“He did what he had to,” Castiel said mockingly, “And he learned about humans while the rest of us were not allowed to interact with them.”
Sam couldn’t see what Matthias was doing behind Cas. Dean had a slightly better view, so he spotted the new instrument of torture she pulled out of nowhere.
“I have your two pet humans, Castiel. If you want Sam to live, you will exit your warded hideout in the next five minutes. Come alone. I have a Reaper here, ready to shove their souls into the Empty if you resist.”
Castiel stretched out on Dean’s bed to pass the time in quiet contemplation. He watched Dean vent his fury at the innocent wall while wearing a contented smile.
“Talk about stubborn,” Charlie sighed.
“Sam doesn’t hold old Bible stories against you,” Gabriel disagreed, “He judges you by your shitty actions. You’re not the demanding, angry git you were during the Apocalypse. Follow Dad’s example and keep trying. As long as you don’t sire another child and lock them in a box for millennia, you’re doing better than he managed with you.”
“I could feel the happiness blooming in Dean, through Sam,” Faith added, “Is that normal?”
Castiel lunged forward to grab fistfuls of the shirt the Archangel was wearing, “He is not conscious; he didn’t consent to this!”
Sam’s prayer was the softest, ‘
Gabriel tapped a finger against his jaw thoughtfully, “You’re right. You can keep him company.”
Sam could feel Lucifer’s Grace, too. It felt like a ball of fire hovering around the box where the Archangel was contained.
Adam woke up to see a young guy standing over him like a total stalker. He made a frightened noise and tried to fling his hands up to defensively.
Matthias twirled the Angel blade as she approached the mouthy Hunter. She could hear Castiel struggling against his restraints.
“It’s probably a soulmate thing,” Balthazar said grumpily, “Now, shut-up and watch the movie.”
“Which is the same reason I was holding an Angel blade,” Gabriel agreed, “Too bad you wouldn’t listen to reason.”
“And there is
“Yet, when I occupied Faith, you were still tense.”
Under the sensible, feminine clothing was a matching set of lacy, black undergarments. Castiel rolled his eyes and did not even try to control the mischievous smile which was prompted by thoughts of how Dean would react.
Gabriel chuckled, “Of course, I know that. I also know you’re reading medical websites rather than looking up real porn. I’m proud that innocent little Castiel is growing up, and I’m trying to help.”
“Domestic violence isn’t my kink, Darling,” Balthazar replied with a smile.
“Gabriel said I’m her mate,” Sam defended as they got into the Impala.
Lucifer snorted derisively, “I never wanted to destroy the world; just humanity.”
Faith found Gabriel to be quite interesting, once she was sure he posed no danger. For an Archangel, he was surprisingly human.
“Our lives are weird.”
She heard Sam reprimand his brother for ‘being a dick’. She paused at the phrase which was clearly meant to be an insult. She had a friend called Richard whose nickname was Dick. Adapting to the future was going to take time.
Gadreel didn’t realize how closely he was leaning in to observe his brother until a pair of blue eyes were suddenly revealed.
“Are all humans this dense?” Lucifer demanded, “You’re not in the Cage, that idiot is not me and this is a dream!”
“It sucks balls!” Gabriel exclaimed, “I’m a Trickster, not a babysitter. Why can’t people just do as they’re told?”
“Am I safe to be around?” Sam wondered, “Could I burn someone’s eyes out if I sneeze, or something?”
“Sam and Dean are showing off to the Archangels by throwing each other around.”
“Your body was tainted, but your soul is pure,” Gabriel argued.
“The new memories I gave Sam include God’s secret identity,” Gabriel replied with a smile, “Do you want the same update?”
Castiel pulled out a chair and sat down heavily, “He sends you back in time, but can’t even answer one bloody prayer from me?”
“Please; shut-up,” Sam begged.
“Dean and Sam were justified in their mistrust,” Castiel decided.
“Unless you bond with him, yes.”
“Before I possessed you, it was invisible. Now, I can see something indistinct connecting us. There is an urge to be closer to you, which has strengthened since you hugged me.”
Watching Lucifer spray orange juice over the table with shock was a memory he would cherish.
Castiel moved his feet out of the way quickly enough. Dean had to pry a foot out from under Gabriel’s backside as the Archangel sat cross-legged at the end of the bed.
Sam was annoyed that Dead held the paper back out to him rather than reading it himself.
“Possibly; and Castiel would watch or participate in your dreams.”
“I sound pretty confident,” Gabriel laughed, “Even if you make a bad impression; you’re leaving soon. Think of it as a trial run.”
“Settle down, Romeo,” Gabriel instructed, sounding bored, “She wanted you, but she cooperated to help Castiel. In exchange, I am here to be honest.”
“A half-human, half-Vampire,” Sam explained, “It’s in the second point.”
“So, you admit I’m tainted?” Sam demanded.
Gabriel tapped his fingers together like Mr Burns from the Simpsons, “A Trickster always has a plan.”
“I was looking down that barrel when I found out I broke the first seal on Lucifer’s cage,” Dean argued, “I got off my ass and fought back. Now it’s your turn.”
“Do you ever shut-up?” Castiel demanded of Matthias.
Gabriel shrugged, “All the more for me.”
“I’ve warded the bunker against any Angel, except us,” Gabriel continued, “I used a pinch of your Grace, so it wouldn’t get thrown out.”
Castiel knew he should be annoyed at the dismissive tone, but he was emotionally numb.
Faith tightened her hand around his, “Depression, sadness, melancholy; they all describe something similar.”
“Not usually; because Castiel manifested her wings, they’re visible to other Angels,” Gabriel explained, “Dean can see them too.”
“Why?”
“You’re boring anyway,” Gabriel said snidely. He reached out to touch Sam on the arm and they both disappeared.
“So, I’ll be the tie-breaker,” Faith offered, “I plan to be near Sam for as long as he can tolerate me.”
Sam and Dean spent some time on telephones and laptops while Faith was absorbed in the tv. She had declared that she could only deal with one amazing new piece of technology per day.
“Has Dean ever been with a man before?” he asked casually.
Gabriel chuckled, “You’re projecting, Luci. I can feel your jealously from here.”
Castiel was relieved that occupying Faith’s body was not as stressful as the experience had been with Dean. Like the time with Jimmy, his Grace remained separate from the human soul with little effort.
“Suffering and death,” Dean muttered, rolling the scattered balls on the pool table, “So much of it is just not necessary. We’re not ants.”
3 – If you spot a typo, feel free to message me so I can fix it. I proofread as much as possible, but I’m not perfect.
“Look after them,” Chuck sighed, “But don’t put up with their rubbish.”
“Gabriel is commentating,” Samandriel replied with a small smile.
“Lucifer?”
While his instincts ordered him to shut up, drop the hand in his and retreat from the room, Dean knew he owed Cas more than a scared retreat. He steeled himself to do something cringeworthy; talk about feelings.
“Whatever you say, gorgeous,” Balthazar purred, “I’m good at taking orders; if you know what I mean.”
Dean had to shove Sam out of the room. He pulled the door shut and levelled a glare at his idiot brother.
Castiel recalled all the times Dean had called his family mentally imbalanced and decided the Hunter was probably correct.
Dean angled his body so he could keep Faith in sight to make sure she didn’t escape. He tried to ignore the twinges of pity he was beginning to feel.
“Good to hear it; I had orders to stick you two in a pocket-reality where one day for you would be a year out here,” Gabriel revealed, “I didn’t fancy wasting a whole year of devastatingly witty quips about you drooling over Castiel.”
Dean sent irritably,
“You may not want to, but those fangs tell a different story,” Dean pointed out pessimistically.
“Not at first,” Castiel replied gently, “Though the bond would probably compel us to seek it. Bonded Angels in vessels certainly felt the drive. I doubt you would be able to fornicate with anyone else, though.”
“Leaving you alone will be one of the stipulations,” Dean assured the Demon, “What’s the status of your host?”
“You prefer this vessel?” Castiel asked with a confused head tilt, “It is still male.”
Chuck nodded thoughtfully, “Some humans need to believe in a higher power, while others are content with having a purpose on Earth. There is one clear problem that humans refused to acknowledge; there are simply too many of them. I wonder if that was my fault for making their sex drive too strong once they interbred with the Neanderthals.”
“What have you done, Sambo?” Gabriel muttered.
Castiel regretted the fact that he hadn’t been allowed to remove more of Dean’s memories of Hell at the time. After years of living with them, they were too deeply embedded in his psyche to be erased.
“You cheat,” Gabriel pointed out.
Gabriel smirked, “I like you. Alright; male Dhampirs are a menace and rarely survive past their first blood craving. Each equinox, Dhampirs emit a charge of power from their blood which affects humans in the local proximity. Humans lose their inhibitions and mass-orgies break out.”
Dean glared at Chuck, “
Castiel blinked at him with puzzlement, “How would that help?”
Sam climbed to his feet and began to stalk toward her, “No argument there; I’m still annoyed you fed on Cas.”
Gabriel ignored the outburst, in favour of raising his eyebrows at Castiel, “You did not tell him of the consequences.”
“That’s going to be really weird,” Dean mused.
“You are awake!” Sam growled.
“You should talk to your boys, Fastiel,” Gabriel instructed during a natural lull in the conversation, “They think God should share all his plans and be afraid of their disapproval.”
“Chuck is really starting to piss me off!” Dean grumbled, “I want to kill something nasty.”
Castiel was clearly not convinced.
“For sleep or for sex?” Castiel asked stupidly.
memories!”
Sam felt a rumbling sensation from where Lucifer was trapped.
“Nope,” Gabriel responded with a chuckle. He did freshen the sheets and the boxer shorts his brother was wearing. As an afterthought, he also cleaned the clothes that had been piled on the bedside table.
“Experiments?” Sam checked the folder, “They cut your finger off?”
He froze in place for a full four seconds as his body was flooded with adrenalin and burning rage.
Chuck laughed, clearly amused, “Human rights? You do realize you humans gave them
The glowing red cloud which seeped from the wound was guided by Chuck’s hand up to Sam’s mouth.
Dean felt Cas tense with anxiety as soon as Gabriel spoke. He expected one, or both, Angels to disappear.
“Does Gabriel know?” Dean asked in a strained voice, “If Lucifer gets out, he’ll come after Sam.”
Sam locked eyes with Chuck and silently asked for more information.
A knock at the door interrupted his musings on how irritating it was that Gabriel had ignored his prayers for a full three days.
“Your choice,” Dean said with a shrug, “Though the urge to punch Dad in the face might be irresistible.”
“You are now sharing a dreamscape; I’ll maintain the connection while you chat,” Gabriel said, “Don’t rush into any decisions.”
Sam realized he was staring when Faith smiled at him. He cleared his throat and made a conscious effort not to ogle her body. He sternly reminded himself that she had fangs and would not hesitate to use them if she felt threatened.
She turned a page and realized that multiple pages had been torn out. The jagged remains poking out of the spine were concerning; she was sure the book had not been damaged the previous evening.
“I think it’s time to put you to bed,” Dean said to Castiel.
“Do you think that Chuck realized that Archangels are too strong and made the rest dependent on Heaven?” Dean mused.
Cas dropped he last of her clothes into a messy pile on the floor, lifted the blanket and slid into the bed.
With a shy smile, Dean joined the edge of the odd assortment of limbs sprawled together. He was careful to keep his hands to himself, which was difficult as Samandriel was unwilling to relinquish his hold on Castiel.
Lucifer glared at the Hunter, who disappeared back into the kitchen with a smirk. Only his recent acquired appreciation for Dean’s cooking kept him from replying rudely.
“Did they hurt you?” Sam asked worriedly.
“Should we wait until the tablet is translated before we contact him?” Sam asked.
“I’ve seen that before,” she realized, “That same glow is around Dean, like a protective shield.”
Jack nodded, “I can see the scars on your soul, Sam; I want to find a way to avoid that.”
“Including illogical guilt over a married woman and nightmares from bunking with Lucifer?” Sam kept his tone light, but there was a real fear of rejection in his mind.
“We could play roulette,” Balthazar suggested, “Much classier.”
Sam should have realized that his reunion with Faith wouldn’t go as planned. He fell asleep in her arms and woke up hours later with a sore neck.
Crowley shuffled forward grudgingly. The handshake was brief, but long enough to transfer the relevant memories.
Dean drew in a deep breath when he was abruptly released. Castiel threw a smug smile at him before continuing into the room with the ping-pong table.
“I understand what it’s like to be hated just for existing. It’s time you see the Cage from my perspective, human.”
“It still sounds like a terrible idea,” Dean declared, “Why not send them to Earth as babies like Anna?”
A pair of glowing red eyes glared at Sam through the oppressive, dimly lit space.
Gabriel cringed, “Low blow.”
Gabriel was sure he would have to take an active role in the family to prevent the timeline descending into chaos. If anyone could make a mess of the future with a few dumb decisions, it would be a Winchester.
Gabriel held up a hand to forestall him, “You should know that if you follow my plan to use Faith as a temporary vessel, you would be vulnerable between hosts. I have to be here to protect you from Naomi.”
“Unless you’re scared I’ll win?” Lucifer taunted, “You can even get help from Dean.”
Castiel felt the missing part of his Grace slip into place easily. He was startled to realize Dean’s soul was so tightly bound around the fragment that it followed.
Faith leaned into Sam; clearly Castiel had retreated.
“He could have sat back and watched,” Balthazar pointed out, “Within a few decades the environmental collapse would have cut down the human population for him.”
“Back here again,” Dean sighed, “It makes sense; who’d notice one more hole in the ground?”
“Thank-you,” Faith said quietly to Gabriel. As he turned, she couldn’t stop herself from backing away from him.
“No ‘good riddance’ at the bottom?” Lucifer asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Angels don’t hug?” Dean realized, “Do they do something else when an Angel is upset?”
“Feel free to groom mine,” Gabriel offered, “You’re one of the few who can see them.”
“I’d love to have this much money for real,” Sam sighed, eyeing the stack of chips Gabriel had conjured. Faith was perched in his lap to maintain the contact; not that either of them seemed to mind. The Archangel hoped her proximity would distract the Hunter from the game.
Faith finally look up at him, “Don’t be jealous, Dean. Your blood smells delicious too. The scent is mostly blocked by the aura of protection around you.”
Castiel relaxed slightly and shot a confused glance at Faith as she re-emerged with a plate of food, “I didn’t realize she was so powerful.”
“Like a child acting out, to get attention from a parent?” Faith suggested.
Gabriel was sitting at the table in the library, with his feet propped up next to a pile of books.
“Does not exist, Dean,” Castiel said absently.
“The second one, usually,” Castiel replied.
Meg had been led to an empty room once Gabriel had confirmed that all the Demon taint was gone from her soul. The Archangel used his Grace to send her into a deep, healing sleep free of nightmares.
“Michael?” Adam whispered.
Lucifer pressed his palm to his chest, “I don’t want to feel like this!”
“This body is like yours,” Castiel said thoughtfully, “Though the bra Gabriel provided is not particularly comfortable.”
By the time he returned to his room, Castiel was sure a memory hangover was worse than the alcohol-induced type.
Gabriel smiled, knowing that the newly human Castiel had been in no shape to consider removing any item of clothing the previous evening – Dean must have taken a definite step out of his comfort zone to help Castiel undress.
Balthazar froze in shock.
“One thing I know for sure; if this doesn’t work, He’s going to interfere when Sam opens the cage by stopping the rings from working,” Gabriel said tightly.
“You never know,” the woman replied with a smug smile, “I might have an update on your pet Angel.”
“Resilient is another word for stubborn.”
Castiel struggled to interpret the frown she was seeing, “Do you object?”
Gabriel grinned, “Oh, the puns I could make. Try meditating in your room; give Castiel a guided tour of the memories you’re willing to share.”
Faith felt her nails dig into the fabric of the back of the couch, “Like a demon?”
“Until you learned Sam was Lucifer’s true vessel.”
“Seriously, Gabriel,” Sam added, “Don’t piss her off.”
“Leave Cas out of this!” Dean growled, “Naomi has screwed with his head enough already.”
The hand he could see was tangled with Dean’s calloused fingers. Surprisingly, Sam was not jealous that they were holding hands. He was sure Faith was advising Castiel how to approach Dean without scaring him away. After years, his brother was finally holding hands with the Angel who was devoted to him.
Sam rubbed his hands over his face and through his hair. Gabriel wondered if being scruffy was a new human trend, or maybe the taller Hunter was afraid of haircuts.
“It is rather enjoyable,” Gabriel agreed as he climbed onto the end of the bed.
“So, be good for Sam, alright? I’ve only known him for a few weeks and I’m, rather attached to him.”
Gabriel teleported to the roof to wait for the sunrise. He stretched out on a sinfully comfortable lounge and watched the colours dance across the horizon.
“Go away, Gabriel,” Faith said flatly, “Castiel is grateful for your help, but I could convince him to spread nasty rumours about you via Angel radio.”
Castiel was in control of Dean’s body. He was sitting up and tearing desperately at the handcuffs. There was a visible glow over his whole body as he tried to escape.
In bright colours, it spelled out, ‘Congratulations – it’s about damn time!’
Cas squeezed his eyes shut, “He’s right.”
“He wants to speak to you,” Sam warned.
“At least it’s small,” Sam added.
“Why?” Dean demanded, “This place is supposed to be secret. Who’s the Angel?”
Castiel was equally fascinated and concerned that she was feeling irrational anger at whoever was at the door simply because she had enjoyed cuddling Dean.
“Maybe she’s jealous,” Sam suggested, “Cas has a functional brain, and she doesn’t.”
Gabriel snorted, “Surely you’ve seen humans hug each other?”
“None of your bloody business!” Dean hissed at Gabriel.
“I don’t understand why,” Gadreel admitted, “You were right about humans! You were the victim of an overly-harsh punishment, too.”
Sam watched Cas lean into Dean, demonstrating a closeness which was still quite new. He suppressed an approving smile and moved past the couple nonchalantly. He headed deeper into the bunker, but his courtesy was not shared by everyone.
Sam propped himself up on one elbow to see past Faith. Dean was stretched out on a third bed and Sam was grateful his brother was also fully clothed.
The handcuff rattled again, which gave Sam something to do. He pulled the key out of his pocket to remove the restraint.
He had lied when he said he couldn’t remember why he removed his Grace in Ancient Greece; he had lost a bet with Loki and had to remain human for a full week. Gabriel recalled every excruciating moment of that time. It had been the worst five days of his life; the weakness, the humiliation and the overwhelming emotions were traumatising. Loki had tried to help by taking him out to get drunk and have sex. The hangover had been the final straw; Loki thwarted a suicide attempt and shoved his Grace back in two days before the week was up.
“Luci is taunting Mike; he still loves the sound of his own voice,” Gabriel continued, his words speeding up, “Michael lunges; it’s slapping and hair-pulling all around. Sammy won’t stand for bald-patches, so he takes control long enough to flip Mike on his back.”
Dean held a hand to his pounding head, “And that’s bad?”
“What?” Sam managed, “You can do that? Soulmates?”
“You’ve already made a huge difference,” Dean assured him, “Just the thoughts of turning Demon creeps me out, so thank-you for preventing that.”
“Off what?”
“He’s still struggling with sarcasm, I see,” Gabriel mused, “I’ll be sure to use small words.”
“No,” Dean replied shortly, “Pizza or burgers?”
“Her fangs would be too close to your neck,” Dean argued, “Just be ready with the cuffs.”
Gabriel smirked, “I enjoy that outraged expression on your face too much. Now, you want to interrogate me; pull out the handcuffs and get started.”
“Endearing?” Dean repeated, “I guess that’s more manly than ‘cute’ or ‘adorable’.”
A short time later, Lucifer was in an engrossing debate with a former Atheist.
Castiel reached for the nearest bottle. A short chain linked the bands around each wrist, in a similar design to the restraints attached to Faith.
“Fine; we wait for Kevin to finish before we approach Crowley. Can I go get laid, now?” Dean demanded hotly.
Chuck silently spoke to Michael and Lucifer, expressing his approval of their ability to forgive.
The wing flared up again, which prompted a smile from the Hunter. Encouraged, Castiel let his wing stretch over Dean like a blanket.
“Considering the other nasties we’ve taken down, why wouldn’t we assume we could stop God if he goes off the deep end?” Sam asked rhetorically.
Jane felt a spike of anger, which drained away to be replaced by resignation. She had honestly expected much worse from the Archangel.
Gabriel sensed Dean seize control, so he was not surprised when the Hunter retorted, “And you’re still a dick.”
Dean threw aside the pillow, and turned to face the confused Angel, “This isn’t ‘ill’, Cas. This is frustration with the Dope of the Universe. Stop trying to throw your life away; it pisses me off!”
“You’re sure I won’t explode?” Sam asked as he rolled his shoulders and flexed his fingers.
“The Devil you know,” Sam muttered.
“His soul was shredded. I healed him with my Grace, and a piece remained with him. The yearning to be near him increased as time passed.”
Dean snorted, “Like you two are any better?”
Castiel lifted his gaze while the vile woman was in front of him, “Go fuck yourself,” he hissed.
“Then, go away,” Castiel grumbled.
“I’m going Dream-Walking,” the Archangel said casually, “If anyone wants a private chat, send me a prayer and prepare for a nap.”
Faith kept the punctures shallow and pulled back quickly. She ran her tongue over the wounds and leaned back to check them. She realized that her saliva had healing properties too; the wounds were beginning to scab over. Instinct told her that the scars which remained would be visible to any Vampire Sam encountered in the future.
“It was a joke,” Dean replied with a genuine smile.
Castiel regarded Dean with confusion, “How is it different to the way I marked you?”
Samandriel smiled happily, “It is lovely to meet you, Jane. Don’t worry; everyone knows Balthazar has no manners. Zachariah postulated that he got too close to a star going supernova as a Fledgling.”
“Michael is such a nerd,” Dean announced, “Let’s try the scotch.”
The Archangel remained seated at the wooden picnic table, as though he could lessen how intimidating he was by remaining seated.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Balthazar laughed so hard that Jane rubbed his back worriedly.
Gabriel enjoyed watching his Father talk interviewers into stuttering imitations of professionals.
Castiel slipped one hand behind Dean’s neck. “Yes. It is getting stronger, but the bond has existed since I marked your soul.”
“Sort of,” Dean said with a shrug, “He is easier to deal with now that his Grace is locked away.”
“Not at the moment,” Faith replied tightly.
Samandriel gulped and glanced at Gabriel anxiously, “Are we in danger from Heaven? Naomi labelled me as a traitor before Castiel killed me.”
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut when he heard Gabriel moving his wings. He knew he was being taken to the bunker rather than Heaven.
“Isn’t this Universe the same one she was released into?” Faith asked, her head beginning to hurt.
Dean flinched when he was teleported back to the bunker. Gabriel had killed the Angels so fast; he hadn’t seen him move. His eyes had been fixed on the pliers, which had been suddenly dropped onto the floor as Matthias screamed and exploded in a flash of light.
Lucifer threw control back to Sam and retreated back to the horrid box. He wanted to hide from both his vessel and his brother so he could pretend he hadn’t broken down like a mud-monkey.
Gabriel moved so he was opposite Dean. Castiel turned to face him as the Archangel bent down to speak quietly, “Castiel, I offer you some of my Grace to help you heal.”
Cas demonstrated how to use a firm grip to smooth a feather back into place.
“I certainly do,” Chuck said with a dangerous smile he turned to face the camera.
Castiel was also smiling, “I agree.”
Faith could see some sort of energy glowing between the Angels, and the air crackled ominously.
“Michael, I’m going to let you out, if you’re sick of being trapped in there,” Dean said internally.
“The Archangel Michael supports the idea,” Dean confirmed.
“Why is Gadreel here?” Sam asked, having failed to find a way to ask the question without sounding rude.
“Hey Gabriel, you cock-blocking asshat, Kevin has agreed to move if his mother comes too. It sounds weird, but she’s hot -”
“Dean, I have observed humanity for thousands of years. I expect I’ve witnessed carnal acts which you couldn’t even imagine,” Castiel said casually.
“No wings,” Dean replied without thinking. A moment later he remembered the wing thing was a delicate topic.
“Sigils are on the underside of the floor,” Jane realized, “There’s something in there, but I can’t tell what.”
Jane nodded to herself; he was telling the truth. Excitement brewed in her stomach, replacing the anxiety.
Sam tried to ignore the blood rushing into his groin and wondered if offering to teach Faith some defensive moves was a stupid idea.
Lucifer sat cross-legged next to his brother.
“Liar!” Gabriel sneered at the television.
“He wants to spend the last two days with you,” Dean clarified, “If you consent to be his vessel?”
A second man followed Sam into the room and to her surprise, it wasn’t Dean. The creature was not human; she recognised his supernatural qualities the moment he stepped into view.
Gabriel sent up a prayer of gratitude when the Winchesters decided to explore the new part of the bunker that Faith had found. It gave the Archangel a brief respite while his brothers were distracted by the array of artefacts.
“We’re in the future now,” Dean reminded her, “It shouldn’t take long to check the records.”
“Your involvement was a pivot point!” Chuck said excitedly, “His True Vessel, made to understand my infuriating son. Every second you spend together is allowing his empathy to grow and recover from being muted by the Mark!”
Dean was unsettled to realize he was feeling envious of the way Cas had his forehead close to Gabriel’s face, and Samandriel was sandwiched between them.
Faith sent.
“Gabriel, NO!” he yelled ineffectively.
“Not in
Meg sighed as multiple sets of suspicious gazes turned her way, “She died ages ago, thank Lucifer. She was so whiny.”
“She speaks the truth,” Gabriel revealed, “The host was a murder victim moments before she was possessed. Meg took revenge by killing the assailant.”
“Another lesson you need to master,” Faith withdrew her hand to wave a finger at him, “The lack of chocolate around here is a serious issue.”
Castiel hesitated. The drive to be closer to Dean was countered by the urge to flee from Michael.
Dean chose not to comment on the hug, as it would cost major man-points, “Closer, how?”
Though it was painful to maintain, Castiel projected an image of the room to share with Dean. He assumed a visual approximation of his previous vessel to communicate with the Hunter.
“Listen here, muttonheads! Just because I don’t waste my manners on you doesn’t mean I don’t have them.”
Gabriel’s wing shot out to smack Sam over the back of the head,
Dean waited patiently, knowing Sam had more to say.
“No, thank-you,” Gabriel decided, “There are far more pleasant options available. I’m going to fetch Meg. If you’re going to have a tantrum, do so before we get back for dinner.”
Matthias let go of Castiel and circled around behind him. His wings trembled against his back as soon as she moved out of his peripheral vision.
Michael was horrified by the very suggestion. He drew his Grace in tightly and braced for an attack.
Gabriel snorted, “I assume nothing; Chuck flat out said that your loyalty is to Dean. He’s known that since the moment you busted him out of the Green Room.”
“I’m just trying to understand,” he protested.
Dean was surprised by that idea, “Luci didn’t like hearing himself speak? That’s new.”
“I apologize for Dean, earlier,” Castiel offered worriedly.
“If you want him to hear me, then probably,” Gabriel replied with a shrug.
“Technically, they were all drafted right into the Heavenly Army,” Faith agreed.
Lucifer sighed, “I should have stuck to single syllables. Listen closely; I want to give you my Grace.”
“Um, ok.”
Balthazar was wrapped around Jane in a reflection of the Archangel and their sleeping brother. Jane’s fingers were entwined with Samandriel’s as she slept.
“Don’t struggle,” Balthazar advised, “The bond between us is fragile.”
“We’re in, too,” Sam added.
Lucifer straightened his posture to mimic confidence, but his eyes remained fixed away from Sam’s impatient frown.
“Fine,” Faith sighed. She held out her wrists to Dean, who clipped the handcuffs back into place.
Dean followed the scent of bacon through the bunker. He had a mouthful of food when he realized there were two additional guests watching him.
“There’s your answer,” Dean said with a smile, “Crappy leaders love having butt-kissers around to prop up their egos. If Michael had appeared in a dream and explained the whole plan, I might have gone along with it.”
“Why do you need to alter his vessel? Is he sick?”
“Go,” Sam encouraged, “I really am okay.”
“That’s a scary thought.”
“Humans have some very strange ideas about sins and the Bible,” Castiel mused, “Most of it is rubbish people put in there to match their own beliefs.”
“I never thought you would do that,” Castiel admitted softly.
“Castiel cleans out his arteries regularly,” Gabriel explained, “Do you extend your skills to liposuction, too?”
“She’s right, Sam,” Gabriel said flatly, “You were manipulated since the moment you were born, if not earlier. You were watched and guided to release Lucifer by the forces of Heaven and Hell. Even Dad felt guilty about you ending up in the Cage.”
The arm Castiel had extended to Faith moved to beckon Dean closer.
The ache in Dean’s chest returned the moment the hand was pulled away. He watched the television screen without processing what he was seeing. He hated the idea of needing anyone so badly; were it anyone else he would have been extremely pissed off.
“I have some ideas, and am tempted to spawn new realities,” Jack admitted, “I don’t want to end up like Chuck.”
“Try asking him.”
“Not just ‘imagined’,” Sam muttered.
“Obviously,” Sam agreed as he reached for another beer.
Gabriel kicked the body, “This was the douchebag who had me in a dungeon before Dad interfered. He had me since just before the non-Apocalypse.”
“Publicity,” Lucifer said with a snort, “This way, he’s ‘saving the world’ instead of destroying it.”
“You didn’t tell them that we’d have control,” Dean realized with a snort, “No wonder Michael is pissed at both of us right now.”
“Over there,” Faith said, waving her hand carelessly, “Welcome back, by the way.”
Sam shrugged, “Gabriel has always been weird.”
Dean stared at Adam with such intensity the younger man was worried for the sanity of his half-brother.
“Bingo!” Dean announced triumphantly, “Maybe there’s a fully-stocked bar hidden somewhere in this place?”
“I am not surprised; the truly arrogant assume that they are correct and label everything else as wrong to cling to their own small-minded views,” Chuck replied easily, “Most are angry that they don’t have more than a handful of fertile adults left under their influence. My Angels have answered the prayers of the chosen by relocating them to the safe-zones, along with their children.”
“Father is not patient, so we need to be ready,” Gabriel continued.
Cas nodded, not caring what clothes he would wear. Dean fetched some more supplies, which he dumped on the end of the bed.
“Half of the Angels died at my hand!” Castiel spat, “And, according to you, I was on track to kill the rest within months. I don’t deserve a second chance!”
Castiel lowered his head to the pillow and his hand slipped from Dean’s shoulder to rest on the mattress.
“So, Christians are not going to be rewarded for their Faith?”
“I’ll try to remember,” Gabriel replied insincerely, “How upset was she when Angels were mentioned?”
Gabriel disappeared before either brother could reply.
“No,” Dean argued flatly, “Lucifer is a walking time-bomb. He doesn’t deserve to have that much power over anyone.”
Lucifer let his brother badger him into analysing the books on Angels for errors. Castiel had begun the process but was distracted by his burgeoning relationship with Dean.
Sam woke up to see Cas and Dean peering down at him worriedly.
else on,” Faith agreed.
Adam shook his head, “Only when he and Michael exhausted each other. We got them to talk, eventually. It was harder once your body disappeared.”
Sam chuckled, even though the gag made it harder. Dean shot an offended glare at his brother.
“Can’t you bring Sam here for me?” Faith asked hopefully.
“Do you care for the opinions of all humans, or just certain individuals?” Gadreel wondered.
Michael watched Castiel press her body against the Hunter while her Grace wrapped around his soul.
“Prepare a sturdy cage in your minds, both of you,” Gabriel advised, “Those two can be right bastards when they want to be.”
Balthazar shared a meaningful glance with Jane before replying, “No, Jane brought me back.”
“Yes; Gabriel told me to approach you first, to assure you that I pose no threat to your mate.”
“So, Meg. Does she want to go to the bunker?”
“You ever work for Naomi?”
“It’s not that funny,” Lucifer said stiffly.
“Lucifer,” Gabriel sighed, “The few who joined his Flock died trying to defend him. I suspect Naomi had a hand in thwarting any potential Flocks; emotions were smothered after The Fall.”
“Sammy!”
“He wanted to restart the Apocalypse,” Castiel sighed, “I didn’t know how else to defeat him. I wish I had asked Dean, but I wanted him to live a normal life.”
“Gabriel said something similar.”
“Gross,” Dean moaned, “Keep your kinks to yourself.”
“Is that a polite way of admitting that they are sluts?” Dean teased.
Jane sensed Castiel emerge from the memories while she was reading the only volume of lore she could find regarding Nephilims. Curiosity compelled her to leave the book on the table and head to the room Castiel had been delivered into. It was adjacent to the room Faith occupied in the morning hours.
Dean stared at the blue eyes which had, in the past, seen right through to his soul. He wanted to deny what Cas had said, but the words wouldn’t form.
“You poked the anthill,” Dean pointed out wearily.
The Angel flinched, and Dean realized he hadn’t seen Cas look that uncomfortable in a very long time.
“And he’s staying out!” Dean growled.
“You can still watch assholes panic when you send them to Hell,” Gabriel offered.
Castiel could feel the tide of emotions Dean was struggling to repress. As Castiel expected, Dean was concerned for Sam, not himself.
“So, there’s a reality where he never stepped in at all,” Sam realized.
“Castiel; Dean wants me to understand humans, but he won’t discuss his relationship with you,” Michael said bluntly, “Is there something unacceptable occurring between the two of you?”
“I offered Sam my Grace,” Lucifer said as he pulled out a random chair and sat down, “You probably need to assure him that it doesn’t carry Devil-cooties.”
“You’re welcome,” he managed.
Footage of Angels using shadows to display a flash of their wings was followed by an interview with Chuck. Gabriel could feel the increase in prayers from frightened people.
“Actually, I can.”
“Thanks,” Sam muttered.
“YOU killed me?”
Castiel ran her free hand along Dean’s jaw, “I prefer you clean-shaven.”
“Probably,” Castiel mused, “The transformation could be problematic.”
Faith reached out to touch Castiel on the shoulder, “Castiel, I am willing to be your vessel for a while.”
“He didn’t,” Adam said quietly.
“You have nothing to be ashamed of,” Faith hissed, “You were tortured by the damn Devil; anyone would have broken.”
Dean spotted the food and complimented the chef when he spotted the logo.
“Well, you shouldn’t!” Sam insisted.
Dean flinched at the sound of his brother’s voice but couldn’t bring himself to pull his hand away from Cas. He glanced over his shoulder worriedly.
“Sammy,” Lucifer purred, somehow caressing the syllables suggestively, “Time to get some revenge?”
Dean was clearly still nervous, but the edge of panic began to fade.
Castiel shook his head while Dean tried to deny any such act and call Gabriel rude names at the same time.
“Nice reflexes,” she decided.
“Luci doesn’t want to wipe out humanity this time,” Gabriel revealed dramatically, “He wants to seduce your brother.”
“Consequences?” Dean repeated, “I don’t care what Chuck does to me.”
“You should wear a freaking bell!” Dean exclaimed.
Sam lifted the unresponsive woman up bridal style, making sure to tuck her head forward against his shoulder.
Lucifer returned to the book he was correcting, effectively ending the conversation. Without looking up, he added, “I know you don’t want anything from me, but this is important.”
“Warn a guy before you drop a shitstorm like that,” Dean chided Chuck as he returned to his seat, “Lucifer is not getting anywhere near Sam.”
Gabriel had banned jogging without an Angelic supervisor, so the Hunter headed to the gym.
Lucifer wanted to argue, but the memories he had seen in Sam’s head provided ample evidence to support Gabriel’s argument.
Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows suggestively, “Try it and see.”
“I have finally accepted the fact that Angels need to spend time on Earth with worthy humans in order to appreciate their value,” Chuck said proudly, “I want to be aware of side-effects of the bonding before I begin instructing Angels to search the planet for a soul to bond with.”
Dean and Sam lowered their guns. Castiel remained frozen in place as memories of rescuing and then executing the Angel flooded his mind.
“You have the missing part of his Grace fused to your soul,” Gabriel said, which led to a blush climbing Dean’s neck, “I suspect you would be completely aware, even if Castiel tried to bury you in memories.”
Chuck allowed the group to converse without further input. He had back-up plans for each scenario he had described, and for many more he had only thought about.
Even Gabriel lent a hand, though Faith suspected he was spending time with his brother to alleviate his concerns.
Gabriel laughed aloud, which drew a confused glance from Faith. Sam remained oblivious; he had his head resting in his mate’s lap, so he didn’t care what anyone else was doing.
Dean froze, and stared at the Archangel with wide eyes, “That sounds ominous.”
“I do want your input on eliminating certain behaviours from the gene pool,” Chuck continued, “Child molesters and rapists can be the first to get an express pass to Hell.”
Sam ignoring the comment, knowing Dean was dealing with the situation as he often did; with inappropriate humour.
Faith sat up, clearly furious, “Yes. Those Arsehole Librarians detained me after I bit my fiancée during sex,” she explained bitterly.
“I’ll be close,” Gabriel said with a smile, “Who knows what mess you two would get into without me?”
“No!” Sam said flatly.
“Who are you?” Sam asked directly.
Sam spotted the blood on her sleeve and a smear down the front of her top.
Meg regarded the Archangel critically, still unsure why he would want to help her again, “Ideas that will make Dean yell and Sam look constipated?”
Dean scowled up at the Archangel, but the words he had planned died in his throat when he spotted the two extra guests being led into the bunker.
“Nope.”
Prologue:
Castiel wasn’t sure why he was filled with a smug pride when Dean appreciated his wings. Logically, he should have been uncomfortable with the reminder that Dean could still see them.
“You can’t truly understand humanity without sacrifice,” Castiel observed coldly.
Gabriel shushed his brother indignantly.
“He called the hallucination a pathetic imitation and compared him to a drunk Bond villain.”
“Benny!” Dean cried happily.
Lucifer refused to give any indication of the distinct pang of worry her words ignited. If none of her ideas worked, he had not doubt that she would stuff him into a dark box in the back of her mind.
“Gross,” Sam decided, pushing his food away, “For the records, I don’t ever want to hear about anyone’s sex life; not even my own.”
“That’s not fair,” Sam said with a frown.
Lucifer felt the anger subsiding into something heavy which sucked away his will, “Are you happy?”
He didn’t need to cast a spell to summon a Demon; not even one as powerful enough to claim the throne of Hell.
Castiel nodded, “I thought being in the drivers’ seat was a good metaphor. Would you like to take over?”
“Dean, put the gun away,” Sam instructed firmly, “Her bite can’t turn me, and her fangs aren’t even out.”
“Castiel? Are you fully awake this time?”
Gabriel chose to stay with Meg after the first injection of blood. Sam headed to the kitchen to get a glass of water.
Balthazar snorted, “Of course he is.”
Castiel sat on the edge of his bed and said aloud, “Gabriel, I would appreciate your presence, if you are not busy.”
Sam managed four words of a threat before the gag rematerialized. Dean had similar success with a strong of curse words.
“Your fangs,” Sam said worriedly.
Castiel nodded, “I was the only one who could recognise his soul and raise him before the Demons killed us both.”
“Indirectly,” Michael agreed, “All the Angels who shared Grace with you tried to rebel with you. Most were killed by Father’s orders.”
“You’re full of shit,” Dean decided aloud.
“Have you checked on top of the Christmas tree?” Faith asked innocently.
“I prefer that Metatron,” Samandriel continued, his thoughts still on the movie.
“Relax,” Gabriel advised, “At dusk Castiel’s vessel will turn into a female. By then, you’ll want extra walls in the place – I bet my little sister will be a screamer.”
Dean asked the Archangel.
“It’s cheaper than a babysitter,” Sam commented as he crossed the room carrying whatever he had prepared.
Sam flexed his new appendages tentatively. The wings responded immediately, though moving the extra sections at the ends took a few attempts.
“I know,” Cas cut him off, his wings looming higher.
“Empathy?”
Castiel froze in place. He knew that if the conversation went badly, his friendship with Dean could be irreparably damaged.
“I will need to train him and Michael before I leave,” Chuck continued, noting how the Angels stared at their respective plates, “And leaving Adam under Michael’s control for much longer would be quite traumatic for Adam.”
“Why would a pole wear clothing in the first place?” Castiel asked curiously.
“If you stopped hiding behind your Grace, you’d have a more educational experience,” Gabriel advised.
“You can stay here to keep the boy’s content,” Meg said to Castiel, “Make sure they don’t throw a kegger while we’re gone.”
“Hello boys,” the witch replied with a wide smile, “It’s nice to meet you; Gabriel updated most of my memories but you two are cuter in person.”
Samandriel refused to leave Adam, which was cute enough to be endearing.
“We’ll increase the wards so only you and I are the only Angels who can get in here,” Gabriel suggested.
Castiel leaned away and regarded her warily.
Gabriel shrugged, “It can be. Have you mentioned this Amara idea to anyone else?”
“I’m still not letting you drive,” Dean grumbled.
Dean halted abruptly in the library as he spotted Gabriel and Crowley sipping coffee together at the table.
Gabriel tore his gaze from the screen, and regarded the Hunter thoughtfully,
Faith stared at the floor when the tears brimmed again. She barely noticed the brothers move to the far corner of the storeroom to converse quietly.
Faith watched the two Angels with awe. They turned in unison, each offering a hand to Dean. The Hunter was drawn into the three-way hug as a hum in the air became audible.
“You probably want to see Cas?” Dean guessed.
Sam shared a confused glance with Dean, who shrugged. There was clearly some sort of shame attached to displaying Angel wings to humans, which neither brother understood.
“But it’s fun and I’m bored,” Gabriel complained, “I’d usually be in an orgy of beautiful, horny women on Valentine’s Day. Instead, I’m babysitting you two dorks.”
“We’re ready to go, Meg,” Sam said in lieu of a greeting.
“Hey, Luci; dinner will be ready in ten and we’re watching Terminator tonight,” Dean called out, “If you skip out, I’ll hide your books while you sleep.”
“He has other goals, this time,” Sam said defensively.
Charlie made an odd noise which could only be described as a squeal, “Details? When were you kissing Castiel?”
“So, why do you want to chat?”
Gabriel clicked his fingers, and Faith appeared in the room.
Castiel glanced away from both Dean and Gabriel, “I have no knowledge beyond what you told me, brother.”
Sam studied the handcuffs still secure around the wrists of the prone woman. There were a variety of symbols etched into them, though he didn’t recognise them in the dim light. Her eyes were closed, and she did not appear to be breathing. He reached out to touch her hand.
“Not anymore,” Gabriel disagreed, “I had you watched, because I was worried that you would try to hurt yourself.”
Gabriel pinned her with a hard stare, “That explains how he knew where you were.”
“So, you’re not evil?”
“Busted,” Lucifer muttered, “I’m not playing the bad guy this time around.”
“Gabriel, Samandriel,” Balthazar greeted smoothly, “I was hoping to interrupt something scandalous, but if this is an orgy; I am not impressed.”
Castiel remained flat on his back and allowed his wings to fall away from Dean. The human kept both hands on his chest and swung his knee over to the other side of the mattress.
“Gabriel’s vessel wins that one,” Castiel corrected, “He had the same one back in Ancient Greece.”
“My last vessel was Dean,” Castiel revealed casually, “I expect you mean Jimmy?”
“Castiel needs to be fully informed,” Jane specified, “You tell him about changing his vessel; any risk of Heaven grabbing him when the cuffs come off and his slow death. You don’t force him to do anything.”
“Some of you can be happy here, but Raphael and Lucifer could be happy in the reality I want to create next. Lucifer, I want to send you back in time to the moment Sam released you from the Cage,” Chuck explained.
Castiel stared at the Hunter and his wings trembled. Heavy seconds passed before he found his voice, “Dean, I know how traumatising it was being pressured to be Michael’s vessel. I couldn’t do that to you.”
Sam abandoned his rest break on the mat and gave up the lovely view it provided. He sat up slowly, his thoughts on what the Archangel could be planning.
Instead, he remained still and enjoyed the spectacle of the two stubborn creatures finally acting on their impulses.
“Aren’t they busy ending human civilisation as we know it?” Adam asked. He still felt oddly disjointed from the rest of the world.
“Is everyone fully dressed?” Gabriel called from the bathroom, “I won’t say ‘decent’ because Dean enjoys indecency.”
“Brother,” Michael managed in a strangled tone, “There is
“Nothing interesting,” Adam supplied, “Why don’t we watch the news for a while? Chuck is funny when asked stupid questions.”
“Only after agreeing that the tablets need to remain here to be translated,” Gabriel argued.
Sam dropped his head forward so she couldn’t see his eyes, “It’s a highlight reel of my greatest failures.”
“If you shared Chuck’s plan, would Dean, Sam or I object?” Castiel asked carefully.
Sam froze for a few moments before he nodded.
Castiel gripped Gabriel’s forearm in an odd extension of a handshake while a warm palm encircled her own, the soft fingers nearly reaching her elbow.
Dean pointed the pool cue at the Archangel, “Any more talk like that and we’ll learn if I can beat you up in my own dream.”
Dean was aware of his body as he sank into his own mind, though the physical sensations were easy to ignore.
“You? A deal? You don’t even have a soul.”
Gabriel could only follow for a few steps before halting abruptly.
Dean growled and the chains rattled as he threw him bodyweight forward in a failed lunge, “Another crazy bitch,” he spat.
Dean’s annoyed voice shattered the moment, “Sammy, did you fall in the toilet, or something? Come on!”
“If Gabriel shares with Cas, she will tell us anything we need to know,” Sam surmised, “He gave me a weird look, so I suspect something bad.”
Sam visibly relaxed, “Good. It’s bad enough that I have those memories.”
“With hindsight, it seems obvious that Heaven wanted to bring on the Apocalypse,” Castiel said sadly, “I deeply regret that Sam and Adam ended up in the Cage, and that Adam is still trapped there.”
“Clearly,” Cas huffed. He had the memories of his time with April, but the sensations were not comparable.
Samandriel opened his eyes as Dean settled around Castiel. The eyes of the Hunter were level with those of the Angel.
Dean froze with a mouthful of burger. He took his time chewing so he could choose his words carefully.
“I believe so; an undercurrent of awareness which was not present before,” Cas said thoughtfully.
Once Dean had his gun back in the waistband of his jeans Sam left to fetch the towels for Faith.
“Gabriel, when are you going to let us out of here?” Dean asked bluntly.
Sar regarded his brother critically, “I find it hard to believe you consented to be a vessel.”
“Your Cage memories, too?”
That reminded Dean of the slow death of the one Angel he considered to be family.
“Those who live without hurting humans can remain; I’ll probably assign an Angel to monitor each species.”
Castiel doubted he would ever fully understand humans. From above, they appeared to be simple creatures, but they had so many layers of complexity no Angel could comprehend until they took the time to interact on Earth for an extended period.
“Yes, otherwise we would be here all day,” Balthazar replied with a wink, “Cassie wanted to strip you two naked, but I suspected neither of you would appreciate that.”
“Let the power settle,” Chuck advised softly.
“I dislike hypocrites,” Castiel said simply.
Dean glanced at her nervously, “Not funny. I’m sure Sam will learn quickly.”
Castiel gaped at the Archangel, “No; he would not want to be changed.”
Sam had reluctantly retired to his room, but Dean had fallen asleep on the couch. Kevin and Linda had retreated hours earlier.
“How bad is it?” Sam asked worriedly.
“Great; so, I’m going back to Hell when I die,” Dean sighed.
Charlie made a face at the Archangel, “Are all Angels that blatant about sex?”
“Speak English, Gabby,” Dean sighed, “Or better yet, speak American.”
“Sit down with your back to Sam,” Gabriel said impatiently.
“We were just discussing that,” Crowley said haughtily, “I might agree to it being stored here.”
“I think so.”
Sam backed away from the bed, even though something deep in his chest wanted to stay.
“I’m here too, Castiel,” Gabriel injected, “You know, if you care.”
Dean glanced around and realized that Castiel was no-where in sight.
“No physical damage, I promise,” Balthazar replied condescendingly, “Your pet human needs some manners, Cassie.”
By the time Gabriel and Meg came into view, Faith had relinquished control to Castiel.
“The short version, yes,” Balthazar confirmed, with a sidelong glance at Jane. She smiled shyly at him.
“You chopped the Knight of Hell into pieces and encased her in cement, right?” Gabriel prompted.
If the situation wasn’t so serious, Dean would have cheered his friend on. Instead, he struggled to suppress a smile while Sam shot a disapproving look at him.
Joe was attractive too, she reminded herself bitterly, don’t trust him just because he’s sexy.
Humans were a mess of complications, and utterly fascinating. As the Archangel watched the sun slowly clear the horizon, he felt quite confident that the people he had allied with were the best of humanity. He would never admit it aloud, but Castiel had chosen well.
“Is that why Castiel has been researching pornography?”
Jane leaned back in the chair and crossed her arms over her chest, “Why?”
Faith glanced at Dean, who disappeared with a click of the Archangel’s fingers.
“What did he, she; pronouns are not helpful,” Sam muttered, “What happened?”
Gabriel gathered his flock to discuss the offer which had been made to Sam.
I regret more than imprisoning you. I wish I had stood up with you or joined you in captivity.”
Balthazar dropped to his knees and punched a hole through the wooden floorboards.
“And decent person who prays for rescue will receive it,” Gabriel said sadly.
Dean held Faith’s gaze for a few long moments before he offered a short nod, “I can work with that.”
“Want to chain me up, Sam?” Meg teased, “It’s not exactly a bedroom, but we can adapt.”
“Gabriel invited me,” Inias added, his gaze on the blade that the Hunter still held, “I don’t think he wants me to be killed.”
“Are you finally getting the hang of humour?” Meg laughed.
Sam joined his brother as the whole shelf separated from the wall to reveal a staircase leading down into the darkness. The air smelled stale, but not putrid.
Faith didn’t even realize her actions could be considered rude until she was pressed against Gabriel’s back with one arm slung over all three Angels. When she saw Dean standing at her in shock, she wondered if she was about to be smited.
“Good,” Gabriel decided, “The three of them seem to attract trouble; the need a woman to smack them on the head when they do something stupid.”
The thought of that ridiculous conversation made Gabriel chuckle aloud.
Sam didn’t want to relinquish the close contact but holding an adult woman for any length of time was quite difficult.
“Dig in, Luci,” Gabriel encouraged, “If you don’t like bacon, Dean might lock you in the dungeon.”
“What about all the monsters?” Dean demanded.
“And every Angel we’ve met has been a judgemental dick at first,” Sam countered, “Even Cas.”
“Talk,” Dean told him flatly.
“And the humans?” Dean prompted, “Do they get w choice before they’re chained to an Angel?”
Dean’s eyes were drawn to the trembling wings perched on the Angel’s back. He could see the individual feathers shaking.
Sam was shocked, “You’re his vessel?”
“Alright,” he accepted, “If you’re all sure?”
“You don’t trust your Demon flunkies not to steal it,” Dean surmised.
Gabriel appeared in front of Dean and immediately ducked to avoid being punched in the face.
“What’s Chuck planning?” Dean asked bluntly, “He didn’t send you back just to stop the Angels falling.”
“For now.”
“Helping with what?” Dean asked.
“Good,” Faith decided aloud, “Otherwise, I’d have to assume you were disgusted by the realization that I’m old enough to be your grandmother.”
“Give them a minute,” Faith said, with enough command in her voice to ensure Dean didn’t give chase.
“Hello Jane,” Chuck greeted politely, “There is no need to fear me; I will offer you protection whether or not you agree to the job I would like you to fulfill.”
“I’m glad you’re back, Father,” Samandriel said with obvious sincerity, “All of Heaven suffered during your absence; we thought we had displeased you. I hope you have forgiven us.”
Chuck continued, “I let you do my dirty work, and for that I’m sorry.”
Gabriel was sitting at the centre of the lounge with his legs stretched out in front of him. Castiel was lying on her back, using the Archangel’s thigh as a headrest.
“Gabriel seems to think Dean loves me but is simply not attracted to my vessel,” Castiel explained, “I do wonder what would have happened if I had chosen a female vessel.”
“Asshole!” Dean hissed.
“When you gave him Grace; did it hurt?” Dean asked curiously.
“Better than anyone else you’ve bitten?”
Gabriel could feel the energy flow tingling across his vessel at each point where a Flock-mate had touched him.
“More details?” Sam prompted.
“I’ve done worse to you,” Lucifer muttered.
Castiel slumped back against the couch, “So, I am the only one being kept in the dark?”
Sam was confused. He couldn’t quite place where he was, or why his head hurt so damn much. They had been in the car, at least an hour from the bunker while Dean complained about something.
Dean snorted, “Of course he did.”
“Keep in touch,” Dean urged, “If you pray directly to Castiel, Michael or Gabriel, we’re not far away.”
Castiel realized the restraints were being removed from his ankles. He was grateful that Matthias had taken a break from ripping feathers out.
“I’ll demonstrate.”
“So, you’re going to make it count this time around?”
“It was thousands of years ago,” Sam said tentatively, “Shouldn’t you be over that by now?”
Meg snorted, “I doubt that. Having a conscience again after years of being an evil bitch hurts.”
“Is Alfie still in there?” Dean asked quietly.
“Faith?”
Gadreel scooped Sam up as though he was weightless.
“Dean’s mind is great that way,” Gabriel said sincerely, “While you’re there, Mikey, get his help to remove that stick from your ass.”
“Cock-blocking douchebag,” Dean complained.
Matthias strolled back over to Castiel, “Have they seen your wings before, Castiel? Have you fallen that far?”
“Sound like the author nailed it,” Dean laughed.
Cas sighed, “He mentioned returning your Hell memories in addition to having me re-educated, He wasn’t sure which one would be a better deterrent.”
Chuck was not at all apologetic, “Being so powerful has not helped my children to develop resilience.”
“And you are about to be missing a wiener,” Gabriel said with a smile.
Faith was too tense to sleep, even though it was close to 3am. She wanted to be near Sam and the Angel in her head craved Dean’s presence.
Now that he was dealing with a full set of human emotions, he dearly missed Balthazar. The crushing guilt weighed him down and plagued his thoughts when he tried to sleep.
Castiel nodded thoughtfully, “I would like that, too.”
“Point me toward the hot lady,” Gabriel demanded.
Gabriel shrugged, “That’s up to humans. Whatever happens, I’ll make sure you lot have food and whatever else you need. I already placed a set of stripper poles, complete with dancers.”
Michael retorted sharply.
“Ghosts!” Michael provided, “Thousands of ghosts, newly dead, every year. Around one sixth of human souls are not pure enough for Heaven. Hunters would never keep up.”
Gabriel disappeared before anyone could object. The smug smile the Archangel wore as he left made Sam roll his eyes with exasperation.
Sam let out an odd sound somewhere between a yelp and a grunt. The pain was not as bad as he anticipated, and he was surprised by the tingle of pleasure spreading through his body.
“Some of them are,” Balthazar drawled, “And they multiply quickly.”
“Once my body was removed, the Cage tried to drive me insane,” Sam continued, his eyes fixed on the pizza box, “Lucifer wrapped his Grace around my soul to protect me and keep me close. His Grace burned without the buffer of my body, which is why Cas described it as being ‘flayed alive’.”
“Her presence is a gift; what happens next is up to them,” Chuck clarified, “My concern is that Angels will never understand humanity unless they become attached to a human, much like Castiel did.”
Castiel was clearly interested in the conversation, too.
“To sleep,” Dean added quickly.
He silently outlined his plan to Castiel, who assisted with moving the sleeping mortals.
The Archangel was crouched in front of the bleeding Angel with a blank expression. Castiel recognised the lack of emotions of an Angel with a mission.
The explosion of concern from Castiel would have been cute if the situation was not so serious.
Gabriel sat down next to Dean, his eyes fixed on the television, “Dean?”
Gabriel continued, “He is unhappy now, but soon he will discover other human emotions. Contentment, joy and even love.”
“You’re cute when you’re embarrassed,” Gabriel observed.
“Faith is aware, but I am in control,” Castiel replied as she approached, “Gabriel has gone somewhere with Meg.”
“Are you a nerd, too?” Dean asked suddenly.
Faith dropped her gaze to the book she had put aside, “I make you uncomfortable.”
“I told the truth,” Gabriel redirected, “I was masquerading as Loki when I hooked up with a female Dhampir in Belgium. We incited chaos across Europe and the version of the story in that book made me out to be a right douche.”
Lucifer couldn’t name the twisting feeling growing in his stomach. Angel Radio was audible again, and he was in complete control of his vessel, even if he couldn’t access his Grace.
Adam’s image coalesced, though the halo hovering over his head was a new addition.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“No idea,” Gabriel replied honestly, “Dad’s never done this before.”
“Everyone out!” Gabriel barked.
“Sarcasm,” Gabriel explained.
Sam woke up feeling extremely refreshed. It took him a few long moments to realize he was in a strange bed. He looked over at Faith, who was fully dressed and stretched out on a neatly made bed close by.
“What were the other conditions?” Sam asked suspiciously.
Adam grinned at the Angel, “How so?”
Dean froze, “About killing yourself?”
“Wow,” he managed.
“No; when I was sent back, another Universe was created. Amara is in the original, not this one.”
Gabriel ignored the annoyed Hunter and strolled over to the table. He picked up Sam’s orange juice and sipped it.
The sound of his phone ringing interrupted his gloomy musings. He reached out lazily to pick up the noisy device.
“Never fear, little brother,” Gabriel said confidently, “I have some ideas.”
Castiel glanced between the brothers with mounting anxiety, “I can leave if either of my brothers become troublesome due to my proximity.”
Castiel was grateful that Faith remained asleep. She planned to inform Dean of Chuck’s visit, and she needed to figure out a way to do so without angering the Hunter.
“Dean calls that Bitchface Number Six.”
“I have to be the cautious one!” Dean argued, “You look at her like -”
Faith was sitting at one end of the couch with a cushion and Castiel’s head resting on her lap. Gabriel smirked as he imagined what Sam would say if he could see the woman he was desperate to return to. He chose not to comment, in the interest of the bigger picture.
“I will ask him before making a final decision,” Gadreel decided.
“I can feel how attached you are to Dean; the merging of Grace and soul is unprecedented,” Michael observed, “Even the Angels who sired Nephilim were not so attached.”
“God’s pissed-off sister, intent on destroying the Universe,” Gabriel summarised, “Millions die, Lucifer escapes from the Cage in Castiel’s body and even Crowley is recruited as an ally. Bottom line; leave Abaddon in the bloody cement and don’t follow any tablet instructions before you have the final translation.”
Gabriel patted the Hunter on the back to offer comfort.
“Infinitely.”
“It’s after midday, so I won’t judge you,” Sam sighed.
“And that’s never happened between a human and an Angel before,” Dean said thoughtfully, “Well if it’s the only way to stop his wings from going black, that’s what we’ll do.”
“Sam is your True Vessel because he has a soul which reflects your original Grace, and his life has mimicked yours to a certain extent,” Gabriel said pointedly, “Show him why you Fell; see what he says.”
Gabriel sent gently.
“Fine, but only because Faith likes Castiel and I like Faith,” Jane said grudgingly.
Gabriel appeared a few steps away, “Whoops?”
“Oh, dear,” Michael sighed.
Gabriel forced him to eat, sleep and keep his human body functioning, and only let him miss one movie.
“Sam,” Benny acknowledged with a nod, “I know this isn’t a place for my kind, so I won’t stay long.”
“Cas what?” Dean asked with a mouthful of food.
Sam began to argue, but Faith spoke over him, “I’m faster than both of you, and I can fit through a smaller hole. More aside.”
“Of course,” Cas whispered. She shifted so her back was supported and manoeuvred Dean’s head into her lap. She ran her fingers through his hair as he settled down into a comfortable position.
“It would be better than proclaiming I will be your vessel because I bring pain and death to everyone around me,” Sam replied tightly.
“No,” Lucifer hissed, “I was never alone in the Cage. Even before I was released, I could hear my siblings and see through the eyes of the strongest Demons.”
“Cas?” Dean said hopefully.
Sam excused himself to go have a shower while Dean complained that ‘poor Cas’ was being corrupted. By the time Sam returned from the bathroom, Castiel was pressed against Dean’s side with her head on his shoulder.
Dean could feel the weight of every decision he had ever made dragging him down. He realized that he had been intent on saving others for so damn long that he had nothing left to give. The deaths of his friends and knowledge of their fates in the other timeline cast doubt on his ability to continue.
“She’s powerful, so don’t piss her off.”
“Memory update,” Gabriel explained happily, “You can have one too, if you like.”
Dean nodded, “Thank-you for helping him.”
Dean was disgusted, “What a bag of dicks.”
Gabriel grinned, “Of course. Knowing I was going to change the timeline, it seemed stupid to leave her down there.”
“He sat back and let the Angels manipulate the Apocalypse, avoided Cas searching for him while they were in the same damn house and let a Civil War in Heaven turn Cas into a monster. Throw in the Leviathans and Purgatory and I’m tempted to punch Chuck in the face.”
Gabriel sent to the two of them. He was careful with his powers, but they would still end up with headaches.
“Castiel would not cope if I changed the gender of his vessel with him in it,” Gabriel added thoughtfully, “Dad warned me about that; suicidal former Angels should never be mixed with menstrual cramps.”
“Once Castiel and Dean are fully bonded, I’m going to ask for volunteers from the Host to seek out compatible human souls. I think you would be an asset in determining if the humans truly understand what is being asked of them, and if Angels know enough about humanity to participate.”
“Sam needed a wall in his brain to keep the Cage memories out,” Dean said suddenly, “Are you sure you’re not seeing hallucinations or something?”
“If I had some sort of guarantee that Sam would be resurrected when Lucifer was killed, I would have considered it,” Dean admitted, “But Zachariah breaking Sam’s legs just pissed me off.”
There were three cells, each secured with a steel door. Dean checked the first cell, which was empty. Sam moved past him while he paused to shine his flashlight into the second cell while the machete in his other hand hung by his side.
“We get him out now!” Dean hissed angrily.
“You’re proud of him,” Dean realized with an encouraging smile, “You should tell him that.”
Faith was still asleep after his workout, when he retrieved clean clothing to take into the bathroom.
“The death rate of any Angel in your company certainly attests to that,” Michael said coldly.
Gabriel dropped his head into his hands and muttered something inaudible.
When Castiel snapped out of his trance and stretched out on the bed again, Dean was waiting expectantly.
“You know what I mean, you stubborn child,” Gabriel chided, “I’m waiting for you to freak out because everyone knows you have a thing for Sam.”
Dean glared at Gabriel, “No.”
“Touching my soul with his Grace is rather intimate, and my brain interpreted it badly,” Sam explained, “Knowing those events didn’t actually happen hasn’t really helped, so far.”
“Bloody Winchesters!” Gabriel grumbled, “One day into head-sharing and my brothers are begging for mercy.”
“What should I have done differently?” Michael wondered, “I knew no other way to keep Heaven from falling into chaos.”
Castiel found that she enjoyed the taste of the food and assumed the transformation had been taxing on her Grace. She suspected she would even need sleep.
“Should I refrain from infringing on your personal space?” Cas asked with a cheeky smile.
The moans and pants from Cas were fascinating. Dean could feel his own erection pressed firmly against the pliant backside of the Angel.
“It’s February 13th, 2013,” Dean replied.
“They had better behave themselves,” Gabriel warned.
“I cannot judge you, brother; only myself.”
“Stop worrying, Castiel,” Gabriel soothed, “Think of everything you can learn from Dean; the sexual experiences alone -”
Gabriel nodded, “Probably.”
“This is bullshit!” Dean declared, “We stopped the damn Apocalypse while you sat around in your bath robe; don’t bring it back because you’re bored!”
Faith didn’t hesitate when she was invited to join the Flock. The five of them ended up sprawled together in a tangle of limbs, on the verge of unconsciousness.
“I believe so,” Castiel said aloud.
Sam smiled up at her, and Faith was extremely aware of his proximity. The height difference between them put her breasts right at his eye level. She was impressed that he was able to remain focused.
Gabriel appeared next to the television, making Dean flinch violently.
Faith was extremely aware of the odd dynamic which had formed. Though she was looking at the television, her focus remained on the Angel in her mind. Her thoughts of cuddling up to Sam to savour his presence could not be denied, ever as she tried to suppress them.
“Your brother wants to speak to you,” Dean relayed.
Castiel regarded Dean with an expression which could only be described as condescending, “I am an Angel; I am not male or female. Both are equally strange to me.”
Dean hoped she wouldn’t notice the way his heart rate sped up when she was close. He sternly told himself that Cas was
“Would you prefer I look like Adam or your father?”
“And we’re back to the ‘Ant Farm’ analogy,” Dean sighed.
“Sure.”
Gabriel extended the middle section of the lounge, so it resembled a huge, triple bed. He settled into a comfortable position on his back.
Gabriel waited until Dean disappeared down the hall to giggle and announce, “Captain Cockblock strikes again.”
“You are incorrigible.”
“Of course; I didn’t think you’d be back so fast,” Faith agreed, “Was there a change of plans?”
Lucifer asked his vessel.
Chuck flicked a glance at Gabriel before returning his attention to the Winchesters and the worried Angel sitting between them.
“Is the movie still enjoyable now that you know what the velociraptors really look like?” Castiel asked curiously.
“It’s not,” Dean replied firmly, “If you want to learn about sex, find someone you’re attracted to.”
“What the fuck?” Adam yelped.
Faith ate a little, but her appetite was diminished due to her Angelic passenger.
Jane had seen Faith holding Castiel’s hand while he was unresponsive, so she was curious to know if the Dhampir was interested in the former Angel for more than friendship. Having a friend to discuss personal issues with was an exciting prospect.
“Goodbye!”
“The counter-spell is here,” Sam said, returning his attention to the file, “Latin, of course.”
Michael recalled Lucifer as he had been when he was known as Samael. Even millennia later, Michael still didn’t understand why his brother had defied God and led a rebellion.
Faith nodded, “Now I understand why I was allowed to live; Gabriel wants you to use me as a vessel.”
“I don’t like you,” Dean said flatly.
Lucifer was reminded of Death retrieving Sam’s soul from the Cage; he had called both Archangels spoiled brats and ordered them to ‘knock it off’.
Once the inventory was fully recorded, sorted and filed away, Castiel realized he needed something else to occupy his mind.
He knew that the Prophet would call with information about the First Trial to seal the gates of Hell before dusk. Once he was sure the neither Sam nor Dean would do anything stupid, he had plans to enact.
“Works for me,” Dean said with a grin.
“It sounds awful to say, but I’m glad he’s dead,” Faith continued.
He was quite aware of the fearful silence which descended on the room.
Castiel settled down parallel to Dean, “If Dean ends up with wings, I don’t fear for his safety; I fear for Heaven.”
There was a silent explosion of self-hatred in Sam’s mind which left Gabriel clutching the cushions with gritted teeth.
“I’ve agreed to host Lucifer to find out what was real and what was created by my mind to interpret the Grace burns,” Sam added.
“I’ll have you know, I am here to help, little bro,” Gabriel retorted, “As you’re going to be my little sister in about an hour, you might want the clothes I’ve left in the bathroom.”
“Have they seen your wings before?” she repeated slowly.
Samandriel and Jane woke immediately, and Balthazar remained completely still. Chuck sat down, crossed his legs and regarded them calmly.
“Castiel needed a memory update,” Gabriel explained, “I gave him the next year and a half.”
“Where are our clothes?” Dean demanded grumpily.
Sam insisted on cooking, citing Dean as being a pain in the backside who tried to add bacon to everything. Before he headed out of the room Sam found a book on Dhampirs and handed it to Faith.
Castiel was lost in the growing sensation when a new presence appeared at the edge of his consciousness.
“You’re starting a dating agency?” Gabriel laughed.
Sam shifted his blanket to cover the mark.
“Pick one, each,” Gabriel ordered, “You need to hide them here for as long as possible.”
Gabriel conjured a blanket and threw it around the shivering figure in front of him. He was halfway down the stairs and supporting the new Angel protectively.
“We had a slumber party,” Gabriel replied happily, “Without the slumbering.”
“Good. Now, Castiel is still panicking over the soul-Grace thing,” Faith sat at the foot of the bed as though she visited he room regularly, “Apparently, no Angel has ever fully bonded with a human before; when he rebelled against Heaven, he knew it was a death sentence.”
“Hey!” Gabriel protested, “That’s just mean; I’m here to help my trusting brother win the boofhead of his dreams.”
“If I were to remove it now, you would make more jokes to distract you from thoughts of being more than just friends with me.”
Sam coiled the rope around his wrist and elbow and held it out to Dean, “Put the machete away, Dumbass.”
“I told Michael and Lucifer that humans did not deserve to be slaughtered and their plan was unjust,” Castiel replied lightly.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“You will be able to mute him at will,” Chuck confirmed.
“Is that why you called Uriel ‘junkless’?” Castiel asked Dean.
Gabriel feigned disinterest in Dean and Castiel interacting over toast. He appeared equally bored by Faith and Sam, even when the latter attempted to comfort the Dhampir by rubbing her back.
“You’re right, Faith,” Castiel said blandly, “My brother is a jerk.”
Dean shrugged, “Cas needs a human soul present to help him heal. I have the missing piece of his Grace, which will speed up the process.”
“No, you’re not,” Dean countered, “He’s done something to you.”
Castiel could hear the challenge and underlying anger in His voice. He was utterly sure that Dean was about to say something rude and tempt the wrath of Chuck.
The invisible force pinning the men to the wall vanished when Gabriel left the room, still muttering angrily to himself.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Is Jane planning on bringing more Angels back from the dead?”
“Nope. Honestly, I think you are both objecting out of habit; I’m creating a peaceful, better world without killing half the planet. What does Paradise mean to you?”
Gabriel had to admit that honestly was entertaining; he was pretty sure Dean had forgotten how to form words.
Castiel waited until the chosen movie was finished before approaching the issue of forming a Flock with characteristic bluntness.
Faith felt Sam pull away and fall back against the padded mat. She could see the apology before he made a sound.
“I need to rest,” Cas said regretfully, “Be nice to Faith; she is very interested in the hand-to-hand combat techniques required to subdue you.”
“Sex and blood are deeply connected in this,” Faith said quietly, “If we do this against next week, I’ll need more than blood.”
Gabriel appeared sheepish, “Castiel needs to occupy a female vessel, to learn what to expect,” he admitted, “Faith is here to host Castiel and teach him. If her body is not suitable because she is half-Vampire, he could learn from you.”
“Oh, Hell No!” Gabriel hissed.
Dean excused himself a few minutes later, muttering that idiot Angels were exhausting.
“Shut-up, Cas,” Dean advised wearily.
“Yes,” Castiel called back, his wings retracting as he spoke.
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel while keeping his eyes on the Archangel, “I don’t think you can understand without experiencing,” he said ominously.
“How do I get rid of it?”
“Good choice,” Gabriel said with that smug smile.
Castiel fell heavily, his knees bending and his wings flaring to absorb the impact. The smell of Hell was unmistakable, and the sounds of the screams registered a moment later.
Gabriel reached out to touch Castiel’s arm, “A few hours, most likely. I won’t leave until he is back on his feet.”
“Hi Gabriel, is Cas okay?” Sam asked worriedly.
“That should have been a blatant clue that your orders were wrong,” Castiel said flatly.
“I’ll do it,” Jane offered.
The glare Castiel levelled at his brother made Faith giggle. Gabriel chose to ignore this silent warning, as he always did, “I guess Faith and your vessel are distantly related; they probably had a common ancestor seven or eight generations ago.”
The movie was a good distraction, though Gabriel heard the silent communications loudly enough to frown at the Hobbits.
Castiel couldn’t speak. The guilt of her actions while acting as God ate away at her insides.
“That does make sense,” Sam conceded, “They’re so different, it’s hard to imagine them being so close.”
“Father duplicated Martin’s body for me,” Inias explained nervously, “He was only fifteen last year, which seemed too young, so I possessed his uncle instead.”
“How did I get here?” Sam asked languidly.
“No; the changes are not that complete; Father didn’t give me a uterus,” Castiel explained, “Considering how painful birth is, I’m relieved it can’t happen.”
Gabriel regretted following Chuck’s orders to share six years of memory highlights with the Dhampir.
“It’s on the agenda, though?” Meg prompted.
“We have to convince him to reabsorb his Grace and leave his vessel long enough for me to drastically alter it,” Gabriel explained, “The process will take a while.”
“You’re not particularly sober at the moment.”
The idea of Gabriel taking an interest in Sam made Lucifer growl.
Crowley doubted that God was happy about anything related to Hell. As the Archangel had the power to rip him into little chunks and then sent the pieces into space, Crowley chose not to argue.
Chuck appeared in an instant, his scruffy beard and calm smile at odds with his power.
Sam kept one arm around Faith and used the other as a makeshift pillow. He felt the light touch of Gabriel’s Grace before he shifted to a familiar dreamscape.
“Do you have a point, Gabriel?” Castiel asked icily, “You are upsetting my human.”
“And Father brought me back; to you,” Samandriel insisted.
“What’s the catch?” Dean wondered aloud, “You’re being too cooperative.”
“You’re different now; I can tell you are as attached to Sam as you are to Michael! You’ve let him in, and you’ve allowed yourself to care,” Chuck explained, “Don’t you want another chance? This Sam will always suffer from the instinctual fear of you, but the Sam from that point in the past doesn’t carry those scars.”
“I just found out that I could be responsible for killing so many Angels, we end up on the verge of extinction,” Castiel said bitterly, “Factor in last year and I am the worst mass-murderer in the history of the world, including Lucifer.”
“Would my brain explode?” Dean asked worriedly.
Gabriel waited until both Hunters were out of sight before his sneaky grin re-emerged.
“We all make mistakes, that’s part of Free Will.”
“I don’t know.”
“I said I would release Sam, which I will,” Matthias clarified, “And I won’t hurt Dean if you cooperate.”
Dean had moved toward Cas automatically, only to be yelled at by the Archangel. The flash of light in Gabriel’s eyes had stopped the Hunter in his tracks. Appearing back at the bunker in the room Cas occupied had only added to the disorientation.
“Try not to start making out, you two!” Gabriel teased before he left the room.
Sam was desperately curious to know why she was staring at him with wide eyes. Gabriel held out his hand to offer the memories to the Hunter. Sam considered the silent offer and knew he had to accept. He nodded and closed his eyes.
“Did you bring back many others?” Sam asked curiously.
“I’ll show you what I mean,” Chuck offered. He clicked his fingers and a man appeared, glaring at Chuck with black eyes.
to burn out some eyes, you could.”
Balthazar was clearly disturbed by the loss, “If he recovers, I will be back to discuss my death.”
“Sam thinks we should go to the gym and beat each other up, human-style,” Lucifer suggested.
“Which is why I wanted to leave you out of it,” Gabriel said quietly.
“I’m sorry, I have upset you.”
“In Heaven, Angels are separated into Garrisons,” Castiel explained, “We are like work colleagues. Sometimes, Angels choose to bond in a Flock for comfort and companionship outside of their duties.”
“My Grace should appear as a glowing light; you shouldn’t be able to see it through fabric, and definitely not around Dean,” Castiel said quickly.
Sam glared at his brother, “I was Lucifer’s vessel because I’m as screwed up as he is!”
“You were brought here in January 1958?” Dean prompted.
Gabriel sighed, “I’m worried Castiel will try to kill himself.”
“Seriously?” Sam demanded, clearly exasperated.
“I have memories of being tortured,” Sam said softly, “Did they happen?”
Dean shrugged, “Great metabolism.”
“This is Gabriel,” Dean introduced, “And Samandriel; he’s the one who pulled you out of there.”
“Quit drooling, Romeo,” Gabriel ordered, “I’ll let you out of here if you look after my little sister.”
Castiel was sure he had made an error when tears welled up in her eyes.
Faith decided.
Within an hour the door to Oz was open. Dorothy, Rowena, Meg and Charlie decided to retreat to Oz while Chuck was enacting plans.
“I like the stunned expression you’re wearing,” Faith confided.
“I don’t regret leaving,” Gabriel whispered, “But I am sorry I wasn’t there for all of you.”
“That never happened,” Lucifer said while waving his hand toward the door, “It’s my turn to share Cage memories. I can still feel the pressure demanding I that I be truthful, so I can’t pull any tricks.”
“I don’t get close to males except Sam, unless I’m killing them,” Dean explained before taking another bite of burger.
Dean could feel the burn of the blush across his neck and face, “You dick! You did that on purpose!”
Lucifer didn’t understand why his throat was too tight to speak or why he had to blink away tears.
“Why?”
“No fertility mark for me,” Faith mused, “I assumed as much, or I would have been pregnant decades ago.”
“Faith, this is our brother Samandriel,” Gabriel introduced politely, “Samandriel, this is Faith; Dhampir and mate of Sam Winchester.”
“What about the Werewolf?” Sam asked.
“I brought Faith up to date on your adventures,” Gabriel explained.
Michael realized that his instinctive reply was eerily similar to the summary Lucifer had given.
“I’m fine!” Sam hissed; one hand pressed to his chest.
“Well, Dad decided you have earned one. Think of the previous timeline as a draft,” Gabriel suggested, “I can update your memories, a few years at a time, so you all know what transpired, if you wish?”
“I’m infecting Lucifer with empathy?” Sam realized, shocked by the concept.
Sam tried to initiate a conversation three more times and was repeatedly ignored. He was reminded of a time in a library a year earlier when he had been ignoring the image of Lucifer.
The glare Dean aimed at his brother prevented the teasing Sam wanted to start. Castiel winked at him.
“I believe you.”
“That was Gabriel,” Balthazar said calmly, amused by the way Dean wanted to retreat and cling to his Angel at the same time, “We owed him a favour, hence agreeing to take on two Pets.”
“I should wait until the third date, at least,” Dean joked.
Faith knew sleep was not going to provide a temporary escape. She tried to meditate so the anxiety wouldn’t take control.
Sam pictured the bunker, grasping onto the knowledge that he would be safe there.
“We should ask everyone, including Dean and Sam,” Castiel said tightly, “If they want her here, that’s fine.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Michael glanced at Gabriel, “That’s just rude.”
Jane rolled her eyes, “It’s not as fun to beat you up when I know you enjoy it.”
“For weeks, the pattern continued; a fight followed by you and Adam trying to talk some sense into them. My children are as stubborn as me; so, it was more than a month in Hell-time before Michael would speak with anyone.”
Sam would have fallen on his butt if Chuck hadn’t gripped his arm to stabilize him.
“Father,” Gabriel gasped.
“Why do that if you thought I’d drop you?” Sam teased.
“That seems rather excessive,” Castiel mused.
“You’re as bad as Cas was,” Dean decided, “Maybe that’s the real lesson Chuck wants you to learn?”
Sam snorted, “I bet that went down like a lead balloon.”
“Quit the guilty thoughts,” Gabriel ordered the Winchesters, “In the other timeline, it was over a thousand years. At least he had Michael there to protect him.”
“Who did you bite?” Dean glared at Faith so hard that she flinched.
Faith rubbed the skin which had been irritated by the cuffs. She knew she would heal in minutes, but pain was still annoying.
“I’ll be right out,” Castiel growled.
“Cas, you might want to slow down on the spirits,” Dean advised worriedly.
Castiel hesitated. His offer of comfort had only increased the stress he wanted to alleviate. He was comfortable existing as energy, but it had to be disorienting for Dean.
Faith folded her arms across her chest, “That’s a polite way of saying your life has been insane and you should have broken mentally long ago. You’re messed up, Dean; and it is to be expected. Just accept it.”
Lucifer groaned, “Apparently, I get air-sick.”
“This!” Gabriel waved a hand at Faith, “The way women want to look after you; it’s because you only have eyes for Dean. The whole ‘want what you can’t have’ thing.”
“Yes,” Chuck said enigmatically, “Learning is always better from a direct source. It was a weakness really; I wanted to give Sam a chance at a semi-normal life. He suffered far too much in the Cage.”
Chuck moved forward, his hands out to plead with his son, “I initially gave the Mark of Darkness to Michael; that reality lasted less than a century before Earth was a smoking crater. I tried over ten thousand ways to introduce humanity; they were always slaughtered. I created just as many parallel universes where you, Raphael or Gabriel took the Mark. You don’t want to know how imaginative Gabriel was under
“Father, what should we do now?” Michael asked.
Angels liked to think they ranked above humanity, and Castiel had once assumed this was the case. Interacting with the Winchesters had torn apart his assumption’s multiple times.
“Having all of his Grace back together would assist his healing,” Gabriel added.
“Dare I ask?” Dean wondered.
“We’re not,” Faith agreed, falling onto her back so she could see him, “But we have an excuse.”
Knowing the torture had been mental rather than physical was not comforting. Sam knew he was traumatised and irrevocably scarred. He could not shake the feeling that he would encounter Lucifer again; even in the other timeline, he could not avoid facing his tormentor again.
“And the humans?” the Angel on the left asked blandly.
“Once Paradise on Earth is achieved, Demons can be purified and Hell closed,” Michael explained offhandedly.
“I am a Nephilim,” Jane said simply.
“Don’t knock it until you’ve tried it. I know Daphne was too pious to take advantage of you while your memories were screwed up.”
Rowena, Faith and Meg were discussing witchcraft while Charlie bombarded Dorothy with questions.
Chuck nodded, “Thank-you for even considering it.”
Castiel stared at her brother with tears pricking her eyes, “I have some of the images, thanks to Gabriel, but none of the emotions. Raphael was an enemy, not a brother. I couldn’t reason with him and he demanded obedience like a dictator. No-one shares Grace, though it was supposedly quite common. As far as I know, I had never shown anyone my wings until I was forced to manifest them.”
“Sam is correct,” Gabriel confirmed heavily, “Father sent me back to avoid the birth of a Nephilim in this reality, as he caused chaos and destruction in the previous one.”
Castiel turned to face Jane nervously. The Nephilim glared at him and the air crackled with power.
Lucifer had never felt so awful; not since Michael threw him into the Cage like a piece of rubbish.
In his library, Chuck tapped a pen against his lip thoughtfully.
Charlie was quite interesting, and she was full of questions for both the Angel and Dhampir.
Crowley rolled his eyes, “I’m getting Archangel backing, the tablet translated and a guarantee that neither you nor your brother will attempt the trials to seal Hell. Why wouldn’t I cooperate?”
Jane regarded the Dhampir curiously. Clearly, that conversation had to wait until Castiel retired for the night.
“I’m cold,” Lucifer muttered into Gabriel’s neck.
Michael retreated, thoughts of casting Lucifer into the Cage weighing heavily on him.
Gabriel tossed back his glass of blue liquid, “From what I observed, members of a Flock crave affection from each other. Sleeping becomes a group activity and polygamy is the norm.”
“To most Angels we are ‘mud-monkeys’ or ‘hairless apes’,” Sam pointed out.
Castiel glared at Gabriel, but the hunched shoulders and downcast expression convinced her that the Archangel was not the culprit.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“You’re planning to punch me in the face,” Gabriel pointed out.
AN: Rules of my fic
Gabriel heard the hesitant prayer from Castiel so quietly, he was glad he had tuned out the masses.
“Like the Angel tablet?” Castiel prompted.
“You’ll be drinking alone if you keep talking like that,” Sam warned.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“I think so; it’s like a gently pull in my chest.”
Castiel dragged himself up into a sitting position with his back against the headboard.
“Sam, get another set of handcuffs and meet me in the closest bedroom. I’ve got the Dead Man’s blood ready to go.”
Sam slowed his approach, knowing Dean was correct. The urge to rescue a prisoner needed to be balanced against the risk of interacting with a dangerous, supernatural creature.
Sam felt the icy air slide down his throat, warming as it spread through his body.
Castiel said in his head.
“I wouldn’t let him do that,” Gabriel assured her, “Sam needs to be loved; it’s his biggest weakness. Relax and let it happen.”
Gabriel used his powers to shove both of his brothers into their chairs.
“Sorry, bro; you have to stay for a while,” Gabriel said sympathetically, “Sam won’t lock you away now that he knows it’s a form of torture.”
“I plan to sit back and watch,” Chuck explained, “The bond kicked up a notch when Castiel took you as a host. There’s no stopping it now, and the more you resist, the more it will hurt.”
“Demons were killed by an Angel. It wasn’t anyone we are tracking.”
“Oh,” Michael considered the words before replying, “Gabriel has called me those things, too.”
Castiel staggered to the bathroom, silently hoping that whatever creature was in his head would either leave or kill him.
“Release one of them to return to the bunker for the key,” Castiel suggested, “I won’t fight you.”
Dean retrieved the rope and tied their captive to the chair. By the time Sam returned he was nearly finished.
“I knew he’d manifest to protect you,” Matthias said to Dean, “Did he ever tell you about that handprint on your shoulder?”
Dean decided it was safe to tuck the pillow under his head, instead of using it as a shield.
The edge of a smile on Faith’s face confirmed the Demon’s suspicions.
“Would you like me to explain why your wings are no longer white?” Matthias asked Castiel.
“I like this suit, don’t dirty it with your Neanderthal fists,” Gabriel teased. He caught the next fist thrown at him in one hand and stopped it cold.
Dean’s presence was snuggled in next to Castiel, a reflection of their reality. It was so sweet, Gabriel wanted to throw up on the pair of them.
Sam replied without emotion.
“I don’t like it,” Castiel mused, “I think I’m also embarrassed that I made so many stupid decisions in the original timeline.”
“At least I know where the party is in the first place,” Balthazar retorted.
deserve any of the crap that happened to you, especially the Cage.”
“If you can’t drag him back to Heaven, you fail, right?” Sam laughed, “Is there no lockpick for Angelic handcuffs?”
“I am six years into the future; God sent me back to change a few things,” Gabriel began, “In exchange for memories relevant to you, the creature known as Meg is to be left alone.”
