and he was gone. It was like he was never even there, Dean could hardly believe what he had seen. He wasn’t sure if that really happened, but he did the only thing that felt natural, for the first time in months, for the first time since Purgatory, he closed his eyes and prayed. He prayed to his angel, with some hope that he could hear him.
“We are not going to stop. We will never stop. You may keep us here forever, but we will never stop, we will just keep screaming, just keep waking more of us up and it’ll just keep getting louder and louder. We will not stop until you let us out. That is something that I can promise.”
Luckily, he had woken at a semi-reasonable time this morning. He could see hints of sunlight peaking into the room, he checked the clock beside the bed, seeing that it was just after 5:30 am. Sam was still snoring beside him, but he would probably be up soon, and just a few feet away, there was Cas, once again sitting in the chair, with his gaze focused upon Dean. He looked to be in a bit of a daze, lost in his thoughts, not reacting when Dean shuffled around in the bed.
“I know… and I- I'm trying... I even-” Cas looked down again. “I even told him how I feel and nothing… nothing happened.”
At some point, his anger had turned to sadness and he could now feel the tears stinging his eyes. He tried to hold them back, he couldn’t let them fall, not yet.
Cas narrowed his eyes, and Dean had a feeling that his idea would make the other angry, but it was the only thing he could think of at the moment.
The last parts of the song played and then Dean got up abruptly, walking quickly over to the cassette player and hitting the stop button.
“Oh, I see your confusion. Yes, she was a woman. I guess I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about since you clearly enjoyed having sex so much.”
John’s gaze returned fiercely, causing Dean to wish it hadn’t, because he’d seen that look before. He’d seen it growing up, saw it more times than he would’ve liked.
It was almost midnight when they had finished watching a movie in the den and Dean was now pretty tired. He groaned as he got up from the recliner chair, stretching out his arms and back once he was fully up. Cas got up as well, collecting some of the empty bottles while Dean finished his stretching. Dean picked up the last few things once he was done and then they headed to the kitchen to dispose of the beer bottles and the popcorn bowl that was empty, except for a few kernels bumping around at the bottom.
Cas crawled back on top of Dean, leaning down. Dean felt a hand slowly make its way around his neck at that point, curling around, squeezing slightly, just enough to disrupt his breathing. The noises that came out of Dean, the half-broken moans and whimpers, never before had Cas heard a sound so sinful, so full of pleasure. He didn’t know how to deal with that, but it turned him on even more and he couldn’t take it. He kissed Dean once before reaching out with his other hand, to find the lube he had dropped on the bed, moments ago. Single-handedly he opened the lid, with a
He knows now that any actions he may have taken, any words he might’ve said, they all would’ve been for Dean’s benefit. It wouldn’t have been for Cas, or done with any consideration of the angel and how he might be feeling. He had just come back from the dead for God's sake. Springing some huge love confession on him then, just so Dean could get it out wouldn't have been fair to him. It would’ve been selfish.
“Just fucking fuck me already. Please.” Dean was begging now. He was begging his angel. He didn’t know he needed this so much until now.
Hesitantly, Cas placed his hand around the doorknob, he wanted to knock, but he didn’t want to wake Dean if he was still sleeping. Slowly the door creaked open, spilling a sliver of light from the hallway into the dark room. He opened it just enough for him to slip through the doorway and into the room so the light wouldn’t quite hit Dean. He heard a quiet sniffle as he slowly shut the door willing it not to creak as he did so. Thankfully, it went smoothly without a sound, seemingly listening to his prayer. With a sigh of relief, Cas shuffled closer to Dean’s bed, heading over to the right side, trying to keep his feet light on the floor.
“Why don’t you sit here tonight? While I sleep.” Dean said this before actually thinking it over in his head. The words seemed to surprise him a little, and they also seemed to surprise Cas.
Dean stopped for a moment, still half resting on Cas, when a thought occurred to him “Where are Sam and Jack?”
Dean waited. He felt like he had been waiting for hours when in reality it had probably only been under thirty minutes. He had gotten up at some point and was pacing around the room.
By the time they were done putting everything in its place, Dean was feeling a bit hungry. He really could go for a good burger right about now, so the only option seemed to be to make one. Sure, it would take some time to do it from scratch but the taste to come was one that was well worth it. Off he went, set on his mission to make some burgers, wanting to make enough for everyone.
They decided to take advantage of this, of their missed opportunities, and make sure that Jack didn’t miss out on the things that they did. Jack was especially excited about the idea of a real Christmas, with a tree and all, seeing as this was going to be his first real Christmas. They wanted him to remember it, they wanted him to feel loved and part of the family, because, after all, he was.
“I don’t know if that makes sense but I could feel you, almost as if I was you, Dean. I could feel the pain you were in, the emptiness… I couldn’t stand it. I just- I was so worried. I needed to come back, to make sure that you were okay.”
“Maybe you’re right… just- if something happens, if you notice something… just promise that you’ll let me know, alright?”
As he rushed out of the kitchen and to the stairs leading to the bunker’s door, he felt hopeful for just a few moments, because maybe if Cas was back, everything could be okay. As long as Cas was back, everything would be okay. They might not have had an actual plan for defeating Chuck, but with Cas back, that almost didn’t matter to Dean, not right now anyways, they’d figure it out, together.
Cas was ashamed to admit that his hips began to stutter really fucking soon but by that point he had lost all control, he wasn’t able to stop himself. The anticipation that led up to this event really was not helping at all.
Okay, I'm really sorry about this, but it's kinda necessary for what's gonna happen in the next few chapters. Things will start to look a bit more hopeful within the next two chapters so hopefully, you can bear with me until then!
to be exact. He almost didn’t believe his eyes at first, but as he took a few steps closer, he realized that in fact, his eyes were not playing tricks on him.
He pulled Akobel aside when he first woke up, he needed to explain what happened and why it happened. Castiel, like the others, had been fooled by Ishim, he had deceived them and used his rank to fabricate a story, which they all blindly believed. This death was one that Castiel felt a great deal of guilt over. It had caused several deaths, one most notably, of an innocent child, as well as the deaths of Benjamin, Mirabel and the other members of the garrison. It also contributed to the loss of a woman's soul, Lily Sunder, the woman whose life was destroyed and who became consumed by revenge. Castiel also tried to reassure him that in the end, Ishim hadn’t gotten away with it, it may have taken years, but eventually, he got what he deserved.
“Hey, Cas, don’t worry about it. It’s really fine. This has been kinda fun actually, just having you around, it’s nice.”
That comment seemed to burst whatever bubble of pride and fondness Dean had welled up inside of him, bringing him back to the reality that involved him hanging like bait in front of a sassy angel.
Then Cas was taking a few quick steps toward him, till Dean was stuck between Cas and the map table. He was so close,
Dean swallows his mouthful of eggs, grabbing the ketchup bottle and sliding it over to Jack, “Come on kid, don’t listen to Sammy. He has no idea what he’s talking about.”
Once the girl let go of Cas, she turned back to her parents, excitedly showing them what he had given her. They smiled at him, mouthing a silent thank you before walking to where everyone else was now gathered so they could begin to head out.
“He uh, he told me how I- I changed him, about how he- his whole outlook was changed...because of me...”
A light flush painted Cas cheeks at that, feeling a bit embarrassed at the way he’d completely shut out what was going on around him. “Sorry…”
It had been snowing steadily for the past few days, so the snow was starting to pile up outside. Dean decided he should probably go out and shovel some of it away. He wanted to start with their porch, it wrapped around a large chunk of the cabin. Dean had found Cas out there several times already throughout the week, but he hadn’t been going out as much since the heavier snowfall started. Cas had said it was peaceful, he liked to think out there. Dean decided to head on out after he finished what was left in his cup.
“Alright,” Cas murmured, giving the guinea pig one last soft glance before looking back at Dean. “Guess we should get going then. Did you find everything?’
Dean asked Cas to pick up the tongs this time to check the bacon, he told Cas it was time to flip it over, so Cas flipped over every piece in the pan.
“Excuse me?” Dean asked, offended. “Obsession? I am not obsessed. No. Teen girls with Tumblr accounts are obsessed. I am a grown-ass man.”
Fortunately, Sam had finally found a new case for them in Rochester, Minnesota. It wasn’t too far away, less than half a day's drive, so at least they wouldn’t be crammed in the car together too long. Based on the news article and police reports that he managed to find, he had already begun thinking that it might be a werewolf. There had been two bodies found so far, about a week apart, in a park. Both had been found with their hearts torn out, but neither was during a full moon, so it couldn’t be just any ordinary werewolf if that’s what it was.
“Dean… it’s okay…” Cas said as he removed his fingers and leaned down, putting his forehead against Dean’s, and kissing him softly.
But speaking of worry, Cas was worried about Dean. That seemed to be a normal thing now, for everyone to worry about Dean. It seemed to be the one constant. Someone always paying attention, keeping one eye on him, that person now usually being Cas, as they went about their day.
Cas cut him off with a hand to his thigh, grabbing his attention instantly. Dean looked over at him, seeing those bright blue eyes focused only on him, but he couldn’t look for long.
“You,” he said bluntly, before realizing he should probably elaborate. “I mean- I just don’t understand how you’re here. I mean I’m thrilled about it and I’m not trying to accuse you of hiding things from us, but some of it just doesn’t make sense. Like first of all, how did you even wake up? The first time it took Jack to do it and you didn’t mention anything about Jack helping out so-”
Cas got the sudden urge to be able to face Dean, with him looking back. Pulling out, Cas then grabbed Dean by the shoulder, pulling him back up so that he was standing and then spun him around.
“I think we’ll have a grand old time, John,” she said with a smirk. “Maybe I could introduce you to my son.”
“You know, maybe he would have been right to be furious, to yell at me, to hit me… Maybe I deserved it. I always messed up, I couldn’t seem to do anything right. Maybe it was just because I was there, because I was in the wrong place at the wrong time, but I don’t know… A lot of the time it felt as if he was… angry or something with me, disappointed, disgusted at times, even if nothing had happened, even if I hadn’t done anything. I didn’t know why, I didn’t understand why he would do that, why he would hurt me, but I thought I deserved it, I must have. Why would he have done that if I didn’t?”
Maybe it hurt Dean a little that Cas never felt like he could be open about it, about something so personal to him, but he’d never let anyone know that. It’s not like Cas should have told him, it wasn’t really something that Dean had the right to know or had any business in.
In the photo, Cas was sitting in the Impala and wearing that absurd cowboy hat that Dean had made him wear for the case. At least, that’s the reason that Dean had given him for having to wear the hat. Even now, Cas still didn’t see the point in him having to wear it, yet he did back then, and maybe it had a little to do with the smile Dean got on his face when Cas let him put it on him.
Cas was staring very intensely at what Dean was doing, it looked like he should’ve been solving the world’s biggest problems, not figuring out how to crack an egg.
It had become a bit easier not having the angel breathing down his neck while he was still trying to figure out what the hell his brain was doing with all these dreams and new thoughts about his friend, but it was still hard. He wasn’t sure why this was all happening or what it meant. And even if it did mean something for him, that didn’t mean it would mean anything for Cas, he was an angel and there didn’t seem to be any desire on his part for anything more with anyone, let alone Dean. This whole train of thought seemed hopeless, yet he couldn’t stop his thoughts from wandering out of control and to some not so innocent things.
Dean didn’t think he could get any happier, but then Cas said that and he was consumed with joy and love for the angel laying beside him.
‘And whose fault is that,” Cas countered, trying to ignore the feeling of Dean’s ass now pressing up against him as he half carried him over to a place where he could sit and take a better look at what exactly was wrong.
As he got closer, the words got clearer and clearer. He kept walking until he heard Cas say something that made him freeze.
This was too much, but still, Jack hadn’t told him why he was so different. His concern was growing more and more out of control by the second.
“Nothing… I just- Dean and I…” Cas let out a sigh, running a hand down his face. “I guess we probably didn’t leave things in the best way- or I guess I didn’t give an opportunity for things to be left in the best way for us. Before I died.”
“Dean...why are you putting ketchup on your eggs…?” Jack looks confused, he even does that little head tilt that he swears he learned from Cas.
He bounded over to Cas, sniffing him until he was satisfied and then proceeded to nuzzle at Cas’ hand until he started to pet him.
Dean wasn’t sure what was about to happen next, but he was damn sure that it was a hell of a lot more than the nothing that followed because suddenly, his phone was ringing in his pocket, breaking them both out of whatever the hell was just happening.
Blushing at that, Dean could feel his cheeks warm up as the angel continued to watch him from where he sat.
“Dean, is everything alright? You’re acting very strange, and you’ve almost dropped that plate twice now.”
Castiel told them a lot. He told them about how he escaped, how he managed to find his way back to Earth, he told them who he came back with, at least the ones he knew. He also explained how Jack had taken over in heaven and the work they had done for them, that Jack wanted to do this one last thing for them, he left out the details, but he made sure they knew that it was now a heaven they could be at peace in, He told them about how he saw Mary in heaven and Bobby too, and how they were happy there and how John was no longer there. He also told them what Jack had asked him to tell them, how he was sorry, that he missed them.
Dean felt Cas start to move his lips against his own. He couldn’t believe what was happening. He was kissing his best friend, a dude, and he was kissing him back. This was not what friends were supposed to be doing and this was not at all how Dean thought the day was going to go.
Then, before he could even register what was happening, he was coming as well, unable to control himself after witnessing the sight before him and the goddamn unholy noises that were erupting from the angel who was only a few meters away. All rational thought was thrown out the window then, Dean’s brain going blank and completely forgetting the need to be as quiet as possible because he was not supposed to be there.
“I ain’t leaving you, I don’t care what I hear about Sammy. He’s good now, I know that, you know that. I ain’t leaving.”
Dean allowed his forehead to rest outside the bathroom wall. He was not proud of all the feelings that seemed to rush downward when he helped Cas change his shirt. He almost thought Cas could feel his
“Nah man, you can stay here with mom. If me and Sammy need you, we’ll call, this part should be routine.”
Before he could finish the sentence, light pink lips were crashing onto his own. His arms pulled the angel closer to him. Cas was everything he imagined he would be; he was love, passion, safety, and complete and total warmth. He was everything. Everything Dean wanted. Cas was kissing him tenderly, but it was soon becoming heated, needy, as hands began roaming and moving under shirts.
“I appreciate your letting me off the hook, but I uh… I need to explain myself. I… this is so fucking important to me, Cas. You – I just, can we?”
Dean Winchester, because he is not the best with emotions, especially without a bottle of whiskey, thought the best approach to dealing with the Angel he called into his room before dawn would be an indirect one.
Castiel attempts to smile warmly, but sorely misses the mark. He intruded upon the Christ’s Heaven, a crime punishable by death, a death not even lived.
“Yeah, right. I ain’t ever got to do the whole date thing. Fuck, all my relationships were one-night stands, or started from one night stands.”
Sam looked though her tapes carefully. The Eagles, Hank Williams, Don Williams, Journey, The Beatles, The Hollies.
Dean smiles and looks down bashfully, he looks back up to see Cas advancing toward him. He has to swallow forcefully as the angel is wearing a black dress shirt, black slacks (that were definitely not too tight thank you very much) and a silver tie that was a color Dean imagined was running throughout the angel’s wings.
“No, you, you said you weren’t mature enough for our marriage then. That neither of us were, but I never let go of you Hannah, not really.”
Cas looks back and forth and puts his head in his hands. “Counsel usually means consulting other angels.”
Dean shifts more at Cas’s use of his name. It just sounded so damn good on those pale pink lips. Dean clears his throat slightly, nods, and walks to the door.
He searched for Sam’s soul, willed himself to look beyond the flesh at the real, at what mattered. What he was eventually able to see saddened him and broke a part of him he didn’t know could be broken. The Righteous Man’s brother’s soul was
“Dude, no it’s not. I mean, yeah, this, us, is new, but your feelings or whatever are important, and they were then, I just didn’t think you had any.”
“When has that stopped you?” Dean looked at Cas with admiration and a hint of pride. He picked at the label on his bottle of beer trying to hide the fear that his friend, his best friend, would run off with this chick to train her or whatever. Dean hated it when Cas was gone. He’d rather have the Angel watching Netflix than ever leave, although he never admitted to that. He always messed up when it came to Cas, always goading him into using his powers for their benefit. Always encouraging him to get off the bench and back in the game, and to clean up his mess. But honestly? Deep down, inside a part of his soul hidden even from his Angel, Dean wanted nothing more than to sit on that bench with him for the rest of their existence.
Victoria had never known that to happen to her before, she assumed that’s why her eyes burned when she first woke up. Their eyes only lit from Grace, so what could possibly have been behind hers? She tried to brush the fear from her mind as she focused on the Angel.
Castiel closes his eyes, turns his cheek slightly into the palm of the Son, and flies back to the green room.
The man whose wound was tended looks to the physician in horror, his eyes holding pain and fear. “I have that not, dear Sir. I can give you two quadrans.”
“Yeah, why didn’t you mention that before?” So, here it comes, the Dean Winchester response for not knowing how to deal with his emotions to/toward/for the Angel. Blame. Push him away, slightly, this wasn’t a time for the forceful push/anger, wasn’t needed.
in Sam’s soul, and a type of joy spreads throughout his grace, causing a rare species of orchid to bloom in a greenhouse in Atlanta.
Cas is completely at a loss for words, and he has to focus before he can take a bite. It was good, but Dean was much more enthralling. Cas realizes he is biting the corner of his lip and makes himself pull his eyes away from Dean’s face as he finishes his slice.
The angel stands next to his brother, watching the King write on tanned leather in front of them. They move to stand behind him as he addresses his consort who asked the King why he was writing.
“Sammy’s strong enough to kill Lilith, releasing our fallen brother, who will fight Michael, we’ll win, and then paradise.”
Chuck moves his jaw slightly to one side as he looks at the beings in front of him. Where did he go wrong? Was it that whole ‘free-will’ thing? I mean, okay, that was kinda sorta a delusion, but come on, they still made their own choices, I mean look at those two.
“John, he understands now.” Mary pauses to smile, a memory prominent on the forefront of her mind. “When you first took me back to the bunker, I saw it. Cas was so, he was so happy to see you were alive. He held you like you were the only thing that mattered. And Dean…”
The young angel shirks at the presence of Michael, but Gabriel stands resolute, wings unfurled and proud.
The Void ponders the very fabric of his existence. He fingers one of the tears gently, pulling back slightly on the material that makes up his form. The tear opens further, causing pain to shoot up his arm. He winces slightly, as the wooden tip of the pipe is held taunt between perfect, gritted teeth.
He felt the Angel nod. “Yes, perhaps it was the connection made so long ago when I rebuilt you. Perhaps it is my grace that still lingers on your arm. Perhaps it is simply my love for you, that radiates throughout my grace in such strong waves other Angels, and some demons, feel the need to comment on it.”
Dean closes his eyes as he remembers the state of the trees surrounding his grave in Pontiac, Illinois.
Cas picked his phone back up and tapped on his messages and texted Dean, the man whose name alone brought a smile to his lips and a tingle to his skin.
I really hope y'all enjoy this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it. I would love to hear from y'all, it always warms my heart to see y'alls comments and kudos. Thank you so, so much and I hope you enjoy!
“Which is not always better.” She cocked an eyebrow at him, causing the hunter to flush ever slightly.
“I would like to express that those sentiments go both ways. I ingested the entirety of an after-world, released Leviathans, betrayed you and Sam, broke Sam’s wall, and you chose to forgive me, essentially without question.”
Although Dean knew beyond a shadow of any doubt he was head over heels for the handsome angel beside him, said Angel still annoyed the hell out of him at times.
Dean offers his date a mischievous grin as he stands up and holds out his hand. “May I have this dance?”
Thank you so, so much for reading!! I would LOVE, LOVE, LOVE to hear from y'all!! Comments warm my heart. I appreciate kudos and subscriptions so much too y'all. Y'all are seriously the best and I cannot thank you enough for choosing to read this story.
Chuck puts his hand on the angel’s shoulder, which Castiel did not fully understand. He looked to the prophet then, and the man removed his hand as tentatively as he placed it.
Dean finds tears escaping his eyes as well, and he and Cas are standing in front of the bed they have shared for a series of glorious days, shirts untucked, ties slightly undone, crying and smiling.
“Umm, Dean, put down the pie, it’s seven in the morning.” Sam was walking toward Dean slowly as if Dean had a weapon.
“Dude, you gotta explain more than that. You want me to get him to stop, we’ve already been over that, but you said he did it to save us, so…”
Cas smiles slightly as he once more snuggles into Dean’s chest. The other man readily replacing his arms.
“I only wanted the money, I didn’t do anything to anybody.” He begins to cry and Castiel watches with interest as Dean’s lip settles and his nostrils flare minutely.
Dean squirmed under the gaze seconds ago he was longing for. His Cas wasn’t so astute or fucking forward.
Thank you so much for the kudos! They mean so much as the writer of this story! I hope you all enjoy this chapter.
His angel looks to him then, dark blue eyes piercing, a hint of grace behind them that leaves Dean speechless.
Victoria changed into regular clothes before slipping her coat back on. She looked at her phone and saw she had a text message. She preferred texting over talking. She didn’t like talking on the phone, or otherwise. Pesky younger Winchester, getting her to open up. And pesky unique, beautiful angel questioning everything she thought she knew about the Heavenly Host. She sat down on the edge of the bed before reading it.
Chuck’s head goes from shoulder to shoulder as he pretends to look like he’s contemplating something. “You’re right. Next time, I won’t pull strings, plant characters, people, whatever. I want this to sell all on its own, by its own merits. But you know, it’d be a shame if it had a tragic ending.”
“Uh, I’m not sure how the grace failing thing works exactly Cas, but I can cook us some food maybe? The fridge is stocked.”
Sam rises, and raises his arm towards them. Dean flinches and moves aside as the demon inhabiting Amelia Novak appears behind them. Sam easily exorcises the demon, causing the woman to cough.
Dean slightly laughed. “Of course not kid, but uh, your Uncle here seems to, so, maybe we’ll both watch our F-bombs, huh?”
She instantly knew that Dean Winchester had a lot of deep-seated Father issues from that averted gaze. She quickly got back on track, she tried to avoid feelings whenever possible. Human emotions, human entanglements were just so, messy.
Dean had the desk assembled in ten minutes and looked at the bookshelf box. He smiled faintly as he began opening the long ends.
“It’s an honor to meet you, Chuck.” He meant it, did the angel. It was rare for an Angel to meet a prophet, especially in a vessel.
Victoria felt nothing. Her hope was gone. She wasn’t an ordinary woman and losing the one friend who she knew without a shadow of a doubt cared for her regardless of who or how she was caused her to feel hollow.
“I swear Sammy, I’m mad as hell about this.” Dean points his finger towards his brother. “This is some of the shittiest shit you’ve done.”
Dean opens his eyes to find his angel staring blankly at the ceiling. He huffs out a laugh as he realizes Cas’s arm is still protectively around him.
Sam stifles a laugh because it reminds him of how his brother pronounced the name of the actor that played Cas in that weird-ass alternate Universe where the supernatural didn’t exist.
I have taken a very long break from this story and I appreciate you, dear readers, so much for waiting. Life has been stressful and this past semester was a struggle.
Bobby smiles behind his mug. He’d been through a lot with Dean, helped get the kid through that breakup with Lee, and wanted that boy to be so damn happy it was sickening. And if Bobby was being honest with himself, he kinda seemed that way with Cas. He’d only ever seen Dean that proud of two people in his entire life: Sam and Lee. Cas was throwing his hat in the ring and Bobby was gonna hope for the best.
To be fair, it was. How was he reassembled, atom by atom, wavelength by wavelength? In truth, there could only be one answer, one being with that much power.
Victoria looked at Dean and pulled a Kimber 1911 9mm with a 5-inch barrel out of the pocket of her coat. She took out the clip, pulled the slide back to make sure it was empty and handed it to Dean.
The year after they defeated the Darkness was one in which Sam felt like an intruder on the two. Dean was the happiest he’d ever seen. They got mom and Cas back, Yeah, a lot of things went to shit, but this was the year Sam was sure Dean was gonna wreck the car because the two of them were having one of their squabbles in the car. Dean was mad about the Angel killing Billie for them because of Cosmic consequences. Cas had admitted his love for Dean, and the rest of them.
The Seraph looks to his commander and notices a wistful look in one of his sister’s eyes. His grace is drawn to her, and they form a connection at appendages the humans might refer to as hands, grace intwined.
Dean noticed the man’s bedroom door was open, but Cas wasn’t in there. He walked around looking for him, shrugged, and went to make coffee. He smiled broadly when he saw Cas’s note, the already made coffee, and his favorite mug. He wondered which of his beloved restaurants he would choose for dinner; Cas only deserved the best Atlanta and Dean had to offer.
His name from those lips was a truth being spoken by a holy man during a sermon. The name was a worship from lips Dean now knew were his. Lips he himself had a type of worship for. Lips that enjoyed exploring every inch of his body. Lips he held between his own in a type of reverence, disbelief they were actually on his.
Cas obliges, and Dean begins to play with his hair with one hand and picks his book back up with the other.
“I just couldn’t stay there anymore, the west coast. I knew I needed a fresh start, but I’m used to bigger cities, so, I decided on here.”
“For as long as you know me, and for as long as I will be fortunate enough to be in your existence, I will never betray your confidence. What I learned, or what I was privy too, was information I should not have known. Your thoughts, your feelings, your beautiful emotions swirling within your Grace, are no business of mine.”
“So, uh, formal dinner tonight?” Dean takes a swig of his beer and uses the bottle to indicate Cas’s jeans.
“Dean, when Jack was dead the first time, and in Heaven, I made a deal with the Empty to get him back.”
“Michael will have him secured in Heaven, so I suggest you two go back up there and do your jobs. Correctly this time.”
Castiel was accustomed to hearing prayers. He was the angel of several things, and prayers were offered up to him on fairly regular occasion. He would pray for those who prayed to him and would intervene when allowed. A prayer to an angel is a curious thing. They have the ability to process prayers as they go about their normal activities in Heaven, or as guardians on earth. An angel’s brain, or the equivalent, is not the same as a human’s. There are different filters along their wavelengths that enable them to think multiple things at a time, each through a different process.
Cas didn’t move as Dean expertly fixed his tie. Their eyes met and a warmth and familiarity along with a need to be in each other’s orbit spread throughout them. Their gaze was interrupted when Claire pushed past her uncle into the house.
Dean smiled, “Yeah, we did. Do you want to call and check on her before we get to the witnesses’ house? I’m kinda worried about what Cas has her watching, dude watches some weird crap.” Dean didn’t care to admit that most of the weird crap was only suggested by Netflix because of Dean’s weird crap. Nor did he care to admit that the moments spent watching whatever Dean wanted with the Angel were among the most content in Dean’s life. Hell no he wasn’t gonna admit that crap. He was just educating Cas on pop culture is all, nothing more. And yeah. Maybe he enjoyed watching the stuff with the Angel, but that was only because he was his best friend, just like watching something with Sam. But why did it feel the tiniest bit different with Cas?
“Well, Sam, people or things that are put on pedestals have a tendency to fall off.” Cas smiled sadly with a look of experience.
“Good to see you, brother.” The man with the Cajun accent and black fisherman’s cap pulled Dean to him in a tight embrace.
Castiel focuses his energy on the waves and says in his true angelic form, “Dean Winchester, you are the Righteous Man, do not fear for you have been chosen.”
The Angel Castiel walks for months before reaching the edge of the other side of Hell. The side for preparing souls to torture. Castiel can feel the hopelessness in the atmosphere, he almost chokes on it. It presents as a type of fog that Castiel struggles to breathe through. He first stumbles upon a demon named Aristede training a new cadet.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Movie, Book, Song, Website, and/or App referenced in this story.
“Okay, so event number one, then Marv, who…” Sam picks up the file folder with the MIT results of Marv “consisted of nothing? The hell?”
“We believe it’s you, Dean. Not your brother. The only question for us is whether you’re willing to accept it. Stand up and accept your role. You are the one who will stop it.”
And that did it. Dean suddenly eased back into the comfort the two of them always shared. He smiles, pointing to Cas with his burger.
He felt her before he saw her. When he turned around and looked at her form – her true form behind the vessel - something once again began to itch, and the angel felt tired.
Castiel shrugs, his blue eyes narrowing. He knew Dean was probably looking for him by now and hoped the man wouldn’t do something stupid.
There was heat, a tremendous amount of it, and Dean responded angrily. The grace began to undulate under the skin of his vessel, and a very small, insubstantial earthquake took place in the Sahara Desert.
The Void walks closer to John with a tilted head. “You are so full of anger and hate, you are quite a pathetic creature, even by humanity’s standards.”
“Okie dokie, so uh, let’s get to the part where Zachariah tells you, Cas, about the alternate reality he created for the boys, and uh, where you intervene to save me.”
He pulls Cas to him and toward a more open spot in the kitchen. Cas laughs and moves along with him.
“Aww, Cas, man, no, okay? Look, we have nice fake digs, so let’s make the most of it okay? Sammy’s safe, he doesn’t think anything’s happened to us, so he ain’t gonna do nothing stupid.”
Sam shook his head and focused once more on the body. “There are definitely bite marks.” He opened another drawer while Victoria looked at the files.
? The angel’s hesitation lasted for such an insignificant amount of time a human would miss it – and one did.
“I feel this is very sudden. I usually make three pies for a man before he asks me to move in with him.”
he had for each. Dean was so much more than a weapon, so much more than a body. He was soul, and that soul was beautiful. But he was no longer in command, no longer in charge. Orders.
Dean chuckles. “Sure you are feathers. You some kind of new torture program? I mean, gotta admit, pretty easy on the eyes, but, other than that…” Dean clicks his tongue, tries to hide the shake in his hand, but is unsuccessful.
. Cas internally chuckled, this man was not holding back. Cas figured he was embarrassed about his attire the last time they met. The professor wondered if they would even last an entire week without falling into bed together.
“Think about it, Dean. Ellen, Jo, Bobby? I’m not saying they’ll be alive in this timeline, for all we know these two could create another type of alternate universe or something, but don’t they deserve a chance in Castiel’s world?”
Anger and grief flood the Seraphim, causing Castiel to retort, to frighten. He moves closer to the hunter, encroaching his space. Dean’s stare rivals his own. Castiel feels the heat between them, and assumes it is his grace undulating with frustration.
Chuck disappears and Cas sits up. He is sitting sideways on the couch with his head held in his hands.
Cas appears to be asleep when Dean makes it back to bed, and the hunter wonders how he can mimic a position that was as comfortable as their previous one. Cas is a beautiful sight to behold, t-shirt and pajama pants, hair all mussed from sleep, stubble, eyelashes fluttering against the slightly purplish skin underneath his eye. Dean is entranced. He marvels not only at the sight before him, but how he got here, in spite of all the obstacles. Tears sting and threaten emerald eyes.
This chapter covers 4.02 "Are you there God? It's me Dean Winchester" and 4.03 "In the Beginning." It is a very long chapter and I apologize for its length. There were so many things going on in both episodes that it ended up being far longer than I expected. And those moments mixed in with the moments with Chuck and Cas and Dean in the beach house just created a very lengthy chapter. I do so hope you all enjoy it, I cannot thank you enough for choosing to read this tale.
Castiel can sense him more than anything, the demon. He knows he is in the funeral home with Dean. He looks Heavenward, willing the host to act quickly. He sees a light that appears as a smiting, but knows it is simply a retrieval. The holiness of the host’s actions erases the warding, allowing Castiel entrance.
Dean’s eyes turn from anger to sadness. “No, I didn’t tell him enough, that’s for damn sure. He left me, Sam.”
Mary also made Dean go to Victoria’s car to get her bag. Dean thought about driving it around for a little while, thought better of it and headed back inside.
“My grace has been failing, yes. However, I am inclined to believe that doing some of the human things my vessel normally needs grace to make up for has caused my grace to regenerate.”
And that made Dean want to take Cas back outside and show him just how spacious the backseat of a 67’ Chevy could be.
Dean practically gasps when Cas comes into the kitchen. The man is wearing a dark blue unbuttoned Henley and light wash jeans, causing Dean to look down at his raggedy t-shirt and sweats.
Victoria read Castiel’s mind for a clue, just a clue, she shut the Supernatural hearing off as soon as she got it. “Lucifer? You think Satan is looking for a vessel?”
Victoria debated on whether or not to discuss that matter further, but she wasn’t given a choice. Sam continued to speak. She concluded these gentlemen had a lot of emotional issues. That made her uncomfortable.
“It can be embarrassing.” Hannah thought it was all types of embarrassing and didn’t want Castiel to mention it in any setting. Cas was used to the distaste.
Castiel hums a greeting and begins to drag his lips along Dean’s muscles, working his way up to Dean’s jaw. He stops at Dean’s lips and their eyes meet, not only in passion, but complete understanding – as if they are one.
Uriel stills and sighs. Castiel once more regards the humanity in front of him. He thinks once more of Dean, of his soul.
He hears a ‘whirring’ afar and follows the noise. A large fan built into the roof of the abandoned factory hums above him in steady rhythm. His eyes hold flames as a circle of holy oil is lit around him. The angel draws in his wings from another plane, so their feathers will not feel the scorching heat.
“So.” Zachariah claps his hands in front of him as he looks to Castiel and Uriel. “I take it you learned your lesson about not obeying, huh soldier?”
Patience looks around the store with only a handful of customers. “You need help with anything besides cherries? Help out my boredom?”
Dean winced, the feeling of Cas’s blows leaving phantom pain across his cheeks. A pain Cas healed as soon as the connection to Naomi was broken.
“Ah.” Dean mutters, sipping from his favorite mug that Cas bought him that says, ‘World’s best husband’. “He’s taking that better than I thought.”
Jo comes into the kitchen, Victor following behind in a nice suit. He nods to everyone in the room. His eyes narrow at Castiel for a moment before he turns his attention back to Dean.
Dean took his brother’s words to heart, and in all honesty he wasn’t wrong. He didn’t know what this was with Cas, but he thought it had the potential to be something. Maybe, possibly. He knew their hug was something, he knew it was something real, something true, something that made him feel so safe, warm, cared for, important, that it had to be the realest thing he ever felt. And the compliment that Cas just casually laid on him like it wasn’t the most heartfelt thing Dean ever experienced in his life had to mean something. But there was time to see if it was in fact, something. That was way too many emotions to just express, however, so Dean covered with humor, something the man was exceptional at.
Castiel’s flight was almost instantaneous. He grabbed Dean by the arm and brought him here, the man an unwilling participant in his fate. Castiel felt
Castiel looks to his friend, a companion who has remained steadfast over the years. He is almost willing the angel to be kind, offer support. He can tell the angel is struggling with his words.
Luke looks to his sandaled feet as they continue to walk. “I have heard of you, many doubt your claims, in spite of your miracles.”
Dean’s leg begins to bounce and Cas squeezes once, twice, three times, before Dean calms it. If Dean was being honest with himself, which he typically didn’t allow himself to be, he would say he would enjoy being completely enveloped by Cas at this point. Chuck’s little game of ‘Cas’s story’ was tearing off bits of his heart, or soul. Revelations were coming too quickly, too intensely, and he was still riding the emotions of purgatory. He knew Cas must really fucking love him to forgive him so readily. Fuck, the guy volunteered to drag his sorry ass out of hell. And he knew Cas loved him, because the angel told him in that barn where he was dying. ‘I love you. I love all of you.’ The ‘all of you’ offered after Dean couldn’t choke out a response because he was a fucking coward. But leaning into Cas’s side, allowing the angel to wrap his arm around him would be a sign of weakness in front of Chuck, and he wasn’t going to show any weakness in front of that dick.
Nostalgia hits the angel in the pit of his grace, and he gives Dean the smile the man was waiting for all morning.
Castiel feels a type of response in his grace, the red blooming deep inside calling to the man’s soul, but it doesn’t respond, it won’t. Perhaps, Castiel muses, it
Victoria pulled out a red handkerchief from her coat pocket. She wiped off her hands as she stood. She put the handkerchief back in her pocket and turned to face the men.
A fallen Winchester meant nothing to Zachariah, especially not with a soul like his. The angel would probably think of it as some sort of cleansing.
Dean nods, his eyes focusing on a grain of salt left on the table from the previous occupants of the booth. When he finally looks back up, he swallows at the expression on Cas’s face.
Castiel recounts the events of "It's the Great Pumpkin, Sam Winchester" to Chuck. Dean cooks, and bonding occurs over Netflix.
Sam looks concerned. He scowls as his brother pulls a candy bar out of his nightstand and begins eating it. Dean catches his eyes and shrugs.
Dean never thought Cas would be the normal one. He also never thought the angel would be planting kisses along his neck, making his speech slurred and lazy.
At the Royal Sonesta Hotel in New Orleans, a self-important high-ranking demon sips the Jazz Playhouse’s selection of Johnny Walker Blue. His eyes look around languidly, feigning disinterest as a singer descends from the stage amid a hearty applause following her rendition of
“Know of our siblings taking credit for your victory? Come now brother, do you think I do not know the host? And you will tell him that, the Righteous Man?”
“I meant actual sleep, but yeah, I mean, of course other things are gonna go down on that bed. And on the couch, living room rug, maybe kitchen counter, the possibilities are endless.”
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Shows, Books, Movies, Songs, Websites, Brands, and/or any Apps used in this tale.
Dean’s eyes glistened as he handed the book back to Cas as if it were a fragile piece of hand-blown glass.
“Pretty sure that won’t happen, Cas. But if you don’t want me to go with you, I completely understand.” Dean was not ever going to push his company on someone who didn’t want it.
Castiel knows Dean well enough to know his doubt, his self-loathing, his lack of confidence when it comes to him, and he stops him before he can continue.
“Yeah, I have a friend that lives here.” She began walking around. “Nice house. Which room would be Cas’s?”
Castiel looks towards the voice of his sister. His grace settles, serene blue flowing throughout his form.
Her uncle scowled at her as she wrote down the number on the little slip of paper the store provided.
Balthazar’s eyes widen slightly as he takes a sip of his drink. Castiel takes the motion as an indication to continue.
Now Dean considers intervening, but then Cas changes their positions, the ex-angel pinning the younger version of his husband to the wall.
And the monsters who were born evil? Well, those were left to a certain red-headed witch. And these monsters were not always creatures – sometimes they were humans, and those were the scariest of all. Choice was a big thing to TFW 2.0, and Rowena shared their convictions.
“Dean, I am afraid I do not understand why the younger version of you thought it was important to mention him, especially if…”
Castiel crouches, taking Dean with him and uses the propulsion to take flight, his wings flapping every so often. His flight is effortless, streamlined, and perfect. He feels the hordes of Hell at his feet and wills himself to go faster.
“I… admire your work.” Castiel thinks to all the books he consumed about his champion, and a very slight smile plays upon pale pink lips. He averts his gaze to the collection he sees in the house, near him. He picks up one of the books he sees sitting open on the top of the shelf and thumbs through it.
Castiel laments the breaking of the seal, but he does not lament Dean’s choice. He goes to visit Dean in a park, admiring the hunter’s penchant for scenery. He revels in the knowledge Dean can sense him, much the same way he can sense Dean.
Dean doesn’t say a word as he walks towards the room with the cart full of instrumentations of torture, determination in his shoulders. Cas feels the red bloom and a sliver of his grace’s hope die simultaneously.
“You did everything too right. Look man, your dad’s gonna be here soon, and if we kept that up, I wouldn’t have been able to quit, and we woulda ended up…”
Dean blows air out through his mouth, “Uh, younger me left pretty much because Sammy just told him we were a thing, a serious thing, and he freaked out. So, it wasn’t really a brotherly moment. I mean of course, Sammy is supportive and younger me could see that, so having that reaffirmed wasn’t gonna help. Just like I always have, he needed you.”
Fuck it all, Dean had nerves. Actual nerves. He tried for the smile, but it seemed to be failing him. His palms began to sweat, and he could only nod as he followed Cas.
with the being grumpily making coffee in front of him to have the angel ripped out from underneath him, and leave Dean grief-stricken and useless in his wake.
There he is, the Righteous Man. If Castiel knew how to make his vessel smirk, he would have taken the opportunity.
Sam thought about how useful she would be on hunts, and how much more good they could do now. Sam lived for doing good, secretly hoping it outweighed all the bad.
Jack nods as he tears off another piece of his candy. “Yup. But usually Castiel didn’t come in demanding to speak to angels he killed.”
“But you know what? If you were to wave that magic time-traveling wand of yours and we had to do it all over again, I’d make the same call.”
Castiel’s grace untangles itself, emerging from the pit to flow throughout his form in anxious waves, knowing he will once again disappoint the man in front of him, lessening the faith Dean just now decided to show.
Cas has a nightmare and Dean comforts him, the Void makes a journey and meets with one of his minions, Balthazar pops in, and Sam comes over for dinner.
“You don’t get it do you? Still, after we rearranged every wavelength, after we removed the memories, you are still a broken angel who came out with a crack in his chassis.”
Dean glowered at his brother. Yeah, Cas took some getting used to but now he was family. Their family. And Dean lo…. Dean needed the angel. Yup, needed. Always needed. He enjoyed his cluelessness, enjoyed teaching him about pop culture, enjoyed explaining references. He truly never wanted him to change.
“These people…” Castiel leans forward to regard the children and their guardians more intently. “They’re all my father’s creations. They’re works of art. And yet… even though you stopped Samhain, the seal was broken, and we are one step closer to Hell on earth for all creation.”
after revealing the grand plan, and Zachariah didn’t want to deal with it himself – so he delegated.
Castiel allows his eyes to find the floor as Sam and Anna realize Dean was the one who gave away their location. His eyes remain there as Dean turns to Anna and whispers:
He puts the pillow in Cas’s lap and lays so that the angel can stroke his hair. This was the day Cas fell for him and Dean wanted to relish every moment.
Cas sighed. The voice with the pleasant accent both sending vibrations of excitement and apprehension throughout his body.
“Whoever this extraordinary person is, in no way deserves you, you absolutely wonderful human being.” The seraph meant every word, it was said with a sincerity he wasn’t fully aware he was capable of, but one look at the professor told him his message wasn’t received in the manner it was intended.
He broke the gaze when he heard a small cough behind the man. And there was his stalker, same blue eyes as the man.
Sam looks at the clock in the kitchen and back at his brother. “So, uh, Dean probably isn’t going to be cooking tonight, so we can either go out or we can order pizza. Cas said Castiel won’t wake up till the morning, so we should be good there.”
“I am the Son of the great I Am. Some call me a prophet, some the Messiah. I am here to save that which was lost.”
“Dean, in all of our years together we have hurt one another deeply, yet we always find our way back. When you told me that I was dead to you and that I was always the something that went wrong, I felt as if my whole world was shattered, because to me, it was. I had lost Jack, my son, our son, and your mother, who I grew very close to. I had no one, no purpose, so, I decided to go fishing, as you so often did in your dreams. And as you did with Jack before he died the first time. I thought it might bring me peace, but I only found that when I brutally killed a djinn and saved a boy. It was then I learned I needed to get back into the game, because I do help.”
” and Sam thought that was the worst choice of words he ever heard. And Dean? Dean looked relieved, lost, hurt, and sad all at the same time. Sam couldn’t help but wonder what happened, again.
Well, there must have been pepper in the air because Dean definitely wasn’t crying from those words. “Shit, Cas. How have I been so stupid all these years?”
Sam closes the back. “Yeah, I guess you should probably have him over for dinner sooner rather than later.”
The angel looks up in wonder at the man in front of him. Awe and wonder. He nods his head slightly. He did in fact “seal the deal” but not to any personal satisfaction. In fact, he felt
“I feel you will learn more how my vessel works without a soul today during my recollections. However, I shall try to explain as best I can without the memories being pulled to the forefront of my mind.”
The angel sits atop a mountain, attempting to feel the cold wind hit his vessel’s face. He finds he is unable to feel completely. He sits, cross-legged on a peak, thousands of feet above civilization, feeling above it all. Snow blows arounds him, an unmovable object in an ever-changing world. Unique snowflakes land on black eyelashes, melting slowly as the angel makes a study of all their points, each a unique design much like the people below him.
“I only punch things because it is an outlet, Cas. Me and you? This? I’m genuinely good. And uh, I don’t know, maybe, you know when things are uh… When we’ve talked some more… Or uh, spent more time… When we’ve both been uh…”
Cas becomes slightly uncomfortable at the look Dean is giving him because he can’t decipher it. He looks up, away from Dean’s gaze and begins to explain. “I know you said I could take you out for pie, but I thought since you were so gracious to…”
I am overwhelmed by y'alls reception of this fic. I cannot tell you how much your kudos, subscriptions, and your lovely comments have meant to me. Thank you so, so much lovely and wonderful readers. You are beyond fantastic. Your comments and kudos have helped me not only to write but in other areas of my life as well. It has been a difficult past few months and when I would think of how lovely yall's comments have been, they helped me immensely Thank you so much!!
Alistair smiles in a particularly disturbing fashion, a motion that only takes half of his mouth, in a sick prevision of a snarl.
The light blue shirt with rolled up sleeves exposing strong, tan forearms was not lost on the green-eyed man. Neither were the jeans that hugged in all the right places. He found his eyes averting a great deal and tried to focus on the girl instead of her uncle.
Castiel can see the hope in Dean’s eyes, it is a spark behind the beginnings of tears in earnest, emerald eyes.
Angels being murdered was almost unheard of, they were cosmic beings of great power, and they were essentially without weakness. Demons systematically killing them was unheard of, and the idea of demonic angelic killings was almost bizarre; and yet, here they were.
Why indeed. Because he was ordered. No, that wasn’t it. Because Dean caused his grace to erupt in the best type of flame, and he wanted to feel that constantly. He needed to feel that. And yet, he disappointed Dean at every turn – causing pain to be mixed with the elation.
Without really even thinking, because if he had he definitely wouldn’t have done it, he reaches out towards the hand he knows is just there. He finds the edges of the stupid fucking trench coat that he actually secretly loves, fingers the edges slightly, before finding a home in Castiel’s palm. The angel’s fingers freeze for just a moment, and then slowly, warmly, lace with his own. And there it is, everything.
Castiel wishes the man would have more faith in himself, but he knows the self-loathing runs deep, he can feel it, see it. He pauses, and Cas hopes maybe Dean will see himself for the champion Castiel knows he can be.
Castiel replaces the blade, grips Dean tightly once more, and continues his flight from Hell. Once they break the surface, Castiel cries:
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Shows, Books, Movies, Songs, Webpages, Websites, and/or Apps mentioned in this tale.
“Okay.” Chuck claps his hands together and rubs them. He picks his laptop up off the table, crosses his legs underneath him, and sets to type. “Lazarus Rising, take two.”
He wants to say no, wants to say we can make new days, you and me, like you offered when you took my hand. But he can’t, he’s scared, he runs cold, and a small population of fish that are only found in the Amazon river find their way to other streams.
With a snap, an existence that lasted for millennia is snuffed out, leaving nothing but an exploded vessel behind.
“As I am a soul, I am bound to my Heaven until the end times, and not the end times our impatient siblings decided upon, but the one written by our Father. Dean may very well be Michael’s true vessel, and although I and our Father are one, I do not know what has become of him, and I do not know what course he intended for us to take. I cannot advise you where that is concerned, friend.”
Claire looked at Sam. “You really can call him Cas, Sam. And yeah, he’s an okay one too, I mean, to be so old.”
With a knife kept tucked in his waistband, the creature releases the ropes keeping the humans captive. Two of the humans are already corpses, and the nothingness’s human nose crinkles in disgust.
Cas’s eyes take on a sinful gleam as he undoes the buckle on Dean’s belt. He slides it out of the loops and tosses it on the floor. He watches Dean’s Adam’s apple as the man swallows. He pushes up the hem of Dean’s t-shirt and pulls it over Dean’s head, Dean helping him by raising his arms. Cas begins kissing Dean’s lips and then moves to his chin, down his neck, his chest, torso, and stops just below his belly button. He looks up at Dean, a smirk playing on the right side of his lips and Dean can’t remember being this turned on ever.
Dean cleared his throat and rubbed his hand down his chin. This was not how he was expecting this night to go. “All right, all right. Why do you care about me and Sam so much? Don’t put this on your grace or whatever. Because you were like this with borrowed grace, your grace, or human. Hell, you even cared when you were stuffed full of souls. You apologized when you were god, man.”
Victoria looked back at Sam. “If you or Dean find yourself captured, we will still take down the nest. If you die or suffer grievous injury Castiel will bring you back.”  It seemed simple enough of a plan to the consulting detective.
Maybe his alter did. Maybe his alter didn’t tell his Cas that he was the reason everything went wrong. Maybe
“Okay, that was a no-no to the head honchos upstairs, but you dragged him out of Hell, so whatever, and you dragged him out
For their third date, I have included links to the songs Dean uses in his playlist for Cas. If you have been kind enough to read any of my other fics, you will probably recognize one of the songs. I appear to be quite a sucker for that song. :-)
The Seraph appears behind a distraught Dean as the man is attempting to once more call his brother. Castiel knows he will not be able to reach him, as the room was not designed to be a full prison, inescapable, a trap.
Dean answers the door in his bathrobe, still in his hotdog pajama pants. Claire looks at him strangely.
Thank you all so, so much for the kudos, bookmarks, subscriptions, and comments!! Oh my goodness, they make my day, seriously. I cannot thank y'all enough for the love you've showed this fic!!
But letting Sam Winchester, the boy with the demon blood, out? What was the means to this end? Should he know? Was this something he was not allowed to know? Was this above his pay grade? Why did he even know that term?
Cas looked at his friend and smiled, “They are very rare. The fact you stumbled across one is well, amazing. I never thought to mention their existence before because I knew we would likely never meet one.”
, and not monsters. Dean didn’t even flinch. He really hoped the man he so readily adored was not some type of psychopath.
“Well, that explains the muscles, the fighting skills, and the knife skills.” His eyes hold something else as he asks, “How are you with guns?”
Zachariah places one of his tendrils on the cart, recoils, and wipes the tendril on a cloth that was hanging on the cart’s side.
“I was afraid you would feel differently about Sam, I did not have the best grasp of human emotion back then. I now know nothing could make you feel differently about Sam.”
“It’s strange… strange how… a leaky pipe can undo the work of angels, when we ourselves… are supposed to be the agents of fate.”
Cas squeezed his hand as he looked at his hunter. “Angel’s grace lays bare their emotions. My love for you is apparent in a type of color, crimson to be exact. I hid it deep within my grace when I first pulled you out of hell. Your soul was so bright I fell in love with you immediately, but now the color flows freely throughout my form.”
“But, son, I kinda get the feeling that your existence begins and ends with Dean Winchester, not me.”
A seraph created from a star in constant eruption with the colors of platinum, ebony, and sapphire blue watch as his charge tips over a plaster angel, making it fall and shatter into a hundred pieces on the floor.
“Sargent Withers, these men will be helping me with your case. Their fees will need to be paid in cash. I will send you a bill when we are through. Your crew can clean whatever it is they can clean, and I will contact you if I need to.” The Sargent simply nodded.
Dean allows a small moan to escape his throat and Cas scoots them back until they are against the wall. Cas continues to kiss Dean’s neck and settles on a spot that will hidden by Dean’s t-shirt.
“Jack knew me when he was in the womb, yes, and he did miss me. But he couldn’t miss me entirely because he had never truly known me, not like he does now. He heard you that night, heard your pain, knew you resented him for my death. And he felt your soul call out to me, my grace, but it couldn’t reach as it had done so many times before. So, his grace responded to it, and he called out for me, waking me up. Not for himself, not for his soul, but for yours.”
The confusion was not leaving, and Dean realized this was the guy who did not understand why Dean was upset he left Gabriel in his room alone to extract his grace. He was going to have to explain.
Gabriel turns one of his heads towards the heavens, a tinge of resoluteness apparent in all his eyes. “Then you shall stay with me, Castiel.”
. Castiel thinks, often wondering the same thing himself, but never dare uttering such a phrase. Blasphemy was not treated kindly in Heaven. He begins to tell Dean what he was taught.
“I believe it is happening to both of us my love. We want, we yearn, we know what we have can transcend any universe, any box of time, any pocket universe, but we also know that this, this ideal, isn’t real, and we so wish for it to be real.”
Thank you all so much for all of the comments, kudos, subscriptions, and bookmarks. They warm my heart and make me smile, I cannot tell you how much I appreciate all of them!
Dean wakes up slowly, agonizingly, every imaginable thing either aches, throbs, or wants to hurl. He turns his head to see a trench-coated figure staring at him.
Their eyes meet intently once more, and without asking permission, but simply taking the man he was risking everything for
Dean propped himself up on his elbow to look at Cas’s face. He traced Cas’s angular jawline with his forefinger. He moved his head to the other man’s and gently kissed his lips. He pulled away and studied the blue orbs.
“You seem to be quite enamored with the story of how I fell for you, and we haven’t even gotten to the best part.”
One angel, in the back of the congregation, stands, black, dark blue, and platinum wings unfurled, grace steady with the color of resolution and righteous pride: emerald green.
Dean figured the Angel wasn’t going to pull punches in this emotionally charged conversation and he was right.
, and she had to do what she thought was right by her son. Benny thought Dean missed the kid more than Lisa.
The gang looks for and finds younger Dean. Both Deans and Now Cas have a talk, and Sam is along for the ride.
Victoria went over in her head the occurrences of the last twenty-four hours. She had met an Angel who came with two hunters, one of whom was severely attached to the Seraph, whether he realized it or not. She needed the Angel but didn’t want the two hunters. Not full time at least. However, she could tell it was a package deal, dear Lord above was it ever a package deal. She couldn’t have one without all three. She couldn’t fathom how codependent they all were.
Dean lost his inhibitions. He reached out and pulled Cas into a hug. A bone-crushing, emotional hug. Cas put one hand at the nape of Dean’s neck and the other on his back, rubbing up and down. His head was buried into the space between Dean’s neck and his shoulder. Dean had one hand on the small of Cas’s back and the other tangled up in the hair on the head that was resting on his shoulder. He buried his head into the hair on the side of Cas’s head, allowing the man’s raven tresses to catch his tears.
stitching together the tears even tighter. He looks to the pile of dust in front of him and sighs as he brushes off his palms.
Cas breaks away breathless, and Dean is impressed he was able to draw breath from a celestial being.
A couple of minutes of silence passed before Dean spoke again. “What do you think we’re dealing with?”
“Dean offered to make the sale so we could catch the perpetrator in an act of fraud. As soon as the check was signed, the perp was apprehended. Dean later testified in court.”
Zachariah folds his hands in front of him. “Because of Dean Winchester, again. So yeah, you can’t heal him, got it?”
And what about after he got out of purgatory, and came out of the bathroom all clean? Yeah, that was definite attraction. And he always made up some excuse to touch the man’s clothes, and him in general. And he watched as he undid his buttons before going on that ‘date’ with Nora. Yeah, there was attraction there. And was he really even fully straight? There was that stuff that was a ‘mistake’ back at that bar on the non-werepire case that he definitely enjoyed. So maybe no, the dick didn’t matter. And of course, this wasn’t gonna be a one and done, this was Cas, and Cas had his back and he would take things as slow as Dean wanted and Dean was so safe with him, but…
Dean returns the embrace and kisses Cas’s forehead. “I like the kid. She’s a good one, and she loves you, so uh… of course I care about her.”
Dean raises his hand to get the waitress’s attention. He orders another whiskey. She raises a quizzical eyebrow at Cas, and he nods. She takes the glass away and soon returns with another.
Cas licks his lower lip and extends thousands of tendrils of grace – each reassembling the shards, creating a whole, much the same way he reunited the pieces of a man over a decade ago.
“I believe I was hurt because I was under the impression you did not think of me like that back then. I thought what you said to Castiel in the kitchen was to console him, I didn’t really believe it was true.”
. She would not challenge that, she would lose. She could not imagine just how bad she would lose. She needed him, so she needed them. She thought they could have a symbiotic relationship.
The other sister, Kushiel, who Castiel knows as the angel of punishment, walks to an empty wall and cuts the hand of her vessel, drawing blood. She begins to paint in long swoops. Castiel recognizes the sigil immediately.
Cas smiled, “No, it is a nickname given to me by Dean. My name is Castiel.” She could feel the invisible string tighten and wondered how the Hunter ever managed untangling himself from it.
Dean takes a sip of his coffee in order to break the intense gaze. “I need you, and now, what, if you’re happy ‘poof’ you’re gone?”
Cas hummed in agreement. “Two, Jack’s grace is not his own. At the beginning it was Lucifer’s, still is in some regards, it is regenerating, and now it is Michael’s. Jack’s grace was not created simply for him. Just as humans are their souls, Angels are their grace. We are the equivalent of souls, energy running free and rampant. Our true forms are streams of energy. Our grace reveals the truths about ourselves, and other angels can easily get a read on who we are from a simple look. Although, some angels have learned how to hide things within our grace. So, Jack has had to adapt to using and feeling grace that he was not born with, and this grace works in conjunction with his soul because he is a Nephilim. The two are required to keep him in balance, his life force strong. When he was without his soul, he wasn’t who he was meant to be. Not that that is an excuse. As I have told him.”
“No, Dean. You know exactly who I am. I am the being who admitted to loving you not so long ago and you said nothing. You know your words hurt me, and yet you say them anyway. I have forgiven you, and I love you, but Sam is right, our tension should be resolved before we go up against Chuck.”
The seraph interrupts his superior, an action he was hesitant to do of late. “He is a good man, his soul is…”
Cas rolled his eyes. “You were most familiar with this vessel. And I have only been resurrected to help you.”
And before her Uncle could protest, Claire Novak, in her spirited youth, bounced out of her seat and out of the restaurant.
Dean put his phone back down and rubbed his forehead. He wished Jo would’ve stayed to watch a movie or some sappy shit, but girl ‘scored’ at the wedding and Dean in her back seat was cramping her style.
“Of course! Still wanting to do the handmade crust? Cream pies are kinda involved, so maybe a frozen would be better?”
Castiel looks to the empty bed in which Sam is supposed to lay. A queen bed in a crappy motel room next to his brother. He was meant to be in that bed, but he wasn’t, not tonight. Castiel knew why, he hated why, and he hated that Dean must know as well. But if anyone could stop it, Dean could.
Dean puts his hands on either side of Cas’s waist. Cas puts one of his hands on Dean’s shoulder, and he puts the other hand on the nape of Dean’s neck, rubbing his thumb up and down.
Victoria screamed in pain and fell out of her chair. When she woke up her eyes burned momentarily, and she was on a bed with the Winchesters all staring down at her. She felt fine somehow, which she didn’t know was possible with all that information in her head. Millenia of information from a fallen Angel, an angel that fell not because of humanity, but for it.
“What makes you say that?” He wonders, truly. Did Dean not feel him, his presence, their connection?
Victoria, once she had gathered her senses, wondered if she had stumbled into an alternate universe titled, “Leave it to the Winchesters”.
Ancient eyes that typically hold amusement or wrath, hold something very different. There is no twinkling, no burning, they are almost as if they are dead – looking at nothing, holding nothing, seeing nothing, just there, vacant, staring.
And now there was a fucking angel next to him crying over the sappy shit in front of him. An angel he asked another version of his future self about, “
Dean moves closer to Uriel to emphasize his next words, and Castiel swelled with pride for his charge.
Dean’s eyes narrow as he leans forward, his and the angel’s knees almost touching. Castiel can feel it then, with Dean. The heat that seems to always be there when the two of them are close. His grace responds with tendrils reaching out toward the handprint he was so fond of. He could sense it, feel it, commune with it.
Dean knew this was a hard story for Cas to tell, and he knew it was going to only get more difficult. The angel had barely scratched the surface. He pulled Cas into him when they sat back down. He was kinda embarrassed at first for the action in front of Chuck, but he soon realized he didn’t care all that much. Cas needed him, and Dean was gonna be here.
Chuck nods, his lips pursed comically. “Uh, yeah, well, his grace is regenerating, and I’ve just never seen that happen before.”
It was at that moment Dean noticed Cas was eating. “Cas, what are you doing? I thought everything tasted like molecules and that was ‘unsettling’.” Dean’s attempt at air quotes almost made him drop his pie. He sat on the stool next to Cas to prevent any accidents.
He watches as Dean looks around, exasperated. He looks distraught. Castiel feels as if he perhaps should care, but the emotion evades him. The angel can tell the moment Dean feels him as the hunter turns around, angrily of course.
Dean shakes his head and rubs his hand over his mouth. “His name is Cas, and uh, really impressed Benny.”
Jack looks thoughtful as he takes a bite of his apple. Past Dean really wants to take it from his hands and chuck it across the room. He would get so much satisfaction from that.
Chuck raises his eyebrow, and Dean shakes his head quickly to focus only on Cas. “Yeah, man, our son, and I know I would’ve probably done the same thing, but man, I…”
“Dean, this… us… is new. But you never need to apologize for finding comfort in me. I rather enjoy it, knowing I can provide you with something you have provided for me for years.”
Dean kicks the chair out, and Cas sits down. A waitress soon approaches him, eyes him up and down, and takes his drink order.
“He’s a dumbass sometimes. He’s totally in love with this guy, but they got into a fight and Cas left. I think they’re good now though. He got back yesterday afternoon sometime and I only now heard from him.”
Castiel shakes his head minutely as he looks at the top of the bar. He runs the fingernail of his forefinger in a groove someone carved with a pocketknife in order to make good on a dare.
“Think about it? I mean, I know you two kinda had a thing, and it just seems right. She’s all human and vulnerable now, it’d be a shame if, I don’t know, she were to be hurt before being killed.”
“Well then, I am letting you be in charge of our first official kiss.” He leans forward and plants gentle kisses along Dean’s jawline, the man’s stubble tickling the sensitive skin. “But, I do not see why we cannot work within other parameters.” He moves from his jaw to his neck and begins trailing his lips up and down.
Castiel looks at Sam, eyes glossy. “I…” He takes a deep breath he doesn’t need. “I was prepared for fornication with women, this particular turn of events affected me more than I knew I was capable of.”
Bobby walks over to them and puts his hand on Ellen’s shoulder. “It’s good being here, ain’t it boy?”
If he were, his father, the creator who believed in and loved humanity, would Dean Winchester be suffering in a hospital right now?
Castiel knew he was ordered not to fully heal Dean, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t bend the rules a little. He healed him enough so he would no longer need to be intubated, but the bruises and cuts were still present on his pristine face.
“You can take your peace… and shove it up your lily-white ass. ‘Cause I’ll take the pain and the guilt. I’ll even take Sam as is. It’s a lot better than being some Stepford bitch in Paradise. This is simple Cas!”
A slight cough from the corner takes his attention as he releases John and drops the duffel next to one of the beds.
“Yeah, she’s a good one. So uh, Sammy’s really into salads and shit, so I was thinking we could do that.”
“No, you sure as hell weren’t. Never apologize for shit like that with me, man. I mean, typically that’s how I operate.”
Dean had to work the last three days of the week at the garage and Cas filled his time with looking up easy pie recipes and researching for his books. He created detailed instructions in order to make a fool-proof confection. He decides his first attempt will be with cherries. He knows they are going to be in season, and fruit is meaningful and symbolic. As is chocolate, but he had fifteen months. Cas planned for their pie date to be at home, surprising Dean when he got home one day.
Dean, Cas, and Claire bond while getting an early lunch. Dean and Cas visit the botanical gardens, and bond even further. A new presence also emerges, unbeknownst to humanity.
“Alright, if I do this, then the family curse breaks, right? Mom and Dad live happily ever after, and – and, Sam and I grow up playing little league and chasing tail?”
Hannah feels a presence again and is shaken out of her reverie when she sees a copy of herself in front of her. She scrambles over the back of the couch, and quickly arrives at her desk. She pulls a .38 Smith and Wesson revolver out of the bottom drawer and aims it at the creature. Her mind quickly processes what Castiel taught her regarding creatures that could emulate someone’s form.
Cas was covered in Marv, blood streaming down from a gash on his eyebrow and intermingling with the muck.
Cas reached his hand towards Dean’s face and cupped his cheek, his thumb tracing the stubble. Dean almost forgot how to breathe, his breath hitching and lips slightly parted.
Sam smirked as he watched his brother’s face. He didn’t know what would become of them and this girl, but so far, he was enjoying the ride. Victoria closed the case and went to sit across from Cas. Sam and Dean followed. Cas turned the TV off as he looked to Victoria.
So, after watching the finale last week, I know how this tale is going to end when we have gone through the episodes (which will be quite the journey). Our tale, please remember dear readers, will be a happy one. Dean and Cas are most assuredly going to end up together, this I promise. And happily as well. :-) I couldn't write them and have them any other way.
Sam is reading Cas’s notes for his past self, the tiniest trace of tears in his eyes, in the library when Castiel sits across from him. He regards him with that particular stare that is just so
Mary comes running out to the car, and Dean fucking loses it. He gets out of the driver’s side and envelops her in his arms.
Extensive and Expansive. Two words his little brother Sammy would have been proud of him for using. Sammy, whose wedding Dean had just gotten back from. Sammy, who found the girl of his dreams at Stanford. Sammy, who, despite everything Dean dragged him into and through, thrived. With the sentiment came a clarity through the haze. Dean smiled sadly before once more beginning his ad. This must be noted, he was still very, very drunk.
“Well, yeah, you seemed to like it, and I uh thought you might enjoy it at your new home. Even if it's not your home forever, I mean, I know it’s not much but moving into a new place can be…” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, embarrassed.
Castiel can feel a type of joy from Sam, it radiates, and Cas regards him differently. He looks into his soul and sees some of the taint has gone. The crimson circling his soul has lessened and a spark is present in the middle.
He unbuckles the belt and unbuttons Cas’s dress pants. Cas arches up so Dean can better remove them. Dean takes them off cleanly, having to get off the bed, which is annoying to him, as he was so enjoying his position. He once more straddles Cas and moves to the man’s boxers. Cas gasps as Dean takes the waistband in his teeth. Cas arches, and Dean easily slides them off, leaving them around Cas’s knees.
Dean is not amused, but Sam continues. “Oh my God, I even wrote a fanfiction to deal with it, like an outlet. I mean I didn’t get graphic or anything because hello, brother, but I think it was a kiss after a hunt.” Sam continues laughing, ignoring his brother’s stare. “Oh my God, Claire read it at the wedding!!”
Cas chuckles slightly. “When you find yourself hungry, I made you a couple sandwiches and put them in the refrigerator.”
Cas takes their plates into the kitchen and comes back with pie. He carefully cuts two slices, one significantly larger than the other, and puts the bigger slice in front of Dean.
Dean let out a sardonic, self-deprecating laugh. “Yeah, I wouldn’t know. I haven’t had a full-time job since I was eighteen.”
“I understand your lack of faith, Dean, but what if this is a type of second chance? Do you have regrets?”
Dean takes a risk and threads his hand in Cas’s hair. Cas’s body responds slowly at first, but he soon understands where Dean is taking this and he grips Dean’s back tighter.
Sam still had his gun drawn on the vampire. He was thinking about his possible shots. He knew it wouldn’t kill the blood sucker, but it may buy them some time.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Movie, Book, Webpage, Song, and/or App referenced in this tale.
Legend states the star from which Castiel was born illuminated the atoms that would comprise The Righteous Man.
Dean knew she was probably in over her head with this one and felt sorry for her. Normally, he would’ve dumped her and let him and Sammy take it from here. But he kind of liked this girl, for reasons he couldn’t fully put into words, and money was money.
Cas rolls his eyes at Dean as the man insists on spreading the tablecloth on the dining room table and lighting the candles. Normally the two eat at the kitchen island.
“Don’t grapple with it, Cassie. Think about it, I mean look at your pet there. He’s calling his brother, telling him ‘it’s okay’ blah blah blah. But it won’t matter. They are nothing more than cogs in our machine.”
“We know what Azazel did to your brother. What we don't know is why – what his endgame is. He went to great lengths to cover that up.”
Castiel’s grace expands within his limited form at Claire’s voice. He can feel Jimmy’s soul yearn and his grace reacts in a sickening manner, a pull, almost like an invocation, but not supernatural. He does not know much about humanity, but the limited knowledge he does have suggests they require finality. He tries to provide it to the child with the words:
That was right, wasn’t it? What Zachariah had said? Lilith, Lucifer’s first born, yes, that was correct. She was the one to raise the prince of hell and his hound, and instruct them to attack Camael, breaking a seal. Yes, that was the correct information.
The girl’s face lights up with an absolutely beautiful smile. “I thought you were making this for someone. Well, whoever they are, they are lucky.”
With a smile that held more sadness than he cared to show, Cas answered the man with the fabulous ass: “We can go, if that’s all right Dean.”
moan from Dean’s throat. It is right then Cas decides another pie of some fashion will be made very soon. Cas forgets to eat his own slice as he watches the pure elation on his date’s face.
That was the second time in the span of four days similar sentiments were expressed to the eldest Winchester, and he was somewhat moved by the implications of the words, but not enough to change his mind completely.
Castiel grabs his wrist once more and Dean breaks his grip and takes on a fighting stance. “I ain’t going Cas. I don’t deserve to be saved.”
“I have heard of his arrival, but you are on the wrong side of Hell, Angel. Here, the souls are destined to be tortured for all eternity with no respite. On the other side, they keep the souls who are being prepared.”
“Oh, this…” Cas becomes slightly embarrassed, his voice timid: “I was hoping this could perhaps be our pie date?” He pauses, uncertain of Dean’s expression. “However, I can still buy you pie if… or if I used the term date incorrectly…”
Castiel feels Dean’s exasperation and he returns his gaze to him. “And that’s not an expression, Dean. It’s literal. You of all people should appreciate what that means.”
“Look man, that dumbass kid in there, he’s in love with you, he’s just got to unravel a lot of knots, but there ain’t nothing that’ll change how he feels about you. Not one damn thing.”
“I gave them everything they ever wanted, ‘normalcy’, family. And yet…” Zachariah puts the picture back. “They still chose to hunt.” He shrugs, “I just showed them that’s what they truly want, it’s their destiny.”
relationship with Anna, knew what they had done, but he never thought of Cas’s relationship with her. I mean they were angels, he didn’t even think that kind of stuff was possible. Anna made it seem like it wasn’t possible, but here was Cas, full angel, and full of emotion. But Cas was always kind of different, being born of a star and all that. He grips Cas tighter, so damn unbelieving the being was in his arms, and that the being wanted
Dean snorts slightly, disbelief apparent in the action. Cas places his hand on top of his. Dean looks to him.
“I had forgotten how close we were. We…” Cas peers straight in front of him. “She was so unhappy for so long, and I didn’t recognize the signs.” He closes his eyes then and bows his head.
“I am Castiel, an Angel of the Lord, and I am the one who brought your soul forth from Hell, do not fear for you are the Righteous Man.”
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Movie, Book, Webpage, Website, and/or app mentioned in this story.
“In a dream. Dean’s hidden. But, fun story. Ready? He’s authorized to kill Sam if Dean doesn’t give up their location. Fun, huh?”
The angel started to remove his hand, but Dean held it in place. He always appreciated the fact Cas let himself be stopped, because angel strength was no fucking joke.
He heard Cas snicker. “I believe Jack can feel both Angel and human emotion, yes. They are more like colors, Dean, that swirl within our life force.”
Castiel places his small vessel’s hand on Jimmy’s face, his grace flowing from Claire Novak into her father.
Castiel regards him with distaste. “Father created humanity in His image, Uriel. The Son was human. Do these things mean nothing to you?”
Dean barely whispers, but Cas hears, not only because he is a celestial being with super-human hearing, but because he is Castiel listening to Dean Winchester, and Cas could hear a yearning, an unspoken prayer, a murmur, Castiel could hear Dean’s
“He had her card on his workstation with an additional phone number under the work one. Written in a woman’s hand.”
Cas looked down at his hands. “Are you envious?” He had no idea the cord he struck, the concept of Dean’s jealousy having anything to do with him being so foreign it wasn’t even a thought.
I have included a link to the song that inspired the title of this chapter, and quite a bit of this fic. This video is powerful and contains disturbing content: the video itself comes with a warning. It features a gay couple and the discrimination (brutal) they face at the hands of people who believe they are on the side of right. I wanted to issue a warning for the video in case any of y’all wanted to watch it.  It was only while I was looking up the link that I discovered the video since before I had either listened to the song on the radio, or on some other medium where the video wasn’t playing. The video hit me hard, and I had no idea it would tie so completely into this story. The video is intense, and sad, and so incredibly symbolic. If y’all are interested in the video as an artistic medium, here is a link for an analysis of the piece: https://medium.com/thelatespace/hoziers-take-me-to-church-b27663bc516f#:~:text=The%20music%20video%20for%20'Take,many%20parts%20of%20the%20world.
“Believe it or not guys, I’m an adult who knows when he needs rest. So, back off.” He grouches, his stubbornness kicking in. Truthfully, he feels like hammered crap. But he doesn’t want to be treated like a baby or admit that his memory foam mattress is practically calling his name. Dean Winchester does not need to be pitied. Pregnant or not.
“What do you think I’m talking about Sammy? I heard on the grape vine that our very own Dean Winchester is having a kid!” His hands clasp together with a smirk. “And to think Castiel would choose someone with the right equipment, but beggars can’t be choosers.”  He adds in a low voice.
“Nothing much Cas,” He replies in a sour sarcastic tone, “Except for the fact I woke up naked in your bed this morning!” He whisper shouts.
“Hey Cas,” Sam can’t restrain his relief and encases the smaller angel in a hug. Cas takes a beat to adjust but decides to hug back. They pull away and Cas nods to Sam, prompting a greeting.
happened last night. The thoughts that enter his mind don’t give him any confidence. Fragments of muffled moans and nails digging into warm flesh. His hand hesitantly touches his shoulder, a string greeting his touch. Dean mentally scolds himself but heads toward the kitchen down the hall.
Cas nods, “Ah yes, Sam told me earlier. I had wondered where you had run off to.” He pats a hand on his pregnant lover’s back.
“Normal?” Dean’s anger boils over suddenly again, “You’re just telling me about – about  “tenderness”
Throwing the covers back, he invites the awaiting angel. After the rustling of clothing being taken off, Cas wriggles to press his stomach against Dean’s back. An arm is promptly draped over Dean, a lax hand resting against his bump. His hand is warm and safe, as his fingers draw small circles over the curvature of his stomach.
Sam sighs with a small smile as he undoes his shoelaces, “Got it Cas.” He then stops, “Wait, but you sleep with Dean?”
His phone has multiple missed calls from Sam, and previously he left them unread. Untouched. He couldn’t bear the thought of disappointing Sam. He couldn’t burden him with the true gravity of the situation. Was it wrong of him to avoid both the Winchesters like this? His thoughts are cut short as Sam talks.
Dean’s jaw slacks and he scrubs his face with his hands, “No- God Sammy you’re killing me with this! Next you’ll tell me I can’t have pie.”
At the end of the day though, Sam is tired. After a non-stop day of driving and working, the dingy motel room that awaits him is very much welcomed. With Cas trailing behind him, he unlocks the door and slumps down onto one of the two single beds, setting his duffle on the floor.
“Okay? Well then, maybe you should get some rest. It’s quiet at the moment, the perfect time for you to take it easy.”
“I know Dean.” Cas’ gravelly voice emerges from behind the hunter. It startles him, making him frantically wipe away the tears that still cling to his cheeks.
“I think I’ve found a case in Arrow Rock, Missouri. It’s only 5 and a half hours from here.” Sam starts wearily, looking between a disgruntled Dean and expectant Cas. He rotates his laptop to face the two of them, “Get this, so there have been 5 deaths in the last month. All of them involving a “spousal dispute”. One day it’s all sunshine and rainbows and the next, the wife is plunging a knife in her husband’s throat. Each of the vics have the same stab wounds, all from different women.” Sam’s contented smile at his findings is a little concerning.
“No, you didn’t.” Dean sighs, “It’s been 8 years since we first met you and you think I hadn’t thought about it? I just finally had the guts to say something, and you… did it.” Dean’s gaze hasn’t left’s Cas’ as the angel considers the comment.
“Lucifer. Entrance. He knows.” Are the only words that come out of his mouth. The pregnant hunter and angel flash wild looks and follow after Sam down the hallway and into the entrance.
Dean’s breath slips from his lungs unexpectedly. He’s left speechless. Cas is willing to sacrifice himself yet again for him.
Then it happened. His internal world shook. Loud voices calling upon him in their angelic glory. Angel radio rattled around in his head, causing his vision to shake and dizzying his stationary place on the park bench. He could barely hold himself up. He couldn’t make out one single voice. They all chanted in harmony as they rattled through his being.
Sam stutters, not thinking she’d agree to help them out again, “I was wondering if you could offer any help with Dean’s -uh – delivery?” He cringes at the choice of words, but he can’t take them back now.
“So what do we do?” Sam speaks quietly. Not entirely sure who he is asking the question for. Himself or Dean.
Cas’ expression hardens as he considers Dean in front of him. The hunter whispers a string of curses, clearly pointed towards Sam. Closing his eyes, Cas takes a moment to compose himself. He can’t bubble over with anger, so he chooses a calmer tone, “Dean, you cannot hunt in-“
loads of washing this morning.” Dean can’t tell what tone Cas is taking, but he doesn’t like it. He shows his distaste with a scowl directed at his angel. “Which is very justified at this stage in pregnancy.” Cas feels the need to say. But the comment still has Dean narrowing at him.
At that, Naomi throws up her hands, “Alright. But you have gone soft to a humanity that’s not worth saving.”
“Of course Dean. That’s why we have to keep looking.” Dean nods weakly, “Hey, where is Cas anyway? You two are together 24/7 nowadays.” Sam chuckles lightly, much to Dean’s sour expression.
After some more squirming, somehow Dean manages to squeeze himself into the jeans. They’re a little tight, but he’ll take it. “Finally.” He sighs as he sits back up on the bed. But he doesn’t get all the way upright before the fabric tightens and a faint ‘pop’ comes from his waist. The button hits the floor and rolls to a stop in front of his feet. Dean’s jeans are once again unbuttoned. His face reddens, mortified.
Cas struggles to pull his gaze away from Dean’s, but eventually he does, “For now, Heaven is unable to track the Nephilim. Once the child has reached 14 weeks into the gestation period, dean will need to find better means of protection against them. That means that an advanced warding system will need to be put in place.”
Standing in the library, Cas can’t will himself to move any further. A person he knows all too well stands confidently at the base of the stairs, considering their surroundings. Her back is to Cas, but he knows she can sense his presence in the room. His face furrows into a deep frown.
“Yeah. Is there any way you can make it easier?” Dean grunts, his legs and back clearly protesting him being upright for more than 5 minutes. As he stands, a small twinge blooms in his lower belly. He ignores it.
The boys need to enlist some help to keep their unwanted visitors from finding them. Sam calls Rowena for their rescue!
“Peachy,” Dean huffs, but by the look on his face, Cas can sense that there is more to be said. The hunter looks down at the hand on top of his, “I just don’t want you to go.” He mumbles weakly under his breath.
“It’s only a theory. We have to look into every possibility.” Cas reports factually, earning silent praise from Sam.
Adorned in mostly yellow – probably Cas’ doing -, the nursery looks perfect. There is a wooden crib, sitting in the right-hand corner, with the newly made changing table in front of it. Pastel yellow sheets, with a white teddy bear nestled safely in the crib. There is a plush grey comforter behind a small chest of drawers. The chair looks so God damn comfortable. A bee poster is above the changing table – again, probably Cas’ doing – and a selection of books on the shelf above the drawers.
The angel nods slowly before raising his head, “It is difficult for you to understand,” He starts, “But I had to take time myself before comprehending the Nephilim’s existence. The presence of a newly made soul is disorienting and I was unable to tell you in fear of burdening you.”
Cas crosses the room to Dean’s side, placing a hand on his shoulder, “I will do everything in my power to protect them.” He takes a beat, “The angels can’t detect you. We just need to be more careful now that they are taking more notice.”
“Trying to recruit me in a task force to “locate, apprehend, and eliminate” our child.” He puts in air quotes.
Dean meets with Cas in the kitchen. Well, Dean meets with Cas’ back as he shuffles about the kitchen. Despite being an angel, and not being able to eat anything himself, Cas enjoys domesticating himself in the bunker. He reads cook books and is often finding new recipes for Dean to try. Dean holds back a smile at the thought as Cas shuffles to unpack the two grocery bags laid out on the counter.
Dean’s “stomach bug” hasn’t let up, the older Winchester constantly feeling nauseous and grumpy. Sam has tried to offer help multiple times, but to no avail. Dean is too stubborn to accept any help from Sam, complaining that he “Isn’t a child” and “can handle myself thank you very much.”
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas starts, leaning into the gap he had made, bridging them closer, “You’re very kind.” He adds, a hand going to Dean’s face.
Groggily, Dean wakes. The nagging need to pee had drawn him out from his deep sleep. He blinks his eyes open and paws at his face tiredly. Still hazy with sleep, he notices that Cas’ side of the bed is empty and cold. Dismissing that, he slowly heaves himself out of bed to take a leak. He blinks in the light of the hallway, hearing distant chatter.
“Do you like it?” Cas beams. He looks so radiant with the joy on his features. Dean could get drunk off of looking at his face. The crinkling in his eyes, and clear smile on his pink lips.
An anger boils to the surface as Sam puts two and two together in his head, “Wait, so if angels were able to detect the presence… Were you able to detect it?”
“You have no need to take the pills until your pregnancy furthers along, we just bought them for later.” Cas states with a smile. Dean hangs his head, feeling a foreign embarrassment flush his cheeks. Cas hums lowly and places a hand on Dean’s. Dean tries to hide his smile but fails and meets with the angel’s gorgeous face.
As soon as Cas pulls away, Dean almost whines at the absence of the sensation. The softness of his lips pushing against his, the warmth of his mouth. The way their faces fit together and slight rub of Cas’ subtle stubble against his chin. It's better than he ever expected it to be.
Dean wakes to new surroundings. It takes him a moment, but when his eyes adjust, he is in the infirmary. His stomach feels unsettled, but he thickly swallows as he focuses his vision on a worried Cas and Sam.
“Hey.” Dean starts, walking further into the kitchen, making Cas turn to face him. A small smile plays on his lips.
The light has a vague form, one that Cas can’t quite make out. It’s unrecognisable, but not unfamiliar. As he focuses more he starts to
“Time for a beer.” Dean muses as he places the duffle on the front table. Sam nods tiredly and heads to the kitchen, Dean following closely behind him.
“Bitch.” Dean mutters and crosses his arms over his bump, making his stomach look impossibly larger.
They follow the receptionist down the hallway to the sheriff’s office. They enter the office and meet with a short, dark-skinned, heavily pregnant Sheriff Holloway. She lets out a small groan as she stands from her desk, showing off her full form. She looks like she’s due any day now. Sam’s mind short circuits for a moment before he composes himself, extending a hand to join with hers in a handshake.
“Anyway, I found us a case.” He states instead, turning around his screen to face Dean. Dean pipes up his head and hums in agreement, prompting Sam to continue, “Two men were murdered last night in their homes in Andover. No signs of breaking and entering, but get this, both victims had a handful of rocks and twigs stuffed down their throats.”
Dean will never admit it to anyone but as looks through the nursery, tears cloud his vision. Running a hand along the crib he turns to Cas and Sam’s smiling faces.
“We’ve found a whole lot of jack and a bunch of squat.” Sam rubs his eyes tiredly, “There is no mention of a warding strong enough that won’t keep Cas at bay as well as the rest of heaven. And we’ve got less than two weeks until they can track you.”
“Yeah, I guess we did.” Sam blinks, letting the past interaction finally hit him. “Time for a beer.”
She nods with apprehension, the round glasses on her face falling down her crooked nose, “Of course, deary. I was there when we got my Brian cremated. But that was years ago, why would you be asking now?”
“How are you - I thought- Amara yanked you out of Cas.” Sam flusters, his thoughts fumbling quickly from his mouth, “How the hell are you here?”
Surprising even himself, Dean doesn’t shrug her off. He just looks down to his bump, his palm pressing against the steady jolting from within. “Alright, I’ll bite.” He clears his throat, still not able to meet with her gaze, “I feel like hammered crap.” He swallows back the burning tingle of his eyes, “I-I’m just huge. Like I’m a blimp and I still have like eight more weeks of growing to do! Nothing fits right anymore. I can’t go five minutes without having to pee. And the kid is always kickin’ me.” Dean is taken aback by how much he’s sharing. But he’s too worked up to back out now, “My back’s constantly hurting – no matter what the hell I’m doing. And-“ He hiccups a breath, desperately fighting the tears that are willing their way out, “I’m so scared to be dad.” He finally adds, in a cautious whisper.
Adjusting to closeness and protection is still something that Dean needs to work on. It’s foreign, something he’s only shared with few people in his life. So, each new introduction of contact between the two of them feels like the first time. It’s exciting and equally terrifying - surrendering years of seclusion and self-doubt to someone who he cares about. A hell of a lot.
Dean’s body hates him, the older Winchester concludes as his dry heaves echo throughout the toilet bowl. He winces as his stomach cramps from gagging so much. The world spins and his eyes start to blur. He retreats against the wall tiles, his cheeks strained with tears. He truly feels awful. His insides feel like they’re burning, his stomach completely empty. God, how he wishes he could just eat a burger. But even thinking about food could cause him to kneel over again.
He waits until closing to venture down to the basement. It’s eerily quiet as every step he takes echoes loudly against the empty caverns of cement. The dull twinge of Dean’s back is replaced by a thrill that shocks down his spine. Like a shot of adrenalin that brings a smile to his lips. He can’t control the warm feeling that flits inside of him. The itch that he’s had for far too long is finally getting scratched. He picks the lock of the warehouse door and is in within the minute.
“No. It wasn’t.” Dean’s voice is tight as he looks to Cas. Their faces only inches apart. “I just wish I’d said all that crap while I was sober.”
He then lets out another shaky pant, this time bracing a hand to the base of his swollen stomach. Cas’ eyes instinctively travel down to Dean’s hand. He’s panting and struggling a bit. Then a moment passes, and Dean relaxes.
“Dean you don’t have to justify yourself. I took advantage of you.” The slight panic from earlier starts to creep back into his eyes.
Sorry for the lil hiatus for a bit there, but I'm back with my longest chapter yet! This is my take on the classic Winchester "salt and burn" episodes, except with Sam and Cas. It was really fun developing their relationship as friends. It was also surprisingly hard trying to think of a case.
“I thought I was helping you, not giving you a show.” Dean says, jokingly. He shuts up pretty quickly as Cas’ arms wrap around his waist from behind. The gesture is simplistic and soft, his hands resting gently on Dean’s abdomen.
Frantically wiping away the stray tear he didn’t know had slipped, he looks up, now very embarrassed, “…Yes?”
The two of them revel in the steady sound together, connected by the thudding heartbeat of their child. Cas pulls away, tears clinging tightly to his eyes. He heaves a breath, “Thankfully the baby is okay-“
Dean sighs, a hand bracing against his aching back, “You’re lucky we’re desperate here. Where is it?”
The morning comes quickly. And before Sam can really wake up, he is dressed and on the way the Police Department. There is a short stop for a much-needed coffee, but they arrive right on time. Sam carefully parks Baby out the front, making sure she’s locked and in a secure place – he can’t think of anything worse than Dean being on his ass right now. The two false FBI agents stroll into the Police Department flashing their badges to anyone who asks.
Sam winces, “No, and that’s the exact reason we want to help you out. Besides, Rowena’s aiding spell will only last so long and we have no idea how strong it will be.”
Dean just scoffs, “I’m not “nesting”, I’m just doing laundry. Which would be going a lot quicker without your interruption.” He holds up the current shirt for emphasis.
Dean shifts his weight uncomfortably in his seat. The shallow wooden chair isn’t doing anything for his aching back or legs. It’s becoming increasingly difficult to focus on reading. He bites back a groan as a particularly strong jolt from within snags him in the rib. His kid isn’t too happy about being cramped either.
“I couldn’t decipher the soul’s presence at first. But, experiencing the Nephilim I have confirmed my initial suspicions.” The angel added factually, looking Dean in the eyes this time. The hunter’s eyes swim with too many emotions to read. Every emotion obviously whirring through his features.
Dean prays that Baby’s engine isn’t picking up, “Good Cas. Better than I thought I would.” He cringes, holding the phone against his chest for a moment before bringing it back up to his ear.
“Nope,” Sam can hardly contain his smile, looking at his brother grumble with his saltine, but out of sympathy he does, “I’m going to the store today to pick out some supplies. And I’m going to throw out anything that you can’t have. That includes old take out.” He throws a knowing glance to Dean who opens his mouth to protest, “No buts! You shouldn’t be eating that crap anyway Dean, after a while that stuff is hardly food anymore.”
“Dean?” Sam starts, sounding more pissed than anything, making Dean bite back a scoff,  “Where are you? We just got back.”
Dean’s heart sinks in his chest. A lax hand brushes against his softened abdomen. He recoils his hand quickly, averting his attention back to the table of messy papers. Trying to come to terms with everything is still, overwhelming. Adjusting to his new “thing” with Cas and… well
A bit of fluff before some more plot has to ensue. Thanks you all for the support on this story! All your comments are greatly appreciated! I hope that you guys are enjoying this story (as slow as I may be updating it)
Cas seeked solace after his brush with the unknown force. He knew of the beings origins, yet he had to deny himself the privilege of prying into its truest form. For his own good.
The hunter lets out a long breath and plasters on a fake smile, “I’ll let you get back to all that hunting crap you gotta do then. Tell Sammy I say hi.”
“Hey Cas.” He greets tiredly and heads to the fridge in search of a beer. Cas nods and smiles and then his gaze settles on Dean. When Sam’s back is turned, Dean’s mind gathers, and he speaks.
“My people skills are still rusty, as are my interrogating skills. But I’m glad I did okay.” Cas replies, looking pleased with himself. Sam beams back.
“You’re a heavily pregnant man. I sincerely doubt you’re just “fine”.” Dean throws her a dangerous look. She throws her hand up in response, “All I mean is I’ve seen you massage your back for the last few minutes, you look like you haven’t slept. Clearly you seem uncomfortable deary.” She rubs a sympathetic hand over his shoulder.
Rowena shakes her head sternly, “Now try saying that to that dear tweetiepie of yours. I’m sure all he wants to do is help. But he can’t if you’re not willing to let him.”
“Yes.” Cas recites. His demeanour juxtaposing the nervousness blooming in his stomach, “I was going to earlier, but I feared it would be unwise to take advantage of Dean while he was unconscious.” He makes a pointed gaze at Dean. Dean just huffs and rolls his eyes.
Dean nods mutely. Maybe she doesn’t have to die, just yet. Dean notes that he’ll save those ideas for another day.
Castiel starts as his vessel’s eyes quickly move to the angel in front of him, fear weaving throughout his grace for the man he saved, the little girl in Colorado, and the woman who was currently living with her brother in San Francisco. A patch of grass on a pristine lawn in a retirement community in Southern Florida dies in the shape of a pair of wings, making the headline in the community’s newsletter.
Dean sits up so that he is straddling Cas, grabs a pillow from behind him, and smacks Cas in the face with it. Cas retaliates by pulling him once more to him and kissing him deeply.
Dean thinks on Bobby’s words, telling him he was more of a man than his daddy ever was, and he loses it, again. His head finds a home in Cas’s shoulder. What was happening to him? Fuck!
Zachariah looks to Castiel, distaste apparent on his vessel’s face. “We’re testing him to see how he performs under battlefield conditions.”
in the room that wasn’t there only moments before. It is a type of cloud that descended upon them, a blanket they can’t seem to get out of. Dean is underneath its effect due to his connection to Cas’s grace. He risks a glance to Chuck and sees the ancient Being for what He is, God. He sees a type of shame in the ancient eyes the Being chose to wear.
The Seraph does not offer an adieu as he continues to read, page after page, consuming the life of Dean Winchester, the series putting pieces of the puzzle in its place. His would-be champion was a hero in every sense of the word. He truly was the best of humanity, and Castiel was even more grateful that he was the one to pull him from perdition.
Cas sighs, and looks directly in front of him, the night passing by in streetlights and white lines.
“Oh yeah, but those tidbits are gonna be intermingled, I like flashbacks. Like when you witness Sam and Dean having a ‘moment’ I’m gonna insert one of those bits with Gabe. For literary foil purposes. Mirroring, if you will.”
Admittedly, Dean’s knowledge of the Bible wasn’t scholarly, but he knew Jacob and Rachel were one of the greatest love stories the Bible had to offer.
“Enough of it.” But he couldn’t get to him, couldn’t help, he could only watch, helpless as his would-be champion fought alongside his brother in a battle stance long since mastered.
Sam noticed how scared Mrs. Forrester looked, and since he was usually the one who handled the sensitive side of things, he decided to try and ease her mind.
He smiles, revealing all too perfect white teeth and taps his pipe against them. He stands and stretches all of his limbs in turn, reveling in their limberness. He pulls his timepiece from his watch pocket.
Dean kisses Cas’s forehead as he hands him a plate of pancakes. He puts Chuck’s at his spot on the coffee table and retrieves his from the peninsula.
Cas closes his eyes, shutting out the beautiful face that changed the course of his existence, while also shutting out the pain.
Dean notes how this is reminiscent of “Ghost”, but he is more than happy at this moment to play Demi Moore to Cas’s Patrick Swayze. Castiel has his arms around Dean, and Dean is sitting between Cas’s straddled legs. Dean’s palms are on Cas’s, and Cas extends tendrils upon tendrils to clean up each particle and place it back into the jar.
Cas slowly adds iced water to the mixture until large clumps begin to form. He dumps a large lump of the dough onto the floured counter top and begins to roll it out. He was grateful Dean had a very well stocked kitchen.
His grace is alerted to a type of prayer, a spoken word from the Righteous Man. Castiel tilts his head, listening. Dean is questioning him yet again, this time to his brother, Sam. His grace receives a surge of electricity, and Castiel knows Dean touched the handprint, the connection from grace to soul. The electricity is pleasant, if not confusing. It settles in the red blooming in the pit of the angel’s grace, the red he is still able to conceal.
Uriel stalks towards Dean, and Castiel stills him with a hand to his shoulder, pulling him back. Not in gratitude, not in repayment, but simply because he is Dean and he is Castiel.
Cas hands him his duffel bag. “I have a clean set of workout clothes in there, you are more than welcome to wear them.”
Dean lowers his voice to a whisper, as if that would do any good keeping Chuck from hearing him. “Did you remember that, Cas?”
The rest of the meal is eaten in relative silence, so that no one will let anything slip about Dean’s real job.
“They only agreed to pay for two rooms at the hotel tonight, so y’all will have to figure that one out amongst yourselves.”  Victoria said as she approached the men.
I am so thankful to all of you for your kind comments, the kudos, the bookmarks, and the subscriptions. It means so much to me to have such wonderful readers. Thank you all so, so much for the many kindnesses, I appreciate you guys so much!! Thank you!!!
Victoria chuckled slightly. There was no doubt these two were brothers. It has been a long time since she laughed and the emotion was welcome, as welcome as any emotion can be.
Chuck shuts his laptop and looks at the two men on the couch. “Kay, so, uh, next is ‘when the levee breaks’, that’s when Cas turns in his first love to be tortured, and uh you go to him for help, Dean. Fun times. See you two tomorrow then.”
He tilted his head to the side, drew his chin towards his neck, lifted an eyebrow and addressed her: “I brought plenty of clothes for the duration of my stay. I do not understand why we are here and you are making me try on so many shirts.”
He was right, Castiel knew he was right, but he couldn’t admit to that, because that would make him…
The motel is dingy, and its ambience offers a lot to be desired. The Void runs his long index finger along the top of the television and looks at it in disgust. He wipes his hand with the handkerchief he keeps in the inside pocket of his jacket just as Lee and John enter the room, covered in blood.
Dean was turned the fuck on by that and passionately kissed the professor, causing a sinful moan to escape his throat. Dean wondered how much strength it would take to carry Cas to their bedroom. But Cas breaks their kiss, quashing his hopes.
“Yeah, uh… So, I um…” Hannah allows a puff of air to escape her nose, in what the creature hopes is a sardonic fashion. “I left Joe. He just, he wasn’t it, Cas.”
“You swear to follow his will, and his word as swiftly and obediently as you did your own father’s?”
Dean knows what bottling does, all he has to do is look in the mirror. So, since this is his boyfriend (he decided on the term when they climbed into bed side by side that night) he presses.
Thank you so much for reading!! I would LOVE to hear from you guys!! Comments and kudos make me smile and improve my day. :-)
For reasons he can’t determine, for reasons he cannot ascertain, Castiel feels as if pieces are missing from his puzzle and he is... incomplete.
The archangel was the one of strength, courage, and war. He was not one to back down, and admired the courage of the lesser angel in front of him. “You will not win this fight, brother. Leave now.”
Then Balthazar left, Dean didn’t really remember the particulars of that. And he said…. Oh fuck what he said. Fuck! Dean buries his head in his hands. Cas probably hated him, and he needed to apologize, although he really didn’t even know how to begin.
Cas risks detection and breaks the bindings surrounding his form. His wings unfurl from his visage and Dean’s eyes grow wide once more.
Joe was all but blubbering now, and the creature really wishes he would wipe his face with some type of cloth.
He was no longer the daddy’s boy – the good solider. And frankly, neither was Cas. There was a spark there, more than grace and soul combining in Hell. It was
Castiel allows for a fraction of a second’s time to be spent on how synchronous the brothers were. The angel’s hope dies, and he informs the Winchesters of the witch’s ingenuity.
“So why did God create humans with these abilities?” Sam always wanted to know more, he wanted to understand whereas Dean usually just wanted to know how to deal.
“I have heard of you.” Oh my goodness Dear God above had she heard of them. That explained the hand print she could only sense, since all physical evidence of the grip was practically gone. Hunters whispered about these two, between sips of amber colored liquid and chalking up their cue. She knew, providing the men’s track records with working with others, she should leave. But she couldn’t, the Grace calling her. Besides this was her job. She swallowed subtly. “You’re somewhat infamous. I am Victoria Doyle. A supernatural consulting detective.”
Dean’s back arches slightly, and his hands try to find purchase on the wall, the movement causes a picture that was hanging to fall. Cas catches it with one hand, and replaces it on the nail, without ever moving from his spot on Dean’s neck.
Painting the action of a skipping rock is not an easy feat, but the talented artist was able to create the ripples he intended, for, if Dean Winchester was anything, he was motion.
From his position near the telescope, he could see a trench coat brush past the table in the war room, and his brother’s old jacket following behind. He wondered if those two were role-playing and then shirked at the thought, returning to his spreadsheet once again.
Castiel’s feeling of possessiveness comes to the forefront of his grace, and he works to push it down, not wanting to display any type of weakness in front of Uriel; and, in their line of work, attachments of any sort were a weakness.
Cas narrows his eyes. “I have a father, Chuck, who drops in and out of our lives. It’s been more out than in lately though.”
“Don’t give me that ‘holy’ crap. Destiny, God’s plan… It’s all a bunch of lies, you poor, stupid son-of-a-bitch!”
So, for the first time in a very long while Dean Winchester was alone, just as he felt he deserved to be. Tears escaped green eyes as he sunk further into the couch, hoping to disappear.
Cas moves his hand and places both of his arms around Dean’s neck. They look at each other sweetly, words being said that need not be spoken. Dean occasionally sings some of the words to Cas in his deep, honey and bourbon voice.
Carving was a pastime Dean enjoyed. He took out the Led Zeppelin CD and replaced it with a Bob Seger one. “Old Time Rock and Roll” began playing as Dean sketched out the design he roughly wanted to follow.
He looks at Dean, and he knows there is something there, something he cannot place because the pieces were ripped from his grace with a drill in a trained angel’s tendrils. Pieces that scream from the ether, a heart-shaped bit of grace wailing from a spelled jar on a shelf in a secure location in Heaven.
Cas looks into Dean’s eyes and notes the attractive creases around them, more pronounced by his smile. “You seem to bring an aspect of my personality to light I am not entirely sure how to handle.” He turns his attention to the lettuce and begins to carefully chop it into shreds. “Perhaps I am ‘whipped’ as well.”
Uriel punches the demon once, twice, three times across the face, prompting another slick laugh. Castiel averts his eyes to the trap, ensuring its safety once more.
Chuck swallows the bite of pancake in his mouth before answering. “Uh, it makes Cas more well-rounded as a character.”
Dean remembers that bone crushing hug in Purgatory (the first time), receiving only a minor one back in return. Cas rarely showed his affection back then with physical touch, it was usually held in his eyes. But when Dean came back with his mom and Cas enveloped him in his strong angelic arms as if Dean were the only thing that mattered, a switch flipped and Cas was approachable, but Dean was an idiot. But of course, that was after Cas had already been a human, there was muscle memory for touch, connection. And Jack had changed Cas in ways that made Dean tear up and clear his throat if he thought about it too much. Humanity was a good look on an angel who never truly fit into the angelic mold.
It was almost too intense, and Dean had to break it up somehow, because hey, still Dean Winchester here.
The angel Castiel resided in his favorite Heaven, sitting on a park bench, smiling kindly on the soul of the man who generated it. He wondered what the Heaven of Dean Winchester would look like. He imagined it would contain many memories of his brother. Castiel calls to mind the words of the Son, “Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.” (John 15:13 KJV). He feels a presence beside him and looks up to see his brother looking ahead of him.
Dean ran his hands again over his face. He needed a drink, like yesterday. Why did he even call Cas to come to his room at four in the morning to talk about the Angel’s emotions of all things? And how the hell was he gonna get out of this? He didn’t need another being to lose. But hell, losing him last time almost killed him. And as if Cas could pick up on his train of thought, he once more began talking.
The creature falters. It searches Hannah’s memories, looking for the correct response. “I was unaware of his location.”
The creatures known as Hannah and Lee were settling in wonderfully well. The imposter Lee was associating with John Winchester, just as the Void knew he would. The two men combined should make easy work of their job. The being of Hannah was more or less a failsafe, a construction created to be fallen back on, a safety net, if one will.
Castiel smiles, a warm, happy thing that seeps onto Dean’s downturned mouth as light seeps through a closed door.
Cas leans into the comfort Dean’s body provides. “It is true. My brother always appreciated beautiful work.”
There was no basis in Jimmy’s brain to gauge an appropriate reaction to that comment so Castiel remained silent.
Castiel’s eyes close as he wishes the man in front of him would see him for what he was. How he was, how he
The survivors are a male and female in their early thirties. They appear unremarkable, and after a curt nod, the creature begins to walk away, assuming they can find their own way back.
Once their plates are empty, Dean leads Cas by the hand to the outdoor couch, where two glasses and a bottle of Tennessee Whiskey await them.
“Ah, well, you won’t remember because it hasn’t happened yet, but, when I was an Angel, I once drank the entirety of a liquor store. You told me that I was ‘on a bender’. My tolerance has substantially decreased since then.”
“Well, hey, the way I see it, I wanna be around a long time to enjoy this…” He gestures between them with a fork. “So, I figure, yeah, I can choke down a few salads.”
Castiel stops him by pushing his stool away from the counter and encompassing Dean in an embrace. “We have already talked through this love, there is no reason to go over and through it again.”
Gabriel smiles at him, his multiple wings shaking with amusement. “They are trying to ensure they will not be naked in Father’s presence.”
Past Dean and Castiel read over their letters, Jack sends them back to 2009, and changes are made - sort of.
Cas smiled, “I would have liked for that to continue for eons, Dean, but you are human and need to breathe.”
Smoke rings rise as the Void addresses the minion, his voice even with indifference. “You are to complete a task.”
If Castiel knew how to properly control the emotions of his vessel, his face would display sadness, but instead he looks stoic, like a statue. At this point, in a way, he is.
Castiel is no longer able to fight the woman, as her pull and command is too strong. His true form is revealed to her, and he can feel her pain as his celestial intent that was never intended for human eyes, burns her eyes out, taking her vision. As the pain stops her invocation, Castiel slumps on the bench, exhausted, grace pulled in all directions. His grace reassembles, and Castiel feels as despair weaves throughout his grace, causing a small hailstorm in Providence, Rhode Island.
Chuck raises an eyebrow as he allows a small, genuine smile to creep onto the right side of his mouth.
Dean wraps his arms around Cas, making their bodies join even further. “I kinda love it when you do that.”
A stare that seems natural occurs between them, and the angel wonders what humans do when they feel this type of intensity. Did Dean feel it too?
The creature forces the roll out of its human eyes. “I think I am…” The creature pauses, searching for the right word for this occasion “tired.”
It was important that Castiel and Dean landed on that street corner after they arrived back from the future. It was a continuation, as if their encounter with their future selves didn’t even happen, but it did. Instead of Dean putting a hand on Cas’s shoulder this time, he pulled him into a hug with a kiss planted on the angel’s forehead. Then, they went to get Sam.
Zachariah appears a few feet in front of him as he claps his hands. “Ah, so I see you have scoped out my alternate reality.”
Cas releases him as he moves away from him to look into his eyes. “That is a very kind thought, my love; however, I believe we are more or less stuck here.”
Castiel stops him with a word and a raised hand. Even though this is all an act, the heat in his voice is true. “Enough.”
Cas watched Dean’s muscles as he built the furniture, his biceps flexing underneath his white t-shirt.
“I’m gonna take Baby back to my house. You can meet me there later. We’re all going to have a family dinner. And don’t worry, Eileen is cooking. Although you can bring the pie.”
Dean is interrupted by Chuck shouting from the sliding glass doors. “There you guys are! I made waffles.”
“In your descriptions of your top thirteen Zeppelin tracks, you evoked that feeling. That raw yet organized passion. You have made me feel through your descriptions.”
Heaven can be described as a collection of doors, each one opening either into an office or the habitation of a soul. There were few souls in Heaven which were readily guarded – not with angels, but with the brightness of the soul itself. Castiel just so happened to land in the habitation of the brightest soul Heaven contained.
“Yes, all me Dean. All of my celestial intent the size of the Chrysler building shoved into a six-foot-tall man.”
He quickly finds the spot he was working on that morning, enjoying every response Cas’s body gives him. When his name is moaned, he breaks away and stares into Cas’s eyes, a familiar motion.
Dean cuts in. “Yeah, uh, so Gabe sacrificed himself to get Jack back from an alternate world, Cas exploded Raphael, like by snapping, umm… Michael one point o made it in the cage until last year then he also got exploded, but not by Cas this time. Umm… let’s see, Michael two-point o got destroyed by Jack, and oh yeah, Lucifer was killed my me. Well, by Michael two-point o hitching a ride in me until…”
Dean looks at him playfully before grabbing his tie and pulling him on top of him, both of them laying back. Dean untucks Cas’s shirt and runs his hands along Cas’s flanks. He reaches into Cas’s pants, causing a delightful moan to escape his pale pink lips.
The older man looks down into his drink before bringing it to his lips. He eyes the younger man sitting next to him with his peripheral vision.
The angel looks to the ceiling and Dean rolls his eyes and a very slight chuckle escapes his nostrils.
“I assume you two know what this is, what we’re dealing with.” Of course, they knew, she just had to pretend they might be unsure.
He remains steadfast, the heat encompassing him. The small fire erupts into flames, consuming him, consuming them.
The creature has not walked more than thirty feet when he runs into another man, a grin plastered on his face, shotgun in hand.
“Fucking smartass.” He finally managed to choke out. He wipes his tears with the back of his hand, resumes reading his book, and Cas settles his palm back on Dean’s chest.
It was on Friday, after getting back from a shopping trip with Claire, while Cas was doing research on Two-toed Tom and rifling through potential interview prospects when there was a knock on the door. Cas narrowed his eyes at the door in scrutiny, as if the offender would simply leave, but the knocking was continued, and Cas reluctantly left his spot on the couch to answer the door.
He is disheartened to see Cas won’t make eye contact with him, and he knows he fucked up. And he’s going to have to fix it. But then again, Cas shouldn’t have wasted the grace, so Dean wasn’t completely in the wrong. And he
“However, my love, I can assure you, I would not intentionally use what I thought was limited grace to make sure you didn’t perspire.”
Dean places a kiss to Cas’s forehead, trailing down to each eye, then his nose, to land on perfect lips, slightly agape, waiting for him.
She smiled at the Angel. “Yes. This is the biggest nest I have ever personally encountered. There are twenty-one vampires in all. Some are very old.”
“I loved you fully from the first time my grace touched your soul, but honestly I may not have known what to do had you initiated physical touch.”
He sits down and plops his feet onto the pillow Cas put on his lap. He smiles at the gesture from the angel.
Dean actually had no intention of going to Rufus’s garage. He just needed an excuse to work on Cas’s bookshelf. He parked Baby down the street a ways and walked back towards his shed. He is careful to avoid the windows so that Cas will not see him. He knows he’s going to extreme lengths, but if there is anyone in the world worth it, it’s Cas.
With a look that can only be described as pure exasperation, Dean looks to Cas. Cas offers an apologetic smile, and hand in hand they enter the house.
Crowley shakes himself from the trance he seems to always be in when in front of the presence of Billie to focus on her words.
“You look like you got a lot on your mind, fella. Wanna share? Old fogey like me could offer ya some advice.”
Anna stands by Castiel as they look at the scorch marks of wings on the warehouse floor. Their fallen brother.
