Well here is a second chapter, its pure smut, not very good smut but anyway hope you enjoy.
Loki attacked the moment Thor entered the room, aiming the dagger at his heart.
“That’s it Steve, let me in I am going to rock your world, just you wait.”
It is time he becomes what he was always meant to be, my omega bitch.”
Steve was hooked, all he could picture was Tony with large swaying udders full of milk offering up his teats to his Alphas. Lifting Tony and sitting him on his cock with little effort, he restrained the struggling omega locking his arms as Bucky suggested.
Poor Tony, he is not going to get any respite from the high handed treatment of his Alphas and now Bruce is getting in on the act.
The President smirked as he watched BB roughly pinch each omega’s nipples before pushing them into the milking cups, perhaps he would have a bit of fun with her later and give her a taste of the breeding bench and milking machine, after all she had wanted to be his omega whore.
“Such a slut baby, now reach down and unzip your jeans, give Sir access to your tiny cock and balls.  Good, now push your t-shirt up and play with your your nipples, I am going to have fun toying with your pathetic cock until we reach the Tower.”
Heat part one.
Steve lets Tony set the pace for a few minutes enjoying watching Tony struggle to widen his lips further to stretch around his increasing girth and length.  When his cock hits the back of his omega’s throat he places his hand on the back of his head to stop him from pulling off, forcing Tony to swallow him down.
May had grown used to being a milk cow on Asgard, it was less stressful than being part of Bruce’s experiments and having to feed all those pups.  Her only worry had been Peter, she missed him and knew that he would not settle into his role as a sissy omega and would definitively not take to caring for any babies he had.
“Come omega, know your place, hands and knees to our bedroom, then present yourself for your Alphas pleasure.”
“Pepper, you will not disturb Tony with Stark Industry related work.  You forget that l will be signing everything on Tony’s behalf as of now.  Please ensure the paperwork is ready by tomorrow afternoon.”
The celebration lunch had consisted of her having to suck off all the Avengers and eat out Natasha whilst they dined. Once the cake had been cut Happy had bent her over and fucked her face down in the remaining layer of cake, afterwards stuffing her cunt full of frosting and allowing Hawkeye to lick her clean. To her utter mortification she had climaxed numerous times and even begged Happy to let her ride his cock as she deepthroated Steve.
“Ma’am I want tony and only him the business is of no interest to me, I do not want to run it, I understand that Tony will have business commitments he will have to fulfil and will work with you to come up with a suitable schedule.  But you must understand that his first priority is his Alpha and that he is mine.
Now Alpha Steve is going to hand you baby Sarah and you just need to hold her up to your breast and let her latch onto your nipple.
“Good boy, now hold on tight, l am going to ruin your pussy with my knot.”
The grunts of the cooks grew louder as they neared completion, Frigga’s wanton moans muffled by the cock fucking her mouth.
“Mmmmm, Pep wanted it gone, didn’t want to be a mutant or an Avenger.  S..so me and Bruce spent weeks studying it and finally found a way to make it go partially dormant,  l kept working on ways to completely remove it, but never had the time to finish perfecting it.
Steve spent the following hours reading all the information and articles contained in the file, viewing the recordings and staring at the photos.  He called Pepper get her opinion on the matter and to discuss their plans for the weekend. after  He emailed Dr Gottlieb his decision, before settling back to wait for his baby boy to wake.
Lydia smiled as she handed him a tissue, now was the time to build up the guilt.
“Pretty Daisy Cow, time to take you to the milking parlour, Hulk wants lots of milk to drink.”
Asgard was all about wealth power and dominance, Steve had wealth now, power as Captain America, the ultimate show of dominance off the battle field would be taming the most unruly wayward omega, shaping him into the perfect omega who would do anything his Alpha demanded.
“Look at my pretty little bitch, are you excited and happy to be back with your true Alpha?”
“Ah Hawkeye perhaps you have forgotten that Loki is adopted, so it would not be a problem and even if he had been my true blood brother it is not unheard of to mate with a sibling, rare only because there could not be any child born of such a mating.”
“You are so beautiful Tony come look in the mirror and see for yourself, you are strong and intelligent but left to your own devices you will self-destruct. As your Alpha I will give you structure, order and guidance. I will cherish and care for you but at the same time use a firm hand to provide any correction needed.
Tony crawl to the President and put your slutty mouth to work, Mr President you my knot our meg’s mouth if you wish.”
Tony hated being on display, his naked body bound and presented for all to see as they passed through the lobby. His back and ass burned from the caning Alpha Steve had inflicted on him before he had fucked his slicked hole in front of all the senior management.  His parting words as he left for his meetings had sent a chill of fear throughout his body.
“Such a good little boy, feel how pleased daddy is with you, can you feel how hard daddy’s cock has gotten because you have made him so proud and happy?”
Pepper breathed a sigh of relief, Tony would have been devastated if the Pack and especially Steve had rejected him, not that Tony was going to make it easy for them, but she had high hopes that this was exactly what her best friend needed.  Tony had been heading for a major breakdown, running on fumes and completely stressed with his overly full Avengers and SI workload.
Steve takes Tony back to Stark Tower, bathes and looks after Tony in his own way, sex happens again and Tony learns the proper way to ask to be fucked.
“Christ Steve, was he like this the first- time round? If so, I’m surprised your still alive.”
Dependent on the outcome of your meeting with Ms Potts, Omega Stark’s psychologist will speak with you later today. Now I must get back to Medical, I will inform the nursing staff that you will be visiting Omega Stark later today.”
Tony was a quick learner and now able to breathe properly, took his time toying with the other omega, just for the hell of it stuck to abusing one nipple for ten minutes, not caring his lips were burning with the heat, enhanced healing had its advantages.
Steve couldn’t help but pick him up and cuddle him close, hand patting the wet diaper. It had been a long time since he had fucked his boy in one of these specially made diapers.
“Steve why don’t you keep your omega’s mouth occupied whilst l finish my internal exam, she is making it difficult for me to concentrate with all the whining coming out of her.”
Hulk makes an appearance.
Once she was a writhing wet mess, he lined himself up and thrust into her wet heat, her insides wrapping his cock with velvety softness. Thrusting deep and hard he lost himself in the rhythm, biting and sucking on her nipples as she climaxed, his own seed spilling soon after.  Just because he knew she hated it he withdrew and sprayed her breasts and stomach with his cum, rubbing it into her skin, scent marking her for all to smell.
Rules, training, supposed compromises and the introduction of Omega Tony to the world.
He could now remain still and almost always quiet as his Alpha massaged his body and milked his prostrate.  He was finding it difficult to keep his cock soft whilst Steve fingered him or used a small vibrator on his omega clit, so remained caged for the majority of the time.  He had graduated to the largest butt plug in the collection his Alpha had gifted him, and loved the feeling of being stuffed full, and spent a lot of time imagining it was Steve’s cock, which made him blush bright red when ever Steve gave him a knowing look.
Now what do well-mannered little boy’s say when their Daddy has given them a special treat?”
“Captain, the bands are holding at a circumference of 12 inches, I believe this the optimum measurement without harming the blood flow to your omega’s breasts.  Current size is 36DD if measured in female terms, you could safely go up to a 36F for pleasure purposes and milking for short periods of time without putting strain on the arc reactor or loosing tissue elasticity.”
Given a short robe and slippers she was led into the hair salon where Andre and Natasha were waiting.
The first time she felt the babies kick, she wanted to throw up, now she could no longer pretend that she was not an incubator for their mad science experiment. When she crawled behind Mistress she could feel the weight of them as her belly rapidly grew. Prof Hulk had already informed her that they would be big and that birthing them would not be easy.  They wanted a natural birth in the kennels where the hounds could here and scent the babies and claim them as pack straight  away after the birth.
“Winter it’s going to be a while before we can get all our agents in place and start weeding out Hydra.  The main players are too close to the President to get rid of them all at once without Hydra getting suspicious.  We can arrange an accident for the Secretary of Defense and get Ross out the way, General Carter will be an acceptable replacement and we know he is loyal to our mission.  With control of the military we can make use of them for Hydra assaults and free up our time to investigate the suspected civilian traitors in the Capitol.”
Mr Potts watched his daughter get fucked  by his friends and former business associates.  His debts were paid and he could hold his head high  at the Club, no more snide remarks or calls for him to fulfill his promised deal closers.
Now he will be allowed to find and explore his true self and I will protect him and love him and support him through his journey.
I am going to teach Tony a lesson she will never forget, do l have your permission to carry on once l have given her the last of your allotted strikes?”
Due to the unique way your genius brain works you are constantly switched on as it were and have not developed any methods of powering down and just relaxing.  You feel the need to proof your worth at all times so that people will like you and admire you, if you are not inventing or building equipment you see yourself as lacking any kind of value.
“First let me state that Tony is being well cared for and is in the recovery suite.  His right leg suffered a straightforward break which has now been set and plastered, his left shoulder was also dislocated, that to has been replaced.  Unfortunately, that means Tony will be unable to use crutches for a few weeks so will need a wheelchair and as his left hand is his dominant hand he is going to be severely limited in what he can do as his shoulder and arm have been strapped to avoid any further dislocation.
At first the feeling of fullness sent zings of pleasure through to his still soft cock, unfortunately though there was no way at this stage of his pregnancy he would be getting hard, pleasure soon to discomfort as the feeling of fullness increased.  The burning sensation of over stretched muscles increased, his legs widened to accommodate the growing finger, because that what he finally realised was happening, fucking Hulk/Bruce had such control now that they were able isolate the shift to any part of their body at will.
The phone cut off, he smiled not worried, Natasha could look after herself, soon he would have his Tony soon and they would go back to their own world, taking Stark with them and he would have two mates.
Lastly, Stark Industries is delighted to inform you that the new Stark phone will be launched next month and that both Captain Rogers and his husband will be attending the Maria Stark Foundation Gala on the 25th of July.’
Gently parting Tony’s thighs, he tapped his thumb again his tight little hole, the ring of muscles giving way easily, he took his time feeding the greedy  hole his fingers, whilst he jerked off using his other hand. A twist of his fingers to hit the sleeping omega’s prostrate and a graze of his nail across his slit had him spraying his load over Tony’s stomach and sex.
“This is the computer imaging of Omega Stark’s body that was taken when he was first admitted to Medical this morning.   As you can see his right lower leg has a clear break and his left shoulder is displaced, these were expected.  What we did not expect to find was clear evidence of a gastric by-pass and judging by the scar tissue several maintenance updates.  Lower down this small mass is the immature, pre-first heat omega sexual reproductive organs, it is a good sign that the damage cause by Howard Stark and Dr Davidson can be with reversed with the correct care and treatment, we are extremely lucky that he did not remove them.
Shaking with exhaustion, his head aching, he crawled back to the cot, pushing off the blanket and just lying on the bare mattress.  He repeated the process for days, until his sunburn faded, and his blistered feet began to heal.  Hunger eventually had him rummaging in the cupboards and drawers in the kitchen area, there was nothing. Hobbling over to the door he pushed it open, he was sure he had seen a small barn as he had staggered to the cabin.
The sun is setting as BB, on her bleeding hands and knees collapses on to never ending glass and bone shards.  Steve knows that this is the end, he can do nothing but wait for his Watcher, there is nowhere to run, he almost welcomes that this is the end, he is tired and hungry, his skin is burnt once again, he wants a bath to clean off the cow’s blood, and he desperately needs to wash and repair his silk sheet, he doesn’t know why it is so important to never lose it.
Winter slipped two fingers past soft full lips, slowly working them further in to the small mouth, when his fingers brushed the back of the omega’s throat, he gave a huff of approval at the complete lack of gag reflex.  He added a further two, curious to see how many the petite omega could take, grinning at Steve when managed to also fit his thumb in as well.  Dr Banner had been correct in supposing that the elasticity of their omega’s skin around any orifice through the altered DNA would accommodate the size of whatever object or body part they wanted to use.
Pushing her knees up towards her breasts he thrust into her sopping hole, setting a brutal pace he pounded her cunt whilst baring down on her doubled up body, he smirked as the panic set in when she realized that she couldn’t draw a breath, trapped as she was under his weight and with her bent legs pressing against her sternum.
Picking up the bag he had thrown on the floor earlier he removes the nipple clamps and soft bondage ropes.  Tony hisses as the clamps are attached but tries not to move as the soft ropes are wound round the base of each breast tightly.
Tony lay lax in his arms as he carried him over to the rocking chair, after placing a muslin cloth under his neck he placed the teat of the bottle between Tony lax lips, gently squeezing the bottle so the formula flowed in to his mouth, his baby tried to push the teat out some of the milk dripping from his lips.  Steve placed a finger under his chin gently keeping his mouth closed until Tony had no choice but to swallow down the liquid or choke.
Once in the examination room the doctor motioned for Tony to strip and stand on the scales. Noting the results, he then gestured for the omega to lay down on the examination table.
Hands and lips began to caress and kiss every part of his body, gentle touches and light nips of teeth, soon his whole body was vibrating covered in a light sheen of glistening sweat. Slick and cunt juices leaked from his stuffed holes coating his thighs to be licked and sucked away by eager mouths, leaving a trail of lightly bruised flesh.
You can choose to have your nipples primed to lactate when sucked and your pathetic little cock smoothed so that you don’t have to ever worry about the embarrassment of pissing yourself again during sex, or you can have your ears, tongue, cunt, cock and nipples pierced along with a few other piercings that I have not quite made my mind up about yet.
Now are there any issues you would like to raise about Tony’s treatment so far or any further treatments you would to discuss?”
Dr Miles stood before the large wall mounted screen, which now showed the images of a full body CAT scan.
Winter paced the few steps he could in his stall, the heavy yoke round his neck baring down on his shoulders, his hand cuffed to the yoke. The metal cap that would have attached his metal arm, had been removed, leaving a mess of scars, even if he managed to escape and find his arm there was now no way to fit it.
Stepping back he began to lay strokes down from Tony’s shoulders to his knees never hitting the same place twice, soon Tony’s skin was dark red and welted. Tony cried and screamed pleading for forgiveness.
He has gained 28lbs and has good covering of soft fatty tissue, l would suggest that you continue with his current diet, this  weight will get him through his first stud dog knotting and subsequent breeding heat, but he will have very little time to eat or drink whilst he is being constantly knotted and bred so will lose between 5-10lbs depending on the stamina of your Stud.
Now regardless of what has happened to make you feel upset, you are not allowed to throw tantrums and hit people.
Steve helped Tony off the examination table and onto the scales, this was the most important part of the examination, Tony needed to have gained sufficient weight to kick start his omega metabolism towards pre heat within the next three weeks, if they were to keep on track with the Registry’s timetable for bonding, it was also when the next full moon would appear.
Pepper winched as the cage constricted painfully around her cock the heavy sound,  inside it tugging it down to swing between her thighs, the metal ball peeping below the hem of her skirt.  The outline of the harness could be seen clearly under the sheer top that she had been made to wear, her newly pierced nipples pushing against the thin fabric.  She looked as though she was about to go clubbing, not to her final board meeting.
“Yes Alpha.”
“I don’t t understand why he has not caught, there must be something wrong with him.  I need you to do a full examination Bruce, l want my pups in his belly after his next heat.  Do whatever it takes to make it happen.
He deliberately takes his time reading and signing asking questions of Miss Potts and the board members as he goes, showing no reaction to the tongue running up and down his shaft licking and sucking his slit.  Every now and then he pushes his cock fully down his omega’s throat and holds it there, Tony’s face mashed up against his groin he feels the tears falling on his balls the snorts and gasps for air where there is none.  He does not look down into the panicked pleading eyes just continues with the meeting as though his omega is invisible to him and the rest of the people in the room.
“Peter, it will all work out in the end, I know that you don’t want to be like me but it’s not so bad really, Steve and Winter are dominant as fuck Alphas and keep me in my place, they are kinky fuckers which suits me just fine, the fucking and knotting is amazing, even though I could do with not being continually bred.  I get to do a bit of tinkering in the lab when I have behaved or get a genius moment and my brain is going to explode if I don’t get it down.
You do not get to choose how you dress yourself, it is for your Alpha to decide.  Especially as you have committed to training and living as a Traditional Omega.  Now third position and I do not want to hear a sound from you until your punishment is over.”
Bruce was watching, making nots on his Stark pad.
He toyed with Stevie’s nipples until his little bitch was mewling and whimpering, then he sat back hauling Stevie’s hips up on to his thighs, giving him the perfect angle to punch his cock into his omega’s unprepared, virgin hole.
Pepper came back to herself as she was led back onto the set, her makeup, hair and body paint had been reapplied.  The thick leather collar was still round her neck, but now her arms were sheathed behind her back, and she was wearing high platform boots, the feet in the shape of cows’ hoofs.  Her nipples had large alligator teeth clamps attached, that bit painfully into her tender flesh, she could feel thick bands circling the base of her breasts pushing them up and out, and her mouth was held open once again by an o ring gag that was already making her jaw ache.
Grabbing his omega’s head he forced the last few inches of his enormous cock down his throat wanting to make sure none of his cum would escape and every drop would end up in his omega’s belly.
Tony squirmed and wriggled trying to get away from the heavy hand reigning smacks over his padded cheeks, his ass began to burn as each smack got harder, kicking his legs out and pulling at the bedclothes he tried to drag himself away.  Steve’s hand pressing him down on the bed ensured he could not move, the metal rail digging in to his stomach swiftly bought another problem to the fore.  Giving up the struggle to get away he set his mind to convincing his full bladder to hold tight for a few more minutes.
The weeks passed quickly, he wondered what his Alphas were doing, he missed them, but at the same time enjoyed the freedom he had on Asgard.  He knew he was being spoilt and that at some stage the bubble would burst, but he would do anything to keep his pups safe.
“Раздень меня  омой меня омега суки”
“Ms Potts, your services are no longer needed, you need to sign the documents that legal are bringing up and then Security will escort you from the building. Any personal belongs left here will be packed and delivered to your apartment this evening.
Darcy ceased the opportunity and ran with it, she couldn’t believe that he was making it so easy for her, how the hell had the stupid twit ever managed to become President, just showed that if you had enough money and connections you could get to be and do anything you wanted. the old buffoon was turning out to be a soppy lovesick fool, she even felt slightly sorry for him and just a tiny bit guilty for what she was doing, he was obviously just a puppet figure for the real power players.  Laying, next to him on his luxurious bed she hoped that Sam was safe and appreciated the lengths she was going to, to ensure his freedom.
Chapter 50
Thor enjoyed the dinner immensely, the first omega had a talented tongue, the cute whimpering noises she made whilst choking on his cock, had him shooting his cum deep into her pregnant belly.  When he finally knotted her mouth during dessert he laughed as she pathetically pushed against his thighs trying to escape his knot.
Placing him on his knees with his head resting on his folded arms in the now empty bath, he pulled out the butt plug from his little one’s raised backside replacing it quickly with the lubed enema nozzle, sliding it deep into his bottom.  Turning on the tap he watched as the warm water flowed down the tube to disappear into Tony’s clenching hole.  Steve pushed apart his baby’s thighs so he could watch as his tummy began to bulge as it filled with water.  Reaching between the spread thighs he fondled Tony’s flaccid penis and balls, something would have to be done about them if they, his baby boy had no need for a penis that size!
Pepper was horrified when two lumbering pups dashed into the room sniffing the air before turning to set their eyes on her.
“Another few inches, before their weight will cause problems and risk the cord ripping. But we can just keep the weight off by leaving them hooked up to his nipple chains between stud sessions.
“Shut the fuck up! Omega scum like you don’t ever get a say in what happens to them.  You are a terrorist and a spy and will be punished accordingly, the Pack Alpha has condemned you to suffer Pack retribution and his word is final.”
“Inspector, Captain, I will take my leave now so that I can arrange with finance the transfer of the fine, I will also begin the task of liquidating all Stark’s personal assets.  The net profit will be deposited in the Avengers personal account on completion of each sale.  Captain Rogers you will have full control of the account as Stark’s Alpha and Leader of the Avengers.
Showered and dressed after his early morning alarm Steve opened the door separating his suite and Tony’s room to the sight of Tony shouting and hitting the bed rails as Nurse Meyer tried to feed him breakfast.  The blue blanket and front of Nurse Meyers uniform were liberally splattered with what looked like apple sauce.
BB, go check the breeders and make sure their tits are secure to the milking cups and then turn on the pumps, after that make yourself useful by getting drinks for everyone.”
“Sweet dreams little one, when you wake Daddy is going to knot your pretty little hole and have sit on his knot whilst he feeds you breakfast and if you behave Daddy will let you drink his special milk.”
Steve loved the strained moans Tony was making, his cock thickened and cum flooding his omega’s throat cutting of all sound as his thick girth pressed against his vocal cords. Steve smirked as he glanced over his shoulder, Winter was gripping Tony’s hips as he fucked their bitch’s cunt with long deep strokes his balls slapping against his gapping anal hole.
“Steve l hope that you know what you are doing, power of attorney is serious, you will be completely responsible for all aspects of Tony’s life, personal and professional.
Steve jerked his hips up as his hands reached for Tony’s breasts, thumbs brushing over each nipple he pushed both breasts together burying his face in the soft flesh.
“Hell, Hulk doesn’t mess about, l reckon I could fit both my arms up there. Oh my god! Look at the size of him, he is going to tear her apart with that monster!”
Oh my god! I am so sorry aunt May, please forgive me, I hate that I babble so much nonsense when I’m nervous.  This is all my fault, why did I have to be so stupid and take those pictures, it’s not fair that you have to suffer because of what I did.”
Where do you think that Captain Rogers has been disappearing to every afternoon for the past week, certainly not to the gym!
Steve watched as Tony’s pink tongue swiped the last of the sugary grape juice from his lips, leaving just a few crystals dusting his chin. Unable to resist he leaned over and licked the sweetness up, before covering Tony’s lips with his own, drawing him into a deep lingering kiss, his tongue plundering his omega’s mouth chasing the last of the spelled juice.  His arousal grew as Tony stilled beneath him remembering one of Steve’s first instructions in traditional omega training, as he deepened the kiss his cock hardened at the sound of Tony’s needed whines.  Reaching down he released his cock stroking it to fullness as he sucked and bit on Tony’s kiss swollen lips, precum leaking as he imagined them stretched round his thick length.
“Thor do not be fooled by her pathetic pleas, this position will strengthen her body and increase its tolerance for pain which will aid her in childbirth.
Happy will be outside with the limo when you wish to leave, by the time you reach Stark Tower Jarvis will have changed all security protocols to include you.  I suggest that once Tony is settled you talk to Jarvis, he will be able to answer any further questions you may have.  He is Mr Stark’s A.I. and his first priority is Tony’s security and welfare, he understands Alpha/Omega dynamics and will adjust his parameters to take in Tony’s new status.”
We will let nature take its course and intervene as little as possible, omegas bodies naturally know what to do and Tony’s maternal instincts will kick in the minute the pups are born.  We will watch and support him but all the hard work is up to him to do, if either the pups or your omega show signs of needing medical intervention then I will be more hands on.”
Tony was dwarfed by Steve’s huge muscular body, there was nothing he could do when Steve picked him up as though he weighed nothing and impaled him on his massive cock. The burn of his hole being stretched wide open bought tears to his eyes as Steve held his waist in his large hands and continued to press him down onto his shaft, until he was shaking and moaning, caught between the pain of being stretched so full and the exquisite pleasure of Steve’s cock pressing and rubbing against his prostrate.
“After all sweetheart, don’t you want to contribute to the rebuilding of our society, help anyway you can as an omega to get our world back to how it was?  You need to be a good girl and prove that you can be trusted to follow the rules and fulfil your role as an omega.
The coding for ‘The Omega Stark Protocols’ has been input, all evidence of our Stark’s death has been erased and Jarvis will if questioned confirm that Stark has always been an omega hiding his orientation.  He will not recognise any order given by Tony and any attempt by him to try and alter his coding will initiate shutdown mode.  Jarvis will constantly monitor Stark’s health along with enforcing his cleansing and feeding regimes, he will control with your instructions the ‘Omega modified workshop’ and in the ‘Omega training room’ he will be connected to each piece of equipment so that we can ask him to alter settings without us needing to stop proceedings.  If we are all called away on a mission, you can initiate Alpha Trainer mode.”
“Oh! fuck of Steve! If you had a cunt, I’d like to see you pass a melon out of it without swearing!”
Tony descended leash clutched in his left hand, eyes lowered submissively.  The slap of his bare feet on the marble the only sound, all his years in the public and media spot light had not prepared him for the intense focus of the politicians, military brass and cream of high society in attendance tonight.
Steve places Tony on his hands and knees on the tiled floor of the shower stall, lubes up the enema nozzle and pushes it into Tony’s now tightened hole.
Therefore, I would be honoured to accept a place on the board of the Elite Alpha Club and pledge to uphold the values and rules laid down by the founding members.”
“Congratulations on your interview Steve, you answered every question with the right amount of authority and humility.  Tony did you proud as your omega, sitting quietly and looking pretty.  I must say that l think the more feminine attire suits your bitch, although l assume it wasn’t without a bit of a tantrum on your omega’s part.”
Sex Doll counted out the final five, her breasts covered in red handprints, her nipples bruised, the swollen nubs of flesh standing out two inches from her breasts. Her cunt clenched as Clint tugged on them as he fucked her from behind, her cunt squeezing him tight, to milk his cum deep into her greedy hole.  She could hear her loud moans as Thor’s  giant cock replaces Clint’s, he easily pick her up and pushes her against the glass windows, she scrabbles to brace herself with her hands as he begins to pound into her, his booming laughter deafening her as he jokes with the others that she will lose her grip and end up hanging off his cock before he is finished with her.
“Strange, yes l have bonded with him, but it will need regular re enforcing, it’s a good thing he has healing extremis in his system or his omega gland and neck would be wrecked after the next bonding bite.
4.	You will use your safe word properly and never abuse the privilege of having been allowed one
“Aww, baby boy, is that a grumbly hungry food monster I here in your belly?  Shall daddy feed it so that Tony can go play outside with daddy?  But you have to be a good baby and eat and drink everything I give you or else there will be no playtime.”
Tony could feel the fire running through his veins, hotter and hotter as his body was consumed by lust and the desire to be fucked and bred, his hands scrabbled uselessly on the silk sheet as his body responded to each hard thrust.  Winter’s teeth ripping into his bonding glands caused him to how and writhe beneath the heavy weight of his Alpha, tears streamed down his face as the bond snapped into place, the scent of his mate overpowering his own.
Grabbing hold of her hair he pulls her on to her feet, and round to the front of the car.  Tying a length of rope to the grill of the car he ties the other end around her wrists.
It startled her to see Tony in the milking stall opposite her, his full head of hair gave it away that he wasn’t going to be here permanently, this was probably just a punishment for bad behaviour.
Steve agreed with Miss Pott’s punishment and was looking forward to seeing how Tony was going to cope or not cope as would probably be the case.
Tony preened under the attention  of all the photographers shouting and calling for him to turn and pose.  Winter had unclipped his leash and told him that he had two minutes to give the press and photographers a show, without deviating from the set answers they had discussed previously.
Pepper was horrified that she was going to have to watch, already she was panicking at the sight of the woman strapped on to the operating table.  She was devoid of all hair, even her eyebrows and eyelashes were gone.  There were blue lines and arrows drawn around her breasts and the sheath where her cock was hidden.  The tray of medical instruments looked barbaric, the medical waste bin glaringly obvious under the separated section of the operating table.
Meg smiled as the large Alpha practically ran in to the kitchenette to do her bidding the soldier in him reacting instantly to her gently worded order.  Now to deal with the angry overwrought pain filled omega.
This bitch needed to be taught a hard lesson, no one got away with crossing him.  With each blow he imagined he was hitting that other Steve, there was no doubt in his mind that he would kill him when they finally met again, but for now he had his own personal punch bag to take out all his aggression and frustrations on.
Bruce wheeled the ultrasound equipment Omer and placed the monitor facing the bed, it was going to be easier just to show Tony and he wanted to see both their reactions.
“That is quite enough of that behaviour, we do not tolerate physical violence in any form by our patients to others.  You will not be allowed the use of your hands until you can be trusted not to lash out, now you will apologise to Captain Rogers and he will decide on a suitable punishment for a naughty boy.”
“Hmmm, yes l believe that would work, he does look good with the piercings he already has, a large nose ring would enforce how far he has fallen, do it now, then strap him to a breeding bench.”
Deft fingers ripped away the ruined panties tossing them towards the fire where they landed on the ornate poker sticking out of the burning coals. Tony gasp as three fingers breach his hole with ease, stroking his inner walls as they sought out his sweet spot, once found he was tortured to screaming point by the endless play of those same fingers brushing over and over against the raised bump of nerves.
Oh f..fuck, ahhhhh, j..just stop and listen to me eeee!”
"Silly omega, you don’t get to come during and inspection, you will come on my cock if I decide to bond with you and not before.
Tony wasn’t sure what to think of the babies at first, he didn’t like that they got to feed from Pepper all the time and that everyone wanted to hold them and fuss them and congratulate his daddy.  Steve spent a lot of his free time with them, practically ignoring him in the first four weeks, it meant he got a lot of lab time but what did that matter when no one cared what he created, and Steve didn’t bring him lunch or remember when it was his bedtime. Daddy was always distracted, and Sir only had time to give him a quick fuck when he needed some stress relief after business meetings.
Steve learns some interesting facts in regards to Tony's previous sexual encounters.
Darcy hated the mirror, hated the dreaded wooden stool with the carved wooden cock rising from it. Slowly she lowered herself down wincing even though the cum dripping from hole help ease her way, she needed to be fully impaled before her Alpha arrived or face another punishment. After taking a deep breath she forced herself to drop down quickly taking in the final two inches and the studded knot, expelling her breath she wriggled until a smaller nub of wood a few inches in front of the wooden cock rested up against her exposed clit.
“Tony you are such a good girl, now hold them in your mouth until I tell you otherwise.  Now it’s time for your appointment with Bruce, l am going to lead you there with the remaining beads, l like the idea of you being leashed in this way.
Steve slips his fingers in to Tony’s soaking pussy, pushing them up as far as he could whilst stretching wide his fingers, pushing down on Tony’s shoulder he forces him to squat over his hand as he finger fucks his panting omega.
Please talk to me my Watcher, I don’t want to be on my own, I will do anything you want, if you just come and get me.”
“Ah, Prince Thor, do not worry yourself, it is true that Loki will transform back to his male self after the birth, but the rings will remain, but his clit may lose some size due to his male genitalia reforming.”
Steve seeing Tony tense up and the angry flush on his face knew his omega was about to do something incredibly stupid, there was no way he was going to let Tony embarrass him in public.  Wrapping the leash round his hand he forced Tony’s head down until his forehead rested on the floor, backside raised up so his plugged holes and bejewelled cock could be seen by anyone who was standing behind him.  Biting down on his omega’s bonding mark he took the opportunity to whisper in Tony’s ear.
Banner just at that moment shuffled through the kitchen entrance, head down engrossed in the information flowing across the screen of his Stark pad.  Natasha quickly steered him in to a chair whilst Steve place a mug of tea in front of him.  Banner paid them no attention until he had drunk his second cup of tea.
I stupidly thought that l would find an opportunity to escape, that they would let their guard down if l willingly complied, but not once did He ever leave me unbound or allow me near any technology.  Then there was a weird trial where they passed me off as their world’s Tony Stark who had passed himself off as an Alpha for most of his life and then had been discovered to be an omega after a serious injury.
Before she had even answered, somehow, they were both through the door and leading her in to her own lounge.  Peter having heard voices bounded down the stairs to see what was going on, stumbling over down the last couple of steps when he caught sight of the two Avengers.
“Not finished with you yet, lets see how many times you can come from my knot, how much cum your pathetic little cock can produce
Steve hopes that he does not have to prompt his omega, Tony needs to come to the realisation on his own of what he must do next, otherwise the lesson will not be learnt, a full hearted apology for any misdeed needs to be freely given after a punishment in order for an omega to gain their equilibrium and move forward.
Steve pulls out not wanting to finish off in his Tony’s cunt, flipping him over he raises his omega’s ass high in the air and spears his ass hole until he is buried up to the hilt.  Setting a brutal pace, he ravages is omega’s ass thumbs hooked in his omega’s hole stretching it wide.
Steve had no qualms about flipping Tony’s skirts aside to plunge into her dripping hole when he saw Tony’s face covered in come, the mess dripping down her neck onto her exposed breasts. Ross and his cohorts cheered him on as he thoroughly fucked Tony, the omega screaming loud enough that the guests out in the ballroom could hear.  He was not so far gone enough to knot her, but his anger was such that he didn’t care that he wrecked Tony’s hole and totally ruined the dress as he sprayed his cum all over her to get rid of the other alphas’ stench.
Steve waited until Tony had initiated download before thoroughly distracting his omega from the coding running across the screen. Pepper and Rhodey both consented to giving Steve the final override codes to prevent Tony from locking him out of the system and to overrule any order given to Jarvis by his creator that could be detrimental to the omega’s health and safety. He had debated long and hard as to whether to implement this plan, knowing how much Tony cared for Jarvis and his autonomy, but after much discussion with both Alphas and Jarvis they had concluded it was the best plan of action as Tony was going to be emotionally vulnerable,  highly stressed and given to somewhat irrational behaviour whilst he settled in to his place as an omega.  The last thing anyone wanted was for Tony to override Jarvis and remove himself from the Tower to face the extreme dangers of an omega separated from their Pack.  Jarvis had acknowledged that he would need some time to study and assimilate all the data on Omegas and their differing role in society, what boundaries a traditional omega could not cross and how abhorrent behaviour could be detrimental to the health and well being of an omega.  He also wanted to be able to fully understand the physiology of an omega so that he could keep a careful watch on Tony’s health, diet and exercise.
“Ste…Da……..No stop that it hurts, don’t wanna pee like a baby in a diaper, not a b..baby!  lemme out of here now!”
Today, he wasn’t allowed any clothes and had to spend all day hanging from Steve’s knot unless he was being spanked, which would happen numerous times during the day or performing an act of contrition that any of the Avengers could set, since he had cause so much trouble and worry for all of them.
Tony you could have been hurt or killed, l might have been burying you, instead of having you safe in my arms.
Four of the board members are loyal to SI and will always vote with the CEO, they are happy to reap the rewards of their position without having to do any work. As each one retires, they will sell their shares back to the company, and I will be able to appoint non share owning board members who will be easier to get rid of if they go against my wishes.
Clasping his hands behind his back he stood naked before his Alpha awaiting further instruction.
There is actual some plot revelations.
Tony tried to refuse yet another bottle of cum shake but Steve just kept stroking his bonding mark whilst staring at his pregnant belly with such a disappointed look on his face the he caved in and opened his mouth.
Covering the omega’s body he gently rocked against the bare mons until he sprayed his seed again, the top of his cock catching on Tony’s rim and slipping an inch inside to paint his inner walls with the rest of his cum.
His Alpha had taken his time with the tattoos drawing out the process, punishing Tony with  harsh twists of his nipples every time he flinched or tried to pull away, the movements involuntary or not.
“Much better, cunt whores don’t have time for keeping themselves clean and their hair tidy.  This will bring a pretty penny at the wig makers.
“I’m perfectly capable of looking after myself, been doing it for the last forty odd years, don’t need to be treated like a baby, just because I’m supposedly an omega doesn’t mean I can’t carry on how I always have, doesn’t have to change anything, not stupid, still a genius.
Tony drifted, he could here the murmur of voices and smell the food, but he was too worn out to pay any attention to either.  Gradually he became aware of his Alpha’s hand stroking his hair, when the gentle strokes turned into sharp tugs, he knew his rest time had ended.  He tucked Steve’s cock back into his pants and crawled out from under the desk, to kneel in front of his Alpha.
Chapter 13
Right, now I want you to lay down on your stomach, knees under you, ass up in the air.  Make sure to keep your thighs spread so you pussy is on display. I want you to stay like that all night, so l can plan all the ways I am going to wreck you and claim you as mine.
Grabbing hold of the makeshift leash dangling between the omega’s tits he tugged him to his feet and dragged him in to the bathroom.  Turning on the shower he ordered the omega to undress him and wash him.
“Pepper you are such a disappointment you couldn’t resist upstaging your brother, trying to proof that you were better than him. Look at you now, neither male nor female, a parody of what my daughter should have been.  You were supposed to join the family business and be David PA when you graduated and as such you would have done everything he asked of you to secure a business deal and the future growth of our family business, just as your  mother did for me. After a few years we would have found you a strong husband who would have given us grand-babies and kept you in your place, but would have understood the need for you to still provide the entertainment on occasion when David had need of you.
1.	Never go anywhere outside on your own.
There was no mirror for her to watch as the dye was applied, and neither would tell her the colour. Back in the chair she relaxed as he combed out her long hair and fringe, if she hated the colour she would just go to her normal stylist and have it redone.
Chapter 29
Steve flushed as his cock hardened under Bruce’s touch, nodding his head he turned to Tony.
He could see Tony’s annoyed expression that he quickly hid from his Alpha as he turned to allow Steve to kiss his cheek.  Tony moved off to grab his bag, before waving and disappearing.
Tony knew that there was only one correct answer to give.
He saw Steve’s eyes widen as he grew closer, he could not help but notice the hand that clutched tightly to Bucky’s arm, it was all the proof Tony needed to finally realise that there would be no happy ending for him.  Steve had made his choice, he knew now that he had only ever been a stop gap until Bucky’s memories had been returned.
“Such a slutty omega, you will follow me on your leash, you are not to make eye contact with any one and you will kneel and wait if l stop, to talk.”
You may take him home Tuesday and we will do follow up visits at Stark Tower weekly just to ensure the conditioning treatment is holding and if you require any further adaptions to his behavior.”
“Now baby boy I know this next part is going to be unpleasant for you, but you need to be clean on the inside as well as the outside. It will be over quickly as long as you don’t struggle and fight me, daddy would hate to have to discipline his baby on their first night together.”
“So good Bucky, not going to come just get me good and ready to feed my omega, just wait until you bond with him and he feeds off your cum as well.”
Steve looked to the Vet for further explanation.
“This is how you will spend your days, and every night will be you fulfilling all the fantasies that I have dreamt of over the hundreds of years I have waited to have you in my bed.
“This will keep your potty mouth busy whilst I attend to business now pleasure your Alpha, I do not want to hear another sound from you other that you thanking me for giving you this opportunity to show my board of directors what a good little cock sucking obedient omega you are.”
Peter kept quiet, he was confused by his own conflicting feelings towards his Alpha, at times he hated her, but when she bestowed a small smile of approval on him or ran her hand over his shoulder, he wanted nothing more than to bask in her scent of approval and warmth. She had made no move to penetrate or knot him and the longer it went on the more unsettled and empty he felt.  He was a pro a sucking her cock and eating her out now, but she refused to touch him, and the chastity device remained in place apart from when he bathed and received an enema each day.
Bruce set the pump to medium flow once he attached the hose to the breeder’s feeding gag, he was completely taken with the alien look of the first omega and couldn’t wait to get back to the Tower to makeover their own milk cow.
“Shhhh, baby boy, unless you want me to paddle your backside or maybe l should get the Pirates Captain to do it, would you like that Tony, having your punishment filmed for all to see, being a sex salve on an alien spaceship, servicing all kinds of alien space monsters?”
Thankfully the babies had been content to suckle and she had managed to hide how much it hurt that the alpha boy never stopped suckling throughout the hour and a half long interview.  There was no doubt in her mind that this was all for publicity and to promote the fantasy of the perfect Alpha/omega marriage to further the cause of the Omega Repeal laws.
I love you and want to protect you from the Omega Council that has been set up, they vet all bonds, to ensure that the Alpha is following the guidance set by them, you wouldn’t want to be sent away to another Alpha who could treat you as the Captain did, would you?”
“Master Bjorn, this is omega Peter, he wants to see his Aunt May, the Midgardian milker.  I have no use for him at this time, he has recently whelped and has rejected his pups, his breasts are milk laden so the best place for him to be is in the barn with his aunt, a stall directly opposite so he can see her and talk to her would be fitting, you have my permission to do any modifications you see fit, the royal nursery has expanded and I know they will possibly be looking for a young milker capable of producing a large quantity of high quality milk in the next few months.”
Closing her eyes she waited for it to be over, so that she could retreat to her office and rebuild her defences.  She would run SI with a iron hand, she would not admit to or show any weakness.  Rogers would be too busy with his new omega to keep a constant check on her.
Pepper found herself automatically gravitating towards the bed, dropping her robe as she climbed on, it was as if she was trapped in her mind watching someone else move her body.
“Nhnnng… mmmm… please, p..please need you, just need your fingers in me Alpha.”
Shhhhhush now, or l will gag you.
“Now just your collar and two more pieces of jewellery and we will be ready to leave.  I hope you remember when I said I would be keeping these for a more formal occasion than a board meeting.”
In the mornings, he fed and played with the pups, Loki wasn’t very chatty and often looked extremely tired, so he would tell Loki to nap whilst he watched the pups and latched them on to the two the milk cows who both had four tits each.
Tony please step over to the screens and start, you have 10 minutes to give you presentation.  I want none of your usual sarcasm and crude jokes anything that I deem inappropriate will be dealt with in a manner I can assure you that will not be pleasant for you.”
Steve pushes deep into Tony’s hole, setting a steady rhythm as he covers Tony’s back, forcing the omega to drop face first onto the mattress he  increases his speed the change of position allowing him to go deeper, hitting Tony’s prostrate with each thrust.
“Tony just needed an exceptionally strong Alpha to show him that he could embrace his omega side fully, and with the defeat of Thanos, he no longer needs to be Iron Man and can now concentrate on being an omega, a breeder and a mother.”
“Tony sweet heart I love you but I cannot go on like this, I just cannot bear to see you hurting yourself anymore, things are going to have to change.  This latest breakdown has shown me that I had to take control and make the hard decisions about your health and mental wellbeing, you are no longer capable making those decisions for yourself. I want you to listen to Dr Gottlieb’s prognosis and to the Conditioning therapy regime, can you do that for me baby?”
Tutta gioia tutt’ amor.
“ Don’t worry Steve, it’s not going to happen today, Hulk wants you willing and so do l, we are going to make it so that you want this as well.  l know you are not as unwilling as you pretend to be, look at how hard you are still, how your knot has not gone down.  I bet you need just a little bit of encouragement before you are shooting your load again.”
“Go do your hair in a high ponytail, l want full makeup, use the same lipstick as yesterday, makes you look like a whore.
Soaping himself he admired his restraint, the gouges cover Tony’s back were shallow, just enough to draw blood but not scar. The deep bruising on his hips clearly defined fingerprints.   Stepping out of the shower he willed his barbs to retract, his knot having softened sufficiently that it allowed his bitch to slide off his cock and collapse in an untidy heap on the cushioned floor.
In a daze she followed behind him, not noticing the babies being removed or the interview ending.  The thud of the doors closing and the lock turning bought her some what  back to reality.  Her shift was roughly ripped from her body as he slapped her face and pushed her towards the bed.
Cupping Tony’s breasts he gently massages them, pushing them together then down and to the side before bringing them back together in a continuously slow circular motion. The hard globes soften under his fingers flushing pink as the blood circulates and the milk comes to the fore, fingers pinching each pert   nipple he tugs until drops of milk drip from the swollen teats. Lapping up the milk he swirls his tongue around each nipple in turn, nipping and sucking, fingers squeezing each engorged tit.
Tony tries to escape, and finally sees the alterations made to his body.
Bruce read through Tony’s medical chart, it was all as he expected.  Tony would be woken up tomorrow morning and for the first time since he was a child would be drug free, his mental and physical health would need careful and constant monitoring until he reached a healthy weight and accepted being, an Omega.  Thankfully his mental stability would become more balanced as his weight increased, running the calculations in his head based on the figures provided he knew that the weight gain Dr Miles suggested was too conservative, he would need to talk to Steve about his findings.  The neurochemical balance in an Omega’s brain was dependent on a naturally high levels of endocannabinoids, dopamine, oxytocin, endorphins, GABBA and serotonins. Omegas normally had at least six to eight years from presentation, of steady weight gain to build up and maintain their levels before becoming part of a pack, bonding and mating, Tony only had six months, as legally all Omegas had to be mated by the age of eighteen to prevent them becoming feral.
“Be still useless cunts, you are an embarrassment to your Alphas with your whining and constant shaking.
A third box snapped open and Tony reared back at the wicked set of nipple clamps displayed on red velvet, not even the sparkling diamonds could draw his eyes away from the vicious looking screws that would fix them to his nipples. There was also a thin link of chain that could be attached and various sizes of small weights.
It was going to be difficult and stressful but needed to be put in place quickly, so that their new omega had structure and boundaries and knew the consequences of misbehaving.  Steve knew that the pack whilst he was so fragile would grant Tony a lot of leeway, spoil him and coddle him, that was completely fine Tony deserved it, he would probably be the worst culprit, but they would all have to be mindful of not allowing their omega to run rings round them as he undoubtedly would once he had regained some of his strength and had had time to absorb everything.
Get rid of that pathetic cock for starters, then prepare her body for full and permanent bondage.  I want her tits gone, just leave her nipples and make them incredibly sensitive to any kind of stimulation. Vocal cords, l want to hear her scream buts she is a pet so does not need to be able to talk.
Bruce waited forever the impromptu orgy to end before he went over to examine Darcy. Kneeling before him stripped of her harness and plugs he could see that she was a bit underweight and her breasts not the size he’d she would need to feed two babies.
After untying his omega Steve carried him to the sofa, after sitting down he impaled Tony on his still rampant cock, feet firmly placed on the floor and hands grabbing each tit firmly he rocked up in to the tight heat of his omega’s ass, groaning as his cock was sucked up and held by the still firm muscles. With each thrust up he squeezed the abused tits tightly, enjoying the mewls of pain and want spilling from his omega’s lips.  A few hard thrusts had him pumping rivers of cum in to his omega’s ass, his knot popped locking in place to ensure the cum would be retained.
Steve grabbed hold of Tony’s face so he could make eye contact.
“Jarvis, call Doctor Banner and let him know that you will be bringing Peter down for the procedure he recommended. I want a docile and biddable omega, no more bratty behaviour or disobedience.
“Dad, you should let her suck you off before we get home, her lips are sinful and she swallowed every drop, just like the whore she is.”
“Tony please take the time to read through all the data, afterwards we will discuss the matter but only if you can do it so in a rational manner without any histrionics.  Winter and I had not been of the opinion that you needed to be informed of our decision but after discussing the matter with Bruce, he believes that you will react and acclimatise better if you have all the data beforehand and that you may even be able to contribute some additional knowledge that you may not have put in any of your files that he has accessed.”
“Sit the fuck down now!  Bunch of over protective fuckers, there is a lot to discuss and arrangements to be made before you can collect your wayward twink.”
Clint smirked as he glanced in the rear view mirror at Tony’s questioning expression.
“Get that shit the fuck away from me you demented old bat, I want these fuckers of my hands so I can eat my own god dam breakfast which sure as hell is not going to be the bloody slop you are trying to feed me!”
Peter surpassed all her expectations, she knotted him countless time well into the evening before he finally passed out a blissed-out smile on his face.  While she showered Happy bathed and moved Peter to their bedroom before returning to clean the playroom and assist her with dressing.
“There’s my sweet Tony, such a good boy, now l am going to fuck your pretty little hole and make you scream. Then l will allow you to hang off my knot as a reward for being such a good boy in therapy.”
“Come on Steve, feed me, I am fading away to nothing before your very eyes, cake first then grapes and I think I want chicken tagliatelle for dinner with garlic bread and a side of asparagus spears from that my favourite Italian restaurant, just say my name and they will deliver, even to the hospital.”
Steve led his chastened omega down to the communal floor for breakfast, cherry red backside on display for all the other Avengers to see. He had forewarned them of Tony’s nakedness and that he expected them to not engage with his omega unless he gave permission.
“Peggy l still miss so much, l love Tony but he is just not you, no matter what l try. We have been bonded for two years and he has only given me one pup other than Sarah.  I named her Peggy after you, she is a tiny omega so will need a strong name, I am going to make sure that l chose a strong Alpha for her and raise her to be a proper omega.
He stroked her mons, fingers dipping further to trace her lips. He watched as she sighed and relaxed back against the leather seat, her legs moving further apart to accommodate his larger hand.
His breasts are on the small size even with his milk having come in, so I would suggest daily milking and massaging to stimulate the tissue growth and keep the milk production flowing.  Closeness with other pregnant omegas will also help stimulate growth, the need to provide for pups even if they are not their own sets off their hormones into overdrive.”
“Natasha, l do not want to be disturbed for the next 24 hours.  I will leave it to you and Bruce to deal with everything else.  I want that bastard in the cell, don’t break him completely, l want that pleasure.”
Lifting the collar he placed it around Tony’s neck connecting the clasps and locking them in place with his thumb print. The link for the leash would be released when needed, Steve decided it would be best to keep his omega leashed when in public for the foreseeable future to ensure correct behaviour and total control.
Just as he was about to leave the kitchen he spotted the mug abandoned on the table still half full
This heat is going to be short but extremely intense, you must ensure you continuously keep him knotted and full of cum. The heat will last twelve hours this is natures way of ensuring the omega does not leave its pups longer that two feedings.  You need to decide if you are going to breed him again so soon, if not I will give Tony a contraceptive injection which will have an immediate effect.”
Natasha was enjoying herself snipping away at Pepper’s hair, just to add an extra layer of torment she ordered Pepper to hold her and out to the sides, hands palm up so the she could place each tiny snip of hair in them.  Within minutes there were small ones in each hand, Clint didn’t care about playing fair and just kept nudging his cock further into her mouth as he reached down to undo the buttons of her blouse, exposing her lace clad breasts.
“Steve what I am going to do if I cannot work or be an Avenger, surely you don’t expect me to sit around all day doing nothing, just getting fat and disgusting. I don’t want to make you angry or upset but I am struggling to see how I can still be me as well as your omega.”
Bruce growled and called for the Nanny, after taking Peggy from Tony.
Now all he needed to do was tell his omega what he had decided and wait for Tony’s subconscious to draw out the hidden orders and agree.
Steve flushed at his bound cock jerked against his stomach, he was horrified that he was actually getting off on fucking himself in front of his captor, that he wanted to please him and put on a good show, in the hopes that his Watcher would praise him and maybe reward him with a gift, a little bit of luxury.
Trapped between two large bodies unable to move Tony felt fuller that he had ever been, two huge cocks slamming into him rhythmically stretching and filling his holes giving no thought for his comfort or pleasure.  His tits and stomach pressed against Steve’s chest as Bucky curled over his back, he could feel Bucky’s harsh breath on his neck as Steve took his lips in a brutal kiss forcing them apart his tongue fucking his mouth.
You can knot her asshole as much as you want, this will simulate her milk production and prepare her for the birth.  She won’t last another two moons, probably within the next four weeks, if that.”
Steve played with Tony’s little cock for a few minutes, enjoying the soft mewls and jerking hips as he fondled his balls and rubbed the stubby cocklet until Tony whined loudly as he came, collapsing against Steve’s chest.
Also, Sir, that’s your Alpha by the way, said that I could spend some time with you and get you ready for dinner tonight.”
Tony’s asshole was still stretched wide due to the size of the anal beads, even the smaller beads had been larger than and set of normal anal beads. Running his fingers round the stretched rim he tapped the quivering ring of muscles  before pushing three fingers up in to the slick coated channel.
For me this chapter is quite mild :)
Each session only ended when Tony messily sobbed out his agreement that he was a ‘bad, bad boy’ and needed to place himself completely in his daddy’s care so that he could be taught how to be a good baby boy.
Steve didn’t have to even look at the other members of the team to know what their answers would be, the stubborn, infuriating, argumentative genius had unknowingly wormed his way in to their hearts.  It had been the topic of many a conversation that if only Tony had been of A/B/O orientation he would have been a perfect addition to their Pack. Hidden under that brash exterior was a kind hearted, caring, generous man.
Tony had remained oblivious to Howard’s deceit until his 13th birthday when it was officially announced that he had presented as an Omega.  Home schooled, isolated from the public and only interested in maths and engineering he had never focused on world history or any related subjects.  At his birthday and Omega presentation party he had mentioned to one of his father’s friends he was going to be Captain Steve Roger’s bonded omega when he came of age.  Once the man had stopped chuckling he had informed Tonty that Captain Roger aka Captain America was long dead, lost to the depth of the ocean during World War II.
Odin has renounced Loki as his adopted son hence, he is no longer a prince of Asgard.  He is half Asgardian and half Jotun, a combination of Asir omega and Jotun breeder whore.
Steve couldn’t look Natasha in the face later that night as they returned to their rooms, he had cum all over Tony twice after the first blow job, the Captain reaming out Tony’s ass and cunt until the omega had collapsed unconscious to the floor.  He thought that would be the end of it but he and Natasha were ordered to carry the spent omega over to the breeding bench and strap him down, being careful to place his pregnant belly in to the specially cut out hole, and a ring gag in his mouth.
“Sweetheart, you look beautiful, my best girl.  Tonight, l am going to slowly strip you out of these clothes and fuck you just wearing your collar and stockings.”
Other world Bruce settles down in 'The Captains' World.
It was easy to move the mirror and place it in front of the cot on the swivel stand that had been hidden.  When the bell rang the first thing his boy would see when he woke would be the mirror, he would be waiting and watching ready to give him instructions.  Stevie would learn that there was no escape, but if he knew anything, his Stevie would not learn easily.  Running his fingers through the blond’s hair he kissed him gently on the lips before he silently left.
Continuing to massage Tony’s glands and mating bond he fed his cock down his omega’s throat, gripping a handful of hair he held him still and proceeded to face fuck him pumping load after load of cum into his omega’s stomach enjoying the stillness of his omega whose eyes had glazed over and was falling deeper and deeper into the bond floating away on a cloud of pleasure.
“Look at you little cocklet all soft and pink, really just a large clit now and once your balls are gone you will just dry orgasm like the little bitch you really are.”
“S Steve, what the fuck have you done to me?  How am I supposed to go out in public and run my company looking like this!  I am never going to be taken seriously, everyone will laugh at me and ridicule me.  H..how could you do this to me?”
“I have spent time in many different countries and studied the culture and traditions of Alpha/Omega pairings and have found that the success of such matings is higher when there is clear set of rules and behaviours put in place by the Alpha and enforced through praise and punishment, that the obviously weaker and more emotional omega has to abide by.
“Such a good Captain for me, now when l knot you you can come but only on my command, just like the pretty submissive bitch you are.’
Tony cuddles closer, he wasn’t sure what to think.  It was difficult to reconcile the Pepper that bossed him around and nagged him to do his work and attend board meetings, with this naked and collared Pepper who allowed the Avengers and Happy to do whatever they wanted to her body, usually without any objection.
Also, l am quite capable of looking after myself, l don’t need security, l have the armour and Jarvis.”
May shuddered as she felt the beginning wave of yet another orgasm, she stared at Bruce’s cold hard face, there was no emotion, no sign that he cared for her, no softness of expression that had always been on Ben’s face when he looked at her.
How could he have been so stupid, of course he would need to earn back his Watcher’s presence.  He started with the basics, to show he had not forgotten his first lessons, then progressed to the more difficult and erotic poses as the days continued.  Days passed the cracks in the mirror slowly repairing, but
Tony snuggled closer, completely unaware of the cock rutting against his padded behind and of the surprise waiting for him when his daddy initiate playtime later that evening.
How is Tony going to cope with may be two Alphas and pups to look after.
“Now that’s no way to speak to your Captain, going to have punish you for such a potty mouth and for using such disrespectful words towards your Team Leader.  Now let’s get you emptied and cleaned, we have a busy morning Dr Banner is waiting for us in medical and you still haven’t had your morning disciplining session yet.”
Tony had to learn that his obedience and submission needed to be constant not just when it suited him to get what he wanted.  It was going to be a difficult two weeks but Steve knew it would be worth it.
You can guess what happened, tricked her into leaving the Truck and going inside for a cold drink, the minute the door closed he was on her, he is six feet four and she barely makes five. He fucked, knotted and mated her in less than ten minutes.
“Mr Stark I have an important document that needs your signature right away, Captain Rogers will release your hand and I would appreciate it if you would sign without any of your usual prevarication.  I do not have the time for your nonsense today; I had to reschedule an important board meeting to come here.
“How long have you been pretending to be little, Tony?  Don’t lie to me, l am incredibly angry right now that you have broken yet another hard rule.”
“ Bring him along to the meeting on Monday and l will take you up on your offer, Darcy will reciprocate, she has excellent cock sucking skills.”
Natasha put all her power into her Alpha voice, testing to see if the hormone injections had had any affect on her.  She was pleased to see Pepper’s hesitate as she lifted her hand to push the door open and glance back at Natasha.
“Now Pepper get up and go shower, there will be a dresser waiting to help you get ready afterwards.  If you do not arrive exact at midday, l will take that to mean you renounce your Pack and your position as CEO. If that is the case, you will leave here with nothing but the clothes on your back and a resettlement payment in your bank account.”
“B..but l need to read it first, don’t l?  Pepper always makes me read any contract l am going to sign.”
For a blink of an eye, he didn’t comprehend what was happening and then he felt the impact of the metal cock head on his cervix and the smack of his ass on the stool as he was impaled fully, the vibrations against his prostrate thrumming.  Then it hit, the searing pain mixed with the wild bliss of his orgasm. A scream ripped from his throat, as wave after wave hit him, he was trapped, unable to move, Steve’s hands on his shoulders held him in place as he shook and screamed.  The vibrations became stronger, there was no escaping the constant rub against his sweet spot and the thud of the cock head.
Steve watched as his Omega worked, blue screens flickering on and off as Tony jumped from one project to another focused completely on his work.  Each finished blue print sent to servers hidden below Avengers Tower guarded by JARVIS, fabrication units hummed in the back of the workshop creating proto-types to be sent to Stark Industries R&D department for the lab rats to wonder over and be amazed at the sheer brilliance of the creative mind of Tony Stark.
Winter ran his fingers over the exposed crystal beads, pushing the large beads between Tony’s pussy lips up in to the omega’s tight cunt, smirking as Tony whimpered as the beads in his anus were pulled tight against his stuffed hole.
I know this must seem unfair and unjust but think of what would happen to Stark Industries and to Ms Potts, your Iron Man suits and Jarvis if the Government seized everything, having decided that you were complicit in covering up your orientation.  You should be proud of Ms Potts and your legal team for being able to negotiate with the Judges and the Registry, to persuade them that you were absolutely unaware of your orientation and that the damage to Stark Industries and yourself, would be astronomical if matters were taken further.
“Come along Omega, perfect, behaviour tonight the President will be in attendance.  Do not disappoint us Tony, you will be severely punished if you do, likewise you will receive a special reward if you please your Alphas and show the President and the Elite Alphas perfect omega behaviour for the whole of our time at the Gala.”
Winter’s metal fingers joined Jarvis’s pushing up into his pussy, thumb rubbing his clit in time with the armour’s cock pushing against his prostate. Steve watched as Tony was fucked ruthlessly by the all metal appendages, Winter being careful not to touch him with any flesh part of his body.  Tony’s eyes stared pleadingly at him, his whole body shaking with frustrated arousal.
“All is forgiven omega, time for your check-up the doctor is ready for us now, don’t worry about getting dressed as the doctor will need to carry out a full physical, as an Inspector from the Registry will also be attending.  Tony you need to be on your best behaviour and comply with anything that need to be done during the examination, he is here to view your progress and to ensure that you have reached the required standard of training so far.  He will make allowances for the fact you will not have been able to practice all the omega presentation positions, but he will expect that you to know the attempt the correct position when he says the name of it.
“No, you can’t do that, I know you are just messing with me, Bruce will be back for later, this is alpha just punishing me for being a brat.”
“You have already been replaced, omegas are not allowed by law to hold management positions or have any responsibility for employees.
Traditional pack structure that had fallen by the wayside in this modern era would also be lauded as a way to balance the disparity in the number of omegas in relation to Alphas, it would also widen the gene pool having one omega bred by their whole pack.
Pepper fucks and bonds with Peter, Happy is there to help his Alpha and Peter.
Slick and juices coated his thighs as he fucked himself hard, the size of the plug meant it hit his prostrate with every thrust, he was aware of the lewd and filthy moans spilling from his lips.
It would be a couple of weeks before they would know the outcome so Steve decided it would be a good time to put into place Pepper’s suggested punishment.  It would serve two purposes one to keep his omega from doing anything strenuous or harmful and two to enforce his complete reliance on his Alpha for all things.
Tony looked exquisite his arms strapped above his head his knees spread wide so that his holes and pretty little cock were on full display. He didn’t bother with the chest or neck strap, wanting full access to the slender neck and pert nipples. He fed his cock into the lax mouth and spilt his load, massaging the omega’s throat to ensure that he didn’t choke as he swallowed.  The small dribble that escape he rubbed into the pale skin covering the slightly swollen neck glands.  His next load he sprayed over the omega’s entire body rubbing the thick cream into his skin, especially around the pert nipples and now plump cock.
Removing his clothes and then the leather belt from Tony’s neck he maneuverer  a silent and dazed Tony into the shower cubicle and under the hot steaming water.  Grabbing the shower gel and loafer he scrubbed a pliant Tony clean inside and out, thankful for all the special attachments the shower possessed.  He tried hard not to think of all the other Alphas who had used these on Tony now was not the time to dwell on that.
He could not stop the needy moan that escaped his lips, the heat in his belly coiled tighter he felt himself thrusting his ass back to meet each smack, aware of the watching guests lust filled looks and the heavy scent of arousal.
He spat out the unwanted flesh and sank his teeth into the now revealed gland, releasing  his alpha bonding serum and pheromones, flooding Stevie’s system.
Tony’s nipples and cunt ached with the cold, weirdly the rest of his body felt warm. The roll of chilled metal piercings over his inner walls had his muscles contracting, clenching down on the massive cock invading his channel.
“Oh fuck, look at how easily l can fit my fist into his sloppy cunt, Sam com on, let’s see if you can fit your cock in as well.  Jason you and David see if you can fit both your cocks in his mouth.
“Gentlemen, the board meeting is adjourned until Friday, omega Peter will be present to offer his apologies for his disruption of today’s meeting.”
“You can spend the night being fucked by Odin; he has sent for you.  Now get going, hands and knees, leash in your mouth, crawl straight to the Throne Room.”
Spider-Man Aka Peter Parker had been the easiest to trace, hiding out in his Aunt’s apartment, reduced to using his old spider suits after Bruce had Karen self-destruct along with the two suits Tony had made for him.  He had come quietly, after Bruce had promised his aunt would not face charges for harbouring an unbounded omega.
Tony unbeknownst to us fell pregnant after his last heat, just before Thanos, thankfully the baby survived even though Tony suffered many injuries and then had to stay on bed rest for the entire pregnancy.
“Silly Natasha, mistaking her yoga bag for your changing bag. You cannot wear that wet shirt, lets see if Nat has anything in this bag that will do.  Hmmm, red silk is a bit slutty, but it will have to do, leave your shirt untucked, and you don’t need your suit jacket now, the formal part of the Gala has ended.”
A compliant obedient Omega in public with a spark of spirit and mischief in private was what he wanted and he would not stop until he got this.  It was a dangerous game to play with Tony but he prize at the end would be worth it.  Once Tony fully submitted and acknowledge their bond and gave into his feelings for his Alpha he would then reward Tony with his own acknowledgement of his feeling for his Omega.
Tony blushes under the intense gaze of his Alpha, he can feel his sex clenching and his plugged hole fluttering as a trickle of slick escapes. He knows that Steve can smell his burgeoning arousal and huffs when Steve just smiles and leads him to the elevator.
“Tony I am so disappointed in you, you have been such a good boy recently why did you have to go and ruin it and make me have to discipline you?  I can only assume that you need to be ingesting even more feed and cum to stop you sneaking other food and drink, I am going to keep you so full from now on.
“Now let’s get you cleaned up and into some fresh clothes, then we are going to have a talk.”
Tony is slipping in to his little headspace with greater ease when Steve is making use of the triggering words.
“Sweetheart you know the drill, over my knee and then tell me why you need to be disciplined.”
“You are a fallen Alpha, no longer entitled to call yourself Alpha.  You will be known from this day forward as, Armless Low Balls.  You will spend your life servicing Asgard’s milk cows, being loaned on occasion to an incredibly special Alpha warrior who wants your cunt for his use.
The All Father has given his permission for me to fight a long side you and more importantly is offering your omegas and their pups the protection of Asgard.”
See how your breasts are getting bigger, filling with milk as your stomach expands, my pups are going to need good strong teats to latch onto, so starting tomorrow you will spend some time on a nipple stretching machine, that will also simulate your milk flow.
Studying the formula he realised that there was the potential to combine it with the extremis antidote to combat the aggressiveness it produced, the high levels of omega neurotransmitters serotonin, dopamine and norepinephrine would  lower the dominance and aggressive tendencies of an infected Alpha.  Extremis needed high levels of Alpha neurotransmitters to emerge and react.
The same rings he had worn to his last board meeting were slipped onto his toes along with ankle cuffs to match his wrists.
8888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
Oh god, why did Steve’s enhanced hearing fail him now, it was so mortifying having to admit to being, a complete novice in all things to do with male on male sex.  What would Steve think when he also found out that his play boy status was another carefully crafted image, most of his supposed conquests had passed out drunk on his bed before they even got to sex.  He had never had that much of a sex drive which made sense now, Obie had always ensured he had women hanging of his arms at any event he attended, and the gutter press always ran stories of his conquests the day after.  Taking a deep breath, he looked up at Steve;
His omega’s cock and nipples were clearly defined, once again he weighed up the merits of smoothing or further docking the bitch.  His omega’s nipples were thick and erect, Jarvis informing him that they were now an inch long.  His pecs had softened and now had the appearance of the soft slight omega breasts that this world’s omegas had.  He wondered if they would swell with milk or stay small as was the way here with male omegas.
Steve let go of his omega’s chest , leaving him to dangle off his knot as he grabbed his hips and started to pound into his bitch,  the high pitched squeals and whines of his omega pushing him over the edge and he could feel the ropes of cum painting Tony’s insides.  He could feel his barbs lock into place as Tony wailed in pain, looking round he motioned to the large security guard that was standing behind his table to come forward.
Bruce stared him in the eye;
Tony smirked as he gobbled up the last of his breakfast, licking the last drop of cream off the spoon.  Clint was such a pushover when it came to extra treats or sneaking him something Steve had said he wasn’t allowed at that time.  It was almost always worth the spankings, although he hated time-out, it was so boring.
“That’s it, baby boy, ride Daddy’s cock, you make me so happy when you behave and don’t make any fuss.  You want to please me don’t you baby?  Have my cock stuffing your special hole day and night, filling you up with my special milk.  Your boy cunt belongs to me, as does every other part of you.”
“ Going to have to get Bruce to work on getting that muzzle off you when l take you back, though it might be wise to keep it on for a while until you settle and do as you are told, so that nobody knows you aren’t the original Tony.
Tony loved the nursery and when not in his workshop could be found either in one of the rocking chairs or resting amongst the cushions on the bed, Bucky was the one to point out to Steve that their omega was starting to nest in preparation for the birth, his mother having been a midwife he recognised the signs.
“Hello baby boy, Daddy is here now and is going to make everything all better.  Come on let’s feed you this yummy bottle of milk and they you can have a nap, then you will get to see Auntie Pepper and all the lovely presents she has bought you.”
Hands clasped together they helped each other up chattering away in their own little language, only for the whole process to start again, no matter how many times the twins never tired of it.
With Betty he had injected her breasts so they would triple in size and produce enough milk for the pups, he had removed her clit hood and pierced it along with her cunt lips, perineum, septum and tongue.  Once the pups were born and weaned, he would pierce her breasts and nipples as he had no plans to breed her again himself, but he would almost certainly use her in the hybrid breeding program, the three omegas were all highly intelligent and it would be a waste not to procreate that gene.
After biding goodbye to the Inspector, Steve turned sweeping Tony up into his arms, holding him tight whilst peppering kisses all over his face.
Now let me take off that wet diaper and get you in the shower first, l know you must be uncomfortable as you didn’t have your morning enema.
Steve tracked Winter’s naked figure as he walked out of the shower room, heart racing in his chest and his breath catching in his throat.  Reaching down he ran his fingers through the cum dripping down his thigh, lifting his fingers to his lips he sucked off the thick cream a small smile tracing his lips. Adjusting his cock, he rinsed off the rest of the cum before drying and dressing he had a sudden yearning to fuck his omega until he screamed for mercy.
Steve led his omega to the fucking bench situated in the middle of the sunken floor, helping him straddle to bench he guided him down on to the two huge dildos, enjoying Tony’s whine as his holes were filled and the dildos began to vibrate.  Steve made quick work of strapping his omega’s ankles and knees then pulling his arms behind his back securing his wrists in the leather cuffs attached to the rear of the bench.  Steve clipped a thin chain to Tony’s piercing stretching the small cock before attaching the other end to a small ring at the front for the bench, finally he pushed a 2 inch ball gag in Tony’s mouth, fingers stroking the stretched lips.
There was still some way to go before this Tony relinquished all his previously learned omega behaviours. Before he truly embraced the truth that he was nothing, that his only reason for being was to serve his Alpha.  Tony may think he had feelings for him, but they could just be a transference from his own universe, but it was something to build on to take advantage of.
“Mrs Parker, It, has come to our attention that your nephew Peter has been keeping secrets about his night time activities and lying to you about his orientation. He also been found to have trespassed and taken and sold unauthorised photos of Omega Stark Winter Rogers and one of his Alphas at the Presidential Gala.
Chapter 63
Tony struggled to get out of the tub, his limbs shaking from exhaustion, but this was his chance, Steve’s note book and pen were on the arm of the chair, he just needed to get to them before he returned.  It was slow going, he was breathless, and his limbs ached, but he made it.  Just as he picked up the pen a large hand clamped down on his wrist, squeezing it until he dropped the pen.
“Fuck!  Let me out! Your sick in the head Steve!  Come on let me out and we can talk, get you the help you need.
This Natty bitch is whelping the first litter of human/hound hybrids. It’s safer for her this way, less chance of her hurting herself or the pups.  The Professor also says the hounds will want to scent the pups and claim her again straight away, so she needs in a submissive position for that to happen.”
“Now baby, this is the second part of your punishment, daddy told you that naughty boys get their backsides spanked.  You will receive twenty smacks and once I am finished you will say ‘thank you daddy’ then all will be forgiven.”
Tony’s natural olive skin tone had been enhanced with a dusting of bronzing powder emphasising his cheek bones and his soft plump lips coated with shaded gloss.
“I am just going to check that the head of the breeding pouch has closed so that the pups are secure, this of course will not stop cum from filtering through to provide sustenance for the pups.
I may at some stage write a dark non consensual version of this fic.  I am finding it very difficult to write happy and fluffy Steve/Tony
After a full body scan and blood works, we will then initiate the second phase with the introduction of the specially adapted serum and the new genetic markers that you have chosen. Dr Banner will discuss with you what you can expect from this new genetically modified serum.
Help me!
“Mine!’
Winter snarled and kicked back at the handler, teeth still biting the soft flesh, anther blinding slash of pain had him spitting out blood and nuzzling the fat teat rubbing against his face.  His nostrils twitched when he caught their sweet milky scent, taking the teat into his mouth he sucked hard on the fat nub his mouth flooding with sweet creamy nectar.  With every mouthful his desire grew, when he could no longer get any milk he moved to her other breast, teeth grazing the nipple stripping the skin until it was raw, then he sucked hard to get big mouthfuls of milk, his cock still pulsing cum into her cunt.
With his knot firmly filling and stretching Tony’s breeding channel he watched as Tony’s already plump belly, swells even further with each load of cum.  His beautiful omega lay still and quiet beneath him as his seed caught, the subtle change in Tony’s scent had him roaring in victory, teeth sinking deep into his second bonding gland, ripping the flesh, releasing the last of his omega’s bonding pheromones, entwining Omega and Alpha together forever.
There had never been anything sexual between them Pepper had made it clear from the start that it was a firm line that would not be crossed she preferred meek biddable omegas and once she met Happy Hogan she found her perfect omega, he worshipped the ground she walked on and would never disrespect or deny her.  He would often throw Tony disappointed looks when his antics made Pepper shout and if the paddle made an appearance he would not speak to Tony for days.
Once the board meeting and product launch are finished I will announce that Tony is taking some time off to settle into his bond and become the perfect omega for his alpha.
Chapter 82
Tony was numb as Steve placed him across his knees and bought the paddle down hard on his behind, he couldn’t even count out the strikes, his voice frozen. When the paddle stopped abruptly, he startled only now registering the burn, he let it a moan as Steve began to pinch and rub his reddened cheeks, the sharp spikes of pain, kickstarting his thought processes.
“Ste…Alpha that’s it, the combination of both our research has allowed me to complete the formula.   It will need to be tested thoroughly after a panel of doctors has verified my research, but you will be able to eventually cure Ms Potts.”
Grabbing Tony’s head he stands pulling his omega with him so that he is out from under the table in full view, using the leash he secures Tony’s hands behind his back. Hands holding his omega’s head firmly in position he thrusts his length in and out rapidly, Tony can do nothing but kneel there and take it lips stretched wide pre cum and spit slipping down his chin the angle of his head allowing the huge cock to ravage his mouth and throat with little resistance.
Tossing the loofah on the floor he picked up a soft wash cloth and started to drag it over his omega’s nipples and around his breasts, smirking as Tony hissed and mewled with each pass over his highly sensitive nipples.  The plumb hard buds stood high, the surrounding areola dark against the pale skin of his breasts, Steve licked his lips at the sight of the milk laden tits bobbing in the water.
Steve smiled as he bit down on the back of Tony’s neck, amused by his bossy little omega’s demands. He would let him get away with his sass in the privacy of their bedroom, but woe betide his omega if he ever acted this way in public.
Steve decided to heat both brands before making a decision after all there was nothing to say that he could not use both.  He smiled at the thought, Tony’s body just called out to be marked brand or tattoo. Tony would not be able to escape from Steve and everyone would know that Tony belonged to Captain America.
He reasoned it was his natural, primal Alpha responding to an omega in heat and distress, so he was protecting, and fucking Stark like any responsible Alpha would do.
Come along Peter I am going to make your face up so that your Alpha will have the complete package when she comes to collect you.  Don’t worry I will explain how to do everything so that in no time you will be an expert in making up your face.”
He is sitting resting on the bench after finishing his own workout when he sees Steve over  by the free weights, his eyes are drawn to the huge muscles straining as he lifts the weights, sweat running down his bare chest, tracksuit bottoms hang low on his hips.  Tony knows he should stop staring, he can feel his wayward cock stirring as Steve bends over and he gets a view of his tight butt cheeks. He zones out for a moment, only to find that Steve is now standing directly in front of him and he is eye level with his crotch. Stammering some nonsense about a board meeting he all but runs from the gym, hiding his erection with his Stark-pad.
Steve who had been watching for the last few minutes moved forward to trace the purple teeth marks on her left breast.  Pepper didn’t react at all as he toyed with her nipple, squeezing it until it to was as purple and swollen as the bite marks.
“Naughty bitch! You don’t get to cum unless l allow it. Such a shame, you were doing so well up until now.  Bruce l think Pepper needs to be reminded that her cunt and clit belongs to her Pack Alpha, do you have a tow rope in your car?
“Aye, he will need you as his Alpha, he can never have the serum again, his body would reject it immediately and Asgardians hold absolute disdain for fallen alphas, even the ‘bottom’ shield brother during war time is never held in such high regard afterwards. They usually leave Asgard or become that Alpha’s steward and retire to his estate until they are cast out once the dominant one tires of them.
When you are feeling big, we will talk about what happened and a suitable punishment.”
Winter curled on the floor his cock and balls burning, blood dripping from the torn flesh on the underside of his cock.  His ass hole throbbing as the plug vibrated, stimulating all his nerve ends, his cock rock hard despite the whipping it had received.
He had also completed all the repairs to the Avengers weapons not that there had been anything major, the upgrades to Clint’s bow and the widow’s bites were things he could do in his sleep.  Fabricating more stretch pants for Bruce he had left to JARVIS.  The bots had taken great delight in attempting to polish Steve’s shield and were peeping and twirling in excitement waiting for Tony to let them at the Iron Man armour.
Sarah, knows already  that Tony may be her mother, but he is only an omega and therefore below her in the Pack, she was already pulling away to be with the strongest alpha.  She appreciates that her intelligence comes from Tony and he will be able to help educate her, but she is of an age now where she is naturally drawn to the company of other alphas and doesn’t want to be babied. She always wondered why she wasn’t like the other children at her school who were all cry babies and wanted there dams all the time.
Untangle and cut the twisted black threads, release the omega to Thor and Asgard.”
Our world needs to be repopulated and the infrastructure rebuild to support future generations.  We can only do this if the balance of Alpha/Omega is restored.
Small talk followed as they waited for tea to be served, Lady Sophia constantly trying turn the topic of conversation to omega rights, but the President was having none of it.
“Sweet boy, this is such a good look for you.  I am going to order you some pretty panties to wear when you are my little twink and cute shorts and dungarees for my kindergartener.
There was a further discussion between Steve and the director of photography at the end of the shoot,  before he what was happening all the crew apart from the director of photography had moved out of the room.
Physical discipline.
“The muzzle is impossible to remove it seems to be bonded to his skin, it’s some kind of advanced nano technology.  Probably only removed by voice command, so you won’t be able to remove it as your accent is different to the Captain’s.
Stomach finally full of the sweet nectar he drew back and started to fuck his omega in earnest, large hands still grasping both tits. Tony’s whimpering and whining only makes him more aroused as did the steady trickle of milk from the breast he had not emptied. Scooping some of the milk on to his fingers he pushes them in to Tony’s mouth.
“Well Captain Rogers I think we will get along famously.  I will continue as CEO Stark Industries and look after all finances in regards to you company and your private wealth.  If you are in agreement please read and sign these contracts and then you can get back to your omega, I will need his signature on one document before I go but other than that I will leave him in your more that capable hands.
Suddenly his cock felt like it was trapped in a vice Steve’s large hand squeezing it tighter and tighter the sudden shock of pain bringing clearing Tony’s mind.
The Press Conference is a feeding frenzy of reporters and photographers, all wanting to get the perfect picture or answer to their questions.  Steve strides onto the stage, leash in hand with Tony keeping perfect place behind him.  His eyes are lowered, and he refuses every request that he look up, into the cameras, he feels exposed in the clothes that his Alpha has chosen for him, aware how much his body has changed in the past four days.
“Oh, sweet heart, don’t cry, all finished now. I know it is all a bit over whelming, but the doctor will be along in a moment to explain everything.  Now I am just going to get Alpha Rogers, nothing like getting some good old comfort from your Pack Alpha.”
“Stupid fat cow, don’t think a few pathetic tears are going to stop me doing what ever I want, I own you and just so you remember that, I am going to brand your butt with my family cattle mark, just like all the real dairy milk cows.
Steve had noticed his omega starting to drift off and had deliberately chosen the largest spoon for the next mouthful.  He wanted Tony’s full attention on his punishment, wanted him aware of every spoonful that passed his lips, wanted him to feel his belly filling to the point of bursting and still having to swallow down whatever his Alpha wanted.
Master Bjorn signalled it was time to remove the stud, Karl stepped forward, pressing the stun baton against Winter plug, the shock travelling through the metal to stun all the stud’s nerves, instantly deflating his knot and softening his cock enough for him to drag the stud off, sending him sprawling to the floor. With practised ease he had the alpha’s cock and balls bound tight, a few hard tugs and the stud’s cock was thick and hard, standing straight up.
Raising his hand, he cracked down on Tony’s left cheek before swiftly smacking his right. Keep a steady rhythm but withholding most of his strength he alternated smacks until his omega’s ass cheeks glowed and Tony’s hitched breathing was the only noise to be heard.  Digging his fingers in to the heated flesh he scratched his nails over the reddened skin, his omega’s hiss of pain and tearful whimpering satisfying him that his omega was truly sorry.
“Oh, sweetheart l am so happy and so proud of you.  This is wonderful, two little babies for us to love and cherish, you are going to be such a brilliant mother.”
Pepper turned and began to make her way towards the elevator, they were all insane and she did t know why she had gone along with this farce for the last few months.  Yes she had been scared of being turned int a permanent Sex Doll and made to do more unspeakable things, but no more, she would find someone to undo the conditioning and the she would sue Steve Rogers and Happy, just wait until he told her story to the Press, the Avengers would be finished and Rogers and Natasha would be jailed.
Steve didn’t have the heart to say no to Tony, who was looking up at him with big wide pleading eyes, fingers nervously plucking at his soft blanket as he waited for his response.  Still it wouldn’t do to give in straight away, it would be a good opportunity to introduce the reward system to his omega.
“Pathetic little meg, do you really think that the Captain would let you go without a fight.  Did you think that we would not be able to track you?  Idiotic breeder!  Your body is a full of trackers that cannot be disabled and are undetectable.”
I will help you all I can, when the time comes for you to retrieve your omega, Steve had no right to steal him away, knowing he was bonded to you and pregnant.  The other Avengers only tolerated me because they were scared of the Hulk, Tony was the only one who treated me as a friend and cared what happened to the Hulk and myself.
Cum dribbled out of the corner of his mouth as he failed to control his whines of distress as Hulk relentlessly milked his prostrate whilst ruining his passage with his now massive finger.
“Good Boy I accept your apology and your submission.  Know that I will always be here for you to guide you and correct you. Forgiveness has to be earned but will freely be given when the lesson has been learned.”
Also the discipline was so that Stark would not contemplate disobeying him again, and not try to escape and maybe buried deep in the back of his mind it was because he knew that here with this Stark he had the freedom to do it and it didn’t matter, there would be no consequences as this omega was already being  punished daily for his transgressions and was probably now used to how Alphas in his society would treat him as an omega for the rest of his life.
Lets not forget your pretty whimpering and mewls of pleasure, how easily you say yes alpha.  How your mind shouts out for me to feed your need to be fucked and owned, belittled and humiliated.
Steve and Dr Gottlieb had been watching Tony’s latest therapy session from the control room, this one had been extremely long, coming up for 10 hours. Dr Gottlieb had been adamant that this session was needed to breakthrough the barriers in Tony’s mind to subliminally implant the conditioning phrase.  It would only end when Tony freely uttered the magic work, once spoken there would be no going back, his baby would finally acknowledge that Steve was his Daddy and then they could then progress on to the next set of conditioning therapies.
Exhaling the breath he had not realised he had been holding he turned head held high and proceeded to leave the room, not even turning when he heard the loud gasps and his name being called from the group behind him.
Jarvis had informed him that his omega was healing and his energy levels were increasing steadily so that with a few more hours of rest and feeding his body would be useable again, apart from his cunt which would need another twenty four hours to be healed enough to take an Alpha cock. Even then the healing flesh would be incredibly sensitive to any kind of touch or stimulation.
“Right, let’s get started, sweetie why don’t you crawl up between Pepper’s legs and curl up, we have already filmed her in labor and delivering her egg, special effects can edit that in later.  Now just follow my direction, your Sir has agreed to everything that is going to happen to you.”
Tony began to cry as his hands and knees started to throb, then to his utter horror his stomach let out a loud gurgle as his bowels emptied in to his already wet diaper. His wails became louder and louder, utterly beside himself at the loss of control, the final humiliation was the feeling of warm pee spreading yet again across the front of his diaper.
Pepper couldn’t help hearing every word he had spoken and could feel the shock and distress rolling of the omega.  Her knot popped, tying her to the sobbing omega, absolutely turned on by the despair and hopelessness rolling off the omega.  Really, she should have some sympathy as they were both in similar positions but at least she couldn’t be used as a breeding machine and the hounds did know how to give her a good hard fuck with their huge cocks.
When his knot popped, he grabbed hold of Steve’s hair, pulling his head up so he could see his face in the mirror.
Fascinated, he watched as the tendrils of magic thickened, joining together to create a cocoon, before slowly being absorbed in to Tony’s body.  Time seemed to stand still as both doctors stood, hands hovering over his baby’s soft cock, minutes passed in silence then the air crackled and popped as gold and green strands of magic streamed back in to their masters’ hands.
Natasha could not believe how dumb he was, still it might work to her advantage, she wanted what this Widow had and if she could get back to the Compound and spin a web of lies, then maybe it would all work out to her advantage.
After that, the vet and one handler just stood to the side and watched Darcy strain to push out the babies, laughing and placing bets on the orientation, sex, and weight.  It still stunned him that due to Bruce’s experiments and research, you were now able to find out a baby’s orientation within minutes of being born with a simple test.
He closed his eyes and let Asgard take him, surround him, and bond him to its Kings.
Bruce could for-see that all the pack omegas would be spending time in Asgard during their pregnancies, especially as it meant they could be bred more than twice a year.  It would be interesting to see how they would be treated on Asgard, perhaps he would accompany Thor, maybe he would be able to get a Juton omega to cross breed with Hulk as they were bigger and stronger.  Hulk always wrecked May’s cunt and it was getting annoying having to waste time healing her in the cradle.
Bucky whispered before taking one of his dusky nipples in his mouth, rolling it between his lips before biting down on the hardening tip.  Alternating between peppering Steve’s chest with light kisses and suckling on his erect nipples he reaches down to run a finger round Steve’s tightly furled hole, using the precum dripping from his cock to slick the way he manages to wriggle the tip of his finger in before Steve hisses and pulls away.
“That’s it sweetheart, now push both those fingers in, just the tips, mmmm, good boy.
Dr Gottlieb has told me that your memories, dreams and nightmares will have become twisted and jumbled due to the trauma of Ty’s attack, that having disobeyed me at the Gala and gone off on your own, you feel guilty and responsible for what happened.  That You may feel you need to be punished and that this could manifest in you denying what you obviously love and need.”
“Tony, it is time to get rid of the last outward show of rebellion of your life as Tony Stark unbonded omega.  You will conform from now on to what is considered acceptable in appearance and behaviour for a bonded omega.”
I have been forced to have sex with so many people as a punishment, used like a common whore, painted with cum and my holes left gapping.  He knotted and sank his barbed cock into my channel, laughing as a screamed and begged for him to stop, but to my utmost shame and humiliation l orgasmed every time he let me.  I screamed and begged for more even though l was in agony.  Any time I protested he would punish me, and l would gladly accept his punishment if it meant I was then forgiven.
Steve you will need to ensure that Tony’s stay at Mountain Rise is successful and I am giving you fair warning that the Judge is going to want to personally examine Tony himself so you need to be prepared for that.  Do not let your possessiveness ruin all that we have worked for, one hour of sharing will ensure that Tony and Stark Industries will be under our control forever, you will have the relationship you have always wanted from Tony and I will keep Stark Industries running as the top fortune 500 Company.
BB put those plump lips to work l want her nipples raw and weeping, every brush of them on the floor as she crawls back to the residence needs to be excruciating.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Winter set off on his security sweep checking each floor before descending to Tony’s work shop to ensure that it was completely sealed up.  He knew that Jarvis could handle the security and there was really no need for him to also check but he was feeling decidedly unsettled.
Get his interior designer in to redo the Penthouse, I want it in greys and whites, leather sofas with some fabric accent chairs, sturdy enough for fucking and punishing a naughty omega over.  Have a nursery outfitted for Sarah, traditional white wood furniture, pink and white walls.
Bucky hung on to Steve, tears in his eyes he stuttered out a brief telling of what had happened after his fall from the train. Hydra, torture, the chair, his alter ego the winter soldier, how he was conditioned to torture and kill on Hydra’s orders.
Steve bit through the soft flesh covering her alpha gland, sucking on her blood and alpha hormones.  He took just enough to lessen her superior dominant instincts, leaving her still alpha enough to run the company for now, but unable to ever become a pack leader again.
By the time the doctor returned with the test results their omega was kneeling naked between them, hands bound behind his back, both his holes plugged, knees spread to accommodate his pregnant belly with a ball gag strapped in his mouth. Two individual chains attached to his collar were each tightly wound round one of his full breasts, both Alphas had a hold of the one end of each chain and were amusing themselves by pulling on each bound breast to see how far apart they could separate them.
Steve and Winter ease out of their omega when their knots finally go down, after stripping off their clothes they arrange Tony, so he is bent face down over the desk, his stocking clad legs dangling, toes inches away from the floor.  Winter removes the ruined corset, the material shredded by his metal hand as he doesn’t have the patience to unlace the ribbons.
You have been warned.
Sitting back on his heels he tried to look innocent but gave it up as pointless when he felt Loki’s cum dripping down his face.
Steve and Tony in the work shop.
A screech of surprise was followed by the thud of a body hitting the floor, yanking on the ankle he dragged the captured omega from the passageway after kicking the panel door wide open.  The small omega appeared unconscious arms curled protectively round his large belly, a trickle of blood ran down his face from a small wound on his forehead.
“Sweetheart, such a good omega for choosing to submit to your Alpha’s will, for being such a good boy I will let you hold your Stark pad whilst I feed you, once the dialysis is set up you can update Jarvis’s protocols to show your change in status and I would also like for you to update the security measures in the tower and as your Alpha you will need to provide myself with overrides codes for all areas in case of any emergencies.”
Jumping up onto the dais he caught his first real look at Tony Stark or as he was now Tony Pup and it didn’t disappoint.  His plump ass cheeks framed his tight  hole, he could  see slick leaking already from the twitching ring. Wide spread thighs gave him a clear view of the bitch’s piss slit, but it was the stubby nub that was all that remained  of Tony’s cock that caught his full attention and caused the Wolf to howl in delight.
Judge Edward’s contemplated the stern faced CEO and the obviously emotionally devastated Captain Rogers.  Two very different people but both appeared deeply invested in the health and wellbeing of Anthony Stark.  He had already made his decision based on the facts he had read in the secure court papers submitted the day before but hearing the private testimonies of the two closest people to Mr Stark cemented his decision.
Tony flushed red as he pulled up his shorts, thankful they were black didn’t show his wet crotch and asshole to much. His nipples were rock hard and could clearly be seen peaking out the top of his bra, but Steve told him to leave them be until they went to the gym after they had eaten.
Chapter 92
“You know, l just wanted to kill you outright, wipe you of the face of my world.  But Bruce has taken an interest in you and has devoted a lot of time and effort into weakening you and manipulating you into being his bitch.  So l am going to fuck you to show you how a real ALPHA fucks and dominates his Omega, so that you know exactly what l am doing to Tony every day, and you can see how pathetic your attempts were to satisfy him.”
He couldn’t wrap his mind around what was happening, the constant barrage of pain and fucking over the last week, fragmenting his thoughts, the Alpha dominant hierarchical social structure of this world was a complete shock, after the equality of own world.  The extremely dominating presence of this Captain America had his omega instincts racing to the fore, screaming for him to submit and present his neck, only years of dealing with the Army Brass and Stark Industries board of directors had him retaining just enough strength to desperately fight his instinctive need to yield completely.
The serum had obviously had an effect on her drive for dominance, but he could see that Pepper still fought against her need to submit.  Natasha should only have needed to catch her eye to alert Pepper to her untoward behaviour, that she had to physically ground her as well, meant the there was more work to be do.
Steve licks his lips at the sight of his naked omega, watching Tony from the bathroom door listening in on his thoughts. His cock stirs at the sight of Tony’s plump round ass cheeks, his furled hole winking at him as his omega bends to pick up the dropped towel.  Steve could not contain himself any longer, it had been three days since the pups were born, three days of waiting for his omega to heal, three days of jerking off and feeding his omega his bottled cum, three days of not being able to drink from his omega’s fat teats.  Meg had finally left that morning and now he had his omega to himself.
Drumming his feet against the legs of the high chair, his cries became louder in between his daddy calmly spooning porridge in to his mouth, a firm finger under his chin keeping his mouth closed until he swallowed.
“Pour little omega, do you want my cock in your slutty whore cunt, want to feel full and complete?
Steve felt a searing pain on his shoulder  where Odin placed his hand, the smell of burning flesh filled the room.
Natasha crouched down in front of Natty,
“Happy, you are my primary omega and as such there will be a difference in the way you are treated, Peter will need to understand that you hold authority over him in my home, you will have privileges that he will not have be entitled to, one of which is that you will sit by my side above him unless I say otherwise or we are in the playroom.”
Hulk and Jella spent their lives with the Tree Giants, raising their children, many who became warriors for Asgard.
Thor and Sita left Loki with the healers, they would be called when it was time to collect her.
After grabbing a few items that he would need from his room Bruce made his way back to the monitoring room, he could feel Hulk stirring in the back of his mind, curious as to why he was being allowed out to play with the fragile human female.  The doctor was so engrossed that she didn’t even realise Bruce had returned until his hands were tightening the leather cord he had slipped round her neck, startling a shocked gasp from her. Raising her hands, she tried to grasp hold of the twisted leather cord, but an enlarged green hand batted them away, bringing tears to her eyes with the force of the slap. Forced from the chair to her knees on the floor she choked as large fingers found pulled her mouth open, pressing a hard rubber ring gag behind her teeth.
Tony made it through four knotting’s before his energy gave out, Steve praising him and rewarding him with kisses and chocolate treats for being such a good slut, a wonderful cum dump, a knot whore and cock warmer.  Each word of praise has his tiny cock standing to attention and squirting at the touch of Steve’s fingers.
Steve could only stare, stunned by the appearance of the battered and scorched armour, mind flashing back to the battle three weeks ago when Beta Tony Stark had fallen from the sky, hit by an EMP device he had crashed to the ground amidst ruins of the latest Dr Doom attack.   Since then Stark had been in a coma, not even the Cradle had been enough to heal all his injuries. TBI and PVS had been the words the doctors used to describe his condition.
“I want to view the files of each potential donor, there will also be a limit to the number of children conceived.  They must not be informed of who their father is without my consent and Tony’s name is not to be on any birth certificate that can be viewed by the child until such a time as I give my permission.
Steve allowed Tony a few minutes to settle down, slapping his plump cheeks occasionally when Tony whined or tried to grasp hold of his legs.  Eventually he stilled head and arms dangling towards the floor, Steve could hear his soft whimpers and gasps as Steve began to move around the room.   Tony’s weight was nothing against the super soldier serum and his huge knot kept him firmly in place, when he felt his knot beginning to soften, he returned to the mirror.
“Yes Alpha.”
Steve watched as his cock fucked in and out of his omega’s puckered hole, thumbs stretching it wider fingers digging into the soft mounds of Tony’s butt cheeks. He kept up a constant steady speed enjoying his omega’s mewls of frustration as he kept him on the brink of orgasm.
Steve entered the therapy room and stood in front of a kneeling Pepper, “Sex Doll, suck my cock, take it all and don’t move.”
A week passed, Steve finally threw away the camisole and knickers when breakfast didn’t appear, he needed the large meals, he had discovered even though he was small his metabolism ran at the same pace as when he had been transformed in to Captain America. He searched the chest again, fingers feeling all the different fabrics, he settled on a blue satin teddy that at least would not leave his cock dangling free.
Nodding his head he allowed Steve to gently wash his body, when he passed the sponge over his cock he felt it twitch and his hole clench. Cheeks bright red he hoped Steve hadn’t noticed.
“Stevie why don’t we give the bitch its injections now so that these pathetic little titties can become the udders the slutty cow needs to feed our pups.
“As I was saying gentlemen there are some projects that are not just for lining the coffers of Stark Industries, clean energy and water purification for underdeveloped countries will take time and money.  It’s not all about padding out your pension fund!
Once the beacon was set, there was nothing to do but wait, Steve scanned the area, whilst Tony sat arms wrapped round his bump, worrying at his lip. His stomach was cramping with nerves and his breasts ached as they were full of milk, he could feel the damp patches forming on the front of his t-shirt where his nipples were leaking.
“Fuck! can’t wait to fuck you when your belly is swollen with my babies, going to keep you naked and horny all the time, have you hanging off my knot from your cunt and your asshole, begging me to breed you and fill you’re greedy holes.”
“Captain Rogers thank you for answering all the questions on the rebuilding and unification of our new world.
Pinning the omega’s arms, he pinched his nipples, digging his nails into the tender flesh before he slammed him against the massive floor-length window, grabbing his hair to jerk his head back so as not to hit his face.
He cannot divorce her as he would lose access to her inheritance,  her family are also desperate to have her independent omega status taken care of and have indicated that if she is fully ‘omegafied’ legally by the time he returns, they will put their political might behind him and ensure that the Bill has an easy pass through the House of Lords.”
Tony screamed as Steve’s cock breached his channel fully with one hard thrust and then continued to fuck him like an animal, grunting and growling as he covered the omega with his heavy weight bending him in half.  Each painful thrust drew howls of agony from his throat, soon he began to feel the swell of the Steve’s knot, the size splitting him open once fully formed.
Hmmm, good size, swollen and purple, you can see how restrictive the band has been, it will only take a moment to remove the useless testis and seal the wound.”
Steve gave Tony a quick enema then quickly dried him off and put him in a diaper and onesie even though he knew he was not in his little headspace; the soft fabric of the onesie would feel better on aching limbs. Climbing onto the bed he settled Tony on his lap and placed a bottle against his lips.
“Now none of that my omega, you cannot hide from me I see you, I feel you I hear you!
Tony squirmed as the friction began to heat his nether regions, his holes pulsing waiting to be filled. Spreading his knees wider hands gripping the sides of the tub for leverage he raised his hips so that the tip of the loofah caught on rim of his asshole the angle was awkward but he just needed something in his hole not used to them being empty now, another reason to hate fucking doctor appointments.
Steve was triumphant as he strode through the empty medical ward with Tony still impaled on his cock, a sheet wrapped round them.  Friday opened the elevator doors and whisked them straight to his floor.
The portfolio will be available for you to view online this afternoon and delivered to your Office tomorrow.  If there are any photos that you wish enlarged, you only have to email with your choice and the size.”
“That will not be necessary Bruce, Tony will bond with Winter and we will breed him, Winter deserves the chance of getting pups on his omega just as I have.  Tony has shown what a good mother he is so there is no reason not to breed him, as you stated the serum is doing its work.”
Hours later she woke abruptly as the midwife twisted and tugged her nipples to hardness before latching on the babies.
“Steve, it a semester silly.  I told you that l wouldn’t need more than one, to get to the second level and l was right. Now can we go get food, l am really hungry and want a double bacon cheeseburger with fries and a extra large strawberry milkshake.”
“I think we need to discuss this more Bucky, I don’t want to risk doing more damage, I want to bond fully with you but we need to get professional advice on your situation, Dr Banner is the best person to help as his alter ego is The Hulk,”
The lights along with the music are turned down low in the workshop, the only bright spots are the holograms floating in front of the work bench he is sitting at.  The girls are sound asleep in their crib being guarded by the bots, Dum-E is gently rocking the crib with his claw, fire extinguisher for once nowhere in sight.  U and Butterfingers are quietly watching their brother, giving the occasional beep urging Dum-E to let them have a turn rocking the babies.
Chapter 2
His Alpha had decided that the second brand could wait until tomorrow it would be a celebration of the mating bond fully snapping into place. Tony would be allowed to choose where the brand went if he was able to follow all his Alpha’s orders and behave like a proper Omega for the next 24 hours.
He unstrapped the now semi-conscious omega and carried him over to his bed, settling himself against the headboard with a still naked Tony cradled between his thighs. Petting the omega’s curls, he waited for him to full awaken.
Steve remembered being so embarrassed as they had walked home soaking wet, the looks people gave them, Tony had just laughed, not an ounce of shame. Steve remembered how he had worried and stressed that they would appear on the front of the newspapers the next morning, how he wasn’t ready for everyone to know he was seeing Tony, he wanted to take things slow, wanted to ensure that he was making the right decision and that Tony was ready to settle down and bond.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and just hugged him to his chest, kissing the top of his head.
“This suite is for your exclusive use during Mr Starks stay with us, all medical personnel will enter Mr Stark’s room through the medical corridor so you will have full privacy, though this door is Mr Stark’s medical room, please ensure that he does not have access to this area during the early part of his Conditioning treatments it is very detrimental the the mind set of the patient.”
The lab floor was littered with broken pieces of the phones and and the delicate tools needed to take them apart.  Tony was just sitting staring at the screwdriver embedded in the wall in front of him.
Jarvis 50% vision, now come along Natty dog, Steve is waiting for you.”
Steve tickled Tony’s ribs, eliciting soft chuckles as his boy squirmed on his lap trying to get away from his wandering fingers.   The thick padding of the diaper pressed down on his cock, he felt the moment Tony’s bladder released and the spreading warmth filling the diaper.  Tony seemed unaware, to intent on trying to fend off his tickling fingers, ignoring his semi-hard cock he stood up and carried Tony over to the high chair, another addition to the nursery and quickly strapped him in and replaced the tray.
3.	Never betray your Alpha and Pack.
Now this is what is going to happen in the next few minutes, you are going to take off your clothes and present yourself for my viewing, I expect you to remain naked at all times when you are alone with me unless I have given you a specific outfit to wear, Rogers I know has given you this directive as well.”
Closing her eyes, she drifted off, thankful that the long tablecloth hid her from view, the President of the United States was not going to flash his cock in public.  A harsh tug on her hair startled her, her face was pushed up against his wiry pubic hair as he thrust his cock fully down her throat, she new better than to struggle but couldn’t help the whimper of pain as he held her in place as his knot inflated.  This was one of his favourite ways of punishing her, of silencing her when she spoke out of turn.  She still couldn’t fathom how he could knot her mouth without any extra stimulation from her, it was humiliating and degrading but she could feel the dampness coating her thighs as her cunt spasmed and squirted. Only the large anal plug she always wore stopped slick from dripping on to the floor.
Natasha laughed and motioned for Brutus to knot his bitch, it always amused her to fool with the new breeders. Her pussy clenched and her cock twitched in its sheath when Natty’s shrieks of pain reverberated round the breeding room as Brutus worked his knot deep into her cunt.
You want to know what tipped the voting firmly in favour of reinstating Alpha Pack Law?  Yea, I think you will get a kick out of it, Steve and I certainly did. Remember the tantrum you threw over the interview and photo shoot for Time Magazine, well it appears that one of the crew who had arrived early to set up the photography equipment secretly filmed your punishment spanking, the video went viral within minutes and as of now has had over fifty million hits.
hor d’oeuvres and fruit. There were small clamps on her nipples to hold in her milk, a twist to loosen would fill a shot glass with her breast milk. Her mouth was being held open with a large ring gag, her pussy and ass both stuffed with pulsating vibrators, she could already feel and orgasm building.
“Baby what’s the matter?  Come on now shhh, tell me what has got you so upset, is some thing hurting you?”
Lost in thought he jumped when he felt the soft glide of his drawers being pulled up, Steve’s nimble fingers making quick work of the pearl buttons, Steve then turned him and kissed him gently on the lips.
Steve breathed in the scent of his daughter carefully rubbing his wrist gland over her body joining their scents, now he would know her scent anywhere and she would in turn recognise him as her Alpha and Father.  She had a set of lungs on her as she continued to wail and squirm in his hands.  He was kind of relieved when Meg gathered her up and placed her on Tony’s breast.
Come along BB, don’t be shy, no clothes for you as your skin will be overly sensitive whilst the injections take effect, and I am sure that Security will want to do a few full body searches along the way.”
More Pepper humiliation and punishment.
Five years later a new drug therapy was rumoured to be on the black market, that could activate the latent per gene.  It was exorbitantly priced and the failure rate over 50%.  Only the extremely wealthy, pet traffickers and secret organisations such as Hydra could the fee.
People disliked him because of his intelligence and no one could keep up with his thought processes, add good looks and being a billionaire he could see the avarice and want in their eyes, no one wanted him for just being Tony all they saw was a means to getting their hands on his wealth and being able to use him anyway they saw fit under the legality of being his Alpha.
“Look at your body my omega, little tits and no meat on your bones well that is going to change, my pups are not going to be left hungry just because your puny tits can’t produce enough milk.  When we get back to our floor Bucky is going to administer the injections the Doctor gave us so that your tits can be enhanced to a size that will support feeding all my pups, don’t worry Bucky is a trained field medic so he knows what he is doing.
3.	Put her in her milking stall and attach the feeding gag and milking cups.
Tony’s screams echoed through the empty halls as his Alphas retrieved the ornate pokers from the fire and pressed their brands into each shoulder, the sizzle of burning skin mingling with the century old whisky poured onto the reddened, inflamed skin.
The Bio Frost deposited Thor and Loki at the entrance to the White House, paying no heed to the startled guards and other guests he led Loki into the Residence and waited for the major domo to announce his entrance into the East Room.
Steve guided his cock into Tony’s weeping pussy, the tight cunt fighting against the massive intrusion, Bucky pushed into the exposed asshole slick and cum making it easy to gain entrance.
No stamina at all, might as well get this over with, Nat get the clippers, now Pepper this is your last chance to behave and remain still.
No summary, just enjoy.
His shoulder is healing as it should and with physiotherapy, he will regain full mobility and strength, the cast will be replaced with a walking boot in two weeks as the break is clean and will heal quicker as a side effect of the steroids and bone strengthening treatment he is receiving.
He pulled out his fingers, rubbing Tony’s swollen clit and pussy lips, smearing his juices over them before moving his fingers up to Tony’s soft mons, it was strange to think that once the omega’s cock and balls had hung from here, but he rather liked the smoothness, reminded him of the times he had stroked Peggy’s pussy as she drove the jeep, trying not to crash it.  It had been a game they played, see who could jerk each other off on the long drives between camps.
As you saw has anus is already producing slick, I would suggest fitting a plug for the first few days whilst the newly formed slick glands mature, we have also strengthened and increased the elasticity of both anal sphincter rings and internal muscles so that he can safely take your cock, you are going to have a great deal of fun finding out just how much his little boy cunt can take.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck I hate you both so much, you stupid manipulative bastards, it doesn’t matter that I had already been planning this before you mated me, I wanted it to be my decision when the time was right.”
“Captain Rogers, thank you for taking the time to stop and answer a few questions for Vanity Fair.
Bruce admired the way she quickly hid her fear as her pale face took on the haughty expression so common among entitled Alphas.
Six years ago he could never have imagined how much his life would change with the discovery that Tony was an omega.
Tony stilled beneath the Soldier as his eyes turned red, rings of gold circling the irises, he watched as Winter’s body shuddered, muscles rippling and expanding, as the silk shirt and dress pants were rapidly discarded.
Natasha made it back to warehouse, by early evening.  The scene she had set earlier had not been discovered so it was a matter of strapping herself back into the SUV, releasing the airbag and then thumping her head against the steering wheel a few times, she thought it would be a nice touch to cuff her wrists and then work her way loose, blood dripping as she called through the radio her position and what had happened, a quick bite on the capsule and she would pass out just as help arrived, she would be unconscious for the night but it would be a day closer to the Portal and less time for them to find Steve and the omega.
“Baby, come for daddy make a mess in your diaper, you want to please daddy and make him happy don’t you?”
I hate that l was weak and pathetic, that l could not be strong and fight back for longer, but you have to understand Steve that omega’s even if they don’t want to be owned and bred, their biology is such that eventually they will submit if constantly bombarded with a aggressive Alpha  pheromones and physical contact.
“Come on then little cow, your Alphas want you delivered to their suite for a thorough inspection.”
“Well then Jarvis, he will just have to crawl he is an omega so its about time he got acquainted with spending more time on his knees.”
Steve struggled futilely in his bonds, trying to get a way from the dildo methodically pounding his ass.  His limbs ached from being held in one position for days, his throat raw from shouting.  No one came, the lights stayed on, strange metallic limbs periodically came down from the ceiling or up from the floor, forcing him to swallow water and a strange tasting goop, milking his cock of cum and pee, emptying his bowels.
“Captain Rogers, is there any truth to the rumor that Tony was assaulted at the Maria Stark Gala?”
Tony slipped on his thong, then shimmed into his little black dress.  Next came sheer skin tone stockings, and his favorite Tony slipped on his thong, then shimmed into his little black dress.  Next came sheer skin tone stockings, and his new Louboutin Raynibo Sandals. After a quick check of his hair and makeup, he picked up his matching purse and rushed out to join Steve.
“Tony, what did you say? You need to go speak clearly and look at me when you are talking.”
“Steve aahh no that’s not right, come on get it right stupid so stupid Tony, got to be good boy or else Steve, no not Steve anymore Da..Daddy will leave me, don’t want to be alone again.
“My dear, such a silly girl, there is no need to suffer, here let me help you with that sweater. No need for being uncomfortable, see I have taken off my jacket and tie, after all work hours are over now.”
Sita take the whore and prepare it, I want it delivered to my chambers after the feast, I will carry out a thorough inspection to ensure that it has been thoroughly trained.
Unnerved and trembling she followed the Midwife/Nanny/Keeper, until she was led into one of the many day reception rooms in the White House.
Tony was by this time staring wide eyed and opened mouth at Dr Gottlieb, he cheeks burning red with embarrassment and shame.  Steve’s arm was comfortingly still wrapped round his shoulder so he turned and hid his blushing face against his broad muscled chest, the steady thump of Steve’s heat beat against his ear a distracting and soothing presence.
Bruce and Widow were the only ones to notice the burnt, desolate landscape scattered with thousands of dead figures, the only living beings the familiar sight of the Avengers standing guard over Thanos’s dead body and the Infinity Gauntlet, before the portal imploded, the ravaged world within vanishing as quickly as it had appeared.
“You are such a pain slut Tony; I am going to have to take you in hand tonight.”
Well this is the end of my mini rant, thank you to all of you that are reading and have commented on this story.
“Mmmm not going to want to drink any thing but your milk from now on doll.  Steve our little omega has such a sweet tasting titties, going to keep breeding our bitch so we can have this on tap whenever we want.”
It tasted as bad as it looked, before he had a change to protest further another spoonful was quickly pushed in to his mouth, firm fingers pressing under his chin to keep his mouth closed.  He had no choice but to swallow if he didn’t want to choke.
Scooping up his cum he pushed his fingers into Tony’s mouth making him lick them clean time and time again. The rest he rubbed into his omega’s tits and belly, scent marking his omega, warning off any other Alpha ensuring they would know that Tony and the pups were his.
“To place myself fully under the care and guidance of my Alpha, to strive to learn and embrace fully the ways of a traditional omega. Only when I have performed an act of true submission in the eyes of my Alpha, will I be gifted the taste of my Alpha’s seed.”
The canning had been extremely painful but at the same arousing, his cock had ached in its confined cage the spikes digging into his flesh sending sparks of pleasure and pain along his abused cock and balls. The continuous vibration of his butt plug increased his arousal and he had begged his Alpha to fuck him and let him come, but to no avail.
Stark Industries falls under my prevue now and as such is an extension of the Avengers Pack, there can only be one Alpha.  You are a strong woman and exceptionally skilled in running SI, but even so you cannot be allowed to remain the ultimate power within the Company and Pack.
Steve reached over and uncuffed Tony’s ankle, the movement brushed the head of his cock against Tony’s prostrate, making the omega squirm and whimper, his oversensitive insides pulsing around his knot which had begun to deflate, but now reacted to the stimulation and fully engaged once again.
Lydia watched as Tony fell to the floor, sobbing and calling for Steve.  She allowed him a few minutes to wear himself out, taking more of the small damp patch on the front of his tracksuit bottoms.
Loki wept not for his emasculation but for the loss of his final strand of magic, he hadn’t thought that Thor would be so cruel, the head healer laughed as he cursed Thor.
“Good boy Tony, now I want you to listen carefully, in a few minutes you will be going in to surgery, Dr Banner will remove two inches of your cock and re plum your urethra so that you pee sitting down as is the norm for omegas here, by rights he should  smooth you completely as is the preference of the Registry for omegas who have committed  criminal offences.  I want to give you a chance to prove that you can adapt and integrate in to our society without taking such a drastic measure.
She had twin boys earlier this year and is already pregnant again with another set of twins. He is forty-five years old and since the new laws allow it, Mary May is collared and naked at all times at home. She is not allowed to read or watch tv or leave the house on her own and he disciplines her for the slightest infraction.
Steve remembered how Tony had looked during his first pregnancy, perhaps they had gotten to used to their little twink and because Tony was mostly well behaved these days there had been no reason for any extreme punishments.
Tony couldn’t help but flinch when Steve reached out to pick him up, his angry face and blood, stained hands panicking him.  He desperately tried to get down, if he could just make it to one of the cubicle he could lock himself in and no one could get him, he was so stupid, he should have locked the door the first time.
“Mr President, the first omega has been cleansed inside and out and is ready for you to decide on her outfit for this afternoon’s meeting with the British Prime Minister and his wife.
“Now you will apologise profusely to Miss Potts and will accept any punishment that she requests I give you.”
Chapter 19
“Tony, l want you to follow Greg’s instructions as though they were mine until he has finished filming.”
He was saddened that he would not get to see Tony and the girls, he hated that Tony would have to deal with yet another loss and that the twins would be without a father again.  But he knew that he had been living on borrowed time, not many spies made it to his age and he was just glad that he had these last few years with Tony.
“Fuck Steve, one of these days I am going to persuade you to let me fuck you properly.”
“You will do as you are told Pepper, you are not in charge, Your Pack Alpha has already informed you that you need to make amends for your poor behaviour and this can be the start of your apology.
“That’s it Tony time to wake up, lazy omega of mine you need to eat so that our pups can grow strong.”
Steve whispered to Winter what he had seen along the bond link, both were pumped to explore further what their omega had let slip, how they could use this to push their omega in to deeper compliance and submission. Tony could protest all he wanted but there was no denying the heightened sexual pheromones pouring off him, or the flushed cheeks and heady scent of slick and juices trying to escape his plugged holes.
Just be thankful they were to young when Brave came out!”
“Well Steve Rogers, it’s time for you to pay the price for your foolishness in taking  Tony away from his true Alpha.  You are a complete and utter idiot, did it never occur to you to wonder why the Hulk has never made and appearance, why suddenly you were willing to take advice from an alpha you had previously dismissed and looked down on. Never mind allowing yourself to be coerced into being the submissive partner in a relationship with another alpha.
Darcy buried her face in the sheets flushed and ashamed that it only took a few words from him to have her drenched and spreading her legs wide, eagerly waiting to accept his cock.
“Well, it looks as though you could let him feed over the next 24 hours without him suffering any harsh withdrawal symptoms. The weight gain would be between 10 to 20lbs depending on how much milk he ingests.  I would not recommend any more than 10lbs due to his small frame.  Also, the weight will come off naturally over the course of a few weeks if he does not drink any more of Loki’s milk.  The analysis of fatty tissue shows that long term it is not compatible with human tissue and will naturally breakdown and be ejected.”
Steve laughed as he nibbled on Tony’s mating mark having missed the look of hatred aimed at his omega.  Bucky had always had a bit of a sadistic streak, he would have to set some ground rules to ensure that Bucky did not get to creative with Tony whilst he was carrying pups.  They could be revised for the times Tony was not being bred, his omega was such a pain slut it would be interesting to see just how much he could take before he broke and used his safe word.
Tony kisses Steve’s fingers before bowing his head in submission;
“Not so high and might now are you bitch?  this is payback for all the times that you sent perfectly good food back to the kitchens, demanding it be cooked again. For when you used your magic to give my daughter warts because Odin smiled at her.”
Cum filled her mouth, with no other option she had to swallow or choke. Her need to breathe was becoming desperate, but Steve’s knot showed no sign of deflating. Tony’s tongue and lips on her swollen sex was torture, the oversensitive flesh burned as he coaxed another orgasm out of her dry cunt.
Having replaced Tony’s ball gag and collar, he admired the purple bruising and the clear imprint of his hand on Tony’s backside. It was a shame that the serum would heal them fully in the next couple of days, but it also meant that he had a blank canvas, ready to inflict his mark on once again.
Steve stared at his omega it seemed unbelievable that a genius like Tony did not realise what was happening to his own body, but then he had never gone through a full blown natural heat.  Pepper had told him Howard had put him on heat suppressors the moment he had presented and that the only time he had not taken them was the three months he had been held captive in Afghanistan but due to the huge trauma inflicted on his body he had not gone in to heat.
The Omega Obstetrician says that the babies are growing at an acceptable rate, but your weight gain needs to be greater.  Dr Banner has delivered the omega supplements that he has tailored especially for you, so starting tomorrow you will follow his weight gain plan.  Omega Winter Rogers followed his feeding plan through both pregnancies and delivered health pups of good weight.”
Loki present yourself for inspection.”
Steve drove them back to the Tower the following morning, Tony sat quietly with his Stark pad, working on the upgrades for the next generation Stark Phone.  He kept his eyes on the screen not wanting to catch a glimpse of himself in the side mirror again.
He could could have had you committed to a mental health care facility for the rest of your life, but instead he found a life style that fulfilled his need to take complete care of you and allowed you not have any responsibilities whilst your mind and body healed.”
“How is he this morning Captain Rogers? Did the bonding take?”
“ Let me go, let me go, l want out of here you bastard, l am not going to be brainwashed again.
I do not like them anywhere.
After switching on the automated food pump, she gathered up the shorn hair and placed it in a zip lock bag ready to be sent to her wig maker.  Walking over to the other examination table she watched with interest as Bruce began injecting a series of syringes into the ports on the younger omega’s arms.
“Such pretty noises coming from our bitch, look how his little cocklet is standing to attention again, just shows how much of a pain slut he really is.
“Fuck, fuck!  Get a grip, concentrate Stark, you are not a baby and Steve is not your daddy.”
“No, no that’s not going to happen Steve has forgotten about the veil and Doctor Strange’s charm.  He already thinks that Stark is not our one, as he didn’t recognize him when he spoke to him and tried to comfort him, he flinched away from Steve, something Tony would never do.”
Hmmm… I think maybe just for once you have actually managed to behave as you are supposed to, only one tiny little blip at the Gala thankfully no one noticed so I am going to allow you this last orgasm before your useless little cock stays soft for the rest of your pregnancy.”
Steve lost himself, pounding into Stark as he imagined having both Stark and Tony as his omegas. After he shot his load, he left Stark passed out on the bed, he needed to do a security check on the perimeter and try to contact Nat on the satellite phone.  He needed to know if she had found Tony, he was desperate to have him back, the months without him had solidified his decision to mate him and show Tony that with the right Alpha he could embrace being a bonded omega.  There would be no more taking it slow, no more modern nonsense of allowing the omega to set the pace and decide on bonding. There had already been a push to protect the reduced omega population before they embarked on this rescue mission, he knew that he would be endorsing the plans to restore some of the previous laws that governed omegas.
“Hmm the glands are certainly small and not in keeping with an adult pet, but that is to be expected as your Pup has never allowed himself to develop his fully.  I suspect that the constant use of suppressors from the moment of his presentation has stunted your pup’s transformation from pubescent pet to mature pet.
Within minutes Tony was laying on thick clean cotton sheets a large wedge pillow propping him up a nasal cannula in place. Gentle fingers had examined him whilst Meg’s soft voice explained everything she was doing.
“Jarvis blow the Compound, then start shutting down the Tower.  Ensure that everything Stark Industries related is wiped off all servers and then set the virus to run the moment the Portal closes.  The Iron Man suits have already been disposed of and the War Machine Armour will self-destruct at the same time the Compound is destroyed.
“Naughty Daisy, you will drink all your special bottles of milk, then you can rest before your next milking session.  Hulk made these specially for you, full of Alpha cum, your titty milk and cunt juices.  You drink all of it, or Hulk will not be happy!
Happy typed a quick text to Dr Gottlieb and Steve to let them know that Pepper was transitioning with greater ease between her two personalities and was now able hover between the two if not pushed completely.
Steve slapped Tony’s clenched butt cheeks hard twice before he got the result he wanted.  Tony’s face he noted was the same shade red as his burning butt cheeks as his bowels emptied into the bath tub. The shower head made quick work of cleaning away the watery waste, a soapy sponge ensure that his baby boy was also clean.
“P..Please Steve, let me come, I’m so close, please, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”
The President smirk as he set out the items Darcy would be wearing for the next week, he was particularly pleased that he was going to be using the Scold’s Bridle so early in their bonding, this modern version had a large titanium tongue guard, the close fitting frame was fitted with blinkers not unlike a horse’s bridle.
Tony's presentation at the Gala.
Whilst orientation didn’t hold as much away in their world, Steve still gravitated to Alphas for command positions due to the era he was born into.  Natasha was one of the few women that held his confidence but that was only because he saw her as a beta.  She would need to be incredibly careful whilst here to ensure her real orientation was not discovered.
“Sweetie can you help me? I am so fucking horny, and l can’t reach my clit, the vibrator is just not enough.  If you get down between my legs and rub my clit l can climax and take the edge off. Bloody pregnancy hormones!”
“Right Sir Thomas what do you say we get your wife stripped situated in the examination chair, you can have her chipped, and marked with your seal of ownership, then the fun part of her transformation can begin.
Steve and Bruce make plans to keep Pepper in check.
Steve admired his omega’s tight black trousers, they hugged his ass and framed his crotch, anyone who looked closely would see the apparent absence of a certain body part and wonder.
The limo pulled up outside the entrance to Stark Industries, Happy rushing round to open the door for Alpha Rogers.
Natasha is working on the remaining stubborn two board members, Nicolson and Adams.  I expect to hear from her within the next few days. Nicolson is and old fart, susceptible to a pretty young woman, poor thing is going to be found dead in the arms of his lover, his family are devout Catholics so they will not want any scandal.
Steve chuckled and kissed Tony’s head,
He would spend his time here wisely, this was his chance to gain his freedom from the monster inside him and to study advanced scientific theories and to hopefully take back knowledge to his own world eventually.  Maybe he could even find his own omega, the Professor had offered to look into the data bases and see if he had a match on this world.
He had never planned on children just as he had never wanted to be bonded to an Alpha, but now they were the centre of his world.  He still had not fully reconciled himself to being bonded, he hated the total lack of control he had over his life but at the same time the power and dominance his Alphas displayed had his holes gushing and his heart beat thundering.  Christ he was a mess!  He was a horny slutty size queen of an omega with a humiliation and pain kink a mile wide which he had managed to keep mainly secret until fucking Captain America had thrown him over a desk and fucked him senseless.
That’s it baby, now up on your knees, keep you legs apart and just let it all out, come on stop clenching you hole.  Does daddy need to spank your bare bottom?  Well don’t say I didn’t give you a chance to be a good boy.”
Chapter 94
“Well little Miss, I think that I would love to see how you handle a cow, might even take you on a trip to my special milking ranch if you prove able to handle this fat ugly cow for the rest of her pregnancy.”
“I have a specially adapted milking machine at the Clinic which will be suitable and can have it delivered to the Compound straight away, he will not produce milk until he is pregnant but it wont harm to start your omega on it now.  The suction action will encourage the softening of his breast tissue and increase nipple size, so that when he is bred his milk will come in earlier and be richer in taste.
Tony tried to remain silent to show that he was not affected by his punishment and Steve’s harsh words, but with each swat he was reminded of his failure to follow even the simplest of orders and to behave like a proper Omega.  An Omega was supposed to be submissive and obedient, to put his Alpha first to fulfil all his wants and needs before his own.  It was a seemingly simple rule to follow but Tony had never been able to comply fully too any Alpha.
