“Cas. You're awake.” His shoulders drop to a more normal height.
“Right. Busy,” Sam says, shooting Dean a look full of younger-brother resentment. “I think the normal rule applies, Kev— life or death situations.”
“Is something wrong?” Cas’ voice is impatient, pinched, maybe, but he sort of always sounds like that. Dean finds himself straining to pick up the sounds in the background--often a freeway or busy crosswalk in Cas’ case. Nothing.
“Musta been caught up with your new butch lady friends.” Dean says, casual and
Once or twice Dean thought about commiting.
“Jerk.” There it is.
He curls into the seat, back to the rest of the car. Pillows his head against his arm and the window, trying to find a position that doesn’t slam his skull into the cold glass.
“Um. What?”
He was going to take ten just to piss Dean off.
“I always have.” Dean confesses, finally. “Come on, Cas. The kiss worked on my end too. I always want you. To kiss you. To hold you. To have you.”
“Yeah.” Sam sighs, rubbing his temple. “You have a point. But it felt… different this time.”
“No.” Sam’s voice is patient. Patronizing. “But… I think they might have been connected. It doesn't feel like an unsafe bet, Dean.”
. And doing such a good job of it that Sam had no idea what it even could be.
“To fuck me?”
Sam snorts, harder than normal, like he’s surprised at Kevin’s quip. Good.
“I… kissed you awake, Cas.” Cas glances at him a moment. Then goes to the paper towel dispenser, drying his hands. Dean waits as Cas throws out the crumpled ball and starts heading for the door.
Kevin covers his face and has clearly stopped listening. Dean grumbles and slips into the Impala from where he had been standing with the door open. Arguing with a teenager. His ass crinkles a little as he sits down. Oh. Right.
“Oh, Doctor Westchester! Great and excellent, huh? No problems whatsoever, huh?”
“Momma.” Cas repeats notes of surprise in his voice. Maybe not just that… There was something else in that tone, too.
He lets out a wounded noise, lost in the shower sounds— but feels his throat move all the same. Knows the sound was made, even if he didnt hear it echo off the tiles.
KEVIN:
that would be. There can’t be a patient running around without their guts. They’d be dead. And that ruled out pretty much everyone Henry knows and speaks to.
Dean leans in, conspiratorially, “Don’t repeat it in front of the other two.”
you!” They are snarling under his heel, squirming and jackknifing in their vessel. Bucking their hips in desperation as Cas looks down on them, unmoved. Cas thinks vaguely how they look a bit like a fish, drowning in fresh air. “I can
Since that night in the woods, since they broke apart. It’s the first time Dean’s been warm.
“There are so many things wrong with what you’re saying—! I said it because Jack deserved to hear it!”
Dean clears his throat loudly, but says nothing.
“You…?”
Sam had done a load of research on what they were dealing with. It was some sort of fairytale spin-off monster— their venom knocking people into a deep sleep for three days, only for their body to start starving. Devouring the victim from the inside out. It left shriveled husks in its wake. The one cure…
Dean stumbles back a step, face flushed in embarrassment, presumably.
his baking. “You talked to Sam about that new case yet?”
Dean snorts, skeptical. “Great. Can’t wait to learn the proper technique for burning my bra.”
CLAIRE:
, Dean— would you even be able to look Jack in the eye?”
for! Obviously, Jack is family—“
“You’re such a bitch,” Kevin mutters under his breath.
to call Cas.
Working back in the timeline, it was likely to do with the Bacchus case. And—
Dean conks out in his bed.
He knew his brother was capable of those things but… Cas. Cas hadn’t brought Dean back from the brink of that.
It had just slipped out. The professor asked if there were any questions and… yeah. Dean had some questions. A
“When should we call Cas?” Kevin says, avoiding the potential gaze of anyone in the vehicle.
“Not one fucking bit.” Dean said, water still filling his lungs.
“Whenever you want. Not during a fight for our lives, ideally but—“
Sam squeezes his shoulder, once. Rough and solid. Dean tries so hard not to notice which shoulder it is. How Sam’s fingers fit against what used to be there, what had once branded him, pink and raised against his skin.
“Then I don’t care! Let’s gank ‘em and go before they can fuck up anyone elses life. Meet me at the Impala in five.”
“All the more reason to let him have his hissy fit in peace.” Dean snipes over his shoulder.
Sometimes, when he went from hearing a million things all at once to a quiet place, the last words he had heard echoed around in his head. Bounced back and forth, reverberating in his empty ears.
Sam twists, frustration and disbelief turning his face to one full of wrinkles and contrariness. “He’s
Slowly his motion becomes mechanical. Rhythmic.
It wasn’t a problem, for the most part. The leftover grace had seared itself into a handprint after Dean struggled up out of the mud and blood of hell. After Castiel’s grace wrapped and swaddled him, warm and expansive and eventually—calming.
“Uh. Not exactly.”
Sam and Jack are there, washing out Jack's cereal bowl. Dean sits heavily at the table and Sam takes one look at him before dropping the sponge and walking over, grabbing him in a rough hug. Dean leans his forehead into Sam’s belly and takes a deep breath before shoving the freak off.
Ruddy red is brushing over Cas’ nose, joined on the back of Cas’ neck and across his cheekbones.
Dean couldn’t do that for Jack. Hell, Dean couldn’t do that for Sammy, back in the day. He had tried, but the attention had always slipped away from him. He always got distracted by his own thing. Left Sam vulnerable and full of doubt and susceptible to things Dean hadn’t even dreamed of. Let Sam think he was a monster because his dad had told him to. Never fought it, never stood up for him like he should have but—
At that point she had hung up on him.
“Jack,” He says, warm and a little fragile, despite his best efforts, “Let’s uh. Can we talk? After you’re done eating?”
Then he’s gone. Cas pulls the door open, strong and steady. Dean’s pressure trying to hold it closed worth no more strength than a gnats, buzzing.
Jack insists he and Cas sit in the back seat so he can hold his dad’s hand without twisting his arm around from the front. Cas looks touched and happy to comply with the request, so Dean slides into the passenger seat. He starts flipping through cassettes on muscle memory alone when Sam reaches over and grabs the box, and hands them to Jack, triumphant and shit-eating grin.
“Would you hug me more often? I like it. It makes me feel loved.” Dean lets out a huff that’s trying to be sarcastic, but he wraps Jack up in a second hug in as many minutes.
“Uh.” It crawls out of Dean’s throat. “No. Everyone’s safe. Just calling to check in.” There’s something beyond that which he can’t say, and he won’t, but it is there, and he notices it.
“Right. Sorry.” Jack’s eyes dart up to meet Dean’s for a half second, and he realizes the apology is for him.
“Maybe he had it in his car.”
to bake.
/////
Thinking about them is a mistake. His thoughts go to Dean. Like the space of a missing tooth (and what a momentous new experience that is) he’s drawn to the part inside him where something pre-soul-shaped is forming. Expanding like a tiny universe, pulsing inside his grace. He seeks, and finds its corresponding body in his vessel. It has no limbs, no shape, barely even the blueprint of organs. An irregular, though familiar, genome. Nephilim. It had always sounded like a swear to him. It was his last reason for going to Earth, before Dean. Destroying nephilim, on a mission from Heaven. When Heaven still gave missions, and Castiel was still their faithful soldier. He remembered everything
But coiling them up feels wrong. Wronger still— leaving them in some sort of pile, loose and squiggling. So, he tugs. He pauses. He loops. He knots.
“Okay but the river stink, Harris. The river stink. You couldn’t take a single mouthful of that cake without the fumes filtering in.” She stabs her trash grabber into the ground and stops even the pretense of cleaning, eyes locked on the man with her arms crossed.
salt over the phone while editing: i agree with you but we can't ACTUALLY write dean as a stone butch because he is technically a cis man.
He realizes several hours later he didn’t pay for lunch. In that time, the thing has moved again, more than once, and now, if he focuses, he can discern a heartbeat.
Nothing is ever
became
The night around him is wide and loose— not the same dense night that lives in cities, hole-punched windows of light— reminders of people. In homes, in lives, in living.
, that’s what brought him into the diner in the first place. But the smell, the taste. Nothing about it is appetizing. Even the diner at large stinks too much of grease.
It had been many years since Sam let himself believe in the luxury of black and white morality. The heaven-good hell-bad false dichotomy that had been spoon-fed to him and made him so wholeheartedly believe himself to be bad. Evil and corrupt and dirty. Unsalvageable.
Jack is camped out in the little vinyl green chair, cracked with age and deeply uncomfortable— cushion lifeless and frame cold metal. Dean had tried to wordlessly pass him a pillow to sit on, but Jack had just slipped it under Castiel’s head, brushing the hair out of his face as he pulled away from his dad again.
They stumble out of the cabin. Dean is covered in gore. Cas hasn’t fared much better. He isn’t squeamish. Ask anyone, he’s the furthest thing. But... this--he shucks his jacket off. He
“Ah. Not quite.” Dean looks at his hands. “I should never have pulled a gun on you. Ever.”
“We took care of it,” Cas says, and then to Dean: “Call if you need something.” He feels like he’s going to spread his wings and find himself unable to fly, but then he’s away. He’s on a street somewhere in Cleveland, staring at a telephone pole full of staples—blessedly far from the Winchesters. But not far enough.
it always knocks Sam right out.
Dean flips the collar down and speeds up, alone on the loose dark highway, guided by white lines and pools of yellow light from the street lamps. Straight on till morning.
The car hit a pothole and bounced. “What the hell,” Kevin mouthed.
...” Sam says. This is a peace offering, even though Dean’s the one being an asshole, as per. But rather than respond, Dean clenches the steering wheel so tight his knuckles go white, and presses the gas harder.
Kevin knows that Dean and Sam always wear their boots around the bunker but the floors are, in all honesty, pretty clean, and his socks are pretty thick (the new ones he picked up on a Wal-Mart run with Sam) so he just sort of shuffles around like a cat.
, wake up.”
He doesn’t answer, because of course he doesn’t. And she leaves a message, but then plays it back and has to delete it. It comes out… sappy. It comes out wrong, because she always pictures her dad when she tries to talk to Castiel. Even though he’s not her dad, and there’s nothing left of her dad but DNA evidence.
“We were together the whole time, Dean.” Kevin murmurs flipping through the carefully selected pamphlets about online learning in post-secondary education. “I didn’t see anyone hand you these.”
“Oh, uh. I thought he went after you..?” Sam’s voice is soft, confused.
“Yeah, Dean. Anything.” His hand cups Dean’s face, fleeting. Warm.
Out here is just wide, rolling night,
“Dennis, I think we need to call the cops.”
And the fact that Cas still let this happen to the Bacchic cult… Kind of scared the shit out of Sam.
Cas’s gaze flicks to meet his own, quick and reflective. Dean takes a massive bite out of his turkey club—one that would make Sam flinch and throw napkins at him. Cas just maintains eye contact, tilts his head the slightest bit. Dean chews with his mouth open. Cas gives him a ghost of a smile over the dirty formica table top.
“Claire Novak? I want to talk to you about your father, James Novak.”
As in the adventuring and the running and the shooting people and the cool manly stuff— not... not anything else.
“I know.” Dean says, quieter than he means to. He reaches up, pauses. Brushes Cas’ sweaty hair off his face. Rakes his fingers through the thick brown strands; they stick up in a strange angle. Dean has a flash of memory. Heat and light and thunder as Cas strolled into his life, unflinching and alien.
“Okay.” Jack says, unsure. “Is… is that everything? Are we done our big talk?”
So he’d opened the app and looked at the blue stinging screen and saw the harsh contrast of black text on the white of his bio. Saw the words ‘interested in: women’. He’d gone to the bathroom, locked himself in. Hit the ‘edit’ button on his profile, eyes glazed over and feeling electricity buzzing in his fingertips. Selected ‘men only’. Hit ‘accept changes’.
Henry drops the FABINISTA cup. His cold brew splashes out the lid and spills across the linoleum. Fuck. Dennis is going to be pissed.
“But you guys got the thing, right?” Kevin presses. Sam nods. His expression shifts, like he’s trying to remember.
“You know I can hear you both,” the man says. His voice is low, like gargling cigarettes low, and he doesn’t pause in taking methodical forkfuls out of the cake and putting them in his mouth.
Sam huffs. “Meaning they locked me in the car for forty minutes and then Dean was a bitch the whole way back.”
. Then Cas reaches past him and puts a hand on Sam’s shoulder, and they both vanish.
a few things.” For some reason he looks at Kevin in the rearview when he says this, like he’s supposed to have a response. Or to back him up or something. He bops his eyebrows twice.
“Holy
Dean hisses through his teeth and nods, “That’ll do it.”
KEVIN:
The riptide of this panic has sucked him in and all he can do is lay on his bed and look at the ceiling, clothes abandoned on the floor after a failed attempt at getting dressed for the day. He can’t stop his mind from going round and round in the same circles it was sunk in two hours ago, five, ten. Like a record finished playing, still spinning but making no sound besides soft clicking.
“Yeah, I mean. That’s weird.” He hesitates a moment. “Not wholly out of character though.”
There is no distance that would be far enough.
He didn’t notice he had said it out loud until Sam cleared his throat. “Jack?”
Feels wrong to have a place and not decorate it. But Cas isn’t quite wired that way, maybe.
KEVIN:
“Yeah. Absolutely. Yes.” Dean nods, still a little off-balance. “Where would you like to—?” He makes a vague hand gesture. Jack gets it.
Dean’s mouth ticks upward in the rearview mirror. Kevin feels a little moment of warmth he decides not to look at too closely.
Dean hauls him up and brings him to the sink, flushing the toilet as they go. Cas lets go of his arm, but his fingers trail. They stand by the sink together, the mirror taking up the whole side of the bathroom wall. Dean looks up and sees them both reflected there, painted washed out white in the fluorescents. Cas’ looks vulnerable in his shirtsleeves, a hint of skin laying under the fabric, clearest on his shoulders.
Straight ahead.
The teacher had frozen, her bracelets jangling in the sway of her cut off movement.
“Some organs? Like which organs?” There is a long pause that follows this question, in which it does occur to Claire that wasn’t the right response.
-Salt
“And he left his organs.” Dennis thinks a moment, and then shrugs, as if this isn’t the weirdest thing he’s ever seen. He’s been working here longer than anyone Henry knows, maybe it isn’t. He opens his mouth and Henry can’t help hoping some miracle plan of action is going to fall out of it.“Can I ask you a personal question?”
, Cas.”
“What the
It hadn’t worked. Obviously. But now Dean had the visual of what he himself had looked like, desperate and begging beside Cas’ corpse. Only seeing Jack like that was so much worse.
So now what. She crawled through her contacts, frowning.
The sky shifts again. It’s red. The magpies take flight. One by one they are snatched out of the air by something bigger. Something else with wings. Dean knows they are dead.
{-_-}
A splash in Cas’ soup. He looks down, confused. A second one. He’s crying.
Dean can’t help himself. He reaches for Cas, holds his face, feels the weight and shape of the skull of the man he loves in his hands. “Can we be together?”
He blinks. That’s… that was the easiest that had ever been. Dean opened his phone and went to his photo app.
It quiet for a few moments as Jack’s footfalls fade and the snapping of twigs dies down. The birds have started to slowly sing again when Cas finally opens his mouth.
“—Fuck me.”
Cas— needy and rolling, wide and hot, fucking himself sloppy on Dean’s fingers-- two of them now.
“This is serious, guys. This is the seventh mom to go missing and if we don’t figure it out soon—“
A hand lands on his shoulder and Dean rockets up to his feet, hope exploding out of his chest—
Because if Cas loved him his response to their first kiss wouldn’t be rage or frustration— even if that had been a follow up. That wouldn’ have been Dean’s gut instinct if he had found out Cas had kissed him. Even if it was to save him from a magic coma. Maybe a few hours later when it all clicked, but— god, if Cas had kissed him...
Dean looks up, hollow and sharp. He feels poison in him, ready to spill out. “About
“—But sometimes you get mad.” Cas finishes for him. Dean’s eyes lock on Cas instantly. When the hell did he get here? Where did he come from?
“How?”
“Like your own father. Go on, Dean. You don’t want to be him? I believe you can make that choice. But remember—“ Dean’s gritting his teeth, bust Cas looks like this is pouring out of him with no trouble at all, “John started from love too. He started from family and protection. It perverted him because he
higher and Dean thought perhaps maybe he’d drop dead right beside Cas.
KEVIN:
Almost.
“Cas—I’m gonna—” he tries, and Cas makes a noise as if to respond, but it’s too late, and he cums without meaning to.
There was pink biofilm in the corner where the shower tiles meet the ceiling. It should have been cleaned, but he missed it. It escaped his brush as he scrubbed down the stall. Dean is all fucked up. All the way up to the top.
much.”
“It’s a
“Texas.”
“Yeah, but I threw most of it out when you weren’t looking. It doesn’t taste good.” Jack states, matter of fact, half of his face covered by the lapel of Cas’ trenchcoat.
Cas shoots him a surprisingly lucid glare. “I was hungry.”
“I mean, I’ll try to call the guy. Not like he’ll answer.” He says the last part under his breath, and Kevin swears he can hear a hint of real pain in it. His eyebrows raise. His phone hums in his hand.
Cas’ nails sink into Dean’s back and
him and soothe his fears around being a monster.
“Yeah, but still,” Dean says. Kevin turns the pocket knife over once before he slips it into his jeans. It’s got that pearlescent coating on the sides. It’s nice, and he imagines Dean picking it up somewhere, or getting it from some other hunter. Nothing in the Impala is ever new. It’s always new to them, but Kevin has come to understand a kind of beauty in thrift-store coats and boots that someone else broke in already. The worn spots where ghosts had loved them.
And that’s a vow he never intends to break. A few years down the line, he makes another to Cas alone, sealed with a kiss and traded rings that Jack hands them, beaming the sunshine smile he inherited from his father and wearing the cowboy boots his Momma picked out for him.
Cas pulls out his guts, looping and tying the long strand of intestine like the Netsilik tribes do in Nunavut. He marvels at how— in the harsh fluorescent light— the long organ seems to glisten bright as a string of deep sea pearls.
Kevin rubs the already forming welt, mouth tight. “My name isn’t Kev,
a MILF sex cult.”
“It wasn’t scary at the time ‘cause… uh. No soul. You know,” Jack says, a quiet admission. Dean nods. Jack keeps talking, “But later it… made me think you didn’t love me. And that you wanted us both gone. And it… it was a bad thing to do.” Jack’s eyes flick up to Dean’s, double checking that it was something he was allowed to say. Since their triumph over Chuck, Jack had become a little less sure-footed. A little more hesitant. More tied up in asking for permission. He’d seen some of the consequences of keeping secrets and running off on his own. They’d work on it. “It was the fate of the world. And I’ve done some bad stuff.”
“Right.” Dean laughs, that same hollowsharp. “Gunna use his Tinder account or whatever— swipe right till someone agrees to come kiss his corpse?”
“What are you
By the time Dean’s pants are around his ankles he’s rock hard and has Cas pinned instead.
this time, and it’s his ceiling in the bunker, his bed, his own sheets soaked in sweat. His palm in the fuzzy dark looks bloodied even still.
He’s standing in front of a paddock. There are low rolling mountains in the background. Not the grey and purple kind with snow— the brown sort, with different vegetation and textures crawling up the sides. Layers of rock and tall grasses streaking across it like scars. It’s night, but as bright as noon. His eyes drift over the midnight baby-blue sky, northern lights spilling across it like neon bar signs. The eyes land back on the paddock. There is a collection of horses, manes shorn short so they stand vertical and proud. They all have their heads lowered.
“You good, Dean?” Sam says, laughter still curling in his voice, lurking like a camera shy sea monster.
Sam throws a wad of napkins at him. “Stop it, dude. I’m trying to read. The font on this PDF is
That spell did that to Cas. Turned him into something Cas was never supposed to be, something dirty. And Dean went with it. Was swept up in what felt like permission from Cas. Felt like endorsement.
“She’s kind of mean,” Kevin says. “Um.” He scrolls up a little. “She says you need to talk to Castiel.” He doesn’t mention the part about Castiel dying apparently, because Dean honestly seems like he might swerve into a ditch with the right provocation.
“A long way into the park to lug a whole sheet cake. Why is he eating it alone on a bench?”
Sam fidgets with his pile of books and the shitty briefcase they picked up at a Goodwill near campus. He makes his haughty, pouty face, “Great. excellent. no problems whatsoever.”
Sam smiles weakly at her. Busted. She waves and scuttles off after nodding to Dean, friendly. Dean beams at her, slowly turning his gaze back to Sam.
And boy had they.
It is treacherous how badly he wants Dean, just his presence, just for him to be in the room.
Sheet cake. It has colors in it. Muted pastels, not unlike the ones in the baby aisle. Funfetti, the label said. Cas can see the reasoning behind the name. Humans can be surprisingly incisive when they least intend.
The point was: moms everywhere were peacing out of their everyday lives with no warning and sexing each other up in the woods for five days straight every month. And Dean… Well, Dean kinda wanted to see.
“Spell was making me want to kill you. Best solution: get you outta there.” Dean climbs into the car, probably as a means to end the conversation, the way he always tries to when he’s decided to play “dad” and make all the calls with zero justification. But honestly, it’s late, Sam’s tired, the cultists are taken care of. Cas wouldn’t lie, and Dean doesn’t have a reason to. Sam slides into the passenger seat with a sigh.
“He’s dying. And if you don’t at least try everything in your power to save him…
They stand in the forest together and finally Dean draws back, ruffling Jack’s hair. Jack grins up at him from under his messy locks. That’s his boy.
Kevin clears his throat, which does nothing to get Dean or Sam’s attention, so he just speaks loudly. “I really think you should talk to him. Claire seems upset.” That’s the magic phrase apparently, because Dean sighs, and his hands relax on the wheel, and he even slumps his shoulders a little.
Dean finally kissed Cas but... they are not together? They are not in love and together? Jail. Jail for Dean’s slapdash parenting for five thousand years. Or like. Until he figures out how to apologize and grow as a person and a parent.
It wasn’t a problem. Until just now, when Dean came inside him.
Sam huffs a laugh, in spite of the stern expression on his face. Cas looks down at Jack, fondly.
He wants to bash his head into the tiles. Crack one, maybe, if he uses enough force. Instead he shuts off the shower, erection fading anyways. It’s like dipping his hand into a bucket of bait. All the worms are too tangled up in each other. He’s not gonna pull any single one free.
It's disability awareness month! Check out the brand-spanking new
Cas does not reply.
He can feel Dean’s soul germinating in his grace. It tugs at the edges of his consciousness, even when he’s not thinking about it. He’s noticing it. He is unable to stop noticing it. And as he heaves himself up, sparks pop in his vision. The feeling like a tide rolling in, waves about to break, and he’s heaving again. Bringing up nothing. Connected to the bowl full of vomit by a thin strand of saliva.
Cas smiles at him in the dapple sun surrounded by pale greens and birdsong. Dean pulls out his phone camera and snaps a new photo. Cas beams at him.
“Cas I swear to god if you say ‘fuck me’ again—”
event blog (& discord!).
“Okay well— let’s. Can we reframe the wording on that?” Dean had blinked. Why was she looking straight at him? Kevin had folded down into his own seat beside Dean, and for half a second he wondered if he was the one who asked when he realized his hand was still up.
“Dean,
small.”
CLAIRE:
you, Cas.”
Cas huffs and looks away a moment before turning back and meeting Dean’s eyes. “It’s a lot about Jack, yes. It’s also about not experimenting with your sexuality by using  someone who's in love with you.”
“I kissed him, he woke up, all he did was yell at me for not trying it earlier.” Dean keeps his voice inflection free, emotionless.
Feeling like he just took a brick to the face, Castiel shakes his head.
Seeing Abigail wiggle a vertebrate out of her son’s neck and push a broom handle into the space left behind is what does it. The bone slaps onto the floor, bright bright red and ruddy. It rolls across the ground and one of the other women picks it up. Dean doesn’t recognize her but he sees the bone rising to her lips and her naked greedy smile and he cracks her skull faster then blinking. A chunk of her hair catches his watch and it lifts the part of the skull it was attached to, spraying gore out across a floor that was crying out for varnish. Blood soaks in fast on dry wood. Dean whirls and his eyes fix on the next mother.
By the time Dean ambles over Kevin already has food, and it’s exactly as warm as he hoped, the smell weighing heavy on the air around him. Sam joins him across the table, setting down his and Dean’s food.
“So what? He’s a grown man, he can just pop the locks.”
“What got up his ass?” Sam asks, to the space that Castiel had been occupying a second ago.
“We don’t even know wha—“
They hear the singing before they spot anyone through the trees. It weaves its way through the trunks, strangely physical and clear despite the distance and the fact it was… you know. A sound.
catch in his throat, flare through him in a way it shouldn't. Has no damn right to. That Dean has never asked for.
CLAIRE:
{-_-}
“Hello Dean.”
Kevin huffs and starts adjusting to reading as much as he can in the brief flashes of the street lamps as they drive by. It’s deeply frustrating. But Dean’s being extra bitchy since his “definitely witches” hunch didn’t pay off and it ended up being some sort of weird ancient diviner. A haruspex or something? Sam had been right in all his research, was the point.  And Dean is being a bitch. Like even though they solved the hunt he isn’t satisfied.
“Cute kids, huh?” She says, leaning a little on the red vinyl seats across from him and balancing the orange-lidded coffee carafe on her hip, “They come in every week. Sweet family. Makes me wanna rethink my stance on catching a man.”
Cas is standing there, face hot with rage and eyes bright. This close Dean was reminded the sun was a star and the dots that freckled the sky weren’t cold naturally. Only because of their distance. And in this moment Cas was deep in his own body. Holding himself together within the sinews and the flesh. Strung his being around the bones of his vessel and
“Not that obvious when you’re pointing a gun at him and telling him otherwise—“
KEVIN:
His bio had just said ‘Cas, age 39’. Then a string of indecipherable emojis, plants and animals and honey and the night sky full of stars.
It’s cold. It’s hot. It’s red and bright, bright white. Dean blinks, hard. With his whole face, squeeze and release. Nothing resolves itself. His eyes are wide open when the world drops into existence again.
Jack grabs at Dean’s hands. “Okay.”
Dean furrows his brow, “Yes? Why else—?”
Cas inhales sharply and rocks up onto his toes, pressing a hurried kiss against Dean’s mouth. He rakes his hand’s through Dean’s short, greasy hair and yanks him down into an easier angle, hot and fast. Dean lets out a noise of confusion that turns easily into a moan as Cas licks into his mouth and starts counting Dean’s teeth with his tongue.
“Right. Rowdy.” Dean grins and slams his fist into his hand. “Didn’t figure out how to crack the whip, huh? ‘If you can hear me clap once’—“
be a MILF sex cult.” His voice is so smug it pisses even
Something about it feels off. Feels like a dislocated shoulder. The harmonies should be sweeping but instead they creep. The rhythm is syncopated in a way that puts Dean’s teeth on edge. He doesn’t want Sam anywhere near this.
The first time Dean ever fucks Cas it’s dizzying and desperate—but they don't kiss.
It startles him so much that he goes to stand, too quickly and the chair tips over and hits the battered linoleum, and before the waitress can speak, or even move, he’s outside, a whole state over, and feeling very badly the effects of flying while not at full capacity. It’s taking a lot of grace already to stay alive with a foreign object nestled in his body, especially one that demands additional resources.
Dean’s humming to himself, the song they had been listening to when they pulled over. He’s tossing change in the air, counting his quarters. Some lyrics slip through, “eyes that shine… hm hm mm.. Dreams of you all—“
“Well. Maybe you can come by office hours and we can… discuss the theory further?” She said, a weird gentle tone taking over her voice.
Cas follows the two of them, an unreadable expression on his face. But whatever it is, it’s clouding his eyes something stormy.
Family, Dean emphasizes. Although Adam wasn’t that, or not enough of that. But his mother. His brother. Sometimes Cas. Almost Cas.
“Again. Why come
CLAIRE:
Dean folds the trench and puts it in his lap. He leaves his hand on Cas’ back, shirt a thin barrier between their skin.
CLAIRE:
He sits and he stares at his hands. What used to be Jimmy’s hands. Sits and looks at red fingertips and the edge of his coat. Wherever Cas is still has snow on the ground, somewhere far north. It’s late for snow.
Dean often gapes at Sam slack-jawed. It’s one of his default expressions. This, however, looks like he’s shorted-out. Sam looks him over more closely. There’s a bruise starting to form on his neck--kind of a weird shape.
“Hey, food,” Sam says, knocking Kevin on the shoulder. Too hard, which he probably doesn’t realize. Kevin follows Sam’s gesture to where he’s pointing, at a weird colourful van on cinder blocks that Kevin had somehow failed to notice, even though it’s covered in flashing carnival lights and sweeping round font that declares it ‘Sammy’s Souvlaki’.
Dean wonders if Cas will finally start decorating his room. If this filched
“Oh yeah! He just punched himself in the face. He’s in shock.” Sam looks smug as hell.
“Shut it,” Dean bites out, before he can stop himself. The table goes still again. Jack sits back down in his seat, slow and no longer meeting Dean’s eyes. Dean can see Cas squeeze Jack's hand once, comforting.
Dean hates this because Kevin has startled him and made him spill coffee on himself three different times, but wearing shoes indoors is just… the effort, the discomfort, the sweatiness.
He flicks open the blade and slices.{-_-}
He’s aware, trembling on the edge of acknowledgment, that Cas is only pinned because he wants to be— and that’s a heady recognition of frustration and attraction all its own. In another, even more distant part of himself, Dean is aware that they had not talked about this at all beforehand. Part of him always thought they’d talk about it before—
“Okay,” says Sam. “That… aside. We should go over the plan at least once.”
Maybe he just needs to have faith in Cas.
“All good,” Sam replies automatically, like how soldiers salute.
“No man, I mean. Chase your bliss, I guess,” Harris says. He tries to convey with a look to Becca that this dude is definitely on drugs, but she’s ignoring him in favor of staring at the guy.
He hesitates here. Looks at Cas’ waxy, sweaty face.
“Oh…” It’s that same needs-to-be-filled expression.
He had yelled at Jack. He had been ready to kill Jack. Kill himself. Blow the whole world to pieces.
“Cas.” Dean hasn't moved his hand. He pushes through Cas’ hair again and the man lets his head be tilted with the pressure, eyes drifting shut.
“What was all that.” Cas asks, manner fully shifted, arms crossed and his voice cold. This chill from Cas was getting exhausting when Dean was trying over and over to change things. Own up to his mistakes. Apologize.
Henry waits.
His brother had been wound up all month, itching for a hunt. Sam,
But he knows the rhythm. Tug. Pause. Loop. Knot. Tug. Pause. Loop. Knot. Tug—
He tries to turn and start walking. The chant keeps moving through him, that same odd syncopation.
“Yeah. Judith Butler. Second Wave. The whole she-bang. These are the only two courses the victims had in common.” Sam leaned against the island in the middle of the kitchen, ducking his posture a little to maintian eye-contact with Dean.
“I’m just gonna help you get outta your coat, man.” He says it quiet, low. Cas holds out his arm and Dean pulls the coat the rest of the way off. Cas leans his head against his forearm, panting. Dean winces, thinking about the germs in the place. But Cas is really out of it, and he can always shower.
“It was not alright, Jack. I never want you to feel unsafe and… At my hands? At the end of my own gun? That’s something my dad would do. Not what any of yours should be doin’. You’re safe with me. And I'll prove that to you again, I swear it.”
. That he’d curve his neck into a perfect slope, that his chin would be tilted up just the perfect number of degrees to nearly have their lips brush. Perfect, perfect perfect.
“No, thank you.” Cas says, eyes only flicking to her before landing back on the family. It felt strange for her to advertise something they didn’t have to offer, but Cas didn’t comment. Maybe that was a normal practice in small-town diners. He didn’t feel like he’d ever paid them enough attention.
to be wrong sometimes. Dean had never seen a bond like the one between Cas and Jack, and the kid had been kissing his dad’s forehead every hour on the hour, to no effect. Sam had even thrown his hat in the ring, a chaste kiss on Castiel’s temple. Dean had tried too—fast and flighty to Cas’ knuckles. But the curse had some outdated concept of what love meant, familial and best friend-ial wasn’t enough for it. But even then—
Kevin can’t help a little snort. The image of Sam debating punching one of the windows out of Dean’s beloved car or getting trapped like a baby until he started playing games on his phone was a funny one.
do that. He’s relatively sure.
The teacher waited a little longer before it was clear Dean wouldn’t be speaking again.
Maybe if all it took was Dean knowing there would never be another person that makes him feel like this. This specific brand of devout and animalistic. Adoring and soft. Electric and reverberating. Hungry and full enough to burst. All of them at once. Maybe that would be enough. Maybe Dean has to have faith it would be enough.
“You got any rugrats of your own?” She asks, leaning in, eyes too bright to be real enthusiasm.
.” Dean hisses, feeling something inside him shake and break apart, claw and snap and lash trying to hold onto what he wanted most. Luckily, Cas was already in his arms, scrambling for balance, mouth so hot and so wet and so sloppy it was going to send Dean to therapy after this.
has things to do, even when the Winchesters have little or no need of him.
When the heaving slows down, and he spits bile into the water for what feels like it must (it has to) be the final time, he slides down so he’s lying on the floor. What would Dean do, in this situation? He’s generally gruff, defiant in the face of injury, affronted almost, which is interesting for a man whose life is so filled with death and bodily harm. He can be gentle, though. With Sam. Maybe even with Cas. He thinks of a motel room somewhere else, in the wrong time, and a hand on his arm. Firm, but still, it was supporting him. Dragging him to the bed.
in love with me.”
Cas grabs his ass and grinds up against him, brutal and precise— calculated. Somehow knowing exactly what would drive Dean completely past the point of no return. Dean grins into the angel’s warmth, greedy and hungry.
The table went silent and Dean hisses out through his teeth, rubbing at his jaw where his fist collided. Sam is muffing a laugh. Jack is blinking at him, grin sliding up his face. Dean doesn’t look at Cas.
Jack looked up, eyes dull and worried. Red rimmed. Dean hadn’t even noticed the kid had been crying. God. Without Cas what kind of a family would Jack have here? Sam was pretty good with him, loving and warm and focused— remembered his meals and when to check in with him emotionally. Knew how to talk to him and
the weirdo.”
“Oh come
“The Prophet, Kevin Tran.” One of a slew of numbers Dean had rattled off to her, saying there were always people to call for information. And last she’d heard, Kevin was tagging along with Dean and Sam on hunts. So he probably could get in touch with Dean, who could pray Castiel over or something. But if he was close to her in age, he probably wouldn’t answer his phone either.
it. Cas was achingly present, searingly bright, warm and shining.
“This is stupid. I’m stupid.”
“Right,” Cas forces out. His underwear hasn’t been Jimmy Novak’s in a while. Arguably, that first time that the archangels tore him to shreds, whatever got remade was “new” in some sense. But sometimes it’s a reflex to think of his clothes as belonging to Jimmy. After all, they still reflect him. It’s still the same outfit that Jimmy left Pontiac in, even if all the parts have been destroyed and remade or re-bought at some point. He stalls out at the thought:
in a garbage can. Serial killer, Henry. They don’t have baby blues they have—evil blues. Cold, distant blues.
The number is blocked. The text reads:
Dean hates that brutality that lurks in him. That had been fostered by their father and urged to grow and fester. And Cas knew that, had seen the hatred and the guilt and the resentment that gushes forth when he gives into those urges.
“I’m driving,” Sam says, no room for argument in his tone and heading Dean off at the pass before he can even protest. “You haven't slept in days, Dean.” He gets up and starts heading for the front door. He pauses to smack Cas on the back, grin stretching across his face. “Good to have you back, Cas.”
Huh. He hears a car start outside, and something inside him
) is pink. Too pink. And it says FABINISTA on it, which she assured him was
“Sam was kidding,” Cas says to Jack, patient. Informative. Dean felt his mouth tighten, gut twisting. Jack nods, still looking at the table. The plastic top had cracked where Jack was sitting— water damage from condensation on decades of peoples’ cups. The plywood underneath was chipping away. Jack digs his fingernail into it.
“He hasn’t been around in a while, right? Sam said maybe you guys got in a fight, or something.” Kevin says this casually— not like Sam sicced him on Dean, but it still makes him clench his jaw. He stares into the still dirty water, his pale reflection looking back, like it’s a way out of the kitchen. What’s he supposed to say?
Cas’ too wide grin. Pot of honey, stars in the sky, a little orange cat, a sunrise, a bee, clinking beers, a cactus and a potted plant. A little blue kite, a fish, the evil eye amulet, a burger. Big warm socks. The face of a bear. Dean laughs a little at the haloed yellow face, as he always does.  A tan trench coat.
“Just kind of weird.” Becca affirms with a shrug. “Where’s the cake from?”
Fuck.
But now his mind was running a mile a minute, full of what he could possibly say to Cas to make him understand.
He looks closer and sees they are weeping.
The atmosphere inside is sterile, hypnotic. The space feels both at once crowded and awfully empty. Castiel drifts through aisles of bathroom products, tupperware containers, toothpaste and hair products. He stops in an aisle, attention caught by the hanging sign, which proclaims it to be “Baby Needs.” The things that babies need, evidently, come in white packages. Sometimes yellow, occasionally pink and blue. The things that babies need are manyfold, and most of them largely unfamiliar.
. Tears start coming. Dean can’t help it, feels them shove their way out into the air, cooling against his hot cheeks as they pour. Fuck.
Kevin’s phone buzzes in his pocket, reminding him suddenly that he could have been using it to read by, although the battery was already dwindling. He misses having a real phone, suddenly, rather than the various gas-station burners Dean and Sam would pick up and shove into his hands.
“That’s why I was apologizing.” Dean says, voice low.
/////
“You want me to crash?”
Dean shrugs and shakes his head, shoving his hands into his pockets. “Nah. He didn’t come out there.” He turns back to Jack. “Point is. Let me know when you’re good to talk, okay?”
Dean’s heart goes out to him. Guilt like that isn’t easy to erase, or even ease. Hell, Dean was still carrying his own, decades after the fact. “ Yeah, well. You’re a Winchester. You gotta believe the good you’ve done outweighs the bad. That’s the only way any of us get outta bed in the morning.”
“Did you do something to Cas? He seemed kinda pissed. And if the spell was making you want to kill
Cas looks at him and there’s strands of the expression around his eyes… that empty-needing-filled that Dean could now truly recognize from when he first pulled back from kissing him.
The man flashes a look behind him, over his shoulder. Blink and he’d have missed it and
Dean blinks.
Cas is more than capable of atrocities, but he would do anything in his power— including commiting said atrocities— to keep Dean from feeling bad about himself.
“Yeah.” Jack's sunny smile. “Thanks, Dad.”
have a huge issue with someone I usually
“Yeah. You deserve to hear that, too. I need you. I want you. I…. I love you.”
Cas pulls back after, breathing harsh through his nose. Somehow the light is exactly the same, and they are still surrounded by spring greens. It felt like the kiss lasted years.
Dean humphs in the front seat.
Cas starts pulling harder, breath in short gasps. Dean takes this as a cue to go deeper. Judging by Cas’ noises, he’s right, and that alone has him gagging for it; moving slow and deep. Cas is tight around him, and Dean can barely stand it. How is this
Cas gives him a sharp, cold look, but leaves the door closed. “Dean. I understand that kissing a man is an— an ordeal for you. But it isn’t a problem for me. You know that. If that’s something you want to work through, I’d suggest not doing it with someone you're co-parenting with.”
“Is Sam gonna come help us clean up this mess, or...?” He isn’t going to get an answer about cleaning the clothes. For the most part Cas is constant, but sometimes his powers seem to… fritz.
Henry gestures helplessly to the garbage can down the hall. It has the lid off, presumably because Dennis was about to change the bags before Henry spilled his cold brew. Dennis wheels the bucket down the hall, the left side squeaking as he goes. He looks over the edge and pauses.
They haven’t moved from the brightdark clearing; night fencing them in. But the noises of the wild are pushing around them, free and without consequence. Dean feels drunk. He can tell his pupils are blown wide and dark, trying to catch every hint of movement from Cas. His eyes feel itchy and heavy, the weight of his eyelashes pulls his blinks slow. He breathes and wants Cas closer, so he goes to him.
“I mean, it’s more of a
“—But other men have beaten you to it—“
It’s on a hunt. Brutal and sickening in ways Dean really didn't think he’d be shocked by anymore. That is, until they wandered into a cabin in the woods and found one of the missing mothers trying to pull what was left of her son's spine out of his neck so she could mount it on the pike properly. She hadn't been alone. There were at least seven other women cheering her on, singing in haunting harmonies while blood crept up their arms. Dean wasn't alone either, and he wasn't going to forget the look on Castiel's face as long as he lived. Which, barring any more miracles, wouldn’t be that long.
He often would drift off while Sam went into the intricacies of a case, but wouldn’t so blatantly shut him down. Especially when they didn’t know for sure what was killing college students and stealing their livers. His brother had fixated on this concept of witches in a way that didn’t seem… grounded in reality.
Dean feels the bottom of his stomach fall out. Cas’ face moves from bewildered to furious.
“Just because he was gay doesn’t mean he was in love with me, Sam.” It scrapes his throat raw coming out. The words sting just as badly out loud as they did the first time Dean had thought them, about three seconds after Cas had come out to him and said nothing more on the subject. Too late he realizes he used past tense to refer to Cas and the panic crawls to an even higher pitch. “Is. Doesn’t mean he
to be. Another human facsimile.
Kevin eats a mouthful of his cereal.
“You want me to fuck you, Dean?” Cas drags his fingers up Dean’s arm. Dean feels his lids lower. He maintains eye contact with Cas and nods, slow. Deliberate.
. Cas was the sun.
And Dean storms out of the room. The yellow florescents seemed to flicker with his rage and frustration. Sam rubbed his forehead, letting out a deep sigh in the empty space.
,” he growls. Dean sees stars. Almost fully whites out. He has to take a second to gather himself. Breathe and let his fingers shake a moment before pushing one up against Cas’ entrance, rolling and experimental.
Kevin reads the texts twice over to make sure he’s got it right.
“Well, that’s what it is,
“Boring!” Dean cuts him off, teeth glinting in an unsettling way. “Uninteresting and unimportant, Sammy! We are talking about current real life not that stupid Greek—“
“I won't let you harm the child.”
“How about some music,” Dean says, and before either of them can speak up in defense of their eardrums, Led Zeppelin is blasting through speakers Dean relentlessly fixes every time they fail.
The baby across the way starts to cry and the father scoops it up into his arms, shushing and hushing as he rocks it. Something in Cas feels like shards of glass. The father reaches over and pushes a fleeting touch to his wife's hand, which lies exhausted on the table. She smiles at him, weary and warm. He smiles back, bright, encouraging. He stands, baby still wrapped close. He presses a kiss to his wife's forehead, then the toddler’s. He bounces the baby and then he's out the door, starting to sing to it as they head to the parking lot.
It felt different. Dean’s fingers tighten around the wheel as he tries to forget the texture of Castiel's skin and heat around and under him. He rolls his shoulders and the collar of his backup coat brushes over the tender skin where Cas left a hickey.
Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck
“What is there to talk about.” His voice is almost... bored.
Tug a few inches, the length of his forearm, pause and loop, his hands slick as he makes the knot. Tug, pause, loop, knot. Tug, pause, loop, knot. He doesn’t know why he's preparing his intestines this way. He should have cleaned them out first. Washed them with water and squeezed the waste free. No one will eat his intestines. They will rot, in what would be less than a minute for him once, and now, painfully long.
No baby blues, this guy is dumping
“Shit or shit their pants?”
“Sam!” Dean stands up, the chair flinging out behind him with the force. “Will it help us
Okay. Fifteen feet of intestine. Is that a lot, because it sounds like more intestine than people even have.
Jacks looking like he’s holding the most fragile and precious bird egg in his hands, face so open and awed. “A Winchester.”
Dean’s face shuts down. Kevin hasn’t seen anything like it before. “Yeah well. Been there, tried that.”
“Henry, is this your coffee?” That’s Dennis, naturally. And he can’t lie because it’s not like anyone else has a FABINISTA traveller.
“And I can’t do religious studies or whatever? I know angels.” He asked, petulant, going back to slicing thick cuts of ham. The ciabatta buns were toasting on the stove, but they'd be okay a moment longer while he convinced his brother to switch their roles. Sam picks up one of the slices and takes a large bite, chewing before his rebuke.
Sam had long harboured a not-so-secret wish to be in academics. Teaching in some boring stuffy classroom with his monogrammed chalk holder, scrawling excitedly across green boards. Dean liked the second half of Indiana Jones movies more. That's where his fantasies lay.
Kevin sighs and turns on Dean’s music, which sort of sounds like he’s forgiven for putting his foot in his mouth during class. Dean makes the mistake of glancing to the backseat, where Sam is looking baffled and smug at the same time. Dean gestures and mouths ‘what’. Sam raises his eyebrows incredulously and mouths back ‘crisis?’. Dean pulls the lever on the side of his seat and shoves the front seat back into Sam’s shins. Kevin’s hair swings with the movement, but his mouth stays firmly shut, eyes still locked on the pamphlets.
Dean leans in to touch his forehead to the tiles—still cold even though the water is almost too hot to be comfortable. Stroking his dick to the thought of teeth on his neck, to the horror and the incredible rush of it, but he keeps seeing Cas’ face the moment after it was over; flat, totally void of expression, as if he’d absented his vessel in that second.
Jack is holding Cas’ hand on the top of the table. Dean grabs his cutlery package and savagely untwists it from the napkin, turning his coffee cup over in it’s saucer.
Cas leans close. His lips ghost over Dean’s before— Dean pulls himself back. He’s speaking before he knows what he’s gunna to say. Before he can even guess at it.
Dean resists swearing. Clumsy. “You want me to be?”
The answer is sort of in the question. He throws his phone down on the mattress and glares up at the ceiling some more.
Dean bites him sharp, a reward. He thuds back into the tree, shirt riding up and the bark digging into his exposed tender skin. Dean sucks in a breath, the spring night air still clinging to a hint of winter past, even this late in the season.
“So it
“What happened to you, anyway?”
Sam shook his head, sweeping the thoughts away. Good and bad were not diametrically opposed. They could co-exist and
Dean can't stop himself from obeying, sliding the first knuckle in, shocked at how warm and hot it is. Cas groans through gritted teeth, his jaw jutting out and eyes drifting shut, hands still impatient on Dean, tapping against his shoulder. Urging him on. “You can’t
There’s an impression of a sound from Cas’ end of the line--a car door closing, maybe, distant, not nearby. Castiel clears his throat.
/////
Sam trails behind, trudging with his long legs, wind sweeping his hair back.
“I’m a desk sergeant. But I’m also sorry for your loss. Er. These remains are being held at the Boston morgue, if you would like to collect them, or you can call to arrange them to be cremated and mailed to you.” He rattles off a phone number which Claire pretends to write down. Then she orders another coffee, and chews the inside of her cheek.
The phone screen is still lit, face up. The little wings mocking him in some way. For some reason. He picks his phone up from the dresser and turns around, connecting the movements into one so it feels less monumental. As he sits on his bed he hits dial, trying not to look at the screen. He grits his teeth and holds it to his ear. It rests, a little warm against his cheek. The drilling hum of the ring buzzes through the small bones in his inner ear. And he waits.
“No! But—“
, thank god he didn’t. What a set of baby blues.
Dean had shaken his head, flung the thought far away.
“Good.” He feels the poison pushing out of him, “Because it wouldn’t have worked. A random guy wouldn’t get it. Wouldn’t love him right. Wouldn’t know why to. Wouldn’t see him clearly. Would have just seen his dorky little icon with his jacket off and sleeves rolled up laughing in the sun and— and— what a stupid thing to have in your bio— just emojis? What’s anyone going to get out of that anyway— no one would be able to fall in love with him over that—“
Dean walks out the door, unable to defend himself on that front.
Dean’s suffocating. He whirls, stomps around the room for a bit in order not to scream at Sam for making assumptions or being stupid or being fucking offensive or—
“Okay, okay! Stow it, Sammy! I’ll be in class soon enough.” He gripes back, before Sam can pick up steam.
Cas doesn't know what he will find as he unravels himself like a sweater caught on a chain link fence.
“Very much not the end of the story?” Sam is getting frustrated after a single rebuff. That bodes not fucking well.
So he fingers him open against the tree trunk, pants hanging off one of Cas’ ankles; it managed to slip off over his slim shoes. They sway a little with the rhythm, brushing up against Dean’s hip where he’s hitched Cas’ leg over to get better access to his asshole. It’s not nearly wet enough, so Dean spits on his fingers while maintaining eye contact with Cas, rolling their foreheads together. He moves to lower his hand but Cas snatches it and
He’s crumbled some brown sugar on top of the flakey crust to add a bit of crunch when the turnovers come out of the oven and Kevin slides into the room— socks undoubtedly picking up dust bunnies Dean missed cleaning somewhere. Dean turns to put the tray in the oven but says over his shoulder, “Nice timing. Fresh baked goods in fifteen.”
“...” Dean starts futzing with the dirty batter bowl in the sink.
Dean clambers into the Impala, skin still grimy with dirt and guilt. He runs his hand around Baby’s wheel, smooth round motion. Ignores the bark under his fingernails from where they had dug and pushed and—
Dean feels his rage awaken in response to Cas’ indignance.
” He interrupts, harsh and holding up a pointed finger. “Will it help us kill them!”
Cleaveland at night looks more or less indistinguishable from any other American city, at least to Castiel. The road is wet, but it’s not raining. It seems to have just let up, and the few pedestrians he spots are carrying umbrellas. He walks with no purpose, and no direction. There is nowhere to go. There is, distantly. Castiel has things to do, in the way he
“I’m sorry, Jack. I didn’t hear anything. Maybe you can show me your out-loud reading tonight?”
Jack trots over to Cas, hugging him, too— something almost birdlike in the light-quickness of the movement. “It’s okay! Things are fine!”
About putting a faceless photo up, some shitty throw away pick up line in his bio. About swiping right on Cas and seeing if they matched. And what would happen afterward. What he’d say. What he’d do. The idea of sitting by the phone and waiting had dissuaded him.
it off, and then he reaches for Cas, and he pulls his coat off too. And Cas just looks at him, blank. Or not blank. That evaluating look all angels have, like they’re tallying up the sins against the good deeds, with that extra Cas flavor, like he’s never seen a face before, and he wants to know it inside and out.
She groans and rubs her face, exhausted. This hunt had already taken it out of her. She had been excited about a long, hot shower. But now it looks like she’s going to have to call her father’s corpse thief and demand to know why he’s scattering his innards all over the East Coast.
In front of Castiel is a bowl of minestrone soup that he ordered but is not eating. He felt compelled to eat
“Cas is just being Cas,” he snaps. Sam doesn’t think that’s ever been true. But he’s known Dean long enough that he doesn’t bother pushing the issue.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah! I fucking know! I was apologizing to him! I should never have done any of that! It was fucked up of me! I treated Jack like shit! You think I don’t know that? I don’t want to ever make him feel like that again. I don’t want to be like—“
Around him the chant builds.
“Nah.” Dean answers, fast and without thinking. “Just wanna get back.”
“What is that supposed to mean.” Cas asks him, voice low. He didn’t move to step back. Of course he didn’t. It was Cas.
Dean had closed the menu. He knew what he wanted.
He hopes the waitress gets here quick.
“Bully for you.” Dean bites out, snapping his teeth. But Kevin is already leaving the room, hands in his pockets, sliding in his god-damn sock feet.
, or at least appearing to.
CLAIRE:
An abscess.
“I’m saying it could be a lot of different things, Dean.” Sam says, trying to keep his voice even. Sam felt his brow furrow, exasperation with his brother clocking in for work.
“Hm. I love you, too.” His eyes are the sky. His voice, thunder. Dean, a planetary body, caught in the inevitable orbit of the sun.
coherent thing.
“It isn’t her job to sort out your very
Without Cas here— his breath hitches. Without Cas here, this was going to be impossible. Without Cas there was no one there to balance out Dean’s ugly but Sam. Sam was good, and Sam was kind, but he wasn’t enough to even the scales alone. Not without Cas.
The men’s washroom door has already swung shut behind him when Dean wonders if maybe he should have just waited at the table. Sam would have probably broken down completely if Dean had tried to say anything. And Dean wasn’t prepared to spend an hour sitting next to Cas, dead silent while—
“When is it not,” Dean bites out.
“How can I help you boys?” She asks, breathless. Her little hat is off kilter, but her smile looks genuine.
Kevin stays quiet, but he covers his eyes a moment and then looks out the car window. As if Dean cares what Kevin thinks of his whole charade. The ‘girls fall at my feet’ thing was getting old, seeing as the entire time they lived together Dean hadn’t got laid once.
Dean blinks. Were they… really not on the same page about this?
Sam blinks when Kevin enters the kitchen, but he doesn’t look that shocked. They’re finally used to him being around, seemingly. Or as used as they're gonna get. Kevin grabs a bowl and fills it with frosted flakes, shuffles over to the fridge and pours the milk.
The room is tomb quiet. Down the hall Dean can hear the generator running. He pushes his face into his hands, wanting to break the silence with something. Anything. But more than that, he wants Cas to be the one to do it.
to be.
“Okay that’s enough.” Sam shoots him a look and Kevin suddenly remembers how tall the man is. And wide. He doesn’t think he’s met a wider man.
“Weird,” he says, and doesn’t go on to elaborate.
In the booth with the family, one of the children misses their plate, spraying ketchup across the table. The parents scramble for napkins. The baby laughs, although Castiel wonders how much of this it even understands. The laugh is bright against the scraping of silverware and murmur of people anyway.
“Yeah.” He waves his hand at the door again, starting to feel like one of those used car lot inflatable men, limbs akimbo. “A total murderer looking guy just bolted that way. And not like— the regular murderer-looking people who come in.”
Kevin sort of weighs how much he cares about a real answer. “Meaning?”
Sam reaches over and shakes him ‘awake’ fifteen minutes later, Dean pretends to be grumpy and newly conscious. Jack trots Cas into the restaurant, his father’s hand still clasped tightly in his fingers. It clicks then, walking across the rain wet tarmac, just how scared Jack had been for Cas. They haven’t had a chance to be a family yet, something always going wrong at the last minute.
A bloody one. The kind that really sold newspapers. Some of the violence checked out with the lore, sons’ heads on pikes, ripped limb from limb, treated like animals. But… the mothers. Sam knew that had been Dean and Cas, not some sort of elaborate ritual suicide. The violence and the gore and the viscera that had sent the reports into such a tizy… that had been his brother and an
A twig drifts to the ground at his feet. The leaves are round and oval. Dean picks it up. The very touch of it slices his palm to ribbons. The blood flows and flows and flows. It puddles at his feet.
“It took you three days to kiss me?”
Jack nods, the same severity that was in his voice now in his actions. His eyes are dancing. Sam rolls his again. Dean heads out to find Cas.
this to him. And Cas is
Dean rubs the tears off his face, harsh and quick.
But just
“You know it’s wrong, Castiel! I’ll exterminate it
“Maybe. Maybe the other way ‘round.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas feels like ice beside him, unresponsive and distant.
to be women's studies?”
Dean rolls his eyes, seems to mouth the word ‘coven’. Kevin slumps lower in his seat, watching empty countryside flying past the window. Something people who don’t hunt probably don’t get, or think about, is that America is very wide, and very empty. And so much of hunting is sitting in a car with guys you’d probably die for, but personally can’t stand that much.
Kevin skims the menus, scrawled on sandwich boards in a messer imitation of the restaurant's font.
“The hell? I wasn’t that bad! I made
Cas looks hungry. Looks like he could eat Dean alive. Good.
Cas holds Jack’s gaze, as if double-checking the validity of his statement.
about understanding them. He imagines a crude joke, but he can’t really guess what emotion would be behind it.
So anyway i hope yall had fun come hang out w me on tumblr @dragqueendean. Big shout out to my betas who are like five whole people at this point. you have my heart.
Sam had nodded, unquestioning. Dean curled up on his side, facing away from Sam, and opened up his photo app. He then promptly closed his photo app and put his phone away and went to bed, like the grown-ass man he was. A few days later his conviction flagged and he started the tradition of looking at the photo before bed.
“Uh, are you going to explain why you had Cas put me in time-out?”
He hisses and Dean re-adjusts his seat. Eyes on the road.
comment
Dean froze. Since when would he have to try hard at it?
Sam makes a face and mutters something unintelligible, then goes to find Kevin. Dean turns his attention back to the cutting board, and starts a third sandwich.
Kevin looks through the pamphlets Dean shoved at him as they raced down the highway. It was getting dark outside, but Dean had smacked his hand away when Kevin tried to turn on the overhead light in the car.
Vomit gushes out of Cas the instant he hangs up. He’s gripping the side of the bowl, and he hears the phone hit the peeling linoleum somewhere to the side of him. Not cracking, hopefully. But the phone is cheap and the floor is close and it feels like someone has a hold of his vessel and is trying to force
“And what else?”
penis various penis hilarious
“Let me know if I can help, or something,” he offers. It’s not much of a real offer, and he knows Sam’s not gonna take him up on it. But it’s one of those things you say just to say it. Sam nods and gets up and wanders off in the direction of the library, and Kevin uses the back of his spoon to drown the frosted flakes that are still floating.
He slings his arm around Jack’s shoulders and the kid lets out a bright burst of laughter. They head outside.
Abruptly, Cas takes back his coat. He pulls it from Dean's hands where it was bundled with his own. Cas slips out of his suit jacket. Unrolls himself from the soaking blood and running brains. Folds the overcoat inside the suit to keep his shirt clean as he carries it. Dean feels the night air worm its way up his back, trace along the divot of his spine.
“Listen! Will it help us kill them?”
“It’s useless, Dean.” Cas mutters. Dean can feel the stirring of air against his cheek, and lets his eyes flick to Cas’ face anyway. He knew Cas would be this close, but he didn’t know he’d be tilting his head like
Art for this fic is done by the ever sexy SPRUCE aka Babbyspanch themself.
While the suspension of the Impala obviously leaves a lot to be desired (it’s from the fucking sixties) the bench seats are actually pretty nice. Dangerous, but dying in a car crash is a comparatively soft way to go. All things considered.
“I mean. Dean’s been an over-protective mother hen for half the time I’ve known you guys.”
CLAIRE:
“Is that dude eating a sheet cake?” Becca asks. Harris nods. “
“What emoji—?” Sam stops talking, gears in his head making audible thunking noises against his thick skull. Dean feels panic rising in his throat. “Wait. How do you know—?”
Would one twist of his pale purple intestines reveal an underbelly of glittering black pearls like fish eggs, swelling and heavy after being fertilized? Angel caviar? Ripe for scraping? To be scooped up on one of those ridiculous tiny spoons and hand fed to Dean, who— as always— is
Hey all!! Spruce here, manhandling their way into the notes to say: thank you so much for all the support this fic gets. We appreciate and are happy to be enjoying the taboo themes of gender and the horrors of pregnancy with every single one of you!!!
“Look. I’ll leave the room. Go sit with Jack for a bit. You have an hour, okay? Then I’m calling Rowena again. I know her price is high but…” Sam shrugs, his eyes lock back into Dean’s. “If there’s a chance.”
“You should run that by him,” Dean smiles, “As for me… whatever you want, kiddo.” He snorts, “You could call me Momma and I wouldn't have a problem.”
Kevin made a noise, “You guys cracked it already? Sam didn’t sound sure when we were talking. Missing organs can be a lot of things.”
////////
Castiel picks up on the third ring.
“Like you said. A bunch of bull.”
me, Dean. That was one of the problems I brought up when I rejected you. Your treatment of Jack. You didn’t do this to make me reconsider my position—?”
“That’s not a good word, Dean.” Jack says, grave.
Sam’s fingers flex and his hand finally falls off Dean's shoulder. “That wasn’t what I was thinking.”
“I’m thinking more along the lines of how we can still
“When
No dollars (CAD) for getting the X-files refs, but SPRUCE will be proud.
He’s nearly at his stomach now. Cas looks into himself, and inhales. Carrying this thing inside him, he feels like a satchel not yet turned to leather. Like a thing built to hold. Cracked vessel that can still carry water. The clay inside rotting and poisoning.
them?”
want you.”
She tilts her head,eyebrows furrowed but her smile still fixed in place. “Well, that’s— Hm.” She blinks. “Well, maybe you’ll get lucky one day!”
, guys?” he demands.
“Dean.” His voice is even more fucked than usual, Dean can’t help but notice. “I am.”
- tumblr user c0rpseductor
“What happened to showering?” Dean asks, clumsy. Feeling like he just tumbled out of a dryer— covered in lint and disoriented.
“I love you.” Dean is woozy.
“But they sort of… I mean. They do that a lot.” In the time he’s known Dean and Cas (as in, a duo, in the same room together) they’ve had an understanding. A knowing of each other that runs deeper than any fissure could crack. A sort of mutual trust that whatever happens, they’d work it out. It was… sort of comforting. Especially in the face of the world as Kevin now saw it. Dean could absolutely still be a bitch, though.
An absence.
Castiel. That bitch.
Dean drags his eyes away and is met with a very different red.
“It’s more than that, Cas. I want you. I need you because I want you. I’ll ask you every day to stay with me. ‘Cause I need you here. ‘Cause I want you here. It would never be an experiment with you, Cas. I know what I want. I’ve known what I want for months. Wanted you years before I knew it. It’s you. With me. For as long as you want to be there.”
, that one had been particularly fucked up. Sam had kept a google alert active on the town to see what news stories would come out of it.
Jack beams at him, “Dad and I were just having a talk!”
A surprised curse had escaped his lips. He clapped a hand over his mouth and leaned over to turn on the shower. He made no move to strip down. Just sat on the toilet looking at Cas’ face in the honeyed sun, the white of his shirt a sharp contrast to his tanning skin. Cas had convinced him to take a walk out of the bunker, insisting the weather demanded it almost as much as Dean's bad knees needed a stretch. Dean had snapped a photo of Cas mid-laugh. Sent it to him with a sort of beaming pride. Cas didn’t laugh often, but here was photographic evidence that he could. That Dean could make him. And now Cas was using it to pick up other men.
“Why the hell are you texting her?” Dean asks, taking his eyes off the road completely.
Castiel thinks if he reaches inside his self, his true self, right now, although it will be painful, no doubt, he could dig the thing out and discard it. And the growth in his vessel would be halted too. It would rot into something he could heal. He can feel it tugging at his grace already. Demanding resources to grow in the inhospitable environment of a human abdominal cavity. He thinks he
“Bitch.”
Dean has seen Cas shut down before, something behind his eyes stalling out, stuttering. But this…
Dean’s inhale is sharp and he reels back, unsteady on his feet. Cas sits up as if following him, pulled to him.
“Not so you could fuck me?”
That’s not why he doesn’t reach in and do anything. And it’s not why he leaves the Wal-Mart with a disturbed surety that he’s not going to do anything. It’s because it occurs to him, despite his best efforts, that he doesn’t
Dean winces and hits the ground beside him, not giving his bad knees a thought until they protest under him. His puts his hand on Cas’ back and the guy
“I don’t
“No.” The man says simply. He eats another forkful of crumbling cake. It does not look good.
that will end the world!”
The waitress— ‘Des’ her nametag reads— waits patiently for him. Well, she does for a full three seconds before turning to the more functional people at the table.
. He gets to do this to Cas. He’s
He follows that straight jut of Cas’ nose with his own. Lets his thumb curl around the dull roll of Cas’ chin. Lets his own breath stutter out, warm and washing over Cas’ face. He leans down, the distance between their skin full of something unseen, but all-consuming. It ticks in his lungs and prickles in his skin. Dean’s breathing is shallow and god— he wishes Cas were here to feel this moment with him. Dean lets his lips push against Cas’, warm but dry. Cracked and sharp where tiny parts of the skin have begun to flake. Dean kisses him wet again.
Dean nods. Tries to repeat back the words, but finds his voice has stopped working while this close to Cas’ lips and he sort of just... mouths them.
Dean at first thinks they are grazing.
, Sam? Our best fucking friend dying? Leaving Jack with us for the rest of his life? Alone against the whole world with only us idiots for his back up?”
Dean glances up to the bed frame where his ring finger is tapping against the wood, hitting the same imagined beats. Gap where music could be, the dead air on the radio.
Dean was repressing
“I don’t need your help with this. But.” There’s a pause, silence. “Goodbye, Dean.”
The next beat hits. He came back from an unsatisfying shower with the vague intent of calling Cas, lost his nerve and texted instead. But it’s been an hour, and no reply, same as the last three texts he sent. Could be he’s in trouble. Or he just doesn’t want to talk. Dean’s trying to figure why he’s so hung up about it. Why he doesn’t just dial Cas like he would anyone else.
Jack nods emphatically. “I had a good time.”
He shakes his head once, sharp. Turns back to Sam. “Listen. I’m just saying you’re always spouting stuff about this and… and gay people, and stuff, and you’re probably way better equipped—“
{-_-}
“Dad?” She hates the little wobble in her voice, which no amount of leather jackets and bad eyeliner seem to cover up.
She tries again and gets as far into the message as: “It’s Claire, your—” before she has to bail out and hangs up.
It’s quiet a beat as Kevin dips into the pantry and re-emerges with a couple of Sam’s granola bars— one already gripped between his teeth and half unpeeled. He finishes his bite and then asks:
Sam sighs. It’s resigned. Dean needs to get out of here. Now. His eyes fall to Cas over Sam's shoulder, still motionless, face waxy and vacant. It hurts to look at.
“It’s not all on you, Jack. But… Let me know if I hurt you again, yeah? I’ll do my best not to, but—“
Jack makes a pleased hum. “Yes please, Dad.”
“Maybe so. But it’s a Winchester. Ending the world is their ‘whole thing’.” Cas finishes his air-quotes and stabs Leliel through the chest before the shock over the child's parentage can fade from their face. His blade crunches through the vessel's ribs, glancing across a lung on the way down. Cas yanks the blade free and watches the chest collapse, the fishlike gasping slowly stops. Leliel stills.
The man speeds up. “
He sees a man in a tan coat walking away, perhaps a stitch too fast. Too guilty. And it’s not like— a normal stylish tan coat. Like a flasher coat.
“Oh.” Dean’s voice is all breathy again. So low it cracks. “That’s—uh. That’s too bad.”
Cas confessed this to Dean after he got out of his long-awaited shower. He murmured the words into Dean’s skin, clean and feeling like new. Dean laughed along and made a promise to never make Cas doubt Dean’s love for their son ever again.
If they pulled each other up hand over hand, wrecking everyone’s shit on the way out the door. Something about that image catches hold of him; Dean and Cas, Cas and Dean, strong and lethal and
That was the moment he felt some of Dean’s come slide down his inner thigh, already cooling. Naturally. He reaches for Dean’s shoulder to fly them back to the car, but Dean flinches.
“Can we go to Denny’s?”
They walk back to the car, where a furious Sam is hammering on the rear window. Castiel remembers the locks, and releases them. Sam unfolds himself from the car, nostrils flaring.
“Dean.” He murmurs, barely moving his lips, eyes trapped with Dean’s, warm and aching. He rubs his thumb over the curve of Cas’ ear. Dean wants to fill him up.
“Yes, your father. We found—This may be difficult to hear, but we have found and identified some… organs, as belonging to your father. The DNA match was exact.”
Cas goes to his room and Dean goes to his own. He takes out his phone. He deletes the screenshot. He has his answer. How awful must he be for Cas to love him but still not want him?
And then Dean’s crying. He looks up and grabs Jack into a hug so the kid doesn't have to see. But holy shit. Jack wants him to be his dad.
Castiel growls.
“No, like. She says you really need to talk to him.”
His fingers tighten on Dean’s and the noise that slips out is involuntary and completely compromising. Dean swears. Yanks Cas in with his tie. Cas groans and pushes him into the closest tree, hand on his hip the other sliding up Dean’s body fast. It finds its home tangled in Dean’s hair as they pant, joining the night noises.
Dean squeezes Jack’s shoulder, rubs with his thumb. “Which way did Cas go?’
“Mhm.” Jack nods, “Should I call you something different?” He cranes his body around to make eye contact with Dean, “So I don’t mix all of you up? Three dads is a lot of ‘dad’s. Maybe Sam will want something else too!”
Jack frowns deeper. “Dean… You… Yeah, I have three dads but… Lucifer isn’t one of them. Aren’t you… already my dad?” His voice is vulnerable. A little lost.
It’s matched from below him.
He’d sat on the toilet settling into a rhythm of swiping left, over and over and over. He didn’t know what he was looking for until a photo he himself had taken popped up on his screen.
“Good.” Dean says. Tries to figure out how to broach this. Well, there’s one surefire way to get the ball rolling. “I’m sorry, Jack.”
aware that it’s open, the breath hot. He can feel his own warm breath swelling like an ocean tide over his lips, the cool air of the wilds lays against his sensitive skin. Does Cas feel it, too?
“Cas. It’s me. Let me in, dude.” Another groan. It was not welcoming. Dean sighs. Leans his head against the stall before remembering how gross Denny’s bathrooms are and jerks back. His forehead left a greasy mark against the metal. “I know you’re pissed, but let me help.”
“It seems like it’s… kind of urgent, probably,” he tells Dean, and then watches his knuckles go tight on the wheel.
Yeah. Those are organs. Those are
Cas looks at him. The same way he always does. Like there’s nothing else to see in the whole of creation. Dean can’t fucking stand it.
Dean finds out later Sam had spilled the beans to Cas. His brother had seen Dean and Jack wandering out to the forest and had mentioned it to him on the way to clean up. Cas didn’t have the context Sam did of the Denny’s conversation and had chased them down, nervous for Jack.
Castiel’s mouth is open. Dean is so so
penis serious penis delirious
“Miss Novak, I want to…” He clears his throat. “I want to stress that this likely means your father is dead. I’m calling to tell you that the missing person’s case is being closed.”
“You seriously gave Baby child safety locks? Are you kidding me.” The banter is almost normal. It could be a conversation like any other day, but for the breathlessness hiding behind Dean’s teeth.
Dean remembered hearing about some photographer who demanded ‘get-to-know-you’ sessions before they ever took a portrait. They thought in order to take a good photo you had to be at least fifteen percent in love with your subject.
“Oh, yeah!” Jack responds, still being held by his dad, but more casually— a loose arm swung around his shoulders, “Sam made me go to bed every night at bedtime but, Dean’s older than Sam so he can’t tell him what to do.”
a MILF sex cult, that would be too easy. That’s a world that nobody, no matter how righteous, gets to live in.
Cas hopes they saw the flower.
He thinks to himself, watching Jack and his lumpy brown knit sweater careen off between the trees.
KEVIN:
It’s really nice. Dean pulls back eventually, and Jack hums a little and wobbles his head the way he does when he’s pleased with something.
Not anymore. Not again. Everyone would stay alive and together and Dean would die to keep that true. He’d give his life for Jack without being asked. But then again, John had done that same thing.
“Not particularly,
stood up for Jack.
Maybe all Dean would need to do was keep him in the dark about the other kisses not working. Then they wouldn't have to have an awkward conversation about who felt what for who and who… didn't.
okay the first time. But things inside Castiel had shaken loose. Dean came and his soul, vibrant and screaming and still so radiant— had left a piece of itself in the iron filings of Castiel. And something sparked. Life had sparked.
And holy shit. Holy
He stands up, phone in hand, open, scrolls to Cas’ contact (with the little wings emoji—that seemed so funny at one time) but he hovers. He doesn’t hit dial. Dean’s in his room in boxers and a t-shirt, it would be…
“Oh. Yeah.” He stops, fingers twisting in the sheet, “What— what are you doing? You need a hand? Sam and I can be down where you’re at in—“
“—Are you seriously bringing up your
The skin around Cas’ eyes tightens. Pained. A pang of it swims across his expression. “You never have.”
Jack gasps a little. Inhales the pancake wrong. He’s already finished two since Dean came back inside. A man after his own heart. Nephil? Kid.
KEVIN:
Wait, no.
“...Okay?” Kevin’s hesitance puts Dean’s teeth on edge.
Dean steps back, lets go of Cas. He’s been holding him so tight his fingers tremble with nothing to clench onto.
“Of course not, man— look at you!”
Dean rolls his eyes and wipes the mayo-mustard-tomato-seeds off his face and tosses the napkins back at his brother's shaggy head. Sam makes a deeply affronted noise. Dean casts a quick grin at Cas, who’s watching them from his spot, untouched tomato soup and a pile of saltines in front of him—another little mockery of human need that Cas sometimes spontaneously decided to put up.
Dean sits on the bed. He picks up Cas’ hand again, runs his thumb over the knuckles, leans his forehead against the flat of the first row and presses a kiss between the first and second fingers. Another kiss, slightly higher. A third on the back of his hand.
This is the kind of thing you tell someone— but honestly… Henry is at a momentary loss about
And if the rate of growth continues like this, it’s going to start encroaching on things soon. Things he doesn’t need, arguably (all this intestine for such a simple task?) but still.
“Uh, sorry!” Harris calls.
Cas sits up in bed, like Dean has been begging for the last two days. Dean has shoved himself up against the far wall. Cas’ mouth is still shiny.
“Shut up, Dean. The class was a little rowdy. That’s all.”
, Sammy.” Dean’s reaching for something else to say, to actually convince him, because it’s not like Sam is going to fucking
“It doesn’t
$10 (CAD) to anyone who spots the London Ontario references (doesnt count if you grew up there!)
Nothing. Some rustling. The sound of Cas spitting into the toilet. “Let me
“Damn right, kiddo.” Dean says, cuffing him on the back of the head, light as he can manage. Sometimes physical affection is hard to judge. Jack grins at him, so hopefully it hadn’t been too rough. Jack unsticks himself from Cas’ side to trot after Dean, still absolutely beaming.
“Er.” Shuffling of papers, like the guy on the other end is reading a report or something. “Approximately fifteen feet of intestine.”
It feels good to have Jack take after him in something, even if it’s unhealthy and will land him in an early grave. But, well. That’s Dean, isn’t it?
-SLIME & SPRUCE
Inward, the thing resembles more a soul than not a soul. More a formed thing than not a thing. And in his vessel, cells that don’t belong to Jimmy Novak have doubled their number. Not that they have belonged to Jimmy Novak in some time. Not that he is clear now, or ever has been, on if a body is truly
The mothers keep chanting.
Stole directly from that one tweet: “i’ve been asking my 6 year old nephew how i could take better care of him. And it took a couple conversations and finally he said “I would like more hugs cause it makes me feel loved” like... YOU GOT IT AND IM SORRY”
, and Dean himself in the driver's seat.
The wind picks up again for a second, and ruffles through Kevin’s short hair. He flips the knife open, and finds the blade polished and sharp--well cared for like every weapon that comes from Dean. He only bothers with the K, carving it into the empty seat beside him.
a spelling error. It’s so distracting and embarrassing that he almost misses the organs.
“He has been weird with us lately,” Sam says.
“Yeah, well I’m gonna be posing as a visiting professor and, no offense— but I don’t think you could pull that off,
“So what? We’re just not gonna talk about it?”
Cas’s fingers catch on his, tumble into them. Warm and thick, they roll over the hand trying to brush the tie clean. Dean feels
Sam’s sniffling into a paper napkin, branded with the red and yellow Danny’s logo. Dean rolls his eyes. Jack’s grin is back up to blinding, and Dean hasn’t even made his actual apology yet.
“Awe, look at him.” Sam says, voice overly and performatively fond, clearly not taken in by Dean's sleeping act and wanting to rub his nose in it. “Like an angel when he sleeps.”
Where the branches of the willow reach the ground and brush against the grass in any wind, Harris is picking up half-rotted pop bottles and crumpled Mcdonalds bags. It’s strange to find them so far from the Mcdonalds. More strange, however, is the dude sitting on the bench closest to them.
He flings open the door and Jack is standing there, hands tucked into his pockets rocking from back to front on his toes.
Dean swallows down the affront at Cas’ instinctual doubt, “I was apologizing to him, Cas. Do I need your permission to apologize to my kid now or—“
{-_-}
That’s his son.
Dean grits his teeth and listens to what Sam has to say.
“Uh?” Dean reaches over to where Cas is pulling on the handle and shoves the door closed, “A whole hell of a lot? I...” He pauses, before taking the dive, “I
They sprint the rest of the way without saying a word to each other. Keeping pace even though Cas could fly ahead. If Dean didn’t know better he’d think Cas was enjoying stretching his legs out, long and lean, eating up the muddied earth.
He lets himself hover an inch or two above Cas, breathing slowly. The lights are bright in here, strong enough his eyelids are shining red. Bright enough to see veins. He lets out a shaky exhale.
“It was weird and… So many of our problems stem from just...” He gestures vaguely and stops talking.
“Dean. There’s an entire fucking play about why that’s a bad idea. We just have to see if they’re being brainwashed, gank the leader and call it a night.”
The weight of that crushes him for a while. How it would feel to finally lean in. Close that tumultuous and trembling distance between them. Only to have it cemented that Cas never loved him like that. That some random guy with his abs out and face cropped from the photo had more pull and attraction than Dean ever could.
Dean feels his mind screeching as he marches down the hallway, seething. He had kissed Cas and the man had woken up. Dean wipes the back of his hand against his mouth.
It’s the dawn of the third day and Cas is still passed out on the starched cot, skin weird and pale against the sheets. He’s grown a hint of a beard over the last few days he’s been out and Dean can’t stop looking at it, feeling helpless as it darkens his best friend's chin blue and dark like a bruise.
“Driver picks the music, Dean.” With an element of mocking sing-song that Dean is too tired to deal with right now. He grunts and Sam puts his music on speaker for the whole car to be subjected to, tinny sound quality and all. Dean glances at the rearview mirror and Cas looks away from him quickly.
“Useless?” He breathes, lost in the meaning of the words, no understanding of what Cas was talking about. The other man shifts, ever so slightly, and Dean sways with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas… Can we talk?” He looks up, meeting Dean’s eyes with a raised brow. He bends down and fills his cupped hands with water from the sink. Swishes the water around in his mouth, looking more and more solid. His eyes are clearer when he straightens again. He takes the coat from Dean’s hands.
“See. It
KEVIN:
time you fucked a dude.”
next up:
him.”
The teacher raised her eyebrows, encouraging.
The cup that Carol gave Henry at his thirtieth (oh god,
He covers his mouth and lets his eyes fall shut, the water beating down hot and painful on his scratches. They were stinging, real, and serving as some indicator of how deep they were, how red and desperate. Dean gasps out past his fingers, drawing his fist tighter around his dick, moving faster.
, Dean—!”
of them. He had sat for an hour and a half while a woman preached about the ‘nuance of attraction’ and could hardly parse any of it. Terms flew at him at the speed of light. Definitions skipped over with the understanding the class could keep up.
Cas binks, “But I was in the—“ He breaks off and his eyes fall to Dean, confused and scrunched. Then realization cracks across his face. “You mean Dean?”
right now—?”
Hell was not easier than having breakfast with his fucking family. After a win as big as getting Cas back alive and well, even if he was angry as fuck about the whole thing. Which… Yeah. Dean could kind of understand. It wasn’t the romantic start of a beautiful new relationship he had dreamed of but—
“Go ahead, Jack.”
“You must be hungry.” Cas blinks at Dean’s assertion. “It’s— I mean— You’ve been out two whole days. Almost three. You must be thirsty, too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Normally, this would make Dean smile. But then, normally, Dean hadn’t fucked his best friend against a tree in the woods.
“Dean.” Sam doesn’t continue and Dean marches away. Sam lets him and he hears the door jingle after he enters and slides into the booth. He sits beside Cas on instinct, boxing him in against the window.
Poor Jack must have been scared shitless. He breathes out harshly and leans against the rough brown brickwork of the Denny’s.
“Don’t worry about it.” Dean says, voice cracked down the middle, just like the table. He stands up. There’s a moment of awkward shuffling with Des, whose warm eyes have cooled off significantly. “Number three special, side of bacon. Please.”
Jack blinks. “Is everything okay?”
Dean’s eyes fly open. Cas is looking back at him, eyes huge.
Cas yanks three layers of shirts off Dean’s shoulders and tugs them down his arms, unweildy and awkard, but incredibly fucking hot.
, Sam! It wouldn’t work! True love isn’t something you find on a dating app, okay!”
“Alright.” Jack squeezes Cas again, tight and fast. He darts in and snags one from Dean right after before running off. Dean can feel the moment lingering in his throat.
Jack had insisted they all watch Frozen together a while ago. Maybe Cas came to the same conclusion they had.
That Jack would hug him, even when he stinks like he does…
, I was locked in the
Dean pops
“Just… I’m. I’m wondering what we do, here.”
And that’s that.
“Yeah, bud I just—“ There’s a million ways this won't be enough. But at the very least he has to spell it out. Say the words he means. “I want to apologize to you. I was rude to you back there. You were just worried about me. Especially after what happened to your dad—“ Dean gestures to where Cas is sitting. Was sitting. Dean blinks. “Where’s Cas?”
Jack laces his fingers together and rocks back and forth on his feet a little, toe to heel. “Would you… could I ask you..?”
“Dean. Hurry
“No. We should get back. It’s fine,” he says, quickly pulling his pants on and fumbling to do up his belt. Dean has to turn away to pick up his own discarded top layers, and Cas braces himself on the tree for a second. He does not breathe out of pattern, he stays even, because even as things are unravelling inside his true body he at least has control of his vessel. Some control.
Stars pop before his eyes. He stumbles down the road until a bus stop, and he sits there until he feels like he can breathe.
“What the
And he’s out the sliding doors, no secondary parting glance. Just hoofin’ it out of there. Henry’s dreams of inappropriate romance are dashed. All his years of skipping PE paid off, obviously. Maybe he should get a gym membership.
Jack starts wolfing his pancakes down and Dean laughs a little. Lays a hand on his shoulder. “Don’t rush. I’ll be here whenever you’re ready.”
“Now, Sam.”
Cas may be Cas, but Dean is Dean, too.
Dean’s mouth hangs open. “So I could
“It isn't a
. Twists--it’s like the feeling of a knife invading his body but without the pain of torn flesh, instead it’s just something out of place, badly so, something moving that shouldn’t move, that isn’t supposed to be there in the first place.
“So why not witches!” Dean smacked the war room table, thumping Bulgaria soundly. It was as much for emphasis as his real frustration leaking through into physicality.
“Dean?” Sam murmurs when he turns the key in the ignition. “You aren’t gonna shower? That fight seemed… messy.”
Dean can see through the window that Cas and Jack have landed themselves in a booth, red vinyl squeaky and cigarette burned. He moves to follow them when Sam grabs his arm. Oh, god. Here we go.
It’s a nice day. They wave at Sam who’s coming back from his run. They walk a little into the woods, find a spot with a fallen tree.
It’s suddenly such a core truth that Dean has to get Sam out right-now-this-instant that his fingers twitch on his gun and he whirls around to face the other direction.
Dean bundles him into the passenger seat and tosses their shit in the back. By the time he gets back from the final sweep through the motel room Sam is out, snoring against the window.
It echoes a little off the tall bunker ceiling. Sam sighs.
.” Sam hissed to himself.
“I already did, Sammy. MILF sex cult.”
//////
“Maybe he had something to do?” Kevin frowns. “Isn’t he normally kinda stiff? I thought that was an angel thing.”
This was a fun little experiment because. I have seen one single jack episode and it was tombstone bc. i like cowboys. He made me too sad to think about too long and everything else i know is from tumblr dashboard osmosis so uh. If you thought he was ooc THATS WHY....... its bc he WAS. But i really wanted to play around with Cas drawing up boundaries for his son that also happened to protect himself!! And dean having to be made uncomfortable to prove to people that he loves them! And just! I get so fucking sad about jack!!!
“Sir!” Henry calls out, starting to jog.
Dean’s making apple turn-overs. He isn’t sure why— but something about the general air of the day demanded he bake, and specifically bake something distinctly apple-brown-sugar warm.
Dean shrunk into his seat. He was going to have to talk to Kevin about this. Insist it was some sort of hypothetical. Totally unrelated to Dean's own life.
?” Dean asks. Cas softens a little, but he still opens his mouth and says:
He exists huge and sprawling, but he feels the pinprick of sand rubbing his grace incorrectly and knows that something has just come into being that should not have. His and Dean’s baby.
A twinge pounds through him, real and twisting in his guts. Turning him inside out for a single second. That’s new. Cas looks around and deposits Leliel’s dead vessel in a poorly cared for rosebush before spreading his wings again.
!” He tries to push all four months of residency authority into his voice. “Sir— Your
there is something more important going on, he reminds himself.
And isn’t that the problem, huh. He snorts to himself. The burden of the driver's seat. The responsibility of the ten car pile-up; his and Cas’ friendship the only smoking corpse casualty.
“Because it’s just livers. And sure there’s a lot of history around haruspex and divination with innards but— but that’s generally sheep or poultry and—“
tree. The one he had Cas against. The one he knows the feel of, bark on skin.
Sam blinks at the two hugging and turns back to Dean, eyebrow arched skeptically. Dean shrugs.
-Sappho (trans. Anne Carson)
sorry for the long wait! between both moving, graduating, various failures of pharmaceuticals, it's been a heavy time! please stay safe, continue surviving the pandemic!!! hee hee
He’s ripping Cas’ tie free, undoing his fly and jerking the fabric down the not-quite-a-man’s thick thighs, wiry with black hair. Cas’ belt clinks somewhere in the vicinity of his knees. Dean drags his fingers up through it on the way back up, delighting in the texture as he mouths at Cas’ neck.
“What, Sam?” God, his voice is ruined.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I changed my mind.” Cas says, primly. A beat.Then he kisses Dean again, fast and efficient.
Did Cas also assume some kind of platonic connection would have woke him up?
Dean had pointed a gun at him.
He stands there a while. His food is cold by the time he comes back to the table, whipped cream on the waffles melted and runny. The bacon has congealed in its own fat. He picks at the fruit cup Sam slides his way and says nothing the rest of the meal. Everyone finishes pretty quickly, they’ve been eating a lot longer than Dean. Des comes back over and offers to box up Dean’s waffle but he makes a face and shakes his head, asking for the bill.
So she tries Dean and Sam, and obviously they don’t answer. Dean had picked up the one other time she tried calling him, a year or so ago. It was a short conversation, she had needed more information about the ghouls she was hunting. He had given her the answers and tried, stilted and awkward, to ask if she was hunting alone.
It’s a short drive to the Denny’s. They don’t go often, because of Sam’s distaste of the whole concept of grease and breakfast food if it isn't mandatory. Dean, obviously, does not have the same problem and Jack is right there with him.
The woman’s name is Abigail Themus and her son’s name was Peter. He had been named Peter, at some juncture, in some hospital, by someone who (theoretically) loved him. Pieces of him are strewn across the floor, strings of muscle hanging from the joints like an unravelled sweater. Skin doesn’t rip clean, like hitting the wrapping paper in the exact way with a pair of scissors, or tearing cloth along the selvedge. It rips jagged; elastic snapped— taut and breaking along invisible tension points.
Dean takes a breath through his nose. “Wake me up when we get to pancakes and bacon.”
The car is quiet. Jack doesn’t throw around the ‘Dad’ word very much. It always feels big when he does. Dean ignores the twisting in his gut he doesn’t understand and burrows his face deeper into his jacket while Sam hums along to his music, unaware.
“I’m texting Claire.”
“The witches you mean?”
He has to pull back. Will have to see the consequences. He keeps his eyes closed and moves to draw back, helpless to resist a last push with his lips against the side of Cas’ mouth. A final prayer. A final begging. A final ‘please’.
“Hey! Stow the judgement, junior!” Dean huffs, indignant. “Anyone can dive into their education at any time!”
“Are you ever?”
“Old news,” she says sharply, before reminding herself again she’s speaking with law enforcement. “I mean. Uh. Thank you.” A pause. “Officer.”
.” Dean bites out, grabbing the sponge and forcing some of the pent up energy into scrubbing the dishes where it swirled down the drain with the rest of the gunk.
His long arm swings wide, point to Cas laying in bed, prone and lonely and
Sam puts on his stern parent face and turns back to Cas and Jack, still tight in each other's space. “You just had cereal!”
“If you take a shower.” Cas says, and Dean snorts. It’s been four days.  “And then you’ll kiss me for real. No spells.”
“What about when you have a lot of sex with women but it has never ever felt as good or profound as the
CLAIRE:
Would it be a fetus? Animal? Would it be a speck of light and time stretching and pulling at the fabric of reality but only within the realm of his own stomach? Or the opposite, some sort of dark hole within him.
“Yes.”
That train of thought runs into a wall. He wants to shake himself out, but the feeling, whatever it is--it’s in deep. Embedded far under the skin. Thunders to the same beat of that chant, lingering in his bones.
{-_-}
“Did you—um. Should I?” Gesturing to where Castiel’s erection used to be. “Oh.”
“Becca.” Harris tries to say it quietly, since she’s only a few feet away, but she flatly ignores him. “Becca. Becca! Psst.”
“Dean, it's a 101 class. I’d be
“Okay. Well.” She turned back to the board and started talking about ‘compulsory heterosexuality’ and ‘toxic masculinity’ and ‘societal expectations’ and a million other things that had Dean struggling not to think about Lisa and the life he tried to paint with her, numbers all wrong for the colours that came in his set.
