“Um, so…” a young sounding male spoke up nervously. “Should I call an ambulance?” It took Tony a second to recognize who the speaker was. It was the Not-Steve-Lifeguard. The one who’d been on duty when Tony had drowned.
God forbid he ever forgot his place at the bottom of the social ladder.
It was a whole confusing cycle of hate.
Steve glanced away from the television, his gaze finding Tony’s. “Cut me some slack, babe. I was on my best behavior for you. I didn’t want you to think I was some foul-mouthed kid. I wanted you to see me as a peer. Someone you could be interested in.”
Tony knew this was another battle he wasn’t going to win.
—had wrecked him like his heats had wrecked him.
“Oh.” Tony didn’t know if he believed that. Who stayed friends with their exes?
“He sounds dumb,” she said in that ‘too honest’ manner of young children.
That couldn’t be a coincidence, right?
“Scholarship, huh? Congrats.” Okay, why was Tony struck with a weird pang of longing at the idea of the alpha leaving in three months? Steve meant nothing to him. “I was given a scholarship once. I was accepted into the undergraduate program at MIT when I was 15…but they rescinded my admission after I presented. My mom shipped me off to omega finishing school instead.” He didn’t know why he was telling Steve all this. He wasn’t looking for pity or a lecture on how omegas belonged in the home and didn’t require a real education.
He’d had a mini heart attack upon later discovering that Steve was using the photo he’d sent as the wallpaper on his phone. The teen’s lock screen had remained a boring football logo, but the inside image had been replaced with none other than Tony’s face.
“What’s all this about, babe?”
old.”
Then teen had been growing progressively more proprietary and demonstrative as the evening wore on. Handing Tony a napkin when he got grease on his face. Putting extra fries on his plate when he ran out. Resting his big hand on the back of Tony’s chair and keeping it there. Drinking out of the same lemonade glass as Tony—which normally didn’t bother Tony, because he and Steve spent so much time swapping spit these days that sharing food and drinks had become second nature to them, anyway—until he’d realized that Steve was making a point of getting that across on purpose.
Nonverbal. Tony was nonverbal again.
Steve was in violation of Tony’s no possessive alpha bullshit rule. Tony had half a mind to call things off with the teen right now.
Steve glanced her way before turning back to Tony. “I’ve got to go.” He sounded almost regretful. “Peggy will kill me if we miss the opening credits. It was good seeing you.” And with a nod of his chin, the blond was gone.
Tony had been so afraid of getting attached, but if this hellscape of a week had taught him anything, it was that he was
Brock and his cronies were nowhere in sight. They’d obviously fled the scene of the crime.
Or, at least, he didn’t think it was.
“I don’t
“No diving in the shallow end!” a loud, authoritative voice rang out. Tony practically jumped out of his skin as the lifeguard strode passed them. The blond—Steve—was admonishing a young, dark-haired boy. The boy splashed some water at him, and Steve reached an arm out to ruffle his hair playfully.
It was also probably the hardest the teen had had to work to get laid in his life. If anyone else had been lucky enough to find themselves on a date with Steve, they’d almost certainly be all over him, steaming up the windows to his car like that scene in
Tony didn’t quite know what to make of it. He was glad that Bucky was clearly comfortable enough around his older brother to act like…well, a kid, and not the frighteningly obedient Stepford child that was the product of too many alpha households. Alphas liked to think of themselves as all-powerful but they had pathetically fragile egos. They were quick to perceive any ‘slight’ against them as a challenge of their authority. Tony had no doubt that some of them would’ve been genuinely angered by the children’s harmless prank. However, Steve seemed more amused than anything.
His longing called out to Tony with a power that he didn’t understand.
Nat took a breath and gathered her courage. She nodded.
Tony flipped her off.
“You know…” Darcy looked at him tentatively, “the age difference isn’t that crazy. He
Steve was swimming laps in the pool…and he wasn’t wearing his lifeguard shirt.
That distinction made all the difference in the world.
The growling abruptly cut off. “What’s his name and where can I find him?” Steve’s voice was deceptively calm, lethal intent hidden in his tone.
“Oh god.”
“Keep them closed,” Tony insisted, leading Steve by the hand as he steered the alpha towards his workshop. “No peeking.”
“But you’re…” Without meaning to, Tony dropped his eyes down to the very unmistakable erection straining the alpha’s cargo shorts.
“Fuck,” Steve cursed raggedly. “Call me that and this will be over before it starts.”
“I texted you.”
“Here.” Steve shrugged out of his varsity jacket and handed it to Tony.
He lifted his phone to his ear, his eyebrows furrowing and his heart thumping. “Why are you calling me?” he demanded, through a too tight throat.
Nat tugged on his hand again, drawing his attention back to her. “You can wear my wings,” her green eyes pleaded with him. “I don’t need them anymore.”
He had some questions he needed to ask her.
To add insult to injury, Tony had also dreamt of Steve the night before. He couldn’t remember much aside from blue eyes, corded muscles, and blond hair, but he’d woken up with an inescapable ache of longing. A longing that still hadn’t subsided.
He knew right away he was in for an uphill battle.
Steve had accidentally demolished it. The metal bars had been bent into unnatural positions, crushed under the strength of his grip.
“I’ve adopted you as my older brother now,” she told him.
Precisely the last person he wanted to talk to. But he wasn’t about to hesitate when Nat was hurt.
Why Steve had depicted him like that, he didn’t know. There was no way the teenager actually saw him like that. He felt like Steve was taunting him somehow. Like the alpha was only paying attention to him so that he could laugh about it with his beta friends later. Like it was some kind of sick joke.
This was just…fleeting. An irritating and nonsensical attraction.
This chapter was a long time coming. The secret is out. Hope it didn’t disappoint.
“What picture?”
He’d taken too much of what the teenager was offering already.
—was so overwhelming that it was impossible to forget, even in the face of Tony’s fear. Fear that was spiking his adrenaline, making his blood pound harder and his heartbeat quicken. But it was also making his senses sharper; bringing his connection to Steve into greater focus.
The alpha seemed too captivated by what he was looking at to reply. A framed photograph of a young Tony had grabbed his attention. Reaching across the pile of papers, he picked it up for closer inspection.
It was at that moment that Tony knew he fucked up. “Um...I plead the fifth?”
this teenager, and how the hell was he so mature for his age? Tony knew 30-year-olds less emotionally developed than Steve was. In fact, in another few years, he’d be one. “I bet you’ve always had it easy, huh?” Irrationally, the more kindness Steve displayed, the more volatile Tony felt. “Tall, good looking, athletic…with a full ride to university and a mom and a brother that adore you…your life is white-picket-fence perfect.
“Quarterback.”
“There’s a man. An alpha. He’s willing to enter into a mating contract with a disgraced omega. He’s well respected in your father’s circles. He makes the kind of money that can ensure you never have a single worry for as long as you live. He can give you your life back. Make you into a respectable omega again.”
A hickey. A freakin’ hickey. Marking his skin with a reddish-purple brand that might as well have been the words 'Property of Steve Rogers’.
“He’s got nothing to worry about from me,” Steve grated.
“Tony,” the alpha sighed. His expression was soft but slightly exasperated. “If you haven’t figured it out by now, I’ll agree to pretty much anything to be around you.”
“Are you kidding? Anytime you want to kiss me, baby, you go right ahead.”
“Well, I can run faster than you!” Bucky argued back, racing passed her.
Tony’s head was pounding. Someone was trying to split it open with a chainsaw.
The three dots on his screen let Tony know that Steve had started typing, deleted it, and then started again.
Tony’s lizard brain was back on its bullshit. It was determined to kill him.
Tony found himself weirdly entranced by the veins in the teen’s biceps, which was a new low, because he’d never been attracted to a vein before. God, he was such a pervert. “Thanks,” he forced out. He made sure that their fingers didn’t touch as he hastily took the first aid kit.
Once he had realized why the trainer had stormed away, Tony had searched the barns trying to find him and explain himself. He hadn’t been planning to apologize, exactly, but he did want the man to know that no, Tony hadn’t forgotten the time they had spent together. But Steve couldn’t have expected him to realize that the tiny spitfire who he’d spent a night with decades ago was the same man as the giant, ripped Adonis in painted-on jodhpurs.
Tony abruptly stopped walking forward, unsure of his next step. Pepper stopped next to him, and then followed his gaze.
Tony looked up just in time to catch Pepper’s wince.
“Who’s there?”
“Alert. Ready. On her toes.”
Tony kept eye contact with the one large brown eye he could see as he moved within touching distance of the gleaming chestnut. He slowly raised one of his hands to stroke down the horse’s curved neck.
Tony woke to the insistent buzzing of a phone set on vibrate. Keeping his eyes closed, he reached his arm out from under the comforter, trying to find his phone. The nightstand wasn’t the height he had been expecting – he must be in a hotel room. He continued to flail his hand around until he found his phone, and only then did he crack his eyes open to check the Starkphone display. Pepper.
“As I said, spoiled,” Barton remarked, latching the door and then leading Tony out of the barn.
He gestured at the horse inside of the stall. “This is one of the two-year-olds by Avenger. His name is The Scientist, and he just started real training last month – along with the rest of the two-year-olds.”
Tony shook his head to clear it, wanting to focus on what Steve was saying. “Sure, instructions. I’d be happy to tell you what I’m into. And tell me what you like. I aim to please.” Tony grinned up at Steve.
“For years, I’ve been trying to get Howard to reconsider how he was allocating resources at Stark Racing. Once Avenger’s first foal crop flopped in their two and three-year old seasons, he stopped breeding the horse altogether, just letting him be retired on the property. But the Bloodstock Manager at the time was convinced that Avenger should be bred to sprinters – so those are the broodmares Avenger was bred to. None of those offspring could make it a classic distance, which is the only thing your father was interested in. They were blazing fast in a six furlong race, but not a single one of them could keep it up for more than a mile.
Avenger had run a brilliant race, hanging right off the lead until the final turn, and then blasting by the leader to win by eight lengths. Not only was Avenger now definitely qualified for the Derby, but by winning so decisively, he would likely be one of the favorites to win. By all accounts, Steve should be thrilled. In the past year he had gone from riding any rank nag that he could beg his way onto, to exercising a horse that was going to run in the most prestigious race in the country. He was going to Churchill Downs. He was going to see the twin spires up close, and be sharing the track with some of the biggest names in racing.
“We?” Steve asked.
Tony turned back to Nick Fury and stuck his hand across the desk.
Suddenly, the tiny blond man standing behind Phillips pushed his way forward. “Excuse me, Mr. Stark, but Avenger is a great horse. I won’t hear anyone say otherwise.” The blond stuck his chin out, his eye flashing. Tony looked him over, a faint smirk on his face. He had to be close to Tony’s age, though Tony had initially thought he was younger because of his height. While Tony was only 5’8”, this guy was several inches shorter than him. He was also incredibly thin, though Tony could see that his arms were lined with muscle.
The filly turned and kicked the door of her stall, then stood with one hoof cocked, ready to strike out again.
Suddenly the gates clanged open and the bells sounded, while the announcer gave the traditional cry of “and they’re off.” Widow was out of the gate quickly and cleanly, but Natasha held her back, rather than letting her jump into the middle of the fray. Steve had found during the six months that he’d been working with Black Widow that she did best as a closer – trailing for most of the time and then surging to the lead at the end. If she ran in the middle of the pack she’d start to focus too much on the other horses, thinking about fighting rather than running. And if she was in the front for too long she’d get bored and lose focus. But put a challenge in front of her and Black Widow would run her heart out.
“Oh, come on, Pint-size,” Tony said before he kissed Steve on the mouth. Before Steve could react Tony pulled away, eyes laughing up at him.
“I am,” Tony replied. “And which peon are you?”
However, it stung just a little that Howard would be so considerate of these horses when he could never find it within himself to be considerate of his own family. And it forced Tony to add nuance to his mental image of his father. He couldn’t think of him only as the remote, unimpressed father, or the demanding but never satisfied boss. Howard had apparently also been a caring horse owner.
Bucky stood next to Steve, watching him carefully. “I know how you felt about that horse. I mean, damn, I loved that horse too. It broke my heart when Stark took him away from Phillips and we weren’t able to work with him anymore. I’d love to see the old guy again – I get it. But Steve, is this really a good idea? Tony Stark?”
So maybe he had a little crush. Maybe he had been thrilled when suddenly one of Phillips’ clients was Howard Stark. Maybe he had secretly hoped that Tony was going to be at the race today, and that they would meet. Maybe he had been devastated when Phillips asked after Tony in the paddock, and Howard said that while he had been invited, Tony hadn’t bothered to show up. And maybe when he’d seen Tony in the box, looking a little tired and pale, but still gorgeous, Steve had felt a sudden mixture of nervousness, excitement, and lust. Which had quickly transformed into anger once Tony opened his mouth.
Pepper shook her head, then ducked to the side to avoid the spray of a hose from a groom washing out water buckets.  “Tony, you’ve owned this racing operation for seven months, and you haven’t seen any of your horses run so far. Your father owned the farm for twenty years before that, and I don’t think you ever watched any of his horses run. In fact, you told me repeatedly what a waste of money and time the whole thing was. I’m fairly sure the phrase “rich men’s My Little Ponies” came up more than once.
“It gets worse. And after he stormed off I found out from one of his friends that he had a thing for me back in the day and that hooking up with me made it worse. And apparently leaving him with a note the next morning wasn’t the best move ever. And I was kindof his first. Sooo …”
“Dad.” Tony held out his hand to his father.
That friend sure as heck wasn’t going to be Steve – that much was now clear.
“But why?” Tony asked. “What good does that do?”
Tony had refused to back down. “If he had a crush on me, that sucks, but that’s not my fault. I showed him a good time, I left, and now here we are. We’re both adults, and I’m sure we can work together.”
“Tony, my boy!”
“Exercise rider? Aren’t those the people not good enough to actually ride in the races?”
“So what happens to the horses that don’t make it to the track?” Tony asked.
Tony turned away from watching the horses and was swept up into a hug by his mother. He hugged her back, closing his eyes and soaking in the smell of her hair. Even though he felt like being here was a waste of time, it was good to see her. Letting her go, Tony steeled himself and made eye contact with his father, who was standing directly behind Maria.
Though it had been years, Tony could still picture Pint-size. His tousled blond hair and strong arms, his slim hips and enticing blush – all were etched in Tony’s mind. Yes, Pint-size and Steve were both blond, and yes, he seemed to remember that Pint-size was actually called Steve, but so were half of the white guys Tony knew. Pint-size would have had to have the mother of all growth spurts in order to be Steve’s size. Plus, they really didn’t look that similar, right?
Steve continued to protest. “It’s because I was interested in learning about him. And I felt sorry for him.”
“Chester Phillips, Avenger’s trainer.”
“I owe you a ride, Tony. Don’t think you’re getting out of it so easily.”
“In a maiden race, you often have multiple horses that have never raced before. So it can be difficult to create a strategy when you don’t know the running styles of the horses you’re racing against. Plus, the horses are more likely to do something unexpected, like jump sideways when the gates open, or blow the turn and end up next to the grandstand instead of on the rail where you want them.”
“You weren’t there, Buck. He was so dismissive! It was like I wasn’t even worth talking to.” Steve shut his eyes and leaned his head back against the couch, feeling the room swim just a little. Maybe he needed to start drinking water instead of grabbing another beer.
Tony stared in disbelief as Clint moved on to another stall. Had that been a joke? Was Tony supposed to laugh? Or was this guy, apparently on Tony’s payroll, really an ex-carny?
“Here she is right now,” Steve responded, seeing the line of jockeys making their way into the paddock. He gestured Widow’s jockey over, and then made introductions.
“He just – he was an ass, Buck.”
Steve then held out his hand again to Pepper. “It was great meeting you, Ms. Potts. You both are welcome to come down and see Widow in the paddock before the race – just promise me you’ll stay back if I ask you to. You never quite know how a maiden horse will handle their first race – sometimes there’s a little bit of excitement. But now I need to get my crew together to start prepping her.”
Steve knew he needed to start over with Tony – act like the professional that he absolutely was. He had considered reaching out to Tony a few times over the past few weeks, just to clear the air. But it turned out that he had needed that time to bury a hope he didn’t even know he’d been holding onto – until Tony’s eyes had raked across his body, appreciative and without an ounce of recognition.
“It’s Tony, please. And talk to me after the race – please. I think there are some things we should discuss.”
“I know what happened to trainers over there when Howard was alive. We all know that Howard was impossible to please. But now that he’s gone, Fury has more control of the day-to-day. So I don’t think I’m going to end up fired in three months when my horse doesn’t win a stakes race.”
Tony pulled his hand back, stung by the pity he could see in the man’s eyes.
Steve backed away as Bucky continued to walk to filly, then turned towards Tony and Pepper. “Why don’t we head up to the box to watch the race?” he suggested. They both nodded, and he led them through the grandstand to Stark Racing’s box.
Steve groaned, and Tony couldn’t tell if it was in response to his movements or to the nickname. Regardless, Steve leaned down to capture his mouth in another kiss, moving his body rhythmically against Tony’s. Tony ran his hands down Steve’s legs, feeling the corded muscles of his thighs. While Steve wasn’t a big guy, he was incredibly muscular. Apparently controlling multiple 1200 pound animals a day led to some serious strength.
“Don’t worry man,” Barton said. “He’s not trying to bite you. He’s just looking for a cookie or a peppermint. He’s quite the favorite around here, so he’s a little spoiled.”
“We’re not there yet, Rogers,” Phillips interrupted before Peggy could respond. “We have to make it through this race first, and god knows, anything can happen with horses.”
Over the years, Natasha had developed a reputation for two things. One, she could ride anything, no matter how difficult. Two, she was always able to find an opening between horses to slide her own mount through. Even when it looked like there was an impenetrable wall of horses in front of her, she’d somehow find a way to make it through. Other jockey’s had taken to calling her “the assassin” because of the way she would sneak up and through a field before taking everyone down.
Tony flinched at the booming cry, and then turned to see Obie bearing down on him, the bourbon in his hand sloshing as he wove through the crowd. Obadiah Stane was his father’s business partner and right hand man. Tony wasn’t surprised to see him at the track – Obie was always involved in his father’s side projects in some way.
A man stepped out of the shadows – a tall black man with an eyepatch.
“It’s okay, Steve. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do. Do you want to stop? Or we can just keep making out.” Tony moved his hands away from Steve’s pants, placing them flat against the bed. “Whatever you want to do, Pint-size.”
Clint walked to a stall two doors down, and slid the door open. A gleaming red chestnut with white legs and a white blaze walked towards the door and leaned against the stall guard, looming over Clint. Even Tony, who knew absolutely nothing about horses, could tell that this horse was particularly well built. He walked slowly towards the horse, unsure of how close he should get.
But the steps from the bar to Tony’s hotel room existed only in fragments in Tony’s mind. He could see an image of Steve in the back of a taxi, his shirt askew and his lips swollen. He somewhat remembered trying to get the keycard to work in his hotel room door before realizing that he wasn’t even on the right floor, Steve laughing next to him. And then here he was, on his bed, looking up at Steve.
They started heading for another of the immaculate buildings, with Barton occasionally pausing to point out a particular feature of the property. Tony was half listening, half replaying the very brief conversation with Steve. While he was sure he’d never met the man before, he also couldn’t figure out what he had said to cause offense in such a short interaction. The guy had ridden up on some horse, said a few words, and then left in a huff.
Twenty years later ...
Steve wrenched himself from Bucky’s grasp, shaking his head. “What do you mean, I have a crush on Stark? I do not.”
Pepper answered the phone on the first ring. “Tony, what are you doing? Where are you?”
Barton laughed. “Sorry dude, I should have warned you. That’s Black Widow. She’s another of Avenger’s offspring – a three-year-old. She isn’t the friendliest of horses.”
Tony bristled at his accusatory tone. “I’m not skulking around the property. I own the property. And I didn’t do anything to Steve. I just didn’t immediately connect the dots between the guy I met twenty years ago and my current horse trainer.”
“Stevie, are you fucking stupid? I can tell you’re thinking of saying yes. Jesus Christ, you have a great training job now. Are you going to throw that away for a one-year gig at a disaster of a race program? Why? This is about Tony Stark, isn’t it? It took you years to stop being a sad sack about that guy, and now you’re going to throw your life away to go work for him? What’s wrong with you?”
However, while Steve wasn’t a huge fan of afternoons at the track, he couldn’t say no when Chester Phillips asked him to be there. First, Phillips was the trainer Steve worked for the most often, and Steve desperately wanted to keep him happy. It had been hard going building a clientele as an inexperienced exercise rider, and Phillips had been the first trainer to give Steve a chance. While he didn’t employ Steve full-time, he threw enough horses Steve’s way that he was able to make ends meet. If Phillips wanted Steve at the races in the afternoon, then he was going to be there. Second, today was Avenger’s first big race with Phillips. While the horse had raced twice before, this was his first race with Howard Stark as his owner, and Phillips as his trainer. That also meant it was Avenger’s first race since Steve started riding him in the mornings. And as awkward as Steve felt, he wanted to be there to see Venge go.
Steve’s dreams of being a jockey had died when, at the age of 18, he’d hit a major growth spurt. Thank god for Chester Phillips, who had hired Steve as an assistant trainer, teaching him the ropes of race horse training. With the foundation Phillips had given him, Steve had been able to strike out on his own in his mid-twenties and find reasonable success. Since coming on with HCF, he had slowly started building his resume up with stakes wins at Keeneland and Churchill Downs.
Natasha smirked in their direction, nodding at their greetings. Then, her version of pleasantries done, she focused back in on Steve.
“Then take me to the barn with the most horses,” Tony stated, pushing his hands into his coat pockets.
Steve blinked back into the moment, looking at Bucky once again.
“Why is that,” Pepper asked from Tony’s other side, eyes tracking the horses as they made their way to the gate.
Clint laughed, shaking his head. “If you say so, Stark. Come on, let me show you around the rest of this place.”
Tony flashed a flirty grin, and let his fingers trail against Steve’s slowly as he drew his hand away. “There is absolutely no way I’ve met you before. I’d never forget someone who looks like you.”
In his hazy memory, he also remembered taking a diminutive man back to his hotel room at the end of a night of celebrating, and having a wonderful time. And Tony remembered scrawling a note to the guy and then bolting out of the hotel room the next morning, scared that the man would wake up sober and filled with regrets. It was easier to just leave.
“I knew this was a mistake,” were the first words the man said to him, glaring from the doorway. “As soon as I heard that Steve had that phone call set up with Nick Fury, I knew no good could come of it. But that jerk has never made a smart decision when it comes to you, so here we are.
Steve had been riding for years, ever since he watched his first race on television and saw other short, thin men being celebrated rather than mocked. During that time he’d grown fond of many of the horses that he’d worked with, from the goofy babies fresh to the track to the steady old claimers who taught him how to race ride. But Avenger was the first horse Steve had ever sat on that made him dream of bigger things. And it was obvious that everyone else working around the horse felt the same way. He could see it in Phillips’ eyes when Steve jogged the horse up to him after a workout. He could see it in Bucky’s hands when he groomed Venge – the way Bucky would take extra time to rub his legs each morning, the extra care he put into his wraps. They all believed that Avenger was the real thing, and this race would help to determine that.
“So the jockeys are about to come down and mount up. From there, the horses will head over to the track and warm up. Then it’s post time.”
“If she can make it through the first ten seconds unscathed, she’ll win,” Steve responded. Black Widow was not a fan of the starting gate, and very much not a fan of other horses in her personal space. So the start of the race, where multiple horses would likely end up bunched up and on top of one another, would be a challenge for her.
Tony kept smiling at him, kept holding on to his hand. “Of course I remember. I’m sorry I didn’t recognize you instantly – but of course I remember you. You’re the reason I kept Stark Racing in the first place! Now come on – I think there’s somewhere we’re supposed to be right now.”
Tony had eventually chosen to walk away, getting back into his limo and letting Happy take him back to the airport. But he had been thinking about the conversation in the weeks since it had happened. He had been thinking about all of the people working at Stark Racing, some of whom had been there for years. He had been thinking about the other businesses he had sold off, without giving a thought to the people who might be impacted (other than himself). And most of all, he had been thinking about Steve.
But now, it was time to be the professional, and not the teenager with a crush.
“Barton – do you have a minute?” Fury asked. “I have a meeting with breeding staff that starts in a few minutes, and I need to put in an appearance. Can you show Mr. Stark around until I get back?”
“Okay, yes, you’re an ass, Tony. But honestly, knowing your reputation, I doubt he was surprised. My question is – why are you so hung up on this? Not to put too fine of a point on this, but you do worse things all the time. How many times have you had me be the one to deal with your morning afters?
“In the meantime, we won’t be buying expensive yearlings, so our costs will go way down. Plus, I have a trainer in mind that I think we can get without doling out huge amounts of cash. There’s only upside here, Stark. Either I can do what I’m telling you I can do, and you’ve made a ton of money, or you’re in the same place in a year you’re in now. Hell, if we slim down operations a little over the next year, it won’t even really cost you anything. What do you say?”
Tony started, and then turned towards Nick Fury, who was walking towards him across the driveway.
Nick looked down briefly, seeming to measure his words before he answered. “Your father was an impatient man. He started with one great horse. After Avenger retired, Howard bought a farm with the idea of breeding him and racing his offspring. But when Avenger’s first foal crop didn’t do well, Howard started buying every flashy yearling offered at the Keeneland and Fasig Tipton sales. If there was a bidding war on a horse, Howard was not only involved, he was winning it. These young horses often cost more than ten million each, and they were untested. Plus, Howard was obsessed with the Kentucky Derby. He only wanted to run two-year olds and three-year olds, trying to qualify them for the Derby. He wasn’t interested in other, more profitable races. He’s had several nice horses. But when they didn’t win the Derby, he would toss them aside and spend big money on the next group of flashy yearlings.
(Twenty Years Ago)
“No, absolutely not. No. Nope. Steve, tell me you aren’t considering the offer. You know what happens to trainers over there.”
Steve folded the note up again, then sunk back against the pillows. And just like that, Tony was gone from his life.
(Twenty Years Later/ Present Day)
Tony put Pepper down from the swinging hug that he had swooped her up in when Widow crossed the finish line. He turned to Steve, laughing.
Chapter One
“Avenger? Since when are they breeding that old guy? Last I heard, he’d been standing around doing nothing for fifteen years.”
“How did you know I was done talking? Were you standing outside the office with your ear against the door?” Steve asked.
Steve could feel himself start to blush, his ears and cheeks suddenly feeling warm. He didn’t think anyone knew about that magazine. He didn’t use it for what Bucky was suggesting … at least, not exactly. But yes, he maybe had noticed how attractive Tony was. And maybe, in some of Steve’s daydreams, he saved Tony from himself, and Tony then fell head over heels in love with him.
All of the blushes that Steve had blushed in his life (and there had been many) paled in comparison to his flush now. Steve’s entire body was on fire. He felt a little faint with it. Forcing his voice steady, he answered Tony, not quite meeting his eye.
Steve and Natasha had met several years before, when he was an up and coming trainer and she was just getting her start as a jockey. Other trainers had shied away from using her – both because of her brusque manner, and because of the ingrained misogyny that permeated thoroughbred racing. But Steve, who had never met a jockey more capable than Peggy Carter, had no problem hiring a woman to ride his horses. And not only had Natasha ridden them –she had consistently won.
No one else would’ve had the patience and perseverance necessary to see him through the process of dealing with his problems—to help him heal. No one else would’ve had the resilience to climb over the impenetrable, sky-high walls he’d built around himself.
“I hate bread,” Natasha proclaimed, loudly pushing away her plate. Not a single bite had been taken.
Steve didn’t look convinced, but to his credit, he let Tony get away with it. “Alright. I’ll walk you out.”
Tony listened to Steve’s padded footsteps as the alpha retreated down the hall. He returned a moment later with a light knock on the door. Pushing the door open only wide enough for his head to poke out, Tony chanced a glance at the alpha. The teen was no longer bare chested and had put on a white T-shirt—Tony thanked god for small mercies—and was holding his jersey in one outstretched hand. Tony snatched it and quickly shut the door again.
“Where did you get that?” he coughed, glaring at the hazardous pack of glitter tubes she was holding. He was pretty sure he’d accidentally sucked some of the stuff into his lungs.
, Tony thought hopefully. Maybe he wouldn’t have to see the alpha at all. He’d come prepared, though, just in case. He’d sprayed on so much scent blocker that he must’ve accidentally inhaled half a bottle. The ensuing coughing fit hadn’t been fun.
“Hospital. You need to get checked out.”
The two of them were giving off such a high concentration of alpha dominance that it was making Tony’s instincts frazzled. The omega in him was sending him submissive impulses, urging him to placate them.
“Come on,” Brock demanded. “It’ll be fun. What’s the problem?”
His sex drive wasn’t usually something he had to worry about. After starting on suppressants, it’d been all but dormant.
Doubt was creeping in. What if Steve thought the gift was stupid? Or that Tony was inserting himself where he didn’t belong—overstepping his bounds and being the textbook clingy omega?
“I find it exceedingly entertaining that you once apologized to me for ‘cussing’,” Tony ribbed him, amused. “Listen to you now. Your language is hardly puritanical these days, Rogers. You sound like you were raised in the woods.”
Although ‘shithole’ wasn’t entirely inaccurate, either.
How Obie had forbidden him the chance to say goodbye.
As if the teen could sense Tony watching him, Steve looked up from the end of the swimmers’ lane and his blue eyes brightened. He pushed the wet spikes of blond hair off his forehead and then vaulted himself out of the pool, biceps flexing with the fluidity of the motion. His navy-blue swim trunks were hanging low on his hips, revealing deep v-lines as he sauntered towards Tony. Beads of water slid down his tanned skin, gliding over hard pecs and the dips and ridges of his perfectly defined abs.
be here.” Then, voice going ragged and his eyes too intense, he added, “I…I don’t know what I would have done if I hadn’t shown up when I did. I’m sorry I didn’t get here sooner.”
If a heart was broken enough times, he wondered, did it eventually lose the ability to love at all?
He wanted Steve to grab him. Needed him closer. Wanted the alpha to lift him up and pin him against the wall of the pool, sealing their bodies and mouths together in a fervent kiss.
It was time to pick up the tattered remains of his dignity and face the teenager.
“No, I’m, uh, just the nanny,” Tony stammered. Why did his throat feel so dry? “Well, my friend Darcy is technically his nanny. But I’m a nanny too.”
The pup seemed to realize something as he paled and turn around to look for something, or someone, Tony looked around the place to see that people were already packing to leave since the sun was going to set soon. "I… I lost him." The pup's lips start wobbling as he looked around the place; the small hitches breaths made Tony kneel and turn the pup toward him gently.
" Steve's voice cracked as he was forced to use his growl. His heart felt like it was breaking into a million tiny pieces, feeling the betrayal taking ahold of him at the thought of Tony forcing him to do something like this, why wasn't Tony's therapist informed of this? That Tony… Did the Omega have an addiction to being exposed to Alpha's growl because of Stane?
had to do with anything happening around him? "Do you think that an Addams abuse their spouses? Is that why you refused to marry Steve and made such a big fuss about it?" Serpentine slammed her hands on the table in front of Tony, causing him to gulp when he noticed the shadows behind the woman move wildly, there was even a strong wind in the kitchen and the cooling system isn't even on. "Answer me Anthony Edward Stark!" Serpentine hissed causing Tony to yelp and back away from the woman behind him.
"I think we both know that Peggy and Bucky are biased when it comes to Steven Rogers. They are too invested to give me the truth that I wanted." Tony explained, his right hand going to Morgan's back, running over it when his baby let out a whine.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, maybe a little bit of violence, Steven being scary and overprotect AF! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
5-Eins og þú vilt konung minn. -As you wish my king.
"I never said Peter's father was a Stark." Steve hissed which made Bucky pale as he realized his mistake, he should have known that Steve will pick up on his mistake after all the blond, even if he wasn't a genius like Stark, he was smart and observant, and Bucky just throws himself to the sharks. "Did he send you? What kind of soup opera did he tell you to get you on his side? Knowing him it would have been a heartbreaking one, he is a good actor after all." Steve hissed as he let go of Bucky looking at the Alpha with betrayal which made Bucky swallow at that.
By the time Steve reached the hospital he was in so much pain, he wondered why he didn't feel it before now, they end up doing a C-section because Steve starts bleeding heavily, Steve was dazed half of the times and deep down he wondered if the child was going to die.
"She is Steven Rogers' daughter isn't she?" Tony counter back, not caring about listening to the insane couple in front of him anymore, his hackles rising by the second as he took the couple he thought of as his family, he took them in and wondered if they were trying to find something to use against Tony, making him question himself more than he already was. "Isn't it why you are all over her? Because she is '
The blood drained from Tony and Steve's face when another loud crash and a scream from downstairs caused Morgan to wake up and start crying loudly, an action that made everyone go silent, even the people downstairs. "Oh God, oh God, oh God…" Tony choked, tears running down his face as realization of what was happening and the truth behind it was finally sinking in, as he tried desperately to shush Morgan before something bad happens…
I gave this long chapter as an apology.
"Steve…" Tony hissed, sending his husband a warning look, which made the man pout before letting out a sigh, sending the shark a nasty glare as if he was blaming it for being too ugly that Tony refused his gift. A few more grumbles, Steve turned around fast before he throw the shark as far as he can… which was so far that Tony was sure the shark will not survive the three miles throw that Steve just did. "Really? Couldn't you put it gently in the water? You had to throw it like that?" Tony huffed, lowering his sunglasses once more, a smile twitching on his lips when his husband continued to pout.
It had been a week since he wanted to answer the Alpha's question, but not gaining the right moment to do it, a week since Tony starts seeing the Alpha in a different light then he did before… a week, a short time but at the same time a long one for him, and by the end of the night, he hoped that everything will turn in his favor.
"Y-you made this?" Steve asked as he took the small white patch from Tony, gazing at the small device with wide eyes, not believing what he was hearing, but the words Tony spoke made relief wash over him, tense muscles finally relaxing after a month, drawing in a shuddering breath when he finally knew he didn't hurt Tony. "That… that's amazing Tony! I… I just hope that next time you will trust me enough to tell me the truth, instead of just acting like how you did…" Steve smiled as he said those words, knowing that it wasn't Tony's fault. The Omega acted out of fear, a justified one too, so it was unfair of Steve to blame him when he knows that the Omega was going through a rough time. The Alpha was worried about what would happen when they reached home, wondering if the Omega was going to crash down after facing Stane.
"What are you doing here?" Tony asked as he put the soldering iron down and crossed his arms over his chest while looking at Rogers with narrow eyes, daring the man to do something stupid—mainly opening his mouth and talking—because Tony swears that he will stab the man if he heard him say another word.
"Does it really matter?" Steven asked his smile widen when Tony's face paled at that, the blond man already knows that Tony won't do anything stupid after he knew that it was Steven who delivered that threat…
"True. But that doesn't mean your son's mate is the same." Jarvis turned to Howard, giving him a harsh look that ordered him to open his eyes and gaze at Tony and Steve once more, but this time with more care and understanding. "If he was, his last words wouldn't be him begging for Tony to take care of their son, their sick son I might add, who was sick for two years without someone to support him other than his own sick mother." The accusing tone Jarvis used did nothing but make Howard scowl darkly.
And now here he was, standing over those who dared to act like they were kings in his place, passing judgment and acting without an order from him, they just signed their death, and they knew it if their pale faces and the fear shining in their eyes were any indications. They were shifting around the place, the six of them, Starkad knew them, and he knew about their lives, trouble makers they were, and if it was up to Starkad he would have kicked them out of his village a long time ago, but with Hamar's father being one of the influential members of the village his hands were tied, but thanks to Hamar stupidity, any punishment is now within Starkad's right to apply, and he was going to kill all of them, unfortunately, he can't kill Hamar for his father threaten that if his son is to die, then they shall see what they don't like, but it doesn't mean that the punishment Starkad will serve will be light; oh, no, the punishment Starkad has in mind will make Hamar wish for death after he was done with him, it will make Hamar's father beg him to kill that useless Alpha.
"The bear…" The king stated, causing Steven to look at him in disbelieve that worked its way to anger as Steven glared at the man, planning on throwing the scratch-up wood at the man's face and snapping an
"Brother Banner, can you please heal him, my magic is not good to deal with such a delicate matter!" Thor called out frantically almost pulling 'Banner' to Steven, nearly throwing him at Steven's feet, which made the blond twitch, especially being treated like a useless weakling and having others being nearly hurt by that… Steven, as much as he hated to admit it he was scared because no matter how much he called for his magic it doesn't respond, not to heal him or for it to get rid of the stone that attached itself to him, and this… this was actually the first time Steven was injured in his life as beings like him don't gain injuries.
Sorry for the angst… no, I'm not, who am I kidding?
"I knew you will say this Mr. Stark, that's why I prepared a surprise for you… say hello for your little family." Zemo nodded his head and the screen behind him start playing a video feed, gazing up, Tony felt like the life was already draining from his face when he saw that Steve and Peter were tied up in Steve's room, Tony was unaware of his team letting out a shocked gasps, he wasn't even aware that Bucky started snarling as he threatened Zemo as he tried to find a way out of the cage they were in. Steve's face has a deep dark bruise on his jaw, while Peter was shaking uncontrollably as he hides behind Steve who was glaring at the man standing in front of him. "What an interesting little family you have Mr. Stark, I was impressed that you were able to hide them for so long, it wasn't until one of my men followed you around that we discovered your little dirty secret… Rumlow!" The man snapped which made 'Rumlow' who was standing beside Steve walk to the Omega and the pup, which made the small boy let out a whine when the man pulled Steve from his hair and directed him to the camera.
After thinking and going back and forth with himself, Tony realized that maybe; just maybe he could create an armor, a shield that will protect the earth from Thanos and any other attack that will befall them. In theory, the plan was full proof, even when he talked with Bruce about it, his friend seemed excited with his plan; just the thought of the A.I. working, made Tony's breath hitch, it was the ultimate plan that will protect and save everyone from Thanos and his army.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, blood and violence, and a lot of crying! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
The Alpha tilted her head and gaze at him up and down, taking his scowl and his protective stand with the child in his arms and the Omega wondered to himself if she was a spy for the king, which with Steven's luck, she definitely was. "Are you done staring like a creep?" Steven finally asked after five minutes of Steven glaring at the woman and her looking at him coldly, and it made Steven's hackle rise, how the woman kept looking like no one's business.
Again, as Tony was saying the plan was easy, now that the town realized that Tony knew about the Rogers family son's death, they will probably test and retest him to get the answer they wanted from him; God knows what they will do to Tony if he didn't give them the answer they wanted. So today, Tony was going to the town's library to do his research. Tony was sure that at least the library had enough information about any murder cases that happened in the last thirty to forty years. Come to think of it Peggy and Bucky stated that their best friend 'left' the town thirty years ago; narrowing the search down,  if Stevie was the Rodgers family's son, which meant that Tony had to search the murder cases that took place in the sixties.
"Honey… you know that's not true, even with me being married to Tony it doesn't change everything," Steve whispered running his hand through Harley's hair, causing the boy to sniffle even more. "Sweetie, Tony likes you, and he would have preferred you coming to us than running away, you made him worry sick when Betty told him about what happened, he was so scared he couldn't help getting angry at Betty." Harley nodded his head, still hiding his face in Steve's chest, refusing to show his face.
Steve sighed like he already knows what Tony was thinking of and looked at the Alpha with a tired look on his face. "Tony it's better if I stayed here, at least then Peter wouldn't rush toward the door and getting hurt in the process if you don't want me to stay here for you at least think of Peter." The Alpha said gently which made the Omega look at his side then at his pup that let go of Steve and rushed to him.
James blinked his eyes, scrunching his nose cutely as he tried to think hard about finding some answers to his mother's questions. "I think… he was here; I saw him when I came. I heard that he tried to protect you when the bad men attacked and he was hurt badly." James explained, pouting in a thoughtful way before turning his eyes to Steven; the Omega waited for his boy to tell him what he was thinking of, getting curious every second that passed, especially when he saw the flush on his babe's face. "He is OK, I like him." James stated after a while, nodding his head as if informing Steven that his word was a rule and that no matter what, Petrus will always be OK in James's books.
Tony thought, he could only press his lips tightly; Tony can already imagine how Steven Rogers must have felt, to feel like everyone is standing against you, how no one would believe you no matter how much the evidence proved that you were on the right… that was Tony's life before, where everyone was content with living in ignorance if it meant that they would live their happy lives undisturbed. "Then Steve Rogers died not two days later, no body was found no matter how many days we search, and then suddenly Rogers was back as a vengeful spirit bent on taking revenge, did I miss something or is there more to the story?" Tony asked, already dreading the next part when he saw Fury shift in his place.
Sorry for the butchered and unrefined chapter, at first I planned on writing a 10k chapter but instead, I made it to 6k before my mind decided to completely blackout…...
"Help me!" A banshee shrieked which made Thor whine and take a step back, shaking like a leaf, wishing desperately that he had Mjolnir with him but unfortunately for him, he saw the hammer fall into the lava, which meant that it either melted if the lava before him was that of Hel, or that it will burn his hands to even touch the hammer if this was one of Loki's illusions.
"Magna, Jamti, look what we have here!" The king said with a burst of booming laughter as he went toward his… whatever they were… and greeted them, getting smirks in return from the two, Steven doesn't know how long he stood in his place holding his son, but it was more bearable then talking with the king, especially when his friends stood beside him and refused to let him go, Margaret even clutched the sleeve of his tunic, which made Steven give the woman a reassuring smile.
Anthony had been with him, through the ups and downs of his life, he had been with him when he was given a scholarship to the art school he always dreamed of, had been with him when his best friend's family left New York, had been with him when his mother died from cancer when he was nineteen… and Anthony promised to be with him for as long as they lived. The Alpha had proposed to him today, on their one year anniversary, and Steve never imagine he will be as happiest as he was, he felt so blessed when a smart and amazing Alpha like Anthony choose him.
"Of course I am." Tony laughed, feeling like all the weight of the world leaving his shoulders, leaving him floating in his place as happiness bubbling inside him. Taking his father's arm Tony relaxed as the two of them walked out of the room until they reached the door that will take Tony to his future husband.
Then there was the sound of something moving in the crawl space underneath the house. It is slow and heavy, the thump and susurration of a dead weight being dragged through the dirt. And Tony listen with tear-filled eyes to the sound of ragged breathing until he realized that it was not his own. Because… because he's awake. He's awake and there is something moving in the crawl space under his house! His lungs lock, at the thought of Stane finally catching up to him, the huff of breath that had been gathering in the roof of his mouth tries to push back down his throat but it couldn't he was shaking at the thought of Stane finally catching up to him after three months.
"Race you to the room?" Steve asked in a husky voice, causing Tony's breath to hitch at that and for his eyes to darken, and the excitement Steve felt increased, making his heart pound in his chest as he rushed toward the room, hearing Tony's footsteps following him…
(See the end of the chapter for
The whole day ended up with Tony reassuring Angie and his friends that he was fine, but Angie didn't have it, she actually called Chief Fury and told him about Ty which made the man give one of his scary looks before going to the bar Ty went to, in the end, everything went without a hitch or an angry man going after Tony thankfully, Angie ended up waving goodbye to them after giving them their takeout; Tony was just happy to ignore this crazy afternoon and go home, enjoying a movie with his friends…
"Mr. Stark says that if you refused to come, then it's with my legal rights to take young master Peter from you." The man said which made Steve's heart skip a beat at that face becoming white before it turns red from anger. "Are you going to come now?" The Alpha asked again with a mocking smile on his face which made Steve growl at the man.
"Tony?" Steven's gentle voice, made Tony panic, he stood up from his stool so fast that he hit his knees with the table, which caused him to curse and moan in pain, unaware of things falling from the worktable, until Steven was helping him pick them up, which caused Tony to curse like a sailor and drop to the floor hoping that Steven didn't see the tests sheets nor he saw that damned stick; how did he forget that he had an appointment with Steven? The two of them were going to talk about the schematics of the tech that they saw in Hydra's hideout. "What is this, Tony?" Steven asked slowly, finally removing his head from the stick to gaze at Tony who was trying not to panic more than he already was.
What do you think?
"Don't be late…" He hissed before rushing downstairs, making as much noise as he can, too angry to care about anything, even the shaking boy that was clinching to his furs and hiding his face in the Alpha's neck. The Omega watched the king with pursed lips trying to stop his hiss that want to get out of his mouth…
It was a shock; that's the only thing Tony can relate to without having his mind blown over by the complicated aspect of Steven being his lucky star. It was crazy, so, so crazy; who would have ever thought that the star that Tony and Peter adored with all of their hearts turned out to be Steven, the fallen star who hated Tony the moment he saw him and wasn't that heartbreaking? Tony was used to people hating him on sight for many different reasons, that's why he trusted no one but his small family and friends, that's why he locked himself away most of the time, but for the star, he adored for years to hate him on sight? That left a sore spot in Tony's already damaged heart.
The only person who knew about Steve was his best friend Rhodey, the Beta had warned him when he first told him about Steve, told him that the boy was a child and that Anthony shouldn't get too attached to him, because what does eighteen years old kid know about love? It made Anthony angry, but he swallowed his anger, he knew that deep down, Rhodey was only looking after him, the older Beta care about Anthony deeply that he doesn't want his fragile heart to be broken, Anthony could only assure Rhodey that Steve was nothing like that, it ends with the Beta looking at Anthony with worried eyes and a small smile.
"It's OK, baby, the kids and I would be fine," Tony reassures his husband, kissing him on the lips softly before the Alpha relaxed and let out a sigh. "Besides, Ma is right next door, we can go there if something happened." That seemed to cause the last of the tension in Steve's body to leave him as he kissed the kids' foreheads before heading to the door, giving his husband one last kiss on the lips before leaving…
Tony hummed to himself happily as he left his room fully dressed, heading downstairs for breakfast, knowing that today was Steve's turn to make breakfast, which made the Omega hum happily at that, and a smile took over his face when his eyes fell on a sleepy Peter who was trying to stay awake in his chair, that made the Omega let out a soft chuckle as he made a B-ling toward the pup and gave him a kiss on the forehead causing the pup to purr happily and take a tight hold of Tony's shirt, leaning his head on Tony's chest, trying to sneak a few minutes of sleep, which made the Omega's heart warm at that and he held tightly into the pup, until Steve put the dishes on the table and call them out, making the Omega let go of the pup, but not before getting whines and complains from the small boy.
"I am happy to learn that Tony was loved here…" Steven said as his voice cracked making Peggy look at Steven with wide eyes, not believing what she heard. "I wish to tell you that Howard treated Tony like how yours did, but I have to regrettably say that he was the farthest of an ideal father, my husband always told me that neglect and verbal abuse were Howard's favorite, that he wanted to please his father so much when he was young, that he drank his first alcoholic drink when he was nine after his father served him… Maria, Tony didn't talk about her much, and when he does, it was always in passing, mainly her depression, and how Tony never saw much of her when he turned ten, Jarvis and Anna were the ones who raised him…" Steven said which made Peggy hide her face behind her hands shaking, which made Steven take a deep breath.
"Peter…? What are you doing here? Where is your father?" Tony asked as he put both the cookie duos packets in his car… oh well, Pepper got lucky this time, and if he was a little bit hysterical because he didn't see the pup's father? He really didn't want to die at the age of twenty-five.
"James, slow down!" The queen's voice was heard as he tried to calm the boy, but Anton wasn't focus on the queen, he was focused on Tyber who was becoming paler and paler if that was even possible, taking the shade of a sick person the nearer the Omega came until the two of them stood face to face. "You!" That word was a snarl, making the blood curl in the veins; even Anton had to flinch at the dark and hateful look Tyber was at the end of.
Though Steve has issues about his age, he believed that it was wrong for him to be considered young when he was in fact born in 1920, mix that with surviving guilt, and you will have a man who counted the years he spent in the ice, so for him, he believed that his age is 67 and no matter what Howard and Peggy tried to convince him, he wouldn't listen.
"Yeah, sorry, was busy thinking." Tony said which made the Alpha take a seat next to him and look at him with a look that clearly says 'About?' which made Tony's lips twitch up. "How much I wanted to go and explore the city… but the thing is, I can't… because no one will leave me alone as soon as they see me, so I'm stuck here." Tony sighed once more which made Steve bite his lower lip before a smile taking over his face.
The sound of splashes made Tony blink his eyes and turn to the lake, his face soften when he saw a mistrusted blue eyes gazing at him. "Hello, Steven," Tony called out as he started walking to the deck, ignoring the angry hiss that Steven send his way, and who was going to blame him? Tony did leave him in the dead of night, not even a goodbye before taking Morgan and disappearing. "Are you angry at me Steven? You know I had to do it, Steven, I had to protect Morgan." Tony offered his words causing Steven to frown and looked at Tony's legs.
Tony pursed his lips, taking the jacket out of the hanger, staring at it with curiosity, pondering what captured his attention, thinking that it was nothing but his overactive mind playing with him; that was until he decided to search the pockets, assuming that Steve may have left behind something inside one of the pockets and that was the reason he was distracted.
"Do you want me to destroy him,
(See the end of the chapter for
"Pack? Why do you need to pack, honey?" Tony asked, pulling Harley gently in his arms, causing the boy to shake and let out a pained whine. "Who told you this, sweetie? Please tell me…" Tony cooed gently to the boy causing him to whine once more.
Tony didn't feel any sympathy when Rogers cursed in pain when the hot coffee hit him in the face, instead, he rushed out of the kitchen will trying desperately to put as much space between him and Rogers as he can, not believing that Rogers was able to play him as the fool; Tony couldn't believe that he fell for it. Tony tried desperately to hold into the tears that wanted to make themselves known; he held desperately into the sobs that nearly left his lips, he wasn't going to cry, not for a bastard like Rogers.
And poor Harley!
Life was good! Even if he had to take the graduation exams early… way early to graduate from MIT, which kind of made him mad at his father at first, but he got over it. The only thing that his mother didn't seem to get over was him having a powerful Alpha, a subject she always talk about in dinner time, which made both Tony and Howard sighs in annoyance… like now.
Steven had to hold his smile at that as he kissed James's head, it was maybe the first time for the small Alpha to meet someone his age. Angela and young Philips, it was true they were young, but they were still older than his James, Angela being 10 summers old while young Philips being 8 autumns and will turn to nine in two months, unlike his six winters old babe, who was still curious at the wonders of the world, but was forced to act much older than he was, maybe spending a little time with the king's pup will do him wonders… Steven hoped that the babe was not like his father.
Angry, furious, spitting mad… was all Anton could think of, and all he could feel; his Alpha was snarling, and pacing in his cage, wanting to be let out, wanting to go on a killing spree. Why was that? What the foolish queen did was not his business, who the queen associate with was not his business; the person who the queen decided to share his bed with was not his business… then why? Why was Anton mad? Why was his Alpha furious? The queen was not his, the two of them were nothing but mere allies on the best of days, and enemies forced together at worse. So why? Why was Anton screaming and snarling? Why was he seeking blood in want of revenge?
"Nah, the serum will save Steve before he bleeds out, he can do it all day, remember?" Peggy said with a twitchy smile, struggling to cover her terrified expressions behind teasing, something she didn't quiet success in doing perfectly, but no one pointed that to her, for all of them were suffering like this on the inside, specifically with the threats Tony was growling and the noises of thing or things crushing inside the room, they should have realized that something was awry, especially with how cheerful and over the moon Tony was, never becoming angry not even once in all of those nine months… if only they realized that the Omega was stewing it away to unleash the fury of thousands of suns on his birth.
"Yeah… I was… I was married for more than twenty years…" Steve whispered absent-minded as he gazed at the rings, remembering his husband's smiles, the smiles that made Steve fall in love more and more each day.
"I'm keeping it," Tony said making Pepper look at him with various emotions in her eyes, she couldn't believe her ears. "I'm keeping it Pepper, Alpha or no Alpha this is my baby." Pepper let out a happy sob at that and went to hug Tony tightly.
"J… huh?" Steven asked as he turns to Tony which made the Omega stop himself from fidgeting, it was quite concerning how Steven despite not being an Alpha was doing a good jump of acting like one. "So is he connected to the mansion by any chance?" Steven asked innocently which made Tony, not despite himself which nearly made his heart drop down to his stomach when the man smile. "Perfect, excuse me 'Just A Rather Very Intelligent System' can you help me with something?" Steven called out loud which made Tony nearly have a heart attack right here right now.
We got to know a lot about Peter's mother!
"Y… you cursed!" Tony squeaked after he regains his barriers again, it was the first time he heard Steven curse, Steven the polite, down to earth, who respect every living and non-living thing cursed! It was true that sometimes their Steve will slip and let out a curse or two, but Steven? It just can't be!
Steven grumbled to himself for the hundredth time that day, trying to stop himself from rolling his eyes so hard that they would end up falling out off his head, but he couldn't help it, especially when he was cornered by a few military personas who wanted to ask a favor of him but were too idiotic to be subtle about it.
It was because of him, it was because of Tony; Steven Rogers died because of Tony, because of this fucked up lake and this fucked up house. How did Tony even manage to go back to the day that Steve Rogers died? '
Steve heard the voice crack, which made Steve's breath hitch and looked around him to see where he was. When he looked he saw that he was in the basement which made him frown and look around the place, heart in his throat when he thought he caught a scent he should know by heart.
Tony shook the shock and growled at his father nearly stalking toward the Alpha and punching him in the face, but he was stopped by a cold voice behind him making the hair on the back of Tony's neck stand on its end. "No redemption whatsoever with you isn't it?" Steve questioned as he turned around walking toward Howard with a dark scowl on his face. "Too bad you said that in my bad ear." Steve hissed before he kneed the older Alpha in the groin which made the Alpha choke and fall on his kneed in pain clutching himself as he tried to stop his whine. "Stop whining like a bitch I didn't even hit that hard." Steve said coldly which made everyone wince and look at Howard to some degree of sympathy. "Next time you use that voice it will be more than that, fucker." Said Steve before punching the Alpha in the nose breaking his nose in the process, causing everyone to wince at the sound of crack coming from Howard's nose... "Goodbye motherfucker!" Steve snappily said as he flipped Howard the bird with both of his hands as he was walking out of the room, ignoring the people who rushed out of his way in fear.
"Yes, I am married to Rhodey…" The woman said as she twisted her hands nervously which made Steven turn his eyes to the man for a brave second before returning his gaze to the woman.
The next thing the Omega did was going to that room, that disgusting room that fueled on Tony's nightmares and hopes. Tony held back the loud snarl when his eyes took the room with wild eyes, growling as he took in the toys and crib and other necessities to every baby's room that were there. As fast as he could Tony went to the kitchen, taking trash bags and then returned to the room, shoving all the toys inside the trash bags, followed by baby clothes and other things that he could fit in the trash bags.
"He is not breathing!" Braes panicked voice broke him from his haze, and he let go of Hamar who was a whimpering mess on the ground, he ended up rushing to Braes, and Starkad took in the queen, his eyes widening uncontrollably when he saw the red that painted the front of his shirt, causing Starkad's heart to nearly stop.
"Oh honey, didn't Stevie tell you? I came here to hunt your mansion for a while! After all, every mother should get to know her future son-in-law better, don't you think?" The woman asks, her smile turned dangerous as she stared down at him, which was a fate considering that the woman was five feet, but somehow she managed it, and she was absolutory scary while doing it.
It took only a few glares at Jarvis before Tony was in his suit and off to the tower, planning on pleading with Pepper to do something! Or maybe just give him the keys to his Malibu house so he will leave this place forever, if only the woman wasn't buddy-buddy with Coulson then maybe Tony's pleas would have worked, but as fate would have it the two of them had this strange friendship that no matter how much Tony disapproved, the woman won't listen to him and break the friendship she has with the man which made Tony pout like no tomorrow.
And yup, Tony is an asshole in this one… poor Steve and Bucky!
Steve didn't know where his legs were taking him, until he stood up in front of Shield HQ that made Steve swallow and growl to himself and start running toward Fury's office not caring about the people who tried to stop him along the way, when he reached the office he slammed the door open, making Fury look up from his paperwork to gaze at Steve who walked toward him like a predator slamming his hands on the desk. "Send me on a mission," Steve ordered making Fury gaze at him for a long time with a little pause, then he opened his drawer and get a file out.
The teen couldn't have been older than fifteen, with brown chocolate hair, and light brown eyes. The teen was wearing jeans and a T-shirt, kneeling next to a claw-like machine. The teen was beautiful, especially with that wide and innocent smile on his face. Steve didn't know he was holding the picture, until the sound of someone clearing their throat made Steve jump and look at the person, only to see Howard gazing at him… well, more of at the picture in his hand…
Stane's screams made Tony pale, nausea taking over him as he tried to look away from the gruesome sight in front of him; Tony made a mistake when he ate dinner tonight. It wasn't until what looked like a ghostly bloody arm fell into Tony's lap that Tony finally lost it, his head tilting back as sweet darkness finally embrace him…
after hearing that heartbeat, he just couldn't…
?' left his lips in a whisper, causing Bucky to shift and shrug. "I just… I just think what Tony did was wrong, especially with his history with Miss Potts… seemed that Tony just didn't like me pointing that out to him." Bucky tried to joke around, only for his joke to fall flat on both of their ears, especially after what happened in the past few weeks.
Dr. Erskine was a kind, the older man always visited Steve when he was on a break, he will usually talk with him about things that happened outside of the hospital, he sometimes will tell Steve a little story from his past like the places he traveled to and the people he met and befriended, he told him about that magical place called Wakanda in South Africa, about the mutants that lived out there and how if someone gave them a chance they will find they were people like everyone else, kind ones too, Steve will always wish for a pencil and a paper when the man told him of his adventures, he wished to capture the tales the older man tells him about.
Steve needed to get out of here, he needed to leave this place and find Tony; it seems that Steve was finally catching the craziness from this place and he needed to save himself before it was too late. Today was going to be the day; today Steve was going to leave this hospital and the crazy people in it.
Shaking his head, Tony smile as he opened the back door of the car, picking up Morgan and holding her tightly in his arms, wondering what would greet them once they go inside the house; Tony hoped that all of his furniture was left intact, especially Morgan's room, for he loves the playroom Steven made years and years ago.
"Is it a quiet day?" When the woman asks with a touch of indulgence Tony has to close his eyes tightly at that, knowing already that the woman was going to wound him today. She always pauses briefly as if waiting for a response, and then she adds. "Can we talk…?" And the subjects usually varied but by the end of the day it will make Tony's eyes became glassy and he will always hate himself for how weak he was, crying at the mention of his nightmares, going out of the room to seek his pup and holding him tightly so the nightmares he felt will go away.
He could only scream hating himself more and more every second that passed because he needs to wake up, he needs to go and save Peter; he needs to wake the fuck up! How, just how a star who could have stayed a hundred years awake, couldn't even stay up one day, one fucking day and save one of his precious people.
So what do you think?
Standing up, he let out another sigh as he went toward the mirror in the far side of his room and sat on the chair facing it, taking a brush from the table and start brushing his long blond hair, absent-minded as he repeated the motion up and down, untangling his hair, he wanted to cut his hair short, just to spit on the king who always praises him for his beautiful hair, but he cannot do it, he cannot cut the last tie that ties him with his people, wherever they are now.
Tierce — around 9 a.m.
After meeting Goose who took a shining to Tony and Peter, Tony then was led to his room then he finally met Dum-E (Though Tony screamed Dummy which made Steve blink and look at the robot like he was some traitor) and JARVIS which made Tony smile happily when the AI told Tony that Steve took care of them in his absence, all in all, everything was perfect, it made Steve hope, which was something strange as he seemed to have lost hope in the past five years.
Steven's breath hitched when he felt the consciousness creeping over him, causing Steven to furrow his brows and fight against the wave of drowsiness that came over him to pull him into the land of dreams once more. It took a few more minutes before Steven was able to open his eyes again, minutes of trying to remember what happened before he was asleep, and why was his body working against him. It took minutes for Steven to finally wake up and gaze around the room he was in with a look close to confusion and wonder, only to blink in bewilderment when he saw the king sitting on a stool next to him, to invest in the scroll in his hands to notice that Steven was awake.
Steve stopped in front of the sweets section, gazing at their packets but not seeing them. Today of all days Steve decided to go shopping for food after he noticed how the kitchen supplies were getting thinner; now Steve knew he shouldn't leave the house, not after what happened, especially not with a stalker/God's-know-what on the loose. Steve, on the other hand, was on his wit's end, not only because he couldn't spend once more second in the house, but also because Steve got tired from how quiet his home was and how Tony was absent for many days now, without Steve catching a glimpse of him here or there.
"No, my name is Peter!" The small boy whispered back, flushing when the blond kept smiling at him, Steven nodded his head, taking in how familiar that name was to the boy from two thousand years ago, the name seemed more modern then Petrus, so he can see why it was used for the boy.
Everyone can see how invested Steve was in the movies they saw, and everyone knows they were going to thank Peter for his good choice in movies tomorrow; Tony though, who was the closest to Steve was concerned. He can see the wistfulness in Steve's eyes when a wish came true, he can see the longing when the prince and princess kissed; what made Tony smile though and leave Steve be, was the happy smile that took over his face, every time the characters had their happy ever after. Tony spends the time watching Steve, even when a few movies ended and Peter fell asleep in Steve's lap; it was only after Peter crawls toward Tony and hides his face in Tony's neck murmuring 'Turn off the light.' That Tony realized what caught his attention from the start…
"Mama, 's cap Papa?" His son asked him one day, the two of them were lying on the floor far, far away from both the mattress and the door, no matter what, he will not let his son sleep in the same place that monster violate him in…
When Steve entered his and Tony's room, he saw that the Omega was still lying on the bed, but he was awake, looking at the wall with a tired look in his eyes. "You weren't harsh on him, were you?" The Omega asked causing the Alpha to shake his head, making the Omega sigh in relief and whisper in a low voice. "Good…" While returning his gaze to the wall causing the Alpha to sigh at that, and head toward the bed, lying behind the Omega and pull him in his embrace which made the Omega shudder a little before he relaxed.
Someone like… Fury… Tony's eyes widen and his mouth dropped a little; yes, this was perfect! Fury was a serious man, a man who doesn't accept or handle bullshit, a man that always glared at the lake when he patrols near Tony's home in anger. Tony didn't interact with Fury that much, his interaction is mainly with Natasha and Clint, sometimes Carol. Yes, Fury would be perfect to get the truth from, especially when he was older than even Peggy and Bucky, it meant that Fury knew about Steve Rogers in the familiar sense of him living in the village and what happened after his 'death', but won't be invested in him like how Bucky and Peggy where which was perfect.
Steve dared to raise his hand, something my boy wouldn't do no matter what, especially when he is already smitten with you from the first time he saw you." Serpentine crossed her hands over her chest, the shadows behind her becoming wilder and even the dolls that were crawling on the grown shook their tiny heads in disappointment as they watch the events unfold before their button eyes…
Tony took a seat on the chair near the bed, gazing at Steven with a thoughtful look on his face that turned into a sigh. "I wonder how someone as caring as you turned out to be Rogers counterpart, that man is an asshole." Tony grumbled, looking at Steven who was still asleep, wondering when the man will wake up. "You were right… I shouldn't have started something with Rogers… he is an asshole, and a cheater, it does consider as cheating when your boyfriend didn't break up with you until two weeks later of shackling with his ex, right?" Tony asked, his mood darkening even more at the reminder that yes, his boyfriend just broke up with him to run back to his ex, that was supposed to be dead.
Tony spent the whole day fighting them, the whole fucking day! He couldn't help but look at the clock in his suit every five seconds, and when the fight ended at 6 PM, Tony wanted nothing but to fly to where Peter and Steve were waiting for him, he wanted nothing but to find that fucking leader of this fucking group and throw him from the top of the Stark tower, watching with a dark glee as the fucker hit the ground and break into thousands of pieces!
"Nat, he is my brother-in-law!" Steve shook his head at his friend's pout, turning his attention to his melting ice-cream; letting out a sigh, Steve picked up a cherry and put it in his mouth sending Natasha a mean look. "Besides, did you forget that I'm married? I don't do cheating if that what you were implying." Steve said as he chewed his cherry, getting an eye roll from Natasha.
Thor… they haven't heard or see that much of him, ever since he gave the throne to Valkyrie and went with the guardians, Bruce was the person who talked with him the most and kept them updated on their friend, that was until he disappeared in 2026, they all have been searching for him until Betty came to them and told them to stop. In the end, they did, after learning that Bruce was finally free from the burdens he put on himself, Tony spent that night crying…
No matter how much Steve tried to ignore it as best as he can, he still continued to hear it. A hunted sound humming to him… sometimes it begs him, Steve didn't know what it wants from him… it left him hollow. Sometimes it was so choked up Steve thought the person who sings was crying. Sometimes it was angry, so angry Steve thought his eardrums were about to explode…and sometimes it was just so sad, that Steve starts crying without being able to get a grip on himself.
"It… it's me, Stevie… it is Becky… Bucky's sister…" That made Steve's eyes snap toward the woman as well as his attention, his jaw fell a little as he narrow his eyes, taking the woman from head to toes finally managing to place why the woman was familiar to him; Becky's hair and eyes were an exact replica of Bucky, even the baby in her arms had the same blue-grey eyes but with a light blond hair.
"I will forgive you if you gave me your AI for the whole day!" Tony said with a grin taking this as his chance to see what forty years from now AI can do, though, he only got an amused smile and a raised eyebrow from Steven which made him grin thinking that he won.
And here Steve thought that it was the Scarlet Witch or even one of Thanos' children. Steve doesn't know if he is disappointed or not, but at least he was given an out, a way to help to defeat the invaders of the tower. "Hey! No one calls Steve, sweetheart, other than Daddy! Take that back you dirty rodent!" Peter growled, tightening his arms possessively around Steve's neck which caused the star to smile at that, his heart fluttering in happiness at the protectiveness Peter showed.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, maybe a little bit of violence, Tony and Steve fighting like cats and dogs, unwelcomed surprises! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Nah, doll, we don't have any, but our little Tony here, live near the lake, and you know how teens these days are, watching too many cabin in the woods movies, they start saying that the lake is haunted." She snorted, which ended with Tony pouting a storm, though underneath he was tensing and shaking, trying to dissect Angie's words, remembering what happened to him a week ago, thinking that Angie's words have a truth to them. "The folks who had the place before you? The Rogers; couldn't handle living there after their only son's death, and left the place in the middle of the night, not even a goodbye to the Barnes family, who were their son's best friends. You can understand why kids these days love to make up ghost stories about the place you live in, though all have one line in the comment, and that is to respect the lake, and never under any condition have an ill-thought or bully someone or the punishment will befall you." Angie's last words were followed by a shift in demander that only Tony was able to notice, though he kept silent and nodded alone the older woman's words, trying to stop his shaking.
It started with Anthony calling the kid every week to ask about his shoulder, still feeling guilty that he sent the Omega to the hospital, the calls turned into every three days with the two of them talking and asking about each other's life, then it turned to every day with Anthony's heart pounding in his chest every time he got a message from the little Omega.
"Other than him being a gold digger who broke Tony's heart, I don't want anything to do with him." Rhodes said which cause Bucky to snarl and nearly attack the Beta if it wasn't for Natasha pulling his back.
—” Tony pointed to the picture of Steve that was displayed on Darcy’s phone; the alpha was wearing his football uniform and towering, all broad shouldered and golden, over his teammates like some kind of superhero, “—a teenager?!”
They found the kids in the living room, but Bucky and Nat weren’t in as big of a hurry to leave.
“Then...why didn’t you tell me about your birthday yourself? Asking for a friend.”
They weren’t. They weren’t. They couldn’t be.
But self-control had never been Tony’s strong suit.
No matter how much he was starting to wish otherwise.
More thawing. More somersaulting. Tony felt Steve’s words with his whole chest.
He knew it was stupid to keep it, but for some reason, he couldn’t bring himself to throw it out.
“What if their doorbell is broken?” she pouted.
“God bless you, Rogers.” Tony greedily brought the coffee to his lips.
Tony might’ve been the older one, but when it came to dating, Steve definitely had more experience. As the high school prom king/sports star—not to mention looking the way he did—Steve wouldn’t have lacked for company. He would’ve had—and
“And all my mate’s files are back?”
But Nat didn’t take pity on him. If anything, she sped up even more.
“And I respectfully said no.” Tony tried to walk away but Brock grabbed him by the arm.
A shocking coldness descended on Tony at the loss of the alpha’s body heat.
The teenager had done so much for Tony already.
. Tony had it on good authority that his butt was
How quickly it regressed him to the naïve Tony of the past. To the kid who thought the world of his mom and wanted nothing more than his parents' approval. Who jumped to do their bidding because he couldn’t understand how his mother could wake up one morning and no longer love him.
They placed their orders and made their way to the outdoor dining area. The parlor was known for its fun, wacky chair designs. Nat grabbed a seat in a giant banana split, and Bucky parked himself in a miniature replica of a mint ice cream truck. The two instantly started competing to see who could get brain freeze first.
“I must decline.” Bruce pushed his glasses up his nose. “I am composing a strongly worded email to Dr. Philip Sterns. I found an error in his latest article.”
It was a little nauseating how smitten he was. Past-him was not amused.
It was scary, and bewildering, and a little thrilling to know that he had Steve in his corner so fiercely. Other than Rhodey, no one else had ever had his back like that.
There. That was a safe reply, right? He wasn’t making conversation and had gotten straight to business.
“I’m not pining.” As for checking his phone ten times an hour, she was exaggerating. It was more like five.
“Shut up and eat your butter pecan.”
Omega Finishing School had taught them that it was selfish. That ‘good omegas’ saved their pleasure for their alphas. In some places, it was even a punishable offense.
She’d screamed loud enough to burst Tony’s eardrums, clutching handfuls of his wet shirt into her tiny fists. “No! No! I wanna stay with Nanny Tony!”
Society, the authorities…they’d all say the same thing. That he’d asked for it. That his pheromones had meant that he’d wanted it.
Obie had done to Tony.
“—and you’re wearing so much scent blocker it’s making my nose itch.”
Tony would very much like to see MomOfTheYear09 try to discredit his cleaning solvent now. It was the only thing that had successfully removed the red goop from the white paint. Tony didn’t want to imagine what would’ve happened if that hadn’t worked, because Nat’s parents probably would’ve ended up firing his ass for letting the kids destroy their house. Now they’d be none the wiser. A job well done, if he did say so himself.
Tony’s heart leapt. It did a goddamn somersault. Jesus, he’d liked hearing that too much.
Tony shook his head. “No.”
“I’m going to change that. I’m going to get you used to them.”
Steve closed the door behind him, shutting himself in with Tony. His voice gentled, “What happened, baby? What brought this on?”
The silence lasted until Steve broke it.
, he thought. The water was causing him to cough and his vocal cords to spasm closed.
“I won’t apologize for who I am.” Darcy shrugged. “Is that seriously the only reason you aren’t talking to him anymore? Lame, Tones. Very lame.”
There weren’t too many alphas who’d let an omega yell at them like that. Especially not in public. If Tony had pulled that stunt on Obie, he would’ve been limping for a week.
Nope. Not an option. Tony had no plans to suffer through another heat as long as he lived.
“That reminds me,” Tony placed his hands on his hips as soon as the two of them were out of earshot. “No funny business in front of the kids. It’s not professional behavior when I’m on the clock. As far as they’re concerned, you and I are merely acquaintances. Possibly friends. Anything beyond that stays on the DL. I don’t need your mom coming after me with a shotgun.”
, the infatuated voice in his head denied.
“Because Nat loves to swim. Me? Not so much. Though I suppose my opinion might differ if I actually knew how.”
The teen’s scent was everywhere. In his lungs. Filling his head. A mix of aftershave, sunscreen, chlorine, and the unique scent of compatible alpha male. It was better than air. Calming him and yet somehow making him more frenzied all at once.
Maybe, someday, he could believe it, too.
Was he really picturing what his and Steve’s babies were going to look like?
He took the plunge and leapt into the pool.
“You can’t call me that.” Steve’s body had been shaking with fine tremors, his fists clenched so hard his knuckles were white. His voice had been so gruff it had sounded distorted. “I don’t - I don’t trust myself when you call me that.”
Okay, wait, no. He wasn’t in the middle of being murdered. He was just incredibly hungover.
“Was that a crack about my usual hygiene practices?” Tony murmured, joking reflexively because Steve was getting way too real for him.
. Tony gaped, trying not to stare at him.
The teen lifted his head from where it was buried in Tony’s neck. “Can I stay the night?”
So, it was strangely comforting to know that someone was out there thinking of him—even if that person was a barely legal 18-year-old who Tony had no business talking to. Even if any kind of future concerning the two of them was already doomed.
Another minute of this and Tony would start running the risk of getting in over his head again. Or, even more humiliating, coming in his pants. “We should-” he temporarily lost his train of thought in another kiss- “mmmph - put on the breaks.”
He loved feeling the alpha in his mouth. Having that impossibly hard length hitting the back of his throat. How Steve’s big body would shudder and his hips would buck. The low groans and praise that would fall from his lips whenever Tony did something he liked—which was basically everything.
He would have to double, maybe triple, his dosage. Anything it took to buy himself some more time.
He knew it wouldn’t.
Steve froze. That clearly hadn’t been the answer he was expecting.
But Tony didn’t care about all of that.
Tony almost stumbled, attempting to cover it up with a cough.
Part of him was bracing himself for the shock of his actions to hit him. For regret to tear through and send him into a panic over what he’d done.
But he had to stay strong. Had to clean up his own messes.
She clutched her doll harder. “Don’t do it again, ‘kay? You’re not allowed.”
that was a full-fledged alpha growl. One threatening enough to make Tony’s hair stand on end.
“Don’t call me Buckley's Cough Syrup,” Bucky huffed.
Steve had suggested going to another pool.
A soft chuckle. “Good to know.”
“Watch it, Banner,” Tony warned him. “Before I prove your latest dissertation wrong out of spite.”
Tony snorted. The only thing missing was the cheesy music, and the two could’ve been reenacting every fraught, dramatic reunion on every soap opera ever. He watched as Nat gave Bucky his mermaid crown. It was decorated with shiny pink and aqua beads, seashells, purple seahorses, and glittery gold starfish. Tony had been slightly worried that Bucky wouldn’t like it. Thanks to the gender roles imposed on society, there were plenty of little boys who’d find it ‘too girly.’ However, Bucky’s little chest actually seemed to puff up as he let Nat put it on his head. He seemed delighted that she’d made him something.
“The problem is that I’m not yours to protect, remember? I could’ve sworn we had this conversation already! This is going so far outside the bounds of friendship that I don’t even know what to call it anymore!”
He hated that he was such a train wreck.
.” The woman’s frown smoothed away. “That is acceptable, then. James has told me many great things about you.”
Steve wasn’t moving. Very, very quietly—cautiously—he asked, “You...you lost a baby?”
He knew that look.
Finally, enough of the teenager’s synapses came back online for him to manage a jerky nod.
—this is the most damning evidence of all—you haven’t called me out for giving you decaf today instead of the good stuff.”
“Of course it is,” Tony said somewhat bitterly, shoving his black sunglasses on. “An alpha like that is probably juggling a laundry list of betas and Os.” The double standard drove Tony crazy. Alphas were encouraged to ‘spread their seed’ but omegas were expected to remain chaste until a formal mating.
“I’m disgraced. I’m a bad investment.”
“What do you need, baby?” Steve’s mouth released one of Tony’s flushed, swollen nipples. “What are you ready for?”
“Don’t be like that, SweetTart.”
“I still need to change my shirt.”
He didn’t have much in this world, but at least he had that.
His breath left him in one word. “Mom?” he croaked.
“What’s wrong?” Steve sounded strained and strangely vulnerable. “Did I...did I do something?”
Every reaction he wrung from the alpha drove him crazier. Soon, he was hollowing his cheeks and bobbing his head. Moaning around the alpha’s cock.
. Steve had won him, they insisted. Steve was giving Tony his protection. He’d saved Tony’s life. The teenager had proven himself the apex predator.
“Don’t ask,” Tony said dryly. Nat was a sweet kid but she had a bit of a dark streak. Sometimes he felt like Darcy had an easier job than he did. Bruce was practically the perfect child – you know, if one conveniently forgot his tremendously destructive temper…
Sitting down to eat and plying them with food didn’t prove to be an adequate distraction.
But he couldn't voice it out loud. He’d said far too much already.
So, that was how this was going to be. Apparently, they were skipping right past any pleasantries.
“He did.”
His begging seemed to obliterate whatever was left of Steve’s restraint. A shudder moved through the teenager and his lips crashed back down onto Tony’s with a growl.
These swimming lessons were going to be the death of him.
He cut off the thought.
The teen paused, seemingly frustrated. “I want to tell you something,” he said after a couple of seconds. “You make me nervous, too. It’s not easy to get you to talk to me. I wanted to impress you so much today that I googled a list of conversation starters.” Ears pinkening, he readjusted his baseball cap. “‘What do you do in your free time? What are some of your hobbies?’” he echoed. “I practiced asking you that.”
Rhodey was unmoved by his fluttering. He just shook his head and let out a long-suffering sigh. Suddenly, a shadow fell over his face as his eyes pinpointed a spot on Tony’s neck. “...Is that a hickey?”
The bot was a silver android made to be slightly humanoid in appearance without erring on the side of creepy. He was dressed in red football gear, complete with his own helmet, shoulder pads, gloves, and knee pads, and was holding his own tiny prop football. His computerized facial viewscreen consisted of two bright, circular lights for eyes. They changed shape according to his moods.
day. And only for good reason. He’s teaching me how to swim.”
He knew what happened next. What
And now the bed was cold. He couldn’t sense Steve’s presence beside him.
he chanted.
“I won so many times, they asked me to stop entering in order to—and I quote—give the other children a chance,” Tony reminisced smugly.
He’d gotten an unfiltered look at what he was really getting into and had decided Tony wasn’t worth the trouble after all.
Tony sputtered. “That hurts,” he said with feeling. “I take strong offense to that. I am renouncing you as a friend and blocking you on Facebook.”
“They should really advertise that on the box,” Tony muttered bitterly, rubbing tiredly at his eyes with the hand that wasn’t clutching the phone.
. His vision went hazy as his insides awoke with a terrible need. He wanted to rub himself all over the room. Wanted to wallow in it.
Being linked to Tony would reflect poorly on Steve’s reputation. Society at large would assume there was something wrong with him for choosing a defective omega. Steve claimed not to care about that, sure, but that was easy to say when the consequences were all hypothetical.
Bucky pulled back the handgrip of the water gun but the toy had emptied. “Abort! Abort!” he informed Natasha. “I’m out of ammo! Run!”
“Your mother?” Tony repeated. “But that makes you…oh, you’re Bucky’s brother.” It seemed embarrassingly obvious now that he’d realized it. Bucky was always chasing after Steve in a manner reminiscent of a younger sibling at the pool. And while the two didn’t exactly look alike, they had the same stubborn, mischievous glint in their eyes that must have been a Rogers family trait.
“I think your parents might have something to say about that,” Tony told the redhead. “Now say goodbye to your friend. It won’t be forever. You’ll see him again.”
They had too few weekends left for him to send the teenager away.
Tony stilled.
He was a bonafide, sex-starved maniac.
about it. Parking herself beside Tony on the bench, she curled up against his shoulder, seeming content to finish eating her ice cream cone there.
“Fifth position!” the redhead instructed. “Assemblé!”
, Tony thought, anger rolling through him. The blond girl should’ve been too young to know that insult yet, but he supposed her parents wanted to infuse her with prejudice early. “Is that true?” he asked Bucky.
So it made an awful sort of sense.
“Close your eyes,” Tony instructed Steve.
Heading straight to his liquor cabinet, he retrieved a shot glass and a bottle of whiskey.
of a second. He couldn’t get caught in a trap of wishing for something he could never have.
. Killian, for one, would’ve jumped at the chance.
He’d kissed Steve extra hard for that.
Tony’s throat constricted.
Yet here he was. Daydreaming like he was Molly Ringwald’s character in
Wrestling the pain back into its cage before it could eat him alive, he mentally slammed a door on the image, locking the imaginary version of himself and the baby behind it.
“I wasn’t…I wasn’t trying to mollycoddle you.” Steve shifted uncomfortably. “If I’ve been out of line…If I’ve been coming on too strong…I haven’t meant to. I know you’re not ready. I know you haven’t had good experiences, that I need to be patient. I’d say I can’t stop thinking about you, but I haven’t actually tried to stop. I don’t really want to. I’d promise to stay away, but…” He paused, his hand tightening into a fist before relaxing again. “…I don’t think I’m your only problem, Tony. I think there’s something else upsetting you.”
Surveying the room with an unimpressed glance, she remarked, “This is where you’ve been staying?”
“Oh.” Darcy’s eyebrows rose with intrigue. “And how do you know that?”
Either way, he wasn’t touching that particular comment with a 10-foot pole.
“Yeah?”
“Tony talks about you. He told me you’re his oldest friend. That you’re like a brother to him.” On that note, Steve’s hand moved to the small of Tony’s back in a distinctly non-brotherly gesture.
An ugly ball of shame had settled in his gut.
But the stinging pain behind his eyelids wouldn’t be stopped.
; they liked that my family was rich... The role just sort of fell to Rhodey. He’s my person.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He nearly had a brain aneurysm when he swung open the door.
“I like that you aren’t caught up in trying to be well-mannered and obedient like all the other omegas at my school. I like that you told me off.”
Nor was the trip to the hospital a smooth one.
“Don’t hold your breath.”
He'd been an arrogant fool to think he could walk away in September and still be in one piece.
“I see.” Jane held for a pause. “Alright, I have to ask...have you been spending time with any unmated alphas lately?”
Mission accomplished. Irreversibly, disastrously accomplished.
He was jerked from his pity party by the sound of children yelling.
“That's between me and Tony.” While the tone of Steve’s voice was polite, it explicitly conveyed the message
A small flush rose up Steve’s face as he let out a choked noise that was part laugh and part something else. “Stop trying to distract me and suit up. Put on the life vest, Tony.”
It still had some water damage and the pencil was smudged in spots, but it was mostly unscathed.
fucked up, that’s what happened. This little game, or flirtation, or whatever the hell you want to call it that’s been going on between us has gone on long enough. I’m done. We’ll be cordial for the kids. I’d never keep Nat from seeing Bucky. But that’s it.”
“She didn’t have anyone in her corner. She didn’t have a chance. He didn’t want her...I should have.
“Tones, you don’t even have Facebook.”
a run for his money.
He practically fled into the empty changing room.
“I s-scraped it on the side of the pool!”
Tony thought Steve looked good too—mostly because it was impossible for the alpha not to—but he hadn’t changed his attire at all. Other than the letterman’s jacket he’d thrown over his white T-shirt, he was wearing the same thing he’d had on at Nat’s.
“Tony, dear? It’s Zoya.” Nat’s mother. “Are you alright? Your friend Darcy told me what happened.”
He felt the large, blunt press of the alpha’s finger nudge the rim of his quivering hole.
Sex and physical contact had become so intrinsically linked with trauma and abuse in his head that it was hard to believe he’d ever be able to fully untangle them.
He felt stripped bare in more ways than one. This was the most he’d ever opened up to anybody.
Yet, it did nothing to dull how attuned he felt to the teenager. He wished he could make it stop.
“Nope,” Tony admitted grumpily. “It’s not just you.”
But then, that was nothing new.
And, more importantly, did he
. A flare of anger slashed through him at the thought of the woman trying to take a hand to Natasha. He was glad the woman was no longer employed by the Romanoffs. Nanny Patricia sounded like she would’ve fit in with the corporal punishment loving teachers at omega finishing school. “She shouldn’t have done that, but I can’t say I advocate you playing with matches. I still haven’t recovered from cleaning the scorched remains of your barbies the last time you set something ablaze.”
Tony’s pheromones hit the air so fast they made him dizzy. A deep throbbing had started inside him, turning him wet with a messy gush of slick. His hands reached for the teen’s fly, but Steve caught them before they could meet their destination.
And his scar…his scar was a reminder of what he wasn’t.
He talked to Tony about football and gave him a play-by-play of his latest championship game. He told Tony about his friend Sam and shared some of the amusing jokes he’d heard from him. And he told Tony about his military father. How the man had inspected the corners of Steve’s bed every morning to check that he’d made it correctly, because his father had believed that accomplishing the first task of the day was the number one secret to success.
“I know. I was worried too. But I did wake up and I’m here now.”
, a bitter voice crashed him back down to Earth,
. And that was part of the problem. He made Tony feel too good. Too unguarded. Like the rug was about to be pulled out from under him at any minute.
the monster. Not you.”
“Not sure it qualifies as a food group,” Steve smirked.
The teenager had come in and shaken Tony out of the humdrum of everyday life. He’d thrown Tony into a tailspin the minute they’d met. Had overwhelmed him, challenged him, and made Tony question everything. The strength of Tony’s reaction to him had brought all his anxieties and insecurities roaring to the surface, where he could no longer hide them.
Obie had detested the sight of Tony’s surgical scar. He’d expected his omega to come to him young, and smooth, and perfect. He’d been angered by the news of Tony’s congenital heart defect, believing it made him bad breeding stock.
Okay. That had been a stupid question. (It was no wonder Darcy had called him breathtakingly dense…)
As if the teenager hadn’t posed a big enough threat already.
Tony went for a bench shaped and painted to resemble an ice cream sandwich. He didn’t have to wait long before Steve dropped down next to him.
“Her dad’s an astronaut. The guy’s hardcore into astronomy.” Inspecting Tony with the keen eye of a friend, “Tony, man, is everything okay with you? You look...”
“It’s not easy to get him to do a spit take,” Darcy agreed. “On that non sequitur, I’d like to finish the introductions without any more interruptions from the peanut gallery.” Motioning to Jane, “The lovely brunette is my sister, Jane. The blond beefcake on the grill is her mate, Thor. And, last but not least, the handsome, well-dressed gentleman who carded you is the only military man I respect, Captain James Rhodes.”
Case in point: Steve rubbed his chin on top of Tony's head and dropped a kiss in his hair.
“Aw, you’re so responsible. Always taking care of me. Could that stem from your deeply repressed daddy kink, perhaps?”
The person standing on the other side wasn’t Steve. They were someone Tony had never thought he’d see again.
“I’ll drink to that,” Tony muttered, bringing his beer to his lips. And because the universe evidently hadn't finished throwing curveballs at him that evening, he got yet another massive shock lobbed his way.
A safe assumption. Tony would have declined an invite—he wasn’t Wooderson from
“Once or twice. It didn’t do them any good,” Steve answered back, and then, out of nowhere, he added, “You’ve got a bunch of sparkly stuff stuck to your face.”
It’d been impossible for him to be anything other than loud and unrestrained when Steve was touching him. Especially in the throes of his orgasm. He’d basically moaned down the rooftops. And he’d definitely cried out Steve’s name. Multiple times.
The wound of losing her had been bleeding out for years. Unhealing. Breaking his heart day after day after day.
“A mistake,” Steve repeated flatly, a note of confused hurt in his voice.
The word ‘property’ seemed to shock Steve out of the weird, aggressive mood he was in. He flinched, deflating.
– the key to your magical summer.”
The blond disappeared under the water and quickly resurfaced with Bruce’s belongings in hand. He effortlessly heaved himself out of the pool using one heavily muscled arm—
She had made Bucky a mermaid crown during their arts and crafts session the other day and was clearly excited to show it to him. Her own crown was currently sitting on her head.
Nat blinked the water out of her eyes, staring at him as if it was too good to be true. Then she catapulted at him and wound her skinny arms around his neck in a borderline strangling hug.
The teen took a breath. “I don’t like how we left things. Can we talk?”
He was working on fixing Bucky’s tablet—and trolling Rhodey with more cat videos—when his phone lit up with a new message.
For someone who didn’t like touching himself, Tony had sure been doing it a hell of a lot lately.
“You’ve been producing slick while on suppressants?”
A second knock unglued his feet from the floor. Hurrying to the door, he swung it open with slightly clammy hands.
“Fuck, please. Tony, please. Say it. Say I can kiss you.”
He’d spent the night researching the problem himself. But the internet was a cesspool of unhelpful and inaccurate information when it came to omegas—most of the articles he’d found had been trying to convince him that suppressants were a mortal sin—so he’d been praying that Jane would have a different answer for him.
The robot ceased dancing. “I have gears older than you are,” he said in rebuttal.
“The new Nick Fury action flick.” Nick Fury was a big Hollywood star. He was best known for his series of popular spy movies.
“It won’t be like it was.”
“That she does.” She set down her drink and sighed. “The pool just won’t be the same without Steve to gawk at. I am woeful. I am feeling woe.”
Every. Time.
Tony slowly calmed as he allowed himself to be comforted by the alpha’s voice. If Steve was going to come after him, he would have done it by now. Tony was starting to trust that he was safe.
“That’s what I said.”
“That wasn’t an invitation to follow me,” he told his friend, sounding weirdly despondent even to his own ears. “You should go back inside. Don’t let me ruin your evening with…” he trailed off, unsure of her name.
“Deal,” he agreed gently. “On the count of three?”
Fear—not of the alpha, but of what he might do—shot up Tony’s spine.
The teen continued to utter soft reassurances. He was purring for him, but his purrs were much different from the ones Tony usually heard when Steve was happy or they were fooling around. These were gentler. Softer. They commiserated sorrow and seemed to speak directly to the part of Tony that needed to hear them most.
His head slammed back into the mattress.
“Who’s up for a round of beer pong?” Darcy asked after they’d all cleaned their plates.
His eyes shot open—and Tony had only a second to process that Steve’s mouth was covering his own, his big hands pressing down on Tony’s chest, forcing his body back to life—before he made a strangled, choking noise and spat up what must’ve been a gallon of water.
“Hold on. I’ll get it for you.”
“Tell you what, we’ll compromise. If you eat half now, you can save the other half for later.”
“Whoa, hey. Aren’t you going to look at it first?” Tony asked in disbelief. “You, know, turn it on? Check that it works?”
“No, thanks. Coach doesn’t want me near all that butter and salt.”
He jumped up as fast as his hangover would allow. Bolting to the living room, he grabbed onto the wall to keep from tipping over.
It was a looming void creeping over him, and he was falling into it. Slipping away. Disappearing little by little.
Nat immediately dashed off.
“The more you say things like that, the more sure I get.” And the more horny. Who knew that someone displaying concern for him would be such a turn on? He must’ve had the saddest set of kinks in existence. “I mean, why’d you bring me on a date to the drive-in if we weren’t gonna make out?”
He schooled himself into acting normal as they approached Steve’s lifeguard chair. The blond stood up as they reached him.
But he could do this. He’d had a lot of experience with it.
He wanted to try taking his body back.
Steve rubbed helplessly at the flush creeping up the back of his neck. “That’s, uh...honestly...probably gonna happen a lot if we’re together. Ignore it. I just wanna watch the movie. Hold you. It’s fine if you say no—no pressure, baby, alright? I just thought I’d ask.”
He stared at her, shocked and yet, unfortunately, also entirely unsurprised by the words that had come out of her mouth.
But, dammit, he would if he had to.
“You are a dim-witted, juvenile Neanderthal!” Bruce was shouting. “Return those to me at once!”
There was something about
Tony sprinkled a light dusting of brown sugar over a bowl of oatmeal and berries and set it down in front of Natasha.
“Yeah!” Nastasha agreed. “And making us eat broccoli!”
Steve went as still as a predator stalking behind its prey. His voice was lower, more dangerous, than Tony had ever heard it. “Tell me.”
“They’re here!” Launching to her feet, she raced excitedly towards the door.
“You’re beautiful.”
She floated in on a breeze of expensive perfume, looking sorely out of place as she entered his home. The air of privilege and extreme wealth that exuded from her was at odds with the small, economical feel of his apartment.
an alpha before. “I don’t think ‘pathetic’ is a word anyone could ever use to describe you,” he denied strongly, and it made Steve look at him with such gratitude that he had to fight not to flush. “All those things I said to you two minutes ago? Forget I said them. They were never said. I was being a dickhead.”
“Power cables,” Steve nodded, confidence slipping back in place—his brief flash of uncertainty disappearing so fast that Tony was left wondering if he’d imagined it. “Noted. You ready to go?”
But then Steve’s warning broke through the fog of lust shrouding his brain. Reality crashed over him like a bucket of ice water. Mortification slammed through him, turning the heat under his skin cold.
“Sorry, buddy,” Steve said, and the best part was that he sounded genuine, too. He was apologizing to a
“Right. Simple,” Steve said back, looking like he’d never heard the words ‘sensory feedback’ in his life. “Look, I was hoping you could help us out. We’re more than happy to pay you for your trouble. I wouldn’t expect you to fix it for free.”
Pure fear seized Tony, turning his blood cold.
Fuck it. He was going all in.
“That might be kind of difficult to do postmortem…” Tony’s pace slowed as he hesitantly followed Steve out onto the pool deck. The pool loomed in front of him, looking as expansive, deep, and menacing as the Pacific Ocean. “And, well, uh, on second thought, I’m not sure I’m up for any swimming lessons today, anyway. I had a big dinner. That’s a rule, right? That I’m not supposed to go in the water immediately after eating? Maybe we should reschedule.”
“I’m sorry, Steve,” the younger guard begged. “I was distracted. It’s a big pool. I didn’t know he was in trouble.”
Thank you so much, hackedmotionsensors. I love it. 😭❤
So when a small voice in the back of his head tried to warn him that neither of them were doing a good job of acting like this was a fling, he’d been too swept up to hear it.
“Oh, uh, no—” Tony tugged on his sweater. The material suddenly felt too hot.
“Mm-hmm.” The woman clacked away on her keyboard. “Any symptoms?”
Tony gave the alpha a quick, awkward wave, and then turned to Darcy with a glare.
He was tempted to rub his eyes and pinch himself.
Shit. That was a problem. A very big, alpha sized problem.
His instincts were in heaven. Delirious. Desperate to please their alpha.
It snapped him out of his paralysis. Surging forward, he grasped onto Steve’s outstretched hand with shaky fingers.
He was wearing a lifejacket, for god’s sake. How bad could it be?
Steve. Shirtless. So help him, this was terrible news for Tony’s self-control.
He didn’t want her to grow up with the same fear of swimming he’d had. If left unchecked, it would fester and get worse with time. She’d loved the water too much to lose it forever...so he and Steve had cooked up ‘Operation: Get Nat Back In The Pool’.
“I’ll let you have ice cream for dessert.”
Tony willed himself not to make a face at the kid just as Natasha resurfaced from the water with a loud gasp. “Ta-da!” she flung her arms out, preening as Tony and Darcy clapped. Christ…the girl really had held her breath for 100 seconds. Maybe she was part fish.
She was so brave, this kid. He couldn’t have been prouder of her than if she were his own little sister.
Obie had used Tony’s heats as his favorite method of punishment.
. “Uhhh…”
family...it wasn’t insignificant.
Tony had collapsed to his knees, spitting out water. He’d stayed there, hunched over and shivering, for a long time. Until his mother had come and had taken him up to his room.
“Fuck no. Your cock is a thing of beauty. There should be shrines erected in honor of how perfect your dick is.”
So why was the lack of an invitation bothering him so much?
what he’d expected the alpha to say. Was Steve telling the truth or was he trying to trick Tony into a false state of security? His blue eyes looked honest enough, but Tony had seen alphas pretend to care about omega rights before, only to turn around and punish those who came forward. “Life isn’t fair,” he answered carefully. “It is what it is.”
But now that Steve was following the rules—now that the alpha was leaving a wall up between them—it didn’t feel good. It felt pretty fucking awful, actually.
When Tony was finished speaking, there was so much fury radiating off the teenager, he was actually vibrating with it.
“I can smell like whoever and whatever I want. I’m not your property.” He refused to go through this again. Even for Steve. “Pull over. I’ll walk the rest of the way.”
“What’s your name? I never got the chance to ask yesterday.”
“Why not?” The teen looked almost too earnest to be trusted.
Well, okay…technically it was
, Tony didn’t say.
God help him, the line between right and wrong was starting to blur alarmingly fast.
He’d gotten so used to negativity, insults, and criticism that he’d become his own biggest critic. Anything else seemed unnatural to him.
He obviously didn’t want to drag the kids along with him to the emergency room—that was a surefire recipe for disaster—so he arranged for Darcy to look after Bucky, Bruce, and Nat for the rest of the evening. Only, Nat didn’t want to let him leave.
“I wouldn’t buy you,” Steve said stiffly, tone almost insulted. Appearing his actual age for once, he looked youthfully optimistic and unusually nervous when he continued, voice earnest, “If I asked you to be my mate, it wouldn’t come attached with a contract. It would be your choice.”
“You have your own key and call him ‘honey bear’,” she said mistrustingly.
He’d been hurt when he’d thought Steve was putting up walls between them. Yet Tony had thrown up more walls than Steve ever had.
Steve and Bucky ended up walking him and Nat back to her house.
“For. Babies,” she’d repeated in a tone that seemed to say ‘your colorful pictures won’t fool me.’ “I want to go back to the real pool!” She was still on her mermaid kick and swimming was the only thing on her mind. Her green eyes had turned downright frightening when he’d told her that they weren’t going back.
Steve had changed Tony’s life.
But the alcohol wasn’t working. It wasn’t drowning them out. Wasn’t strong enough.
So, Steve was going to get him a shirt. No big deal, right?
He tried to dart around Steve, seeking to escape out the double doors.
He felt closed in and stifled by the four doors of Steve’s SUV, despite the windows being rolled down and the fact that it wasn’t a particularly muggy night. His hair was slightly damp from his impromptu cold shower. Oh, and by the way, cold showers? Yeah, they weren’t nearly as effective as popular theory had led him to believe. He was still running hot and was way too agitated.
Though bemused, Steve seemed willing enough to humor Tony. His blue eyes slid obediently shut.
“You’re early,” he called out to the alpha.
“Alright,” Tony made a clear-cut decision. “Let’s do this.”
“My nanny is smarter. He built me a dancing robot.”
“Oh, don’t even try to act innocent, little lady. Your mom told me you set Nanny Patricia’s dress on fire.”
“Now why would I go and do a thing like that?” Brock asked sarcastically. Unfortunately, Darcy’s interference had only seemed to provoke him further. It was like he was enjoying himself even more now that he had an audience. “I’m just trying to get him to swim with me. Isn’t that what the pool is for—swimming? He’s here every damn day and I’ve never once seen him in the water.” He flashed his teeth at Tony in a cruel imitation of a smile. “That’s about to change.”
“Nobody’s getting burnt on my watch. Nurse’s orders.” Jane dug a bottle of SPF 50 out of her purse and handed it to them. “There’s more in the house if you need it.”
You can also find it at the source
It looked like he had a date to attend tonight.
“You know, some might say you’re handling this a little poorly for a lifeguard. It’s like you’ve never seen anybody almost drown before.”
It shouldn’t have been a novel concept, but Tony wasn’t used to being told that he mattered. Come to think of it, had he
“Okay,” Tony said hastily. “Tour’s over. I’m hungry and I believe I was promised food. Shouldn’t you be feeding me right about now?”
What happened next was the textbook definition of the universe basically asking him ‘you sure about that, bud?’ His instincts started collectively losing their minds, blaring at him like an air raid siren.
He liked something, alright, though Tony wasn’t sure how much that had to do with pizza.
She just took a deep breath, plugged her nose with her fingers, and dived back under the water.
He blushed. “Stop that,” Tony scolded.
Which was just...wildly unfair. Someone with muscles that size should not have been able to move at a speed
Tony hadn’t missed the storm cloud that had been brewing over Steve’s head the longer he’d watched Tony chum it up with Rhodey.
“Coffee?” Tony entreated hopefully in his pre-caffeine zombie voice.
“You can’t be serious.” He laughed; a dark, humorless sound. “I knew it. I
It broke loose. Tore free of the mental barricade he’d trapped it in.
for that?” Something wet streaked down Tony’s face.
“Yes, you may. Please take your dish to the sink.”
His stance hadn’t changed. He was completely unwilling to go into heat.
Dammit, it was.
“Good,” he confessed shyly. “I...I pretend not to, but I like it when you call me that.”
Steve took a seat on the floor beside him, the warmth of the alpha’s body joining his. He hadn’t tried to make conversation, just offered his silent support, his shoulder lightly brushing against Tony’s.
Steve hadn’t interrupted. Had only listened; a complicated series of emotions washing over his expression. Tony saw pain, empathy, heart break. Protectiveness. Admiration and respect for what he’d survived. Anger so raw it was living and breathing.
He brushed the unwelcome thought aside before it could dampen any more of his good mood.
He just didn’t want to believe it.
“I’m sorry Mr. Tony,” Bucky said contritely.
okay, because Tony didn’t ever want to make Steve feel insecure about his body. Steve was the most attractive person he’d ever seen. So goddamn beautiful that Tony was in awe he was even allowed to touch him.
Steve stopped Tony from closing the door on him with his foot. His expression had taken on his trademark ‘never give up, never surrender’ stubbornness. “If you think I’m that easy to get rid of, Tony, you don’t know me very well.”
“Nebula?” Tony blinked. “You’re kidding me. What kind of name is Nebula?”
Steve’s broad shoulders tensed, his entire body going rife with concern. “You’ve been drinking.”
The pale, faded line slicing down Tony’s sternum had always served as visible proof that he wasn’t alpha material.
Oh, fuck
“You left me one the side of the road with no money and no place to go,” he accused, unable to keep the hurt tremor out of his voice. “I could’ve been dead for all you cared. You show up on my doorstep after all this time and
“Hey, don’t cry.” Tony smoothed down her hair. “I didn’t mean to scare you, pumpkin. I’m alright.”
Tony weirdly found himself wanting to soothe the alpha. “Don’t take it personally. I’m, uh, kind of messed up.”
Okay, Tony couldn’t deny that one. He’d had to pile on an obscene amount of scent blocker in order to hide the smell of a very specific teenage alpha. Steve’s damn alpha musk kept overpowering the spray’s effectiveness.
What if that was why his family—the very people who were supposed to love him—had been unable to?
He hadn’t seen or heard from Steve in five days. Five days, thirteen hours, forty-four minutes, and twenty-six seconds to be exact, but who was counting?
“You’re the only alpha who’s purred for me,” Tony heard himself reveal, too busy floating on cloud nine to hold back the words.
to die!”
would be more accurate.” Tony bit his lip. God, why was this so hard to ask? The rest of the question came out in a jumbled rush, “Can I…can I hangontoyou?”
Leering, Steve inclined his head towards Tony. “You like it when I suck.”
bad idea. There were too many inviting surfaces. The sofa. The kitchen counter. The desk in his workshop. The wall. Any available space they came across found itself christened with a heated kiss or two.
Did this heightened, all-consuming attraction only exist because they were highly compatible? Would they still be like this together if they were two alphas?
And that was all it took for a punch of lust to stagger him. A deep, empty ache roared to life inside him, tearing through him like a drug. His groin tightened and his blood burned.
The football shenanigans ended when Thor—who was genuinely delighted by Steve’s skill with the ball—started balancing stacked plastic cups on his head for the teen to knock off. Jane confiscated the ball before his idea could reach fruition.
The conclusion the older woman had drawn earlier—the one about the four of them being a family unit—was suddenly sounding less crazy.
Steve had gone in after him, changing into a white muscle tank and black Adidas shorts and Tony also had to make a distinct effort not to check him out when he was done.
“Why would I be on the side of a snot-nosed punk?” Steve taunted, though his voice was fond and clearly teasing.
“Why would we do that?”
Steve must’ve made a quick trip to the grocery store, because Tony was positive he hadn’t had bacon, eggs, or bread for toast in his fridge the day before.
It took Tony a second to process it through his fear—his mind was already calculating various scenarios and escape routes—but the beta didn’t come across as someone who’d been following him. Brock seemed equally surprised that they’d run into each other.
Eventually they stopped fooling themselves and started attacking each other right at the door.
He’d burn it all down. Make the memories go away.
The only course of action available to him was the one Jane had advised him against.
For a second, as Rhodey and Steve sized each other up, Tony was certain that an alpha smackdown was about to break out right there in the middle of the lawn.
But the teen—being the infuriating, ever-so-helpful person that he was—was already leaning down to pick up the papers.
“A thousand chances? Just how much time have you been spending with him?”
“No.” Far from it. He set multiple alarms to make sure he took them on time. “I tried switching brands, too. The last one wasn’t working, either.”
“Who’s Bonnie Tyler?”
Finally reaching the top of the grassy hill, Tony was met with the sight of the park down below. Nat let go of his hand and made a mad sprint for Bucky. The brown-haired boy had been playing on the jungle gym, but as soon as he saw her, he jumped down and raced towards her as well.
Steve’s mouth tightened. “You’re not an embarrassing mess.”
Steadying himself so that they didn’t both fall over, he awkwardly returned the hug—hugs were not something he received often—finding himself struck with a surprising amount of protectiveness and affection for the little menace. In the short time Tony had known her, Nat had already shown him more kindness and compassion than most people ever had or ever would. A seven-year-old treated him better than most adults. What did that say about the world?
Steve handed him the photo without hesitation.
“His scent’s all over you.” The teen ground his jaw, nostrils flaring. “You sure he only thinks of you as a brother?”
Tony asked Steve to share his heat with him again two days later.
Just thought I’d leave a quick warning here. If you’ve read this far, I’m pretty sure you know what that-which-he-did-not-think-about is in reference to.
Obie had never given Tony affection without there being strings attached.
Their small group of four drew the usual stares upon entering. It never failed to offend complete strangers that Steve would associate with a disgraced omega. Luckily, when out with Steve—as opposed to being alone—a disapproving side-eye or two was about the extent of what Tony had to deal with.
Sweat broke out on his forehead as he pushed his back against the wall, desperately wishing he could disappear through it. His heartbeat drummed like a gong in his ears, racing too fast for his body. His pheromones had been replaced with the bitter, acrid scent of fear.
Tony looked down at their still entwined fingers. The teenager’s hand practically eclipsed his, making Tony’s appear embarrassingly slender and fine-boned in comparison. They looked almost dainty, even with the smattering of small scars he’d accrued in his workshop and the too white, old burn mark on his index finger, compliments of the time he’d accidentally mishandled a blowtorch. And because life had trained Tony to be prepared for the damage other people could cause him, he caught himself thinking,
you’ve been body snatched. Come on. Tell Darcy what’s bothering you.”
Was this what it was like to be connected—to be truly in tune—with another person?
don’t like it. I’d go so far as to say I hate it. I was useless today. I was a joke to those betas. A plaything. And I…I couldn’t do anything to stop it. I never can. If you hadn’t shown up…”
Tony remained where he was leaning against the door. “I’m confused,” he said unsurely. All he knew was that his alpha was looking displeased and unhappy again and he was at a loss to stop it.
It was quite a nice house, actually, now that he was looking. It was clean and orderly and had an old-fashioned, rustic feel. Most of the furniture was vintage or made of wood and the walls were painted in earthy, cream tones. A collection of family portraits hung over the hall table. In one picture, a blond boy had his arms around a chubby cheeked toddler Bucky. Tony thought it was Steve at first glance, but quickly dismissed it. The kid was too skinny, tiny, and anemic—as though he was suffering from some kind of health issues—to be the alpha. Perhaps the photo was of another brother or a cousin, then.
Nat was worried about him? “Uh, sure. Yeah. Of course.”
But he couldn’t admit to any of that so he stayed quiet.
He tried to tell himself that the misery and yearning weighing down on him wasn’t real. That his omega instincts were playing tricks on him because they had some messed up idea that he and Steve were a strong match for making babies. That nothing between them meant anything.
“18, to be exact.”
Nat’s cheerful humming stopped. “Barbie can’t miss her wedding,” she denied in a quiet, uneasy voice.
Reclining on the sofa, remote in hand, Darcy lazily browsed through daytime TV.
“Who’re ya calling snot-nosed?”
“It’s fine, Rogers. I get it. I shouldn’t have asked. You don’t need to explain yourself to me.”
“Yeah,
“Okay,” the woman continued, completely oblivious to Tony’s brewing mental break down as she asked the one question guaranteed to make the situation even worse, “And are you pregnant or is there any chance you might be pregnant?”
Was it not normal to dress up for a date? Was Tony getting this wrong already?
marry alphas. They can marry betas or other omegas, too. Or they don’t have to marry anyone. They can stay single if that’s what makes them happy. Same goes for alphas and betas.”
Unfortunately, yes. He wouldn’t be in this mess if he’d been able to keep his lips to himself.
But the act always filled him with shame all the same.
“You and I spoke once or twice after his games,” Killian forged on. Everything about him was broadcasting that he believed Steve could do much better than Tony and that he'd be only too happy to volunteer as tribute. “You’re...you’re really good. We all think you’re gonna go pro. Anyways, it’s been great seeing you again, QB. You know where to look for me if you ever need some company.”
“You’re corny,” Tony scoffed, blush spreading.
beer. I’m perfectly sober. Listen, I appreciate the concern, but Steve’s one of the good ones. I’m sure of it. If he was gonna do something to me, he would’ve done it by now. He’s had a thousand chances already.”
the size of his hands?”
“I wouldn’t. I wouldn’t do that.”
thinking about Steve and the pool—or, more specifically, things involving the two of them together
He didn’t hear from Steve again until 10:30 that night.
The omega in him would have been undeniably bereft if the teen had rushed right out the door.
. “No reason.”
“In the interest of not arguing—because I really don’t think I can handle doing that with you today—I’m gonna pretend I didn’t hear that.” He dragged in a breath. “Honestly, right now, I’m more concerned about what my mom might have in store for me.”
“I like talking to you.”
In that moment, he would’ve let Steve do anything to him. Fuck him. Knot him. Anything.
, and one from a number he hadn’t been prepared to see.
?! Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I... I wouldn’t say I put myself down,” Tony floundered. Was Steve right—was that something he did? “I just...I’m not used to compliments, I guess. I don’t hear too many of them.”
Tony woke up to a text message from Steve on his phone. He hadn’t had to board the ‘did he mean it when he said he was going to call me?’ post-date worry train at all.
Steve lifted his head, the pencil in his hand stilling. “You don’t know how to swim?”
. I can’t remember the last time you were interested in an alpha. In fact, I don’t think you’ve
Oh, shit. Tony winced. He should’ve picked up on that. No wonder Steve had only spoken about the man in past tense. “I’m sorry to hear that.” Now he felt terrible for his snide
The alpha would be leaving on a football scholarship in September. Tony’s time with him already had a built-in expiration date. He’d no doubt quickly become the big man on campus and forget all about the disgraced omega he’d spent a couple weeks chasing over the summer. Steve was sure to meet more omegas he was highly compatible with, and thus Tony’s life would return to its regularly scheduled programming.
Sometimes, he foolishly let himself imagine that he
“Consider my proposal. You don’t need to decide right away. This could be good for you.”
“I have stipulations,” Tony warned, “and rules, and enough personal damage to keep an entire team of therapists busy until they retire, as you well know. I’m a piping hot mess. I don’t do relationships. I don’t think I’d even know how if I tried. So if we do this, it can’t be anything serious. No labels. No future. No commitment. And it ends when the summer does. What happens in the summer, stays in the summer. Can you handle that?”
Because their eyes roamed over him like he belonged to them. Like he existed solely for their pleasure.
Pretty soon he’d be in imminent danger of begging the alpha to kiss him again. And he knew where
“Dismantled. My dad had him taken apart for scrap metal before I left for boarding school.” Howard had claimed that he was too old to be playing with his “little toys”. Ignoring the twinge of sadness at the fate of his old bot, Tony added, “I managed to save his CPU—I still have it. I plan on rebuilding him as soon as I save up enough money for all the parts.”
to get closer. Had to eliminate any and all distance between them. Steve didn’t seem to disagree—thank
He thought he heard Steve make a soft sound of amusement on the other side of the door. “I guess I better keep talking then.”
And, Tony noted with a pang, age appropriate.
“Just read your magazine,” Tony shushed her. “Though I have no idea how you read that crap. It’s dark-sided, is what it is.”
“You—really?” Obie hadn’t been. Even before Tony had become disgraced.
Tony’s heart gave an unwilling, ill-fated squeeze. Steve had watched The Sandlot for him? It wasn’t what one would call an award-winning movie. Tony had liked it well enough when he was a kid, but he hadn’t seen it since, and it probably required nostalgia goggles for proper viewing.
He didn’t deserve the alpha making him feel better.
Tony shook his head. “I don’t need to sit,” he muttered distractedly.
“Listen…about the other day.” Steve rubbed the back of his neck, making the muscles bunch in his arm. “If I said something wrong, I’m sorry. I never wanted to upset you.” The tips of his ears were turning red like he was close to blushing.
“You and what army?” Tony scoffed bitterly. “Let me tell you something, what Howard and Maria want, Howard and Maria get. You can’t change that.”
Hopefully the length of the chapter makes up a little for the fact that I didn’t update in the most timely manner. I tried, y’all.
“No, here’s fine. And no lifejackets this time. I have a new plan. A better plan.” Or a ruinous one.
“Talking later; kissing now. Please, Steve, please. I really need you to touch me.”
This was becoming a disconcerting habit. He could hold a conversation with Steve without turning into a sex starved alpha groupie, dammit. He
, I meant it literally. I am banning the use of that euphemism.”
Nausea slamming through him, his head rebelling at the sudden movement, Tony shot upright. A glance around the room confirmed his fears.
over there. I--um. I think that’s enough swimming for one day, don’t you?”
liked hearing that. A growl of supreme satisfaction left the teen’s chest. “Only me.”
Disliking Howard—and getting angry on behalf of Tony’s bots—must’ve been the key to winning Tony over, because that good hurt got stronger.
Tony wouldn’t have been able to save them.
“Yeah, baby?”
Tony’s home wasn’t dirty, really, it was just busy. He had too many ideas, too many inventions he intended to work on, too many nuts and bolts lying around, and not nearly enough space for them all.
“Good.” Addressing the woman, “Now, if you’ll excuse me, we will be leaving. I hope we never run into you at the park again.” Turning on his heel, he stormed off, Bucky and Nat trailing behind him.
It no longer made Tony’s angry-alpha = danger radar ping anymore, though. Why was that?
“Hate what?”
It made his own cock pulse in response, his insides clenching emptily.
Tony almost came right there. He’d been primed to explode before they’d even started. His body burned for a release from the unbearable pressure that had been building since the day they’d first met.
“Save that for when I’m off the clock,” Tony chided.
Steve presented his right arm, waiting for Tony to take it. “It’s all yours.”
“You know, if you’re trying to annoy me into being less anxious about this whole thing, I have to tell you that it’s working. You are impressively efficient at being annoying.”
By eighteen weeks, she’d resembled a premature newborn. She’d had tiny little fingers and toes. A cute, round little paunch belly and a ski slope nose. She’d been nestled in there so peacefully, small hands resting near her chin.
Because he’d just literally fallen at the feet of the hottest man he’d ever seen.
Wondering why security wasn’t intervening, Tony looked towards the Not-Steve-Lifeguard. The younger guard seemed completely oblivious to what was happening. He was too busy being distracted by the bawling child beside him, who having a tantrum and screaming for her parents.
This had started to worry Tony until he’d remembered the teenager’s promise to let Tony set the pace between them. Steve was likely waiting for Tony’s go-ahead.
Alphas—as Tony was well aware—were possessive to the nth degree.
Silence. A very long stretch of silence.
His breathing had just begun to shallow in distress when Steve walked back into the room, a damp washcloth in hand.
“Jane, hey. Thanks for getting back to me so quickly.” Setting down the screwdriver he’d been using to repair Nat’s Barbie dream car, he shifted his full attention to the call.
Swinging open the doors to the community center, Tony marched out onto the pool deck.
“I think I have great taste.”
“Hippogriff! You swear all the time! You’re just tryin’ to impress—"
let anything happen to you,” Steve interjected roughly. “You know that, right?”
“Are we really gonna let Buckley's Cough Syrup beat us at cannonballing?” Tony playfully challenged Nat. “We can’t let him have all the fun.”
“Easy,” Steve said with a wicked gleam in his eyes that turned the warmth in Tony’s body thermonuclear. “You dancing for me.”
If this was the way he treated all his hookups, he was going to end up with a string of dejected stalkers who were too head over heels to let him go.
Tony had always been too sensitive for dear old Howie, even before he’d presented as an omega. As if, deep down, his dad had already known the truth.
“Kiss me?” he repeated in a daze. He wanted that. God, he really, really wanted that. Wanted his alpha.
“Captain America. Steve. Our strapping lifeguard. I’ve bequeathed him with that title due to his red, white, and blue lifeguard uniform and because his little football-slash-swim-team friends are always calling him Cap. It fits him, don’t you think?” Darcy tapped a finger against her lips, mulling it over. “That, or Captain Handsome. Both suffice.”
The guy looked no older than a frat boy and might’ve been handsome if he hadn’t oozed with fake, cocky charm. He was a leanly muscled beta and only slightly taller than average, but his presence felt bigger than that. More sinister. Especially when he advanced on Tony until he was well within Tony’s personal bubble. “Hey, pretty. I see you here almost every day, but I never got the chance to introduce myself. I’m Brock.”
“Hello, Anthony.” When he continued to stare at her in immobilized shock, she insisted, “Where are your manners—aren't you going to invite your mother in?”
Thor plunked a beer into Steve’s hand. “Welcome, friend.”
He crouched down so they were closer to eye level. “Hey,” he said gently, “I wish I could promise you nothing like that will ever happen again…but I can’t do that. Bad things happen sometimes. They’re hard and they’re painful, and they’re part of life. If we’re lucky, though, we have people who care about us to help us through the rough patches. And you, miss, have a lot of people who care about you.” He had no clue if he was saying the right thing or not. At least her tears seemed to be slowing. Hopefully, that was a good sign. “What I
But then he reminded himself that this was Steve, and that Steve was the ultimate antithesis of Obie. And surely enough, whatever had come over the teenager seemed to pass. The aggression levels in the air de-escalated.
Tony had been abruptly deposited off of Steve’s lap the last time that had happened.
“Cutting off all contact with the alpha would work,” Jane continued, “but if that’s not what you want, and you’re worried about contraception, I could prescribe you some birth control pills.”
undetectable.
Obie would’ve never attended to him like this—it was the only thought he spared the older man before putting him out of his mind.
now?” Darcy teased dryly. “Yesterday you said you were a Russian spy.”
That was sobering. That was alarming. But he could only focus on one problem at a time, and right now he just wanted to be happy that he’d made it into the water.
In any event, he could handle ‘overprotectiveness’ way better than being pitied. Pity was the one thing he couldn’t take.
Tony knew Steve had some misplaced school boy crush on him, but
“I asked her to move in,” Bucky confirmed.
“This is breaking and entering.”
In hindsight, perhaps disclosing to Rhodey that he and Steve were in a no strings attached summer vacationship hadn’t been the wisest choice.
The incredibly talented
He lifted his gaze to Steve’s. “You’re not a creep,” he confessed quietly, barely able to hear himself over the pounding of his heart. God, was he really going to do this? It would change everything.
“Oh, thank god,” he heard a female voice gasp out. Darcy, perhaps?
He was struck dumb. Rendered nonverbal by shock.
again. Every full, unimpeded breath felt like being reborn. Slowly, the burning in his chest lessened, the black spots dancing in front of his eyes disappeared, and he found himself able to process more of his surroundings.
“I don’t even know how, but I made it to the ledge.” Tony decided to leave out the part where Howard had pushed his head back under the water. “I was starting to black out, but I managed to grab on. Managed to pull myself out of the pool.”
“Stop that!” he reached for the phone but she dodged him. “What are you typing?”
back.”
He rewarded the alpha by relaxing his throat, trying to take him deeper.
He wasn’t alone anymore. Steve would catch him.
Hopping out of her banana split, Natasha marched up to the place the woman had vacated.
The air in the room seemed to change, Steve straightening up to his full height, and Tony knew his resolve was about to take another big hit.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, real anguish in his voice.
Tony jumped when a light knock sounded on his front door. Quickly cleaning the blood from his face, he hid the tissue in the bottom of his waste bin. He knew the alpha would be worried if he found out the truth, and Tony wasn’t ready to spend the day arguing with the teen over the stupid things he put his body through.
was preparing him food. Would wonders ever cease?
There was no way Steve showing up now was a coincidence. It had to be in response to their argument. The teen must’ve been trying to prove Tony wrong through his actions. Attempting to show Tony that they
Every fiber of Tony’s being longed to take solace in those words.
“Ow.” Tony found his voice with a wince. “What was that for?”
Your comments were one of the bright spots of this trying year.
All at once, she shot off the stairs like a tiny cannonball and threw herself at him in a giant hug, almost beaning him upside the head with her creepy doll. “You’re my favorite nanny,” she admitted quietly; apologetically, as if she regretted her peanut butter sandwich revolt from earlier.
was he doing?
Tony bolted down the hallway, barely paying attention to where he was going. He just knew that he had to get away. To flee.
He didn’t slow his pace until they were a comfortable enough distance away. Christ, that woman had pissed him off him.
“Uh huh,” Natasha confirmed happily, sending Tony’s pulse skyrocketing so high it was like his heart was trying to shoot straight through the stratosphere.
Steve headed towards a small room that contained the pool equipment. “Something tells me that you won’t have a problem picking up the physical skill of swimming itself. If that’s all that was stopping you, you would’ve taught it to yourself already. This is not about that. That will come later. Right now, I just want to get you comfortable with being in the water.”
The alpha’s lids slid open. For a quarter-second, his expression remained unchanged. Then his gaze met the sight on the desk in front of him.
Steve’s permission was all he needed to silence the voice.
They’d nabbed the two chairs on either side of Tony, sandwiching him between them. When he’d asked for someone to pass him the ketchup, both Steve and Rhodey had reached out so fast, he’d half expected them to arm wrestle to the death over the right to hand it to him.
“You drive a hard bargain, kid. But, yes, with sprinkles.”
familiar.
“Thank you.” The woman gave Tony’s ID card back to him. “Go have a seat. One of our doctors will be with you shortly.”
Steve made a noise like he disagreed. “I’m not perfect.”
“Yes.” Steve lifted a serious brow. “Are you sure you want to argue with me? I can do this all day.”
Everything—the years of pent-up pain, and hurt, and heartbreak—it all came rushing to the surface. Burst out of him in giant, heaving, body wracking sobs.
Nat perked up. “With sprinkles?”
Hope was the most dangerous thing in the world to have.
He was
Tony could get dangerously addicted to that kind of attention. “I bet you say that to all the omegas,” he joked, playing it off.
“You told that lady you’re not family. You are too family! Momma says we get to choose our family, and I choose you.”
, his instincts were going wild, ecstatic that the teenager was so close.
Steve was downright masterful with his technique, kissing with a skill that belied his age. He had just the right amount of tenderness and assertiveness and never seemed to tire of exploring Tony’s mouth. He’d stoke Tony’s desire to a fever pitch, then trail shiver inducing kisses down his neck until he squirmed.
Steve let out a ragged breath. “I’ve been going nuts not being able to touch you.” The sheer need in his face was staggering. “Just a kiss, I swear. Nothing else.”
Unable to resist picturing it, he saw himself tucked against Steve’s unfairly well-muscled chest; the alpha’s strong arms wrapped securely around him. His instincts rose up in a desperate whine, clawing at him to say yes.
“I would
“I-I’d never let anyone else do this.” He was too far gone to keep the words in. They wouldn’t stop. “You’re the—ah—only alpha I want. Only you. No one else. Only you.”
“Hey,” the teen protested. “Where are you going?”
, said the needy, lovesick voice in the back of his thoughts.
of a date. But it was just another playdate for the kids. And nothing else.
With a broken growl, the alpha shot his release deep into Tony’s throat, cursing and chanting his name. “Tony, Tony, Tony,
Impatiently, “Tony.”
“I’m keeping the robot, Tony. It’s mine. You’re not getting it back.”
“Natasha!” The boy was wearing big, plastic, secret agent goggles. The lens screen was blue and it had a yellow flip out scope. “Come see my spy kit! I hafta take your fingerprints so I can arrest you.”
Hell, the handsome blond coming out of the arcade even looked like him.
Steve’s arms circled back around him, the teen’s soft, reassuring purrs filling his ears again.
...Well, that answered that.
“Where’s the blood diamond?” Tony heard Natasha demand as she interrogated Bruce.
“No!”
“Look, you can’t go after someone just because they give me trouble.”
“No one says that. Please stop.”
He dodged the doughy projectile. “Hey, not nice! No throwing food—this is not a high school cafeteria!”
He finally located the damn thing on the edge of his work table. “Got it.”
“He picked me up and carried me to our pool,” he said, voice devoid of emotion. He had to stay detached or he’d fall apart. “He knew I couldn’t swim, but he threw me into the water anyway.” Howard had gotten physical with him before, but he’d never once thought his dad was capable of killing him. The betrayal had shattered his six-year-old heart in a way he hadn’t been ready for. “He told me to save myself. That if I really wanted to live, I’d find a way.” Tony had sobbed and pleaded, begging his father to save him. He’d kicked and thrashed and had been lost beneath the water’s surface again and again. Howard had stared back at him, unflinching, his eyes colder than the water could ever be.
“Who’s Peggy?”
“Tony…” Steve stopped walking. “There’s nothing special about alphas like me. And there’s nothing wrong with omegas like you. I’ll repeat it as many times as you need to hear it. I don’t give a flying fuck about any of that. I’m
But then his panic set in and all basis for rational thought abandoned him.
But Steve must’ve already put his phone away, because he never replied.
He was mortified the teenager was having to pick up the pieces of his emotional meltdown.
Steve’s eyes shone playfully. “Turnabout is fair play, baby.”
He knew what was going to happen. Could see the whole violent scenario playing out in technicolor inside his head.
“No.” Tony pushed down a ridiculous burst of happiness. “I can definitely help. Most places would just overcharge you. You don’t even have to pay me. I’ll do it for free.”
When his parents had contractually given him to Obie, they’d lost their legally recognized ownership over him. After Obie had fought to have the contract dissolved—and Tony had been ruled disgraced—his parents hadn’t been granted their ownership back. Tony’s abandonment meant he’d become a free agent.
Being around Steve in his present condition couldn't possibly be good for either of them. Not while Tony was in the middle of self-destructing, all the ugliness inside him spilling out everywhere.
“Did he—” the teen bit out, sounding like he was warring with himself to stay calm, “—did your dad treat you like that a lot?”
Tony knew that Steve wasn’t one of those predatory alphas whose mission in life was to collect as many omega shaped notches on their bedposts as possible…but the teen was young and clearly enjoying life. Which also likely included enjoying some of the attention being given to him. And there was nothing wrong with that.
Geez. Her and her newfound obsession with him and Steve walking down the aisle—as if that was in any danger of happening. Disgraced omegas weren’t allowed to be legally mated without being granted permission by the courts.
So, he’d decided to try being an adult for once.
“No remedy is worth the sacrilege that was done unto this poor, unsuspecting mug of caffeine.”
“Chest pain,” Steve said.
, his instincts signaled giddily, making grabby hands for the teen.
“Let go of my friend or I’ll pepper spray you,” Darcy said fiercely, appearing at Tony’s side and brandishing the black bottle of capsicum spray Tony had made her.
Natasha nodded. “No runnin’,” she ticked off on her little fingers. “No deep end, and no holdin’ the kids’ I don’t like heads under water.”
“No. It’s fine,” Tony told Steve.
His reflexes were having none of it. He lost his footing and crashed into his desk, despite Steve reaching out and catching him to lessen the impact. The mini collision sent a bunch of papers tumbling to the floor.
He hid the feelings overwhelming him behind a light layer of snark. “You’re too responsible for your own good, Rogers.”
For Steve to take what he wanted from him without a single concern for Tony’s own needs, like what Obie would have done.
It might’ve been impossibly cramped and in need of constant repairs and upkeep...but it was still a thousand times better than the gilded cage he’d stayed in with Obie, because it was
Somewhere under the alcohol and the miserable, frightened anger, Tony was touched by Steve’s willingness to go to bat for him.
Tony kept his eyes trained on where Nat and Bucky were sword fighting with giant, foam pool noodles in the water. It was easier than acknowledging the absurd, territorial envy gnawing at him.
“No. No problem,” the young omega answered smoothly. He stepped out of line to introduce himself, a flirty, accessible smile on his face. “Hi. I’m Killian. I don’t know if you remember me, but we’ve met before. My older brother was on the football team with you. Number nine, defensive tackle.”
