“Of course it’s rubbish,” a voice to John’s left says.  John is sitting on the sofa and when he turns, he sees him.  He knows it isn’t real, that he’s drunk, and depressed, and desperate.
After they have settled John in, John mentions ordering curry and Sherlock can’t help himself, he places the order immediately, ordering all of John’s favorites and John huffs out a laugh.
“She thinks you’re going to take a whole bottle with liquid courage to wash it down!” Sherlock says, nearly getting up from his chair.
John finds himself in Sherlock’s bed. The sheets are silk and it feels like a giant feather. He finds himself watching the crack in the ceiling that moves to the left corner. He pushes his palms into the downy mattress and closes his eyes. If he’s very still, he can pretend that Sherlock is here with him. Like he never left.
After some strong convincing, John finds himself standing in Bart’s hospital on the sixth floor, in a laboratory.  It’s amusing, being in one, seeing the equipment, remembering university, remembering Ellis, and pushes the thought of him down.
It’s always shocking, it’s never not shocking.  Sherlock isn’t sure what he has to do.  Put more product in his hair despite the fact that there’s already so much it’s nearly gotten to using one third of the bottle every day?  Make more wild hand gestures?  Wear…ugly clothing?
He goes to John now, lets it happen easily.  He lets the pain fall away, whatever it may mean for him later.
John turned to go to the back office, having no idea what to expect or what to say to the older Holmes. He had only met him once very briefly.
As the man said ‘Toschi’, Sherlock mouthed the name with him, as if he had heard this argument before.
Sherlock drives them to his parent’s house.  The drive is mostly silent, and it makes John uncomfortable.
Sherlock stares at the telly without seeing for over an hour until his curiosity gets the better of him.  He has gone to John’s bedroom at night many times, and John has known it.  Years ago, when it was just Sherlock being Sherlock, lurking around, being ridiculous and mad as usual.  If Sherlock were to do it now, to stand outside John’s bedroom door, it would seem like an invasion.  But Sherlock can’t help it, he can’t stop thinking of John asleep in his bed, breathing softly and evenly under clean white sheets.  It isn’t an image that Sherlock has been able to see in months and not like this, not with Mary gone.  So Sherlock decides it doesn’t matter if this is an invasion, he’s crossed every border with John already.
He didn’t sign it, but it’s obviously him. It’s his handwriting. John drops the shopping and the oranges roll out of the bag. Part of John wants to rip the postcard in half. The other half wants to cry, just a little. Sherlock is in America. Or was, just a few days ago. John imagines Sherlock with all of his hair cut off, no longer in any of his silk button ups or suit jackets. Just wearing t-shirts. It’s getting into summer now. He can see Sherlock in raggedy thin t-shirts and jeans, trying to blend it. Maybe even wearing ball caps and sunglasses. The image is both funny and enticing. John stands out on the steps, staring at the postcard, for how long he isn’t sure. When he comes out of it, John feels vaguely ill. Like he might faint. Which is very stupid. He knows Sherlock is alive, it isn’t like he forgot. But just the reminder. A physical proof of his existence. It’s throwing John off kilter.
“John, have you seen the news!” Phillip exclaimed. Then promptly made his way upstairs. Before John could stop him, he had opened the bathroom door.
He takes a drag off the cigarette, fingers shaking.  It’s everything he’s wanted but he knows himself too well to be able to happy.  And that makes it worse.  If he doesn’t do the right thing in the next forty eight hours his entire life will be different.  If he screws this up, it will the ultimate in things he will never forgive himself for.  It’s
“Ah, yes, I had a feeling,” Phillip said, waggling his eyebrows and pointing to John. John suppressed the urge to strangle him.
“No, of course I’m not sad about Mary.  I felt nothing but relief when the whole ordeal was over.  When she was taken into custody I went home and slept for two days straight.  And then I called you.”
“I have one last thing to give you,” Harry said, blowing smoke into the brand new flat.  John knew he should have been annoyed by it, but he can’t bring himself to care about much.
“Isn’t he sweet, I can see why you like having him around, but then, people are so sentimental about their pets.”
“That’s incredibly easy for you to say. You’ve no idea what it’s like. Like I said before, I never wanted to be famous. Everything I do or say will come back to me whether it’s tomorrow or in three years. People do not forget your mistakes. People like me do not get to make mistakes, mistakes like the ones I made last night. Moriarty has already taken just about everything from me, I really don’t want to add you to that list.”
The others were beginning to question it, that was the main problem.  It was downright hilarious that they were, because nothing was happening, and nothing could happen.  No one came out and asked, no.  They would just stare daggers at him when he’d leave the Major’s tent sometimes, or look down at the letters he was writing to his sister.  Letters stating:
“I love you,” John says.  He is surprised by how calm and smooth his voice is.  “Of course, I’m in love with you.  I always have been.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock said, and covered John’s mouth with his own, then slowly trailed kisses down his neck.
“I think he likes to be mysterious,” Harry said, handing the paper over. “Look, now you can talk to Sherlock. I know you think about him all the time. I’ve got to run, I’m already running late for work.” Harry left the shop and John stared down at the number. He wanted to call it. Of course he did. But he also didn’t know if there was really any point. John had had a perfect night with Sherlock. But it had really just been one night. What was one night to the rich, famous, brilliant, and beautiful Sherlock Holmes? Surely he had forgotten all about John. John dropped the piece of paper into the bin, and tried not to think about it for the rest of the day.
Sherlock did and, in an instant, it was as if every muscle in John’s body was pulled as taut as a freshly strung violin string. His arms tightened around Sherlock, clutching him impossibly closer. Sherlock felt John’s jaw go slack against the side of his face as John’s mouth fell open, a soft moan melting into the air around them like icing sugar on a still warm scone.
For the rest of that night, John didn’t hear a single creak of floorboard on the stair or a whine of a door hinge from anywhere inside the massive, old house. It was as if he’d been stranded in the large mausoleum of a home without even Mrs H’s warbled humming drifting through the halls to soothe his worry.
Sherlock looked up. His mother had asked him a question he hadn’t heard. He blinked, shocked at himself and quickly fished for an ambiguous answer.
Ever since John had sassed Mr. Baynes over the virtues of improvising, the pair of them had formed a strange bond. They chatted incessantly, sharing and trading anecdotes on their love of all-things-New-York-in-the-60s. Sherlock often spotted them exchanging records and books on the topic after rehearsals. One such book was a personally signed copy of Allen Ginsberg’s
When clapping erupted a moment later, John looked up from his phone and saw the man himself had entered the room, a broad mustache (which, John thought, would be more fitting on a walrus than a man) was his most immediate and predominant feature. He was tall, white-haired and tan as a nut with leathered skin that spoke of the man’s travels more than any internet search could. His eyes were piercing as they scanned the room of new people, assessing all, missing nothing. John knew in that moment that Sherlock would meet his match in this man, and a small, petty part of him looked forward to the uproarious arguments the company would no doubt be privy to in the coming weeks. If anything, the entertainment would serve as a nice distraction from John’s current state of alcohol-drenched depression.
There was a knock at the door. "Yoohoo!" The sound eradicating any semblance of calm in the quiet, warm space.
“We’ll be in the garden.” He shut the doors behind him with a definitive snap and turned, taking John with him in the process.
Sherlock lifted his chin in defiance, marched down the seventeen steps with a flippant air, and snatched the package from his brother’s pale fingers. “Fine,” he gritted through his teeth. “Lead the way,
His arms had long given out holding him up and he covered the telling wetness at the corner of his eyes with his palms, pressing deeply into the sockets. Sherlock saw stars burn behind his eyelids. He rolled his head gently from side to side as he came down from the high precipice John had both perched him on and flung him off of, only to catch him at the rocky bottom and guide him into a tide pool of gently lapping water against his overheated skin.
It was a whisper. A confession. A plea. Spoken down to the piano’s keys, as if the caress of the word would ricochet and reach out to the man behind him.
There was, however, one thing that made it easier to stay on his piano bench every day. One thing that kept John Watson showing up to class on time, every morning at ten with a large thermos of honeyed tea and a conviction to see a job well done. His name was Sherlock Holmes and he was the most confounding and extraordinary thing John had ever come across - the most exotic of birds and the most unattainable of men.
Sherlock was already halfway up the stairs when Mycroft had bitten off that question and his foot paused in mid-air, hovering over the seventeenth step. He breathed hard, nostrils flaring as he turned with a measured amount of patience that even he was impressed by.
There was a single, endless moment as the pair of them took each other in, visualising the night ahead as if it were a chess match with an infinite number of possibilities depending on how they played the board. This was new territory to the both of them, yes, yet it wasn’t surprising and it wasn’t sudden; it was necessary.
He heard the studio door open, but he ignored whoever else had entered, not wanting to give up the solace and peace he allowed himself during his sacred early morning ritual in the studio. It’d be another hour yet before anyone else was meant to be in the company’s halls, but it wasn’t uncommon for Molly to show up as early as he did some days, wanting to have the extra practice time with him since she was his usual pas de deux partner. But when the piano at his back began to weep out melodic sounds of sadness and solitude, he stilled, his eyes drifting slowly open to focus on the man sitting on the bench behind him.
“The photographers. They’re paid to follow me. And Irene is my personal shadow. She hates the ignorance of the human race more than I do, save for the times when her hormones best her and she drags some poor sod to her bed, yet she is miraculously by my side at all hours of the day except when I'm sleeping or in your presence. You’re paying her to report to you.”
Greg’s smile turned mischievous as he nodded his head back towards the studio. “Il est dans la pièce.”
Sherlock slumped and curled himself around John with one long leg draped over his lap and an arm thrown over his chest as if John were a very large personal Sherlock pillow. Molly couldn’t help but chuckle at the affectionate mess Sherlock had made of the two of them, and John rolled her eyes at her.
Sherlock took his place upon the dusty black floor, his fingers twiddling along the seam of his jeans with excess energy. He stole a glance towards his right, seeing John at his piano, head bowed towards the music with his hair a riot of blonde tangles glowing blue under the stage lights. His red handkerchief was tied artfully about his neck, distinguishing him from the other dancers. The sight caused another shock of electricity to shoot down Sherlock’s spine and he bounced on the balls his feet in response, wringing his hands to shake off the feeling.
If you're wondering why Sherlock is described as wearing sneakers while rehearsing for a ballet, it's because Jerome wanted this ballet danced in sneakers - street shoes. If you'd like to see the famous image of 'the kick' that John talks about from
“Is this where you threaten to tell Mummy? Because I can assure you, dear brother, that she is well aware that we
John looked up to see Irene, a soloist with the company. She was all red lips and knowing eyes as she handed him a tumbler full of what he could only assume to be tea. Bless her.
“Bloody fucking everything! You’re the genius! How can you not see--” John cut himself off, turning away from the sudden stranger standing in front of him.
If it had been, Sherlock certainly would have been better off. John was worried for him. Who had drugged him? Was it random or had Sherlock been a target? Was it some kind of bizarre rivalry with another dancer or merely a predator out to find a pretty victim?
The moment hung in the air, tense and poised as if they were counting the seconds between a thunderclap and a lightning strike. Except, the seconds were lasting too long, their count climbing too high, and John’s mind came back into focus as he cast his gaze downward and realised that Sherlock was frozen in shock and that the hands hovering above John’s damp thighs were shaking with indecision.
He closed his eyes and breathed in the scents of the city, the funk of the sewers and the ammonia from the piss no doubt splattered along the alley’s walls and the sweet burnt-sugar smell drifting over from what must be a confectioner’s nearby. None of it reminded him of home and he hated that fact. London was nothing compared to Sussex.
A grin of pure pride crossed Sherlock’s lips before he turned his eyes downward and stared at John’s thumbs rubbing circles into the backs of his own hands. “I’ve never kissed anyone like that, John. This isn’t really my area.” Sherlock frowned at the words, his gaze rising up to meet John’s once more, his eyes wide and almost wild with a thousand thoughts projecting out through their pale, calculating depths. “I’ve never wanted to before . . . I’ve never
“Molly!” he shouted over the music and saw her ponytail flick in recognition of her name. John pointed to Sherlock, worry clear on his face and Molly nodded, grabbing her purse from the booth the dancers had all gathered at, and making her way towards them.
stunt you pulled on opening night, I can assure you, this plan has been in the works for quite some time.”
He played until his bones ached. It was the only katharsis he could grasp, and he held on like a dying man clinging to a liferaft in a raging sea. To John, music was always the way out, the safe passage to a calm shore.
He finally gets a case in Terling.  It’s barely a four but it will have to do.  Despite himself he’s solved the case before he even shows John but he pretends he hasn’t got a clue.
After nearly breaking Sherlock’s nose, John all but stomps to the side of the road to get a cab and immediately gets in.  He calls out for Mary, and she comes to him, sliding into the cab.
Truthfully, if John thought Sherlock was dead, maybe he could move on. But he’s going to come back. Could be tomorrow, could be in five years. And knowing that prevents him from pursuing anything with anyone. Anytime he even thinks about someone else he ends up feeling guilty. He doesn’t
“John,” Molly starts.  Or at least, she seems about to start, but then perhaps thinks better of it.  She regroups.  “John, I do hope you’re well.  I know leaving Baker Street must have been difficult.”
"Yes, of course I have how could I not?  You are both beautiful and fascinating.  You're the least boring person I've ever met.  You don't make any sense."
She was tall, with freckles, and had a laugh like bells.  Harry and Clara settled him in nicely.  They put the pots and pans in the shelf under the forks, knives, and spoons, and then Harry made his bed up while Clara put the kettle on.  John could tell Harry was drunk the entire time.
John nods. John has only been here in London worrying and wondering after Sherlock, but if Sherlock were to ask how it had been for him while he was away he wouldn’t want to tell him.
"And what did you see, when you looked at me?" John doesn't know why he's asking such morbid questions.  He just needs to know.
After removing the bandage, John inspects.  This feels strangely intimate, and invasive somehow.  But he knows Sherlock won’t have anyone else do it and he’s still too sore to do it himself.  It’s only been a week.
This time, John wasn’t stupid. He didn’t wait around. Instead, he did what he had wanted to do all evening. He cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him. Then he kissed his neck, and let his hands wander up Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock gasped softly and John could hardly stand the sound.
Their day had been filled with tea, lunch eaten with all the windows open.  A thousand tiny kisses, noses rubbing together awkwardly yet wonderfully.  That had been during the waking hours.
This conversation feels dangerous, but important nonetheless.  And in all honestly, John is sick of taking the easy routes.
Sherlock made no reply, only continued to flip through pages of some book on animal parts he’d picked up years ago.
"You looked...more like you did when I first met you.  Less like You.  You looked...forced..." Sherlock whispers.  "I wanted to fix it."
Sherlock cleans their plates when they finish and sits back down on the sofa.  His ankles almost overlap with John’s but he is careful not to let their bodies touch. There was a time when their bodies would touch easily, a shoulder against a shoulder, ankles overlapping, knees brushing, and Sherlock being completely anchored.  But now it’s not like that.
“Thank you,” he says quietly into the now empty glass, watching John from across the table.  He doesn’t know what to say, or how to react.  He only wants to kiss John and he can’t do that so he watches the kitchen table intently.
“All right, I’m go--” John starts, but then Anna kisses him. Her hair is soft, falling on John’s cheek. She tastes like pomegranate. For a few seconds, John lets it happen. Then he puts a hand on her shoulder and gently pushes.
“Fuck it, I’ve made the wrong decision haven’t I?” John said to the room. John looked to Phillip, who he knew would be the only truly honest one in the lot.
“We have indisputable evidence stacked up against him. But something is wrong. He wanted to get caught.”
“Thank you for coming here. Sorry about everything outside. I thought all this would be done by now.”
John joins Sherlock next to the fireplace.  Tomorrow they will go to Appledore and destroy the files on Mary.  They can’t exist if his daughter is going to be safe.  He’ll forgive Mary as sincerely as he can manage.  They’ll take the laptop from Mycroft as a means of trade.  It’s simple enough.
to those of you who stuck with this for so long: i appreciate you so much.  just knowing anyone bothered to read this all the way through, let alone stuck with it for so long is honestly astounding to me.
The problem had been the after.  Once it had been a year Sherlock didn’t try to go back to that first night at Angelo’s.  He didn’t try to recreate the image of John looking at him like he wanted him.  He’d been too afraid.  And it had always been so stupid.  The difference fifty two days can make.
John has never seen Mycroft in such a non-composed state.  Sherlock bent Mycroft’s arm back, and it would have been humorous if Sherlock wasn’t high out of his mind.
Sherlock picks at his food, and they both only half watch the game show that’s playing, Sherlock only making a few off hand comments.
John is drunk nearly a month after Mary had left.  He’s been fiddling with his shirt buttons for over ten minutes.  He looks up at Sherlock every now and again.
John didn’t want to leave her, but he had to. He had done so well in school that he fancied himself a doctor, Doctor Watson. It had a nice ring to it. They both cried, and John thought that probably helped.
“I love you more than anything.  I’m not going anywhere,” John says, and suddenly Sherlock is kissing him again, hard, Sherlock’s hands in John’s hair.  Sherlock has never been this demanding before, this desperate.
Sherlock is standing there. There’s snow caught in his hair. He’s leaning against 221, smoking a cigarette. John blinks a few times. He inhales and exhales deeply. He’s awake.
“Here you are,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly as he took a sip of his own drink.  Sherlock then proceeded to plop into his chair and nod at John’s.  John smiled into his glass.
John has attempted to calm down, and it has sort of worked.  He knows somewhere he’s going to break into sadness and defeat more than anger but right now it’s just anger and he is so thankful for that.  They’ve been kicked out of three places already, and as Sherlock dabs at his busted lip he says the words John cannot hear right now.
John sighs and rests his arms on the back of the sofa. The telly hums low and Sherlock is sitting beside him. They’d ordered carryout earlier, had tea Mrs. Hudson had brought up after she had calmed down. She had looked at the two of them and tutted, smiled, and clicked on her heels away. She had even closed the door. She had always known, even if they hadn’t been before. Sherlock lies down on his back and some of his hair falls onto John’s thighs. John runs his fingers through the soft curls and hums contentedly. Sherlock grunts low as he shifts and places his head fully into John’s lap. John smiles and places a palm on the side of Sherlock’s face.
good news is, i have now graduated from undergrad so i get four months before i start graduate school, free for me to write whatever i wanna.  i will have so much time to finish this now, and will actually regularly update, wowee.
As they began the short walk over to Greg and Molly’s place, Sherlock lit up a cigarette. It was a nice night out. There was a slight breeze, but the spring air felt nice on John’s face.
The three men laughed at their own jokes, and John felt anger well up inside him. The men had no idea what they were talking about. Sherlock was absolutely brilliant, and sitting not three feet away from them.
“I’m sorry John.”  Sherlock meets his gaze.  “I told you to trust her, because she needed to see that you would.  I don’t know who she is but we can figure it out together.”
He’d been caught three months ago and right now he’s fairly certain he is going to die and it will all have meant nothing.
“Well technically it always was my kitchen,” Sherlock starts, and then backtracks. “But yes I’ve returned. Sorry for the fright.” He gives her one of his chesire cat smiles and she slaps him on the shoulder. It looks like it must have hurt at least a little as Sherlock rubs at it.
Sherlock rolls over onto his side and finds John’s body in the dark.  He puts his head on John’s chest and then throws a leg over his waist.  There.  Now he can’t feel insecure.  Sherlock is protecting him.
John.” Mycroft actually looks a little cross, but his voice stays even. “He’s eliminating Moriarty’s web. It’s become very inconvenient for both of us.”
When John wakes up in the morning, he’s in Sherlock’s bed, curled around a pillow. It smells like Sherlock’s shampoo.  John touches the pillow gently as the morning light comes in through the right window.  He can’t tell what time of day it is from this room, but he’d wager it’s early still.  He doesn’t remember putting himself in this bed.  He feels he’s contaminated it, now it smells like the both of them.  He’s rumpled the sheets, they’re different from now from how Sherlock left them tossed about when he woke up the day he died.  Did he know that would be the last time he would rise from this bed?  John tries to desperately remember the last time they both went to bed, fell asleep, and woke in each other’s presence but he can’t be sure now.  He does remember, however, the last time he saw Sherlock wake up in this flat.
“Well. He is someone who can’t be mine and it’s as though I’ve taken love heroine and nothing else will ever suffice. Do you know what I mean?”
Sherlock nods and extends his hand for the glass.  John pours him a decent amount and Sherlock thinks he should probably not have quite this much but hell.  There’s a beautiful boy in front of him after all.  John’s eyes are bright and his hair is a little tousled from the wind but it looks good.  He’s watching Sherlock from his chosen chair, and he puts his feet up on Sherlock’s arm rest.  Sherlock had sort of thought he was done with things like these.  He is still fairly young but it hadn’t really seemed possible.  And certainly not from someone so bright, like John.  So bright and radiant, brave, mad.  Mad like Sherlock.  Mad like adrenaline and bullets and blood and doing only what comes naturally.  Doing exactly what you like.  Sherlock realizes he’s utterly fucked, watching John back.  John is the most fascinating person Sherlock’s ever met with hands that heal and kill with the same finger tips.
They both undress fully, and John happily crawls down the bed, kissing every part of Sherlock as he does so.  He kisses the inside of his thighs for the longest time until Sherlock has given up, nearly incoherent.
“Oi! Pints on me!” The one at the front shouted and Sherlock saw the slight boy at the back nod, agreeable and unobtrusive to the others. To his shock, the boy turned and stared at Sherlock, leaning against the wall with his hips jutted forward and his arms crossed. Their eyes locked for a second, two, three, it was odd. None of them had noticed Sherlock before yet this boy, this quiet, confident young man spotted him against the wall and found it necessary to turn his head and smile at him.
Sherlock's gaze fell to John’s hands fisted by his sides. His own fingers itched to reach out and touch John's, but all he could do was stare. He watched, transfixed, as John grabbed ahold of his bag and hoisted it higher on his shoulder. His knuckles were white with tension, his veins standing out in startling relief against his tanned skin. It was such a simple movement, an everyday, ordinary inevitability to adjust one’s bag on one’s shoulder and yet, seeing John portraying such a thing made Sherlock ache. He missed him.
Sherlock scanned the hallway in search of Molly. She was always pressed, dressed and ready for her cue before everyone else and he knew she’d be waiting nearby as soon as he’d exited the men’s dressing room.
He nodded at the server and pushed his cup towards her. She filled it, winked at him and walked away, looking over her slight, tanned shoulder at him as she left with a tendril of bleached-blonde hair curling around her cheekbone. He studied her backside, head tilted. Her hips were generous, but that girth only allowed for the tapered quality of her small waist to be accented, creating a lovely hourglass figure. She wore skin tight jeans with Doc Martin’s on her petite feet, and a flowing daisy-patterned top, that Sherlock noticed was purposefully sheer with her red, overly-intricate bra accenting the lines of her back underneath.
Martha thought she understood the animosity that radiated out of Sherlock every time he and John were in the same room together, but she didn’t understand why neither of them had acted on it yet. She'd heard rumors, of course, but nothing concrete and Sherlock would never give an inch let alone be chatty towards her in this regard.
Her keys jangled in her arthritic hands as she opened the front door to her well-loved home and walked into the sitting room just right of the foyer. She placed her small clutch and house keys on one of the many marble mantelpieces the house offered and starred in slight shock at the out-of-place skull that looked back at her from its perch. Considering that she’d taken to moving the skull every other week back to Sherlock’s rooms where it belonged, she wondered why he insisted on installing the morbid thing on the ground floor where she entertained company. After all, there were three sitting rooms in the house, he could have easily picked another one to decorate - or vandalize in this case.
The bench pushed out suddenly and Sherlock stumbled backward as John stood and turned towards him. His face was a mask of pure predatory anger and Sherlock gulped at the sight, not knowing what had occurred in the span of a second between the sweet final notes of the music to cause the strange dichotomy of John’s playing and his current expression.
Molly smiled and shook her head, floating away from him on an air of soft laughter. He stared after her a deep crease forming between his brows. Sherlock hated not knowing - it was infuriating. He quickly walked to the corner of the studio, delving into his bag to retrieve his phone and searched the internet to surprising results.
He breathed in deeply at the thought, allowing the music coming from the pit, and subsequently from John’s very fingertips, to fill him with the joy he’d never once allowed himself to see up until that glorious moment. As the applause grew and the curtains clamped down the dusty floor in front of him, signaling the end of the fourth piece, and the two minute mark to the final movement of the ballet, Sherlock grinned like a fool with a heartstruck thought: if there was a world where John Watson did not exist, Sherlock Holmes did not want to be apart of it.
Infinite heart-filled hugs to Ledion25, who not only beta'd but was also a cheerleader, sprinting partner, and a great friend and supporter of this story throughout.  Thank you, boo. Thank you.
John grinned at Sherlock’s blunt delivery as if he were spouting off bits of trivia to a class of school-aged children. “Yes, they were all named John.” He left his track shorts and pants in a heap on the floor behind him and slipped into bed.
The schedule for that afternoon found the small troupe of fourteen dancers (twelve cast, two understudies) of Mr Baynes’ revival of
He took a moment to let that feeling land heavy and solid against his chest, sink into his skin and anchor itself in his bones where he knew it would rest without concern. Sherlock wanted him to stay, and John, curled up as he was in the crumpled sheets and the elegant strength of Sherlock’s naked limbs, couldn’t find fault in the notion. He had no intention of leaving anytime soon.
By the time he made his way home, his stomach was sour and his head ached. He didn’t see John back at the house and he tried not to let that cut into his bones too deeply. He tried to stay calm and collected and indifferent.
“Sherlock, I can’t afford to live in London. I can barely afford to live here! Thank god for Mrs Hudson or I’d—”
Turning his head, he glared at the shiny glass doors of The Royal Ballet’s Upper School boarding house, its strange modern facade an anomaly in the sea of the ornate architecture surrounding him. His mother was behind those closed doors, her long, black coat tailored to her delicate form just visible beyond the seafoam glass. She’d been chatting away with the housemaster for the past twenty minutes, much to Sherlock’s dismay. After the first two, he’d wanted to stick needles into his eyelids just to help pass the time.
When he revealed the tented pants beneath John’s trousers Sherlock licked his lips, the Pavlovian response of saliva pooling in his mouth foreign to him yet not unwelcome. He
Sherlock nodded along with his fellow dancers, suspecting that her little pep-talk was aimed at him in particular. He stole a glance sideways to where John sat behind the practice piano on stage left, his true expression hidden behind a polite smile. Sherlock willed him to find his gaze, and by some miracle, John did, his storm-blue eyes locking with Sherlock’s as Mrs H urged them all to be bold and not to shy away from all those raw, messy emotions because where there's pain, there's also beauty. She ended by giving praise to Jerome Robbins himself, and the pure freedom and celebration of youth his choreography encapsulated.
“You prefer women,” Sherlock slurred on the last word, his tongue darting out to lick his full bottom lip.
John pinched the bridge of his nose and Sherlock stepped in, seeing a need to be useful and not wanting to squander it. “Quite right, John. Impeccable timing.” Sherlock bent down, kissed the back of Mrs Hudson’s hand and turned to bodily remove John from the room, perfectly content to leave Mrs Hudson to work her particular brand of magic which included the uncanny ability to both placate and aggravate at the same time.
So! What did you think? Was that uni kid, John?! *gasp*!! Or just a young man in a sports uniform who happened to catch Sherlock's eye?
When Sherlock received a call from his mother asking him to join her for tea at The Criterion with his brother, he didn't hesitate in accepting. The seedling of an idea that had planted itself in his brain a year prior had grown into a fully-realised sapling that would not be quelled. He suspected Mycroft had everything to do with Irene's position in his life and with this his mother's invitation, he had his opportunity.
John turned his head towards the shared wall with the man who no longer felt it necessary to acknowledge John’s presence, the conversation from earlier in the evening notwithstanding, and he crumbled a little at the thought. The dream-memory he’d just experienced left him with a strange, unbalanced equilibrium - a feeling of being slightly off-kilter in the world. He staggered from the bed, suddenly parched and in need of a drink. He threw open the bedroom door and made his way down the stairs towards where he hoped a kitchen would be on the first floor.
Sherlock shook his head, dismissing John’s question and stepped away from him to pace the floor. He ran a hand through his sweaty curls and then froze, having come to a decision. He pushed past John, grabbed his things from where they rested in the corner, shoved shoes on his feet and pulled a hoodie over his head, and left the studio without so much as a nod in John’s direction.
I'm going to be posting several images of the dancers for NYCB's revival of NY Export: Opus Jazz on my Tumblr for y'all to enjoy. Their costumes actually are street clothes and flat sneakers and the glorious choreography of Jerome Robbins really should have its own style name attached to it, it's that unique. Expressionist Modern Dance just doesn't quite roll off the tongue, ya know? lol
“Do you want to be my . . .  boyfriend?” John finally asked. His voice was muffled by the sheets, making the question seem all the more ridiculous.
John Watson had never been more keyed-up in all his thirty-two years of life and he knew, without a doubt in his mind, that Sherlock Holmes was in the same exact state. No matter how Sherlock presented himself with his cool, collected nature and acerbic attitude on the surface, John had felt the simmering heat of his skin against his the other night, even if it was only through the pads of his fingertips in his sweat-slicked hair. John knew - he knew Sherlock was just as twisted up in this web of neverending frustration as he was. What he didn’t understand was, why Sherlock kept denying himself. Why was Sherlock Holmes hiding?
Sherlock continued his avoidance of John well into the night, ignoring the invitation to go out for post-rehearsal noshes and drinks with the cast, much to John’s confusion and understandable disappointment. He watched Sherlock stalk away down the dampened pavement towards the subway, his head high, his curls bouncing with each long stride. John found himself frowning at the sight of Sherlock moving farther and farther away from him, feeling adrift and not knowing exactly why. What had happened in the past few days to make Sherlock’s demeanor turn so cold towards him after they’d come so far? They’d finally discovered what they could be to each other and yet John felt more untethered than ever, his exotic bird leaving him behind.
John looked up, his gaze faltering at whatever he saw reflected back at him in Sherlock’s eyes. “Christ, you don’t even know, do you?”
John’s hands came up to rest on either side of Sherlock’s face, his thumbs running over the sharp crest of his cheekbones. “We need to stop.”
And when the lights dimmed, and the final notes of the score sounded throughout the theater, signaling the end of the ballet’s opening-night performance, the audience repaid the beauty and joy they’d just witnessed in kind with an overwhelming cascade of uproarious cheers. The dancers collectively took a surprising step back at the unabashed praise.
John nodded and raised his glass in a toast. Yup, she was totally wasted. John couldn’t help but smirk.
“Oh, is that why you’re here? To tell me to grow up? Piss off, Mycroft. I’m doing what you asked. I’m keeping my distance.”
“Yes, sir. It’s a jazz piece at its core. The nature of the genre warrants such liberties, don’t you think?”
John laughed, his head falling back on his shoulders with the feeling of freedom in his veins. When he looked back, Sherlock was staring openly at his throat, and John watched as the man swallowed, the movement illuminated by the blue, neon lights of the club.
It was sloppy. It was undignified. It was base and raw and debauched and utterly perfect. Sherlock came with a cry and spasm of his hips, his body shivering under the attention of John’s deft hands and wicked tongue.
After a few torturous moments that seemed to last forever and yet ended too soon, the air left hanging between them became taut and sharp. John shifted in his seat, looking into the freshly emptied contours of his mug, feeling the electric pull from his side where he knew Sherlock stood, wishing he would speak.
His right leg was tucked in towards the base of the chair while the left extended an almost impossible amount out in front of him and a pair of, what looked like, fresh socks covered his no-doubt sore and bruised toes. The socks and a pair of black dance shorts were all he wore, the rest of his body on full, delicious display to anyone who happened to find themselves staring into the studio of 2B.
made John’s fingers twitch with excitement. Playing classical adagios every day did wear on a person, some diversity was needed, after all. At least as far as John was concerned.
Mycroft buttoned his suit and snapped his fingers once. A black sedan rolled down the street not ten seconds later and a leggy brunette with soft waves cascading down her back and over the crest of a perfectly fitted skirt, stepped out of the backseat, phone in hand. Mycroft nodded once by way of a departing gesture and walked off with his thinning hair blowing in the wind. Sherlock fiddled with a curl drooping into his eye and smiled at its thick, unruly nature, thanking whoever gave a shit to care or notice that he did not inherit their grandfather’s recessive, hair-loss gene.
His leg stung from the strange position he’d slept in, and he more or less limped towards the teak garden table where a glass Chemex sat filled with dark, amber liquid, its steam swirling into the haze of the early August morning. An empty mug rested beside it, waiting for John to pour himself a cuppa.
He scowled at Mycroft over the gilded rim of his teacup, his mood sour and his patience, nonexistent.
Sherlock’s mind came back online after a moment and he pulled back as his curiosity took over. “You taste  . . . interesting.”
Sherlock’s mind raced with the possibilities of having witnessed such a reaction. God, Sherlock wanted to learn this man. To know every scar and every freckle, to unearth every secret and exploit it, if only for their mutual enjoyment.
Martha Hudson sat back in her lounge chair on her patio in utter contentment, a stream of marijuana smoke drifting out of her mouth with a sigh. Mr Baynes’ tenure with the company was being considered a rampant success. The dancers were working harder than she’d ever seen them for a visiting choreographer and Mrs H did not mind one iota about having to stare at the weathered, rugged, downright roguish face of one Tobias Baynes day after day.
who hiccuped endlessly trying to giggle but wound up with a sob behind a partition in a Turkish Bath when the blond & naked angel came to pierce them with a sword,"
The cause of his flummox had been set into motion the day prior when Mr Baynes made an eleventh hour, critical change to the production: he wanted John on stage for the ballet’s last movement. It was the first, and only true divergence he made from the original stage direction Robbins had set in place over fifty years earlier. No one called him on the blatant alteration, and to Sherlock’s abject and immediate disappointment, Mrs. H had clapped her hands with exaggerated joy at the proposition.
Listening to the pipes spring to life as Sherlock turned on the taps in the bath was a torture to John. Sherlock had purposefully closed the door to the bathroom after he’d gathered a towel and a fresh pair of pants from his room. The sound of the lock sliding into place echoed throughout the floor like the crack of a whip against a metal railing, loud and reverberating with its finality.
John’s hands immediately balled into fists at his sides as he realised what was happening. He ran after him.
“We’ll put him in a white tee, sleeves rolled, and cuffed jeans. You’ll look just like the rest of them. Sarah, can we get wardrobe for him?”
Smiling to himself, Sherlock closed his eyes, blocking out every other sound around him except for John’s piano keys speaking to him across the humid air of the room, basking in the knowledge that the two of them could communicate through something other than words. It was science and beauty and syncopated rhythms combined—a language all their own.
Dame Margot Fonteyn - A true Dame in every sense, she was born in 1919 and passed in 1991, and danced until the age of 60! She had several successful partnerships during her long and celebrated career but her most famous was with Rudolf Nureyev, whom she started dancing with when was 42 and he was 24. I mean, come on! She's such a bad ass! She is a personal favorite of mine, and I love her dearly. We had a massive biography of hers while I was growing up, filled with beautiful black and white images of her dancing throughout the years, that I devoured as a child and young adult. Being an aspiring dancer myself, she was a personal hero. She also had incredible style, being one of the heralders of Dior's 'New Look' that took over Paris in the 40's/50's. I guess you could say she was the Audrey Hepburn of the ballet world, but both are such fierce and wonderful women, I'd hate to compare the two.
Last but not least, Sergei Polunin: The Sherlock Fandom certainly knows this name, he is the dancer behind the GORGEOUS dance video directed by David LaChapelle entitled 'Take Me To Church' named after the Hozier song of the same name. I'm pretty sure everyone I know who has spoken to me about the 'balletlock' sub-genre of Johnlock, cites Sergei as being a Sherlock stand-in because he's beautiful, a bad boy, and an INCREDIBLE DANCER! I feel the need to reiterate how amazing this man actually is. . . I can't imagine how incredible he'd be if he hadn't let his rebellious nature run away him and focused his energies on dancing as opposed to partying and drugs. I'm sure most of you know, but in case you don't, there is a fascinating documentary about him called 'Dancer,' which I think you can rent it through Amazon if you'd like to see more of this beautiful human writhing on the floor with his shirt off. I mean, if you'd like to witness the gloriousness of ballet first hand. Of course.
He left the house that morning still enshrouded by night’s long embrace, well before dawn began to make its lavender light known to the sleeping horizon. He breathed in the deep scent of honeysuckle growing in wild tangles down from Mrs H’s window boxes and allowed his legs to lead him north to the subway where he’d head into Manhattan without thinking of John Watson’s fingers playing over his skin, pressing deeply into his over-used muscles and bones.
John’s hands ran down Sherlock’s back before teasing back up his spine and twisting tightly into his curls. He tugged, guiding Sherlock’s mouth where he wanted. “Nibble my ear,” John said, voice rough. Sherlock grinned, licking a stripe along the shell of his ear.
Falling back on the bed, John let out a sigh that turned into an erratic giggle. How had he found his way down this rabbit hole and was there any way to graciously find his way out without insulting the generous hospitality of one Martha ‘Hudders’ Hudson?
Part of her reasoning in asking young John to stay with her in her home was, hopefully, to move things along in that area. Yes, the man needed a place to stay that wasn’t a crummy, cramped room in a friend’s flat, but besides that, he needed affection, and Martha also thought a bit of a challenge, just like her other young houseguest. John was a puzzle waiting to be solved and Sherlock did always love a good puzzle.
Knowing the confrontation with his brother could have gone in two distinct directions, Sherlock had entered the building with two plans in place, both with contingencies, if needed. He set the first option into play with a theoretical flick of his wrist, knocking over the first domino in his mind. In the weeks following his father's death, Sherlock had been in secret talks with American Ballet Theater in New York City. He had corresponded with their Artistic Director, a charming woman and a fellow Brit, named Martha Hudson, whom he’d found rather endearing, despite his normally negative opinion of the older generation. Their quickly developed relationship only encouraged Martha in keeping mum over the preparations for Sherlock to come join the company the following winter. She'd even offered up her home as a place for him to find his bearings when he arrived, which he accepted, silently praising her for her efficiency. She was gaining a world-class principal dancer and he, his freedom.
“Yeah but--” John let the sentence trail off, any semblance of hope he’ been harboring for the day had long evaporated into thin air thanks to Sherlock’s searing gaze. John had clearly missed something. He felt crestfallen and small as he packed up his things and headed to the third-floor rehearsal rooms, and he hated feeling small. It angered him to know that one moment he’d been so close to having something profound and good with Sherlock, and the next, it was as if the entire evening had been nothing but a dream.
It had been three days of peace. Three days of the perfect spherical symmetry that only occurred when two people hold each other together with the strength of their bodies and the heat of their mouths, minds synced and emotions laid bare. Sherlock had watched choreographers hoping to mimic that rare beauty on stage, but now knew from his own personal experience, that anything less than the pure physical reality he and John had shared over the past several days would not translate into any medium, let alone dance, without true connection behind it. Perhaps one day he might try his hand at evoking such emotion through his own interpretation of the movement, but until then, he’d rest his head against the wrinkled sheet music before him and countdown the seconds until John returned.
They were standing in a pool of afternoon sunlight, next to the french doors that led to the patio. They’d been left open since early that morning. The day was already too hot, the heat prickling over Sherlock’s skin like the uneasy scratch of a wool jumper. He waited, watching for John’s reaction as the humid air drifted passed them on a warm breeze. It brushed golden strands of John’s hair across his forehead. Sherlock remained still, silent, holding tight to John’s hand.
"who bit detectives in the neck and shrieked with delight in policecars for committing no crime but their own wild cooking pederasty and intoxication,
At the sight of Sherlock’s reaction, all the anger in John slowly began to ebb. It seeped out of him in a self-loathing wave, leaving him feeling lost and unsteady on his feet, despite having the barre at his back to hold him. He looked up at Sherlock with sudden exhaustion in his eyes. He was so tired of this dance, so tired of this back and forth torture. Why were they doing this to each other?
At the hour mark, Mr Baynes clapped his hands, feeling confident in his dancers and called for a full run through. John cracked his knuckles and attacked the music only occasionally diverging from the written notes to keep things fresh. He wished that he could watch Sherlock perform as opposed to having pay attention to the composition before him, but John knew that no matter how long this rehearsal took, tonight would find them both enveloped in the comforting embrace of Mrs H’s Brooklyn home and that thought kept John’s hands flying over the keys with a dangerous grin playing at the corners of his lips.
“Oh, you posh bastard,” John said. He crawled up Sherlock’s body and kissed him. The weight of him feeling heavy and perfect atop Sherlock’s chest. He sunk back into the warm sheets to soak up the attention, enjoying the slow movement of John’s tongue in his mouth.
Sherlock moaned at the thought of those fingers finally doing things to him that he’d only dared himself to dream about in the darkness and safety of his own room in the blackest part of the night.
This chapter takes place directly after the last. We're heading into the final piece of the opening night performance, folks!
John didn’t call out to him. Instead, he watched him go. The gentle lines of Sherlock’s back muscles moving and twisting along his spine as he pulled the door handle to the solarium open and disappeared inside, all grace and poise and utter, unfailing, infuriating, upper-class arrogance.
“Your father was an army doctor,” Sherlock stated, reading the insignia on the tags from where he lay.
John rocked on his heels at the shock of Sherlock’s voice breaking the quiet stillness of the ripe, humid air in the room. The sound was wrecked and debauched and utterly gorgeous to John’s ears. He wanted to play that sound on loop and improvise an entire piece around the resonating depths of Sherlock’s baritone. He’d never been more torn in his life to either sit down behind a piano and compose or to remain where he stood and witness how fate would play out his cards for him.
“John--” Sherlock started to say but John was crowding him, pushing him back towards the barre at the wall. Sherlock collided with the barre, the wood pressing hard into the muscles of his back as John surged forward, his chin jutting upwards, giving him the allusion of extra height.
His knowledge in regards to physical intimacy with others was minimal at best, and yet, he didn't feel self-conscious over his lack of experience. He now considered it an asset because he would explore and discover with John and John alone.
him practically burned inside Sherlock’s bones. He wanted to know everything and yet was simultaneously terrified of what that meant.
Shaking his head, he picked up his mug and took a deep gulp of the dark, rich coffee, amazed at how all of that punk-filled, feminine beauty was lost to him. He stared at his ceiling at night not wishing for the soft, rounded peaks of his female coworkers to be cupped in his hands but for the bulging swell of John Watson’s cock to be pushed hard and urgent against his hip bone, between the crux of his legs, the crease of his ass and the secret flesh of his most delicate skin. He wanted the heat of John Watson's saliva-slicked tongue to lick into his mouth again with all the vigor and passion he brought to the piano keys when the frustration grew too much for him and the pounding of his fingers into the cool ivory was his only solace. Sherlock wanted to be those piano keys, he wanted to be played by John in every possible way and found that he no longer hated himself for wanting such a thing.
this holiday. Despite it having rained four out of the five days they’d been exploring the Highlands, the two of them found plenty of ways to remain occupied indoors. Playing session at a little pub sitting in the hulking shadow of the University’s spires was a spur of the moment decision to actually get them
She kept chatting until Sherlock gave in and stomped his bare feet onto the dewy grass off the patio just to make her stop with her
At this, Sherlock stilled. He sat there, crouched and taught before John, holding him in place. John took in every sensation, every calculating glint in Sherlock’s gaze, willing him to give him an answer, give him anything.
Sherlock paused to take in the disappointment on John’s face. It was clear from such an instant and negative reaction that Sherlock wasn’t being transparent enough. He quickly added, “I want to be everything to you, John. I want your attention and affection and your anger and your kindness. I want your stubborn streak and your need to be noble. I want it all, and I don’t believe that the simple label of ‘boyfriend’ encompasses such a distinction, so no, I do not want to be your boyfriend, John Watson, I want more than that.”
She flicked the phone away and tucked it back into her satchel. “The camera quality on phones nowadays is a marvelous thing. Would you like a copy?”
She’d inherited the unique property from her late husband, an American with a penchant for hookers and blow, whom she’d married on a whim during a drug-fueled weekend of romance and sex in the Florida Keys in 1967. He was an awful husband once outside the heady haze of the bedroom, but his vast real estate holdings that were passed to her, after his death sentence had been fulfilled, proved to be a rather lovely consolation prize.
John stared at the ceiling of the room he now supposed to he could call his as the light faded from its walls and turned different shades of tangerine and purple with dusk. He wondered at the intricate plaster pattern of molding along the edges of the walls, hiding the sharp corners from view, softening the space. His eyes drifted south, towards his shared wall with Sherlock, and fell upon a painting of a dark-haired man in an olive grove, the bright colors of summer warm around him, vivid in green and gold. John pictured the man as Sherlock, standing there in the noonday sun, his hair blowing in a slight breeze. Sherlock had always been beautiful to John, and he knew he wasn’t alone in that opinion, but it’d been a while since he’d allowed himself to dwell on such things - that line of thinking was a dangerous one.
The strange young man winked and then he was gone; jogging off to find his mates on their way to their celebrations. Sherlock was flummoxed by the entire experience, and he hated feeling that way.
who blew and were blown by those human seraphim, the sailors, caresses of Atlantic and Caribbean love,
“You’re beautiful,” he told him, kissing one nipple. Sherlock arched into the touch, his breath staggered and stilted in the silence of the room.
There was a patch of light streaming in through the closed window, slicing over his right thigh, the heat of the summer afternoon clinging to his overly sensitized skin. He didn’t know whether to roll towards the feeling or away as a torrent of conflicting emotions raced through his mind.
“Oh, Christ,” John cursed into the silent room, his left hand falling to the back of Sherlock’s head to guide him, coaxing him lower. “God, your mouth.”
Rudolf Nureyev - A gorgeous man (picture Cillian Murphy if you don't feel like googling) and a gorgeous soul. He was born in the USSR in 1938 and died in 1993. He danced with all of the great companies, The Marinski Theater, The Kirov, The Royal Ballet, The Paris Opera Ballet, I'm pretty sure he did a stint in NYC with ABT as well (he also became artistic director of The Paris Opera Ballet) and choreographed his own interpretations of many classics (including Swan Lake) after he'd retired from dancing professionally. Like many famous Russian ballet dancers during his time, he defected to the West.
Sherlock felt John shift to lay next to him, his fingers trailing along and playing a delicate tune into the damp skin of his stomach. The air around them smelled different, heavy and heated with the combined scents of their sweat and the ejaculate from Sherlock's orgasm. The world around him was sparking with freshly spun kenetic energy, rippling out from Sherlock's body in a wave of new experience. Outside a siren sounded and a dog howled in response, cutting through the surrealness of the moment with a clarifying dose of reality. It hadn’t been a dream.
Just as John was leaning over to take Sherlock in, Sherlock shifted up onto his elbows and stared down at his cock, his attention once again zeroed-in on John and John alone. John arched an eyebrow at him, a smile curving at the corner of his mouth in question.
The fates were against him, it seemed, as Sarah brought over a red handkerchief to tie around John’s neck as if he were some rogue beatnick pirate who happened to have a piano on the upper deck of an artfully decaying ship. He hated how good it looked on him, the red making the blonde of his hair stand out against the slight tan of his skin.
The moment Sherlock’s foot twitched forward towards the piano, John blinked, and the spell was broken. Sherlock halted, his chest heaving as those storm-blue eyes looked away.
- *Fermat: a is a musical notation that looks like a frown with a period beneath it. It normally shows up at the end of a passage of music or at the end the entirety of the piece, and means that you should hold the final note as long as you (or the conductor) sees fit.
Fair warning, the 'some angst' tag refers to this chapter. Proceed with caution and perhaps a bracing cup of tea or dram of whisky.
Sherlock glowered and closed the door in John’s face with a satisfying slam. It was only when he looked in the mirror, seeing the signs of every word not said to the man he’d left behind in the other room etched into the creases around his bloodshot eyes, that the previous day’s events came racing back to him on an overwhelming wave of self-loathing. Sherlock retched into the basin of the sink, stomach heaving up only the yellow egg-yolk of bile.
“Sherlock!” He heard in a strangled whisper to his right. He turned and there she was, wringing her hands, ponytail twitching behind her head as if it had a life of its own. In three long strides, Sherlock had caught up to her, and engulfed her in a bone-crushing hug. His smile could charge the power grid for the entire city, he was beaming so bright.
Yet, that boy. That warm smile and that soft bit of fringe that blew into his eyes as he turned back towards his mates . . . that quick, instant moment of connection he felt had been utterly foreign. The last time he’d ever felt a connection with someone outside of his immediate family had been as a child, holding a wooden sword and standing in a scuttled canoe on a lake shore near his home. A neighbor, another little boy his age, had come running down the rocky shore to him, eyes bright and smile red with the sickly sweet stick of too much candy and Sherlock hadn’t even hesitated in asking him to play.
John feels complicated and restless living with Sherlock Holmes.  He loves it mightily, but also knows for a fact that these “dates” he’s continuing won’t last much longer, that he’s going to give up on them, and knows that despite his constant warnings to himself he’s already been swept up by the current and is heading into higher waters.
“What have you done to me?” John asked, eyebrows furrowing together, his lips tightening.  Sherlock grew angry, pushing himself up from against the table.
To counteract this fantasy is also the one in which Sherlock and John have exchanged roles, but John is vicious.  Sherlock has to be told to breathe every morning or he won’t.  He’ll turn blue before he lets that happen.  In this fantasy Sherlock happily strips down for John and lets John have his way with him.  It is always delightfully painful, and his eyes water when John pulls his hair or chokes him with his cock shoved down his throat.  He has no qualms with any of this.
“THEN GET A BETTER PLAN!” John yells.  He’s sure the cabbie is disturbed at this point but it doesn’t matter much.
She orders a sandwich and coffee and is sarcastic and witty the entire time, and John thinks he could be friends with her at least, someone who doesn’t fake the whole of human emotions.  She isn’t trying to be nice to him, or friendly, she’s just talking.  She talks about her last job outside of the city, her recent ex named David (only briefly), she shows him where she burned her hand two days ago from the oven, baking homemade bread.
to do about that fact. He would like to kiss Sherlock within an inch of his life. But instead John is trapped here in limbo.
“I suppose I’ll take this one after all,” Sherlock said. It was the book with the vines on the cover. John knew Sherlock was just being kind but rang him up nonetheless and waved him out. As soon as the door closed John let out a breath he hadn’t realized he had been holding and then put a hand to his mouth. Of all the people to walk into the shop today.
“Dunno, just make something up. Tell him I’m being punished and can’t use the telephone,” Harry would reply, rolling her eyes and barely looking up from her book. John would put the phone back to his ear and sigh.
Meaning: he cared for her.  Had he wanted her?  John could not be that.  She had been wickedly beautiful, and had matched Sherlock’s mind.  If Sherlock were to have wanted anyone, it would have been her.  John knows he is being ridiculous.  He needs to be there for Sherlock.  He needs to talk to him if he wants to talk (he wouldn’t).  Give him a drink, perhaps.
After only twenty minutes, he’d feel the scotch start to kick in, everything sort of getting fuzzy after that.  It was a blessing, this.  He’d never sleep if it wasn’t for the scotch.  The oldest medicine, really.
One day in late spring, Harry came round to the book shop. Mrs. Hudson greeted her and Harry beamed at them both as she held a small piece of paper in her hand.
“Moriarty wanted Sherlock destroyed, and you have given him the perfect ammunition,” John says, then gives Mycroft a stiff smile.  The ones that happen when he’s wickedly angry.  He stares him down as Mycroft sighs heavily. Mycroft apologizes, and John laughs in his face.
It would have been easier, if they’d just been shagging.  But John knew after the first night that it wasn’t.  Ellis had put so much care into fucking him, of course he did that in every other aspect of his interactions with John.  It did in fact, after a few weeks, turn into a relationship, though in John’s head he never allowed it to be called that.  They were just fucking.  Along with studying together, eating together, paying each other visits at work, going to parties together, spending nights together where they did not have sex, but would talk for hours and then fall asleep, holding each other.  On one of these nights, John nearly began to cry, because he knew exactly what was happening and wanted no part in the matter, remembering his sisters ugly retching and her worsening drinking habits.
“Please ignore everything Greg said. University was just…university. It’s also not as if I intended such a nickname to stick. I didn’t. You know what. Just, erase the whole thing from your mind.”
“Oh, hello there.  How are you today?  Haven’t seen you in a bit.”  Sherlock makes a non-committal-humming noise.  “And on the left, you said you were wondering about bruising, so I saved him for you.”  Sherlock doesn’t bother with a thank you, he just nods and turns towards the body.  He decides he’ll get another coffee before he starts in.
“I wish I’d known, I’d have taken some of things, no…I just meant…that I would have helped you move it,” she says.  Always a bit awkward, but ever sweet.  John smiles somewhat genuinely.
“Now, just stop,” John said, throwing his hands up. “This is completely mad behavior. All I’m asking for is a little bit of perspective.”
"Janine is a fascinating person.  But there wasn't actually much convincing between her and I.  She knew exactly what I was doing the entire time, and I helped her get publicity.  And what you read in the papers, is all fake, obviously.  We never had sex."
It was lunch time, John was eating a pear and Sherlock walked from his bedroom to the bathroom.  He’d come out freshly showered and dressed, and he’d been drying his hair with a towel when he’d come out, talking to John about Moriarty, eyes wide, looking a bit crazed.
He can sit in his chair for as long as he wants.  The weather will still change, the sky will change hue, the chlorophyll in the tree leaves will change until the color looks like smoke, and Sherlock will still come home looking as heartbreakingly perfect as always.  It’s getting warm, so Sherlock will open one of the windows.  He may sneak a cigarette in when he thinks John has gone to bed and he will look disgustingly gorgeous doing so, something like a slaughtered lamb, strung upside down for a reason.
Christmas comes. He spends the holiday with Harry. She breaks out the good scotch, and John doesn’t stop her. He should, he knows, but he doesn’t. He’s too tired to do much. Harry puts on records and talks over them. She talks about Clara, and it doesn’t annoy John as much as it normally would. The scotch helps.
John stopped in his tracks, stared at the pavement for a moment, then forced himself to look Sherlock in the eye.
Each day that went by, Sherlock slowly forgot about Magnussen.  He knew very well that he couldn’t, but it was happening anyway.  It was happening every time John kissed him, put his hands in his hair, held him down and ground down against him.  Sherlock was forgetting everything except how his name sounded falling out of John’s mouth.  He let John do whatever he wanted to him, it gave him a sick pleasure unlike any of the needles he’d pushed into his skin.  He would have stayed sober most of his life if he’d known John would be waiting for him at the end of every day.
It is very, very cold.  Frigid, in fact, possibly hell as frozen over and that is where he is.  There is a raw stinging in his shoulder though.  John knows he has lost a fair amount of blood.  He was standing up, not the first to stand up even, among probably twenty standing up, and then he was down.
“Oh, I dunno, I got cheated on a whole lot until I met the love of my life, and I have had to regularly work this this utter arsehole recently so,” Greg said, gesturing to Sherlock.
“A little.  Yeah.  But, only because…I haven’t dated in a while.  And, obviously, you’re far too good for me,” John replies, lifting his beer, then motioning for another round.  Mary laughs and it’s adorable.
“Where are you going?” Ellis whispered, and though John’s eyes were closed he heard the loud sniff, felt the wet spot on his own cheek from where their faces touched.
He used to stay awake for days at a time and now he keeps normal hours.  John isn’t sure if this is Sherlock trying to show that he can behave or if his manner has changed much more than John had realized.
“I haven’t had one of these since I was sixteen,” John says quietly.  He looks to Harry, who leans across the table and lights it for him, then lights her own.  “I didn’t know you knew about those phone calls,” he says, taking a drag.  It leaves him light headed quickly.  He thinks of how much Sherlock loved these stupid things.  He might be saying it out loud, he isn’t sure.
Sherlock turns and sees Stamford…Stamford something.  Matthew?  Michael?  The latter seems correct.  Sherlock gives him a thin lipped smile, nodding.
He imagines John waking up in his bed every day of the week.  John’s hair a mess, John’s face covered in lines from the sheets.  The sheets smelling like him.  Sherlock realizes that he needs this desperately to continue.  And John is so handsome it’s impossible.
It’s in the dresser, between a pair of navy blue socks and an old tie that John hasn’t worn in ages. It’s
Sherlock showed up at John's flat right on time. John made sure to meet him out on the porch, not wanting Phillip to catch a glimpse of the detective now that he seemed to have more of a grasp on his surroundings.
Sherlock has been through cycles of rehab. Endless cycles.  He is certain there are certain aspects of the addict in him that will never go away.  He’ll always crave some kind of high, he’s come to terms with this.  It’s just how he plays it out.  How he puts that energy to use.
At twenty six, John trained for everything.  He entered residency training in India with Queen and Country alongside him.  He was sent all over that country for five years.
“Sherlock was the reason I didn’t go to prison!” Angelo declared, setting a glass of wine in front of John.
He looks peaceful in sleep.  Sherlock sits down in the Client Chair, violin and bow still in his hands.  Sherlock watches John sleep.  It almost feels like how it did before he left.  Before Sherlock went through hell to come back and hold this man in his arms only to be told that he’d have to settle for simply seeing him happy.  That was what he really wanted anyway.
John is tempted to put his hands on Sherlock’s, just to stop the raw nervousness but he doesn’t.  He places his hand on his shoulder instead.  He pats it once, then pulls away.
“She can’t give you this, she can’t fuck you like this,” Sherlock whispered against John’s neck, going harder and steadier.  “She’ll never screw you this good.”
Sherlock gets up from his chair, goes into the kitchen, and comes back out.  He’s holding a folder, similar to the one that held the information to Mary’s past life.  Had held the information on Amelia Romans.  Sherlock hands the folder to John.
Sherlock is leaned back in his chair, smirking and shaking his head into his glass.  He looks John in the eye, laughs a bit.
John has always been beautiful.  When he walks, he’s confident, he takes up whole rooms with the light he emits.  His confidence is staggering and God, if he isn’t handsome, the sly smirks, the dark blue eyes, and
“Well maybe not right now…Oh, I think he’s here.  Better get your acting warmed up.  Now, here’s this,” Moriarty says, and puts the earpiece in place.  “You’ll be able to hear me now.  Just repeat everything I say, it’ll be lovely!”
The worst part was John found out he had been an addict shortly after.  The worst part was he became fucking obsessed anyway.
That’s as far as he pushes.  But he’s rejected anyway.  It stings, probably more than it should.  But it had been so long, and he was hoping.  So he lies.
He’d learned long ago that while John held tightly to some idiotic masculine tendencies, he was fine with men in relationships together.  Sherlock knew that John wasn’t straight.  He knew John had probably slept with men before.  The thought made him ache in his gut but he was fairly certain it was true.
The fight is intimate heavy.  It’s grotesque.  Sherlock can see the sweat drip down between Moran’s eyes and he shoves his thumbs into Moran’s throat just a bit tighter.
“Tell me…tell me you loved me…” Sherlock begins, stumbling a bit, placing his hands on John’s shoulders for support.  “Tell me you loved me on your wedding day.”
He’s listened to the voicemail Sherlock left for him during their time at Baskerville fifty seven times.  The day he found he still had it on his phone he played it over and over until he finally went over the tipping point and couldn’t hear Sherlock’s voice anymore as each sob took over and rocked him to sleep.
John’s stomach flutters.  His heart rate picks up.  He squeezes his eyes shut, then opens them, determined.
He felt trapped, he felt smothered, he felt confused, and he had no right to be with anyone. So he ended it. There was no explaining it to Amelia that was the worst of it. He couldn’t explain it because that would make it worse.
The nearly giggle-like laughter came out too quickly, and he would have been embarrassed if he had bothered to care.
“Yes.” Sherlock steepled his fingers at his mouth and then pressed on, despite how pained he looked. “I have to leave tomorrow. But, I was thinking. If I didn’t have to leave, would you let me see you? A little or, a lot?  We could see if…if you could like me again.”
He supposes, as much as he is loath to admit it, that Mycroft is right.  He’s starting to hate the color of his kitchen walls and there’s only so much violin he can play before he drives himself mad.  The truth is, however, that he’d been hiding because he wanted it quiet.  It gets so loud
, he asked himself when the detective would stop taking pity on him. Their relationship had changed, and John wished he wouldn’t rely on Sherlock like he did. He
Luckily, he wasn’t left with much of a choice, because Sherlock tightened his strong grip around the doctor’s shoulders; in return drawing John even closer until the older man’s nose bumped against the soft folds of Sherlock’s collar. The softness of the obscenely expensive shirt and the smell of Sherlock’s 50-quid cologne against his throat reminded the doctor so much of the quiet afternoons they sometimes allowed themselves (when no case was on and no experiment required Sherlock’s undisturbed attention) that he actually felt himself relax a little bit. Sherlock was here, after all. Sherlock was here, with him, right now. There was no warranty that the detective wouldn’t be neglecting their relationship the next time Lestrade came calling with a case; but what did it matter now? ‘Live the moment, Watson.’ Nobody can promise forever. But Sherlock could promise tonight- would that be enough? John inhaled and exhaled slowly, relishing the moment so close to the very alive, very warm body of his partner. It would be enough. This… this would always be enough.
“You look happy,” Sherlock remarks; his voice scratchy from the lack of use. It’s the first time John has heard it since this morning, and he shivers involuntarily.
Finally, when the tense muscles of Sherlock's shoulders slacked; finally, when the terrified cries turned into quiet sobs, Sherlock's voice reached his ears. John huffed in relief and forced a smile on his face when he looked at the bundle of detective attached to his side. Although Sherlock didn't look up to meet his gaze, John noticed that his eyes were no longer closed tightly, but open, red-brimmed and wet.
Something tingly and deep and basal, something irrational and stupid. The detective bit his lips in momentary feelings of a thing closely resembling guilt. Elaborate. a) John highly disregarded listening to conversations he intended to keep private, because John valued privacy. As a best friend, the social norm dictated to respect the things your friend values. Refutation: Sherlock Holmes was not one to care about social norms and John Watson was aware of it. b) Unsettling strong emotional reaction to his friend's slight display of passion and dominance. Elaborate. Collection of data to be postponed to a later point in time. Sherlock pulled a little at his curls to get his train of thoughts back on the right track.
Just like that, he knew. They were together now, finally. Not only physically but emotionally, as well. Just like that, he realized they’d make it. They always had. It would take time. But it would be worth it.
Later that day, John Watson congratulated himself on a job well done. Mycroft had left eventually, after filling all the blank spots in Sherlock’s memory. The more they reconstructed, the more at ease the younger brother seemed to become. Even the ice-man gingerly melted from time to time, when he retold a silly childhood story or shared a memory of their beloved grand-mére.
John could snort only at the thought. The damn man-child always had a sense for the over-dramatic. His fragile new life shattered at the first glimpse of that damn cocky grin; the first rumble of the unmistakably rich baritone tore the carefully stitched Sherlock-shaped wound in his heart right open. And there he was. His Sherlock had, miraculously, returned from the dead.
When they were off, John and Sherlock appeared to be alone in the room (save Donovan and Anderson lingering on the kitchen door nearby, probably waiting to get a glimpse of something they could gossip about).
“Just close your eyes” Sherlock shuffled a bit, that he was lying on his side, mindlessly slipped out of the soiled underwear and into his silky pajama bottoms (John looked the other way to give him some privacy. They weren’t quite at that point yet. Although it fueled some very
“I didn’t even kiss her goodnight. And we didn’t have a cuddle, because the case took up all of my time” He sighed, heavily.
The doctor felt moved by the affection hiding behind the statement, but wrinkled his nose at its self-depriving character. It wasn’t like the arrogant, brilliant genius he knew and.. “Nonsense” he mumbled, lifting Sherlock’s chin a little, to force the younger man to look at him. The expression in Sherlock’s eyes made his breath hitch a little and his brain go offline.
The only two attempts of relationships he had ever had ended exactly like this. After the second one, he had stopped trying. After all, he had never been the number one choice for anyone but… but although he… he always knew that it would end like that, he didn’t anticipate that it would end so soon.
John snorted unamused. “Don’t be sorry; he loves this” Greg gave a short chuckle in return. “As hell he does. And God knows we’re sometimes lost without him. But still, London won’t burn down if I refuse to give him a new case for two or three days”
But this? This was different. Purposeless. Sentiment. Vulnerable. Things which don’t suit Sherlock Holmes very well. Desperately, he tried to grasp onto the corners of his mind palace, the corners which were falling apart, getting blurry; he really tried to claw into information he had collected, facts that made him feel safe, but everything started to fade away into a black sea of memories and another powerful wave pushed him under. He felt his own limps shaking, and strangely detached from himself, and he sensation he experiences was very close to drowning, he was drowning inside of his own head. His heart was exploding inside of his chest and the burning sensation made him afraid that he was dying.
John hadn’t been moving for approximately 30 seconds and Sherlock was losing his mind. His heart was beating in his throat, and the patch of skin peeking out from his ridden up pajama top, where John’s palm rested, was burning. Everything was tingly. He never felt like this. He didn’t know how to work with this… sensations. All he knew, that he very embarrassingly longed for more. Everything John was willing to give him, he’d happily take at this point. If only his blogger would
Sherlock had developed a soft spot for the people surrounding him after Euros had happened. The changes were minimal, invisible for the unschooled eye- but John had become fluent in speaking Sherlock. It was almost as if the experience made him realize that he, in fact, wasn't so much of a sociopath as he would like to be. There were times where he looked almost lost- a complexion so un-Sherlock like that it genuinely hurt John to see his friend like that.
Greg was in high spirits- as vacations came seldom enough, and a vacation with his little family had never happened before- and whistled idly, while he set the turn signal and came to a halt at Baker Street. The weather was fantastic, which was rare in London, and he got all the supplies they would need: Tents, camping cookers, cutlery, blankets, sleeping bags, food, and dozens of other its and bits.
Finally, he took mercy and just as subtly placed a hand against Sherlock’s head; first only cradling the scalp, but increasingly scratching and tousling the surprisingly soft curls. Sherlock closed his eyes in bliss, exhaling with a sound which sounded like a mewl. At first, he did seem to care what the doctor thought of him, but the longer they sat there, the more relaxed his whole body felt. It was a warm tingle, starting at his fossils, gingerly moving up and down his limps, his spine, his neck. Had he known that it could feel this heavenly to be touched by John (not anyone,
John sighed happily, relaxing his muscles in his partner’s hold and letting his eyes slide closed. “Nature is doing you good.”
Sherlock turned, without another word and glance and left John standing there, feeling very much like an idiot. He groaned. Why nothing could ever easy with this madman? He left the little hallway with a heavy feeling in his guts, when he ran into a familiar face.
He took one step closer to the bed, approaching John with slow, controlled movements. Upon closer inspection, he realized John’s shirt was
Gently, he pushed the door open and stood in front of Sherlock. The younger man cast his eyes down to communicate his confusion about John's emotional state, before he fixated John's blue eyes with a gaze that asked the silent questions he had been asking countless times in the course of their friendship: 'Did I do wrong? Are you mad at me?'
“Oh, god.” John’s head tipped back, hitting the wall with a dull thud as Sherlock licked his way along the stubble of his jawline and found the lobe of his ear, biting down hard and eliciting a moan from John and a simultaneous jut of his hips. Sherlock answered back with a downward thrust of his own and the two of them groaned that the friction it created against their twin, aching and sudden erections.
Mycroft’s only response was to sigh and flourish the square package so that the plastic film reflected the light echoing off of the grand mirror in the front hall, temporarily blinding Sherlock’s vision.
Sherlock leaped into the air, landing softly on his right leg in a deep pilé. His left leg swept around to pull him into a tight spin, his eyes focusing on John as he whipped his head around to stay balanced. One second Sherlock was looking at the blonde tangles of John’s hair and the next, he was seeing those dark blue eyes hone in on his own. Sherlock swallowed hard, his mouth opening into a questioning ‘O’ of surprise. He watched John hesitate in response, the lines of his mouth going tight with barely suppressed emotion. The air hung heavy between them; John at his keys and Sherlock light on his feet as he danced, their eyes maintaining a fixed point of contact between them.
so maybe Sherlock had overlooked a few things in his assessment. He concluded that ignoring the man would be his best path forward, especially for his flagging concentration, and vowed to refocus himself on the work at hand and not the intriguing man at the piano bench in the back of the rehearsal room.
John smiled as the twelve dancers all kicked out to the side with their right legs, arms swaying up into the air as one. The movement was so iconic, so perfectly ingrained in the pop culture psyche of anyone who’d seen
At some point, they'd ended up deep underground in a dance club in the heart of the Meat Packing district. John could feel the weight of the humid air pressing in around him, the heat of the bodies on all sides and the endless rounds of shots the dancers provided blurring into a haze of laughter and reckless enjoyment. Sherlock had been amongst the group that night, his tall, brooding figure lurking at the corners of the crowd, surveying all but participating little. John had seen him, on the outskirts of the dancefloor, staring at him, studying him, his eyes wide and wanting, his gaze penetrating and needy. John smiled at him from across the dance floor, his easy manner and confidence compounded with the aid of the cheap whiskey swirling in his belly and he weaved his way towards him. If John were the prey, he was willingly submitting to his fate.
at him or waving her hands in a dramatic swoon, she raised her glass in salute and winked. Martha Hudson actually winked at him. John didn’t know what to make of it, he simply shook his head and kissed the beloved old bat on the cheek before walking around the breakfast bar to start coffee. Mrs H was already two sips into her first gin and tonic of the day, but John couldn’t remain standing for one more minute without the aid of caffeine in his veins. He yawned as he filled up the kettle and added beans to the grinder installed in the pantry.
The only thing he was certain of during those early autumn weeks of blurred rehearsal schedules and sleepless nights was the need to figure out why Irene, who at the best of times spoke a total of ten words to him a day, was so insistent on being his constant companion. He hadn't minded at first, ignorantly assuming she was allowing him the solitude he so eagerly cultivated around himself but the charade had long lost its novelty. Sherlock had run out of patience when it came to her simpering smiles for the cameras and her cunning ability to both be present in his life and yet completely inconsequential to anything and everything to do with him.
“Your turn,” Sherlock said, voice overly eager. He smiled as he spoke the words against John’s lips, and felt John’s laughter puff out against his face in response.
The scrape of wooden chair legs on the ancient marble floor echoed throughout the grand space. Sherlock tossed his napkin to the table in a defiant display that did not please his mother.
He needn’t have bothered wondering for she soon set her sights on him, only to be utterly disappointed when he revealed himself as being both uninterested in her advances and unflappable to her keen, cunning nature. Sherlock hadn’t meant for this to endear himself to her, but apparently, it had, and he went from being alone every class to having his own shadow at the barre and a new adagio partner during floor work. He allowed for this development because they were well suited for each other, aesthetically speaking. They both possessed the same shade of milky-white alabaster skin which turned to an ethereal blue glow under the stage lights, and they had the same, startling dark color of inky, auburn hair, creating a pleasing contrast of preternatural appeal.
It was a moan, and a plea all at once. John could hear the worry hidden in that single word and pulled back to stare at Sherlock in the dark room, the sharp angles of his fascinating face lit only by the dull glow of the street lamps spilling in from just outside the far windows.
In Sherlock’s study of John, he found that the man could charm anyone around him. The women, mostly, but the men too. He chatted with anyone and everyone and more than once came away with a new phone number plugged into his mobile or plans to meet up with someone after the end of the workday for tea or happy hour. It was maddening to watch him act so resigned and free with the others, all the while freezing up whenever he spotted Sherlock’s eyes on him in the mirrors. Why was John so stoic around him? It wasn’t like Sherlock would bite . . . much.
The studio lights flicked on slowly, blinking and clamoring to life as he entered and placed his pack and thermos at the foot of the piano in his favorite room on the top floor of the company’s headquarters. The windows up here were large and arched, taking up massive spaces along the front and back walls, creating large pools of glorious light that reached across the floor and warmed his bone-weary toes.
if I get myself tangled in any sort of relationship, no matter how unlikely of a scenario that is, and will threaten me with deportation and removal of my work visa if I don’t ‘keep it in my pants’ and ‘play the good little ballerina in perfectly white virgin tights?’”
John jogged down the hallway towards the second-floor rehearsal rooms just in time to see the dancers collectively exiting the doors of 2B. He skidded to a halt at the sight and heaved out a disappointed gust of air from his lungs that almost sounded like longing.
His mother was standing behind him, her leather gloves draped in one, slender hand with elegant poise. She arched a delicate eyebrow at her son and pursed her bow-red lips in question. Sherlocked smiled. “Nothing. Just an observation.”
The elegant man stepped back and with a cheeky, yet graceful, bow welcomed John into what would become his new home. John eyed him with speculation, feeling more jittery by the second. He put down the crates of sheet music before he dropped them once inside the door, not trusting his grip. Mrs H had mentioned nothing about Sherlock living with her, or really anything about her place of residence other than that it was large, old, and had plenty of guestrooms and that John should move in as soon as he could pack his things.
Molly looked up again, her expression genuine as she drew her brows together in thought. “He was gone before I got up. There was a note on the counter that read ‘thanks’ and a pot of coffee resting on the hob. I thought that was rather nice of him, actually, but I haven’t seen him since. Not until this morning’s class.”
He stalked towards John on solid, strong, decided legs, his head tilted back just so on his neck—cock-sure and brazen, his hips jutting forward with the hormone-filled swagger of every Romeo that came before him. Reaching his prize seated at the piano, he leaned down, crowding into John’s space, and brushed the tip of his nose against the sensitive skin just behind John’s ear, following with his lips, slicked wet with his tongue. He made sure to position his body to face downstage so that the entire audience could see his lust for John spilling out of every butterfly kiss he placed on his skin, every nuzzle of cheek, every brush of lips. He made sure they could see the long swipe of his tongue as he licked the shell of John’s ear and trailed his hands through his riotous blonde tangles. He wanted them all to know, to witness what they couldn’t have, what Sherlock was claiming as his own for once and for all.
Realisation hitting home, Sherlock’s eyes bulged in alarm and he shot up off the rug, willing his legs into a standing position. How on earth had he slept that long? And where the hell was Mrs H? Surely she should be bustling about the house with Billie Holiday crooning in the background as she placed fresh bundles of peonies in every available vase, champagne bottles to cool in the wine fridge, and had platters of hot-from-the-oven bagels delivered fresh from the bakery to their doorstep for an indulgent, carb-filled breakfast neither of them could resist. Yet, none of that was happening around him. The only chaos Sherlock saw in the room was, in fact, atop John’s precious head.
for their recruits. The paces Mr Baynes took the company through were brutal, even to Sherlock, who relished the burn in his muscles after a vigorous day in the studio but was finding that even his body (annoyingly) had limits.
John’s head turned back towards Sherlock in the doorway, pulled away from the rapid beating of his pulse and the embarrassment he felt at being so obvious. “What?”
Molly nodded. “Well, you know. Dancers.” She waved her hand in the general direction of the entrance as if that explained everything and then her brows furrowed at Sherlock’s state beside them. John was bodily holding him upright and it was a near thing at that.
John paused on the landing to find Mrs H standing just inside the sliding doors she’d escaped to earlier in the day. “Oh, hi.”
“Hudders thought you’d want to practice your music while here,” Sherlock drawled when he saw the look of amazement on John’s face. John was so taken with the piano, he let the slightly disturbing endearment of
who balled in the morning in the evenings in rosegardens and the grass of public parks and cemeteries scattering their semen freely to whomever come who may,
The rest of their castmates had filed in next to them by then and, oblivious to Sherlock’s revelation, brought an end to their candid conversation. Two rows of professional dancers costumed as teenage rebels in tight white t-shirts, skinny blue jeans and converse sneakers, stood side by side with their backs straight and their heads high. They were ready for the final battle to commence. The humidity emanating from their warm bodies weighed heavy in the air, mingling with the anticipation of the soon-to-be-completed performance. It was a heady feeling, one that did not go amiss by anyone standing in the wings. Sherlock wondered if John could feel the shock of electricity that rippled past them all, a collective spasm of kinetic energy ready to take off.
John’s warm presence left his side once they reached the seats at the bottom of the theatre’s orchestra section. He stepped away from him without so much as a nod of acknowledgment. Sherlock fought back a whimper of pain at the sight of those beautiful, blonde tangles atop John’s head moving farther and farther from him. There was no sly smile being thrown over his shoulder or a cheeky wink aimed in Sherlock’s direction, just the defiant posture of John’s body, the message of stay away being broadcasted loud and clear in the fierce line of his jaw and the tight clench of his hands.
“Did you sleep in the hammock again?” Sherlock asked from his reclined position on the hearth carpet, his voice a scratchy rasp of amusement. His reality had yet to right itself and he found himself smiling at the utter chaos of John’s hair, and the red, rope marks on his cheek, indicating that he’d laid on his left-hand side, facing the garden.
Sobering at the thought of Sherlock having taken something, or worse, someone having targeted him with a spiked drink, John immediately started to part the crowd, bringing Sherlock with him.
John could feel the knee of Sherlock’s right leg pressed close to the outside of his trousers and the hand lying limp at his side shifted without permission, his index finger moving across the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s low inner thigh. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat and his eyes focused on that singular point of contact, his mouth open, his lips wet.
Sherlock didn't miss a beat. “They only seem that way because of your pitiful perspective on the world. It must be a chore to be so short all the time.”
Sherlock didn’t even look at him as he stood and walked out the studio door, ignoring John altogether. Shocked and a bit offended, John walked over to Molly at the back of the studio who was sewing up ribbons onto a new pair of pointe shoes.
John’s lips pulled into a tight line. However, this time, he was holding in joy, not anger. He looked up at Sherlock from under the mess of his impossible hair, and Sherlock grinned.
The name was a warning, but rather than trigger caution within him, all it did was make his skin prickle with alert attention, his heart rate spiking at the implications in the edge of John’s voice.
Sherlock’s voice was firm, his large, warm hands holding John steady beneath him, willing him to see how much he wanted this, how much he needed this. The humor died on John’s lips and he licked them, his eyes darkening with anticipation. “Okay.”
Minutes passed with nothing. No further demands, no further thudding, and then suddenly, a resounding slam of piano keys cut through the quiet of the house. Sherlock jolted, standing instantly from his bed and striding to the door to rip it open.
Listen, guys, I haven't written a lemon (do we even still call it a lemon?) in literally over five years. I was like 25 and probably drunk the last time I attempted putting sexual times down on paper. So I hope beyond hope that this was satisfactory to y'all and that I did these boys justice with their first foray into the intimate side of their relationship.
(Side note: Mikhail Baryshnikov is another famous (equally as famous) Russian Ballet dancer who defected to the West and became an international dancing star. He's starred in many films, became the artistic director of ABT, created The White Oak Dance Project, and now works out of studio space in Hell's Kitchen in NYC, helping to cultivate young artists and their creations. His nickname is Misha, I've had a crush on him since the age of 12, and he's glorious.)
Behind him, a floorboard creaked. John’s playing came up short and a stilted trill hiccuped through the piano. He opened his eyes and stared at the wood beneath him, the gold leaf wording of
Sherlock’s head tilted down as John’s tilted up and lips met lips and tongues met tongues in a cascade of overwhelming, mutual want. The kiss was the culmination of an endless stream of reckless emotion that had built up and percolated over the simmering heat of the summer and now overflowed onto the floor of the studio and lapped at their ankles like gentle waves in a tidepool.
They kissed, decision made, and Sherlock grinned in triumph, wanting to take his time with this new avenue of exploration. He made his way down past the soft cotton of John’s shirt towards the open flies of John’s trousers, hot mouth breathing over the fabric in a tease. He was determined to make this good for John, to make him want more than just one night. John had commented on Sherlock’s skill when it came to kissing, and there was no reason that same logic couldn’t be applied to this situation with a bit of focus and concentration.
John nearly toppled on the bench with the sudden loss of Sherlock’s hand on the back of his head and the abrupt departure of his warm presence. He gulped in air and scrubbed his hands over his face, wondering if he hadn’t hallucinated the entire scene that had just played out before him like some bizarre form of power-driven foreplay.
“Excuse me?” John stepped back and placed his hands on his hips. “I somehow managed to fuck up your life by existing?”
John went to slide open the music room’s door just as Mrs Hudson can bustling down the hallway with a full sterling silver tea service, replete with freshly imported digestives. Sherlock could see Mycroft salivate at the sight of the hobnobs displayed elegantly along the tray. John, however, was less than pleased at their landlady’s timely appearance.
“Thank you,” he mumbled as he took his first sip. The coffee was hot and fragrant with the flavors of berry and caramel and nutmeg. He hummed his appreciation and sat heavily in the chair in front of him, his leg giving out on him, demanding reprieve.
John shut the door after grabbing the neck of one fan and turned to thank Sherlock for showing him and for his civility but when John had looked back at the doorway, John found it empty, and the door closed. Sherlock had gone.
was the most brilliant part of his week. The shining light at the end of the endlessly dark tunnel of frustration he had been living in and the only true joy he’d found in New York since that ridiculous disaster of a club night he’d spent with the company. That awful night which had given him a taste of everything he’d wanted on a silver platter and simultaneously ripped it out from underneath him, leaving him to fall face first into the theoretical grim-covered floor.
John’s peace did not last. Sherlock walked through the solarium doors not a moment later, violin in hand, spotted John on the hammock and did an abrupt about-face, heading back from whence he came. Mrs H halted him before he could fully retreat into the shadows and Sherlock scowled at her.
At nineteen, freshly promoted to The Royal Ballet’s roster of soloist company members and brimming with pride over being cast in his first productions of Giselle and Le Corsaire, Sherlock met Irene Adler. A graduate of the Vaganova School in St. Petersburg and subsequent soloist at The Kirov, she had eagerly left Russia for a more temperate climate. She was a brash and beautiful woman who was unapologetic about being herself, no matter the situation. Sherlock liked her immediately, though he didn’t say as much. She was a fascinating subject to study in class, and he enjoyed seeing her use their fellow company members as playthings. She could bring the prima ballerina to her knees with one look and simultaneously have the ballet master wrapped around her little finger with unfailing ease. Sherlock pondered at how a person who seemed to rather dislike people as a whole could bend them to her will with such dominating abilities.
“Mycroft, are you sure I can’t convince you to come back to Sussex with me? Your father misses you.”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at Sherlock’s sass but nodded just the same before attempting another sip of his now tepid tea, crossed legs clear out of the way of his brother's under the small table.
She kept her head held high and her eyes cutting as she started down her son, her thin fingers wrapping themselves around his palm in a fierce grip. “I love you."
I was hoping to update this on my birthday, but alas, the day after will have to suffice. I hope you enjoy! Seriously, I do, because I was somewhat daunted by posting this *kind* of chapter, if you get me. *wink wink*
The love affair of celebrity and success the two of them experienced over the following years consumed Sherlock in a way he hadn’t been prepared for. Suddenly, he was known. People took photos of him on the street as he entered and exited the company’s doors, he was written up in every glossy magazine one could think of with Irene constantly by his side. He always looked brooding, and she always beamed. It began to itch at Sherlock’s skin, this odd sense that something was amiss. He didn’t like being utilized as an accessory to Irene’s daily ensemble, no, but there was something else lurking in those shiny tabloid images, something very telling in Irene’s blood red smile.
