I wanted to make Mary someone we can empathize with although we're rooting for Sherlock and Watson. Don't worry, this isn't the last we'll see her. And maybe I've been listening to too much Melanie Martinez.
If there were ever a worse time for John to remember Mary, it’s right now. Cerulean eyes meet bourbon ones as the weight of the situation comes down on him.
Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise but they are all pupil. He laves an expert tongue across his abused lips while his eyes refocus on Watson’s cock. Watson watches his Adam’s apple bounce when he swallows before he replies, “Y-yes Sir.”
And what would he want from these places? If he’s not stealing or buying anything, then why break in? Is he searching for something? Someone, perhaps?
“This is important, Watson,” Sherlock says, but he sounds more than a little exasperated. “It is our responsibility to see to it that it is successful like we attempt to do with every case. I am just utilizing every advantage I have at my disposal, as I should. If I could walk in and sweep him off his feet with my flirting alone, I would wear a habit there, trust me.”
Watson tilts Sherlock’s chin up so their lips are level. “You are simply exceptional. I promise not to leave again,” he whispers. “The only thing that would ever make me even consider changing my mind, is if you changed yours.” His eyes glow with such veracity that Sherlock forgets how to breathe. There is no going back for either of them now.
After what feels like an eternity, the red-headed one holds up a timepiece. “Does this look familiar to you?”
Watson’s poring over the notes he captured from the crime scene today. A very messy break in. Not something they’d expect from the omega serial killer suspect John Doe; his homicide scenes, in contrast, were much cleaner. Less...amateur.
The red-headed constable looks away, tries to look at anything else besides Sherlock's mother’s face. While the one with the pout stares right through them, his expression is distant. They have more to say, Sherlock can tell, and it isn’t going to be good news.
When they’re finished, both satisfied and panting, Sherlock asks him, “Does it feel like home again?” And Watson, bless him, says with candor, “
But what greets him is a haunting, deafening silence. Sherlock curls in on himself, feeling the tears prickle his vision. This is it then, Watson’s gone. It’s what needed to happen, so why does he feel so awful?  “You deserve a happy marriage,” he whispers and pretends as if he can’t hear his heart breaking in the quiet.
How are you all liking the story so far? Feel free to leave me a message in the comments. If you'd like, of course. I am so delighted by the support this fic has received.
It isn’t long as he’s looking all around when he sees the lilac silk of her skirts and he feels relief course through him, he pushes past people and races to catch up to her. But as soon as he is so close to touching her shoulder, she makes a turn and disappears again.
Sherlock opens his mouth to retort but seems to think better of it. Burning shame rises up within Watson but he’s absolutely sure the feeling is all his own.
He stops himself just in time. He doesn’t want to get all possessive with Sherlock, and resort to those base instincts. He’s better than that. Sherlock deserves a mate he can feel safe with, a mate he can trust, and a mate who, in turn, trusts him.
Despite his efforts, Sherlock feels it coming, with all the force of a train. He cries out Watson’s name, hole clenching tight as it tries to coax Watson’s knot to pop. And all he manages to do is grin before his orgasm crashes over him, leaving him boneless. He delights when the alpha’s sharp teeth sink into the smooth flesh of his neck - there is no pain, just mind-blowing sensation.
Before he can ponder any further, an Alpha, a rather large man with a beard, approaches the boy. Watson waits, wondering if he ought to intervene, when he sees the lad nod his head and the man, giving him a lecherous smile, leans in closer before placing a hand on his shoulder.
The familiar voice startles the alphas. They sneer at him, but they let go, pick alpha number three off the ground and fade into the darkness with their last ominous warning being “This ain’t the last you’ll see of us.”
I want to thank my betas Abel and HaleyD95 for the amazing help on this chapter! You guys are so awesome and I don't know what I would do without you. :D
. So he taps the lad’s shoulder and gestures for him to move the covers from around his waist. And Sherlock, ever the obedient one, does as he’s told. Practically throwing the sheets to the side to reveal his lower half. And it is a sight, his flushed dick is bobbing between his knees, aching to be touched while his hole is basically twitching, oozing so much slick it’s practically wetting the backs of his thighs. Watson feels his knot begin to swell just at the sight but he can’t have that.
The words tumble past his lips effortlessly; he can’t stop them. “I love you, Watson. I’m yours. I’ll give you anything you want. Please, just please don’t leave again.” He doesn’t care how desperate he sounds, it’s the truth. It’s always been.
. Sherlock’s looking up at him from beneath his lashes, wide brown eyes getting impossibly darker as he takes in the heady smell of Watson’s alpha scent with every breath.
, Watson’s brain reminds him.  “you’d be better off finding someone who can actually give you the love you deserve. He’ll also hurt you, sooner or later, he will.”
Thank you guys so, so much for reading and being a very special part of this journey. I fiercely appreciate it!
Sherlock does as he says. The water is warm, cool enough to be shocking, but hot enough to soothe his sore muscles as he lowers himself into the amazing depths.
Watson wants to tell Sherlock that he can go anytime, that if he’s unsure or he’s having second thoughts he’s free to leave. His hindbrain barks at him that such a notion is ridiculous. It was torture leading Sherlock to the carriage. With every step they took Watson could swear the boy was emitting more and more of that indescribable scent. The drive to the lodging was completely, unbearably exhilarating with the ache in Watson’s pants taking every opportunity to make itself known. Giving up now, after surviving all of that, would make his torture pointless.
“And it is too late for me to change my mind,” Sherlock informs them, though it sounds as if he already has.
After a beat he realizes that it must be Watson that is feeling anxious and without even having to think about it, he rises to his feet, his bowl of soup already forgotten.
“I’m not sure.” Of course, Sherlock senses Watson’s despair and reaches up to touch him on the shoulder.
“At this time of night? Have you lost your senses? And you haven’t finished your supper. Are you feeling alright? Are you coming down with something?” His mother is suddenly everywhere at once, poking and prodding him, forcing him to slowly back away just so he can get some space.
Watson cannot find the words to speak. Mary, once again, glances between the two of them. “How?” She questions.
If someone had asked him a few days ago if he loved his fiancée, the reply would be an automatic “yes.” It didn’t have to be the truth, just as “I’m fine” didn’t have to be the truth when someone asked how you were doing. It was a socially conventional response and Watson was aware of that. It didn’t matter how he felt, all that mattered was that Mary was happy and no one suspected a thing.
“What did she mean exactly by her not being meant for marriage?” Sherlock searches Watson’s eyes for any of the lingering depression and he does find some but not enough to dissuade him.
Hope you all enjoyed it! More to come soon! And there will be more porn, but there will be plot too. ;)
Watson paces across the floor of the foyer, losing track of the number of times he’s done this already.
And it's as if someone shot him in the gut. Sherlock’s mother doesn’t stop screaming. The pain does not subside.
. Certainly, he may not know what exactly he has gotten himself into but he does know that if it makes him feel this
The lad fights some more before he suddenly goes stiff in Watson’s arms. He screams into Watson’s shoulder before he is assaulted by wracking sobs. The doctor’s arms wrap even tighter around him and he lets Sherlock weep.
“This one will be perfect for the boss, don’t ya think?” Alpha number one tells alpha number two while alpha number three is still on the ground grunting in pain from Sherlock kicking him in the throat.
Watson turns to the boy and as the scent assaults him again, he helplessly watches the lad’s fever flushed skin brighten to an even darker scarlet and tries to tame the Alpha instincts flaring up within him.
A hand rests on the small of his back, strong but gentle as Watson’s heated breath caresses his ear. “Relax, Holmes. I’ve got you,” the alpha assures, kissing him tenderly on the lips. Something blunt presses against his rim and he wills himself to breathe.
Sherlock meets Irene Adler, another Alpha, the first one he officially knows other than Watson, at school.
Sherlock’s mouth falls open and he gapes at Watson like a fish. “You definitely are!” He inches nearer to his mate and holds Watson close to him. Peering straight into his alpha’s gaze, Sherlock says, “I won’t let him get as far as he expects. Besides, the whole time I will be thinking of nothing else but returning to you.”
And then it’s as if all time stands still. He’s waiting...but it never comes. “What on earth is going on here?”
Watson feels himself crossing the point of no return. He had always thought it rather careless of Alphas and Omegas to mate with no caution, no fear of the future, without any self-control. But now he realizes that it isn’t something that can be judged so easily, it isn’t simple. For now, it physically hurts him to be standing so far from the lad, and he knows it will hurt worse if Sherlock were to leave and never return. A small part of him knows this is dangerous, the mere fact that he can’t walk away now should mean something, but he doesn’t care for any of that. He wants this because he needs this, and everything else be damned. If there are consequences, he’ll deal with them later. For now, all that matters is them.
Despite himself, Watson grumbles in annoyance, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Of all the times to take Lestrade seriously, why now, hmm? Suddenly, now you trust his judgment? Or is it simply the call of danger you cannot resist?” It comes off more scathing than he means it to.
Fair warning: this chapter gets a little sad, but it's not for shock/wow value, some things are hard to write about, but necessary. If this isn't your cup of tea, then please feel free to skip this chapter. I understand. I will update the tags if it gets too trigger-y.  But if you want to stay, then stick around, by all means. Get comfy. :D
But Sherlock’s own dulce one is intertwining with his dangerously, along with the post-coital aroma lingering in the room from last night. He can practically almost taste it, the salty sweet caramel-like consistency that’s keeping him on edge. He can’t quite get himself off but neither can he stay this hard forever. It’s fucking intoxicating, and cruel. And Sherlock can probably sense this too, but he’s quiet, as if he can do this all day with no complaint, just ghosting his breath over Watson’s dick, driving him mad, until either of them does something about it.
As if possessed by a spirit, the omega flips himself around, pressing his face into a pillow, he raises his arse for Watson’s view. He’s presenting, he’s never done this before but he doesn’t feel the need to be shy. As Watson lets out a satisfied growl and clutches his arse again, Sherlock feels emboldened.
And thank you so much for all for the kudos/hits/bookmarks/everything! I appreciate it immensely! I am eternally grateful and indebted to you all for helping to make this experience an awesome one.
Watson’s nostrils flare and the salty, wonderful scent of the sea gets stronger. “I don’t want to be with her.”
all of Sherlock, and his mind, clinging to rationality, finally loses its battle against his body, because the boy is panting again, as if he’s run the whole of Trafalgar Square. Watson can’t help but bury his nose in the warm skin of Sherlock’s exposed throat, letting the deliciously sweet scent envelope him again.
The feeling is short-lived because almost as soon as his dick earns its freedom and Sherlock is basking in the sight of it, he gets a flash of an impish grin before a soft but firm hand wraps around him and is tugging gently.  Sherlock gives him one last evil look before he guides the pulsing head to his mouth, giving it a teasing kiss and wiping precome onto his now glistening lips. Watson shudders, trying his best to stay still, if he moves and does what he wants, this will be over way too quickly. Sherlock seems to sense what Watson is doing and as a reward, Watson’s cock is met with the burning warmth of a slick tongue licking a stripe from the base to the tip. And the sound Watson makes is absolutely guttural.
He tries to articulate this to Sherlock but before he can make a mad dash to the door, his mate is there. Looking every bit as confused as ever, Sherlock approaches him carefully, aiming to soothe his concerned alpha. He places his head on Watson’s unsteady chest, listening to his alpha’s thundering heartbeat.
He doesn’t wait for one of the maids or manservants to get it, he just runs downstairs and throws the door open. But what greets him isn’t his brother’s smiling face; there are two constables.
He kisses a line down Sherlock’s spine, even pressing his lips to the lad’s bound wrists before placing a chaste kiss to each arse cheek. Then it’s his turn to get on his knees, he rubs the velvet soft head of his cock against the plush globes of Sherlock's arse, leaving glistening beads of precome in its trail, before aligning with Sherlock's hole. He slowly thrusts into the amazing heat that is Sherlock’s passage. He steadies himself until he’s up the hilt, gripping Sherlock’s hands he presses them down so that the satin of the shirt bites into the lad’s wrists. Knowing they’ll leave marks.
Watson’s hand rises to Sherlock’s throat and he holds the omega down, thrusting harder as Sherlock cries out again. “Getting to fuck you whenever I want because you don’t belong to anyone else.” His voice is losing its control as he succumbs to the rut dominating his being.
The pace is slow, but steady. Sherlock can’t think of anything but the feeling of being so full with Watson, so full it’s like he can feel him
He wonders if the whole of London can smell the boy, if Alphas everywhere are gathering around, following the smell and waiting to lure him to some secluded, abandoned place to just
He goes over to hug her, getting his long arms to wrap around her tiny waist easily.  She pats him on the head. “Be safe.” She cautions and he smirks, “Will do, ma’am.” Before walking over to the window and climbing out.
The lad nods his head in the negative, shaking his dark locks in the process, “I’m home-schooled. And my governess is a beta. My parents don’t allow her to teach me about biology. They say it isn’t appropriate for a boy my age to know of such things. They fear I’ll-I’ll go out in search of a mate and that I’ll focus too much on my body like those Omegas you see on the streets and in br-brothels. They want me to grow up with morals and ethics and all that rot.”
As he turns to go fetch his coat, he almost collides with his mother who is standing at the foot of the stairs, watching him with concern in her hazel eyes. “Wherever are you going?” She inquires, a flash of suspicion darkening her tone.
And to everyone, I do read your emails and comments and I read every email notif I get no matter what. I just don't always have the time to respond or have much of an online presence.
And there’s something to be said about Watson’s patience, Sherlock can tell by the spike in his scent that Watson wants to knot him. It’s probably all he’s been thinking about with his rut, but the alpha is perfectly still.
“Your disquietude made me come over to see if you were alright. I felt it - the pull. I had to defend my Alpha.” Sherlock says, nuzzling his face in Watson’s dress shirt. “From whatever it was that was causing unrest.”
“Your eyes, their focus is unshakable, almost like a detective’s. You are the only man in here with incredible concentration despite being surrounded by copious amounts of alcohol and drunkards, and I linked that with your profession. After all, a doctor can’t help being cautious and alert, especially one that’s served in the military.” Watson gawps at that and Sherlock continues, “I haven’t failed to notice the ring on your finger either. You ask me about my parents, what of your fiancée? She must be terribly indulgent to allow you here of all places to drink, or does she not know? I’m assuming you’re here because you’re having cold feet. Marriage they say is not for the faint of heart.”
“There were some ruffians.” Mary mutters, staring at Sherlock as if he is just going to spill all of the details if she stares at him long enough.
It breaks Watson from his train of thought, but he doesn’t seamlessly recover so there’s just an awkward, uncomfortable silence. As it gets more quiet and only more uncomfortable with Sherlock waiting, expectantly, for him to catch up. Why he’s even convinced at this point that Watson still has any ounce of functioning brain power left to discuss the details of the case is beyond Watson entirely.
Their lips meet again and it’s paradise, Watson gets so wrapped up in Sherlock that he doesn’t realize that the lad’s slowly undressing before him until the rosy peak of a nipple comes into his view and he latches onto it, causing Sherlock to cry out.
Watson places a soft kiss to the palm of Sherlock’s hand. “I just don’t want you to get hurt. I don’t know what I’d do with myself if anything happened to you.”
I want to thank Kate and RD who are new to the armada, but are great beta readers all the same. And most importantly I want to thank you all for the kudos/subscriptions/bookmarks/hits/comments everything! You guys absolutely rock!
Watson doesn’t waste any time - he crowds Sherlock until he has him braced against a wall, pausing to lock the door , he gives the omega a ravenous glance before he’s placing smoldering kisses across Sherlock’s soft throat. The omega’s vision is blurring; he can feel his mind reverting to its primitive nature. He wants to submit to Watson, surrender his entire being to the alpha, and the urge is near violent.
"My poor body...requires it; I am driven on by the flesh, and he must needs go that the devil drives."
He knows that Mary isn’t at 221B Baker street at this moment as she went to the country to visit her Uncle and right now he couldn’t be happier for the fact, though he means every word, he isn’t going to fuck Sherlock and if this doesn’t score him extra points on the saint meter, then the whole world can be lit on fire because he is. Not. Going. To. Fuck. Sherlock.
And most importantly, I want to thank you all for reading and just giving support to this fic. Twink!Omega! Sherlock is one of my weaknesses. :)
The Omega gapes at Watson in disbelief, before saying with great admiration and some dubiousness dripping from his words. “You’re crazy.”
Perhaps, if he spared her more than a minute’s attention, if he listened to her, he would probably catch the little tidbits of personal information she would sometimes say. Then again, the thought of filtering through her near constant lament on him being the worst tenant imaginable just to see if she’ll say something worth hearing is simply frightening. He’d be sure to die of boredom.
Sherlock is sitting at the table, eating breakfast with his father while his mother talks to Gertrude somewhere in the house. He’s only mildly listening, but he can tell that there’s something different in the way that his father talks to him now that he knows Sherlock’s mated (even though he doesn’t know the person’s identity), there’s more respect there, less condescension. Although, he assumes his father never meant to sound patronizing before, it’s still a lovely change.
Sherlock grins and levels his lips with Watson’s. Before leaning into the kiss, he whispers, “All the time. But like my love for you, dearest one, my persistence knows no bounds.”
After sucking a bruising mark to Sherlock’s beautiful, smooth chest, Watson works his way down, placing burning kisses on every inch of exposed skin his lips can find until he reaches the junction between Sherlock’s thighs. His breath ghosts over the bulging member and the lad shudders. It’s a mouthwatering sight, watching Sherlock come undone; it makes Watson want more, to see that innocent face beg him to do filthy things to that untouched body.
“Where’s Mary? Why aren’t you with her?” The words tumble out on their own accord before he can even think about posing his questions tactfully.
“If a man is not rising upwards to be an angel, depend upon it, he is sinking downwards to be a devil.”
Wrapping a comforting arm around Sherlock to drag him away from the eager beta, Watson sighs. “You’ve apparently never courted Holmes.”
To anyone, watching London come alive is something special. To Sherlock Holmes, locking himself away in his study and refusing to come out until the sun disappears is just as special.
In a ragged, breathless voice, Sherlock softly whispers, “I haven’t tempted you into doing anything you didn’t already want to, doctor. You can still walk away now.” John thinks of Mary for a second, wonders what she'd say if she found out. Perhaps it would be better for him if he ignores this little temptation and he just carries on walking home. But then his hindbrain informs him that this opportunity to have a gasping, sweet smelling, writhing Omega in his grasp is rare. Frustrated, he sighs; a warm gust of air in the cool London night.
“I shall never see him again. Except in my nightmares and even then it is not an image I wish to keep of him.” He says before returning to his litany of “they took him, they took him.”
Sherlock turns to call his father but as soon as he turns his back to the constables, his mother is there. “To what do we owe the pleasure of this visit?” She quips.
He spasms against Watson, hips rising to meet the alpha’s and get even more friction until he’s flinching from overstimulation. His neglected hole keeps twitching hungrily around nothing, producing more hot slick that sticks to his skin and makes the whole room smell sweetly of vanilla.
He’s eighteen now and old enough to be living on his own, but with the rising crime and the rate of adolescents going missing, his parents are, understandably, anxious about sending him anywhere alone.
But Watson is no longer listening, he’s too busy glaring at the devious, wicked trickster standing before him who has suddenly replaced his mate right before his very eyes. Tempting and effervescent,
Sherlock buries his head in the junction where Watson’s neck meets his shoulder and inhales his mate’s scent. It’s enough to comfort his shot nerves and eases some of the agitation from this seemingly never-ending day’s events. Lying on their bed, in their night clothes, Sherlock and Watson attempt to wind down for the evening.
They’ve never gone this far before, touching like this, but by the soft mewls Sherlock’s making and the way his eyes are closed so tightly as he’s clinging to Watson for dear life, he doesn’t seem to be complaining.
“Well, if you sit with me and my mates, I guarantee you not a soul will touch a hair on that head of yours.”
Watson feels Sherlock’s soft lips press against his and his brain short circuits. The kiss is chaste, but he finds himself pulling the lad closer all the same.  Tongues soon meet and bodies press ever closer and soon much is forgotten, all Watson can hear and think about are the whimpers and moans Sherlock is making below him, the way the slim fingers are clasping his shirt and the glorious feeling of ravishing Sherlock’s innocent mouth.
He goes to make tea to calm his still shot nerves. Time passes and though it seems to be dragging in lulls, with which he usually combats the resulting boredom by reading a book or studying, he finds the torrential panic seeping into his bones and making attempts to concentrate on anything else but bothersome, irrational thoughts, futile.
The Alpha in him wants to throw the Omega over his shoulder like a barbarian and cart him off to somewhere private, somewhere they wouldn't be disturbed, but rationality sits there like a weight in his chest, making him halt immediately.
Pushing the notes aside, and leaning back in his chair as far as it’ll go, he tries to flex his aching muscles. He’s curious to know what Sherlock makes of all this. If their theories align or if his brilliant mate’s figured out an entirely different angle that he has probably missed. It’s likely to be the latter, and Watson knows he’s not going to be able to hide how proud and in awe he’ll look when Sherlock shares his thoughts.
“My name’s Sherlock.” He smiles, and those eyes that are all pupil, flash at him wickedly.  There’s a layer of confidence that certainly wasn’t there before, dripping from every word.
“Holmes, love, you know you don’t have any obligation to go through with tomorrow,” Watson tells him, rubbing a soothing hand across his back.
They were one of the rare ones. An alpha and omega who had bonded without an official claiming. Sherlock wanted to be ready. And Watson would never even begin to think of rushing him. Buggar what his alpha instincts had to say.
You go Watson! Go get Sherlock! Also, I know I made Irene totally very un-alpha in this chapter, but I swear she's very much the dominant one in her relationship with Mary, while Mary is the wise one. They make a good pair, or I like to think so. :) Anywho, thanks for reading and I'll see you in the next chapter. Love you guys loads!
Grinding down roughly, Watson watches as Sherlock lets out a needy whine before covering his mouth with his again. Tongue breaching Sherlock’s parted lips, he teases more breathless moans from him while rocking his hips. He seems determined to reduce Sherlock to nothing but a whimpering, begging omega.
He truly feels wonderful, but there’s this horrible, dark twinge of remorse coloring his perfect picture of peace – the regret he can’t quite shake. As much as Sherlock loves Watson, Watson doesn’t belong to him. He belongs to
Alphas get jealous and though Watson is nothing if not caring and sweet, Sherlock doesn’t want to test the waters. He doesn’t want Watson knowing about Irene because chances are that even if he were understanding of their affiliation, he wouldn’t quite like Sherlock conversing with someone as (his parents would say if they found out as well) ‘boorish’ as she.
Watson’s frown deepens. “Never mind talk of murder or inserting yourself in a dangerous circumstance where the odds of you surviving are highly unlikely. Naturally, it takes the mention of putting on a flirtatious act for you to be concerned.”
“How did this happen?” Watson asks, more to Sherlock than anyone else, but his father answers: “We caught him trying to sneak out.” He says unimpressed.
For anyone wondering, the quotes I use may not make sense in the context of the story or even within the chapters themselves, but this is because I'm trying to follow a certain theme and sometimes I'm a bit random.
Besides, it isn’t like he needs Watson to survive anymore, he’s been taking his suppressants faithfully. Sure, he’s been getting them by unsanctioned means, but at least he’s on them. It’s not a big step, but it’s a step.
I love the theme of innocence vs. temptation and thus you'll find many of the quotes I choose have that theme. If you, in any way, find this offensive, please do not read them.
Sherlock is rubbing his wrists and his shoulders, both bruised red now by the harsh grip of the brutes. When he looks up, Mary is running towards him. “Are you alright?”
"So what should I address you as, Sir?” Watson says, changing the subject. “I like to know what all of my client’s names are. It makes the relationship between doctor and patient more personal.”
Still, he feels a little cheated. Without Mrs. Hudson around, who despite her nagging is somewhat decent company, what is he supposed to do? Go outside? That idea is so preposterous it’s comical.
“I understand your frustration and your probable fear, but what exactly did you come here in search of? Surely you’ve heard of getting mated or worse,
“How could you do this to me?” She yells, honestly, it catches Watson off guard as he has never heard the mild-mannered Mary speak so loudly.
Before Watson realizes it, he’s got Sherlock’s face cradled in his hands and he’s kissing him within an inch of his life. It’s all urgent, desperate. He doesn’t try for any finesse but from the way Sherlock’s practically falling apart in his hands, he doesn’t need to.
Irene, who is the self-proclaimed eyes and ears of the London underground, divulges all the information she hears with him.
He looks for an escape route but finds none. Their scents are coming closer, they’re all alphas. And he doubts they’re here because they just want to talk.
He shakes his head again. “If it means anything, I would just like to return to Watson.” He shudders again and bites his lip. “I don’t really want my parents seeing me like this.” He clarifies and shows her the bruises.
“Why do adults always profess that? A situation is only as complicated as one makes it to be.” He states.
And Watson feels wild, animalistic, taking Sherlock good and proper. He can’t really stop himself, just keeps fucking into Sherlock long and deep, each brutal thrust causing the younger man to gasp and beg even more.
“But I was a fool to run. It turns out, unfortunately, that I can’t drown my demons, they’re fairly good swimmers.” Watson doesn’t ask permission, though Sherlock knows he can stop this anytime. He’s free to. He can tell Watson to go away and never come back, to go back to his wife and leave him alone. But he finds he doesn’t want to.
At the hard glares he receives from both the doctor and the detective, Lestrade explains, a touch defensive, “The suspect has quite the predilection for omegas who resemble Holmes. It may not be a completely infallible plan, but it’s the best plan we have.”
to me,” he says, lifting his head to peer into the alpha’s bewitching blue eyes. “But we cannot play this game. I won’t pretend she doesn’t exist. Nothing changes the fact that with her is where you belong.” It doesn’t matter that he may never heal from this. That he may be irreparably broken for the rest of his life, forever fading away because the pain will be too much. It doesn’t matter that he’ll see Watson in every face and long to be with him in every moment. At least, he’ll have comfort in knowing that he did the right thing in sending Watson away. In letting Mary have all the happiness he once wished for himself.
Many would assume his life was perfect; he was born into a wealthy family who loved him even though he was an Omega. He had heard that Omegas - though rare, but still considered insignificant by society, especially by the upper class - had even resorted to doing devastating things to themselves to deal with the pressure. He had so much resentment for people who hurt, ostracized, or despised Omegas. Someday he’d be someone to make a difference. He’ll start a revolution or an uprising, whatever it took to make people see the error of their ways. And if his parents ever stopped being so naïve, maybe he’d let them help.
Then one day, while he is wallowing in a particularly rough bout of depression, someone knocks impatiently on the door of his study. He ignores it at first, but then the knocking becomes even more insistent and finally annoyed, he answers it to reveal a man with dark amber eyes that burn with the intensity of a thousand suns. They are familiar eyes but the face they belong to is aged, with greying hair.
“I know, Sherlock, I know. I have my suspicions, but I’ll wait until you’re ready to tell me. For now, I’m just glad you’re still here.” Watson places a gentle kiss to the claiming mark he placed on Sherlock that fateful night.
And that’s all it takes, he surges back to Watson’s dick, head bobbing up and down as he sucks and licks with renewed vigor. Still Watson does as he said he would and holds Sherlock’s face still while he pistons his hips into Sherlock’s trapped mouth.
Wild dark chocolate ringlets frame warm eyes that are currently watching him patiently, and full lips mouthing words Watson can no longer hear, or even care to comprehend, because as his gaze travels lower and lower, the one, simple but overwhelming thought of throwing Sherlock over the nearest hard surface and pounding into him like there is no tomorrow has quite suddenly eclipsed everything else.
"A-are you hurting?” Watson asks through the blinding haze of pleasure that is making it incredibly difficult to maintain presence of mind.
Once the velvet soft head slips in, there’s still the stretch as the rest of Watson’s length presses in. The burning is fading and in its place is an insistent pulsing ecstasy that’s forcing him to let go of his willpower and just ride Watson like he wants. But he holds tight, until Watson is sheathed up to the hilt and he’s free to push back, fucking himself while Watson watches in a daze.
“Do you know who’s in charge?” He asks, looking around for any wandering eyes. When he looks down at the picture, it’s as gruesome as the last.
He’s downing his second, watching a rowdy group of men throw darts, thinking of joining them, when he smells it—the pastry-sweet scent of an Omega in heat.
Yes, the title is taken from 'The Heart Wants What it Wants' by Selena Gomez. I ran out of ideas and I found it strangely fitting. :) Anywho, I'd like to thank my betas Abel, Haley and Secret for the much needed help. I want to thank everyone who has read/kudos'd/subscribed/bookmarked/everything. I am so in awe of the responses my Sherlock fics have gotten. I honestly feel so lucky and forever grateful. :)
Sherlock senses his presence and the anxiety that was running rampage within him, vanishes, calming Watson as well.
Feasibly, now that he has some time to himself, he can also work on forgetting Watson. Trying to make the now married doctor, Sherlock’s former companion, a long, lost memory had not been easy at first but with each passing day, Sherlock thought less and less of the alpha. He’s been making headway with it, and it’s another thing he’s proud of in regards to his progress.
I want to thank Rangerdanger and also introduce her to the crazy family of betas I have. Thank you for helping me and letting me bounce ideas off you!
Sherlock smiles and does a little wave, but the smile immediately morphs into a grimace when he looks down at his injured foot.
It takes a little while, Watson rubbing soothing circles to the back of Sherlock’s hand and whispering encouraging words to him, until Sherlock says in a breathlessly shaky voice. “They took Mycroft.”
“If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.”
” Sherlock promises, pulling away from the kiss just as Watson’s really beginning to enjoy it. The doctor doesn’t miss the emphasis on the last word and the rush of blood leaving his head to make his dick stand at attention makes Watson dizzy. He has to think of sick patients and illness just to will himself from giving up this whole ‘Righteous Man’ charade and taking what he wants right this bloody minute.
The alpha smiles, predatory. “With you looking and smelling like this,” he punctuates his sentence with a rough squeeze and a particularly mind melting thrust of his hips, pressing Sherlock further into the wall and the omega cries out, delirious as all the blood rushes south. “What makes you think I
Watson wants to touch him, to reassure him that everything’s fine. So he does. Sherlock melts into it and then he turns those eyes, with their color of sunlight shining through whiskey, on him. He sees flashes of many things: surprise, confusion, but also familiarity and relief. It awakens something new inside him; the urge to protect.
“Ahh, that’s it, Holmes,” Watson praises. “Just relax.” The sea is calling to him, all he wants is to sink down into the depths of pleasure. To be one with Watson in a way they’ve never been.
Watson steps into the corridor leading to his room after coming off the phone with Inspector Lestrade - the phone call wasn’t a pleasant one, not in the least. Lestrade was stressed and it was all about the terror happening on London’s streets. Apparently no one is safe anymore from the violence. It used to only be omegas in danger of being taken and forced into sex rings, and that was horrible enough but now every level on the chain is a target. It is warped and twisted, and Watson hates thinking about it.
He moves away from Watson and makes space. “Come join me.” He orders. John stares at him, unblinkingly. And so he adds, “Sir.” And yeah it’s great to see Watson caught off guard by a sexual suggestion, but it’s a hundred times better to see the predatory glint flash off from his eyes as his will power depletes when he hears what he needs.
And as if it isn't obvious enough what he and Sherlock have done; Watson’s pheromones are all over the lad who’s crazy sex hair and rumpled clothing are strong enough signs for themselves: the whole foyer smells of sex.
The aggravating ring of the doorbell snaps him out of his self-deprecating thoughts. For a second, he’s about to call Mrs. Hudson to go and get the door when he once again remembers. He rakes his frantic hands through his hair. Sinking down into his chair, his long wispy fringe shadowing his face, he heaves a great sigh - he will move on, as Watson did.
“Mary, don’t-” The Alpha begs, but she ignores him. “You can keep your ring John, seems as if I’m not meant to be married.” With that she takes it off her finger and throws it at his face.
He had never thought about it like that, about Sherlock’s feelings. He was so used to keeping things hidden and being in his solitude that he hadn’t even considered someone else, especially his Omega. How selfish he had been.
Watson swallows, feeling his treacherous dick twitch in interest. “We sleep, or...we can do it all over again…”
Once again, it all just screams of urgency to him. Desperation. Like John Doe really can’t afford to get too creative or comfortable anymore. But why? Why now? What has changed?
The call was strangely silent, Sherlock barely speaking a word throughout the whole conversation. A multitude of expressions had crossed across his face, each one unique and flashing across his face to quick to be able to figure out which one meant. I watched silently, feeling nervous as I pulled on my bottom lip. Sherlock spoke out a soft but firm 'be right there' before hitting the end call button with a sharp beep, ending the call without even looking at the phone.
"It would've." I wouldn't be on to deny it. It certainly would've been far more interesting having to chase down the killer, rather than leaving it over to the police to handle it. The car hit a rough bump causing me to look away and concentrate on not bumping my head into the window beside me. I turned back to see him seemingly stuck in his mind palace before suddenly snapped out of it.
“And what was all of that for?” Sherlock’s face seemed to go blank, his mind sifting through his mind palace for an answer. His face then turned into a smirk as he looked up towards the sky.
"Your right Sherlock." Sherlock puffed out his chest a soft huff escaping his lips as he covered his arms around his chest, the folded papers secured in his right hand which was being covered by his left. "They could probably solve it quicker." Sherlock bolted up, his eyes wide as he snapped his head to face me entirely, his right hand unfolding to point towards Lestrade who didn't notice as he let out a deep chuckle.
"I know," I grumbled out, giving up on trying to give him the silent treatment, knowing I was going to fail horribly.
"Bees seems to be a common denominator," I  mumbled out once I had stepped my way over to the crouching Sherlock who was still intensely scanning the corpse.
The rest of the car ride, we stayed in this comforting silence of sounds. Holding onto each other like it was the last time we would ever be able to do it. Because it very well could be, we could lose each other in an instant. So we held each other tightly, for we might lose each other, but we wouldn't lose this moment.
He opened his palm showing the pink speck that was standing out against the black leather of his gloves before pinching it together and dropping it to the ground. He brushed off his hands, most likely to get the remainder of the pink specks off his gloves, as he brings himself up to a standing position his hands at his side as he turns his body around to face us again. He glanced at me before turning his gaze back to the detective, his eyes hinting his slight annoyance that he has to repeat himself.
"Oh shoot. I really need to go back and apologize to them." I turned my head to look behind me, watching the streets pass behind me, realizing once again that it was a bit late for that before turning my head back to face Sherlock. "I'm a terrible human being, aren't I? God, that poor woman." I put my head within my hands feeling Sherlock gently place his hands upon my back, trying his best to comfort, knowing he wasn't good at words but could be rather comforting with his actions. "So that means we're back to square one right?" I lifted up my head to look at Sherlock with a desperate upset look who was still looking towards me.
My hand shook slightly as I debated whether I should take this action or not. He normally didn't enjoy physical contact, but this was different, this was a comfort. I had to do this. Without really realizing it, my hand was already gently resting on the shoulder of the man to the side of me. I felt him tense beneath my fingertips as his shoulder lifts up before settling back down, his whole posture now relaxing. I hadn't even realized how tense he had been, his eyes shifting into a tone of a numbing blank like he was leaving the world to join bis mind in a place of calm.
"Don't judge too quickly." I found my eyes rolling at his behavior as he turned his body towards me with an expression only to be described as a slightly bored 'try me'. "According to the statement given by Lestrade." I saw recognition flow into his face before it quickly turned into annoyance, wanting me to finish as quickly as possible. "They still don't have a clue how or why so many bees were hanging out in that area, especially enough to kill a healthy adult."
"Of course my dear Watson." He spoke as he made his way over to me, once again pulling out his handing pocket magnifying glass as he leaned down toward the body. He slipped his gloved hand under the dead man's, picking it up and turning it over so the palm is facing downwards. Now giving us a better view of the injury the man seemed to be supporting. Now that we knew learned what we were looking for, it became easier to spot it, the wound on his hand became quickly focused on by my eyes as I leaned over the body as well. The image of what letter it was remained fuzzy inside my mind, till all the pieces clicked together and the puzzle was solved.
I barked out a loud laugh turning my head to the side to look out the window like he's ever cared about something like that before, it's like he looked up what to do. I found myself shaking my head and continuing to laugh at the thought of him looking up 'how to woo your boyfriend for dummies' online. I turned back to look at Sherlock. "If I wore gloves that means you'll hold my hand less often." I knew it wasn't entirely true, but it was fun to attempt to mess with Sherlock's head, if he's caught by surprise, he won't be able to notice the lie I was speaking. (A tactic I was glad to learn)
"Caring is a chemical defect is it not?" I hummed, this used to be a common conversation, well more of a statement at the beginning of our partnership. Why is he stating it as if he's trying to convince himself his opinion was right. If he ever believed that his opinion was wrong.
"You're not helping your case here," Sherlock spoke, his vibrant blue eyes rolling in annoyance as he continued to hold the door open as the man attempted to push the door closed.
Tucker did glare at Sherlock for the action but overall passed over it quickly as he shoved his hands into his jean pockets.
“I mean the second one was in the forest and there were a lot of flowers packed into that one area of the forest, it wouldn’t be unlikely to see a bunch of bees around a bunch of flowers. Besides from what I can remember,” I shivered at the thought of the hanging corpse, “There appeared to be no bee stings post mortem correct?”
"Please don't." I let out a short unamused laugh, lifting my hand to rest on his shoulder, giving it a few soft pats for good measure. Sometimes he could be so ignorant towards issues he deems unimportant. "The fans would go even wilder." Sherlock turned his head to face me, a wide grin breaking out on his face, his bright blue eyes shimmering with joy.
"You think a child could do all of this." His arms raising up from his sides, bringing to attention the scenery around us. It didn't help his point as he was pointing out the obvious like we couldn't understand what he was referring to.
"I would like to see a photo of this man and the crime scene." Lestrade's face turned into one similar as a skull, rolling his eyes, but reaching into his coat pocket nonetheless.
Watson's not quite sure what to think. He's not really thinking at all. His head's kind of empty right now.
“Temptation is like a knife, that may either cut the meat or the throat of a man; it may be his food or his poison, his exercise or his destruction.”
Both Sherlock and his mother say nothing. They don’t want to know, don’t want to think.  It isn’t until the constable flips open the watch and they are forced to read the inscription in perfect cursive, in a moment that will haunt Sherlock forever, in tauntingly infallible gold calligraphy,
sensation. Of course there’s a bit of soreness, in his leg particularly, but it is not uncommon for him to wake like this. However, there’s a new feeling. Something akin to distress. At first he lays there, trying to make sense of this mood, but then it becomes very overwhelming and soon he finds that he can not lay still.
A million thoughts are circulating in his head, each one more distressing than the last. He’s been spending the better part of the day and evening trying to come up with the best and least hurtful way to tell Mary about Sherlock. And he’s been failing miserably.
That’s all it takes for Watson to dip his head between Sherlock’s legs. He teases at first, giving little licks here and there. The lad tastes incredible, better than any treat he’s ever had. But Sherlock soon starts making these desperate, breathy moans that go straight to Watson’s cock, and Watson soon finds himself burying his tongue inside the lad, desperately trying to get as much as that butterscotch slick in his system as possible.
Watson nods, tearing his gaze away from that glorious arse to stare at the two obsidian orbs burning into his cerulean ones. “Sherlock,” he gasps, “I want you to say it.”
With tears in her eyes, Mary walks over to her fallen things, kneels down to collect them and whispers: “I never want to see you again John. And as for you,” she turns around and points an accusing finger at Sherlock
And Sherlock, feeling a tiny, insistent wave of torment emanate from Watson, his Alpha, he does the only thing he can think of that will distract the older man - he kisses him.
It’s like Sherlock’s running out of oxygen, Watson’s scent is getting stronger, potent alpha pheromones robbing him of solid air. His hand flies to his mouth to stifle a moan, he can’t be getting off on this, he can’t.
“Good.” Sherlock smirks, leaning in to kiss Watson’s shoulder. “Now, can you help me with this foot? I cannot even believe that I, the great Sherlock Holmes, could be caught and then get into an accident.”
Hi. *blushes furiously* I'm sorry for the looong delay, I was on a (sort of ) vacation and for some reason, no matter how much I tried, I just couldn't write. :( But here I am, and I must say I'm pretty excited about this chapter. :D
The lad huffs. “Did you? From the way you were ignoring me, one would certainly question that statement.”
It’s dark and evening hasn’t yet approached, much to Sherlock’s annoyance. It doesn’t help that his expansive bedroom is also bitterly cold. Damn London and it’s cursed proclivity to becoming gloomy at the worst of times. Someday, he’s moving out of here, to somewhere permanently warm.
Sherlock continues like that, tracing patterns on Watson’s dick with his tongue while his warm, wet lips place tender kisses at the base, right where John’s knot waits to rise. Watson’s knees feel weak as the pleasure dances up and down his spine, and he’s tempted to just fuck Sherlock’s face like he asked, but he really doesn’t want to interrupt the show Sherlock’s making of worshipping his dick.
Watson gives him a smirk of his own, “Oh, just an Omega who comes to sleazy bars in the middle of the night for a knot from a nameless Alpha just to defy his strict parents. Am I correct?”
Once they’re both outside, Watson assesses the lad’s height. He’s perhaps a foot shorter and the way he walks, lightly swaying those hips, makes Watson believe that maybe the boy knows more about what he’s doing than he leads on.
Watson leans him back until he’s pressing into the mattress, the alpha’s sturdier frame keeping him still as he peppers kisses across Sherlock’s bare skin…
Watson nods in the affirmative. He’s looking everywhere but Sherlock’s eyes, drinking in the sight of him. The rising sun is bathing everything in a brilliant glow, making Sherlock look ethereal now. As if he’s some incubus from some secret part of hell that must have Watson’ name printed in the blood of wayward saints, waiting for him.
“There is no one else as qualified for the task as I am and I have too much pride to let something insipid like fear get in the way of my quest to make this city a safer place. He’s murdered numerous omegas, I won’t let him take another one,” Sherlock declares with conviction.
In all honesty, there is no easy way to tell your fiancée that you’ve gone and mated with someone else while they were away, and that this someone was a bright, young Omega lad who also happened to be male. He surmises that at best she’ll leave him, and at worst... well, he doesn’t want to think about that.
He was never able to really hide it when they first met and Watson was trying to keep his feelings a secret, but fortunately for him, Sherlock was way too oblivious and passionate about the cases to really notice Watson’s pining. It was extremely adorable, but also incredibly frustrating. Sometimes, Watson almost wished he
And Sherlock can’t help it; his eyes widen in shock. He’s never seen this happen to Watson. He’s seen it on many alphas, especially during his own tiring, constant heats, but never in Watson.
The Alpha tuts. “Now, now, this isn’t the place for young lads such as yourself to dally. Do your Mum and Dad know you’re here?”
Watson is quiet, his hold around him is firm and sturdy and Sherlock gets the impression that the alpha is choosing his words very carefully.
“You’re old enough to learn about soul bonds and pheromones. I’m guessing your parents have little care about what the law says the correct age of consent is and want to raise you by their own rules. Which is reasonable, seeing that many Omegas are forced into prostitution at a young age. I can even understand that they want to save you from such a fate, and yet it has been a massive failure seeing that you’re here instead of at home.” Watson points out.
Watson gently cups Sherlock’s face. “They won’t. Believe me, they’ll be so happy to see that you’ve returned that they won’t be able to notice that something’s changed. You’re a smart lad, everything will be alright.”
The salty, all-encompassing scent, coupled with the heat in the room, causes sweat to form along Sherlock’s body. His heart thunders in his chest, loud and erratic while the taste of Watson’s lips still lingers on his tongue, like a savory treat. Strong fingers card through his hair, pulling him until his back is flush to Watson’s chest.
“Whatever you have to say, Watson, can surely be said to my front door. After all it’s the only thing that will listen to you since it doesn’t have much of a choice in the matter. I, however, will take full liberty in ignoring you.”
They rub off on one another for a brief moment before Watson’s dick reminds him that he wants more, he takes one look at Sherlock, because he’s not sure for a brief second, but Sherlock’s eyes are shining with victory and arousal, he’s enjoying this a little too much, and he’s looking at Watson expectantly.
Taking a look around the room, he sees that the others have completely halted their activity to stare at the three of them. Perhaps expecting an altercation as well or perhaps waiting for the other Alpha to back down so they can swarm in. It’s hard to tell at this point, but Watson braces himself all the same, instinctively taking a step closer to Sherlock as well, in the case, that if things get ugly the Omega will have a chance to be safe.
! They’re old money darling, and far richer than you and I could ever dream. I had the good fortune to meet the Lord and Lady themselves quite a few times; they often come to most of the soirees we attend. I’ve met the heir to their estate only once but I never thought much of it.” Then, another mocking chuckle. “And here I come to find you with him. My, isn’t life grand?”
The lad points those wide, dark eyes on John and frowns. “But wouldn’t that be lying by omission? And what if they can sense it on me?”
He knows that she’s probably heading back to the lodging to tell Watson or maybe, gone to tell his parents. He’s worried, but tries not to focus on it, hoping that maybe he can stop her before she does just that.
The poor boy closes his eyes, waiting for it - the humiliating rape or the terrible beating that’s going to happen to him.
Sherlock assumes that they sent him to Lourdes for a cure. A means to change who Mycroft was on the inside to match the sophisticated, intelligent man on the outside. Or perhaps it was the other way around? He’s not sure, but one thing he is positive about, is that Mycroft resented them greatly for that.
Rising up to look at his mate, Sherlock studies Watson’s pressed lips and burning eyes, the way his grip tightens on the sheets below him and his quickening breathing and then a light bulb switches on. “Y-you’re jealous of the alpha?”
that borders on painful, when he realizes that his efforts are only serving to get more of that scent into his system.
Any hope of an intelligent response from Watson is soon to be abandoned forever, when he feels something wet pool against his chest where Sherlock’s pressed against him. The omega’s slowly filling breasts seem determined to rob him of whatever sanity he has left as they ruin his shirt, leaking profusely as his mate mindlessly crushes them against him.
Sherlock comes then, his channel clenching around Watson’s knot as the aftershocks pulse through his body. Watson can’t help but whisper encouraging words to him, praising him for being so good. And Sherlock practically purrs beneath him.
Sherlock gives him one of those breathtaking grins that Watson hadn’t realized was possible until now. Honestly, could the boy be any more charming? He places another kiss to John’s jaw before finding his lips and it is suddenly clear what his intentions are.
“Are you alright?” He asks, pausing from his actions to check Sherlock over. The lad is squirming and breathing hard, but boy does he look like a pretty piece. All bound like that, he looks like Watson’s very own gift. Watson can’t help but stop to tap an idle finger at Sherlock’s hole, basking in how it flutters at the mere hint of an intrusion.
“You smell delectable Holmes,” Watson groans. “You’re still unmated and your scent, it begs for things you’re too reserved to ask for.”
He hasn’t realized that he’s paused to watch Sherlock for some time- practically having the lad do most of the work - when burnished amber eyes pin him with a wild, craving stare compelling him to move like a man possessed, speeding up the pace once more and losing himself once again.
Then he remembers that he was asked a question and he blinks, trying to get air into his lungs. “I deserve a life that I can endure. You are both the worst and most wonderful thing to have happened to me, Watson.” He gazes into the alpha’s face, unable to hide the pain from his voice or his expression. “And I don’t know whether to thank you or curse you bitterly for that.” He swallows, closing his eyes again and tries to make his voice sound less broken. “Why-why did you come here?”
And dammit if Sherlock isn’t everything Watson didn’t know was missing from his life. He looks like a gift from the heavens. And Watson wonders what he did right in a past life to deserve such a thing. Sherlock’s eyes are closed while he chants John’s name like a prayer, his lips deliciously swollen and red, and every now and then his hips rise to meet Watson’s and it feels too damn good. But Watson knows they haven’t even started the fun stuff yet.
Watson feels emboldened by the sex high and decides to take it up a notch. “Sherlock, I need to fuck your mouth, g-god. And I n-need to see you come on my knot.”
Sherlock smirks and runs his fingers through his unruly hair, making it stick out in a thousand different directions. He drags his tongue across his red bottom lip and then, leaning in closer, he says “The road to hell is paved with good intentions,” before pressing his hips to Watson’s. And there would never be a worse time for his body to betray him than now in the middle of an alley where anyone could see them. He groans before he can stop himself and grabbing Sherlock’s hips, rubs against him, enjoying the delicious friction.
So he keeps it a secret, just like his relationship with Watson. He also doesn’t want anyone knowing about the work he does in the dark to bring Omegism down. If no one knows, no one gets hurt.
He doesn’t know what propels him to this area of town or more specifically, this pub with its gaudy interior, raucous people and its reputation for being rather low-brow.
Sherlock is sitting at the table alone, eating his supper when he feels a billow of distress rise up within him. It’s unfounded as there is no imminent danger around him as far as he can tell.
Then fingers clutch at the base before those heated lips are wrapped around the head, deft tongue swiping to lick at the precome dripping from the slit and a moan escapes from both of them. Watson can’t tear his eyes off of the scene, especially once he’s witnessed the tip of his dick actually pass Sherlock’s neat, soft lips. He’s certain that they won’t be able to stretch and take in his girth, but Sherlock surprises him by swallowing his entire length up to the hilt. Damn omegas and their lack of gag reflexes. Sherlock hums appreciatively around his dick and it’s simply delicious.
Thank you again beauties! I also, sort of, kind of revamped my Tumblr, the link's in my profile. Feel free to submit stuff, ask me questions or both. (^_-) I love ya'll. Thank you for helping me reach this milestone and for this momentous occasion. I really couldn't have done it without you! (T_T)
If you enjoy this chapter, please leave a kudos or a comment or both. ;) Also, I want to thank all of you amazing readers who have been sticking with me from the beginning and even those who have just started reading. I appreciate everything! Thank you!
Sherlock gulps, not knowing what to expect. He knows that they have to speak about the incident, but he doesn’t want to. Still he obeys.
And Watson, feeling as if he’ll die from this, finally starts to go at a steady pace. He quickly loses the battle between his hindbrain and his sense and soon he finds that he’s snapped his hips forward, sheathing himself fully into the lad. He doesn’t stop to enjoy the glorious feeling, but instead pulls out only to thrust back in even harder.
Watson feels a pang of sympathy for him, because he knows all too well the ignorance of the parents of Omegas. Some despise their children and send them off once they’re of age or arrange a marriage for them so they won’t be a burden to them anymore, while some love their children too much that they become overprotective and some after learning of the Omega status of a child, will simply ignore the child and force the child to fend for themselves. Of course, heats are a terrible time for all, as the uneducated parents, who are most likely not Omegas themselves, never have even the slightest clue of what to do and often the most chosen option is to lock their child away.
“Of course, you can do it, Sherlock. You’re the most enchanting person I know. That’s not what I’m worried about.” And Watson sighs with exasperation.
I want to thank my beta, Deinvati, for the wonderful edits and awesome feedback and for just being supremely reliable!
, Watson quickly reminds himself—is walking temptation; from his come hither lips that are currently pursed to his huge, dark eyes searching the room for someone and his messy hair, that is in desperate need of a trim, ruffling when the boy turns his head.  And then that smell hits him, that warm, butterscotch scent that makes his mouth water and his hindbrain practically explode from the need to do something about this torture.
After a couple years of reclusion he'd become set in his ways. He'd even say he felt himself age. But now he was shaken back to a version of himself before the injuries, before his discharge and retirement to the cabin. His libido was again strong and his outlook more optimistic. The nightmares of the war that used to haunt him were rare. He dreamt of moss and crushed flowers, antlers and grunts, his hands deep in thick fragrant curls.
Sherlock took his glass in hand and leaned to smell the wine swirling it in his glass. They touched glasses and took a first sip. The wine was excellent, and watching John taste something he chose for him was somehow satisfying. He stepped closer and pressed a brief kiss into those lips.
He sat next to him and spread one hand over his heart, feeling the beat, reassuring both of them. No rush.
"It hasn't been simple, or uneventful. There were some extraordinary cases, people. No one of note, though. Besides the odd serial murderer who got too cocky and presented a good chase. None of them proposed marriage, though."
“Listen, I… should not have mentioned it. The dinner was exceptional, really. And you. I’ve had a wonderful time… I just wanted to say, if you’ve been rethinking… If this was the reason…”
John continued to fume in the back of the taxi, and had gone to take a surprisingly long shower leaving the drenched and now very cold Sherlock behind without a word.
"I wouldn't dare impose, John. As I've planned a... slightly longer stay this time I've arranged for a room in the village. Mrs. Hudson expects me by seven."
Dr. Holmes traced his fingers over clavicle, chest, stomach. Slowly but with a sure touch, light pressure. John took small breaths. One palm ran over the disfigured shoulder. No one had touched the scarred skin since his accident. He shivered.
The composition ended with a fierce culmination and John realised he was speechless, and undeniably aroused. Oh, fuck.
It was a recurring fantasy he indulged in again and again. Unbuttoning his shirt and letting it fall off his shoulders as John watched. Walking out of the shower naked on a weekend morning. Stripping off his pyjamas as John kissed his lips, neck, chest.
John took the opportunity for a quick run to the unheated bathroom, then brushed his teeth over the kitchen sink and banked the fire for the night. Lights off, he picked up the blanket and, dressed as he was, found a comfortable position in the armchair.
"If you want something to stop. You will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately.  Is that clear?"
Sherlock snorted. "Passing by?" He gestured for John to follow him inside. "You clearly took the 7 o'clock down to King's Cross, had some of the horrific 'tea' they serve," he started on the stairs but turned for another quick glance at John closing the door behind them, then two at a time up the stairs dressing gown trailing, as John scrambled to follow, "...did not eat though... then the tube."
“And since practically everyone is an idiot, some… curators… more than others, I have the absolute privilege of inviting you to dinner tonight… to ask you for something more permanent.”
“Her partner… wife… is in hospice care. They visited some of their favourite public artworks as a last…” He cleared his throat. “The blood came from an accidental paper cut. A love letter from when they met. Forty two years ago.” He avoided looking at John and faced the window.
And John simply dropped to the floor on all fours with an exhale and crawled to press his face against one knee.
So he started lathering his own skin distracted by the sight of Dr. Holmes soaping himself meticulously and without rush, hands over chest, stomach, then down to his bollocks and finally, several leisurely pulls of his cock, caresses over his bullocks.
Was he becoming lazy? He did sleep much more - more often and more hours in total. And was currently laying very still in bed at nine o’clock when for the majority of his life waking up meant jumping to action, not lingering and observing John’s laryngeal prominence in the rare morning sun, the stubbly skin, each hair a different shade ranging from platinum and steel-gray to blond and, surprisingly, auburn, the beat of his jugular vein, the beautiful violet bruising Sherlock was responsible for and John had not yet discovered, he could just match his lower incisors to one side of the outline…
"Oh, no, no." Sherlock left the beer on the floor and sat at the piano, lifting the fallboard to reveal the keys. "It's a special system, silent. Just a press of a button and the hammers go off the strings." He played a little, fingers moving seemingly effortlessly, and all John heard was the press of the keys. "Headphones." He pointed to the pair on top of the piano. "How else would I play at five in the morning when the monsters wake me up." He smiled. "Of course, it still does the real thing."
It was tilting its head to one side as it to display its decorated antlers, rubbing the scarf to its nose and cheek, coming closer to the glass of the door.
"What I meant to say was... while I can perfectly understand the appeal of a certain code, in appearance, behavior, perhaps roles in relationship, or... during intercourse, I am not interested in the conventions."
Sherlock gave him a few moments to calm, one hand steady on John's lower back. He then reached for the lubricant on the side table.
"Well," still looking at the suit jacket, "this will need to be cleaned, mud on the sleeve." He set it back and crossing his arms, walked towards the table.
Warm calloused fingertips dragged against the back of his neck and the last trace of tension left his body.
Still on his knees John watched mesmerized as the buck drew a line with the tip of the twig it held from its throat, down over its muscled chest, and lower to its groin. John licked his lips as the buck uttered several small grunts and clicking noises and drew the tip slowly up the length of its hard cock to the tip.
On the rare sunny days he opened the windows of the house to air the rooms and turned up the radio to keep him company as he worked. The bees were happily active, too.
"Oh, no, thank you John, this was plenty. And exceptionally flavorful." He set the empty bowl back on the tray and took the tea cup. "I suppose you have to be a proficient cook living here, not many takeaways down the street."
And the stream of Twitter updates spoke about how little Sherlock had slept after their late night exchange ended.
They took a short walk outside just as the sun was setting. Hand in hand. It was chilly but far from frost.
He looked at the reflection in the mirror. Already thin and pale he now looked gaunt and gray in his crisp white starched shirt and dark suit jacket. Perhaps the man had woken up next to him and regretted submitting to someone so austere in appearance and character.
Breakfast was slow and lazy, conversation much easier, reaching for the toast an opportunity to graze a thigh or hip.
So he finally checked again. The most gorgeous eyes stared back at him from Sherlock's profile photo. He scrolled down without taking in much.
Sherlock visualised his slow breaths wrapping around the familiar cabled pattern of the incredibly homely jumper that he had, incredibly, grown to like
And the room tilted. Sherlock now held John's hand to steady himself. Surely, he'd correct the doctor...
"I like the sound of your snoring at dawn?" He reached down to the floor and a cigarette appeared between his lips. He lit it while looking at John.
A bit sheepish, wrapped in his dressing gown, Sherlock found John sitting in the kitchen with two cups of tea. He stood next to the table and took one for himself.
He took several calming breaths. Why, why did he say anything?! Things were going so well… Was he drunk?! Idiot, idiot…
A breath of fresh air, things stacked and put away, broken cups and ash swept up, they sat down on the sofa with cups of tea sorting the torn scores.
"I'd like to stay." John had lost his initial ease but was clearly determined to continue, his knees apart, one elbow on the side of the armchair. Resolute.
He then proceeded to stare at the screen for almost ten minutes while sipping his now lukewarm tea. He was not taking a fucking selfie, not even for bloody Sherlock Holmes. Trembling. Fuck.
The next morning there was something new on the bench. A crude basket of willow branches and fern leaves, filled with wild strawberries and carefully arranged blooming wild clover. No sign of the creature but John knew how the basket got there.
With a huff he set out in the direction of the now extinguished lights. If this was Mike with his tractor in a ditch by the road, he'd never let him forget it.
"John, I do hope you accept my apology." He cleared his throat. "I admit I was unprepared for our initial meeting. We had not properly discussed your expectations and I had rushed." He took a sip of tea.
He continued alternating one or two spheres of ice over the skin his hand had warmed as melted water slowly trickled down the sensitive inside of John's thighs, with several smacks.
The waiter reappeared. And proceeded to fawn over Dr. Holmes, all hips and suggestive intonation. He was immediately sent away. John sunk into that piercing gaze, that smile.
A week passed before John had another nightmare. This one shook him even earlier, it was still dark out. He struggled unsuccessfully for half an hour or so but could not shake off the lingering terror, could not get back to sleep even with the soft sound of rain falling. Right. A fire and tea and breakfast and all would be right.
His own rather perfunctory Twitter feed, one post a week, retweets of his publisher's promotional feed, barely any exchange and a pitiful number of followers, suddenly necessitated the involvement of one of the publisher's interns. He assumed the poor soul rolled their eyes over his Longreads links and last week's blurry 'Yorkshire pudding @ Mom's!' photo.
An exceptionally deep sensual voice. "You are to follow every command, speak only when given permission. The exception is if you want something to stop. You will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately. Understood?"
Time for another shower and then the lab. At least he was still in control of himself at work. The week had been demanding with some unexpected issues in the setup of one experiment but luckily that was now handled after much effort. No pining during lab hours, thankfully.
Gasping loudly as he tried to regain some composure, he looked down at John’s red, sticky lips. At John’s fist, right hand moving slowly over the length of his beautiful, thick cock as he ejeculated. At the thick strands of semen on his feet and the bedroom floor.
"In that case, I propose we discuss things properly. You say you are inexperienced? And yet you spoke about permission and chose to approach me by kneeling in front of me?"
Sherlock snorted. "So your conclusion is that I'm discreet? John, I don't date. I'm practically married to my piano. And not even I update my feed with details of humiliating one night stands with randoms, which is what I manage if I'm lucky..." He squirmed and a box of cigarettes appeared on the table.
“Well, the date was canceled then and there, at the bar. Between her taking two phone calls. A successful international curator…” Yeah, and a ‘wee man’ who had no experience and no idea what he was getting into. “I was found… lacking.”
"You'll never again kneel before me without explicit order, is that clear? You may nod if you understand and agree."
Instead of the humiliation he'd feared he felt relief when he finally openly asked. "It has been a long week. Please."
"I've only ever used an eiderdown since boarding school, quite a stiff one actually, wool. I wonder if these 'duvets' are available in London, perhaps my tailor might have an idea, textiles are not..." John listened to him drift off to a mumble, then a soft snore.
Every inhale, every twitch of flesh, the solid presence of that thumb on his tongue, fingers in his hair. He wanted to be crushed by those thighs, touched everywhere by those fingers, owned by that cock. Oh, fuck...
He leaned down and placed a small kiss into the curls falling over its forehead. The scent was so potent and he brushed his lips and cheek as the buck shivered and grunted.
“Is that right?” With a brilliant grin John turned his full attention towards him unclasping his hands and reaching out to take Sherlock hand. “And we’ll come to see it then?”
John was starting to collapse and with one final and certainly painful pinch he took him in his arms and lowered him onto the carpet.
They stayed together on the quilt for a while, the buck's heated skin and fur warming John as he wondered at it all. The forest, the buck, the nest, the mating.
He brought glasses and a bottle of sparkling water on a silver tray from the kitchen, taking his time to pour as John nervously settled into one of the armchairs.
They touched glasses and he took a sip. Warm, potent. He already felt inebriated. He stared at those lips on the edge of the glass.
“But?” John, refreshed after a boozy midday kip and shower, poured hot water from the kettle into two cups.
John's throat felt dry. Fuck he looked breathtaking. "No, no, it's fine. I do mostly listen to classical lately. A late start, but getting there."
Sherlock bit down a sob as he sat heavily on the edge of the mattress, pulling his hand back to his chest.
He turned around to find Sherlock standing halfway between the suitcase and the table, arms laden with more packages of different shapes and sizes.
A strong hand slid down John's stomach, wrapped its fingers at the base of his cock. Not yet, please, more, please...
The fingers of the wandering hand twitched slightly and the warmth of the touch on the skin of his chest... He closed his eyes again.
"There have been three young women here and one rather industrious young man, very diligent, working night and day!"
He was now regularly going to bed earlier and waking up at dawn. Even when no nightmares disturbed him. He refused to think about the reasons for change in what were his established routines.
And now the man himself was walking towards where he sat next to a stack of books. He grabbed one and cracked the stiff spine open.
But after a while Sherlock was getting bored with it all. Or at least that was the excuse he gave for his clear agitation and the fresh barrages of increasingly prodding messages.
"The toccata... in my own way I was trying to tell you..." And his voice grew really quiet. "How much I just wanted to touch you..."
Mike arrived, with a recap of snow-laden fallen tree branches, huge snow drifts the winds caused and other stuck vehicles. Everyone was alright, most were enjoying it in fact. Tea cups were supplemented with a tin box of biscuits John had baked himself leading to another bout of strong approval from Sherlock.
Suddenly he became very aware of the falling drops of water hitting his skin. Of the gaze that followed his hand.
"Yes," Sherlock seemed to finally compose himself, "considerable family funds. And my brother and I have no heirs. And if I choose to buy some tea for the doctor who pulled me out of a stalled car in a, very possibly, fatal snow storm, and nursed me to health. Giving up your own bed for a stranger... John, I... while I am in mind to transfer several stately homes' deeds, I am well aware a good cup of tea might be more appreciated." He looked down into his now empty cup, as if embarrassed. "I am not very well versed in these matters. I may have misstepped."
"I was thinking of getting one, at home, but I'm afraid of becoming the grumpy old fart yelling at quiz shows on BBC."
John closed his eyes for a moment and nodded. This, this was where he'd felt the need to surrender to Sherlock. "Yes, the full day."
Half an apple in hand he walked to the door. Again, with just the glass between them and this time much more sunlight, they stood and watched each other.
Finally inside, after what must have been only minutes but felt far too long, the two stood shaking off the snow. John got a good look at the towering pile of wet wool next to him, bare pale hands clutching at the turned up coat collar.
Strong arms pulled him in without reserve and, for a moment, he thought of the expertly executed tackle. A familiar hand settled into a pattern of strokes between his shoulder blades as he buried his face into John's shirt.
On his back, eyes closed and mouth open, cheeks blushed red and wet with tears, raspy breaths, hands helpless by his sides, and his exquisite hard cock twitching against his stomach.
He was ready to crawl across London on his hands and knees. He blushed red and smiled. And he couldn't stop smiling. 'Yours.'
They were lounging on the sofa, John stretching his feet next to the remains of the meal on the table, Sherlock's socked feet in his lap. John rubbed a thin ankle.
Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt cuffs, then the top two buttons of the shirt. And simply pulled the thing over his head and dropped it to the floor.
Naked and held. Not just held, Sherlock was coming awake wrapped in John. The solid weight of the arm he always held him with, the heat and sweat of his skin. Puffs of his breath. He felt immediate comfort, joy.
John sighed, bend down, slid his hand around Sherlock’s neck and touched his forehead with his lips. His voice was soft.
It had been a couple of weeks. And he'd thanked Sherlock for his hospitality already. The man hated repeating himself. But, then, John didn't always follow his train of thought.
John had changed the linens this morning and was now scrubbing the bath and humming a popular tune to himself, apparently relaxed and in a good mood. While Sherlock felt a drop of sweat trail down the middle of his back, now at the point of the curvature of the lumbar.
There was no news from the man and in the light of day John was embarrassed to call again. So he went about his day, chores and small routines.
This may or may not go on to have more chapters. If it does, check rating and tags. Needed some comfort and calm myself...
They'd taken just a moment to settle under the duvet together, the taller man nestled against his side. John took a shaky hand and brought it against his chest to hold. They slept.
Sherlock sat in his armchair and closed his eyes, a couple of hours to sift through some information he might need to reference in the future...
"Fuck." John rubbed his hand over his eyes. "That's all, Sherlock. Just a friend, just a drink. I did not spend the night with him." And he was lost for words.
John walked over to the man, sure and steady steps, set one hand on his elbow, and stretched up to place a light peck on his cheek, "Welcome back."
Last night's offer of submission had shaken him. It spoke to his deepest desires, desires he'd attempted to ignore for a while. His last relationship had been a decade ago and had ended badly. He wasn't looking for someone to repeat that experience. If anything, lately he'd thought about hiring a discreet professional for a one-time thing. It was easy to do so online.
Content. He woke early but did not bother to try sleeping again. Not when he could enjoy John who was settled against his chest, sleeping peacefully. He felt incredibly happy, perfectly content. A full day was ahead of them. And he had several ideas how to spend it.
As he settled into bed for the night, phone at his side, he couldn't resist one more glance at the screen. He was worried. And as if on cue, it pinged.
Now, to check on the stew he had bubbling on the wood-burning stove, the day's preparations in the cold had him yearning for a hot supper and cool ale.
"Very good." Lost in pleasure John felt a loud moan escape him. He panicked. Would he be punished for using his voice? Or worse, would he be sent away?
John was gesticulating with a parsnip crisp, in the middle of a very detailed account of a string of failed experiments. Sherlock offered a suggestion and John asked the waiter for a pen and started making notes on the crisp napkin.
They dressed, Sherlock still in borrowed boots, and watched as the village mechanic, a young man eager to help, lifted the hood. John tried to pay attention to the discussion about ignition, battery, fuel pump... but he found it hard to tear his eyes off the tall man beside him. He returned to the house, supposedly to put the kettle on, just in time to hear the car start.
As was groping at crime scenes - there'd been a stern lecture by Lestrade on propriety and respecting the victims of crime. It had only been a case of securities fraud, no decomposing body in sight, but John had been pretty miffed getting caught with Sherlock's hand down the front of his jeans.
“Sherlock?! Is this all about a case of his you’re avoiding? But why does he mention your mother? Is she alright?”
It had taken just two minutes too long under the lamps to overhear the suspect threaten someone over the phone, her choice of words confirming the source of the counterfeit dietary supplements with dangerous levels of mercury and cyanide.
Curled into himself on the sofa, wrapped in a dressing gown, his back onto the room, Sherlock was outwardly still. Still. But on the inside, he trembled.
"What? No. Friends protect people, Sherlock. They help you order a duvet and tell you to find a warm place to stay while you're ill."
Sherlock sat up with the duvet around his shoulders, socked feet on the floor, blinking, "Exceptionally well. Again. You?"
John thought of himself as an easygoing person who enjoyed simple things, didn't need much. Besides writing. Didn't like to complicate life more than necessary. He supplemented his income with a part-time copy editing job, wrote at least four days a week but usually daily. Lived frugally, went on morning runs, drank lots of tea, managed a date once in a while, listened to music.
Sherlock had complimented the soup, as if words could ever express as much as watching him soak up the last of his second bowl with the bread's crust, lips smacking in delight. He'd politely asked John for seconds, with a mixture of eagerness and embarrassment. He looked so young, unguarded, beaming even.
As far as John could tell the madman had benefited from regular meals and visits from a physician at the hotel that catered to his every whim. There was the initial fascination with the duvets, fresh scones delivered to the room any time of day or night, the exceptional laundering service and the 24 hour television programme.
John walked to the other side of the cast iron stove, took an old quilt off the sofa and placed it near the stove. He beckoned towards it but the buck stood still, dripping on the hardwood.
"This is not about me overpowering you. We may have different needs, but we stay equals." He carefully untied and took off the boots as John watched. Then socks, handling each foot gently, letting his fingers wrap around the ankles. "And it is not about pain or extravagant toys. We may or may not get to those things. It is up to us to decide together."
And now, mid-morning, instead of taking a taxi home to wash off the dust, preferably during a shared hot shower, the two of them were sitting in a pub with Lestrade, the head librarian and five other people, including Sally Donovan. In a pub. A pub that had no problem serving alcohol at this hour.
Three days later Sherlock's phone was still off and, after a call to the hotel, John found out he'd checked out.
And after a deep breath and adjustment he winked at John and started playing a quick, sharp composition, hands close and fingers moving with unbelievable mastery, eyes mostly closed. John's mouth went dry at the sight. It was better than the concert - he was so close, he felt the air vibrate with the instrument, with the effort of Sherlock's tense body, the torrent of notes.
There had been the first photographs in the press, some with quite outrageous headlines announcing ‘a secret wedding’ and ‘triplets by surrogate’. He’d watched to see if any of it would upset John, but although he never brought it up in conversation the blogger did clip two of the more flattering photographs and had suck the clippings in a thin paperback he placed under the skull on the mantel. A memento mori of sorts?
A thumb brushed his lips and he fought back the desire to touch it with his tongue, suck it into his mouth. The fingertip slid over the sensitive skin teasingly.
So much pent up anger hidden behind a kind smile and a too nice cardigan. A crack shot who giggled at kitten videos.
That one chapter in the paperback novel had been informative, but John hadn't finished the book. Had picked up a science fiction novel instead, a book - Sherlock had checked - with no erotic scenes at all.
There had been toast and butter, then more tea, while the used linens sat in a pile at the bottom of the stairs leading to John's room with several towels thrown on the top.
Antlers, but above an almost human face. Pale skin with darker patches of auburn, a head of wild dark curls, twitchy deer ears and the unmistakable velvet-covered spring antlers.
Finally in the mirrored foyer of the dreaded restaurant he took a look at his messy hair and the now drenched jacket. Well, that was it.
John shrugged. "I didn't want it to be transactional. It was, is, always about chemistry with me." Another laugh.
Sitting on the edge of the bed he watched the impressive man strip naked and display himself. Tall, pale, thin but muscled. A sprinkling of hair over his chest. Two solid, large, bare feet.  And a very erect cock surrounded by the darkest curls. John had dreamt about that cock, being filled, owned by that cock.
'John, the caps lock is on. My estimate is a two year marriage in your late thirties, no offspring.' - SH
"We've had the one proper date, in fact it's still ongoing..." He rubbed his nose against Sherlock's.
John smirked, and finally looked up at him. “Only you can find dance music with elements of cannibalism. And only you have to shake off a famous lingerie model.”
“To carve out dials quaintly, point by point, thereby to see the minutes how they run: how many makes the hour full complete, how many hours brings about the day, how many days will finish up the year, how many years a mortal man may live.”
"It was a pity to leave it John, it is a Corbusier. And you only have the one..." Sherlock abruptly stopped speaking.
Trying to look as if he was just casually sipping his morning tea and not being scrutinized by possibly the world's only consulting detective who was capable of tearing apart an international smuggling ring after licking an edge of a fifty-year-old stamp, John cleared his throat again. "A couple of hives. It's a rewarding hobby for a retired doctor."
And set on the bed he was, and very proficiently divested of his shoes, jacket, and the rest of his clothes.
He sat down in the armchair with his tea just in time to observe his guest stirring. Wild, gray curls, a yawn, an awfully wrinkled shirt.
"Feeling better?" The man nodded. Responsive, good. John smiled with a touch of relief. "Can you tell me your name?"
Damp and naked he was positioned to kneel in the bedroom as Dr. Holmes dressed methodically in front of his open wardrobe. Gray pants were pulled over the curve of his buttocks as he adjusted his cock under the clinging fabric. John took steady breaths, his fingers digging into his thighs. Then darker charcoal trousers, the front creases straight and neat, the fine wool fabric outlining the muscle underneath. A white shirt, tucked in, cuffs buttoned.
'What about a couple of tea towels while you're at it? Perhaps there's a special offer on cat motifs?' He was enjoying this.
John sighed and closed his eyes, the memory of long fingers brushing against his skin. They had shaken hands on the platform. Tight smiles. He was a coward and an idiot.
John was watching it all, allowing the soft manipulation of his limbs, breathing a bit rapidly but still calm.
"It was my pleasure, truly. And speaking about pleasure..." A sharp pinch on his arse and John jolted. "I'd like to discuss our day."
As tender, rouge, seducing hands slid down his sides and up his back and neck in repetitive motions, sleep finally pulled at his consciousness. Sherlock pressed his chest and face to warm, naked skin.
Sublime. John woke wrapped in a warm embrace, a large possessive hand on the back of his neck, one thumb tenderly stroking through his hair. He inhaled the now familiar masculine scent.
"Yes, of course." Sherlock looked up and gave a shy smile. "I suppose I should work for my meal." He joined him in the kitchen just as John put the last of the soup ingredients into the pot, bay leaves and black pepper, and gave it a stir with a large wooden spoon. "John, I am grateful for your help and your hospitality. I do have to warn you I have never made bread myself."
Curling the smaller hand in his he brought the knuckles to his lips, his other hand settling firmly on the back of John's neck.
"Hm, perhaps later. Let's have another beer." Sherlock was finishing with the dishes and washing his hands at the sink.
Sherlock had never been one to take walks in parks, but John favoured Regent's Park on Sundays and Sherlock found he did not mind how busy with people it was when John held his hand as they strolled.
With a touch of embarrassment he reached to soap his rear, blushing as he imagined his own hand, his fingers tracing the rim of the hole, replaced by... anything else. Would it hurt or titillate?
He got up early and canceled all his plans for the day by email, shut off his mobile. Then took a long time in the shower making sure he was meticulously clean, shaved and brushed his teeth.
"Now the fun starts." With a grin he couldn't suppress John tipped a can of black treacle into the bowl, Sherlock biting down what sounded as a yelp, then added some water from a glass.
"You are not rooming with Martha Hudson! The woman runs a cat rescue! There is never less than twenty animals in the house and they roam freely. And use all the beds!"
He carefully replaced the letter into its envelope and stowed it in the inside pocket of his jacket.
Nine. He thought of the number, the numeral, the curves of it written down in his own handwriting, in John's, the count to reach it. Nine. The number of consecutive nights he'd slept in John's bed, under John's duvet, wrapped in John's arms.
No need to disturb John just because he had no wish to lie in that bed. So he played a composition they both found soothing. Andantino. And yet his heart raced.
Spring was a busy time in the garden. Preparing the soil for planting after the thaw, planting peas, leeks, onions, potatoes. More would come as it got close to summer. John grew a simple garden and made simple meals. He could afford to buy all his vegetables but preferred not to have to go to town too frequently. And it was a way to stay fit, most of the rest of the day spent reading or writing.
He helped the man take a few shaky steps to the armchair and lowered him to sit. He was not responding, not speaking, a bad sign. Carefully John unwrapped the soaked scarves from his head and neck revealing matted greyish hair and a frighteningly pale face, lips already blue. Then the coat and the suit jacket under it. The gray cotton shirt seemed dry and John left it on, then picked up a thick knit blanket from a nearby basket and wrapped the man's head and shockingly thin upper body. He glanced back at the fire, still hot and bright. Good. The shivering was worse now.
Another shy nod. John should have been furious and yet all he wanted was to wrap the thin man in his arms and keep him forever.
“Once or twice. They are well known to source locally. The hake is a good sustainable fish to eat, especially gillnetted, off Cornwall…” And the first stern look of the evening.
Coming into the lab before the rest of the team only meant he was the first to read the emails from their partner lab in Germany. There had been a miscalculation, a matter of difficulty in estimating a priori some of the segregation patterns...
Frustrated with the unresolved query, he kicked off his shoes to the corner of the room and ran his hands through the already messy curls.
He fell into submission so naturally, not withholding anything, not challenging, nor speaking out of turn.
He dried his skin with a soft towel and applied his preferred moisturizer. Then checked his hair once more.
“I know it was for a case… I can’t help… It looked unerringly real.” John’s eyes momentarily flicked towards Sherlock’s neck, the exact spot one of his dancing companions - whose fame was irrelevant, who had no information pertaining to the case - had brushed her lips against leaving a pink smudge Sherlock was sure he’d cleaned off in the shower.
“You seem to be a regular here.” If there was anyone John knew who looked at home with a cut crystal glass in hand…
Finally Sherlock leaned into the embrace and with small shivers enveloped his arms around John's waist.
"Oh, yes, a good scrub sounds... nice." John was nudging him with his foot under the table and, incredibly, even now, Sherlock blushed. And got up to clear the table slightly embarrassed.
Sherlock adjusted the 'cheap wool-acrylic' blanket Molly, the village fishmonger, had gifted John as a thank you for helping out with her three sons. It seemed a scrape, cut or sprain were daily occurrence in the household, with a broken bone or two once in a while. Brave woman. And gifted crafter. It was a lovely blanket.
The weight of one ankle on his own. He had a... thing, for want of a better word, for John's ankles and was initially embarrassed about it. Of course John did not, as he eloquently put it, "give a flying fuck" about any sort of embarrassment that would prevent Sherlock manhandling him in bed. Something the habitually stubborn doctor not only allowed but truly seemed to enjoy.
He spent the evening feeling miserable. How did he fuck this up? Should he have said no to the interview? He didn't even have his phone number. And they had never exchanged any direct messages. He kept picking up his phone and setting it back down unsure what to do. Perhaps Sherlock reconsidered, or had his fun and ran.
On his own, shirt wrinkled, wool socks and blanket dragging along the wooden floor, Sherlock shuffled to the bed and crawled under the duvet in his strange outfit.
Two weeks. The other glove was carefully layered over a flowering willow branch. John went out and sat down on the bench next to it. He felt a strange and unfounded relief. It, that, it was real.
They entered the bedroom, the bed already prepared. A hand slid to support his lower back and steady him as he took in the room, then Dr. Holmes moved to sit on the bed.
From the moment they'd met both had stumbled in attempting to articulate their needs. But they were progressing. He smiled as a warm hand burrowed deeper under his shirt.
Standing up and pulling him by both hands John laughed. “Yeah, as much as a video of that would have the Met in my pocket, you’re having wine instead, I think.”
"The toccata, the bit on the CD you brought for me to sign, next to my number?" Sherlock stretched his arms in front of him with a sigh, adjusted his glasses. "Yeah, excellent seduction technique on my part there..."
He moved his pillow to the footboard of the bed and, sitting back on his heels, leaned his chest on it. He checked over his shoulder, Sherlock was still sleeping, on his side and facing John. John could see his face and could imagine the view he was about to wake up to.
"It happens." He pointed at Sherlock's plate with his fork. "Eat a bit more. I assume you skipped lunch."
And John giggled. Passing Sherlock he set one hand on a bony shoulder and pulled him towards the chair. "Come on, tea's getting cold. I've got a cardigan here that might fit you, always had to roll up the sleeve cuffs..."
Sherlock dropped his bow, sunk into his armchair and promptly, pots banging and steady stream of curses, fell asleep.
"It's a lot of work, but when I finally get it, when I can play a piece from memory without mistakes, it's a great place to be. Perfect place. No distraction, no angst, just me and the music. Of course, then you have to perform it for others and that wrecks the nerves. Inevitably there's a fucking mistake, or someone's phone goes off, or I forget to breathe... Then back home, alone and miserable and not sleeping, and making an arse of myself on Twitter..."
Sherlock shifted once more to attain a more comfortable position where he lay on his back on the sofa. No, the top two buttons of the trousers he wore needed to be undone. It was unlikely his disguise had shrunk since he last used it. Had he not noticed weight gain?
His bedtime routine quickly over John stood by the bed, fresh pyjamas laid out by the pillow. Right. He changed quickly, back to Sherlock, in the low light of the banked fire. Then crawled deep under the warm duvet.
He grabbed his phone from the dressing gown pocket, wincing at the sudden movement, and sent a quick text to Lestrade.
A long kiss, his tongue sucked slowly over and over, strong hands pulling him closer as his knees parted even more.
Sherlock quickly shuffled to the bed and got under the covers but then stilled, uncertain. With a sigh John simply pulled him into an embrace.
"John." Sherlock was looking through the books on his shelf. "You don't mind? Me staying a bit? I could leave now... You probably have to work. And you've been a sensational host." There was a touch of uncertainty in his voice and he kept his eyes on the books.
One hoof tapping in the lush grasses. His mature antlers spanned an impressive width but were still in sensitive velvet. John looked him over, stared at the impressive rack of antlers. He seemed stronger, wilder.
“He’s never late, never. I was to come home after ten, after I’ve finished recording Telemachus for BBC4, a gruelling day, but wonderful director. And he typically has dinner ready. I believe it was to be Moroccan tonight. He texted me earlier to ask about my preference for wine.” The actor gave a dazzling smile. “Roussanne, of course.”
John sunk down feeling his whole body relax. A warm hand anchored him on the back of his neck. He closed his eyes and exhaled with pleasure. This. Just this. To be held, to be taken care of, wanted.
Dr. Holmes took his glass in hand and leaned to smell the wine swirling it in his glass. John felt a stirring of arousal at the sensual sight.
Lestrade called just before noon. An apparent customer grievance that turned into a violent attack on an employee of a global telecommunications company. They had the woman listed as a difficult customer, frequent technical issues and late night complaints.
Sherlock eyed the navy cardigan briefly, then pulled it on, unrolling the cuffs of the sleeves that were still slightly too short. "Cashmere, John?"
John stirred and sighed, but resettled back comfortably into his pillow. Which was good, because Sherlock now had a better view of his slightly open lips.
The glitter took four subsequent shampooings, plus he took the time to rinse the bath. No need to get John even more riled up.
"We don't have to define things right away. There's time." He touched Sherlock's cheek and lips. "I would like to see you again, very much so."
They took in only two suitcases, and to John's surprise, a violin case Sherlock handled with great care, deciding to deal with the rest tomorrow.
He was barely aware of his shaking body, at once pushing into the touches and squirming away from them.
John looked at him and his stance softened. "Thank you for the tea. I know that's as close to an apology as I'll get. Now," he gestured to the door, "I might have used most of the hot water."
He was doing well for Dr. Holmes. Small scratches at the back of his head and neck had John sink back into that wonderful feeling of being good, wanted.
Although previously pliant and unmoving he would now shift his limbs from time to test the restraints. After all, their purpose was not to hold the more than willing John still, but to anchor him, and excite him.
John closed his eyes for a moment, then looked at the food with a sheepish eye and a thought occurred.
More bites of food. A slow rhythm of touches just a tad too tender. He was swaying, still allowed to press his fingers into robust muscle, still allowed short empty thrusts.
"Once had grilled mackerel with gooseberry relish after solving a case in Dartmoor." He twirled the dandelion flower and scowled at it. "A missing race horse, an animal so valuable the local police were sure it was a case of simple theft. Had it not been for the curious incident of the dog in the night-time..."
"What, London's criminals have all given up? All the corrupt bankers and tax-avoiding villains and drug lords?"
John closed his eyes and sighed. No choice of shirt and tie would make a difference if this dinner was…
He'd been up since before dawn. Happy, busy. Baking fresh bread, changing the linens and stacking fresh towels in the room upstairs, resweeping the floors.
And finally, just as John was about to leave his desk and get ready: 'tie or no tie? come on twittersphere, desperate for tips #firstdatepanic'
The image of that long, lean body enveloping him and pushing into him was exhilarating. John was sure he wouldn't last long.
And Sherlock did. One hand sliding under him to grasp his cock tightly, the other digging its fingers into John's hip. Sherlock was grunting loudly and fucking John with abandon, passionately, even savagely.
“And since practically everyone is an idiot, some… curators… more than others, I have the absolute privilege of inviting you to dinner tonight… to ask you for something more permanent.” He squeezed his fingers. “I’d like to devote myself to you, John.”
"You are to follow every command, speak only when given permission. The exception is if you want something to stop. You will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately. Understood?"
He backed in and held one hand out to beckon with slow gestures. The creature eyed him warily but after a few moments took three measured steps inside glancing here and there, sniffing the air.
Oh, fuck. There was no chance the whole restaurant wasn’t aware of the erection he was trying to hide under the white serviette.
He’d arranged for a private morning viewing at the tropical nursery of Kew Gardens. One of the employees owed him a favor. The warm humid environment was a treat after their short walk in the bitter frost of the winter day. He loosened his scarf. Droplets of condensation and rustling of leaves and their steps on the path.
"Takeaway?" Sherlock looked appalled, "But London offers some of the finest dining in the world, John, Michelin star restaurants..."
John followed him up into a sitting room where Sherlock suddenly lost momentum and spun around, looking slightly apprehensive.
John tried his best, his body swaying slightly. The one point of contact, the hand on his cheek, reassurance. He felt held, and he felt free.
"Hm." He didn't mind the anomalous scents, because underneath it was John, all sweat, musk, warmth, heartbeat and temper, John Watson.
A 'mild traumatic brain injury'. As if the word 'mild' could be used in the same sentence with the rest of that diagnosis?! Sherlock inhaled a shaky breath and opened his eyes.
In dressing gowns and pyjamas, they ate sitting side by side on the sofa, some insipid television programme playing. But John, relaxed now, clearly enjoyed watching the three men discuss rugby as if it was of great importance. There was a colorful chart of statistics on the screen and much nodding.
John was checking on the fire in the fireplace and watching Sherlock at the kitchen table, devouring his second honey and sultana scone. Where the thin man found room for it after a large bowl of of smoked haddock, potatoes and onions they had for dinner was a mystery.
Sherlock gently pulled him into an embrace, still holding his hand. John shivered, his cheek leaning onto the man's shoulder. So close. Deep breaths.
John was shivering and gasping as the soft bristles flowed over more sensitive areas, several times unable to suppress a moan.
"Come on now. You've kept me waiting long enough." He went inside, setting down his tea cup on the kitchen table and kneeling down to stoke the fire in the cast iron stove.
Sixty seven pages, and another cup of coffee later, plus some of the biscuits John had strategically placed on the kitchen table, Sherlock was in the middle of a surprisingly detailed description of a man performing cunilingus. John's bookmark was between pages eighty two and eighty three so he must have read it. Sherlock checked the break in the book's spine.
The fire was still strong and the house warm. Sherlock, hands clenched at his back, wool socks, stood at the fireplace as if lost in thought. Cutting the vegetables and heating up a large pot of water John wondered how a person could disappear from their life, their home, with no one to ring and ask for them - the phone, once John had charged it, had kept silent.
As Sherlock beamed, rocking on his feet, John opened one. Tea. Another. And another tea. They were all different teas, the names of which John hadn't heard before.
He felt the trickle of more lubricant, and then, finally, the uneasy stretch of his body as Sherlock pushed in with a broken groan.
Sherlock climbed up the stairs and stood at the doorway looking at the bed. One didn't need to be brilliant to deduce two people had slept in it. The bed screamed it, pillow indents and dust patterns on the hardwood floor.
Dr. Holmes asked if he was happy with the fish and he confirmed it was exceptionally good. A second bottle of wine was ordered and John realised he’d been doing most of the talking.
'The duration of the whole weekend? Very well. I expect you Friday evening. You know my address. - SH'
“Also, there is an interesting anecdote about its name and and alternative one used in television programmes…”
More coughing and a small sniffle. "I... John... Yes! Of course!" There was some noise in the background and a few garbled words. "John, I am taking the cab now. Thank you, that was brilliant! Let's chat tomorrow!" And the call ended.
"And practically everyone is an idiot. There are always exceptions. I don't make a habit of masturbating."
He kept his eyes closed but knew it was futile. A small breath or shift of blanket, not louder than the crackling of the fire, yet he was aware he wasn't alone in the room.
He was far too close already. Looking down at John's slightly contorted body, mouth open, saliva down his chin, arms loosely hanging with fingers spread on the carpet, legs folded sideways and that eager erection. Sherlock lifted one leg slightly and stepped the arch of his bare foot on that gorgeous fat cock.
“Now, my foolish but brilliant boy, I think there was enough excitement for the day. Perhaps some light reading in bed?”
The tiresome waiter chose that moment in particular to reappear with the dessert menu. Sherlock was perhaps too harsh.
Most evenings they'd settle for the night with a long call. Somehow there was always a topic Sherlock wished to talk about - one of Sherlock's old cases, the detailed procedure of disassembly and cleaning of a Sig Sauer semi-automatic pistol, statistical analysis of murder by poisoning, the pertinent literature on beekeeping...
A successful scientist, a man known for his precision, dedication, fairness by his colleagues and subordinates at work. But that was all work. Had he spent too long alone to satisfy an extraordinary man like Dr. Watson?
He took slow steady steps down the long hotel corridor. Just as he was about to knock on the door, he felt an overwhelming, desperate compulsion to offer himself. He fell to his knees, head bowed, and knocked. He took several shaky breaths before the door finally opened.
I would like to offer my most sincere apologies for my inappropriate behaviour. I feel the utmost respect for you and deeply regret any action that might have caused you distress.
Sherlock was already waiting, his phone in his hands, when John arrived. He had finally chosen a pub with casual picnic table seating on its roof, a great idea considering it was still almost uncomfortably hot at eight in the evening.
No point in further delaying confirmation. "Two of us. John is adamant about reciprocating." And immediately he realized so was their killer. "Oh, yes, of course! The cleaner who called it in!"
The letter was to be delivered today. After a change in weather it was a clear and crisp morning. Quite the opposite of what Sherlock's sleepless night had been.
He should have been crawling out of his skin with boredom, throwing fits, shooting the wall, breaking glassware!
'What I meant to say, John, is that I am, unlike yourself, not experienced in the practice and may misread the intention…’
It took another two to deal with the now messy black eyeliner. He carefully passed a cotton pad dipped in makeup remover liquid over it until it was gone. It had been a very successful disguise, the suspect had offered to buy him a drink as soon as he approached the man. After that, it was just a matter of the right voice intonation, a strategically worded phrase, a touch to a tattooed biceps.
He knew he couldn't communicate what he felt, he knew his emotions were misplaced, inappropriate, a reflection of his own projection of who Sherlock was. As he wrote he felt a bit nauseous. And still, he couldn't help himself.
Pinched nipple, scratched skin, pulled chest hair. John was openly moaning, his thick red cock twitching against his stomach.
Was his John unhappy? Did he feel resentful, uncherished? Did he feel bored with it all? The surgery, the shopping, the bills and taxes and recycling of paper and chemical stains on the kitchen table and… and… Would he just leave one day?
Fist fight, torn shirt and bloodied lip. Some bitter dialogue. Another tea pot long empty. He was ready for a break.
Oh, no, you're not getting away with waking me up for your online shopping and then dropping the conversation!
John got up and took the empty cup from Sherlock's hand. Walking to the kitchen he asked, "Was it work then? That brought you all the way here?" There was some clatter and the sound of cupboards opening and closing.
A 'mild traumatic brain injury'. As if the word 'mild' could be used in the same sentence with the rest of that diagnosis?! Sherlock inhaled a shaky breath and opened his eyes.
Much thanks to Wikipedia and BBC for fun facts (and quotes I’ve appropriated) on the magnificent Amorphophallus titanum. Never had the chance to see/smell one live myself. Not sure I'd want to :-)
Now John was coming even closer and reaching into Sherlock’s unbuttened coat with both hands to envelop his waist. His face was close enough to kiss.
He did do some of his best thinking wrapped in John’s warm arms. So he settled in taking a deep breath as John pulled the duvet further up over them and brought his hand into Sherlock’s curls as was his habit.
"Yeah, I should be practising more, not wanking to the photo on the back cover of..." He laughed hysterically and pointed ahead. "Yeah... just around the corner now. Last chance to escape."
Unable to help himself after long days of waiting Sherlock pulled him up and kissed him passionately, hands on his waist and lower back, tongue eager, lips hungry. John.
A note about the mentioned public art - Angela Conner’s “Eclipse” is located on Economist Plaza, Quentin Newark’s sundial with a quote from Shakespeare’s “Henry V” (yeah, the same play that gave us "The game's afoot.") is at Old Palace Yard, behind the Parliament. In London, of course.
John looked up to see a familiar gray-haired figure poking out the upstairs window, a curtain billowing around him.
Sherlock was giddily showing him around, picking up one score or another from the top of the piano, a bottle of cold beer in his hand. John sat on the sofa with a drink of his own.
There was no fretful talk in the morning. Well, John did insist on the bowl of oatmeal, ground flax seed had been mentioned, bribing him with a spoonful of honey. But this was a weekly or fortnightly occurrence, accompanied with brief commentary on diet and fibre and healthy weight. Sherlock typically tuned it all out. Now he listened with care.
“You were the envy of the whole ballroom.” John mumbled as he relaxed into the pillows, exhausted from the day’s running about.
I would like to offer my most sincere apologies for my inappropriate behaviour. I feel the utmost respect for you and deeply regret any action that might have caused you distress.
Aware there was no chance of running into anyone John had years ago abandoned swim shorts in favor of simply stripping down and enjoying the chilly fresh water of the stream naked.
He pulled him in closer for an embrace and whispered. "Or we could test your Scriabin-blowjob hypothesis..."
He spread his legs, pulled in and cradled John between his thighs, reaching with his hands to cradle John's neck, run fingers into his hair, brush his cheeks. He leaned down and whispered against John's cheek.
"That was lovely." John gestured towards the remains of the meal stretching his arms over his head and yawning. "Thank you for cooking." He got up and helped wrap up and put away the leftovers. "Do you want me to make you some camomile?"
A few hours sleep and, luckily, finally, a proper case with the Yard on the third morning. His brother had appeared in Lestrade's office looking concerned, the left corner of his lips pinched uncharacteristically. The royals then. He demanded a refund for the taxi and his wasted time. The blasted baroness and the polo match. Any man who wasn't a complete idiot could have deduced it in nine minutes. So Sherlock took three, which included several choice expletives.
“My… physique. She left. After a mortifying dressing-down. Yeah… I was still somewhat weak after my accident, my shoulder was a mess, and she had her sights on suspension… Gave up that website…” That was three years ago.
He sunk back into the pillows as his limbs were repositioned, his hips tilted, knees parted. Fingers traced the creases behind his knees, his hipbones and the top of his thighs. It was both calming and incredibly arousing.
John leaned over the small label, hands clasped behind him, and read aloud, “Amorphophallus titanum.” His cheeks were pinking with the temperature change, tips of his fringe wet from the icy rain. He looked gorgeous. Sherlock had no doubt he’d made the right decision. Still, he was uncertain John would accept the gift.
“John, I am an accomplished man. If I were to retire tonight I’d still have a career most of British academia can only dream of.”
But there he was, socked feet tapping on the worn carpet, humming, chewing, visibly happy. And so beautiful. A riot of soft gray curls John wanted to touch.
They were both eager and Sherlock was now beyond fear and certainly long beyond unnecessary tension. He wrapped his hands around John's face.
Another record-breaking hot day cooped up in the cabin at lunchtime. Too hot to eat. John stood sweaty over the sink pouring running water over his forearms and wetting his face and neck.
Lestrade was starting to develop that strained, unattractive grimace. He tried not to look too directly at John's incensed expression.
He'd picked up his phone so many times but didn't want to seem too demanding. Surely such a formidable, composed man would find his neediness off-putting. After all, he had said he'd call to arrange another meeting. He'd kissed John, held him close and said he'd call.
He distracted himself with the violin for a while, whilst inevitably replaying the images of John's mouth, lips, tip of tongue.
He enjoyed the seemingly tedious work of raking the garden beds, found it meditative. He'd hum a tune and zone out.
“John, the two women were just hired decoys, actresses that had no knowledge their employers were in fact running a sting at the party…”
Sherlock suddenly looked unsure of himself, and disconcerted, as if he were a much younger man. He pulled one of the blankets tight around his body. The other had fallen down to the floor a while ago.
For a while he had focused on his writing, the books finally coming along with some success, and hadn't really thought it would happen. Not now. And definitely not with an incredible man he had been watching from afar. It still felt like a dream he might wake up from at any moment.
Sherlock fidgeted in the back of the taxi, John’s arms were crossed and hands unavailable. He tapped one finger on his bottom lip pretending to think about the case.
Even busier. And humid. Teenagers pushing each other on the platform. And the fare was astronomical. And he had problems with the wretched machine. No, he did not miss London.
And there, on the stairs, sitting with his hands around his knees, his face hidden, t-shirt soaked through as rain poured, rocking slightly, Sherlock.
Just like during their first encounter Sherlock carefully placed his hand on the exposed back of the neck and allowed them both time to calm down a bit.
Sherlock looked down at his hands, a tic shook him. "No, I'm awful company." He sighed. "I need to apologize for running off during your interview. John, I am sorry. I... I panicked."
John had moved down to the side of his neck and was taking his time licking and nibbling. He clearly appreciated Sherlock’s gift.
It had been true that all emotions, and in particular love, stood opposed to the pure, cold reason he held above all things. But it no longer was.
John brought a tea tray with a large bowl of stew, several thick slices of the bread and two full cups of tea. He set the tray on a side table and pushed it towards the armchair, took his own cup and sat back to watch his unexpected dinner guest.
As he exhaled Sherlock threw the cigarette away into the rain and wrapped both hands around John's face, tracing along his skin with his thumbs. The rain resumed with ferocity.
“No, not embarrassed. You were brilliant, as always. It was a fairly complex operation and you dismantled it while dancing to funky music with four different people.”
As a mental exercise, he’d often planned the murder of friends and colleagues. Well, this had some similarity, certainly he needed an immaculate strategy.
John got up quickly. "No." They both looked at him. "It's a personal dedication. You should read it yourself."
Sherlock looked over his shoulder down the carpeted sitting room, pale grey wool all the way to a polished fireplace grate. “Your husband does all the cleaning?”
"You are so beautiful Sherlock, so fucking sexy." And the man yelled, pushing his long finger fully and almost painfully into John, pumping as thick streams of semen covered his fist and chest. His whole body spasmed strongly almost unseating John.
"Let me. Please." He brought his own hands to cover Sherlock's as he took over ridding him of his shirt, unbuttoning his jeans, sliding them down to discover Sherlock was naked underneath. Sherlock winked at his brief bewilderment with a wide grin.
The weight of one large warm hand on the nape of his neck. Solid, present. A promise. This, just this. John felt himself sink into an incredible calm, at once present in the moment and floating out of the constraints of his needy body.
After a while he'd felt tired and so he sat on a nearby bench. He was in Regent's Park. It was early, just after dawn. A man walking a dog, several runners, one who looked at him with alarm. He closed his eyes to think in peace.
"Stop grinning you idiot. There was no need to provoke him, you already had the evidence." John sighed and brushed a thumb across the opposite cheek. "It will bruise quite badly. No headache?"
He sat on the sofa with his tea. "Nope. Don't need to work this morning, nothing on today but an afternoon Skype meeting." He stared at the impressive, sensitive, mercurial man wondering around his flat while tugging one rolled-up sleeve and fidgeting with his glasses. John wondered how he got so lucky. "So, what is the post-concert day like?"
"It was a pity to leave it John, it is a Corbusier. And you only have the one..." Sherlock abruptly stopped speaking.
"So beautiful for me." He felt warmth spread over his skin. He was beautiful for Dr. Holmes. Oh, how he longed to be beautiful and good for Dr. Holmes.
He'd brought up the bags and left them in the kitchen. Sherlock hadn't moved and he sat next to him.
"Oh, no, I am the one who should apologize. I am..." He stuttered a bit, suddenly losing some of his composure. "... inexperienced in these things. My behaviour was immature." Explaining himself, that strong gaze following his every move, he felt pure need to... to satisfy. "Both in the way I demanded your attention and the way I left without explanation. I... I admit I panicked."
He took a slow breath and continued. "I doubt you had more than a sandwich at lunch, if that. And it is important to me you are well and able to enjoy our time together." He took his glass and drained the rest of the water, then set it back. "John, we have time. I am not watching you faint from exhaustion tonight."
No, one glove. He picked up the one glove. It was damp. But that could have been the rain. He did not want to think about what might have happened to the other glove as he distinctly remembered returning both to the porch after working in the small garden the day before.
I’ve kicked up the rating to ‘Explicit’, to be on the safe side. Nothing this fic hasn’t explored already, but perhaps in more explicit detail in this chapter… You’ve been warned.
He gently held John close to his chest and ran one hand over his back. Denying himself this pleasure for the past six days he'd denied John, too. He'd left him at unease, uncertain about Sherlock's commitment to their relationship, and clearly yearning to be cared for.
He'd woken to sounds from the kitchen downstairs and John's shirt crumpled next to the pillows. Had he dressed for work as Sherlock slept nearby? One of the dresser drawers had been opened, the one holding John's frightfully unmatched disarray of socks.
They'd explored each others bodies and had plenty of orgasms together, even during the past tense week, but he wanted to suggest something new, something he thought Sherlock might badly want.
Sherlock's two leather suitcases were still by the door but the violin case had been carefully set on the chest of drawers and opened to let the instrument 'acclimate a little'. He'd fussed with it as John had served dinner, but now it was forgotten. John wondered if it was appropriate to ask him about it. He was curious if the man really played.
John got up from bed slowly to find it next to the armchair, his reading glasses thankfully right next to it. It was just past two.
It was a warm evening and he decided to walk for a stop or two before catching the bus home. He was holding the CD and smiling. What a madman.
A regular regime of orgasms transformed John Watson, the tight-lipped, arms-crossed, vein-throbbing, gun-wielding, door-slamming John, into a crêpe-flipping, radio-whistling, spatula-waving, hip-wiggling John. And what a sight it was to observe, the wiggling in particular.
Sherlock had baked a spinach and feta filo pie. Well, the filo dough was defrosted but still. But it was warm and served with a large green salad.
John had changed the linens this morning and was now scrubbing the bath and humming a popular tune to himself, apparently relaxed and in a good mood. While Sherlock felt a drop of sweat trail down the middle of his back, now at the point of the curvature of the lumbar.
Two steps and Sherlock was standing very close to him. And reaching to take the tea towel from his hands and set it on the counter. Suddenly, John felt a wave of anticipation.
“Listen, I… should not have mentioned it. The dinner was exceptional, really. And you. I’ve had a wonderful time… I just wanted to say, if you’ve been rethinking… If this was the reason…”
He'd not only rushed over. He was clearly tired, hadn't slept well for at least two nights, hungry. And hungry for affection.
"And would you be willing to try some discipline play?" Sherlock was not making this any easier on John, scratching his fingernails across his buttocks and one thigh.
"I've been thinking of returning to that club, where we interrogated the tax cheating suspect. Seems tattoos are part of the... scene."
"The days are getting longer. The gooseberries will be coming in soon. Not ripe as yet, but good enough to cook with."
They ate, Sherlock wearing a t-shirt too wide for his frame, pajama bottoms that didn't reach his ankles.
He'd spent several long hours with the habitually accommodating, and yet still irritating, pathologist. A drowning. Traces of an insecticide on an office worker's hand. Clear signs of an autonomic nerve issue, also a problem with the skeletal muscle cells. He could smell a trace something, sweet and cloying, but could not identify it.
He looked around but there were no signs of the creature. What would he even do if it showed up? Run back in? Would he have time? It was tall and, although the antlers were still young and covered in soft velvet, it looked wild and strong. No, there was still some of the soldier in him, he wouldn't run.
As always, Sherlock was acutely aware of every point of touch with John’s body. One of his ankles resting against Sherlock’s bare foot.
But life had its own schedule. He was low on wood and had to arrange a delivery. Then space out the chopping and stacking over four days not to overburden his aging body.
He'd not been a fan before. Not by far. His taste in music was in tune with the radio's top 40. It was mostly background noise, as he worked, wrote, ran, commuted. On headphones, his kitchen radio, in the shops. He never bought CDs or downloaded songs, music was present but of no special significance in his life.
Surprisingly, after the cautious start, Sherlock was happily mixing the forming dough as John added more water, then showed him how to knead the dough ball on the floured surface of the wooden table.
"Yeah, oh, yeah. I'm working from home for my editing job next week." He took a sip of his beer. "And the office has air conditioning."
Fascinated, Sherlock stood in front of a wall-mounted memorial fountain, luckily for the investigation, a dried up and unkempt one. The blood drops sticky in texture against the equally dark ledge, consistent with what he expected, just a confirmation they were closer to the end of this empty chase. It was the kinetic sculpture that made up the fountain that had his attention. He had deduced the workings of its mechanism, offset bearings causing the lighter disc to disappear and reappear behind the darker one, and was about to suggest to John they return in the spring to see it as it rocked under the weight of the water.
John took both of his hands. "Slow down. We're doing fine. And we're going to take our time to do this right, ok? No rush?"
Sherlock smiled. "Oh John, I promise you I will never share you." He set his tea cup down. "This is a short list, but it's a start. We can discuss details ahead of time each time we meet."
Dressed in a white tailored shirt and pressed wool trousers, a tangle of thinning salt and pepper curls held off the frowning brow by stainless steel rimmed reading glasses, svelte and slightly stooped with age.
"Starving." Another kiss and a hand touching his chest and stomach. "It is tempting to just push you back, but I haven't eaten since the concert and might faint on top of you. So, take a shower, and we'll eat.  I can manage in the kitchen, I'm sure." And with a truly wicked grin. "Then I can get on top of you."
“I… this seemed a place with a wine list?” John looked up over his shoulder and was met with an insistent gaze. Oh, please.
Indeed. “An adequate wine list, yes.” He sat across just as the waiter returned with the menus. One pointed glare and the man retreated with a bow.
The door creaked. It had never done so before. So he stood, one foot inside the room, obvious. John shifted under the duvet and woke.
And the abandon that followed. The loud moans. The fists tight in his curls. The thrusts. As he sucked. Savored. Swallowed. Lost himself in John's skin, sweat, semen.
But mostly it was the long-limbed body wrapped around him, one hand reaching under his shirt, small huffs of breath against the back of his neck.
Sherlock attempted to speak in a calm and collected manner but somehow it came out as wheezy sputtering. "Fine?! You... you... it could have..."
Their intimacy had settled into recognizable patterns that suited them both but now he felt ready for more. More touch, more exposure, more commitment.
John could not remember how they made it out of the restaurant, except for a firm hand at the small of his back, another adjusting his jacket collar and sliding slowly around his throat.
Fervent. John carefully placed both hands on the tiled wall and let the hot water sluice down his back. He’d spent most of the day trying to calm his nerves, calm the intensity of desire, of feelings he was afraid to acknowledge out loud.
Kicking off his shoes and leaving his bag and jacket on the edge of the sofa John walked up to him and leaned down for a kiss. His lips were cold and Sherlock felt the brush of his stubble. He pressed up into the kiss and brought his hands up to push them under John's cardigan.
Finally the creature advanced and carefully set the whole floral bouquet on the floor by the quilt eyeing John with a small smile.
"Yes, John." He cracked a small smile, his demeanor shifting towards a show of bold desire. "So, you were... taking me to bed?"
John was already up to close the window, muttering something decidedly unsavoury under his breath, then, predictably, to the thermostat and then the first aid kit. So, now he’ll also find out about the…
John squirmed, breathing hard. "We... I can't do this here." He pointed to the shop's window. "My face is on the fucking poster."
So he took on more hours of editing work. Ran longer distances. Stayed off Twitter. Feeling dejected.
"Nothing to be embarrassed about, perfectly normal." John was using his 'considerate doctor' voice and Sherlock took another sip of tea.
He pushed one finger in and sighed. He was becoming aroused, from his own touch, but even more from being so exposed to the sleeping man behind him. He pushed another finger in and shivered. His breathing was becoming labored.
"Tea first, then we'll discuss fashion." Another long, soft kiss. "But in my opinion you look amazing." And with a small grin John pinched his buttocks.
The expected drop in adrenaline. He'd taken a long hot shower to ease the sense of sleep into his aching muscles.
Well, after the long stakeout behind the dumpsters in the bitter downpour. He'd miscalculated that part. Thinking, undoubtedly due to his inexperience in such matters, that the tension of the stakeout, the hint of danger, the need for low voices and sitting close, would be a good moment... yes, a bit wide of the mark, considering the rain, the cold, the difficult to ignore smell of rotting rubbish.
Amused, John watched and listened, as his guest spoke at length and with surprising understanding of beekeeping.
"And I assume the day's 'plan' had something to do with the, frankly astonishing, selection of condoms you left displayed in the bath this morning?"
"It was supposed to be quick two-day case, John, barely a four. I only accepted because London has been so dreadfully boring lately." He looked a bit sheepish. "I may have rushed to the auto rental with insufficient preparation, as it is."
Or so he thought until the man, in a moment of understandable paranoia, started waving about the weapon and John moved to tackle him to the ground. The scene far too familiar. But, this time, playing out in a completely different manner.
They'd gotten into bed last night without a second thought. John changed into his pyjamas and brushed his teeth, while Sherlock simply stripped down to his pants and crawled under the duvet, mumbling something, one sock still on.
Well, sensual titillation was not the extent of what he could provide for this exceptional man. And he was not shy to show it. He kissed one temple softly.
Then a bad cold. Four days of fever and feeling miserable, inflamed throat, loss of appetite. Bowls of oatmeal and endless cups of tea. Cracked lips and horrible headaches. At the end of the slow recovery he was exhausted.
Every time he felt a bit unnerved he glanced at the abandoned tea cup and it settled him. Yes, it was definitely time to deal with this. He was an adult in a lively sexual relationship with a man who was caring and patient, as well as passionate. And who had seen him fully naked on just three brief occasions.
A thumb circled over his knuckles, fingers slid up to wrap around his wrist. The window was cracked open and he heard London's traffic in the distance. Sherlock closed the distance between them and pressed his face against John's chest.
Sherlock's shoulders visibly relaxed a notch. He smiled, blinked again, and set to work covering most of the booklet with notation. Adding the number at the end.
So, some seven months ago I had this image of the hand at the back of the neck as a soothing, intimate, loving gesture... to quote Oscar Wilde's essay
Sherlock curled into himself more tightly on the sofa, his back onto the room, pointedly ignoring how empty it was.
"Hopefully the book I'm now writing won't disappoint. Going well so far, but you can never tell until it's done. And you, a busy day?"
The wind was positively howling, the cold harsh. The snow was already past his ankles and falling thick. And there was no one there. If John wasn't careful he'd slip and they'd find him frozen outside his doorstep. Wouldn't that be a story for the locals in the village pub. Struggling a bit with his gloves he switched on the torch and waved it in the direction of the road. Just in case.
He allowed his body to cool down as he lazily maneuvered in the water, wetting his head and taking several gulps. The stream was not as turbulent as during the snowmelt of the spring and he dived and floated at his leisure.
"Come on." John took his hand, pulled him up from the sofa and kissed him. Sherlock slid his hands around him and grabbed John's buttocks with a groan. The kiss was longer than either expected.
John was curious and softly stepped closer to peek through the glass inserts of the door. It was still quite dark but he made out a moving shadow and heard more shuffling of hooves. He then made the mistake of stepping on a creaking floorboard. A whisper and a blur and the animal was gone.
"Come on, bed." John tugged at Sherlock's wrist and he got up to follow. Up the stairs. John's room. John's bed.
Thank you all who had the patience and didn’t give up on this fic. This may not be the most intriguing chapter but I’m attempting to get on with the plot after almost ten months of hiatus, and it’s a stumbling comeback. We can all tell where this is going, but if you have a particular London-ish quirk or case idea I might incorporate in future chapters, let me know! No promises on when I'll get the luxury of time at the keyboard...
"You can see little bits of pieces of pink nail polish crusting along with the wounds." His voice pierced through the silence as he shifted, closing his gloves around something.
We had exited the car before it even had even come to a complete stop. The cabbie slightly cursing as I more so had to toss the money in his direction to keep up with Sherlock's pace. I still had to jog quickly to meet up with him, using both hands to push open the doors as he sped walked through the narrow but long bright white walls of the morgue. We had made it into the room to which Molly and Lestrade were waiting, Molly having a slightly nervous expression, most likely for having Sherlock in the room, but was nonetheless ready for any commands that happened to come her way. Lestrade seemed annoyed and more so bored, seemingly ready to 'get on with it already'.
Sherlock took a deep breath, clearly preparing himself to ask an important question as he turned to face the women. Giving her a long once over, looking for something within her stance or posture to explain the answer to the question given to her. When he found what he was looking for he opened his mouth ready to ask follow-up questions.
“What about the rest of the beekeepers?” I asked suspiciously confused as to why Sherlock didn’t want to investigate any further.
"And why would they wait in the crowd?" Lestrade questioned as he ran a hand through his short grey hair, already giving a hand signal to the police to go after the suspect in question.
"I'm pulling a lot of strings to let you see this. You cannot disclose any information about this case. Got it?" His voice was stern, like a father warning their son about misbehaving, but still having some form of hope it won't happen.
"That would explain the words poison carved into the trees." I inquired, keeping my attention on Sherlock as I lifted my hand to be put underneath my chin.
"You know if you ever want to hold hands you can just ask." His eyebrow was raised in a questioning look like it was such a stupid assumption. "If anything you are the one who prefers not to publicly express it as much." I found a smile across my face as I leaned towards him a bit putting our faces closer together. Speaking in a quieter tone I spoke up.
"Fantastic," I mumbled out in awe, it always amazes me how quickly he can solve cases that the police had to call him to solve. No matter how many times I see it, it never fails to amaze me.
"His name is Niko Salas, his only criminal record was from a few years ago, he went to court for-" Lestrade started but was cut off.
"But it's not the same as when you come over and grab my hand without warning." I saw his eyes widen and his head tilt to the side as he contemplated my words. I leaned away from his face and sit back in my previous position, the tone turning a little less light as I opened up about why. "It makes it seem like you want to be with me." I turned and gave him a large smile, trying my best to express how content I felt on the inside, despite the worries that plague my mind.
"Mm?" Was my only response as I looked at him just as confused as him, it seemed like he was trying to figure something out. But what? I stared at him waiting for his reply, deciding not to push it.
"I did sign up for this. You say danger, and I come." I was paraphrasing him, a line he told me not too long after we met. An accurate statement despite how long ago it was said. I thrived off danger and the thrill it gave to me, no matter how hard I try, I would never be able to turn away on this life Sherlock created for me.
"The game is on John!" He replied back, his gloved hand raising up to point his pointer finger to the sky, but he did slow down his stride in order for me to catch up just in time to reach the crime scene.
"The killer did believe the victim was a killer. In order to figure out why the killer did it. We need to know what they believed the victim did." I looked up at him, seeing him look at me with a small smile, clearly now being able to see a way to which he could solve the case that in his mind had gone cold.
It had been two hours since we left the morgue, and made it back home. And for the last hour and forty-five minutes. (If you took out the car ride home) Sherlock had been laying around soberly on the stretched out about the whole couch. I could practically feel my icy glare bouncing off of the lying man reflecting back to punch me in the face as I brought up the cup taking a sip out of my now cold tea.
"Honestly Sherlock, how do you do it?" I almost laughed out in awe, I knew the answer, but at the same time was completely dumbfounded. I watched as he stuck out his hand, trying to hail a cab as he turned to look at me. Speaking out in a confident, but bored tone.
"John," His voice is a rumbling comfort, contrasting greatly against his rumbling growl. I knew instantly that he turned his head to face me, I could feel those piercing blue eyes staring a hole into my skull. The pressure felt uncomfortable making me close my eyes, and feel the need to turn away and urge I followed through on. "We both know that I was also in the wrong. It is I who should be apologizing to you."
"It's the letter K." My voice was similar to one of a whisper, awe flooding through my mouth from being able to solve the mystery of the letter carved into his skin.
“While I understand that we have different morals and standards, we are there to help solve crimes and help people. Not to make them fear us without any legitimate proof that they were the ones who in fact committed the crime.” I let out a deep sigh, “None of this could be used as evidence now because he could say he was forced into saying those things. And he would be in the right too! Whether he was the killer or not.” I turned to look at Sherlock who was nodding in agreement.
"Brilliant, absolutely brilliant." He leaned down and placed a small kiss upon my forehead, heating up my cheeks as I couldn't stop the smile on my face, a genuinely happy smile. I felt accomplished and proud to find a case that Sherlock didn't believe was a waste of time. Just as quickly as he bent down, he snapped himself up, making sure not to put pressure on my wounded shoulder as he stood. He briskly walked over to the coat rack, swinging his black slick cuffed coat over his shoulders, slipping his arms into the sleeves, as I pushed myself off my chair as I walked over, slipping on my coat as well as he opened his phone. I smiled as I reached up bringing down his dark purple scarf, his fingers speedily typing out a text to someone I can only assume was ethier Molly or Lestrade.
"Oh..." Was all Sherlock breathed out, his eyes had widened a little bit. His facial expression turned blank. He turned his head to face towards me. "Of course." He mumbled out. "Right, we should ask his family and find the location of the people who were part of Maxwell Bull's family."
"Why would they use something that can be easily related back to them?" I glared gently at Sherlock who wasn’t even looking at me, rather he was sprawled across the entire couch staring up at the ceiling with his hands underneath his chin.  I gently closed the newspaper I was reading and closed it, setting it gently down upon my leg. Realizing I was going to become part of this conversation whether I really wanted to or not.
Sherlock turned around and put his face near John’s crotch like he was about to give him a blowjob, but he was searching for the dick to suck instead. “This is bad, John. Normally nothing escapes my eyes, but your dick has managed to. Maybe we should go see your doctor.”
Lying right before him was John Watson-Trump and a dick that stretched from his crotch and looped ten times around the operation chair, the end dangling out of the medical curtain.
“What I love about you is that you don’t waste any time,” hummed Sherlock. “Which sex dungeon should it be tonight?” But it was hard for John to reply since Sherlock crammed his tongue down John’s throat.
John Watson-Trump looked in the mirror in his hotel room. He ran a slightly crusty comb through his hair, trying to tame his wispy curls. He took a deep breath.
The same green-haired boy from before burst into the courtroom again. “Shouchannnnn~~~~~~~~~ Are you finished with your case yet? Boku wa very hungry desu!”
To this, John nodded. Although they were now in debt with every single one of America’s leading banks, and even some foreign ones too, it would be well-worth it for the massive, erect schlong he’d have after his surgery.
“I...Corey, put out a statement of withdrawal, as your last task. I’m going to pay an old friend a visit.”
“Thank you for the operation, Dr. Biden, but I do believe it’s time for us to leave now,” said Sherlock, slowly winding John’s cock into a hose-like shape and tossing it into John’s arms to carry.
“Welcome citizens of our great nation!” exclaimed Eren, the debate moderator. “I’m Eren, and this is my husband Levi.” He gave Levi a loving noogie. Levi looked pissed off and stole the microphone. “We’re going to start off with the pledge of the United States. Please join me and rise.”
At the mention of Bill Clinton Sherlock lost his erection entirely. “Uncuff me so I can have a look,” he said, his bare ass and limp dick still in the air. John did as he was told.
“Make love to me baby,” panted John, who was soaking wet. “I want you in my love hole.” He was so hard he felt like he was going to die.
Sherlock and John stood hand in hand at the entrance of 221B(DSM). “Um, Sherlock...I have a request,” said John shyly.
“Tell me it from the beginning,” said The Doctor. “Of when it happened, I mean, I’m a very busy man.”
Upon hearing the word monster cock, Sherlock felt a twitch in his groin. He had been depriving himself all these years with John, and at the prospect of winning this court case, felt a monster cock of his own develop in his pants.
I thought about it long and hard and sighed. “Ok, Sherlock. But if anything you do violates me, I’m getting my ass out of here.”
George W. Bush stared at me deep with his red tinted eyes. “It’s the marijuanananana mannnn… I’m so fucking
“Guygahyah!!” cried out John. The friction was too much. He could feel the corners of his vision turning white. And suddenly that wasn’t the only thing that was white, as he felt his milky love juice stick on his thighs.
“No touching yourself without permission,” John said. Then, in a whisper, “Do you remember our safe word?”
“How about 12 inches? Twice the length of an average man’s, it would still put you in the top 1% of largest shlongs, but be probabilistically less likely to cause infection or pain,” suggested Sherlock. “Also, we would save $8 trillion.”
“And I’m shook,” said The Doctor. “Wait, I have a hunch as to why your dick disappeared. How long did the orgasm last?”
“Yeah, I’m trying to keep a low profile,” replied Bill Clinton. “Well, hope you and your husband sort it out at home,” he said amicably.
“Dude,” said John, putting 12 boxes of Hot Pockets into the microwave. “Have you ever, like, thought about why Ryan Ross and Brendon Urie broke up?”
“John, you forgot to make this donation anonymous. ‘Dear John, I wish the best for a speedy procedure and a massive cock that I know you deserve. $1 million, from John Watson-Trump.’ Also, you know that Gofundme takes a 2.9% cut of every donation as part of their service fee?”
John put another Hot Pocket into the microwave. “Keep putting them in, keep doing it!” Sherlock yelled while throwing a Hot Pocket at George W. Bush.
“Are you ready for the time of your life,” asked the man seductively. He hadn’t looked down at John’s exposed crotch yet.
“But honey, you look so bloody sexy right now. Just think about how much sex we can have with your thick, 17-foot dick.”
ly my goal now,” said Sherlock, as he licked his lips. “And please, call me Daddy.” He noticed that in John’s surprise, he hadn’t yet chosen a floor. Sherlock pressed the top floor.
“Well, I have good news and bad news,” said The Doctor after he had explored John’s groin for a while. “The good news is that your penis did not shrink from 0.5cm as was its size at the time of your last appointment. The bad news is that, indeed, it seems to have disappeared.”
“I believe in...strong, traditional family values,” said John, in his most confident voice. Some people in the crowd cheered. “It’s just not right to me,” he continued, gaining more confidence. “No offense to you or your, um, wife.”
John, whose vision was still blurry, turned his head towards the door. “M...Mycroft!? Mr. President!?!?”
Inside, Joe Biden sat on top of his sink, fiddling with his necktie. The water was on, getting his ass and pants wet. Behind him, John’s body was hid behind a medical curtain, blocking all but an odd, fleshy appendage from his view.
The stage lights were bright. Sherlock looked around: plenty of people to make a good impression on. He scouted out the competition: the idiot Trump, the shy O’Malley, and his biggest threat, his brother, Clinton. Cruz, someone who looked like he was permanently sitting on a cactus, was nowhere to be seen. Bad for his campaign, thought Sherlock. Good for Sherlock’s, though—if he could beat his brother in the primaries, he would basically have no competition from the Republicans.
The man put his face in his palm. “This is disgusting,” he said to himself. “I don’t get paid enough for this. I need he drink,” he said, picking up his cocktail and downing all of it. In his giant gulp he didn’t even notice he had ingested John’s micropenis.
“There! Look, John, you have that massive, erect member you’ve been waiting for this whole time. Now we can finally—”
John looked like it was Christmas and he was about to get a pony. “All right!” he exclaimed, reaching for the handcuffs. He turned Sherlock on his back and cuffed his wrists together. “Get ready for a serving of Daddy’s big cock tonight,” he said.
All of a sudden the door to the club opened, indicating another patron. “Sorry boy, your time is over. Gotta entertain another one now,” said the man with an audible wink. He glanced over to the stranger. “Welcome! Can I help you today?”
“Sounds delicious,” replied Sherlock, who felt his member hard against the fabric of his cotton boxers. John pulled them down swiftly and kissed Sherlock’s butt cheeks as he pulled down his own new pair of Burberry boxers with his initials (JHWT) embroidered in them.
Sherlock lifted a handkerchief to his eyes, wiping away the tears that had gathered. Beside him, his new husband of five years, Joe Biden, gripped his free hand.
“So, as one last honor to our fallen friend, we will play his second favorite movie. Please put on your VR-headsets and enjoy the show.”
“Okay,” said John, who knew Sherlock was being reasonable but still felt a pang of regret in his heart and scrotum. “I’ll go set up the fundraiser,” and he went off to his computer, typing one letter at a time since John only typed with two fingers.
John knew it. Even without seeing his dong, Sherlock still managed to give him the most amazing orgasm of his life and embarrass him at the same time, just like in the debate.
The man smiled, and looked down at John’s pleasure area. “Wait… where is your dick?” he asked, genuinely confused.
“Great for publicity,” I said. I put on my shades so the paparazzi wouldn’t take any photos of me, because I do not support celebrity culture. I walk towards the venue surrounded by Sam, Dean, and Bobby, my security, protecting me.
“We did it, John. We finally paid off all our debts. We can finally get that monster cock you’ve been waiting for.”
“Sherlock…” said John, looking his husband in his icy grey eyes. “I’m so sorry. I was just so horny in the office today and I couldn’t wait for you to get out of work, so I made a stop here before I came home,” he started crying. “Please forgive me. I just needed to have sex so badly. And you’ve been so busy. I still love you so much. I just needed to beat my meat.”
I sigh. “Clearly you’re not. The rainbow fox wearing checkered arm warmers on your phone case and all the cat hairs on your leggings really help your case. Do skip wearing black next time. Although it is the most complimentary for your figure.” I turn to my security, no longer immobilized. “Please escort these children out of the venue. I’m here to talk about America’s
I slowly backed away from the man whose head was stuck in one position. I got into my car and began to drive to the place on the card.
“What the fuck!?” exclaimed John. “Are you staying here too? Haven’t you humiliated me enough for a day, Holmes-Sanders?”
But the shirts finally came off, and the belts were next. John suddenly felt the same nervousness he had felt in the beginning of the debate surge up his spine. If Sherlock knew the truth about his dick, he would never become president, but more importantly, he would never be able to get laid ever again. In that moment, John resolved that his pants would never come off.
The arena was vibrating with excitement, and I wasn’t even inside yet. I pulled up from my private Über—a non-pretentious black Honda Sedan, because I was a man of the people and the millennials—and stepped out to the grimy streets of Los Angeles. An alley cat meowed. A homeless woman tried to approach me for money. I got nervous so I turned my head towards my campaign manager, Dean Winchester-Weaver. “What are the numbers in there?” I asked.
One good thing came out of the whole mess: John, finally comfortable with his sexuality, had found true love. He cuddled closer to Sherlock, who was still raging that his old, fat brother had the mic.
“He is,” said Sherlock, grabbing John’s arm and shoving him into the operation chair. “Remember, Joe? John Watson-Trump is here for you to give him a 17 inch penis. We’ve already paid you the $17 trillion in advance.”
“Holy smokes!” exclaimed The Doctor, staring at my micropenis. He took out a ruler and put it next to my dong. “2 centimeters… How many is it when erect?”
“Now, show Daddy who’s a good boy,” whispered Sherlock, which caused another moan from John, “Weeeeewooooo.”
“That’s what I’m here for baby,” said the man as he lowered his round buttocks onto John’s rock hard dick.
John stared at the large strip club in front of him. He walked in and sat on a hard chair. A man in a rainbow leotard came over and sat on top of John.
“That wasn’t my first time doing that operation, you know… In fact… I’ve done it on myself as well.”
“Thanks!” replied John as he handed Bill a suitcase full of $100s. “Bye Bill!” John left with Sherlock.
“You’re a furry,” I say, pointing to the purple one. “You read gay fanfiction instead of doing your homework, publically identify as a trash can, and spend your parent’s hard-earned money on imported figurines that you then pose in sexual positions,” I say, pointing to the green one. “And you…” I say that the one with the stone taped to her head, “Judging from the quality of your, er,
“Johnny boy! What the hell were you thinking! It’s gonna take millions to get the media to shut up about this one!”
“Aww, don’t cry baby,” said Sherlock even though he was the reason John was crying. “Let’s watch your favorite movie to cheer you up.”
“I live in a penthouse mansion with 3 stories, 16 rooms and 3 sex dungeons! I have money,” said John.
Though they had only attended the funeral after getting a few bribes from Mycroft, Shouto and Izuku stood up as well. “We might not have been close with him, but we can say that we really did…
Sherlock, who had managed to shove a fist in his ass and was now trying to get another one in, quickly withdrew his hand. “John? John, what’s wrong?”
“Fuuuuck,” John panted, already feeling horny. The man’s skilled fingers wove their way into his Gucci jeans, making John groan both from anticipation and the fact that his poor 3,500 dollar jeans were being treated so poorly.
The second they made it into the 221B(DSM) sex dungeon, Sherlock shoved John down onto the bed, hard, and began the lengthy process of unwinding his dick.
John ignored him. “I figured, why not just round up? 20 inches. $20 trillion wouldn’t be that hard to raise, would it? If everyone donated a reasonable 20 grand, we’d just need a few thousand donations.”
Mycroft Holmes-Clinton finished off the last of his fruit tart, brushing the crumbs off his seamlessly tailored pants. As the current Secretary of State, he wasn’t really worried about the threat of his little brother Sherlock’s campaign. He had a very solid network behind him. He was going to win the presidency, either way. Really, he already was the most powerful man in all of America. It was time to make that even more official.
Mycroft Holmes-Clinton and “Ted” Cruz...so he won by default, inspiring a re-evaluation of the US’s two party system.
Joe looked up and stopped touching his necktie. “Oh hello Sher… uhm, well, it’s uhhhh time for my lunch break now.”
Corey suddenly grabs the crusty comb and slaps me with it. “John you fucking idiot!” he yells. “You posted a picture of your crusty ass dick next to a ruler on Twitter! Delete it! Delete it!"
“Whatever!” I say. “I don’t need women supporting me!” The men in the crowd cheer as she leaves and I feel good.
Sherlock thought John was going to be pissed, or worried, or throw a tantrum, but he was none of those. John was elated. “That’s almost how much I need to raise for a new dick!! If we win the lawsuit, that takes care of our problems!”
“My first decree as head of the executive branch is to end the fruitless war on drugs. In fact, I’ve enacted executive powers, and Congress has
The man nodded in understanding and continued to mash his silky crotch into John’s. John had gotten soft when the man had pointed out his micropenis, but quickly became hard again in an instant. He could feel his pulse rise in his dick as his heartbeat matched the rhythm of the man’s thrusting.
I take a deep breath. “I’m a man of the people! I’m here to listen. Free college tuition for everyone!”
“You’re right, Sherlock. I feel a little better now, even if I am mysteriously missing half the skin on my body. Speaking of which, where the bollocks did you find all the extra skin for my magnum schlong?”
I laugh at my adoring fan and pull a pen out of my pocket. Not realizing that the pen was covered in my semen, I sign my name all over the person’s boobies. She retaliates in horror as she sees that my pen is covered in sticky white fluid.
The elevator dinged. Thankful for not having to respond to Sherlock, John dashed into the door of his penthouse. “I’m going to go in here and report you for sexual harassment, Sherlock! You’re not going to follow, or I’ll have you arrested too!”
When John regained his senses, someone was shaking him gently on the shoulder. “John? John!” yelled Sherlock, with a hint of panic in his voice.
“Actually, speaking of lawsuits, you should take a look at this letter,” said Sherlock, handing him a heavy envelope. John opened it and found a message from Bill Clinton, printed on fancy cardstock with a bunch of complicated words.
“Bill Clinton is still relevant?” asked The Doctor, who then realized he was asking the wrong question. “How many times did you cum?”
“Oh yeah baby you fucking like that,” Sherlock moaned. He grabbed John’s zipper and unzipped it, revealing the tiny mosquito-bite looking bump on his underwear.
John pulled up his Burberry boxers. The last time he felt this embarrassed was when he tweeted a picture of his crusty micropenis instead of flaming Sherlock like he had intended on. But at least back then he had 0.5cm. 0.5cm was better than 0cm.
John and Sherlock weren’t even excited at the prospect of John’s monster cock anymore. They had even bigger problems. How were they going to pay Bill Clinton 10 trillion dollars?
“Baby...I just...keep on thinking about that monster cock of yours,” purred Sherlock. “I’m so excited for your dick, Daddy."
“Okay, we can go in my 2,000 meter private jet,” said John, as he texted his doctor to alert him that he was on the way.
“John, I’m surprised you’re such a supporter of strong family values,” jumped in Sherlock. “Care to explain what that, ah, white stuff in your hair is?”
“Hey, bitches, have you guys listened to this dank ass album?” asked George W. Bush. He held up a first edition CD of
“We’re not an anime!” they shout. “We are the crystal gems, and we’re here to save the day.” They suddenly storm on stage holding picket signs. My security is useless in the face of their determination. The signs say
“Arigatou, Izuku. I’ll see you at home,” said the judge curtly, but with a slight smile on his face. “Anyway, may the first witness take the podium?” At this cue, Bill Clinton stepped up. “Do you promise that the testimony you shall give in the case before this court shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?”
I rang the doorbell of a nice, maybe $500,000 house. I tried not to silently judge the plebeian middle class home of the therapist. I almost shat myself when I saw who opened the door. It was…………………. SHERLOCK!
“It...doesn’t get erect anymore. I seem to have also developed erectile dysfunction,” said Bill, quietly. There were more hushed whispers from the crowd.
“I need to get you hard, right? It looks like you’re about halfway there already, but… Oh no, you’re getting softer by the minute! John, I’m sorry. I was only focusing on my own pleasure rather than your thick schlong. Lemme give you a hand.”
“Keep putting them in? What the fuck do you mean, Sherlock; this is only the first one I’ve put in.” John continued to put more Hot Pockets into the microwave.
John suddenly realized something was off. He was really horny looking forward to serving Sherlock’s ass a piece of his cock, but he didn’t feel the usual warmth in his groin. He looked down and couldn’t see anything, which wasn’t out of the ordinary. Instead he reached out and patted around the area where his micropenis usually was. He only felt his nuts.
“Unfortunately, the will ends there, and Mr. Watson-Trump never specified where his assets will go—besides the sex dungeons, of course… So, as a compromise, we’ve decided to use the money to erect a life-size, completely nude statue of Mr. Watson-Trump right in front of the Oval Office.”
George W. Bush suddenly burst through the door. “Guys hey guys hey hey guys hey. Come here guys hey here guys look hey here hey hey.”
“Oh. I have...a micropenis,” sighed John. “But let’s not talk about that right now please. I didn’t pay for the most talented person in this club to not have a good time!”
“I’m sooo fucking hard right now,” Sherlock whimpered. He palmed his erect member, precum already dripping through and soaking his trousers. John whipped his left asscheck.
Sherlock, walking in a way that smeared his nut all over the floor and thus out of sight from Joe and John, took a seat by his husband.
“Bye John,” said Bill, but he was too distracted counting the money. Just how much did this guy have, and did it come through tax evasion!?
approved this new bill. Starting today, all around America, gay weed is legalized!” Mycroft continued forming words, but even the mic feed wasn’t strong enough to pick them up over the overwhelming cheers of the crowd.
“Oh, let’s not bother, I don’t want to make us late. I’m sure they’ll be safe in Bush’s house,” answered John, and proceeded to head to the bathroom. The real reason he went to the bathroom was because he hadn’t nutted in almost a week. He felt like if he wasn’t going to cum soon, he was going to die. He got really horny thinking about the new foot long cock that would soon be his, that soon would be inside Sherlock’s sweet asshole. The thought of Sherlock stretched wide and full of 4 liters of his cum. Before, his micropenis was too small to properly breach Sherlock’s anal cavity when he topped, but that would no longer be the issue. God, he was so horny. He tweaked his nipples as he took off his sweat-drenched shirt before he replaced it with the $1,000 clean undershirt for his $10,000 suit. He was ready to win a monster cock.
I am offended. Not as a cis white male, but the Facebook RSVPs were for me tonight, not them. So I let it slip out. I’ve gone through so many practice sessions with my staff, late at night, to try to keep it in. But I couldn’t control it, and I now regret it. I didn’t even notice the roar of the crowd had died down, in my anger.
“Mr. Watson-Trump, it is not your turn to speak. Please do not talk out of line,” said the judge. Turning to Bill’s lawyer, he asked, “So why does the persecution believe Mr. Watson-Trump is at fault?”
“A few minutes after they stepped out of the club, I noticed a strange tingling in my crotch which I went to check on. That’s when I saw it,” said Bill.
At the sound of Mycroft’s voice Sherlock’s dick shriveled. “What? Judge--” but he noticed the judge was gone, as was the jury. In fact, the courtroom was empty--after John’s Twitter scandal, he was viewed as a public sex offender and no one wanted to be near him.
John thought for a while. Previously, he’d never been able to breach even the first centimeter of Sherlock’s ass crack—he was only .5cm, after all. But now…
“Let Senator Holmes-Sanders finish, please,” said Eren, who was slowly rubbing his ass in circles around Levi’s crotch, as Levi let out breathy moans.
The rainbow leotard wearing man suddenly ripped off John’s jeans, immediately grabbing his My Little Pony boxers and tearing them in half. John stared dejectedly at the broken, torn up face of Pinkie Pie with only a small ounce of regret. He always liked Fluttershy the most, anyway.
“Oh John, how you flatter me. I do not have children, nor am I married. But that last part can change if you want it to,” said Sherlock with an audible wink.
But John couldn’t hear him. His head felt light, like all the blood had suddenly left his brain and instead was traveling to his—
The doors open, the cameras flash, and I walk on stage, removing my shades, putting on a huge smile, and waving towards all my supporters. There are so many people here, which makes sense because I’m a man of the people. The cheers would deafen me but I’m wearing earplugs. My security forms a circle around me as I step towards the microphone.
“It’s me, not my dumbass brother you dumbass! I thought we were married! How could you do this to me!” screamed the stranger who was actually Sherlock who was on the verge of tears.
Sherlock stroked his cock to completion before John could reply. By then, he was already past feeling dizzy, having transcended into a state that could only be described as Risen Up.
