When he returns fifteen minutes or so later, it is with two cups of tea, cautious but definite permission from Sherlock's nurse, an armful of linens, an oxygen tubing extension, a plastic sleeve, some tape, extra cardiac monitor electrodes, several alcohol pads, and an IV flush syringe.
- questions. "Well, I'll be back in a bit. I'm glad you had a visitor anyway. He certainly seems to care ..."
There was a slow blink in return, and Sherlock sighed as he turned away from his brother, his ride, his rescuer for the evening. Tipping his head against the window, he closed his eyes again, blew out a breath. "Go away."
"And where's the life lesson in that?" John stood his ground for a few long seconds but then chuckled to himself and joined in on restacking the file contents. "So I take it you're all right if Rosie keeps her plans? I mean, I could tell her no and keep her in tonight."
"I'd be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to keep tabs on him. In exchange for information."
John could feel his mouth go instantly dry - and despite the fact that he suspected, that he just knew the woman's identity - and immediately he worried about protecting Sam, worried about making waves, wondering what this woman could possibly want. On the heels of that thought,
"No, it's not that. And wow, it's ... fantastic, really. But a total surprise." He slid his feet into his shoes, dimmed the light again, and approached the bed. "Thank you should have been my first words." Bending low, he pressed lips up against Sherlock's warm, sleepy mouth. "I mean it. It was ... just unexpected. And ... a great start to the day."
"Bullshit on that. You just choose not to be responsible for your behaviour. Whatever excuse suits you at the time."
He managed to give himself an internal, mental shake. He needed quite expeditiously to tamp down on the unease, the negativity, the ... darkness inside before going to talk to Ella. He would hide it, shove it away, bury it, keep it under wraps. The last thing he needed was for his therapist to discover the depths of the despair within him.
." His tone and his direction was enough to at least get her moving down the hall. "You too," he said, a hint of a smirk, and Sherlock whirled annoyed on a heel and followed.
The term draws John up short, and he finds himself yearning for the breathing tube to be gone so that they can tell conclusively that Sherlock is all right. They already know he's moving all extremities, that there's no facial droop, no focal deficit, that his reflexes are intact. But is he oriented, processing, able to speak and to see and to read? These can't be completely assessed until the sedation comes off and the endo tube is out.
"Sherlock, stop it. You'll feel better once you've slept this off, emerged from this ... crash or whatever explains your malaise." A car had arrived, and Mycroft prompted Sherlock inside before joining him. "I dare say you should endeavor to engage in other hobbies that don't get you in trouble."
"Oozing but not worse." The nature of the fasciotomy - making an incision to relieve the pressure within - was going to be open and expected to bleed a little. He hadn't looked away from it more than a few seconds, and those, to check the colour and appearance of Sherlock's affected leg foot and ankle.
Relief surges through John's own chest as he sees that he is okay, that he is not in distress, that he is safe.
"All right?" John fights every urge he has to get in Sherlock's face, to talk to him, to ask questions, to interact with him. To possibly place his lips on Sherlock's temple. Or the back of the hand he's been holding the past days. But he directs the question to the nurse, knowing that to talk with Sherlock is presently counter-productive and would have him expend more energy on non-essentials. Breathing for the moment is his highest priority.
"No I'm not." Rapidly, John was subjected to some quick movements, that for some reason Ted decided that yes indeed, extreme measures were warranted and John was definitely going running with him. A burst of energy, a bending, Ted's shoulders flexing, arms grabbing and jerking. The cot was upended, John unseated onto the hard floor with a short burst of incensed profanity, and Ted grabbed at John's shirt.
"Fine." Sherlock sneered just a little, and then slipped his hand into John's as they walked along in silence for a few blocks. "So, our final night away, and I'm still waiting."
"No.” Despite the hour, and the darkness, John could just tell, me knew that something was a bit too smooth. “You're ... Are you categorising my vital signs or something?"
Time passes so slowly, painfully, marching inefficiently and in an altered dimension in the waiting room. John texts Molly, where he has deposited Rosie for the night, a quickly composed,
They do not notice Angelo watching them occasionally, seeing the change, the shift, the focus. He notices everything. He notices their rings. He notices when they are preparing to leave, and makes sure to follow them to the doorway, where he chuckles and does the usual farewell, please come again routine. He waits until they are a few steps away then adds, "Oh, by the way," and there is a lilt and a tone that makes both John and Sherlock turn, questioningly.
Let the head-shaking and eye-rolling begin again. "Might want to chew and swallow carefully in that position." John settled into a chair, crossed one ankle over the other, and opened his textbook. Actually reading or studying, however, he found rather difficult over attempting to ensure Sherlock's safety using only his peripheral vision. His colour did return to that of normal flesh tones. And although John didn't have documented evidence, he would be able to say with certainty from that time forward, that it is indeed possible to eat in an upside down position.
"Bed is fine for tonight. Plenty of time to get up tomorrow," the nurse assures him. "I brought your pills in. The clopidogrel, we talked about earlier, for the stent. A couple of paracetamol, for aches." Sherlock nods, definitely agreeable to that. "And I'll be drawing some blood later, check on the heparin dosage. You guys need anything else?"
"No call is ever completely alike, so obviously ... you find something in common if you can. Make a connection."
John briefly considered trying to drift back to sleep, knew the vague discomfort would prevent it. "Actually yes I do. Be right back." He shuffled quietly to the loo, and found the need to think about where the light switch was disconcerting, the placement of the plumbing unfamiliar, the toothbrushes resting on the sink edge instead of in their customary holders at home.
"Can I help you?" John began, taking off the headset and standing up. "We don't really have appointments here, but ..."
There are names on the wall, some photos, a few tables with tasteful tributes, flowers, and frames to sign or write a memory on.
"... I just don't know how you can possibly have known that, I don't even talk to my girlfriend about that time of my life ..."
"I'd offer you something else, but we already did that. Not to mention," John said with a cheeky grin at Sherlock as they both reclined against the headboard, "you're a mite overdressed."
John watches the bed, Sherlock's mode of transport yet again, disappear into the holding area of the cardiac cath lab. He has done this, he thinks, too many bloody times in the last few days. Left behind, again, he sighs, another all too familiar state of being. Empty, nervous, edgy, unsettled - he has considered all the adjectives. He is forced to endure the isolation while Sherlock endures another version of hell. The separation, as well as the situation, is hard on them both for different reasons. But at least, John snipes to himself, Sherlock usually gets a little sedation. John gets stuck in his mind, the cycle of worrying and wondering, sometimes made a little better with a cup of terrible hospital coffee. He looks around, finds the coffee, takes a sip, perches in a vinyl chair to wait. Surprisingly, the coffee is in the more palatable range of fairly enjoyable.
, he didn't need to say. One arm, he captured in his hands, moving it up, range of motion, raising, a faint circle, an intentional slow arch to restore normal shoulder movement, and then he let it rest on the bed. Firmly, he pushed at Sherlock's collarbone, his upper chest area until he was laying more flat, then repeated the sweeping movement with the other shoulder. There was a transient flicker of a mild grimace on Sherlock's face - not pain as such, but stiffness leaving him - as his arm regained movement and sensation, the colour of the extremity returning to normal, pale pink. John saw everything with his usual astute observation, from the facial expression to the very mild discomfort as his body grew accustomed once more to his normal, aligned position. There was a shifting, a pressing, Sherlock scooching about on his elbow as he tried to get more comfortable. "Easy," John breathed, seeing what wasn't quite right - the angle, the pillow, the wrinkle of bed linens beneath him - and made some adjustments. "I've got it."
By the time he'd cycled through the circuit many times, there was movement in the doorway of the room.
"Sleeping or not sleeping likely won't make a difference. No, I'm not ..." Those bowed lips pursed in annoyance as he clipped off whatever he'd been about to say.
John watches the door, listening, worrying, unable to sit still and so he stands, paces, then shuffles a bit back and forth between the doorways, the uncomfortable plastic chairs, and feeling acutely aware that he too is somewhat winded, that his own breathing is tight. Anxiety, he tells himself, and of course that is all it is.
John was formulating a reply, editing his own text response, when his mobile buzzed again with Dan's next message:
When Sherlock is still and quiet, probably overwhelmed on sensation and exhaustion, John decides for them both. "Chair." It only takes a moment to get him seated, comfortable, the oxygen tank in the sturdy canvas holder, slung off his shoulder to rest on the floor, and John consults his mobile for the time. "I'll toss you the pulse ox in about five minutes, let you recover, and we'll go from there." Sherlock's eye-roll is almost audible. "You will not fight me on this." It is the Captain Watson voice, and, retired or not, John's threat will not be taken lightly.
"No." He answered, meaning it, confident. Then he gave a faint frown. "But should I do it? Share a flat with someone I have these concerns about?"
So this vaccine thing. You've been a pain in the arse since mum first brought you home. Even moreso when you're right. I'll think about it. HW
"Soon as you're in bed." John moves Sherlock's feet from the coffee table, takes off the blanket, and only waits a few seconds before reaching down to grasp Sherlock under one arm to begin to ease him from the chair.
John stopped in his tracks, keeping silent still as he didn't trust what words he might be sorely tempted to say.
John checks the weather outside while the kettle re-boils, and the day is coolish at the moment but on the rise, and he sits down in the stillness, in the quiet, really appreciating where they are juxtaposed to where they were - and the milestones along the way.
"So you didn't tell us about this," John said, laying his hand on the letter from the teacher. "How come?"
Because here's what the course can be. A person gets infected, tests positive, and then after seven or eight days, the person starts to feel really terrible and short of breath. Because that's what we are seeing: hospitalisation onset is usually between day six and eight. Once you're in the hospital then, scared, anxious (because remember, you're by yourself given visitor lockdowns in almost every hospital setting again), with providers in full gear, more barriers than can really be imagined, you are probably going to get additional treatment. Don't think for a moment that any of these treatments are without some degree of risk.
"I am learning." The accent was thick, and John waited only about two seconds for Sherlock to get interested. "I practice."
"Exhausted. Good thing the day's nearly over, yeah?" There is more he wants to say, but the negativity makes it unnecessary, and he snorts a bit as he tries to sit up. "About time to go back to bed I reckon."
It happened sometimes when they were at a gathering somewhere, in a crowded area, a roomful of people, that kind of intuition as to where the other person was, some sort of subliminal, extra-sensory knowledge, that John could look up at the very same time that Sherlock also raised his head, seeking, searching.
"I think these are cool. Wanted to watch." They realise they are both standing similarly, arms crossed, and Rob shifts, shrugs, and murmurs, "Sorry for that disclosure. But it's the truth. Plus, I wanted to keep an eye on you."
It would have been great to have been able to perform a brachial artery thrombectomy and have that be enough to fix the problem in the arm, but there was narrowing of that artery and the vascular surgeon apparently had some misgivings about rethrombosis in this acute phase and opted for thrombectomy plus balloon angioplasty followed by a stent. [Suck out the clot, dilate and open the vessel, and place a stent or scaffold there to hold it open]. There are many many many different ways to treat arterial occlusion, PE, DVT (and everything else in medicine) and is up to skill, preference, proficiency, and availability of provider, facility, and equipment.
Sherlock folds at his pillow, his breathing a bit harder than usual, the oxygen tubing still laying cast off on the floor. John can see already, even after a short time, that his level is not really all right but he's not necessarily in distress. Not yet.
"Hang on." Rob clasps John's elbow to steady him, settle him perhaps, while he perches on the arm of a chair. "He's okay for the moment. Anaesthesia's placing an a-line now. Arterial line. So we need to give them a minute anyway." Rob refers to the small monitoring catheter that is placed in an artery for continuous blood pressure monitoring. It will also be used, John knows, for arterial blood gases and other lab specimens while Sherlock is on the ventilator. "And the vascular surgeon is here. He's in the room and he'll definitely be going back downstairs for that arteriogram that Dr. Nguyen mentioned, soon as the team gets here."
Noise in the kitchen indicated that Sherlock was heating dinner, and as Rosie had quieted and settled enough for John to talk to her, Sherlock came to watch.
"No. This is me simply observing." His voice was relaxed, tired, a little gravelly. "I take credit for at least some of it. Because I think you learned much of your own resilience from my influence."
"No. Fine." Their fingers met, under the covers, and entwined lightly. Their hands were warm and languid, relaxed in their grip as they sought a comfortable position. "I'm fine."
The hospital is getting quieter, the ICU pace slowing down just a little with less ancillary staff, less visitors. Outside the window of Sherlock's ICU room, it is getting a little darker. John speaks. "No, I think we're good, and I'll be taking off soon." He pulls over the chair, closer to the bed turned so that he is facing Sherlock and not the door, and leans his head back as the nurse leaves the room, pulling the curtain and the door mostly closed behind her.
John has guarded Sherlock's rest, his post-shower exhaustion, as much as he can. He has turned away some various volunteers who have popped round and he has requested that a visit be rescheduled from case management. Even the nurse checks his IV medication, his IV site, agrees to come back a bit later for some non-urgent discussions, and he has managed to slip on the portable pulse oximeter that has been kept on Sherlock's windowsill, left by a respiratory therapist, while Sherlock has remained asleep so he could ... be comforted in watching that truly he is okay and that the shower was not detrimental. His oxygen flow, he knows, is too high to go home without supplemental oxygen although the trends are overall promising. He is searching on his mobile for a rental company when he receives a text from Lydia, as he requested, when they are about a half hour from arriving. Gingerly, he awakens Sherlock with a slow word, a touch on the back of his hand. Sherlock's eyes open slowly and blink into focus.
Sherlock took a step closer, eyes blazing, and he squared his own shoulders, taking a deep breath as he was ready to unleash more in Mycroft's direction.
"Yes." His grin was not quite genuine, a little sheepish. And Ella was relieved to see the little glimpse of the real John inside.
"Regular moderate sedation orders?" she clarified. John parsed that it was due to the high dosages that had been required.
"My streak of good luck and fortune continues." It is a whisper, not necessarily one of self-pity. "Blood thinners are just glorified poison."
Sherlock's eye narrowed, and John smiled, a challenge issued. With a quirk of his mouth, he silently mused,
"-- drop it." He makes an exaggerated groan as he bends over to get it, and sets it down in front of her.
She smiles knowingly, his responses and reactions making more sense, so she nods, and says, "Thanks for what you all did over there, in case no one's said it to you lately." They exchange small smiles of acknowledgement and then she says, "So history comes up electronically. No allergies." She confirms his date of birth. "Appy, age 16, some drug and alcohol services, a very remote overdose, recreational it says. Rehab, early 20s. And again last year, outpatient." She scrolls through the computer report. "Oh, and a GSW not quite two years ago."
, he doesn't care - and bolts through the doors marked A&E in red neon letters. The sounds are abundant but he hears none of them - doors hiss open, passively slide closed, his shoes on the lino, the faint bustle and background noise of a busy triage area, a ringing telephone, the sound of an overhead page requesting anaesthesia stat to obstetrics. Through the doors behind the nurses desk, he hears faint alarms, distant IV pumps beeping, stretchers being pushed, locked in place, and the sounds of care being coordinated. There are medical discussions everywhere, updates, reassurances, bad news being conveyed. The sounds of a young child crying become more muffled as someone slides a room door closed, most likely, keeping sound in, keeping sound out. The continual humm of people talking, a background, low-leveled white noise, is part and parcel of the setting.
She stopped speaking and both John and Mrs. Hudson exchanged worried looks as something of a concerning noise came from the back bedroom. There was more shuffling - clothing, drawers, closet doors, something metallic - and then a louder thumping followed by a muffled demand.
"Hold that, just like ... yes, that's it." John had thrust a few times, his clothed body against Sherlock's bum, spreading his knees so that a bit of effort would be required to hold the position, particularly with his arms stretched out in front of him supporting his upper body weight. He reached around with a hand, sliding from Sherlock's waist to tweak at a tightened nipple before reaching down, sliding warmly, firmly down the streak of hair, the soft rounding at his naval, lower, gripping, encircling.
John didn't disagree, having heard there were several trees down. The IV bag was tucked in until they could hang it again, a blanket spread over everything but Sherlock's leg, and they picked their way beyond the front door. It took a bit of doing, lifting patient and all the equipment, but finally the patient was loaded, locked in place, and they started the ambulance engine. "You coming?" one of them asked John.
Though, if he was stuck on the sidelines, then he could at least enjoy the sight of Sherlock pushing the pushchair as though he was a nanny or…
“It’s no problem,” Molly said, bouncing Rosie in her arms as she fed her a bottle. “I didn’t have any other plans.”
Something in that sentence made John halt his steps, causing Sherlock to move in front of him before coming to a stop himself. He forced himself to turn around and face John, who was looking at him with a wide-eyed expression that conveyed both sadness and compassion.
to buy several bags of dog food. Sherlock tapped his foot as he watched him fumble through his wallet, no doubt struggling to find his card. In two seconds, Sherlock was going to snap.
“Your father helped,” he said, those eyes compelling him to tell her everything. “Just him being nearby helped. That was right after… well, your mum hurt me a bit, and he stayed with me to make sure I was okay. The nightmares weren’t so bad then.” He paused, the memories clogging his throat. “And then he left.”
“Our sister. We’ve found her location, and…” Mycroft let out a reluctant sigh. “I need your assistance.”
John kisses Penny’s head as she starts to quiet. She curls up against John’s chest, her tiny hand grasping his shirt. He lets out the kind of contented sigh only his daughter can draw from him and leans against Sherlock. The other man stiffens before relaxing.
Sherlock sighed. “When I was three, she was kidnapped. We were at the beach one day, my parents were distracted, Mycroft and I were occupied, and Eurus was… gone. Vanished into thin air.”
When I posted the last chapter, I was nearing the end of my school year. Finals took up a lot of my time, and then I was home for two weeks, but I was fried and couldn't focus on much. Then, mid-May, I went to Greece for a month-long school program. I'm currently studying to be a screenwriter, and this trip was for screenwriters so it was PERFECT. It was THE most amazing experience of my entire life, but I had to put all of my creative energy into my project for the class. Near the end of the program, I made the worst mistake ever and accidentally deleted all the notes I had for this story. Thankfully, I had my immediate plans worked out on my head, but I really need to go back to the drawing board and map some things out. This put a damper on things, which is why this update is coming so long after I've gotten home. There you have it, that's all there is to it. I hope it all made sense, as I'm writing this at almost 3am and I'm quite tired.
After that, some of the tension left Sherlock’s body. He finished making breakfast for the three of them – a very domestic task that Sherlock had already done numerous times during his stay at the Watson household, yet one that felt extra momentous now. Sherlock found himself focusing on John more than he was his own food, which caused John to give him multiple meaningful looks.
For one second, John had let himself hope that Sherlock would say those famous three words. It almost seemed like he would, and John would finally be allowed to let go and reveal all. But he didn’t, and John had to continue to keep everything inside.
“I just wanted to say how beautiful your daughter is.” Her eyes twinkled sweetly, like her very words hadn’t just punched Sherlock in the stomach.
It was all Sherlock in his mind. Every momentous occasion in his life recently could be tied back to Sherlock, even if it was indirectly. He was almost always thinking about him, and he couldn’t imagine a life without him.
John reached over and grabbed a square bandage from the kit. It was a bit awkward, putting it on Sherlock with one hand, but he managed it, careful not to touch too much of his skin again. He pressed the edges lightly with his fingertips, ensuring it would stay on.
“I noticed the two of you around the store,” the woman continued, completely oblivious to Sherlock’s internal breakdown. “You make such a lovely pair.”
He had thought that the surprises were over, but he was wrong. John came back into the room with a small plate in his hands. On that plate was a cupcake, and on the cupcake was a single candle.
Sherlock gave a long-suffering sigh. “I walked over to the Trevors with Redbeard and Mycroft and introduced myself. I was instantly bored with Mr. and Mrs. Trevor, but Victor intrigued me more than I thought he would.”
He had been sincere when he told John he had nothing to be guilty for. Texts were harmless. He could have done something far worse, and then Sherlock didn’t know how he would’ve reacted. Thankfully, however, the affair had been kept within the confines of a tiny electronic device.
“What are you doing up?” Sherlock looks surprised to see John standing there, as if John hadn’t moved back in two months ago and doesn’t live there. He still speaks in a low voice for the sake of the baby, and John’s chest aches more. It takes him a moment to formulate a reply.
“What do you think?” Sherlock tried to sound his normal haughty self in an attempt to erase the memory of what had just transpired between them, but his nose was still stuffed, and it just made him sound pathetic. Lestrade nodded and steered him into the bathroom, where he carefully shaved off every strand of hair.
Sherlock exhaled harshly and looked away. The sky was overcast, which made sense because he felt like the sun was in his chest instead.
Sherlock sighed and adjusted his hold on her. “Bringing Daddy home is different than getting presents.”
“You think you deserve to feel the pain.” Molly watched him steadily as she patted Rosie’s back. “You want to hurt.”
He carried his phone around everywhere he went. It was always in his pocket or sitting on a table within arm’s reach. When he showered, he left it on the counter with the volume turned all the way up, so he could hear it over the spray.
He heaved himself up and went into the kitchen. He hadn’t had a proper appetite in days, but as a doctor, he couldn’t just let himself stop eating. He might be depressed, but he had to keep moving for his sake and for Rosie’s.
“Past wounds tend to do that.” John bit his lip and touched Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock’s hands stilled on his buttons. “The key is not letting them define you.”
For several minutes, silence stretched between them. After years of keeping it in, to be faced with revealing his secret two days in a row made Sherlock uneasy. It was a part of himself he kept close, pressed up inside his chest like a second heart. Giving it away so easily felt wrong.
As if she understood him, Rosie kicked him right in the stomach. She couldn’t have gotten much force behind it, but Sherlock still grunted.  It took John a second to realize that was right where Sherlock’s gunshot wound was. His stomach dropped at the thought, but Sherlock didn’t seem to think twice about it.
Sherlock blinked, and John realized he’d caught him off-guard. It was kind of amazing, but he also felt a bit bad. Things had been going so well, but now the mood shifted. At the mere mention of the third Holmes sibling, the room somehow got more stifling.
“Alright,” said Sherlock, finally. “I’ll stay.” He grinned. “But only because I’m tired of cooking for you while you sit around and do nothing. It’s time things were reversed.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, crossing his arms and leaning back against the counter. “That’s roughly the age I was when I had my last friend, so perhaps my ideas of friendship are a bit outdated.”
He rarely slept, so it wasn’t a huge inconvenience, but it was still frustrating because he was actually
“Have a good night, Sherlock,” she said, her eyes sparkling for some strange reason. Sherlock managed a bemused nod to her and a wave to Rosie, and then they were gone.
Sherlock met his eyes. The air between them suddenly felt too thick. A weird sensation was coiling in John’s gut, making his skin tingle. It became hard to breathe. It was too much, so John looked away, towards Sherlock’s torso.
John’s blood boiled when he saw Mycroft sitting behind his desk, which was littered with maps and files. He also didn’t seem surprised to see John, though there was a hint of resignation in his eyes as he shut the folder he was flicking through and set it aside.
John stood up from his chair and started pacing the kitchen. Every time he passed, the fridge, he tried not to stare at the pinned note. He wished, not for the first time, that his right arm was stuck in the sling. He wanted to stretch.
“It’s alright. There’s so much I can’t do right now with her, so I’ll take what I can get.” He held up Rosie’s spoon and waited for her to open her mouth. She did, and John grinned as he fed her. “That’s my girl.”
He was surprised to see Sherlock actually looked rather sad. “No. I got rid of them when I got older. Had no use for them.”
It’s the second time Sherlock has been shot, and he decides he doesn’t really like the sensation. Not that it matters, he doubts he’ll experience it again.
Something shuttered a little in Sherlock’s face at John’s two words. Panic rising in him, John gripped Sherlock’s hand tighter, as if to keep him from running.
Sherlock thought. Her eyes were bloodshot, and her hands shook. She hadn’t had a drink in a few days, most likely due to her coming to this camp. Before she left, she’d gotten totally smashed. One last hoorah before she was sent to rehab. Sherlock couldn’t blame her. He would’ve done the same thing if Mycroft hadn’t been watching him like a hawk.
The morning after, John got out of bed early after hours of tossing and turning and went straight to Molly’s. She opened her door with a bright smile, clearly expecting one back. When she saw John’s tired eyes and sagging shoulders, her smile disappeared.
” Lestrade said. He gave Sherlock a meaningful look and nodded towards Rosie, who was staring up at him with her usual childlike interest. The reminder made Sherlock’s stomach drop like a rock.
Sherlock had said he would only be a few minutes, so when a half hour had gone by and Sherlock still hadn’t come downstairs, John started to worry. A side-effect of having one’s best friend be on the brink of death numerous times was constantly being anxious when they weren’t in sight. After ensuring Rosie was secure in her playpen, John went upstairs to the guest bedroom.
Sherlock moved his foot this way and that, watching the tiny waves he created. “No. My family lives in Sussex.”
He was almost going to say it didn’t matter, or it was personal, so he didn’t want to tell her. But then he realized that maybe it was good that she knew. Maybe then she wouldn’t think him better than he was.
And probably a bit of betrayal. Which was unfair, but then again, he’d never been good at controlling his emotions.
John shook his head. “Unsurprisingly, Mycroft was not forthcoming with any information.” He could hardly keep the bitterness from his tone. “It sounded like Sherlock just needed to speak with her, but it’s probably going to be more complicated than that.” Everything about the Holmes family was more complicated than it should be. It frustrated him to no end.
He wasn’t watching a clock, but he was still certain it was far too early for anyone to be returning to the cabin when he heard the door groan open. Steady, familiar footsteps traveled closer and closer until they stopped at the foot of his bed. Somehow, without even looking, Sherlock knew who it was.
Sherlock resumes his pacing, and John simply watches. The soft lamplight casts a glow over Sherlock that makes him look angelic. John would laugh at the thought if he doesn’t secretly think Sherlock is his personal angel.
Rosie was looking at John, her little arm held aloft, her hand reaching for him. John stared at her, dumbfounded. “Da,” she repeated, more insistent this time. Her face was streaked with tears, and her bottom lip wobbled.
Sherlock bounced Rosie up and down lightly. She kept looking toward the stairs. “That should be simple enough. We do that all the time here.”
Silence rang down the line as Sherlock processed this. Dread began to creep up his spine, and suddenly all he could imagine was John lying on the floor of his therapist’s office, bleeding out onto the carpet.
She was asleep now, her head pillowed on his chest, his shirt still held firmly in her grasp. He didn’t want to let her go, but he knew he had to. Carefully, he set her back in her cot and unwound her fingers from his shirt. She reached out for something to hold, and he tucked her dog into her arm.
It had been such an uneventful, simple night, and yet Sherlock couldn’t think of a recent moment where he had felt that content. It was almost like the nights he and John used to share at Baker Street, nights spent with takeout and crap telly. Nights where Sherlock wished he could tuck his feet underneath John’s thighs, or lay his head on his chest to hear his heartbeat….
But he also wanted to make it special. It was what Sherlock deserved. He had never experienced true love, never had anyone make a grand gesture for him. John was determined to be the one to show Sherlock Holmes that he was loved and wanted, and he couldn’t just tell him so while Sherlock was drying off a freshly-washed baby.
“Nothing,” replied John. He joined Sherlock and Rosie on the couch, his amusement spreading to his lips as he grinned. “She just can’t understand a word you’re saying.”
Lestrade nodded and pulled out a small notepad. He jotted the information down. “What else can you give me?”
John was silent beside him. Sherlock almost wondered if he’d fallen asleep. Then John shifted, sitting up straighter, and Sherlock continued with his story.
“Watson,” he said, trying not to lose his patience. “If you do not eat this admittedly disgusting food, I will not let you watch those mind-numbing cartoons you like so much.” He thought that was how someone was supposed to rationalize with children. Wasn’t it? Rosie’s face didn’t change, so maybe he had his information wrong.
He needed to think of what to do next. He was in love with Sherlock and Sherlock was in love with him, so it would make sense for them to start a relationship. The mere thought made John’s stomach flip. Then he and Rosie could move into Baker Street, and they could become a proper family. Rosie would take his old room upstairs, and he would stay in Sherlock’s room. They could wake up every morning in each other’s arms, exchange casual touches while making breakfast, Rosie would call Sherlock Papa…
“I’ll take her upstairs,” Sherlock murmured. John nodded, and his eyes flicked down to his sling with a look of pure loathing. Carefully holding her to his body, Sherlock stood from the couch and carried her to the stairs. Just before he disappeared up them, he saw John look away quickly, fixing his gaze resolutely on the telly.
Human emotion had never been Sherlock’s strong suit, but if there was ever a time for him to immerse himself in it, it was this summer. John Watson had made him feel things he’d never known he could feel, and instead of hating it like Sherlock always thought he would, he’d loved it. Basked in it. Wished he could bottle it and bring it with him back home. John was his favorite person in the whole world, and he wanted everyone to know.
John shook his head, as if clearing it. “Sorry. I just still can’t believe… well, I can’t believe how accommodating you’re being.”
“Here,” murmured John. He held out Sherlock’s mug, and Sherlock accepted it with a nod. The steam hit his face as he took a little sip. Made to perfection. John was like magic.
“If I wasn’t at his house, he was at mine. We played in the backyard. Pirates, mostly. I had a hat and a toy sword.”
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. It was a rare occurrence, but it had been known to happen. Most often, it was because of John. He never failed to steal the words from Sherlock’s mouth.
“I had no idea where you were,” John said, keeping his voice soft. It felt wrong to speak any louder. “Mycroft said you were late in checking in –”
But then his mind flashed back to the candles, and he wondered if he was being given something instead.
"Why?” John always said Rosie got her inquisitive nature from Sherlock. It used to make Sherlock warm inside, the belief that there was a part of him in her. In this instance, however, it was regrettable.
He shuffled to the kitchen to switch his lukewarm tea out for some water. His eyes jumped to the cupboard above the oven, where his scotch was still stashed. He hadn’t brought it out since Sherlock had moved in, primarily because he didn’t feel the need to have it. Sherlock had a way of silencing the thoughts inside his head that he wanted to dull with alcohol. It was like his superpower, one he didn’t even know he had. John was grateful for it.
“I bet you can’t wait to get back to Baker Street,” John said, carefully avoiding his gaze. Hurt flashed across Sherlock’s face, and he turned his back so John wouldn’t see, moving to prepare breakfast.
“Eat, Sherlock,” John finally said, a mixture of exasperated and amused. Sherlock took a large bite of eggs and refrained from choking on it.
Rosie was on her knees in the sitting room, looking like she was prepared to crawl after Molly. When she saw John, she squealed and darted toward him.
“Goodness,” Sherlock remarked as he picked her up and settled her against his hip. “And here I was, worried you wouldn’t recognize me.” He spoke flippantly, though there was a deep ache in his chest that he was worried might end up choking him. He kissed Rosie’s head and set about changing her nappy. Amazingly, Rosie didn’t fuss once, instead staring at him with her massive eyes while she grabbed her feet.
John was watching him with an expression that seemed to be a mix of longing and faint sadness. It made Sherlock’s heart beat harder, and he had to look away.
Rosie let loose a stream of garbled sounds that was probably an affirmative. After John confirmed Molly would be completely fine and that yes, she would call if she needed to, he stepped outside to help load everything into Molly’s car. Right before she followed him, Molly turned and looked at Sherlock.
His wedding day was a memory he often returned to, but not because it brought him utter joy. It was because it fueled his confused feelings. Mary had looked beautiful that day and they were supposedly in love, but all John could remember was Sherlock as he gave his best man speech. Sherlock as he said such
“I love you so much,” he murmured, stroking her little back. She was still small enough that she could lie on his chest, and he wanted to enjoy it for as long as he could. “I hope I’m doing an okay job.”
Upstairs, there was a sudden pounding of feet. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at the clock once more. 7:00. It was time.
“You have to come back,” John whispered. “Do you understand? If you don’t, I’ll be forced to come after you.”
When he once again did not hear a reply, he went downstairs, his feet pounding each step with a ferocity that only a terrified parent could achieve. Perhaps they were just cuddling on the couch and they’d dozed off. It was a possibility.
Mycroft sighed, a heavy, exasperated thing. “What I have to say is important. Surely you can get over that for a few minutes.”
Rosie made a gurgling sound and yanked on his scarf. The noise he made could only be described as an undignified squawk. Quickly untangling her fingers from the scarf, he fixed her with his best disapproving stare.
“Oh. John.” Sherlock seemed to be both sad and guilty. His shoulders were hunched. He set the boxer briefs down in the bag. “It came to my attention that my presence here is a… security risk.”
Lestrade didn’t respond, just took a sip from his own cup. Sherlock knew him well enough to know his words were well-received.
It was like the world around them had slowed to a stop. Even out in the suburbs, where John lived, there was always some kind of noise that would remind them that other people existed. In that moment, however, it was like they were the only two people in the world. Just as Sherlock had always wanted it to be.
“No,” said Sherlock, staring at the table. “She was only around when I was very young. I don’t remember her.”
Rosie made a noise that indicated she was quite annoyed with being ignored. Without thinking, Sherlock picked her up and nestled her into his lap. John’s eyes widened slightly, and he pressed his lips together.
“I got everything else I wanted,” she continued, never looking away from the doorway. “So he’s going to be here soon.”
“You lost focus for nearly a minute, which tells me that you were thinking about something that has been consuming your thoughts for a long time. When I asked you about your reasoning for talking about my sister, you were immediately defensive and responded with something that is only partially true.”
Sherlock’s anger flared up. He was practically seeing red, and he had John’s hand in a viselike grip.  “Don’t you
The tears he hadn’t dealt with in the past few days returned with a vengeance, burning his eyes and making him want to break. He was aware of Sherlock shuffling closer, and while his first instinct was to move away, he pushed through it and let himself move towards Sherlock. Sherlock’s hand came to rest on his left arm, and John’s knees almost buckled.
Sherlock glared at him for a full thirty seconds before he looked away with an overdramatic groan. “You’re infuriating. Truly.”
John hadn’t been in contact once, and Sherlock couldn’t say he was surprised. Even if it had only been three days since he last saw him – since his biggest secret had been exposed – he doubted he was going to be hearing from John any time soon. There was even a chance he wouldn’t ever speak to John ever again, but that was a thought he only had during the darkest hours of night, when he was curled up in his bed listening to the familiar creaking of the flat. It was unlikely John would seriously never speak to him again, but he was still worried.
He was facing straight ahead, but he still saw John give him a sidelong glance. “Your hands are still a bit shaky.”
But the whole reason he was there circled back to why he had to leave. His deranged sister had resurfaced, harmed his best friend, and would likely harm everyone who stood between her and him. He couldn’t put John and Rosie at risk. He loved them too much for that.
The teens in John’s group filed out, skirting Sherlock and moving off down different paths. Sherlock watched them all go, learning everything there was to know about them.
“Little brother,” Mycroft greeted him when he finally deigned to pick up the phone. Sherlock was in his room – the
Mrs. Hudson was supposed to be there that day, but Sherlock had asked to take her shift. He claimed it was because Mrs. Hudson had already done enough and she deserved to rest, but really he wanted to spend more time with Rosie.
“No,” John said, shaking his head. “Please don’t say anything. Someday, I hope you’ll understand. And then maybe you’ll decide you never want to see me again. I wouldn’t blame you.”
Sherlock pulled his knees up to his chest, a defensive position if there ever was one. “Of course I cared. I just learned to cope with it.”
“I had a good reason,” he said, staring at his hand. He heard Lestrade come closer, and he wordlessly stepped out of the way when Lestrade picked up the kettle and filled it.
Sherlock starts to move his arm, and John worries he’s pushed too far once again. But then he feels Sherlock’s arm settle over his shoulders, and he thinks he could get used to nights like this. Sherlock’s voice is soft and clogged with emotion when he speaks.
“Nothing,” replied Molly, and Sherlock could have sworn she almost seemed disappointed. “I’ll watch over Rosie while you’re gone.”
Immense relief crashed through him when John’s concern finally melted away and was replaced by that sweet fondness again. “That’s okay. I’ll help you.”
His face was still gaunt, his eyes still dim, but there was a vibrancy that hadn’t been there a few days ago. That would be due to all the tea and food he’d been force-fed by Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade. The dark circles under his eyes hadn’t lessened much, but they weren’t as pronounced now. And, most importantly, his growing facial hair was gone. His hands still had difficulty keeping steady, but Lestrade had helped shave him when he’d been by two days ago.
The leftover shepherd’s pie got scooped into containers and tucked away in the fridge. Plates and wine glasses were put into the dishwasher, and the dish he had placed the pie in was left to soak in the sink. For more things to do, he blew out the candles and put them away. He swept the floor and straightened the chairs and wiped down the counters. Then he took the dishes out of the dishwasher and cleaned them all by hand.
“You have the best father in the world, Miss Watson. He loves you unconditionally, and he would do anything for you. He may think he’s failing you right now, but I think the opposite. I think he’s doing everything to be better for you. And that’s pretty remarkable.” He kissed her head, unable to resist it. “Someday I’ll tell you all about it. Well, maybe not all of it.”
“Everything you don’t like or want to do.” John raised an eyebrow, challenging him. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
A hand clamped down on his left bicep, and he felt himself be steadied. He looked up and saw Sherlock standing at his side, concern showing in his eyes.
Sherlock wanted to slam his head into the wall. A textbook case of alcoholism: drinking to drown your sorrows. It was dull. In fact, every person who’d spoken in that godforsaken group session was a walking cliché. One girl started on heroin because her boyfriend dealt it. A boy took his mother’s prescription pills because he was bored. Every word out of their mouths could’ve come from a terrible television movie.
When he could finally look back over at Sherlock, he saw that Sherlock’s expression had softened. He set his violin down in his chair and stepped closer to John. It made John aware that the sitting room wasn’t as big as it seemed.
He couldn’t pinpoint what it was that woke him, only that he was awake when he shouldn’t be. He blinked groggily, getting his bearings. The house was silent. Rosie wasn’t crying. His phone wasn’t ringing.
John went rigid beside him. Sherlock knew it because they were still holding hands. For a brief moment, he worried John would let go. Instead, to his immense relief, John merely held on tighter.
The water beneath them rippled as John moved closer, his foot dragging through the clear surface. Sherlock knew exactly where this was headed, and he leaned forward. John’s lips met their intended target, and Sherlock wanted to cry. He didn’t know what to do, how to move, if he should even move, so he remained still. John pressed gently, his mouth soft and warm. He brought his free hand up to Sherlock’s cheek, and Sherlock leaned into the touch.
John was easy to spot. He’d kicked his blankets off, and his face was turned upwards, so Sherlock could see him through the darkness. Stepping as lightly as he could, Sherlock moved to the side of John’s bed and knelt down.
Feebly, Sherlock places his hand over John’s. “It’s okay, John.” He manages a smile. “After all I’ve done to avoid death… maybe it’s time I accept it.”
like a criminal or an idiot to you? We really must work on your observational skills. I’d hate for this to become a habit.”
John swallowed and nodded. “I know that. I do. I just…” He hesitated, clearly warring with himself over something. Sherlock waited, not wanting to push him. “I… want to be better for her,” he said, finally. “Better than my dad was.”
John exhales harshly, shaking his head. “No. No, this can’t happen.” He looks at Sherlock, and in the dying light of the day he can see tears in John’s eyes.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open, and he stared at John. John gave him a little smile, the one where his lips just began to poke up at the corners. “John…”
After Mary died, John needed somewhere to go. Staying in the house he’d lived in with her felt wrong. Of course, he didn’t have to look long for a place, because Sherlock insisted he move back into Baker Street. John tried to object, since he had a child now, and Sherlock hadn’t signed up for one. But Sherlock refused.
"None of that is true,” he said. John smiled tightly. “I mean, I don’t know about the girl thing, but I know you’re rather intelligent and you stay away from alcohol because of your sister.”
"But –” John frowned. When he’d left Sherlock earlier that day, the other boy still stood by his belief that there was nothing wrong with him. He seemed unlikely to want to talk to anyone on the matter, especially John.
“Is it so absurd,” Sherlock ventured, “to believe I thoroughly enjoy my time here and do not particularly relish the idea of ending it?
“I do,” Sherlock said, taking the moment to compose himself. He cleared his throat and straightened his shoulders. “As we established before, I am an excellent flatmate.”
This was new territory for him. He didn’t know the first thing about being a camp counselor, and he especially didn’t know how to deal with wayward teenagers. It scared him more than he cared to admit, though he already had a small idea of what to expect after living with Harry. He was prepared to endure vicious insults and stubborn demeanors, but he didn’t know how to properly address them.
“Just look at you,” he murmured once she crashed into his body. He angled himself so she hit his left side, and he brought his arm up to hold her. “Soon you’ll be walking all over this city without my help. I won’t be able to keep up with you.”
“I thought you might be,” Mycroft said smoothly, apparently not surprised that Sherlock had answered John’s phone. “But this is something that really cannot wait.”
Sherlock hadn’t turned around, hadn’t said anything, but John knew he was listening. He turned the water off and began loading the plates into the dishwasher.
John’s smile widened. Looking at John for too long made Sherlock feel like he was going to jump out of his own skin, so he averted his eyes. “My turn then? Let me see…”
By the time he was done, it was well past midnight. There was nothing left for him to do, so he retreated upstairs. He stopped on the way to his bedroom to check on Rosie before remembering that she was with Molly. He had a sudden desire to see his little girl but knew he would have to wait until tomorrow.
“They’re nothing,” Sherlock said. “Don’t concern yourself with them.” He spoke in that detached way that John knew meant he was tucking his emotions away, never to be properly sorted through. He was familiar with the tactic. But they were better than that now. He couldn’t let Sherlock do that to himself.
Far too quickly, John pulled away. At some point during the kiss, Sherlock’s eyes had fallen shut, and he dazedly opened them to see John watching him with a worried and hopeful gaze.
John opened his mouth to speak, but shut it the second he heard Rosie wailing from downstairs. He’d left her in her playpen, believing he would only be gone for a moment while he got Sherlock settled. Instead, he’d been up there for nearly ten minutes.
“I have done everything I can to protect Sherlock from her,” said Mycroft. “He can handle it. In case you’ve forgotten, he spent two years on a dangerous mission and lived to tell the tale. He will be fine.”
“May I ask you something?” Sherlock asked, looking surprisingly timid. John nodded warily. He could still hear Rosie downstairs, now babbling to Mrs. Hudson.
Quick reminder: I'm American, so apologies for any mistakes when it comes to the names for things. I researched as best as I could.
The next thing to cross his mind was how late it was. His mobile told him it was 8:34 AM. Even before Rosie, he never slept that late. The only times he could ever sleep past seven where right after cases that required long nights and few breaks.
John stepped back. Let out a breath and took in a new one. Opened and closed his mouth. Sherlock watched him with keen eyes.
Bit by bit, John was learning more and more about the mystery that was Sherlock Holmes. He learned that Sherlock used to want to be a pirate, though he changed his mind when he was ten and became interested in being a detective. He learned that the students at Sherlock’s primary school had mocked him every day, and that some of the boys would beat him up. He learned that Sherlock had never fancied a girl, and that he didn’t want to.
“Slower?” Sherlock looks so timid and unsure, and John just wants to wrap him in his arms and kiss his fears away. “You’d be okay with that?”
“Thank you,” John said softly, his eyes flicking up to him before looking back at his daughter. Sherlock watched them for a moment, his heart stuttering, before quickly moving away. They deserved a moment to themselves.
They gave her as many bottles as they could without going overboard in order to keep her hydrated. If she started crying, Sherlock would pace with her in his arms and rub her back soothingly. He carried a pack of tissues in his pocket in case her nose ran, something John seemed to find endearing.
Sherlock’s eyes left his and went to the sling. “Mycroft has lost track of my sister, which means she could be anywhere. It seems likely that she will be coming for me, and when she does she will not hesitate to harm anyone she deems a threat. That would include you, as we’ve seen.”
John shrugged, the movement tight and jerky. “It’s not a big deal. I don’t really care what people think.”
Sherlock was out of his bed and down the hall in an instant. Rosie’s room was empty aside from the girl herself, showing that either John hadn’t heard or hadn’t arrived yet. Either way, Sherlock wasted no time in crossing to her crib and picking her up.
“First thing to keep in mind,” Greg said, “is that they don’t think they have a problem. Their habits are little hobbies that they can quit at any time. However, if they’re here, that’s not true.”
It was almost a relief to have it be revealed. To say the words “I’m gay” after all these years. To finally be himself in front of the person who mattered most. To see the look on John’s face when he
Sherlock was in the process of cooking eggs for the two of them when his phone rang. Digging it out of his trouser pocket with his free hand, he checked the screen.
The thought of talking to Sherlock about everything – and he was certain they would need to talk about
home, and he wanted to return. He could see it now: Rosie running around the sitting room while Sherlock worked on an experiment in the kitchen and John typed up a blog post in his chair. They’d order takeout for dinner and sit together to eat it and be so happy. Rosie would take his old room upstairs, and John would… where would John go?
of her car and forced him to look at me. He only stuck around after that because there was the chance we were going to incarcerate an incredibly dangerous man, not because he missed me. Furthermore, yesterday, when he was here for his
“Sometimes I wonder,” John said slowly, “if even if you hadn’t… if I still would have married Mary.”
Sherlock found himself nodding, his veins already thrumming with excitement. “I’ll be back in an hour.”
A chuckle escapes John before he can stop it. “She’s not even a year old, Sherlock. It’s going to be a while before she understands. We don’t have to worry about it just now.” He turns his head and kisses Sherlock’s palm. Sherlock’s breath stutters.
Boys’ Cabin 2 loomed up before him, its dark wood melding with the shade around it. John hopped up the two steps and knocked three times before opening the door and peering inside.
“I swear,” he said, looking down at a runny-nosed Rosie. “I do not know what goes on inside his head.”
Sherlock shifted in his chair and pulled his shirt back on. John could breathe easier when the scars were hidden from him. “Yes,” said Sherlock, focusing intently on his buttons. “Just like I suspect your shoulder haunts you.”
Just hearing Sherlock call his daughter an angel sends a surge of happiness through John. “Except for the part where she wakes up at 2:30 every morning.”
“After everything I’ve done to you…” John said hoarsely, surreptitiously rubbing his eyes. “How can you –”
Putting his feelings aside for the sake of their friendship had been easier than he thought, aided by the fact that Sherlock didn’t seem to care about romance. It wouldn’t have worked anyway, John sharing his feelings. So it was best to just let them be. There were times when he could feel them start to bubble up, like when Sherlock returned from the dead, or when he made a vow to John at his wedding. Or when Sherlock was nearly taken away from him again, and the genius had cracked a joke that has haunted John ever since.
Thanks so much to everyone who's left kudos and subscribed! Hope you liked this chapter. There will be more to come!
If it weren’t for you, I’d likely go home tomorrow and get high again. I wouldn’t have this intense desire to change, to be better. This is all you.”
Sherlock’s lips are soft, and John can’t resist parting them with a gentle nudge from his tongue. Sherlock makes a little whimpering noise that John wants to hear on repeat for an eternity. The taste of him fills John with a heady feeling he hasn’t experienced in a very long time. He could spend the rest of his life kissing this man.
He was aware of Sherlock looking at him, but he kept his eyes forward, refusing to see what was in those damn eyes. When Sherlock finally spoke, he said the last thing John expected to hear.
“I’ll pass, thanks.” John stepped aside and watched as Lestrade strode into the house. He noted the tenseness in his back, the clenching of his fist. The signs of anger were all there. With a jerk of his wrist, he downed the last of his drink and shut the door behind him.
about this whole situation. It should be jarring, out of place for Sherlock to care for Penny so late at night, and John should be bored watching his friend walk back and forth across the sitting room. But instead, it feels perfect. Like this is what they are meant to do, for the rest of their lives. Sherlock and John and Penny. An odd, magnificent little family.
Lestrade raised his eyebrows. “Sure. Yeah, of course you’re not in any pain. Sorry I suggested otherwise.”
“You’ve been holding out on me,” he accused Lestrade, eyes narrowing. “How long has the case been on?” John’s eyebrows rose.
This was exactly what he wanted to avoid: getting too comfortable. He knew it would be a temporary situation, and yet he still let himself imagine he had a place in the Watson household. He got caught up in the fantasy, and now he would be extra devastated tomorrow when he returned to 221B.
He was staring so intently at the floor that he didn’t notice how close Sherlock had gotten until his chin was being tilted up and he was looking into Sherlock’s eyes. His breath got caught somewhere in his chest.
“Well,” John said, breaking the silence that had fallen over them. “We’re off.” He strode to the front door and opened it, gesturing for Sherlock to go through. Bowing his head, Sherlock hurried out. He realized far too late that this whole thing meant that he and John were going to be completely alone.
John stares at him, and Sherlock forces himself to keep his eyes open because he wants John to be the last thing he sees.
Faced with nothing, he would sit with Rosie and attempt to entertain her, but would often be unsuccessful because he couldn’t tell what she wanted. Molly or Lestrade would arrive around that point to watch Rosie while he escaped upstairs to work through his mounting panic attack. Once that was out of the way, he could function better. It was a painful cycle, one he wanted to break out of but had no clue as to how he could.
“I might not be good at it,” Sherlock insisted. “You’ve lived with me, you know how maddening I can be.”
“Almost there,” John said two days after Rosie had woken them up in the middle of the night. Sherlock was just finishing squirting some saline drops into her nose. “She’ll be back to normal either tomorrow or the day after.”
couldn’t look at Sherlock. They were nearly at the park, so he simply sped up a bit and hurried across the street. The green lawn stretched out before him, and he let out a small sigh of relief. The focus would be put on Rosie, and this conversation could be averted.
for everything. It made his head spin as he tried to align his thoughts with what he was being told now.
John met Sherlock’s eyes, and Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat. There was a nervousness in John’s gaze, but there was a bit of hopefulness too that took Sherlock by surprise. John looked terrified, but certain.
“You were shot,” she reminded him. “You’re in pain. It’s okay to admit you need something to help you get through.”
“Alright, fine,” grumbled Sherlock. “I won’t say anymore.” He’d already known she didn’t understand, of course, but he hated seeing her in distress.
Rosie continued to wail, looking up at him plaintively from her cot. He scooped her up into his arms, marveling not for the first time at how small she was. She knotted his sleep shirt in her tiny, chubby fingers, and a small wet patch began to grow right beside her cheek. It didn’t bother him like he once thought it would.
"It's not like we’re never going to see each other again,” Sherlock said. “I’m going to come to London was often as I can.”
Sherlock smiled a little. “The unfortunate side effect of tracking my deranged sister across the country, putting an end to it all, and coming straight back home after.”
“I’m sorry,” John said finally, when his tears were gone and his breathing had normalized. “I’m rubbish at controlling my emotions.”
The soldier in him calls for a plan, some method of attack, but the father in him shouts they have your
“Because it’s what you deserve,” John said simply. “And I wanted – no, needed to do this. Just trust me.”
“See?” John’s voice was so soft it could barely be heard over the thunder. It still made Sherlock’s head swim. “She likes hearing you talk.”
The laughter that bubbled up in John was unfamiliar, but welcome. He couldn’t recall the last time he’d genuinely laughed.
He knew he needed to remind himself that John was straight and not at all interested in him, but he was too giddy to do that at the moment. He was up half the night cataloguing the moment in his Mind Palace, his stomach too fluttery (what an awful, but appropriate word) for him to relax. It needed to be memorized! The feeling of John’s fingers over his, the look in his eyes, the softness of his voice… Sherlock hadn’t been lying when he said he was happy.
“Then why do you have to go?” John knew he sounded desperate, but he was panicking. He thought he and Sherlock had more time to continue whatever they were doing. He was
“I expected you to call sooner,” said Lestrade as soon as he picked up. “Hell, I expected a call last night.”
Penny’s only gotten louder, so John pulls himself together and goes upstairs. He picks her up from her cot and shushes her, rocking her in his arms.
It always does. So real that waking up feels like a dream. Or perhaps a nightmare. He can’t quite decide.
“What’s ridiculous is you not knowing how important you are to her.” He forced himself to look up at Sherlock. Sherlock’s face was unreadable. “She lights up when you walk into the room, she reaches for you when you get close. You give her your complete attention and treat her with the utmost care. I really don’t understand how you find this hard to believe.” He shrugged, being mindful of his injury. “You’re her godfather. You’ll always be important to her.”
“No,” Sherlock said. “I’m not. What you did wasn’t a bad thing. It wasn’t great, but it wasn’t the worst thing you could have done. You were just going after what you wanted.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but still thought through his answer. “I suppose it wasn’t that bad. I didn’t get on well with the other children –” John choked back a laugh at that, and Sherlock glared at him. “- So I spent a lot of time by myself.”
“I can mind her for a bit while you go get your things. We shouldn’t run into any trouble.” John flicked his gaze over to him. “Provided you’re up for it too.”
“Take Rosamund,” said Sherlock, rising from the couch in one fluid motion, “and go out the back door.”
“It was ours,” he said, surprising himself. Sherlock, who had been checking the inside of his case, looked up.
So, no, he hadn’t expected Rosie’s first word to be what she would be calling him (or, at least, a portion of it) for the rest of her life, but that didn’t make him any less happy that it had been. He was in a very good mood, and that was what gave him the courage to ask Sherlock to sit with him downstairs before bed.
Really, it was a normal dinner spread. It wasn’t unlike some of the dinners they had shared over the past three weeks, with one exception.
He knew exactly what Sherlock was referring to. He’d replayed that moment in his head countless times.
Their staring contest went on for another minute before Rosie opened her little mouth and accepted the bite of applesauce. Both John and Sherlock breathed sighs of relief. As if she was pleased with herself, Rosie grinned.
As the last week of camp approached, John found himself dreading it. Leaving camp meant leaving Sherlock, and there was nothing John wanted less. Sherlock was a fixture in his life now, and John didn’t want to let go.
“I know,” he said. “I didn’t give him the opportunity to write out a list. But really, I would have been foolish to pass up this chance to do the shopping. I told him I would last night.” He frowned as he wove his way around a display of canned fruits. “Though I am seriously regretting it.”
“Sherlock,” said Lestrade. “You’ve had only John to talk to for the past week, which may be heaven for you, but can’t be good for your emotions.”
John felt as though he had been punched. Sherlock seemed unfamiliar to him, and he couldn’t tell if it was because of the new information flooding his brain or Sherlock’s gaunt appearance that still made him want to cry every time he saw him.
with me. Right before he left, I divulged some very private information, and in return he left without talking to me about it and asked you to come today in his stead because he cannot bear to face me.” He hated that his voice cracked ever so slightly on the last few words, and he knew Lestrade caught it too from the way his lips parted.
Lestrade and Molly would call from time to time to check in. Mrs. Hudson called every day. While their words were once comforting, they now grated on John’s nerves. He had to actively work to keep himself from snapping at them, especially Mrs. Hudson. He knew they meant well, and that they were just as worried as he was, but he was tired of false optimism and promises. He just wanted his detective back.
John followed him out to the very end. Sherlock sat down and took off his trainers before letting his feet dangle into the water. A moment later, John’s pale feet joined his, causing the water to ripple around him.
“You can do that here,” John pleaded. He hadn’t realized how close he’d gotten, but now he and Sherlock were practically toe to toe. “You know you can. You’re brilliant like that.”
He missed Sherlock. He already knew this, it had been stated hundreds of times, but it didn’t stop being true. Sherlock was such a big part of his life that everything felt sideways without him. Like he kept things normal just by being around, which was ironic because nothing about Sherlock was normal.
Sherlock’s throat clogged with unexpected emotion, and he had to take a giant sip of water to get himself through it.
Sherlock woke with a start, his vision and thoughts muddled. It took a few blinks to adjust to the dark, and even then he needed another moment to pull his mind together. He didn’t understand why he was awake, especially since he had been dreaming only seconds before.
“We texted off and on for several weeks. It didn’t go beyond that, but it was obvious we both wanted it to. It was in our words. They were innocent, but they said a lot.”
Sherlock stood up and watched as Rosie flew across the room and latched herself to John’s legs. John set aside his bag and scooped her up in his arms, his own face just as wet as hers. His hand splayed across her back as he kissed her head and pressed his face to her hair.
“I’m not sick,” Sherlock replied, curling his shaky hands into tight fists. “I can go a long time without eating.”
“Sherlock?” He lightly knocked on the open door before peering around it. The sight that greeted him made his stomach plummet to the ground.
The words John said made sense, logically. It was just that Sherlock couldn’t quite wrap his head around it. Which was rather strange, seeing as just last night, he was just about ready to propose marriage.
That one word, so simple and yet it had the power to undo him. John sniffed and poked an old burn on the carpet with his foot. He could recall exactly how that came to be. It involved Sherlock and a blowtorch. And a very angry Mrs. Hudson afterwards.
A car drove past them on the street, and Sherlock wished it could take him with it. Everything hurt, and he just wanted it to stop.
“I suppose,” he replied with a shrug. “I wasn’t sure how well I’d do. Didn’t really have the best role model.” He froze when he realized what he’d said and hastily shoved a bite of spaghetti into his mouth. Sherlock was watching him closely, a question in his eyes, and he swallowed.
He could hear Rosie babbling behind him, eager to get out too. Turning, he saw Sherlock had guided the pushchair to the side of the walkway and was in the middle of picking her up. She gazed at Sherlock with such adoration that John had to look away, his throat tight.
He decides to invite John over after the case. It’s been too long since the good doctor had stopped by, and Sherlock is afraid he’ll forget what the flat looks like without John. Of course he knows he won’t, but it doesn’t stop him from being scared.
These sessions would give John the chance to see inside the enigma that was Sherlock Holmes. He didn’t know what he would find, but the possibilities were dizzying in how endless and exciting they were.
He’s been dreaming of this for so long that he can hardly figure out how he’s supposed to actually respond to it. Of course, most the scenarios he devised in his head involved a post-case adrenaline high, or a near-death incident. They didn’t include a far too quiet flat and a baby monitor clutched in his sweaty hand.
“Sherlock is actually my middle name,” he admitted. “My parents thought they were being clever by giving me an archaic name.”
Sherlock’s cheeks got a pink tinge, and he quickly darted upstairs. John leaned back on the couch, already envisioning the next night.
“What kind of support groups did she go to?” John didn’t care much about the finer details of this case, but hearing Sherlock’s voice after hours of panic soothed him a great deal.
Sherlock and John parted, gazing into each other’s eyes. They silently agreed to continue things later before turning to their daughter.
The covers were abruptly thrown back as Sherlock emerged from underneath them. His hair was mussed, and his cheeks held a red tint, no doubt caused by the heat. Or anger, if the fire in his eyes were anything to go by. The eyes were actually what captivated John the most. They stood out in the semi-darkness, pale, ethereal things. Right now, they were furious. Furious and glassy, the kind of glassy that came from being sick.
“I mean, yes, it was, but – mentally, I wasn’t here. Not always." He tore his gaze away from Sherlock and looked down at Rosie, still gnawing on Sherlock’s precious scarf. Sherlock took a step back. “I was a terrible husband, and a terrible father. I didn’t deserve them. I still don’t.”
“Right, because you needed help with Watson,” he replied coolly. “Molly and Lestrade were unavailable, I presume.”
Sherlock was fairly certain he was blushing, and he hated himself for it. “I know. Believe me, I do.”
“Sorry,” John said. “I don’t like to assume things about people. It’s not fair to them. I hate it when people do it to me.”
“That’s not the point. You asked why people say you’re a good person, and I gave you an example.” John took a deep breath and looked up. Sherlock’s expression was open, hopeful, and pleading all at once. It knocked the air from John’s lungs. “I hadn’t had a friend in so long, and then you came along and became the very best one a person could have. You don’t have to prove to me right now that you’re a good man because I already
John watched as Sherlock picked up the small tea sandwich and stared at it with intense curiosity. He could not help but let out a gentle chuckle as he picked up his own sandwich.
He was understandably relieved when he found himself with a break, stretching his aching limbs and went to open the window for some fresh air. As he breathed in the salty breeze, he took a moment to reflect on his encounter with Holmes earlier that day. How had the man figured out he had a military career? Had someone told him, or had he figured it out somehow?
to speak of him in that way. You can keep your money, your houses, wallow in it for all I care because it clearly is the only company you care to receive.”
It all started when John came home from work one day, he was tired, mentally exhausted, and all he wanted was a nice dinner of takeout with his flat mate while watching crap telly.
John nodded and quickly packed up whatever tools he left out and followed the boy through the many levels until the sun shone bright through the blowing sails above him and straight into his eyes. He recovered quickly to see the crew of the ship scurrying around the deck; much like the rats he’d seen doing the same with the introduction of light upon their dens.
"It is quite confusing, it's more like... It is a lot more like an emotional bond that doesn't exactly become whole until it's reciprocated than just a mark that says "you're mine and no one else can have you". For example, if John did not feel the same way (Or if he were to suddenly die very unexpectedly) the marks would begin to fade. The reason they do continue to darken is because this feeling is reciprocated and John feels the same, if not more for Sherlock.
“Why? Dr Watson, I have never claimed to understand my brother’s choices, and most of the time I have not agreed with most of them. Yet, when I told him of the consequences of being with you, nothing I told him made him waver in his certainty that he wanted to spend his life with you. He… He loves you, and that may not seem like much to you, but we do not fall in love. You two are a complete anomaly to our species…”
Sherlock help but let his eyes roll at the sight, his focus soon able to focus on his men when he looked to see the ship continue on its path towards them. “Alright, we’re dealing with a swag bellied prick, better known as my brother. If he’s here, it most likely means I’ll be arrested and possibly hung. That isn’t what concerns me. If that should happen, Lestrade will become your new captain.”
John soon gave into the thought that he was possibly overstepping his boundaries and let go of Sherlock’s face. He took a few steps away from the side of the bed as he ran his fingers through his hair, an attempt to get his thoughts together.
“Sherlock, what is going on with you this morning?” He placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, only for the man to yank it from underneath him as if he was disgusted by his touch.
None of them caught John’s eye, they were either too plain for what he had in mind, or a type of metal that wouldn’t last long in the water. Finally, when he was just about to give up, he noticed a small chain that had the delicate detail of clasped hands that were connected by a gem in their fingers.
“No, no it’s fine. Yeah, let’s go.” He pressed another kiss to Sherlock’s cheek and gave him a tired smile. Sherlock returned the same, and they continued to walk together until they shut the door behind them, turned out the light, and curled up underneath the covers. With Sherlock curled up on John’s side and his body wrapped tightly around his arm.
Sherlock let out a gentle sigh as his head was drawn back to the shoulder, he had just marked the previous day. A gentle rub of his nose through the many layers of fabric seemed to calm his doctor well enough from the tensity he had brought upon himself.
“Just.. can we not do this right now?” It was quiet for a moment before John let out a sigh and walked over to him.
I likely am going to take a break from writing and updating on here for awhile now that I am starting school once again. It just became too stressful last year to keep up with scheduling while maintaining schoolwork, and I feel many things suffered due to it, including my writing. Now, as school approaches and that anxiety hardly lets me see the major issues my writing holds, it has caused the standard I have held for myself to severely drop, and I cannot stand to give you all something that is subpar to what I know I am capable of.
He moved closer to the side rail to peer at that figure, the man himself unmistakable as Mycroft, who appeared to be staring right back at him.
“Anyway, I suppose a proper introduction is in order. My name is Sherlock Holmes, and this is my intimate friend and associate, Dr. Watson, with whom you may speak as freely as you would me. Now,”
Sherlock nearly went boneless when he felt a light touch from calloused fingers wrap around his hand and soon pulled Sherlock into his grasp without so much as a greeting between them. The soft brush of skin against his shoulder was what caught his attention as John buried his head into the crook of Sherlock’s neck and didn’t move for quite some time.
Warning: This chapter does contain scenes of violence between Sherlock and John. It is written as crack, that is the tone I chose to take with this chapter in order to fit the request. This is in no way a proper way to deal with drug addiction of someone you may know, hopefully I wrote it in a way that comes across. If the idea of violence between these two make you uncomfortable, even though it is not written too graphically, I would not recommend reading this chapter.
“Thankfully, we have a treatment where we can reduce the swelling and you should have complete movement in your limbs within a few days. You will however have to wear a back brace for a few weeks, but after that you’ll be perfectly alright.”
He could not help but admire the way Sherlock looked him that moment; his curls slightly tousled and still damp from his shower, a few drips of water landed on the man’s angular cheekbones that led his eyes up to his expressive and intelligent eyes that looked so intent and fixed on the task in front of him.
As they carefully brought sherlock on board, the crew was utterly silent while they watched the two men carry their captain in their arms to the infirmary, and shut the door behind them.
He fervently moved to throw himself against the door again and again. Not stopping until he felt bruises forming on his arm that caused him to slide down the solid oak frame in defeat. He held his bruising arm as his back was solidly held straight by the door, horrible thoughts began to run through his head at the possible fate that was in store for him. What would it be? Keelhauling, lashed to death, burning his hands down to the bone?
The pathway back to the dock was mapped with worry and anxiety as John cautiously traveled back to it and was relieved to see Sherlock sat at the end of it, he seemed fairly at ease compared to John as he calmly ran his fingers through his still soaked curls.
He glanced behind himself every so often, and he swore he could see that the breeze blew silky and ink-coloured curls back into his view from behind the stone that peaked from the sea.
“It’s just a simple sandwich that many people enjoy with their tea. I brought along some for you to try.”
That vulnerability quickly turned to rage as he shoved at Mycroft to the point, he was nearing the edge of the wood beneath him. “Mycroft, how do you know about him? Did Victor tell you? Ugh, I’m going to kill him-“
He allowed his hand to slip away from John’s with, luckily, not too much pain as he tried to roll over. That did not illicit the same, as throbbing discomfort ran all through his left side.
He was able to drag him over to the sofa and pushed him off there, and watched as the man curled in on himself like a freezing animal while John tried to catch his own breath.
John tugged his arm away from Lestrade and swiftly undid the buttons of his waistcoat as he tossed it aside. “It’s difficult to explain, we’ll be back in a moment, just stay there.”
Where his legs should have been, a long fish tail that reached down to the water with shimmering scales that seemed to shift from a navy blue, to black, to almost an aubergine color when the light hit them, sat in place of his lower appendages.
“Very well, well I suppose it was. Not many men most likely even knew that it was now an infirmary and no longer a broom closet.”
He decided to enter the establishment, as he had nothing else to lose. The light fragrance of lavender wafted into his nose as he stepped inside to see a vast array of trinkets and jewellery all over the store.
John could easily feel the way Sherlock’s torso curved to move into his touch as John’s hand rested on his hip. The faded transition from skin to scale caused a wandering hand to rub against the conversion. They both found out that Sherlock had ended up practically pressed against him from that touch before they broke away from their kiss with quickened breaths, and they eventually needed to rest their foreheads against one another’s in order to keep their wits about them.
A slight smile grew on Sherlock’s face as he took a step closer to John. The sudden warmth of a body next to him made him instinctively take a step backwards before he was stopped by the wall opposite of the bathroom.
John took a chancing glance outside the window and thankfully saw the woman in black beneath the window had begun to make her way inside the hotel. The window of time he had was slim at best until she returned, and he took his chance the moment he saw the door close behind her.
He was awoken with a start as his head hit the bottom of a desk he’d found himself sleeping under. He hurriedly looked to see what had caused such a violent reaction and his eyes took a disconcerting amount of time to adjust to the sudden stream of light entering the room with the tall figure of Captain Holmes blocking it.
This hidden need, this ache that had sat inside him longer than he had known possible, bubbled up to sit within the confines of his chest. If he had described it as a fire within him before, it was nothing compared to this.
It was now John’s turn to look confused at such a bold and brash statement that he could be so sure of. He took this seemingly obvious bait and leaned forward only slightly to listen to him. “And how would you know that?”
He made his way into the line to get his rations for the day before he found a place to sit, it was just his luck that Lestrade found him and pulled him over to the captain’s table, saying the man had to speak with him.
He let out a relieved sigh once he had reached his room and shut the door behind him. The slosh of water that had found its way into his shoes drew a grimace on his features, and he began to make quick work of every item of clothing that clung to him with an unbearable contact.
“I don’t believe I’ll be doing business with you today Mr. Holmes. Thank you for the lovely offer.” He then slammed the pub’s door closed behind him before he began to make his way down the street; His cane left abandoned on the floor of the tavern as he walked further away without any notice.
“I said, go away! What do you even what me to do? If you’ve forgotten, you were the one that said that I need to be ‘protected’ from Sherlock’s past as if I was some helpless maiden in distress.” He pulled out a handkerchief and waved it in example before carelessly throwing it in Lestrade’s face.
Sherlock kept up this small charade for longer than he wanted, even going as far as to suck on his thumb while the man got off on his knee between his legs. It all came to a head when he tried to lean in and bite Sherlock’s neck, to leave a semi-permanent mark on him to prove this disturbing interaction actually occurred.
John gave him his usual friendly smile while trying to ignore the slight irritation that began to build from all the attention he was getting. He mindlessly shook his hand, and soon began to stand up when Greg stood up along side him. “I suppose you’re going to show me where to go?”
Do let me know what you think of this story, I've had it in my mind for quite some time and originally wrote a few rough drafts of it in a request fill, and decided to add to it and managed to make a story from it.
convince me while still caring about you. And by his own accord he has come to the decision to sacrifice a lot for you. More than you could ever hope to understand for as long as you live.”
It all came to a head at one point when he felt his nose brush against John’s shoulder just out of habit, which seemed to drag away that pain and agony that easily could have lasted hours, and left him with only a groggy feeling that settled within his stomach. In reality, this torture had likely lasted longer than thirty minutes, but he had found himself settled within a comfortable space, and allowed his mind to focus only on that.
“Our jeweler is able to change out the stone if you would like a different one. That one is just for display.”
Sherlock was jolted awake by the practically demonic sound of his cell door sliding open, the sound usually meant one of the guards was going to stare at him until he ate. That was perfectly fine with him, they would be there for hours if they persisted before they decided to give up.
“Well, if you know your limits with it, you could at least make the effort to take care of it. It’s a living part of you that you use every day and you don’t even bother to properly care for it like you need to! I know you make this point of not doing unnecessary activities until you solve a case, but you
“Alright, I’ll do it as long as this doesn’t become a regular occurrence, and if you promise me, you will try and get off this. Okay?”
What he saw instead seemed to rouse him from his happy stupor as he sat up again to see the sight of his old friend that swam by. Auburn hair, dark blue eyes, a thin wiry frame much like Sherlock’s own, and a pale complexion that made him unmistakably recognisable as his old friend which he hadn’t seen for many years.
He refused to let out the groan that wanted to escape his throat when he took a seat on the sea worn wood and listened to the gentle crash of waves against the dock as he allowed it to fill his senses.
This instigated a look from Mycroft that John did not dare return, but the feeling was noted when the blanket was then thrown at his head rather forcefully. It was yanked away quick enough to turn his attention back to Sherlock.
He laid still on the floor for a long while, only relieved by the thundering sound of his crew moving up the stairs and gather on deck in front of him, to which they promptly fell to the floor at the sight of their captain doing the same.
He let his mind wander again to those ice blue eyes that seemed to stare through him even when he gave his full attention to John. The gaze that seemed to pin him in place and study every inch of him fervently as though he was only thing in existence that mattered to this mysterious and elegant creature.
“Hm? Oh, yes, yes I am just fine.” He gave her a small smile that only felt wrong when Mrs. Hudson watched as he instead used his right arm to pick up his cup and took a sip. Which he promptly spit back out with a disgusted look on his face.
Sherlock didn’t like that, he couldn’t have it, he wouldn’t have it. After all of this work, all of this effort in order to prove that this man was in fact guilty, and they were just letting him get away?
The urge to buck into his mouth and pass by the painful gentle touch was lost as the rest of his body felt limp besides the one part that mattered.
Sherlock let out a lack luster chuckle as his hand moved to hold John’s free one. The small jewel on his wrist still shone with all its brilliance, even in the moonlight. “You know I can’t… I would love to, but it’s not possible…”
The travel from getting his food to find a place at the table was mostly uneventful, only having to dodge suspicious looks as he attempted to eat his food in peace. The staring was only made worse when Captain Holmes began to speak.
“Never an issue? Sherlock, when have I never complained? For God’s sake, last week you had a human head in the fridge and caused everything in there to smell like rot! I had to throw out a week’s worth of shopping!”
He quickly ran his hands over his face as he knew he was over thinking this, and quickly rose to get dressed. He took a scrutinizing gaze over the barely touched meal when he made his way over to it, reminding himself to ask of Sherlock’s eating habits later when he had the time.
Small growls were exchanged between them until Sherlock took it into his hands to get out of his seat no matter what. This solution ended up being a headbutt to John’s nose, which caused John’s immediate reaction to be a punch to the face that knocked the man to the side.
He hardly felt the man’s fingers move into his hair and turn his head to look at him until his eyes met Sherlock’s hardly open ones. “Your thoughts are deafening, John. What’s on your mind…”
John imagined the sounds Sherlock might be able to make with him between his legs, the sounds John could
John made a swift turn to Sherlock, who now sat up to look at him with a slightly concerned expression, which was greatly increased when John cupped Sherlock’s head in his hands.
John was pleasantly surprised when they walked into the cabin, he was expecting the squalor of an environment that looked practically diseased on every surface that he saw, yet everything was so
He didn’t need to probe for more context to know what he was talking about, as he was up on his feet and down the path of creaking stairs and to his bedroom. He took a moment to remember in his high where he had decided to place it; a few spins in the middle of the room later and he rummaged through his sock index until he found the small bag he was after.
That managed to get a smile from him as his hand began to move again, his face moved back into its place of comfort within the crook of his neck. His fingers trailed their way to rest upon the marks he had made so long ago, that had never faded through every argument, disagreement, insult, or trivial matter that found its way between them.
Sherlock head gave a small tremble as he gripped his wrist impossibly tighter to himself, they pulsating feeling within his shoulder gave him some much-needed reassurance as to his decision when he finally allowed himself to nod. “Yes, I am certain.”
Lestrade gave them a small nod, and soon left them alone to warm up and dry off in peace. It was only then that Sherlock managed to curl up within John’s lap with many layers wrapped around him. Yet, he still visibly shivered when he eventually emerged with his legs perfectly intact.
It was too much. It was all too much. John could feel the tight ball in his chest tensing even more, to the point of it being painful. With each word he said, he could feel himself inching closer and closer to an explosion.
“Tomorrow we’ll go our separate ways,” John said, turning Sherlock’s hand over. “We don’t ever have to see each other again if we don’t want to. So I might as well tell you, since it’s already come out a bit, that I fancy you, Sherlock. Really and truly fancy you.”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice, normally strong and confident, is small and tentative. It makes John ache. Sherlock shouldn’t sound like that, ever. It’s wrong.
John stepped up beside him and started down the sidewalk. Sherlock fell into step with him, shoving his hands deep into his pockets. He was on John’s left side, and his hand was dangling there within reach of Sherlock, and he didn’t want to be tempted. Despite John touching his hand earlier, he wasn’t completely sure of what he was allowed, and he didn’t want to ruin anything.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up in that way John loved so much. “I’ve found myself discovering the error of my ways. I think it’s because of my doctor.”
John ached to tell him the truth, to stop the pain he was experiencing, but he forced himself to stay strong. He had plans. He couldn’t ruin them, not when they were so close to completion.
Sherlock’s jaw worked. “His family moved away just over a year later. I was so against it I begged his parents not to go. Created a whole argument about why them staying would be more beneficial. When they didn’t budge, I offered Victor a spare room in our house. It was my sister’s, but I didn’t realize it.” He looked down at his lap, where his fingers were gripping the seam of his trousers. “He said he couldn’t. He didn’t want to be separated from his parents.”
Carrying and holding Rosie with one arm wasn’t a challenge, but doing just about everything else was. He couldn’t change her diaper, couldn’t feed her a bottle, and certainly couldn’t give her the bath she needed.
Today was no exception with the coffee, but something was amiss. Sherlock’s eyes swept over John, seeking an answer. The dark circles under his eyes told Sherlock he hadn’t gotten much sleep, and the tightness in his mouth signaled something was consuming his thoughts. His hair, more rumpled than normal, indicated he had been tugging on it frequently, and he hadn’t even attempted to take care of his stubble.
John froze, feeling the tension between them break. A rush of mortification rose up in him, and he ducked his head.
Greg held his hands up. “I just saw her talking to you earlier. I swear I didn’t stalk you, or something.”
to have a sort-of-affair with? The odds of that happening were impossibly slim, but in the hours since John telling him about it, Sherlock had envisioned it happening no less than nineteen times. His brain moved too fast for him to keep up sometimes.
It could have something to do with the chest beneath his cheek, with the arms wound around his body, with the soft breath that stirred his hair.
Sherlock eventually fell silent, but John wasn’t able to fall asleep. Instead, he found himself reaching for the monitor and tucking it under his pillow.
Molly giggled and said something else, but Sherlock stopped listening at that point. He wasn’t sure what to make of Molly’s reaction to John saying the two of them were going out, so he chose to ignore it for the time being. He went back to his room to fetch his phone and then went downstairs.
“I was seven,” Sherlock replied curtly. “It’s in the past, and we’re moving on from that, aren’t we?”
Without looking away from the clock, he felt his hand drift out to his left, towards the cold, empty opposite side of the bed. His fingers glided over the soft sheets and hit the pillow that had long since stopped retaining its usual scent. It wasn’t like that side of the bed was going to magically become occupied just because he wasn’t looking at it, but checking anyway was habit by now.
John’s face twisted up with pain and horror. His mouth hung open, and his eyes widened. The lines on his face became more pronounced. He shook his head.
Days passed. John tried not to pay attention to the amount. Then it became a week, and he could hardly think past the constant panic that pervaded his thoughts. He hadn’t heard a word from Mycroft since that night, and he couldn’t tell if that was a good or bad sign. It certainly didn’t help his nerves. He felt like he was a second away from fracturing and falling apart.
“I cannot believe you didn’t tell me about this sooner,” Sherlock said, going through the file again. “This is at least an eight, nearing a nine. We had
John swallowed hard, the tightness in his body spreading to his chest. He shook his head. “Just – can you give me a little bit to change your mind? Please?”
Silence descended on them. Sherlock pressed his hands together, waiting for the familiar twinge in his inner elbow that usually came from thinking about cocaine. Mercifully, it didn’t come.
Lestrade didn’t seem surprised or put-off by this response at all. “Probably not. I just thought I’d understand the situation better if I knew. But you don’t have to tell me.”
“Are you sure you’d be comfortable with it?” he asked instead of agreeing like his heart was shouting at him to do.
John’s sling was dark blue and made of polyester. Sherlock hated the sight of it. It was another reminder that he’d been hurt, that he had nearly died. Sherlock tried not to think about it, because too much thought devoted to the subject of John dying only fueled his nightmares, and he didn’t need to contribute to those.
“No.” Sherlock was vehement. “He’s told off a few people, but he’s never stood up to someone like the
John laughed. Rosie looked at him and giggled too, like she wanted to be just like her dad. She banged her sippy cup against her chair.
Sherlock scoffed again. “‘Taken care of.’ How patronizing.” His voice was slightly muffled from the assortment of blankets covering him, but John could hear the spiteful tone through it all.
Feeling a bit bolder, he moved further in. He made it past the first two beds before answering. “I’m John. My friend Greg said he was worried about you.”
John laughed humorlessly. “Are you serious? She’s got a brilliant mind, she’s gorgeous, she loves playing games. She’s perfect for you.”
Something – possibly pain – flashed across Sherlock’s face. “Mycroft has men watching Baker Street.”
It takes John several seconds to realize Sherlock has turned away, separating their lips. John tries to connect them once more, but Sherlock jerks his head back, sending a pang of fear and sadness through John. He lets his hands fall from Sherlock’s hair and pulls himself up from his lap.
His gut twisted at the thought of going back. There was a chance he was making a big deal out of nothing, but he didn’t really think he was. After the way things had gone the night before, there was no way there wouldn’t be some residual awkwardness in the air. He just wasn’t ready to confront it. Every time things got tense between them, he feared it would be the end. The end of the only thing he held dear.
He knew this already, and while Sherlock deserved to know the truth about who his therapist was, he wasn’t ready for that conversation. He repeated his previous question.
“She’s asleep,” said John, quietly. Sherlock blinked, then looked down. Rosie slept against him, her face peaceful and perfect.
He still hadn’t admitted there was anything wrong, and John never pushed. John had a feeling Sherlock knew deep down. He was a smart boy, he had to know. But if he didn’t want to confirm it, John wouldn’t force him.
It took him a second too long to realize Sherlock was now looking at him too. With a click, he locked his phone and set it aside.
John sighed and rubbed his forehead with his left hand. “I’m not – I don’t know what to say to him. I’m not ready.”
Lestrade wasn’t an idiot. Sherlock had always known this. It was why he kept going to him in search of cases and why he tolerated the man’s presence in his life. He knew Lestrade understood exactly what he meant. Lestrade knew just what Sherlock had said that made John flee, made John hide. He knew it without Sherlock having to tell him. For that, Sherlock would be forever grateful.
“Why?” In all the years of them knowing each other, John believed he could count all the arguments he’d won on one hand. It was petty of him, but he was determined to win this one. There was a burning sensation in his gut that needed to be put out. “I saw the two of you together, I saw your connection.”
“As it turns out,” he said, “that woman was your sister. Pretending to be someone else to… I don’t know what. Get close to me to get to you? Probably, because I’m just an extension of you most of the time. But, yeah. That’s why I’m so curious about her. Because I cheated on my wife with her.” For so long, he had avoided using that word. Cheating. He’d tried to convince himself that that wasn’t what he was doing, that he was innocent and was still a good husband. But recently, he couldn’t deny that he’d never been a good husband. Not even on their wedding day.
His tea had gotten cold long ago, but he had no desire to make a new cup. The television was on to a dull soap opera. He wasn’t watching it; he only wanted the background noise.
Once he was in the doorway, John was powerless to stop himself from moving all the way into the room. He missed Sherlock so badly, the way someone might miss a limb. He felt the loss of him keenly, and he shuddered to think of what it would be like if Sherlock never came home. The pain would be unimaginable.
John nodded, unable to stop the small smile that was spreading. “I do.” Sherlock’s answering smile was all he needed to know they were going to be okay, as long as they both put in a little work.
John couldn’t remember the last time he had taken Rosie to the park. It was most certainly when Mary had still been alive, but even then he couldn’t quite pin it down. There had been so much going on at the time that it was hard to say when they had the opportunity to do so. It didn’t seem fair, really, that Rosie had been deprived of nice outings like this because of her parents’ drama, but that was the life she had been born into.
John slowly sank into his seat and started to reach for his wineglass before stopping. “I wanted to thank you,” he said finally. “Remember? This is for everything you’ve –”
Sagging against the couch, John shook his head. “I know. I’m a colossal idiot. I don’t know how it’s taken me so long to see it, but I finally get it.”
“John…” Sherlock wished he could reach out and touch him, but that wasn’t something he was allowed, and Rosie would still be in the way even if it was.
The thunderstorm had lessened, which made it easier to put Rosie to sleep. She hadn’t called John “Da” more than a handful of times since the first, but it still sent a jolt of bright happiness through him. He had hoped, of course, that her first word would be something like that, but he’d known better than to assume it would. His own first word had been “no,” funnily enough. His mother used to tell the story of how she tried to put John down for a nap and he’d spoken for the first time ever just to reject it. It still made him smile, even if the thought of his mother made him sad.
“Why do you care?” John asked, his eyes on the screen at that particular moment. “You don’t like music.”
He took his scarf out of his pocket and offered it to her. She squealed in delight and took it from him. Within seconds, it was in her mouth.
John looked like a mixture of amused and ashamed. “I’ve lived with you before. I’d just be living with you again. Nothing’s changed.”
It took a minute for those words and its implications to fully hit Sherlock. A slight panic gripped his chest at the mere idea.
He isn’t delusional enough to think Penny being there hasn’t disrupted Sherlock’s life exponentially. He can’t leave experiments or toxic materials out in the open. He can’t play the violin in the middle of the night. He certainly can’t shoot at the walls whenever he gets bored. The life Sherlock once lived is gone, and John had expected him to make much more of a fuss.
Sherlock scratched the cut on his brow, and John’s stomach gave a little lurch. “What does it matter? So I’m attracted to men. That doesn’t change the fact that romantic relationships are unappealing to me.”
“What are you doing here?” he asked, possibly a bit blunter than necessary. Molly didn’t seem bothered though; in fact, she seemed delighted.
There was so much to process, so much to sort through, but now that the shock of Sherlock’s return was wearing off, he was reminded that it was past two in the morning, and he was bloody exhausted. Everything would have to wait until tomorrow.
Downstairs, about twenty minutes later, he heard the doorbell ring. Curious, he stood and walked to the stop of the stairs.
he had said. He’d said it many times. It technically wasn’t a lie, as he did fancy women. But he knew the implication those words had, and he hid behind it for years. He let Sherlock believe he was straight, and he couldn’t help but think that if he had only told Sherlock the truth all those years ago, they could have avoided a great deal of pain.
John was out of his room in two seconds flat and in Rosie’s only a handful more. Just as he’d feared, her room was empty.
As he blinks slowly, 221B comes into sharper focus. The cluttered table, the skull on the mantelpiece. His armchair, looking quite lonely without its partner across from it.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed. He sent a cursory look over his shoulder to check on Rosie’s progress (getting within the danger zone, but still safe) before responding.
For the sixth time in the past half-hour, John rose from the couch and walked to the front window. Reaching up with his left hand, he parted the curtains and looked outside, hoping to see his mad detective ambling up the front walk.
“We’d better go,” Sherlock continued. “See if the violin works.” He made for the door, but stopped when John didn’t move with him. “John? Coming?”
catching John as he first stumbled out of his room in the morning, with his hair rumpled from sleep and his eyes beautifully bleary.
John tried to tell himself that he was safe, that everything was okay, and that he was probably just caught up in the case. He knew Sherlock well enough to know that the man sometimes could get so involved with the mystery that he stopped caring about anything else. Quite frankly, that would be the most normal thing to happen to either of them in weeks. It should be a relief.
As the nurse calmly repeated the words and filled in the blanks, Sherlock lowered himself into the nearest chair, his stomach roiling and his throat tightening. Somewhere in the back of his mind he realized he was sitting in John’s chair, and the thought almost broke him.
John inhaled shakily. Sherlock could tell he was debating with himself, uncertain about whether or not he should argue against the compliment or not. He squeezed John’s hand, and John’s shoulders sagged.
“I know,” he said once he’d swallowed. He hesitated, then spoke quieter than before. “Thank you, Greg.”
“You heard your father,” he said. “You’re going to be okay, Miss Rosamund. Isn’t that wonderful? You will make a full recovery. How could you not, with the best doctor in the world as your dad?”
“The minute you hear from him, I want to be notified,” John said. “I’m tired of not knowing a single thing.”
“John,” Sherlock said, his voice even and blank in a way that told John he was working hard to make it so. “I didn’t realize you were still awake. You didn’t need to stay up for me.”
The simple admission fell from him easily, and he focused on adjusting his rolled-up shirtsleeves to avoid seeing John’s reaction.
How was it that John Watson had the power to take Sherlock’s breath away so thoroughly? It was like he’d fallen into the lake again and couldn’t find the surface. But in this instance, drowning didn’t seem so bad.
Sherlock only grunted in response. Having finished the eggs, he took them off the stovetop and turned off the burner.
John raised his eyebrows. “You can’t seriously tell me you’d rather stay here all day than go solve these murders. The world may be ending if you do.”
“I think,” Sherlock said, “you just insulted your daughter.” He maneuvered the spoon carefully and guided a particularly problematic clump of applesauce into Rosie’s mouth. It had gotten stuck on her lower lip.
a voice that sounded suspiciously like his brother sounded in his mind. Sherlock looked away from the father and daughter pair, even as he ached to wrap his arms around the both of them.
Rosie nodded eagerly. “Come see!” She leapt off him and grabbed his hand. He dutifully stood up and followed her out to the sitting room, where there were piles of presents beneath the Christmas tree in the corner. She held her hands out in a “ta da” gesture, and he acted appropriately surprised, as though he hadn’t set them all out the night before.
“Thank you,” John said. Then he left the room and pulled out his cell phone. He needed some assistance.
John was looking at him again, lips pressed together.  He nodded, and Sherlock felt like his world was upended.
It was the lamest rationale ever, but it shut Sherlock up. He went back to his book, and John went back to his internal debate over whether or not he was head over heels for the genius lying beside him.
– was frankly more terrifying than war, but he’d have to do it if he wanted Sherlock back. “I’ll go tomorrow. Wait, no, Rosie has appointments in the morning, and I said I’d take an emergency shift at the surgery. So, the day after. After my therapist appointment.”
care about other people. Because you remind me of my sister. Because you’re brilliant.” John shook his head. “I don’t really know why. All I know is that I do. And you may not be able to accept that, and that’s okay. Just know that I do.”
“What makes you say that?” John said, steadfastly refusing to explore that line of thought. It was becoming harder and harder to ignore, but now wasn’t the time to let himself reflect on it.
Sherlock wasn’t looking at him, his gaze firmly fixed on his long fingers, which were smoothing out an invisible crease in his gray trousers. It was as though he wasn’t used to all this genuine praise. Sure, his mind was complimented frequently by all who beheld it (most often by John), but few people spoke to his kindness and compassion. That was most likely because few people saw it, but even those who knew it was there didn’t always speak up. It made John quite sad.
He was highly distracted; he will admit that. The lovely feeling of Sherlock’s nose pressed to his neck and tongue that ran into small circles on his skin was a wonderful interruption that he hardly noticed the movement from the rock where he first spotted Sherlock.
It was the next few excruciating moments that nearly killed him as Sherlock’s tongue was deadly in more ways than one. The absolutely sinful way his tongue moved around John’s head and flicked against the hole before he took another inch or two of him into his mouth.
“I’m not early Sherlock, you’ve been in the same place while getting high since I left this morning!”
“I don’t want to hear of you going behind my back again to “warn” John of anything. I won’t let anything happen to him, perhaps your idea of loyalty needs to be reevaluated.” He soon turned to walk away, a shot of anger running through his spine when he heard Lestrade’s voice once again.
They both sat quietly for a while as Sherlock continued to switch between cotton pads, both ignored the stinging to the wound that was caused by disinfectant, And Sherlock soon pulled out a small bandage to cover it for now.
He felt a gentle tug on his foot not long after, and looked down to see Sherlock smiling up at him. He lifted himself to allow his torso to rest upon the wood, the effort to resist the urge to shove him back in the water or hold him in his arms was almost impossible, but was made attainable when Lestrade made his way over with blankets upon blankets.
John only received a smile for his concern, and the man pulled his head above the water reveal his wiry frame that still carried tone and definition in his limbs and- Oh good god he was not wearing a shirt.
I will still obviously be creating new stories, but I will either wait till I have longer opportunities to post these in order to have them already written, or I will likely expand the time between each chapter significantly. All of your support and comments have just lit up my life in more ways than you could know, and I couldn't be more grateful to have found such a positive community on here.
Lestrade could barely hold back his smile as he gripped John’s hand, a quick flash of confusion washed over John’s face as his arm was yanked into the air alongside Lestrade’s. “May I present, Captain John Watson.”
“You know very well that is not what I meant, Sherlock. I know how Doctor Watson speaks of you; I know how he feels. What I need from you is to stop hiding behind the way he feels, and tell me what you are feeling.”
“I know, I know. It’s just what I do to help Rosie when she’s upset. Just breathe for me, okay?” He looked to meet his eyes but ended with their foreheads pressed together instead. It didn’t matter to him, as he savored in the quiet moment between them with a few sniffles intermingled.
The look of hurt he received in return made him rethink his statement, and the way Sherlock laid down on the dock and curled up in on himself made Mycroft walk back over and sit down beside him. A light brush through Sherlock’s curls caused the merman beside him to curl up tighter and let out a pained whimper as though he was a shot animal.
John barely had time to shake away the numbness that ran through his arm when he was struck square in the jaw by Sherlock’s fist and he dropped to the ground.
“Hey, it’s alright. Just… I know you’re sensitive about your tail, but I just want you to take care of yourself. I don’t what I’d do if…”
His hand soon began its slow drag of them together, his pace slowing down or rapidly speeding up whenever he felt the way Sherlock and his hips arched into the touch, the way Sherlock’s seemed to dilate when his hand brushed along John’s mark, or when he finally removed his hand to let out a strangled gasp and tightly grip onto John’s back as his hips rolled up to meet John’s.
Hopefully that helped, I feel I'm absolutely terrible at explaining this process that's really in my own head and I've never had to put it into words"
Sherlock finally returned his smile and moved to press a true kiss to his lips, and they held it. Nothing else seemed to matter in that moment as John sat on the edge of Sherlock’s bed, held his hand against his face, and held out that kiss for as long as they possibly dared.
“Oh, come on John! You cannot just lay here and mope while Sherlock is on his way to prison or maybe even worse!” He walked over to the side of the bed and leaned over him to get his attention.
He had to be correct, even with the crashing waves that obstructed his view, he thought he could see the faintest sight of ebony curls that peaked over the rock every so often.
“There is no need to explain anything, I am here to explain something to you. I need to make it noticeably clear to you that you are delving into something much larger than you are probably prepared to deal with.”
Much like most of his days on a naval voyage, John woke up long before anyone else. He, as usual, took this opportunity to dress and make his way up to his station without having to deal with the rush of men around him in the morning. He made his way up on deck with only a few hiccups, mainly tripping over a man who had decided to lie in the aisle, and began to walk towards the new “infirmary”, before his attention was caught by the flicker of light from underneath the door of the room that was too noticeable to miss with the lack of early morning light.
