„Oh yeah … what exactly?“
„Normal?“
"There are no good and bad times for this." Sam exhales the tears away, his chin trembles.
Cas looks at him, frowning, „No Dean, I won't. They said it's just standard procedure. All angels were restored.“
Sam observes him, noticing how relaxed he appears to be compared to the last months. He seems to be a bit of his old self, joking, easy-going, but more collected. All the anger left? Maybe he finally left the hamster wheel he built on his own. Sam follows his brothers gaze over the fire to Cas, who is still drawn in a discussion with Donna and she makes him taste a marshmallow. He frowns and mouths something that looks like „molecules“ to Sam. Seemingly Donna has the time of her life, her cheeks are glowing, she has to laugh so hard. Sam just smirks, thinking about apocalypses, disputes, losses, a thirteen day long shift full of tense and tiring staring at the laptop screen to check the surveillance footage. Everythings more in order now than it has ever been. Surprisingly. That's when Dean says „
„This erm, this is my way of asking you if you would like to … be my … husband. I guess? I mean - you need a name!“
Instead he just says he did very much things in a „strange fashion“ and noticed mostly when it's to late. As Dean tries to imagine how someone could shower „in a strange fashion“, Cas turns on the water and seemingly enjoys it raining down on him.
„Why? What do you mean?“
„Study objects? Because of your boring, silly life here? Because if you don't live you may can't fail, but you also cannot try to make it right.“ he gets louder, vigorous, angrier. „Experience neither the highs, nor the lows.“
„So?“
„Hm. That's handy.“ Dean looks impressed.
As its getting dark, they find themselves around the bonfire, fooling around, happy, eating, laughing. Donnas reaction to Cas was memorable. She was in complete awe, talking kind nonsense, asking him confusing questions and gave him another wholesome hug afterwards, which Castiel considered overwhelming, but very amiable. Jody and Cas talked about Claire and exchanged some news, mainly about Kaia and her and how's it going in general. Bobby and Dean were eagerly eating some of  Eileens burgers, while she signs „It's all vegetarian“ and Sam grins, sharing conspiring glances with her. Now Jody and Donna are roasting some marshmallows, already wrapped in a woolly blanket, while everyone except Dean and Cas started to pour themselves some drinks. Dean seems to be pleased with some unhealthy looking lemonade, which seems odd to Cas or at least unusual.
Deans face immediately shifts to upset and as he wanted to say something, the Shadow just waves a hand in the air and Dean collapses to the ground in pain. Cas squats next to him and holds him. „Stop it, please. Do with me whatever you want, but spare him.“
„Hello, Dean.“
„Oh yeah?“
„David Copperfield. Very good.“ answers Cas.
5 715 – CRΣΣKS *  Nor'Easters
„Oh ...“ Cas looks shy and hesitantly, as if not daring to look at Dean, who notices.
„What do you suggest?“
Sometimes he emanates something angelic. Angelic as in all the corny movies and shows.
„Why would I want all that misery?“
„Are you relieved? To see everything in order again?“
„...“
„What?“
He needs to, he does and does again. Just to be sure. Then he is sure. He even tries to heal him when he sleeps. But it comes back. It's nearly not perceivable, even for him. But it's the start of something. And as he is finally sure, that he cannot fix it, he knows it's also the end of something.
„Yes. What if everything wasn't real? Everytime when he looked at me and I got the feeling to see it in his eyes. Or what I felt, when he ...“. Some tears are running down his face and he looks away, his lips shaking. Sam wipes over his face and exhales loudly.
Cas smiles shyly, looks at him, not blinking, exhales and smacks his lips.
After some minutes Cas dares to break the silence. „You will go see a doctor, right?“
„Okay … then, what would you have done in my place?“
Dean shakes his head and exhales loudly.
As soon as he realizes how stupid his explanation sounds, he exhales, annoyed by himself and adds „It's not because of needing a name, ok. It's because I think that's just right. That's how it should be. You and me.“ And after a break „If you want to.“
Cas notices Deans mood. It's as if a dark cloud hangs suddenly over Deans head.
„That scar is new?“
„Yeah, maybe. We can't say for sure, yet. But I can't shake the thought that whatever Rowena and Jack are doing, they seemingly are doing a good job!? Maybe this is it. The world seems to be in order. The number of cases hunters report are decreasing.“
Sam shakes his head, but then says „Yeah, believe that this time we won't mess up.“
„Hm. It's good isn't it?“
But some storys were only told now, after years of peace. Human life released something in Cas. Realizations, memories. He started talking much about the wars he fought, the human and not-so-human destinies he experienced. His actions or what they resulted in. Good, bad and everything in between. Actions and outcomes, that couldn't be measured. Sometimes wonders. Sometimes things Cas considered now as crimes, having in mind what Chuck turned out to be. In these moments Dean could just listen, muted and most of the time didn't know what to say. If he just would have known what Cas went through for ages. All these stories and pictures buried in him. They knew each other for nearly twenty years, were now living as a couple for some  and just now he understands a bit how Castiel was shaped. How much he changed, who fought with him for a century and who exactly sits next to him.
Cas glances at him, hushed.
„Did what?“
„How'd you do that?“
„I just ...“, Dean mumbles nearly inapprehensible words as if his was too thick for his mouth. „I just thought ...“
„And … do you want to have sex with me? Because I'll tell you, you don't have to ask, I want the full package, if you want that too.“ And he swallows noticeably.
Cas is sure this would have looked primal, animalistic, brute and simple to him if he would have witnessed it over fifteen years ago. Then he started to adore what two persons draws so close together. What binds two persons. The chemical and emotional process of attraction, love, lust. He rests his head against Deans neck and to him it just feels perfect as he presses against him, then slowly in him. Cas warm breath distracts Dean from the uneasy pain and tight feeling. They rest, he relaxes and concentrates on his breathing. Breathes in, breathes out, until it feels easier and as if Cas noticed he goes on and pushes in him slowly while lifting one of Deans legs a bit.
As Dean looks down at Cas, he states disappointed „You should have done something for you too. Let me ...“
Dean falters and looks at him. „Like I said earlier. You can have everything.“
„So ...“ he says. „Cinema?“ asks Cas and Dean nods again. „Would you mind?“
„No, as in agreements and rules. Well .. new rules. Or different rules. I don't know that yet.“
„Well, I don't.“ Dean turns his back on him, sounding tired. „Whenever you left, man, you disappeared on me for days or weeks.“
„Shit“ he says and drops a wrench. „How much time passed anyway?“ He looks at the clock, Cas is gone for 3 hours now.
„Nah.“ Sam shakes his head. „Nah, not really. I always knew it, that you are into cocks too. I just thought you would never muster up enough courage. But if … I hoped it would be for Cas. Sometimes it was very obvious that he would jump into the fire for you. Something would be wrong with life if it wasn't for him. Or with him.“
With much ado Sam could persuade Dean to wait another day and think this through.  They discussed, that it's likely that the Nothingness is something different, because they knew, that it only goes after angels and demons, not humans. What does it want with grieving, sick or guilt-driven humans? Dean said it doesn't mattered to him, it's the best lead, he has a good feeling about that and so on. He seemed to be hyped and immediately remembered Billie threatening them to throw them in the Empty. „So humans can be there. They don't get there easily.“ For Sam it all sounded wrong.
First it appears cruel to let Dean behind. But then it's not Dean anymore. It's his vessel.
Cas looks at him softly, shrugs, smiles undefinably. „Angel qualities.“
„All of it.“
Dean tried to imagine what he would find there and what he would say if he finds Cas. Or worst case the Shadow. Or … what if he finds nothing? What if it would just put him to sleep or he dies right away? His conscience tells him, he should discuss this with Sam. But there is a chance he wouldn't let him go if he brought any doubts to the table. But next to doubts, there is just expectation. His mind is completely occupied by the idea to see Cas again, to fix it, to bring him home. Like an overpowered machine, he sure cannot rest this night. His knees are twitching, he nearly cannot sit stil, is it morning already? A knock at the door frame and he sits straight and faces Eileen.
„And that means? Did they ... overwrite you or something?“ He still sounds a bit colder than he intended to. Still waiting for the footnote.
„I didn't grill it – I will charge it again. After you tell me what's wrong.“
„You give me what I want? Just like that?“
Cas looks out of the window, thinking as the landscape passes fast. “I think so. You left a number, maybe that's all that needs to be done!?“
„No … I … like it. But ...“
„So you really had sex!?“ Eileen exclaims, giggles and Cas and Sam in the corridor frown and don't dare to look at each other. Until Cas asks him why he wasn't saying anything about college.
„Yes.“ Finally he looks at Cas. Worrying, frowning, disbelieving, gazing without even blinking like that night in the barn. „You think you don't deserve to be saved“ suddenly echoed in Deans head and he imagines himself younger - Cas, younger too. However that happened. And he had to look away as if the fact of over ten years of existing next to each other without opening up was a burden Dean had to shoulder alone. And it was heavy on him.
„Did he tell you where he is going or did he just … .“
He closes his eyes, in Deans embrace, listening to his heart, still throbbing faster.
„Not good?“ Dean asks surprised and worried.
„Is it ok if I undress you?“ Dean says and swallows noticeably.
Dean sleeps, Cas rests. They get up. They look at each other, kiss, sleep with each other, repeat. It's like they fell in a loophole, intoxicated and hidden from the world. As they fuck and fuck again, Dean sometimes goes back to reality in between, checks the time and asks himself if Sam is already back. Wouldn't that be awkward - he for sure would hear them in the corridor. What day is it even? Doesn't matter.
„Yeah … that's it. I really believe she's the one you know. It's working out. You two?“
„Dean?“ Cas appeared behind him in the doorframe.
Dean was somehow proud of him and the look on Cas' face was a priceless display of modest, pride and happiness as the chair was pieced together and finally really looked like what it's destined to be. Dean was joking, that Cas could make themselves two of that sort, they would need them on their porch if they were as old as Vincent and made the old man laugh. It amazed him to see how fast Cas seemed to adapt to this new life. A domestic life. Work life. He seemed to be busy every day as long as Dean was working and always there, when he came home.
It's feeling less and less unnatural. Dean asks whispering if it feels ok?
„He what?“ Sam frowns, his voice higher than he intended to.
And he suddenly understands better what troubled Cas. Imagining the concernced looking, taciturn, reliable, stiff Cas from before is now surreal. Cas in his trench. Cas in a fight. Cas next to him. Cas that day in the barn. Cas after his adventure as god. Cas who decided to let Lucifer in. Cas who died and came back. Cas who lost his son and tried to talk to Dean. For years and years, knowing what he felt and dealing with it on his own. He looks different. He is still Cas, but without his trench and after being intimate, something changed. It was was still Cas and yet as if there was someone else sitting in front of him. For the first time he really understood
Dean gives him a serious look.
„No stop. Forget it. I'm stupid. We wanted to go slow.“ And Dean hates himself for relapsing to rushing forward. But much to his surprise Cas smiles and eyes him.
„Oh God“ he thinks, „what if he was already in love with me there“. All the thoughts of sleepless, drunken midnights are crawling back to him. It's the best-of of all his failures when it comes to Cas.
Cas hesitates, swallows frowning, looks to Dean and slowly says „I'm not sure after what I heard just right now.“
„Woah“ escapes Deans mouth as he sees Cas going on to his knees.
„See, there aren't many cases. This is the first in about three months. And it's maybe not even a case. We're just checking because we have nothing to do and it sounds strange. Case-ish. If it's staying like this, we maybe have to look for a regular job. Have you ever asked yourself how you want to go on with your life?“ Deans facial expression isn't giving anything away. „And you with Cas, I mean, are you going to be hunter husbands? How's it going to be? Maybe you should take the time to think about that, too.“
He strokes firmly over his throat, chest, abs. Slowly Dean understands. Cas took all away that usually arouses and comforts him. Cas blue eyes, his voice, their eyefucking, the sight of Cas. But his motions and strokes feels priceless, firm, yet good.
„Then … an offer?“
„Angel radio too?“
He wants to pleasure Cas. He wants to make up for how he treated him. How natural all his sacrifices, actions and even presence was to him.
Cas hesitates and whispers even closer to his ear „Next time I'd like to be the one to … you know.“ Dean falters and looks a bit impressed as well as overwhelmed. He smacks his lips and thinks to himself he won't give him that so easily.
That he prayed, how desperate he felt. He kept for himself how he thrashed the door of the diner.
It takes some time till they can talk as if nothing happened. After they decided for a movie, they stood bored between other couples, that are arguing which film to watch, getting popcorn, standing in line, again with other couples. Dean looks around them and then to Cas.
Cas looks deeply concetrated as his thumbs run over Deans nipples, and as Deans cock is hard and looks even longer and bigger under the warm water he observes him, saying „You are … you're something. Today.“
On the forecourt of the grocery store was some kind of farmer's market with lots of handcrafted goods. Vases, baskets, soap, dishes, even a carpenter put some tables and chairs to display. Cas asks the old man and his wife if it wasn't too hard to bring all the furniture here to which the old man responds that it's not such a big deal, his workshop is behind the area.
It overwhelms him, he cannot fathom anymore if they are still two or already one or something in between. No sound escapes Cas. Just the skin on skin, jerking and breathing in effort. He wishes he could see Cas' face. He imagines it instead like he saw him yesterday, mouth opened a bit, his lips, his eyes closed and suddenly starts shivering. „I'm going to come.“ And then Cas finally moans and he feels his body close to him, shivers as if electricity flows through him.
„Yeah I can manage that.“ said Dean dryly.
„Wanna join? We probably have a case.“ asks Sam.
„How much time passed for you?“
Like an echo Dean hears himself say „Why does this sound like a goodbye?“ and sees the room that night.
Suddenly he feels a twitch, a pinch in his chest. He tastes something on his lips, something familiar. Someone familiar. He remembers how it felt last night, to have his arms wrapped around Dean. His warm skin, his eyes and how they finally saw Cas, how his chest lowered and raised while he was peacefully sleeping.
„But?“
„No.“
„What?“
Cas gives him a soft smile and waves with the book. It's like something melts in Dean when he smiles like that.
At once he regrets his choice of words. Nevertheless it ignites something.
„I don't know, Dean, I …“ his voice breaks. „I hope.“
They walk out of the movie theatre and everything just feels so casually and normal. A normal couple that is even recognized as one. Cas walks in front of him to the impala while Dean observes his movements. He thinks about last night. How much he underestimated him. His strength. His arms around him, his grip on his skin. Surprisingly less changed now that he shares kisses and bed with a men. Why was he so hesitant before? Cas, the impala, a date night.
„I never really thought about that. I will never get to know your true form, hm?“
Such a simple sentence, with such a bitter weight.
„Seriously Cas, you cannot go hiking like that“ says Sam.
Vincent came over and said „He's a fast learner!“
„Look, Cas, I see the look on your face and somehow think that's the end. Or else you wouldn't be this nervous. But if you want to, I can go see a doctor.“
„No, I bought it … I don't know when. Are you not nervous?“ while reaching for Cas entrance, caressing him there. Cas licks his lips, a bit embarassed. Deans touch is a taste of what's going to happen. He lays on Dean, belly on belly, feels Deans hard cock. „Well, now I am.“
„Yeah, but it appears it was first the name of the protagonist of this book. Charles Dickens wrote it.“
Cas slides carefully and slowly deeper into him.
„We are already naked. Do whatever you want. If you have to moan, moan. If you're gonna come, do it. I want you. I want you to want me. To do whatever you want. With me.“
„'That'?“
He has no idea where to put his hands. When to kiss him. But until now nothing seems to be wrong.
Dean just looks at him, tired and desperate. His stomach tickles, his chest seems to be on fire. He licks his lips and before he can start thinking, he rushes forward to Cas, presses him against the wall, cradles his face in his hands and kisses him. Just a short kiss. Then lets go of him, looks Cas straight in the eyes, breath trembling, tears already welling up. It's as if something pierces through Cas. For the first time ever he understands what people say in movies when they believe their knees are getting weak, even if he feels the cool and steady wall of the bunker at his back.
Eileen squats next to Sam, raises her eyebrows and signs „Sure?“
„You … as a human, you had sex, right?“
Dean breaks, his chin and lower lip are trembling and tears start rolling over his cheeks.
He puts a finger at it, slowly and carefully moves in. Dean doesn't enjoy it, but also doesn't dislike it.
„I am. I feel
„For what … love? Or gay sex or … what exactly?“
„Seriously!?“ Dean exclaims. „It felt like … hours. But not thirteen days … .“ And looks to Cas. The feeling that they are not done here lays like a stone on his chest, slows him, drags him to a dark place. Cas expression, frowning, overwhelmed, desperate? In his mind Dean tells himself to be patient, tells himself that this is difficult and not to expect perfect movie moments, be there is also the burning need, a solitary thought „Just give me something, man“. While Sam and Bobby are rushing to them, hugging them and Deans eyes just rest on Cas.
„Do you see that person over there?“
Dean closes his eyes, whispers „Please, I swear I'm not afraid of being whatever. Of relabeling. Gay, bi, whatever. I'm not afraid of letting him near me, ok? I'm … it doesn't matter to me anymore. Everything. I just want him back. Just one more chance. Please, dammit.“
„Oh ...“ His chest, throat and face is burning red with embarassment and then with arousal. He closes his eyes and just feels Cas warm flesh, tight around his cock. While Cas starts moving on top of him, Dean looses the ability to think. He just notices scenes, moments, motions. Cas fierce blue eyes on him, their breathing, a „fuck yes, Cas“ escapes his mouth unwillingly. While seeing Cas ride on top of him, his muscles working and moving rhythmically, he imagines him with his wings. Not daring to ask him to show them for real and feels the heat in him rising.
„Yeah, we have something to celebrate. Remember?“
Missing a puzzle piece  - that's how he still feels and it gnaws at him. He couldn't leave – not after everything that happened just moments ago, but he missed so much. „Reality, fine. But ...“
Hammered, Cas collapses on Dean, who slings his arms around him, both still breathing and trembling. And after some breathless minutes, Dean whispers „I'm really glad you sneaked around in my laptop and watched my porn.“ He laughs, draws Cas close, who gently rests his head on Deans collarbone and embraces him. With closed eyes and in deep relaxation, Dean inhales Cas peculiar scent of fresh air.
„Don't you like it?“ he whispers in his ear. „Should I stop?“
. There were no smells, no sensations, just images. Maybe because the Shadow does not perceive as humans do or as he does. Like an old polaroid, somehow nostalgic, artificially beautiful, but not tasting right. Exactly as life felt before he met Dean. And Sam and Jack. Living from order to order.
Dean checks for a last time his bag. Besides he has his phone, knife and a gun directly on him. Dean looks over his shoulder and sees Sam and Eileen disappear through the door. In an attempt to say what he couldn't say, Sam raises his hand and Dean just nods and understands. As the door screeches and shuts with a heavy sound, that appears eerily final, he inhales, rubs his hands and then squats to the ground, gently puts the jacket in front of him.
Even if Cas was very accustomed to living with humans and appearing human, he was glad that this side of Cas never faded.
„A what? No. Really?“ asks Sam surprised. Dean laughs and his soft smile tells Sam a lot.
And he turns and draws Cas in a kiss, erasing his annoyed look. There are no words to describe how relieved Dean is, his action replace words. His hands are running over Cas body, under his dark coat, gripping his sweater and he tries to get to his naked skin. He for sure is warmer than before. Maybe he's a walking motor, a walking power source now. If he would have gotten his hands on him ten years earlier he may would already know. One hand gets till his nipple, pinches it.
Cas gaze is somewhere between mesmerized and insecure.
It's easier to hide in an embrace again and he whispers in Cas ear „I love you. I love you. I love you so damn much. I … I always thought that there is something between us. But I … fuck … I ... It's been over a decade. We lost so much time, man. Why couldn't I ...“
. Dean swallows and repeats his name once more. He touches his face – he is not cold. Not like a dead body. But he senses no pulse.
Cas hesitates, frowning. „Do you really want that? Because I don't want to hit you.“
Blasphemy - just to think this? Is it disloyal?
„Yeah, I thought, maybe it's all just an illusion. And that … that hit me. And then when you told me and when I realized it was real all the time I … it was too late. You were gone.“
Cas looks to him with a questioning look. „Because of the Empty?“
As he takes Cas cock in his mouth and sucks, a single moan escapes Cas. This feels as if he is losing control, his body is running from naught to sixty, hot and aroused. The sound of Dean sucking and his moaning seems to be loud, lewd, sudden. Dean gets faster and faster and does himself, too. They don't last long and even if Cas announces, Dean simply lets him cum in his mouth, not able to come up with any other ideas in the heat of the moment. After Cas stopped trembling and moaning, he draws away and wipes a drop from his mouth.
As Dean prepares breakfast, Cas wents to their room and finds his trenchcoat. He puts it in the washing machine, already full and turns it on. As he sees the lump of clothing entangled in other laundry, speeding up, not distinguishable anymore through the bulls eye he gets a heavy feeling in his chest. Maybe because the trenchcoat is a token of a life that, what? Ended? Did it
„What?“ he asks.
Dean looked at him and his eyes seemed dark, he was beaten, down.
That look. This choice of words. Priceless. Dean laughs.
It's served: eggs and bacon. Burger. Pancakes. Pasta. Vegetables splices with cream cheese. And so much more. It was fun to watch for Dean. Observing how hesitantly and carefully Cas puts small bits of food in his mouth while Dean devoured it as if he wasn't eating for days. It was very soon very clear, that the less food is processed, the less it tasted of molecules, because Cas found himself eating raw carrots and other vegetable slices and some fruit. Dean made some fun about that and said that if Cas turns out to be a clean eater, they would have their first banter as a couple. To which Cas responded, that they already had their share of banters.
He had no idea, that the happiness he felt that day during his confession could even increase.
„But you know what's the catch, right?“ Sam was even more frowning.
Cas chuckles and Dean gets high on seeing him relaxed and happy. Laughing while looking shyly away. "Teenager right before their first time", thinks Dean, how nice, just that I had to wait until I'm over fourty to feel like this again.
Please don't get the impression, that were finished here. ;) Because obviously Dean isn't good at grieving (is anyone?)
„Well?“ Cas asks.
„What's wrong, Dean?“
„Oh how nice. You think this is a drive-in or what? Oh you funny apes.“ The shadow starts to laugh like an endboss who still has a card on his sleeve. „Okay“, it says, „here you got him. Let's see what you do now.“
It took him a while to identify this as love.
BTW: As you may notice in this or the next chapter I have absolutely no idea of carpentry. ^^
„When you're close. Close to … you know. And when you don't like something. And I can smell if you are getting aroused.“
He feels Cas gripping his hips, butt cheeks and hears their weight shifting on the mattress.
All the dreams he had in the Empty seem far away. Dreams of his whole life. But mostly dreams of the last twelve years. Everything before faded to a grey mass, every century like the one before. And then there was the order. Dean. Sam. Truths. Trust. Disobeying. Questioning. Family. Jack. There was so much. And here they are.
They haven't been talking about Cas for a while.
„Hiking“ he nods.
Apparently the Empty was like its name: everything and nothing. It stayed like this for a while. If Dean became too frustrated to go on researching, he did some maintenance on the cars in the bunkers garage or Sam found them a case. He was too easily slipping back to bad habits and grief crept it's way again through the crumbled facade that once has been Dean Winchester. His silence stayed. Then one day Eileen came home. Over the last weeks she stayed more and more with the two of them after Sam carefully checked with Dean if that would be okay and he said something like „don't hesitate to live a life“ and „you earned it“.
Dean is humming while preparing pancakes, Bobby already is up and suggests he's selflessly going to get rid of the first bunch, that didn't came out as well as Dean intended to. Cas joins them and just observes the general mood. Sam and Eileen join them too, hearing Dean humming and joking around. Sam greets him with „Well, you're in a good mood, huh? I wonder why.“
Hiding is difficult and at the same evening Cas wanted to talk to him, Dean asks first. „Someone dimmed the light around you. What's wrong?“
This hits. The arousing tingle in his stomach, starts to feel like needles to Dean. „And I was too scared to test it. I guess that's one of the selfish things I did just for me. I protected myself.“ Something in Dean melts hearing Cas say this and the words are coming surprisingly easily to him.
„What kind of ... lovers are we?“
„What do you want me to do?“ asks Cas and Dean makes them switch positions. Cas on his back, he over him, kissing him, his mouth first. Then his chest, belly, close to his hard cock, thinking „this is for another time“ and then gets up and carefully and slowly enters him. He hears Cas exhale and asks if he is okay, before he pushes further and further. Cas murmurs, closes his eyes. It's uncomfortably tight first, he stops, one hand running over Cas chest, up to his face, he opens his eyes, some blue piercing right through Dean.
„It could have went differently.“
„No?“
„No, it's awful, that you carried that with you all the time. You should have talked to me.“
„A shame.“ says Dean dryly. Cas sight sticks to Deans shorts with a noticeable bulge, he is already hard while Cas was trying to repress himself. But there is a heat in his body, the vessel that became his body. A sensation he never felt this intense and surely wouldn't be able to repress for long anymore. It seems to overflow as he hears the sound of Dean unbuckling his belt, it all getting real, he himself unbuckling, the two of them just in their shorts, Deans erection.
„You're a bit silent since we are back. What's on your mind?“
Ah, I guess we could have more adorably strange date-like situations with them on the show. Or we have fanfiction. That's ok too. What would you like to see (or read?) them doing at a date?
„Man, hopefully the camera is still off“ he thinks as he puts a hand directly on the dried, dark handprint on the jacket and mumbles „Please, just work. And I swear I'll take care of the rest.“ He was never holding Cas hand „just to hold it“. They may touched. But never with the intention to „simply“ touch each other. As Dean lets go of the jacket, it's too present to him how much he missed and failed to attempt. His cheeks are getting warm.
Their eyes locked, he is shitty with talking about his feelings, but since they let go of doubts and nervousness, it just doesn't stop coming out. „And I still believe I don't deserve that.“
As he enters the bunker, Dean puts some groceries in the war room, stacks them in a crate to carry it to the bonfire and smiles as Cas appears. „Where are you heading? I could need some strong hands.“ And as he says „strong hands“ chuckles.
Cas sighs and sits down as Sam pats on one of the chairs and asks „How's it going? But spare me the …  details.“ Cas is hushed, tries to look everywhere but not to Sam.
Thanks for reading <3
There were pills, there was anger. He was looking at everything around him. At Cas, the house, his niece and nephew and he doesn't want it to end. Cas looks incredibly sad and he dares not to ask him, if he notices something. If it's getting better or if it's worse of the weeks and months. The pills are causing undesirable things and he doesn't feel at home in his body anymore. Sickness. He is
„Is that what we are? Boyfriends?“ asks Cas.
„You and Eileen?“
„Well, things are different now. In heaven. You will like it. I'm sure.“
Cas mumbles „You'll get yourself dirty.“
Nevertheless Dean feels more excited about what's going to happen than he would have imagined and surprisingly at ease by the prospect of sleeping with a man.
Cas hesitates, there are just about two steps left between them. He makes a step, „yes“, and whispers „I'm nervous. I don't want to do something wrong.“
Sam nods and pats Cas back. He wanted to comfort him, but he breaks himself again and Cas hugs him in his fashion to hug someone with his whole body. As Cas suspected Sam and Dean would omit the topic completely over the first weekend, they just would look muted at each other with a strange, nostalgic, sad expression at their face until Sam finally says „Are you ok?“
He stands up, puts the bag over his shoulder and fumbles a copy of the prayer out of his pocket and reads it. As the first lines of it crosses his lips, he hears his own heartbeat. Maybe today. Maybe it'll work.
„Yeah but I bother.“
„Well … some test me. Others simply don't trusted me, because I had no 'portfolio' as they call it. But now I have a portfolio and I get more orders. I'm pretty good with computers now. I … well … had time.“ And his gaze looks a bit empty while stating „had time“.
„Of course I'm right! Man, it was sooo good and I'm feeling so old right now.“ Cas laughs as Dean rolls over, calves still twitching and exclaiming.
Dean sighs, he knew they would be talking. He was just hoping he could sit it out until tomorrow or Cas would forget. Especially after their intermezzo. But of course not. As Dean doesn't say anything, Cas goes on „You should know Jack better and most of all you should know me better.“
When he had a day off, he visited Cas at Vincents and was amazed to see how he was working at a rocking chair under the instruction of the old man. It was commissioned and Cas was doing well seemingly. As he was planing some wood, Dean observed him, his deeply focused look, his strong arms and careful movements. Dean was sitting in reverse on a chair in Vincents workshop and felt like he could watch him for ages.
At first Cas doesn't understand - what would he need? But then he found some books, a radio with tape deck to listen to Deans mixtape as well as some clothes from the stash, that felt nice. With hesitation he hung the trenchcoat on the coat hook near his bed. It felt odd to see it there. As if he was putting a whole life away. Jimmys life!? He felt like he owed it to him to keep it as a token even if it isn't Jimmys trenchcoat anymore. The original one was ripped to pieces a long time ago. But would it really need a trenchcoat to commemorate Jimmys sacrifice? For the first time after over ten years he felt sincere peace and belief that the best he could do is to remember and simply to live to celebrate all that has been given to him. Including Jimmys sacrifice.
Seeing the both standing so close to each other gives them a small hint at what was happening before they arrived. While Dean made a comical „Aw, cat's out“-face and gesture, Cas wipes with his palm over his face in an attempt to hide that he is blushing. He goes away, changes suddenly the direction, looks awfully confused and embarrassed while Dean enjoys the show amusedly.
„You two make a good team, huh?“
„I cannot pay, but it will be nice to have some younger and stronger hands once in a while in the workshop. And if you're so enthusiastic … maybe you want to learn?“
„Well ...“
Eileen smiles and nods. „You are very determined.“
Cas smiles at him, carresses his loins and brushes through his short hair, while he slowy shakes his head „No.“ It's as if they are now empty from talking this whole day.
„So … forever, Dean?“
„But I … have no experience with men.“ he says and Deans hears how nervous he is, his voice more rough than usual.
The door closes behind him with the familiar sound and Cas thoughts are just spinning. What happened to Jack? To Chuck? Did something changed Deans mind? Was it always like this? How much time has passed? Is this real? And if so, where does this leave him? Deans words, his gaze, the taste of his lips linger in a corner of Cas' brain. He is too aware of the heartbeat in his chest, his weak knees, his tingling stomach.
„Yes. No. I don't know.“ says Cas.
Dean suggests a date night and asks him if he would like to go to the cinema together after they tidied the kitchen to which Cas face lightens. They may have a lot of leftovers, but Sam would be pissed if they come home and find an empty fridge, so they decided to go to the supermarket first. Cas in a supermarket was a sight. Dean observed him how he took some apples and smelled  them with pleasure, slightly smiling. An older man observed Cas too and told him aggressively he should better buy the apple now.
„...I“
Cas gives him an uneasy, worried look.
„I'm good. But yes … it … it was much.“
„That's awful.“
„Yeah, studying is the long term plan, but for that you need money. So until then I do some research for scholarships or programs. Worst case scenario is working till I got the money.“
As soon as Cas made the step forward, Deans heart jumped. He rushes towards Cas and embraces him. Gently runs his fingers through his air, noticing the burnt smell of the bonfire over Cas scent. He nuzzles in his throat and hair and smells as if he is gasping for air after emerging from deep water and nearly drowning.
Dean goes on eating, dipping his fork agitated in the pasta while he holds Cas hand.
„Why would I do that?“ Cas squints.
Both fall against each other and grip one another tight. It's like time stops, the only sound in the room are their fast breaths and moans.
„You want to be left alone. At least that's what people say. I can give you full control over what's happening here. Close it up for you. With you inside. No summoning you anymore, no angels, no demons. And I take the ones that are here. It won't bother you anymore. But … I believe that's not really it, isn't it?“
Sam starts telling Dean that he went on with building a network between hunters and Jody, Donna and Bobby are telling some stories too. Contrary to the news Dean gets worried, saying „Maybe this is just the quiet before the storm.“
Silence stretches and reality slowly arrives till Cas concludes „But it's nice to know you have a home and someone you return to from whatever you are doing.“ He looks to Dean with certainty and a soft smile.
„Thirteen days.“
„What?“ asks Dean.
„It goes here right?“ he asks, but Dean hastily takes his hand and the ring and slowly and gently puts it on Cas ring finger.
Dean just notices something bright, Cas 'eyes closed, mouth opened in a hushed moan.
. And stupid. How could he think that Sam didn't notice anything. Especially if he was drinking like this.
„You have no idea about how … how hard it is. How much of yourself you give up. How much power fear has over you. Even if you notice. Even if you say you'll be your better self today. Or do you? No? What do you know about the pain!?“ he asks.
Dean smirks, „That's not my style.“ He frowns and laughs, but the idea lights something in him. And as he looks down on the table, the glass of water in his hand, he smiles a smile, not for him, neither for Eileen, nor Sam, but for someone who isn't present.
"Yeah, ditto."
And he feels that Cas positions behind him and thinks „So that's how you want it.“
Cas frowns and shakes his head. „No Dean, I'm not afraid of you.“
„Well – it's hard for Dean I think. He only knows the hunter life. Jobs, money, this new reality will hit him like a brick wall. It already did, you noticed?“
Dean leans back, looks away and rubs his eyes. „I don't know what you're talking about.“
I'm not crying. ;_; Something got in my eye ...
„By the way … how much money do you earn?“
„I'm not sure if I can see it that way. I identified with my non-male vessels as well. I just … am accustomed to it. Suddenly I couldn't imagine having another appearance. Why are you asking? Is it bothering you, that we don't put on display that we are a couple? Is it bothering you that I have a male vessel? Because I thought for a long time that you mind. Me having a male appearance.“
Sam just wheezes and hugs him, whispering „Do it right this time“. Eileen too hugs him goodbye.
„I'm not ready for this talk, okay?“ His voice is coarse, he doesn't sound like himself.
„No no no.“ he mumbles, but helplessly lets it play, knowing that it is too less.
Cas is completely opposite. He got the impression that he is safe now, that nothing is embarassing and everything okay since Dean did that for him.
Cas touches Deans bizeps, grips him comfortably tight. Compared to their first kisses in the impala, it seemed like the both of them were playing the same tune now, share the same rhythm.
Cas looks down at his trenchcoat, wanted to say „But I feel comfortable in this“, but then gets second thoughts. „Maybe you're right.“
„The obvious thing.“ Dean sips his water and avoids her gaze. It's still unusual to him to talk about it. To name what he wants so desperately.
„I said 'Say your goodbyes NOW'“ the Shadow shouts. „Or leave
Cas waits for him to answer, giving him one of these „You can tell me anything“ looks. These „I'll understand you“ looks. „No, I know that feeling. That's what I did, too. For a while.“
For a moment they just look at each other in silent understanding until Cas says. „Thank you, Sam.“
„It was super okay.“ Dean responds frowning and looking around to check if they are allone.
Just in measuring love he failed. He sensed a sentiment Dean had for him. And as Dean explained it as Castiel being his best friend or like a brother or simply family, Cas though that it sums up. The aura or whatever felt similar to how Dean felt for Sam. But it wasn't the same. Often Cas thought he knew of which shade this sentiment is, but when he observed Dean looking for a companion, flirtations with waitresses or similar flings, it felt different. Now he was pretty sure what Dean felt for him. The sentiment was stronger, like it started blooming to the fullest. What surrounded Dean, when he looked at Cas (in bed, during arguing, before, now) always was of this shade. They could have it. It would just have taken more courage.
Dean noticed that he is too rough on some days. He wouldn't pay much attention to what Cas tells him and has not much patience. Too often he moves away and does anything even if he knows that Cas was waiting for him. And he always regrets it. And Cas rarely makes fuss about it. He may makes a dry remark now and then, that hit home. And sooner or later Dean would meet him, apologizing or just looking like a little boy that did bad. They tell each other every day that they love each other. They wouldn't make the mistake again to say it too less. Or let a single day pass in which it was left unspoken. Even if they had a bigger fight, they wouldn't miss giving each other this much. And in these moments Deans feels that he is working towards something. And he already has a lot more than he ever imagined.
„No no no, don't get me wrong.“ And he snatches him, draws him close and presses a kiss at his cheek, than his mouth. „It was good, it was better than I thought it would be. Stop looking so worried.“ And Cas sighs noticeably, relieved.
After Eileen got up, the four of them exchange plans for the day at the kitchen table. Everyone seems to be sure that it's still time for vacation and the serious life planning can wait. Cas frowns a bit looking to Sam, knowing that he already is a step ahead and wondering why he isn't saying anything. Sam and Eileen announce that they will go city hopping by train and will be away for at least four days, maybe even longer.
„That won't bring him back.“
With every motion Cas hard cock moves, up and down, slick with precum. On edge, boiling, Dean starts jolting in Cas, who moans loud with every move as they come, first Cas, then Dean.
„You again. You're in charge now, right?“
His skin prickles where Cas touches him and where he feels his breath.
The sight of Cas on him overwhelms Dean. Mouth opened just a bit, moaning, smacking his lips, riding up and down, his chest and stomach raising and lowering under heavy breathing. How often did he have him? Watched him? Made him come? He wants him even more with every time. Exhausted and aroused they are not really capable to talk much in between nor meanwhile next to a bit dirty talk, „I love you“ or „I want you“.
Dean feels silly, says to himself „just relax now, come on.“
Yesterday at the bonfire he said he needs to look for Eileen, be careful, not loose her again. But then on the other hand hunting with her was fun and sexy. Then again Eileen would go on with her education and be a lawyer some day. He on the other hand was even declared dead. There is no Sam Winchester anymore. And no Dean. Lots to figure out.
Dean stops, some twigs cracking under his feed. Silence stretches between them. He sits on a fallen tree and takes a thermos from his bag. Cas sits next to him, worried that the talk about „forever“ was too much, too soon.
Lying on the bed, Eileen looks at Sam and notices his tense, grinding jaw, eyes fixed to the ceiling. She propped herself on her arm and can't shake the thought, that he seemed to be aged by 10 years after the talk about the spell and the Nothingness or the Empty or whatever. She could tell, that he asks himself how they got into this mess.
„They say it's gone.“
(See the end of the chapter for
The familiar surrounding helps, but he also remembers how often he entered the room. With more questions than answers, either of them left unspoken. Overflowing with anticipation, but leaving somehow glum. Trying to hide all that's happening inside him carefully. How will they leave this room tonight or tomorrow? Embarassed, happy, unsatisfied, regretting? Just as he told himself to think of something else, to find back to a more positive attitude, to remember how vulnerable Dean appeared, how beautiful, how loving and tender his touch, then suddenly Dean suggests „I know a game. Let's play it.“ And distracts him successfully.
„But I didn't.“
After a minute Dean turns away and gathers himself. He inhales, grits his teeth and wipes the tears away. He blushes and admits he's embarrassed as he awkwardly sniffles in an attempt to find back to himself. Sam tells him to sit down and talk and surprisingly he does. Maybe being too exhausted and hung-over finally does something useful, thinks Sam and listens. Dean already told him about Cas sacrifice and that he summoned the empty, but left the details out. Happiness, confession, „You changed me“ and „because it is“.
„And you think it can be fixed if I see a doctor?“
„Shiiit, Cas. What the fuck.“
„What would you do? If you would live? If you would have messed up epicly. Like I did. If you are so all-knowingly? Hm?“
„Yeah, that's what I want.“ whispers Dean.
„What do you mean?“
In fresh clothes, Dean with a coffee mug in his hand they leave the bunker and just sit. The sun throws soft shadows on the ground and sunbeams appear between the trees around the bunker. Cas grabbed some knitted, dark sweater of Deans closet and a coat, not knowing if it belongs to anyone. They don't talk much, even if they have thousand questions, that appear to ruin the moment. And after a while Deans rumbling stomach breaks the silence. Cas looks at him and just sees him shrug comically.
Cas just looks at him in a way Dean cannot fathom, nor interpret: nearly expressionless and with a small hint of a soft smile.
The new normal stays after they arrived at the bunker, put the groceries at their designated place and Dean invades Cas room, looks what he assembled.
„I'll be there.“
„Good“, he thinks.
„You know … nothing has to happen, if you don't want it.“ whispers Dean, while both are looking at the ceiling, then glancing over to Cas.
He digs through his bedside table and finds some massage oil which has to do instead of lubricant.
I'd be happy to read in the comment section how you like the story so far or talk to you about SPN in general. Months after seeing the show finale I'm still far from being over it ...
„Yeah it is.“
He gives him a surprised look, asking doubtfully „Yes?“
Images are flashing through his mind. Like a slideshow of their own highs and lows. How Cas says to him „You don't think you deserve to be saved!?“ With this gaze of his - as if he could see right through him. Dean remembers and it feels as if something pierces his chest. Like that day, when the phone rang after Cas was offed by Lucifer and came back and called. Or whenever Cas name appeared on the screen. He sees him standing there next to the freakin' phone booth, alive. How often did he die for him? And he remembers the day Cas told him he loved him. And the moment he didn't prevent him from leaving the bunker. And the moment he lost him again and again.
„You know I could simply shove you aside?“ Cas whispers.
To have Dean, to be so close, to feel their damp sweaty skin on each other, appears to him as pure bliss. To have what you believed would never have. This is not a virtue. But it feels too good to deny it.
As they sit in the dark of the cinema he asks himself if he should go for the oldschool moves and lay an arm around Cas. That's too stupid. He's a fighting angel soldier being, wouldn't that be awkward? Just as Dean sillily wavers where to put his arm, Cas turns to him, looks questioningly, then just takes Deans palm and they hold hands.
„You? Was I … did I do something strange?“
Cas hesitates, looks somehow melancholic to Dean, then walks one step forward, but says „I can only experience it in a vessel. Maybe you should know that.“
He makes a step and as he opens his eyes, he is greeted with white, familar corridors and light. So much light.
„Something is wrong.“
As he turns, he sees Cas in his trench, looking at him with a soft smile. They both are looking as young as they were that day in the barn when they first met.
„Yes, I did. And I want it. I want to do it with you.“
„Seems to me like you rather become an alcoholic until you are ready for the talk. What do you think is more troublesome?“
„But it wasn't working. And there are still so many voices here for those who are capable to listen. I notice … it really is … hard. I couldn't sleep here. But well … I don't need to sleep at all.“ And he looks around him. „I'd like to make a deal.“
They taste the frenzy as long as it's there. He would have never thought that Cas could be so passionate. He rides on Deans lap, Dean deep inside him and still trying to move in deeper, jolting with his hips even more and causing Cas to exclaim and moan. Most of the things they done, they done the first time together and the beginning was always a bit awkward, but they didn't even comment. Too much in a frenzy they didn't talk much. Just their eyes were still locked at each other with lust and love instead of regret or shame. They saw all of each other even if it sometimes felt surreal comparing to where they've been just days before were it sometimes seems too much to even stand the other mans gaze.
They agree on Sam showing him the clothes stash and Dean and Eileen on getting the kitchen ready. They can still hear them and how Eileen asks Dean about how's it going with Cas and Dean responding „A gentleman enjoys and keeps silent.“
To which Deans grins, takes another sip from his coffee and offers Cas the thermos who shakes his head.
He turns and looks at Cas, both looking sad in a way that cannot be measured. Then Dean shrugs and laughs with a certain desperate undertone. „I just thought we had a bit more time.“ As his voice breaks, Cas rushes to him and embraces him while saying „I'll be there. Whatever happens I'll be with you.“ They stand there for a while and don't talk much neither that evening, nor the next day.
For over a month, nothing. They looked for everything and didn't found the smallest hint. They searched for the Empty, the Shadow, dark goo, but just found massive articles about ectoplasm, lots of fiction and even more red herrings. They even found a fan fiction for the novel „Supernatural“ Chuck wrote, that contained mentions of „a shadow“ by chance. But it was something completely different. At least Dean was holding up and doing better. Having a goal  usually worked for him. He tried to stick to drinking everything but alcohol but much to Sams surprise he was unsually silent. Not complaining about all the reading, the dust on book covers, the false leads.
„Look …“ Dean goes on, „if you are not hurt, unwell, feel like I'm taking advantage of you … if you liked it, just enjoy it. I do. It's okay. It took us a while to get here. Who judges us?“ Dean leans over him, face over face. „I'd like to believe we deserved that.“
Dean says „Hey!“ and makes the stranger flinch again. „If you ever get into trouble … call this number“ and writes one of his and Sammys shared hunter mobile numbers on a napkin and hands it over.
He went to Cas' room, found him there laying on the bed. Back to bed-head, reading some fat phone book sized novel again. Cas is still wearing his button-down-shirt, tie and pants. Only got rid of the trenchcoat and shoes, but still looks more relaxed than yesterday.
„Dean, first, you wouldn't have been anybodys joke. Not mine, not that of our familys. Maybe the 21st century didn't arrived in every corner of the world yet, but to us … I mean really? Labels don't matter in love. You don't judge others. Why do you judge yourself? And next thing. Do you remember what Chuck said that night in the bunker, after he absorbed Amara?“
He imagines other things. He remembers driving around with Cas on the passenger seat, asking questions about family and life, frowning about some popculture stuff. He remembers the two of them from last night. His taste. How he felt.
Dean looks at him and slowly recovers his countenance, nods and sighs.
On the ground he sees Deans jacket with his handprint, dried. „So it's not just minutes that I'm gone.“ he thinks to himself and looks at Dean, who observes him, a bit out of breath from the shock and being ripped from one reality to another again. He notices the shift in Cas face while realizing where exactly they are.
Thank you so much for your feedback on the last chapter - it was really motivating and I'm so happy to read your thoughts! Especially on chapter 5, because I developed some doubts about it.
Dean slides up and rests his head next to Cas', so that their eyes meet. He intertwines his legs in Cas. „I won't lie, I like it better when you let me fuck you.“ He says. Then his scam breaks and he has to laugh. Cas doesn't understand and looks puzzled, slightly smiling. „What? Was it bad??“
„Dean, I would like not to have sexual intercourse in public. Sexual intercourse is something very intimate and private to me.“
„Do you fear he's breaking up with you?“ Sam grins. „That's cute, Dean.“
„Mind palace??“ Did he really hear him say that?
Is it just the dimmed light or are Cas' pupils looking dilated?
Bobby looks at him „Dean, look, he just came back from the dead. It's much to take. I believe you know!?“
His family. He never felt this happy in his life. It was true bliss. The mood, the happy faces, the talking, happy-go-lucky laughing without any danger or life-threatining crisis on the horizon.
This time he slept hours and woke up because of cramps in his calf. He stretches, looks at Cas, who slowly opens his eyes like he was miles away. Deans stomach rumbles and he is incredibly thirsty.
„Come on. Say something.“
„I don't know yet. I never thought about creating something. For me creation was always something God does.“
Dean opens his eyes, some tears are dangling on his chin. He draws away and directly looks in Cas opened, blue eyes and frowning face.
Sam stopped and looked to Cas. „Of course I am. Cas … I'm really happy you are back. And Dean and you, go for it. Be as happy as you can be. You two deserve it. And somehow I think you two can only be happy with each other around. Really.“
He obviously didn't notice how much he raised his voice.
„Dean, what's wrong? Just tell me.“
. Wanting all
„Yeah. Cannot sleep.“
What if he allows himself to be happy again and it just simply
Before I tell you how happy (or unhappy) I am with the confrontation between Dean and The Shadow, I'm eager to read what you think about it. Let me know in the comments.
„Yes?“
„Don't get me wrong, I want it. I want you.“ Cas whispers.
Dean smirked and looked around in the kitchen as if he was searching for something. His head was heavy and felt warm. As his gaze wandered aimlessly, he noticed his blurred, shaky movements and felt like he was stuck in a time-lapse. That's how drunk he was.
„We're all grown ups. This is normal. Is it … cringy for you?“
„No footnotes this time!!??“
Cas comes silently, but his body shivers heavily.
Cas would respond that he just remembered it. At that time is was just an order, another war, another intervention. Often they were sitting at the front porch, enjoying a nice summer breeze. Dean would watch some Netflix with headphones on and sip at a beer. Cas would just look at the sky and Dean knew he listens to angel radio.
There was the ticket from cinema at Cas desk. It's starting to pile up. „Life.“ Dean thought and touches the mixtape. He walks over to Cas, who reads on the bed and lays next to him. Cas glances at him, again to the book, again to Dean. In silence they smile at each other, Dean grins, Cas shyly looks down as if he couldn't stand Deans smirking too long.
„You ok?“
Cas looks at him, short pause, then „Yes.“
„Some.“ whispers Dean.
Dean graps a towel and wipes the angel cum away. „Funny“ he says, „not even sparkling or something.“ Giving Cas a goofy grin, who smiles calmly and looks intensely at him likes he's plotting something. He smacks his lips and kisses him. Dean wanted to warn him, tell him what he recently had in his mouth, but obviously Cas doesn't care. He resumes stroking Deans cock, whispering „Let me do that to you too.“
„Hell, yes.“ And after a pause he adds „Do you … wanna go meet him? Or wanna go see if heaven is in a better shape now?“ It's the sensible thing to suggest, but he doesn't feel like it. Much to his relief Cas smiles softly and shakes his head. Before Dean came, he thought about it, but simply couldn't leave. Somehow it appars selfish to him, but he needs closure and wants to hear what Dean has to say. And on the other hand nothing indicated that he is needed in heaven right now. After persuading himself, that this would be okay, he was surprisingly calm. And now he is sitting there next to a Dean, who appears much more insecure as he remembers him. An unfamiliar tingle in Cas stomach tells him how huge his urge to see where this is going really is.
„But look … that's not such a huge surprise, isn't it? I mean, if you were in his place, you would probably do the same, wouldn't you?“
„I suppose. That stuff about not getting what you want … you had no idea? I always thought you look right through me. Like you … as if you can read me.“
„Dean ...“
„They are. And they have been, because of hunters. Well, relatively safe.“ says Cas.
7 Midnight * Coldplay
„What? Why?“
„Guess you have to die about three times for that. Or so.“ Jody adds dryly.
Cas whispers „Very. I never … I never felt like this before. It was incredible.“
„Yeah I know. I have a reason to keep my shit together tonight. Or from now on.“ and he looks to Cas over the bonfires flames.
He looks around until his gaze catches the source and he freezes. Dean notices, „Everything alright?“
„You think?“ Sam seems worried and doubted that this is a good idea. To see Dean happy again or at least able to move on is maybe desirable, sending him on a suicide mission is not. Eileen saw his face and her euphoria of finding a possible hint shifted to regret.
„What is it? Is it good?“
What if the deal is still active?
„I'll bring him home.“
Dean gives him an appreciating look and gets a bit excited.
Dean claps his hands and exclaims „Yes there it is. I made an angel talk dirty.“
As if Cas understands he pulls his hand away from Dean and searches for his entrance.
Tongues get into play. They get on their knees and touch each other while getting lost of their shorts.
Dean sits down with a respectful space between them. While shyly looking at each other, he asks „How do you feel?“
„Dean?“
„A spell?“
„I wanted to kill him.“
„That's everything I need.“
„Hm? No.“
Cas shakes his head.
Sam smiles and says simply „Good. That's good, man. You deserve it. You both.“
„Please come back to me. Please please come back to me, Cas.“ He repeats it numerous times.
That it doesn't work out. Isn't it working out? He feels like he is looking from somewhere else at them and disconnects from the situation.
„Yeah. Apparently … something happened. They say.“
No he isn't. Sam threw him on his bed and left, pissed off and determined to pull an intervention.
„Promising prospects at the annual job fair“ suddenly catches his gaze while he finishes his eggs and bacon. An adverts headline in the newspaper at a table nearby.
And Cas runs embarassedly his fingers through his hair. Dean grins knowingly without commenting anything at all.
„Things worked out before. Or I wouldn't be here.“ They just smiled at each other. She was the one living, warm, loving example that it doesn't always end bad. That there aren't always horrible footnotes.
As their torsos stop shivering, they still rest on each other, arms slung around each others body.
„First you were hyped. We defeated god, the new is in his heaven and all's right with the world. Go team free will, victory. But now it hits you.“
The money Sam put aside would not even get him through a semester. He applied for scholarships, but was unsure if he would get any. Their cashing-up was not bad, but not good enough. Dean thought about buying a house somewhere. Needn't to be like a model house from „Modern living“, but at least a home with windows. But Cas and he decided to help Sam out first.
„If you weren't enjoying any of it, why didn't you tell? You know you have to tell me.“
They decided to make it happen in the room where Cas disappeared, because they already had surveillance there and would turn it on to see what's happening. Sam engaged several other hunters to have a look at it in shifts and to have backup if something extraordinary happens. Jody and Bobby were already on their way, Donna was on call. Of course Sam and Eileen took the first shift. Naturally they had no idea if anything would happen at all. Probably Dean came back after 5 minutes, probably not at all. Probably he would land where he disappeared, probably in the library, probably in Washington or Timbuktu. The uncertainty was eating Sam up.
„I just noticed how seldom you had reason to smile or laugh the last years and I feel bad. It was too less occasion to smile and I could have made it better.“
„Where did you learn that?“ asks Dean. Even of not a serious questions, he gets an answer.
He plucks at Cas shorts. Dean gives him an appreciating look and smirks offensively.
„You don't know.“ says Dean agitated, still on his knees with Cas in his arms, gently brushing through his hair. While he plots his tactic, he notices that he never been so close to Cas and his cheeks feel warm. He is pretty sure that he is currently blushing like a middle school girl. „Keep it together now“ he says to himself. „This counts now. This is probably your only chance.“
„So you are a good wingman after all.“ Dean smiles and stands up.
more than needed.
„Carpentry.“ Cas slowly takes the card while the old man goes on.
„Hm, the sex was fantastic.“ Grinning offensively.
Cas gives him a look and says stuttering „May … , should I ... what was it, that I wanted to do?“ Dean cleared his throat, giving Eileen and Sam a priceless smirk, asking „You hungry? Maybe we make dinner. How's that sound?“ grips a too obviously embarrassed Cas by his shoulder and disappears with him in one of the corridors not even waiting for the answer. Sam and Eileen exchange glances as she states dryly „So they got their shit together.“
To be shown love. Intimacy. He never felt so at peace with the world, if he could just make Dean understand that it only counts that they are now finally here, together.
As Sam was applying for college, they worked already for nearly a year and a half. Dean graduated and they celebrated by giving him a stupid hat and drinking too much. He too started applying for other jobs with not much success. He was still an over fourty year old graduate with no propper training on a job even if there was lots of stuff he would excel at. They all shared that destiny with lots of people, that are trying to build themselves a life after closing doors to a former lifespan.
Cas looks mesmerized, like he is highly focused. He stops him and looks at him, softly cupping his hands around Cas face.
Was it tears or blood? Or both?
Dean smiles goofyly, while he reaches over Cas to light the lamp on the other bedside table and watches him slowly open his eyes as if he is waking up from a hundred years of sleep.
„N...no. No! I … are you sure you want that?“
„Utter silence – that's it. From Cas description this is the Empty. It was annoyed as hell from sound, even of Cas presence. The token is, dunno, maybe manageable. I still have some of his, well, blood. And if they really thought that their grief or whatever could be consumed by this nothingness … well grief is available.“
Dean nods. „Well, that's a surprise.“
. And he looks at Dean, sleeping peacefully. Desire. This too is a facet of love. Feeling good, exploring all he hid for so long, this wouldn't be a sin, would it? He said to Dean „As long as it's done with love.“ That's true isn't it? And just because he experiences feelings he never had, doesn't mean that this is „bad“. Change always is alarming, unsettling, but change doesn't mean that he stops being himself. Or would it?
Their eyes locked and Cas presses a bit into the point where their bodys melt and feels it, so does Dean, slowly pushing in him again. Feeling his warmth, feeling how tight Cas closes around his body, feeling his flesh and loosing himself in arousal. They both start moving and pushing against each other. Faster, even faster. Hands running over sweaty, damp skin. Over twitching muscles.
„If that's all, I can live with that.“ Dean sighed relieved to Cas response.
They take the impala to a rest area with parking lot near the starting point of the hiking trail. It's already autumn and leaves rustle over the paths. They decided for a trail that starts in a forrest near Lebanon, followed by a small mountain with not much difference in altitude, but maybe enough to get a glimpse of the landscape. Between brown and green foliage are already bright yellow leaves tumbling silently down. It's a workday and they are relatively alone on the trail. They walk next to each other through the forest. Cas asks Dean what his ideal vacation would be and how he plans to spend the next days. Deans admits to be less sightseeing hungry than Sam and Eileen. For him it would be okay to drive a bit around in the Impala, watch a lot of Netflix and eat good stuff. „And have sex with my boyfriend of course. Especially when Sam and Eileen are not around.“ he adds smirking and makes Cas blush and laugh.
„… I knew it.“
„So?“
„We've been here already.“ said Cas and lays a hand on Deans at the gear shift.
Dean gazes at him, kisses him and whispers „Angel of thursday, hm? Been to hell and purgatory and the empty and back“ in between while putting small kisses from Cas' throat to his chest to distract him from his own nervousness, comfort him.
Cas snorts. „Well, that would be awkward. I wouldn't know how to explain that.“
There is cock-blocking, honest talk between Sam and Cas, a bonfire and wholesome Donna-hugs. And maybe sex.
They were getting older. Their days a bit more alike. Dean wasn't talking about hunting for a while, even if he still had a gun under his pillow. The impala was most of the time in the garage. Mostly they took baby for a roadtrip at the weekends.
„Ah great“ says Dean, makes an exhausted gesture and Cas laughs. He smacks his lips, looks questioningly at Dean.
„More? More like what? Every drop of sweat on our skin?“
„See …“ Dean hesitates, Cas looks back to the Shadow approaching, then Dean frowns, touches him by the neck and makes him meet his eyes. „I love you, okay? I love you too. Do you understand me?“
Dean watches every move, every change in Cas expression. For him it feels different too.  He never was intimate with a man or let anyone in like he allowed Cas. Never shared his feelings or felt heard when opening up about doubts, fears, himself.
Dean whispers in Cas ear „I think you have an admirer.“
„I have something to do and I suppose the sooner I go, the sooner I'll be here with you again.“ The frowning face, the squinting eyes, Dean knows this look to well and his happy face immediately disappears as if someone turned the light off.
„Do you have a problem with having … sexual intercourse with someone who appears as a man?“
Around him just blackness and silence, then Dean looks down to Cas, runs through his hair and puts a hand at his cheek. Until now he was sure he would find a way. Or simply stay or die here. Now fear kicks in. What if not? Deep is the hole in his chest, that nearly drains all emotions but fear.
„You can be loud, nobody's here. Just you and me.“ he whispers and gets rid of his shorts, relieving his hard cock. Now more demanding, he feels Cas firm grip. Even stronger than Dean expected. This will leave bruises, he thinks, but doesn't object. Not much matters right now, everything inside him melts. His whole body is like an exposed wound or nerve, firing after every sensation.
Hands are everywhere, their kisses get hungrier, faster. With some silent gaze and a gesture they are agreeing on getting lost of their pants.
„Obviously you attract nerds.“ Cas says smiling. How could he always emanate such a calm? That or deeply frowning concern.
„Chuck?“
„I'm a bit embarressed of myself.“
Dean frowns trying to look super seriously, but looses it and grins offensively while Cas alternates somewhere between smiling, blushing, rolling his eyes.
„No, Dean. But I … sense things.“
„Here we go again.“
Think. Look. Assess.
Dean gets slowly up, puts his shorts on, not ready for witty words, but he'll get there.
What formerly has been the Shadow hesitates, but takes the napkin and rushes away. Cas just looks at the disappearing, very human, living being.
„Let's just keep in mind … that we can practice a lot from now on.“ Dean smirks goofyly and makes Cas smile and ease up.
„That him?“ he asked.
Sam nods. „Yeah finally.“
„Yeah.“
„Cute.“ she adds.
„Yes, he told me before. Heaven.“ Dean angrily moves a chair and sits down in reverse, facing Sam.
His face is priceless. Mouth opened just a bit in an expression of sweet arousal. It's pure bliss. Dean is already on the verge of coming himself as he feels Cas shivering and his cock throbbing. He makes him come and pulls away. Dean bends over Cas, who grabs him. They are chest to chest and he is shivering and moaning. His hands are grabbing Deans back so firmly he thinks he will leave bruises. Damn, he is strong. But he encourages it, embraces him tight, feels his body close and warm. If he could draw him even closer he would. After he stops shivering, they part and look at each other, Cas breathless.
„It was awesome“ Dean says promptly, laughing. „It was really good, man. But at first, yes, I .. I had no idea if you like it or if I'm doing wrong. I thought I mess up and was … dunno ... scared I guess. Or that I hurt you. Can I hurt you!? Did it hurt?“
Tears are streaming down his face and he forcefully tries not to make a sound. He sits there in the dim moonlight shining through their windows, frowns, closes his eyes and like a mantra he thinks „We had a good life, we had a good life. We had a good life.“ And just waits till it happens. He doesn't dare to hold Deans hand or to touch him, he doesn't want him to wake up. He wants him to go peaceful, without noticing if that's possible. And Dean doesn't wake up and won't anymore and doesn't notice anything. Cas tries to heal him again, trembling hands and deeply hurt as if there is a hole in his chest. Without effect. He does what's expected and does even more. He calls an ambulance, because that's what necessary and expected, even if it won't help. He calls the neighbors, so that they would let them in. And he calls Sam, even if he maybe already is home with Eileen. And as they all arrive, he is long gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
„But not in that outfit, Castiel. You need a make over.“ says Eileen while gesturing.
Planks are squeaking, then it stops and silence fills the house as if it suddenly swallowed everything living in it. He hears that Dean only went went as far as the corridor. Cas opens his eyes, stands slowly up and goes after him. Dean seemingly froze while walking and just silently stands in the hallway between kitchen, living room and the staircase, watching to the floor.
„Can you read minds now??“
„Scared of me???“ Shock bursts out in Deans voice.
For a second Cas pauses, then says gently „Not sure. No.“ he shakes his head, smiles and Dean draws him in a kiss.
Not as brotherly love or the love between best friends. Now, they were sitting here and he knew that Dean looked at him like he looked at him for years now. It may had been love all the time, even in the way Cas didn't dare to hope for.
„Yeah?“
. He decided to ignore it.
„Look …“ Dean goes on, „if you are not hurt, unwell, feel like I'm taking advantage of you … if you liked it, just enjoy it. I do. It's okay. It took us a while to get here. Who judges us?“
„What's wrong? Come on. I may had no coffee yet, don't expect too much, but I'm ready darling, give it to me.“
Cas appears on the ground as if something suddenly spat him out, Dean runs to him, slides on the ground, cries „Cas“ and kneels next to him, eyes wide open in stress and anticipation. Cas eyes are closed, he looks
„What?“
Dean looked at him, muted.
„Would it be okay if we save that for later? Theres is something I would like to … if you too want it … .“
The scent of coffee. Some familiar aftershave. Gasoline? Laundry softener. And a personal scent. He knows that one too. It smells … as if someone is desperate, angry, sad. A small hint of sweat. Tears? A heartbeat, racing. The scent of leather too. Like the scent of the Impala? That is …
„I sense a strange pattern.“
„Cas, thing is, you're not on a milk run, you're going home.“ Dean looks at him intensily and Cas falters.
The longer they touch, the heavier they are breathing. It's like something has ignited them.
„Let's continue in my room?“
Seeing Cas hands trembling a bit while unbuttoning his shirt, he thinks to himself „Ah - not too easy. It's still Cas.“ Dean takes a deep breath and draws him in a kiss.
Dean looks at it, then hesitantly to Cas. „So …?“
Deans smiles cheerfully at him. „Yeah, why not!? We have so many clothes for digsuises here – really, pick something you feel comfortable in. But … something not so disguise-y.“
„If I would have told you 15 years ago that you would be with an angel … the real deal.“ as Sam goes on, Dean raises one eyebrow.
Dean paused, finally looks at Sam and nods.
Dean hears familiar voices behind him: himself and Cas. As he turns, he sees himself stab Cas exactly like that night in the barn. How Cas looks down and calmly pulls the knife out of his chest. Dean feels eerily embarrassed and disconnected from himself as he sees his own expression and how he talks to Cas.
Sam looks surprised at him. „For what?“
In silence they are looking around, avoiding each others gazes. Sam awkwardly clears his throat until he hears Deans raspy, hung-over voice. „Then I guess we're gonna read lots of boring stuff.“
But nothing happens.
Not that Cas is the most experienced, but this is really sweet. And he can feel in the air around Dean how nervous he is now as if their feelings and positions switched.
Silence seems to be the loudest in the room. They don't know how to start, Cas frowns and says „What did you think, Dean? You could have died. This could have gone completely sideways. I … I don't even know if
As Cas doesn't respond, Sam turns and sees Cas as if he has some realizations, mouth opened in awe, looking to the sun, face lit with a warm glint. He has no idea how cinematic and nearly comedic he looks.
„Lay down“ he whispers in Cas' ear.
As you probably guessed by now, the chapter titles are songs titles. More than that they're songs I loved to listen to while writing or that come to mind when thinking about destiel. If you like I'd post the list with the last chapter. Or do you probably already guessed some of the exact song/artist matches? Let me know.
. He doesn't want to step away from it. Just wants to take it in. Isn't it what he wanted? To have Dean. And he wants him so much.
So after one minute and a half he starts shouting. „Come on. COME ON YOU SON OF A BITCH.“ And as he turns around in anger ready to shout more insults, to wake everything and anything, he sees himself standing there. Same face, same clothes, but with a crooked smirk on his face. In a strange, sarcastic voice this Dean in front of him says „Congratulations. You managed to wake me up. And now?“
„Oh yeah, so what's the natural order? Die for the greater good and pay the price.“
Sam chuckles. „Sorry. But with Dean... . That's difficult even for me. I always thought that his bad taste and appetite for flings was just to get, you know, some relief without investing much. But then even that stopped. And I thought, yeah maybe, he is going to have some realizations!? About you? About himself. I don't know. But then there always was some apocalypse. Maybe that's it. Maybe it's father figures … I … I don't know, really.“
„So that everyone sees you're mine.“
Dean inhales as if he is trying to keep something (himself) together. „Don't disappear on me again, okay?“
„How long do you know?“
Dean listed all he would cook for Cas and himself and test what doesn't taste like molecules. Cas responded to the menu that it's a lot and he could help him. Dean, still somehow slowed down like he is hung-over, sends him instead on a journey „to take everything from the bunker he likes and make his room look like he actually lives in it.“
And thank you so much to the readers who commented or gave me kudos or any feedback - this really gives me a boost! :) I'm currently writing at the last chapter which will be the 8th and a bit excited.
?“ Cas himself doesn't really believe it.
„Figuring“ whispers Cas with concerned face.
„None of your business, Winchester.“
He feels as if ants are riding through his stomach. He hadn't that for a while. As he realizes this, he clears his throat and tries to look super-seriously at Cas and adds „I..if you would like that, too.“
I was … I simply was an asshole. And to Sam too.“ And Cas looks like he finally gets the full picture, frowns and whispers „Dean … .“
„With what … your tongue in my mouth, Cas? Because I guess we've been there already.“
Buuuut ... the upcoming chapter is my favourite. <3 ^.^ Bonfire ... the next two chapters are a bit longer.
„So … forever, Dean?“
Later in a random diner, they talked about everything. About the final fight, about what happened to Cas in the empty, about Jack getting him out, about how disoriented Dean felt after Cas dropped the bomb of their shiny new „monsterless world“. Well, not counting the human monsters. Cas asks what Dean would like to do with his life now, who in response just smiles and looks intensely at him. „Oh I got an idea.“
Dean rubs with his beard stubble over Cas nipple. First one, then the other and gets even more pleasure of how Cas under him breathes hard, struggles, bends. He touches him and feels his hard cock, finally.
Dean looks at him and hesitates. „No. Not really. But we had a good life.“
„Dean, what's wrong?“ Cas leans against one of the pillars in the garage.
After a while Sam and Eileen planned to move out if Sam would get a place at college. Dean was very silent these days, knowing that their ways would part soon. Those times he laid often next to Cas, on Cas, in a tight embrace with not much talking. Often with his head in that space between Cas chin and collarbone. He felt disoriented and seemingly only found back, when with Cas. He was his morale and most of the time brought his enthusiasm back. „Angel qualities.“
„Damn it, Dean. Wouldn't it have been … I don't know … worth the try?“ And then he added „Sorry“ as he saw Deans expression. Tears in his eyes, grinding his jaw in anger.
They shower together. Under the water, touching each other and kissing inbetween. Seemingly they haven't finished last night what they started. Dean presses Cas against the wall, as Cas gently runs his fingertips over Deans shoulder.
„Aw no wait, that wasn't my question! I forgot!“
„What I want to say … it felt good, really good, but it was more ..., well you know what I mean, don't you?“
„And now?“ asks Dean, his head suddenly empty again. Where does all this leaves them?
Cas sits straight, meeting Deans gaze. Pausing for a moment.
„Why what? Why 'why'?“ (again)
„I'm just waiting for you to tell me, that you want to go back to heaven or you have orders and leave and I'll … I don't know, never see you again!“ It all blurts out of him, he sounds angry and he is and doesn't mind keeping the volume low.
Eileens gaze shifts between the two of them, silently praying „please whoever up there make it work, bring them back, just bring them back.“ On the outside she looks self-assured, because she needs to be for Sam, but inside she wants to scream.
He nods. „I … didn't think of myself as gay or bi or whatever. And if I'm not sure about that, how could Cas be? I mean … wasn't he just figuring it all out? Slowly? Feelings. And love and intimacy is the final boss concerning emotions and stuff.“
(See the end of the chapter for
„Things aren't like this anymore. People … entities don't come back. And angels and demons don't belong with the empty anymore. They are judged by their actions similar to humans. For me … i'ts more like I'm tolerated here. Retired. And if you die, then I go back to heaven and proceed with my retirement there. If you want to have me, I'll be with you.“
Dean bends over to him, intensifiying the kiss, using his tongue and hears his heart beating and blood rushing. Deans hands are trailing over Cas arm, neck, back. They part after minutes and look each other in the eyes. It is different now than in the impala. Their breaths warm, their kisses becoming more and more eager.
„Felt good?“ Dean asks.
Cas doesn't seem to be in a mood to plot witty words, instead he is absorbed by what they were doing. For a second Dean wants to add „What changed?“, but just lets it happen and enjoys.
„The hooouusehold, there it is again.“ said Dean, grinning. But he notices the look on Cas face and gets the vibes right. „You know what … I really would like to be taken out for an expensive dinner, darling.“ and winked at Cas.
A breathless, strained „Yeah.“
„Contrary to what Dean guessed … you don't want to live a life? Out there?“
He looks surprised at Dean. They kiss again until Cas repeats Deans behaviour out of helplessness, not knowing what is okay, what feels good for Dean.
„But?“
He looks at Cas - slightly tanned skin, dark nippels appearing under the shirt he unbuttons, muskular in all the right places, but not too muscular.
„I could make it stop, but it will just stay fixed for a short while. You're dehydrated – you have to get up and drink. Really.“
„Hm? No, not really. I go to my mind palace.“
„What did you do?“
First Cas embraces him from behind and kisses his neck, touches him with his lips, caresses Deans chest with his arms – but much pressure.
Cas embraces Deans hips with his legs, moves with him with more determination, faster, stronger.
At which Cas starts smiling brightly as some old couple passes Dean. While the man seemingly didn't hear anything or pretends to, the woman gives him a curious look, then looks to Cas, then again to Dean, raises her eyebrows and says „Good for the two of you“.
„Ok … tell me to stop, when you feel like it. Or .. try to relax. Remember?“
„Hello.“ A voice echoes behind it. The Shadow turns.
He stretches comfortably while looking at him. „Why are you chilling here?“
He stands up and wanders around, expecting to see something or someone different, but happy to see baby and jumps right in.
„That doesn't matter here.“ Dean says, lowering his head to meet Cas' gaze.
As they drive their groceries back to the bunker, Cas hypnotizes the card. Dean asks him what he thinks about that.
Sorry ... there is some more angst, hurt and grief before we get to the good part. ;)
The sentence remains unanswered and uncommented.
„No, I wasn't. I'll
„Yes?“
Their hands and the foam glide over their necks, torsos, their chests and loins.
„Time?“
Donna and Jody are following Dean with their eyes until Donna says „Go get him, tiger.“ They start giggling while Sam and Bobby are sharing a frowning glance. Dean just shakes his head and smirks.
He noticed the „last“, but isn't going to mention it. „How couldn't I? We have to keep them this time. We cannot loose them again.“ Maybe this is the reason for Deans „last“, Sam thinks and looks over to Eileen, who teaches Jody some ASL.
„Sorry but that's stupid. Everyone deserves that and is to some degree capable to express and feel that. And sorry Dean. Maybe that's too hard on you now, but I think Cas made it clear how much you mean to him. And you? You didn't tell. Love? Do you love him?“
First Dean jokes around and asks Cas how it was when he first showered as a human. To which Cas states more dryly he would like to not think about that.
„No. I … it's okay. I guess I, want it, too. What is it, that you want to do … exactly?“ They both know what is probably next. Dean licks his lips and laughs nervously.
„Sure?“
„You don't know what you do to me. I mean your face, when you are horny. Ah, priceless.“
„If you want to have me.“
„I'm not going to fuck this up“ he says to himself and starts stroking Cas with one hand, gaze locked, the other hand next to Cas face to firm himself. His eyes. Trapped.
Their eyes met as Cas said simply, silently with certainty „I'll be there.“
„But I already have a plan. Library style, remember?“
„Oh." The Shadow turns, frowns with the face of Deans and smirks. "So he really woke him up with this. How corny“.
„Nonono. Really. Don't be. Why? This is good. It's … good … to … feel good.“
Their eyes seem to be hungry as if they could swallow each other just by looking. Dean doesn't take his eyes of Cas while his flanel drops to the floor and he gets rid of his shirt. Cas just looks mesmerized at him as if this isn't really happening to him, to them. As if he wants to capture every second. The feeling of Deans hand in his neck, deans fingers dragging on his shirts buttons. His mind records every moment in slow-motion - how Dean drags his shirt over his head and then looks at him, loving and wanting green eyes.
Eileen rushes over to him and embraces him.
This is my favorite cliffhanger so far ... I'm very proud of it and not ashamed to say it. (Joking) I hope you don't hate me now.
„Dunno“ he pauses, brushing with his hand through his hair and looking like a huge weight just lifted from his shoulders as he stretches comfortably next to Cas.
Cas pulls out and they come together, while he embraces Dean from behind. They crash on the mattress as Dean turns to Cas and they try to kiss as they are still shivering and in result are more breathing against each other. Dean slides down a bit on Cas sweating chest and grips him tight, somehow overwhelmed, somehow he wants to get closer to him, but is already as close as it's possible. He presses against Cas chest, smells his skin and sweat, hears his heart beating fast, and feels like he want back. Back to that moment in which they were one. As their breathing is more steady and silent, Cas brushes through Deans wet hair till he finally looks at him.
„So ...“, he pauses, „it's not like anything could go wrong. As long as we tell each other what we like or not like, right?“
That's when Cas asks him to see a doctor.
Cas could feel the distress Dean talked himself into. It feels as if the temperature around Dean decreases - he wants to get him out of that dark place. His words are nearly incomprehensible, because he tries not to cry so hard. During his torrent of words, he was staring into the blank space in front of them, avoiding Cas' gaze or else he wouldn't be able to say anything anymore. During all of this Cas observes him, mesmerized to hear him say what has been on his mind all the time. Seeing Dean turn his inside outside. All these over a span of over ten year carefully cultivated thoughts, doubts and fears make him falter, leave him speechless. He studies Deans freckles, the energy of despair around him, his green eyes, even more greener under his strain, marbled red.
„Ah“ he seems to be relieved. „We weren't naked very often.“
So Dean makes the first step, touches Cas loin tenderly. Their gaze still meets as if as part of a game - who turns away looses.
„What? What did you thought, Dean?“
„So.“ it says and its voice echoes even more than before. „you are awake.“
As the blackness fades and they are capable to open their eyes, it's already too late to prevent their fall - they hit the ground, hard. Cas gets up slowly, asking „Are you ok?“ While Dean just turns around and grunts in pain „Yeah I'm ok“.
„It's beautiful. I wish I would be able to craft something so beautiful.“
„No.“ Dean calms down and tries to send a small signal of reconciliation. Gently he entwines his fingers with Cas hand on his stomach. „No, that's not leaving.“ And he finds his smile again, exhaling relieved. „You know, you sound very sexy, when you are talking like that.“
Cas just embraces him, runs his fingers through Deans wet, short hair and whispers „I want to get dressed and watch the sunrise with you.“
Dean feels his cheeks getting warm. „Yeah, that.“
„I got that word from a tv show Jack and me were watching a while ago.“
Sam rushes away, „I'm going to wake Eileen, don't go away!“
He could barely ask if something happened around here, but seemingly it didn't. Moreover he feels guilty seeing their happy faces, because he was just restless. Twelve years he wasn't able to say anything and now he confesses two times a frickin day and cannot even do this properly.
„I don't want to do anything that you don't like.“ he whispers.
Eileen freezes and then looks to Sam, who sinks down at the chair, desperate. „So it worked.“
What if everything is just a sick game?
„I got that from a movie.“ and he smirks, then returns to a more serious self. He observes him. How tense he is. And he wants so much to create a safe space for the two of them. Like starting over – after twelve years.
First he tried the front door, but there was no Cas and his heart stung. „If you really left … no you wouldn't.“ he mumbles and tries the exit through the garage. And relievedlye sees him - a familiar figure with a trenchcoat sitting at the exact same spot, where he was sitting some months ago deciding to try to get him back. There he was now - staring into space. Dean swallows and slowly gets closer. Cas just says „Hello Dean“, before he even turns.
„Ah, no, okay, no details. Just the overall weather report.“
Cas nods, reality hits. „But“, says Cas, „can't you sell some of the less dangerous artifacts from the bunker?“
„Yeah, I know the theory, well.“ he smirks awkwardly to lighten up.
Like an answer he hears Dean mumble his name in his sleep as he turns over to him and lays an arm around Cas. Suddenly their faces are close to each other, nearly nose to nose. He studys Deans face. The twitching eyes, eyelashes, freckles, the stubble around his mouth. Years of frowning and too much trouble left wrinkles on his forehead. Wrinkles, that weren't there when he raised him from hell and reframed his broken shell. He's getting older. While I always felt young and unknowing next to him, thinks Cas. He presses a kiss on his cheek careful enough, so that Dean wouldn't wake up.
„So you think, huh? Spit it out.“
„... you let the light in“, he says while pointing to the spot. „You must have known, that it would open a door for me?“
Deans breaks. His face feels hot and he tries to swallow the tears. Cas takes his hand as presses a leveled „Shit … don't leave me.“ out. Instantly Cas cradles his face and kisses his temple. Tenderly, nearly shy, but to Dean the gesture feels  truely angelic. As he finally meets Cas gaze, he says „I'm not leaving you, Dean.“ Who just nods, cannot look away, his head too empty to figure out what to do until he nearly automatically whispers  „Can I kiss you?“
There are dates, talks about sex in public and apparently Cas is going to be a carpenter. ^^
„Looking good. Suits you, handsome.“ And after that they agree on googling a hiking trail, wish the other couple a pleasent vacation and start the day.
„I want him back.“
After Sam and Eileen left, the silence in the bunker seemed to dim the light. For Dean it felt like the end of an era. Sometimes the silence at the bunker was a blessing, sometimes hard to take. Another example of how some glorious days passed and are finally over. In retrospect Dean remembered much of the good sides of hunting and roadtripping with Sam while tending to forget the extremes. Apocalypses now seemed to him as far away as if they were fiction. A mere glimpse in the eye of a cruel writer, than a cruel god. Cas was good at reminding him that not everything in hunting as they experienced it was great. But soon he noticed that these flowery stories about good old hunting days were Deans form of escapism.
„What? No. Hit me with the message.“ Laughing, he missed that, tenderly runs a hand over Cas side. A delicate, small gesture, that sends an ineffable sensation through Cas. He licks his lips, looks more seriously and to Dean his eyes seem to be even more blue right now, his gaze even more asking, inviting him in. „I want you inside, then.“
„I don't know, because you are leaving me, like freakin everyone does sooner or later.“ Dean turns his back on him, and immeditaly regrets the soul striptease as well as yelling at Cas. But then suddenly two arms grab him from behind, drawing him close. His hands and his body feel incredibly warm, even hot and he feels Cas nose and breath in his neck. It tickles as Cas says calmly, but low-key angry „I said I'm not going to leave you. I'm free to go and leave heaven whenever I want. Everything is good up there. I'm not on duty anymore. I'm retired. And I thought about spending my retirement with you. And if I want to, I'm going to consult, because they are building things. Big things. Good things. I could consult as much or less as I want. I was thinking of two days a week. Like a part time job. That's it.“
Cas caresses Dean, leans over as far as he can and kisses Deans back.
Dean frowns „Well, you make it sound dirty.“ As Cas bends over and wants to kiss him, Dean mumbles something about morning breath, but they kiss nonetheless.
„Right ...“ and Cas touches the radio again and somehow charges the Impala. Dean tries again, the stuttering forms to babys usual sound and they can drive.
Is this real? And if so, where does this leave him? Deans words, his gaze, the taste of his lips linger in a corner of Cas' brain.
„Ha, yeah. And how do you know I think you are cute?“
„Dean … like I said, I don't intend to stay. I just want to see what's happening there. Heaven was practically in ruins before I left. And I want to see how Jack is. Much changed. That's all the closure I need to be finally here with you, not distracted and relieved. Please give me that without worrying too much. I have a good feeling about that.“
Thank you so much for your lovely comments and kudos so far! :) Happy for each one of it. Please go on sharing your thoughts with me - it helps me to get better and is really motivating ^^
„Aaaaand home is … with you?“
„Part of that sounds normal for sex, if you ask me. But it's not unpleasant or anything?“
„Yes, I would like to …
„Relationships? Or love?“ asks Sam and Dean nods with a serious expression on his face.
Cas hand around his cock working, the caressing, the kisses, the warmth of Cas body, the sound of skin on skin, Cas head against his back, his careful hands, loving and desiring. Dean moans much to Cas relief.
?“ Dean smirks, while Cas cannot stand Deans gaze.
Cas chooses some dark blue jeans, grey sweater and a black outdoor cargo jacket.
They sat there for a while, silent. Then Sam says „Did you … pray?“
„But what about now? How are you now?“ Sam throws some dead wood over to Cas, who carries it without complaining. „Are you happy?“
But as soon as he got the idea that he wants to do it to Cas, it's just inevitable, pure curiosity on the border to passion.
„Again, yes.“ says Cas glancing over to Dean shortly. „And now?“ Is it his heart he hears racing or Deans?
„No, you do.“
„Well … I was there when you said you wanted to make Cas suffer. Before the two of you made the deal. You know I could look into the Empty, even if I couldn't directly enter. And you didn't make him suffer. You just let him run in his dreams on his own with whatever memories. Good and bad. Maybe because you were content that he is finally sleeping? Or … relatively happy and came to terms with himself? I don't know what exactly you wanted. But it made me think. Also what Dean said. He struck a nerve, didn't he? So … whatever. Make your choice.“
Cas nods. „Well yesterday I didn't notice nervousness“, Dean winks and makes Cas laugh.
Sam looks to Cas, frowning and just dryly stating „So you really had sex, hm?“ And Cas instantly blushes and looks away.
. He was expecting to meet Cas, who wouldn't sleep. Who doesn't need to sleep. Who was somewhere around here.
He moves more and pulls Dean even closer with his legs around Deans hips.
Cas meets his gaze with that impression of his as if he can look right through Dean. And he touches Deans hard cock and strokes him, while switching their positions. Cas on top slowly tries to put Dean in. Surprised, Dean freezes and just stares at Cas on top of him and that newly found self-confidence. Then his whole body burns, lit by the idea to have him this way. He fumbles around and helps to slowly enter Cas, who breathes out noticeably and as if he is in pain when Dean is fully in.
„We did it. Your sacrifice, too. Pains to say this but … without you doing what you did, I don't know where we would be right now.“ And after a break adds „You know … you can't just drop a bomb like this and just disappear.“ As Cas is still hushed and the silence starts to gnaw on Deans nerves, he feels his stomach prickle and courage fading, so he jumps another time.
Cas looks at him, seemingly not knowing what to say or what Dean intends to ask, he rephrases. „Is it embarassing for you?“
Dean knew what he likes and if Cas works even the slightest bit similar to Dean, then he knows how to make him feel really good.
What is home?
Their lips parting, they look at each other and repeat immediately. Dean teases him with his lower lip and puts a hand at Cas back to draw him even closer, while Cas lays a hand in Deans neck. Nervously and hastily they miss each others lips from time to time, getting faster, more passionate, their tongues meet. Their kisses may not be perfect, sometimes out of rhythm as they go faster, but perfect for them.
While Cas and Sam were collecting dead wood, Cas feels as if he needs to walk and talk even more silently than usual to not to give anything away Sam hadn't already seen. To him it felt likethat moment between Dean and him was sticking. Visible around him, readable in his face. It wasn't. But he felt so different from one second to another. Not himself anymore? Or just different? He couldn't deny anymore how much he was longing for Dean, but somehow he felt as if he was letting go of something. Of a former life, a former self, he couldn't name it. And it felt relieving, but also strange and unsettling. Think about something else, talk about something else, stop your spinning thoughts, he said to himself, clears his throat and says to Sam „So … you know?“
„I want to be with you. And I am. Except two workdays a week. Explain. Is this what you define as leaving somebody?“
„No. From what I heard … things are working very well. There is no rush.“ And he notices Deans face brighten and goes on „Thanks to you and Sam. You saved the world. I knew you would.“
Dean frowns. „Oh well, don't be too excited.“ he says with dry, raspy voice. „Is something wrong? I thought you liked it. I mean … all of it. You have to tell me if not.“
„What? You wanna know how's it going in bed? You wanna know, I see it. Oh you perv.“
Someone is drawing the the other one in Deans bed, maybe they both do. Cas mind cannot keep up with everything that's happening with them, aware or unaware. Cas hears his heartbeat and feels lightheaded. They kiss fast, messy kisses. Dean starts to kiss and lick and suck him a little at his throat and under his ear. Starts to wander downwards, arrives at his nipple and gently runs one hand over Cas thigh and touches him between his legs, where to his surprise not much happens.
Coworkers asked him „How's Cas doing? Will you bring Cas? What's Cas up to? He's bad at poker, but excels at billiard. We need him in our team friday night. I have something for the shelter he's working at. My niece needs some advice. He's such a good listener. Cas. Cas. Cas.“
, huh? I'm maybe stupid, but I'm not as poor as you. At least I had the chance to make it right. At least I lived and he lived and we tried and we failed. But we lived.“
The spell is broken again. They share longing, long kisses and after a minute, moan whithout shame, pressing their foreheads together, their hot breaths are caressing their faces. Their movements intensify. Cas isn't just repeating Deans actions anymore, he's getting playful, gripping tighter, getting faster, exactly as if he could feel what drives Dean. Maybe he can? Dean nearly cannot think anymore.
„I mean the other thing.“
„And?“
„Time to let go.“
Sure, he nods. Just that he feels everything. Every shiver of Dean, every drop of blood pumping through Deans body. Deans weight pushing in him. And he smells adoration, love, desire. He feels motion and emotion worth twelve years. He feels Deans insecurity, lust, worry. „Everything's fine. Rest a bit. Just a bit“ and caresses Deans thighs.
Still no answer as Jack goes on „I wonder … why did you do it?“
Dean leaves kisses on Cas' chest, stomach, over the tattoo, down to his crotch.
Cas clearly doesn't understand, tilts his head, frowns as they look at each other.
What if this isn't real?
As Cas pauses, Dean mumbles „Well good to know.“
As Cas notices eyes on him, he looks to Dean, enveloped in the warm light of the small bonfire. Their eyes meet and they smile. Without kowing they long for each other and ask themselves if the other one feels the same.
„No. I … I'm not sure how I think about everything besides looking at each other over the flames.“
„No, I feel everything, I feel my blood pumping, yours, it's more than usual, and more intense. It's as if I can feel everything happening in my or your body and … it's … much to process. It's as if my body is speeding up and my mind cannot keep up.“
„I am happy. And you?“
„Why exactly?“
Deans eyes widen, „Wow.“
„But in general yeah, it's okay to spend a bit time on our own. But ...“
Images are flashing through his mind. Images of him trailing wet kisses over Cas stomach down to his crotch. Nearly he feels Cas grip on his neck and back and his lips like a phantom pain,  feeling so good. Dean swallows, his tongue is thick, his throat dry. More as an excuse to touch him, he wipes the drool on Cas' chest slowly away, as he suddenly moves and whispers „You know I'm not really sleeping?“
As he enters the kitchen to look for Dean, he grins as soon as he sees Cas.
Sean patted his cheeks, saying „Don't look so sour.“
„They prayed to the Nothingess to I quote 'swallow their personal darkness and put it to sleep forever'. The cult was mainly frequented by people of all sorts. People who were grieving, suffering from terminal illness or were doomed to go to a labor camp. Always people who couldn't go on with their lives as before and struggled to deal with what was ahead.“ Suddenly her voice became rushed, she wanted to get over it and avoid looking to Dean.
First Dean is even angrier.
„Why don't you wake him up and spit us out!? Then we are gone and you can go to sleep again. Isn't that what you want? You did it before.“ Inside he screams and curses himself - he probably shouldn't have reminded it of how repetitive this gets.
„It doesn't bother me. We both made mistakes. And we both didn't realize or confess for a long time. That's not just on you.“
„I'll call Donna and Jody.“
Cas blushes a bit, then rolls on his back, closes his eyes. „So you
„Oh come on, don't be so cool.“ exclaimed Dean.
„You are here because ...“
Dean looks back to the guy, which starts talking with his female coworker, both glancing back at them. They attract attentation. And are recognized as a couple? Maybe.
„Yeah well – love on first sight.“ Dean smirks. „But hey, one thing was legit. We met in a
„For example when?“
And as Cas looks at him, soft and assuring, with a subtle, kind smile, loving eyes, it 's nearly magnetic.
„I'm usually not the type to cry after sex. I really never did.“
Dean looks mesmerized at Cas, who whispers „it's okay“, who brings Dean back.
„Yes.“ says Cas promptly.
Dean takes a sip of his coffee, looks absorded in his thoughts at the falling, dying leaves. At life ending. At things changing. At the years they spent next to each other with so much baggage. Arguing, blame, guilt, remorse. So much unrequited and unspoken words. The scent of coffee spreads and as he finally looks at Cas, Dean nearly sees his heart break as he clearly still is waiting for an answer.
Sam and Eileen sit in front of the laptop in the kitchen and don't dare to make a sound, they are even holding their breath. Since they have no sound on and Dean stands with his back to the camera, they have to guess that he is already reading the prayer. Their faces turned to the monitor, dipped in blue light, they see him falter, turn around and look to the camera, shrugging comicaly in an attempt to say „nothing happens“ as suddenly a black goo emerges from the jacket on the ground and swallows him whole. Sam jumps from the chair and screams „fuck“ and after a blink of the eye, there is just Deans bag and the jacket left in the room. Dean is gone.
Deans perception blurs. Tears are standing in his eyes, he's too weak and too tired and too sad to make it stop. And maybe there is a small part in him that wants to say „You're right, Sammy“, but he cannot. Can he? It makes it all so real. Could he just wake up?
„It was very good. And I was … very surprised. But you have to stop fearing that I would leave you.“
An amount of attraction and lust he wouldn't have hoped for just days ago seems to be between them, one could nearly taste or smell it in the air around them.
As Dean wanders around the furniture, he notices how Cas hands glide over the tabletop. Cas may not be overwhelmingly open with his feelings, but he looks stunned.
Dean leans next to him against the wall. „What's on your mind?“
Cas reassures Dean is ok and after he agrees more seriously, he starts kissing his neck and even licks and sucks. To Dean, who still imagines Cas as stern, this feels incredibly lewd. Never before has sex been like a gift. All these new sensations, situations and images. "Precious" is corny, aword Dean crossed off his vocabulary but it fit's how Dean feels about every memory, lewd, comical or sweet.
„SO!“ exclaims Sam as he sees Dean in the library, sitting in front of his laptop and smirks, when Dean frowns in pain and blocks his ears. „Shit, Sam!“
„Just like that.“
.“ and turns his back on them and wanders around.
„Dean, what … .“
Dean hesitates and looks at him. „What doctor?“
When Cas and Dean went to bed this evening, Dean talked about getting a job as a night watchman. It was another idea nearly every evening. A depressing evidence of how much Dean hated his job. He hated sitting in the evenings in the library and do some homework for school. But it would just be three more months and he could take the exam, which would give him a highschool certificate and open some more doors.
As Eileen mentions that there is still some salsa in the kitchen, Cas volunteers to get it. He wants to get away for just a moment to collect himself. Literally he feels the heat and it gets to him more than he wants at the moment. Thoughts about having too less experience, not knowing exactly what would happen next between them or how to act around Dean and the others are spinning in his head. As good as it feels, he wants to keep a level head – just a bit to be less awkward around Dean. As Cas leaves, Dean follows him with his eyes and sighs.
Cas hesitates. „I noticed something. But then I was not sure if it is enough … I just feared you would push me away. I was in your head, you remember? Not so long time ago. That time when Michael … . I could have searched for your thoughts on me, but I didn't dare to. Anyway, it was inevitable to notice something. When we were searching for your happiest moments, there wasn't even one with me in it. So I guess that was the moment, when I accepted, that I don't have a place on your life. Or at least not such a huge impact on you.“
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas adds „I don't know. According to angel radio the world is relatively in order. They have … conventions now.“
„You'll figure out. Just don't think to much.“ And he pats Cas back and suggests going back to the bunker.
He looks at Cas face, his closed eyes, hears him moan once in a while, his mouth parted in arousel, sweating, looking gourgous. All the parts of his body Dean kissed and licked today - it adds to his stimulus. Seeing that Cas enjoys it pushes him even more. To be wanted, to want someone, love, understanding, attraction, someone that cares, comforts, pleasures him, he is overwhelmed. A strange warmth spreads on his chest, his face, his whole body prickles. He is going faster, he is going to come.
He cannot breathe. Dean feels as if his heart stops, some seconds pass, which feel incredibly long, but then like a victory, he laughs and hugs Cas. One hand casually and intimate at the back of his head, the other one at his lower back. Cas notices the difference in his attitude immediately. Is this true? Dean exclaims „You're awake.“
„Yeah, 'ah'.“
Just the thought of Cas' lips closing around his cock arouses him. Then he feels it. He exhales as it happens and holds his breath. Castiels lips, the warmth, his tongue, the motions make his knees feel weak. It feels perfect.
„How was it for you? Say something! You wanted it!“ Dean asks and smirks.
Suddenly Cas looks like he has to shoulder the problems of the whole world. In an attempt to escape the attention, he looks down.
Sam clears his throat. „So I guess you only have one option. Mourn and mourn very good. Maybe without harming yourself from now on. What would help you? How can I help you?“ He lowers his head to catch Deans gaze.
„Happy?“ asks Dean and smiles.
„No“ he laughs. „You were perfect. It was perfect.“ And suddenly looks somehow boyish, younger than he actually is. He adds „I get the impression you have no idea what a good looking guy you are. I wonder ...“
Sam wanted to ask him if he intends to have a look at heaven, but he shuts up – Dean would kill him if he accidentally talks Cas into leaving. So instead he drops another bomb. „There is a really low number of cases out there. Things seem to be changing. From what I see, life is going to change for Dean and you. Yeah and for Eileen and me. What I want to say is ...you got a whole new different life waiting for you. Maybe.“
Whenever Cas had this expression, Dean felt trapped. Perceived. How does he do that, thinks Dean.
He walks over to Cas and whispers in his ear „It's just us tonight.“
(See the end of the chapter for
„We don't need to do it, you know. Only if you really want to.“ he says.
Sam frowned, mouth opened in awe. Dean froze. „Erm … how do they know you are not a fraud?“
„I don't know, Cas. I have absolutely no idea what's going on there. Did Jack say something? Or anyone in heaven?“
As Cas arrives at the playground, where the nearest heavens gate is located, he immeditaley senses the presence of another angel. She sits on a slide, the playground is empty. Looking through her vessel, he clearly sees her beautiful wings. Seemingly a lot has changed. But he doesn't recognize her. He can read her name from her signature and aura. But it's an angel not known to him.
Baby should be ok for now, he lowers the car jack and gets up. Angrily he washes his hands to get rid of the oil till he sees his skin again, red and irritated from scrubbing. Then he turns and Cas just stands right behind him.
Sam sighs as Dean still avoids him. The dog enters the library, strolls around and lays down near them.
He looks at him, impossible blue eyes. Have they ever been this blue? These lips. His voice. There again – ants riding through Deans body.
Sam pokes him with his elbow and says without looking at him „Hey. We are going to stay here for a while I guess. Firewatch, you know?“
During their uncomfortable silence, Miracle is looking to Dean, to Sam, back and forth and whines. Dean feels lighter, but still wishes he could just disappear. He hates to feel this weak, helpless and somehow
That's when Dean finally is able to notice the nerves firing, the ants in his chest and stomach rising.
„Ah okay. Good talk.“
Cas face with closed eyes, opened mouth, moaning as in deep trance and lust. Cas touching his neck, make him look at him. Cas on top of him, his muscles rhythmically moving on him, his contractions while he still is inside of him. Cas relieved expression after he told him he loved him. Now, here they are, Cas hard cock presses against Dean.
He overthinks, he is tense, embarassed, his arousel fades.
He is nervous, aroused, thinks that he is asking for to much, but so eager to get what he wants so desperately now.
„Yeah ... You don't seem so shaken by the thought of quitting hunting for good. I thought so yesterday too.
Dean just now fathoms that he did it, he wasn't sure he would be soon. Getting up with shaky knees, he tries not to let on about how strange the idea of sucking another guys dick seemed to him all the time and how aroused he is know. Calmly and somehow appearing tired but horny he props himself in front of Cas, who still collects himself and eyeing him. It's still not decided if he is mad at him anymore.
„Yeah who knows – that what I'm afraid of. Can I go with you? I'll wait there. Damn.“ And Dean turns, sighs, then turns again, stating „I'm getting it. Needing closure. Maybe I would be the same. Couldn't ignore that. Then, go for it. But ...“
Their faces are so close they feel each others breath, warm and their hearts racing. Dean feels in a strange place between embarassingly nervous, in a state of bliss, childishly happy. He is so on edge, his whole face, throat and chest seems to be blushing.
„That he wrote your feelings? That they weren't real?“
„Maybe. And this is why I'm trying to make up for it.“
As Cas was fed up with their theories he told them that „there is obviously a market for translations from ancient or dead languages.“
He looks to Dean and just says „Not empty at all anymore.“
„I'm joking.“
Cas hesitates. „You know … I didn't fear telling you. I feared the consequences. I guess that's the usual problem with love confessions.“
„Ah.“
„What do you suggest, Dean?“
„Well … .“ Suddenly he feels like it's his first time.
They especially became friends with a coworker from Dean and his wife. They often met and because Cas was still engaged in charitable work, they often called him „a true angel“. If they did again, Dean often smiled, looked down or the both of them shared a glance. Dean and Cas often avoided sharing stories about how they met or where Dean worked before. If they had to they tried to omit everything hunter- or angel-related. As a result their stories would then sound somehow banal, but nicely normal. When they then went home, they often were joking around as they were that evening.
