Sherlock begins ripping off clothes before the poor doctor can even begin to process what's going on.
John was collapsed on the sofa in front of the telly, head propped in his hand, staring at whatever show was playing on the glowing screen. Sherlock was in the kitchen, clangs, rattles, and thumps echoing throughout the flat. John hoped it wasn't going to be another frozen-tongues-in-the-homemade-potato-gun kind of night. That was the only time John had truly worried about Mrs. Hudson kicking them both out on their pathetic arses. John wouldn't interfere, though. The last—and only—time he did that, Sherlock had yelled until he thought his voice would go hoarse and had continued to throw half a brain straight at the doctor's head. Not the most pleasant shower he'd ever taken in his life.
“Can you just say something that isn’t my name?” John’s voice sounded bleak now, as he let out a sigh. It was only then that he realised how close the two of them were, and that there was a hand resting on his neck.
“Come off it, it is basic human knowledge that someone can’t finish a crossword without asking for help on like, half the questions. The hint is ‘Some’, six letters long, and begins with an N? Last letter is L.”
“Right, well, I should probably go call my supervisor and let them know I’m running late.” He folded the paper up, glancing at the time.
“The murderer is an ex-shrink named Marshall Parry, who lost his licence years ago due to improper behaviour. He deemed himself the next Freeman and thought he could cure his old patients by performing a transorbital lobotomy, but Parry didn’t research it properly. He missed the prefrontal cortex connections and resulted in the frontal lobe being horribly, horribly disfigured and they died a very painful death.”
“Sherlock, as much as I love your company, I need to be able to buy groceries next week. Why don’t we meet up on my lunch? I’ll only be gone for 5, maybe 6 hours.” He got up and hurried to get dressed, calling his boss and explaining he had an emergency to handle and he’d be there as soon as possible.
“Shit, I was- I thought we had been flirting this whole time I- this was so stupid of me I mean, you’re Sherlock bloody Holmes.” He glanced up at Sherlock, who was staring daggers into his soul.
“Please, the killer was in such a state of shock that his plan didn’t work, he was most likely curled up in his bathtub, sobbing about being an abomination to mankind. Pathetic, really.”
“More like connecting thumb tacks with red string, to see what’s worth keeping eh?” He feigned a motion of tying string against something and dragging it across an imaginary cork board.
“Fucking unbelievable.” Lestrade grumbled, pulling out his mobile to call the Yard, telling them to hunt down a Marshall Perry. “Cheers for the coffee, John.” He mumbled, placing his mug down on the kitchen counter, and left, slamming the door behind him, muttering curses at Sherlock under his breath.
“Stand up,” Sherlock murmured, pulling John’s trousers and pants down as he did so. “Is it okay if I-” He spoke, sinking to his knees, his partner’s eyes widening with excitement. He nodded eagerly, his cheeks flushed.
There was something so painfully human in the way that Sherlock found himself interacting with John. It felt right, it felt natural. Most people he was forced to interact with didn’t understand his wit, or didn’t put up with his prattish behaviour. But John made everything snap into place. Maybe that’s why Sherlock let his guard down around his heart, maybe he was willing to finally let someone in. Someone who truly showed they mattered, and they cared. It almost made him wonder if John felt the same, if there was room in his life for one more. Maybe the coy remarks and subtle winks weren’t just banter, maybe there was something else.
“John-” He began, as he felt the hand suddenly leave his, the doctor bolting out of his chair. He rubbed a hand dramatically down his face, before staring at the ground, his hands on his hips.
Sherlock leaned down, planting a kiss on John’s lips, before pulling back and trailing kisses down his neck, chest and stomach, hell. His hands were exploring, feeling every inch of John’s chest, arms, and abdomen.
The only sounds the two of them could hear was the wind whirling outside, kicking leaves around. Sherlock wasn’t even sure if he was breathing or not.
“I just said that I-” Sherlock was cut off by John getting up, swinging one of his legs over Sherlock’s hips, putting himself in a pseudo-push up position above him, his baggy t shirt hanging down, and his partner couldn’t help put place his hands on John’s bare hips. John did his best to ignore the euphoric sensation of Sherlock’s slender hands touching his bare skin.
gOd i already miss this fic, i wish i could add more to it but i feel like it wouldn't end properly.
Sherlock had no idea what possessed him to be so calm, because he felt his heart pounding in his ears as he took a step closer to the man in front of him.
Sherlock worked his mouth around the doctor’s erection, listening intently to his grunts and groans. He glanced up to look at John, taking in his face. Anytime Sherlock moved a little further down, the doctor’s nose scrunched up and his tongue hung out of his mouth, a heavy-lidded expression on his face.
“There’s no I in crossword, John.” The detective responded, striding to John’s chair. He leaned against the back of it, and peeked over the doctor’s shoulder to see what he was working on.
also I have no idea what the ratings are and I think I might need to change it to mature after posting this chapter, if anyone has any tips lmk!
ppl are asking for full blown sex and idk if i can actually write it, but i'm gonna try for the next chapter!
“I really fancy you Sherlock, I fancy your stupid blue eyes and your stupid little laugh and your stupid curly hair. And now I’ve made a fool of myself by reading an entire room wrong. For weeks.”
Sherlock started to undo John’s belt and zipper, before John gasped, pulling the detective’s hands off him.
for John. He spent the day filing his paperwork and making sure everything was up to standard. Like clockwork, the receptionist called John to tell him someone was here to see him at exactly one o’clock. He put his white coat on the back of his chair and headed out, smiling. When he walked into the waiting room, he couldn’t help but burst into laughter. There was Sherlock, huddled over in a chair meant for children, his knees almost hitting his own chin.
“I didn’t get to tell you about the process being done on Trufflehunter, it’s quite interesting.” Sherlock murmured, completely ignoring what John just mentioned.
“Lestrade still upset at you?” John spoke in between a bite, swiveling slightly in his desk chair, bouncing his feet between the V the legs on wheels created.
“If you keep doing that, they’re going to fire you y’know.” John spoke, now at the dining room table, surrounded by test tubes. His eyes were glancing over today’s news.
“Because who hits on their bloody flatmates without a backup plan? What if I just professed my love to you and it went totally askew and we’d have to live like that until the lease is up? Talk about unprofessional.” The doctor was nervously rambling, trying his best to look Sherlock in the eye.
. His hand moved up and down ever so slightly, and John let out a groan as a shiver when down his spine.
They got back to kissing, both clearly craving more. And suddenly, as if he was snogging a mind reader, John felt Sherlock’s long, slender hand gently cover his erection through the thin lining of his pyjama pants and cup it, just slightly. The feeling was
Kissing wasn’t something Sherlock seemed to get the appeal of. One organ bashing against another to exchange saliva felt weird to him. He had tried it with others, (men, women and undisclosed) and thought it wasn’t for him. It turns out, however, he was simply kissing the wrong people.
“I’m leaving you with an uncomfortable erection after you made me feel completely euphoric. It’s pretty selfish of me.”
“Wha- OH. There we go, there we go! See? I knew I could do it.” Sherlock caught himself smiling as his flatmate scribbled frantically at the newspaper.
As Sherlock trailed his kisses back up, making eye contact with John, he leaned in for another kiss, but suddenly-
i stayed up late writing this im gna be so tired at my morning shift enjoy this pls on behalf of my eternal exhaustion.
“You going to be out with Lestrade again tonight?” John mumbled, tracing circles on his partner’s chest through his shirt.
behind affection, but it’s just not something he’s had practise with. John didn’t care, but Sherlock couldn’t stop thinking about it. How was he supposed to cherish and care for John if he had to act like it was a play? John must be so used to experienced people, to people who-
“Sherlock the door… can you..” Sherlock looked over, it was unlocked. John loosened his grip on Sherlock’s legs and he locked it in one swift motion, before returning back to the spot he was in. John pulled him closer, gripping the fabric of his dress shirt as he kissed him, his tongue dancing in Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock started creeping his hands to John’s zipper, and got his hands in, feeling John’s dick through his boxer briefs. John pulled back from kissing Sherlock, inhaling sharply. Sherlock slipped his hands under the cloth, and let out a moan as he felt John’s dick in his hand. He did his best to pull the pants down, rubbing his finger over the slit of John’s head, earning himself a well-deserved moan.
“I didn’t step over any boundaries, did I?” Sherlock murmured into his partner’s skin, his breath hot again John’s skin; his fingers on John’s biceps as he gave them a light squeeze.
“John dont you- Ah! Have to get ready for work?” Sherlock was bright red, rubbing his hands up and down John’s back, very much enjoying the feeling of John’s muscles, pleasure overriding his body. He wasn’t sure what to do as he lost control of handling his feelings, his body just kinda… reacting.
“Are- are you ok?” John pulled back, sitting up on his knees, stretching his back and looking down at Sherlock with a quizzical look. Sherlock blinked, examining John’s shirtless body. He was fixated on the way his partner’s muscles flexed with movements.
He felt a tongue creep against his lips, which caused him to shudder. The detective's brain had completely shut down, it's only focus was on John. John's lips, Johns breathing, John's hands, now wrapping around the detective's waist. Sherlock found himself pulling back, only to graze his eyes over John's face. He wanted to remember his facial expression, his smell, his taste, and his touch for eternity. A memory he'd lock away deep into his mind palace, to visit over and over and over.
There was something so blissful that lingered within John Watson’s eyes, though he would say otherwise. No matter how cold the war made him, how aggressive it can make him feel; he never lost that shine in the blue irises. Sherlock always noticed it when the doctor talked about something that he was passionate about, that glimmer of excitement brightened the entire room. Can his favourite colour be someone’s eyes? Tacky, truly, but Sherlock could spot John’s distinct, wonderful eyes within a picture of thousands.
“Everything alright?” John raised an eyebrow, looking at his partner’s stiff expression as he removed his hand and did his trousers up.
He found himself slowly working up and down on John’s shaft. He had no clue what he was doing, and only used his previous experience from masturbation on himself (which was, quite frankly, an uncommon occurrence), but John was writhing and moaning softly. So he
It was a few moments of going back and forth with hints, until John and Sherlock finally finished the crossword. After their brief celebration, the detective had yet to move his hand from John’s lap. As John placed the crossword on his other leg, Sherlock felt a cautious movement across his hand. John had creeped his hand over to cradle the other’s, and gave it a light squeeze.
“Why? Afraid I won’t do a good job?” He couldn’t help but chuckle as he placed a kiss on the detective’s lips.
Sherlock stared at John’s erection, a little overwhelmed. He let out a small sigh and licked a line from the bottom of the shaft to the tip, earning himself a well-deserved shudder from John. As he felt John’s hand on the back of his head, he lowered his mouth down the tip, lapping circles around the slit. His partner nearly tumbled over, his knees shaking.
this is the end of my bulked up writing (i had to get my invite to make an account and my writing got out of control)
“Sherlock, I-” Immediately, Sherlock stopped what he was doing, staring up at John with a very stern look.
“Ethos,” Sherlock reached his hand over John’s shoulder and pointed at 38 across, “This one’s sequel.”
“I can’t, I’ll run out of sick days for when I actually need. It’s a short shift today, just some paperwork and filing, boring computer stuff.”
“I er… sure?” His partner got off and laid down on the bed, laughing slightly as his lanky boyfriend awkwardly clambered on top of him, sitting down on his groin. Sherlock was in a loose v neck, and he awkwardly took his shirt off, throwing it off the bed. His body was thin, his hip and collar bones jutting out and the only patch of hair surrounded his navel, trickling down to his crotch. With his heavy breathing, John noticed his skin stretching over his ribs, exposing them a bit more. And John fell even more in love.
“It was happening to smoothly, John. If either of us was uncomfortable we could step back. I’m quite happy touching your erection, and you’re free to touch mine as well.”
“Nono it-it’s fine, just maybe don’t focus on it too much?” John wishes it wasn’t there, that he wasn’t shirtless, and he was fully clothed with Sherlock on top of him, covering up 90 per cent of his body. Maybe he’d consider investing in a balaclava, or one of those togas he could use to hide every discernible feature on his body or he could-
this is my First Ever Fic, and it started off as me just writing them, i didn't ever see myself posting it anywhere. some call it shame, others call it laziness, i call it both!
John walked out of his room, glancing over to see Lestrade standing in front of the door, looking around. When they made eye contact, Lestrade flinched.
Sherlock held the styrofoam cups of tea in his hand, and John held onto the bag that contained their sandwiches (and a packet of crisps Sherlock threw in last minute while the lady rung them up).
“I wasn’t aware that you could owe someone an orgasm. We’re together, John, we have an entire lifetime of orgasms ahead of us.” John replied with a warm smile as Sherlock kissed him on the cheek.
“I can stop if you like,” whispered Sherlock, his voice deep in John’s ear as he kissed his lobe, pulling on it slightly with his teeth.
also remember shootbadcabbies on tumblr? damn. an icon. forgot they existed for a minute n got a happy memory of them. hope theyre ok.
It was John who managed to cut him off his thoughts, placing a kiss on his lips. Oh, John, if only he know about the effect he had on Sherlock. All those deductions lost, all those thoughts melted away with a simple kiss. It was bliss, truly, and the only time the detective enjoyed feeling like an idiot.
“I figured it out last night, only merely just put the pieces together.” He spoke coolly, taking a sit in his arm chair, crossing his left leg over his right. He was a good liar when he wanted to be.
“I’ll see you at home, John Watson.” And this time, it was Sherlock’s turn to give the goodbye kiss, leaving John feeling warm inside.
“John.” Sherlock gave his aching back a small stretch of relief as he corrected his posture, as he calmly watched his flatmate freak out in front of him.
“Sherlock you don’t have to… do that.” John was staring at the ceiling, bright red, a very clear erection was kinda just… poking at Sherlock.
“I’ll get with the Yard and see what they can do.” Sherlock found himself leaning closer towards John, arching his neck uncomfortably closer. His spine wasn’t happy with his position, but it was one of the rare instances he could be close to John and not feel overbearing.
“I like to think my sheer magnitude of magnificence can be used for more than just weekly crosswords.”
“You’re a star, Sherlock. You should do this for a living.” John mumbled as he scribbled away at the newspaper; his handwriting rather messy due to the nature of writing in the air on a newspaper.
Sherlock breathed heavy down John’s neck, enjoying this as much as John was. The sounds John was making, though he did do his best to hide them, was music to Sherlock’s ears. John’s breath hitched as Sherlock stopped, pulling away from his neck to make eye contact with the doctor.
“Well, you’re not allowed to complain about being bored without a case when Greg doesn’t come to you for help.”
“How domestic.” Sherlock mumbled, opening his packet of crisps and munching on them, crossing his left leg over his right after he sat down.
” John chuckled, until Sherlock found his hands creeping down John’s elastic on his pyjama bottoms, before the front door was heard being shut.
“Sherlo- We can’t just keep going, what if they hear us? What if they’re going to drug us and steal our kidneys?”
freezing.” Sherlock opened one eye, saw John was staring at him, and quickly shut it. “Still asleep, don’t bother.” He had the faintest grin on his face as he tightened his arms around John.
mentions of lobotomies (scientific words, no gore, no descriptions. very basic, almost brushed over. just a heads up!)
John woke up before his alarm, his head still buried into Sherlock’s chest, the taller man on his back. He looked up at him, letting out a wistful sigh.
“Could be worse,” John finished the last bite of his sandwich, throwing away his rubbage in the bin. “Have you cleaned the cooker yet?”
“Least I don’t have to file on my day off, I’d rather live in blissful ignorance than have to worry about how my memories are organised. I’d simply hire a rather attractive mind palace secretary.”
Sherlock became very aware that John was now sliding down his body to the floor.He had all but assumed John was fainting through the sheer shock of it all,when he felt John’s tongue running itself down the lower region of his chest and into his belly button.As Sherlock struggled to keep coherency and control, one of Johns hands tightened on his bare hips,whilst the other quickly and clinically removed his belt,undoing his buttons and zip in the process.A forceful yank brought Sherlock trousers tumbling to the ground, leaving him fully exposed and completely at the mercy of the man kneeling down in front of him.John was eye level with Sherlocks throbbing penis when he finally chose to break the silence and speak.
Says the man who talks like a villian in a Jane Austen novel and carries a brolly on the driest days of the year.Tim burton called by the way.He was wondering if Danny Devito could have his penguin costume back.
Sherlock scraped the chair back quickly and jumped from his seat.He strode towards the wine on the counter and shaking, fidgeted with the cork.He poured another glass of wine and finished it before he had even reached the table.He never even tried to offer John any.John didn’t look interested anyway.His only focus was the detective emotionally crumbling in front if him.John stretched his hand across the table but quickly retreated before he made contact with the man who now had his clasped hands laid out in front of him.The whites of Sherlocks knuckles began to dig into the table cloth.John cautiously spoke like a hunter calmly trying to ensnare their prey rather than startling it into freedom.
John smugly wiped his mouth with his sleeve and pushed himself away as Sherlock finally lost control of his own legs and slid down the wall.When they were eye level again,they simply stared at one another for a few moments,mapping every inch of each others faces.The new faces they owned.The ones that no longer desperately and skillfully concealed the love,want,desire or lust they had for each other.Their heavy breathing continued to be the only sounds between them.Their sweat soaked face and bodies glistened in the moonlight that was streaming in and down on them through the cell window.Some time passed before Sherlock finally felt confident enough to speak.
"But you never liked him putting candles on the table in our dinner outings together.Not once were you comfortable with that John.You worried constantly that people would stare and think…things….about us."
"We care about you.We love you so much.Our lives are dangerous.They always have been.You coming along didn’t change that but it did change how reckless we could sometimes be.We’ve spent most of our life together protecting you from everything and anything that could potentially threaten you."
"Right. Well definitely not allowed to retell this part of the story to Rosie then. It needs to end at the kiss in front of the fire."
"I spend my life staying at Uncle Greg’s and Aunt Molly’s cause you two are constantly away on ‘business’ .I’ve heard them talk.I’ve heard everyone talk about everything.I’m old enough to read and see the papers and google stuff.I know more than you think about who you both are,who mum was and what you all get up to.I’m too old to hide it from now.I’ve grown up.Not sure I can say the same about you two.Bounding around London, playing cops and robbers to all hours of the night.I don’t get to stand at any doors tapping my feet and worrying about you do I? Hypocrite!"
“Very well. There is one story I haven’t deleted from my mind palace.My mother used to tell me this particular story on stormy nights like this one.We would get a big blanket and she would insist that we snuggle next to the fire with hot chocolate. She would get the old dusty book down from the top shelf in my room and read from it.”
"John we can keep this quiet …for a while at least.You tell Mrs Hudson and we might as well stand with a megaphone and shout it from the rooftop.Are you sure John?"
He is likely madly in love with her and finds that he can often go through a day not able to think of anything else except his cases and her-SH
Sherlock began to slowly run his fingers up and down John’s wrist as he traced circles on his skin.It reminded him of all the times previously that their hands had touched.In friendship, tragedy, anger and love. He was eventually pulled out of his thoughts by the soldier who was nervously licking his lips whilst impatiently staring at him.
John giggled and Sherlock looked down at him incredously before finally bursting into laughter himself.
The doctor leaned back in his chair and silently motioned with his hand for Sherlock to begin the tale.
"She’s really not John.Thankfully.Not displaying any of the key indicators of alcohol addiction.Casual and harmless use expected in most teenage cases but still has a while to go before she can be more mature about alcohol consumption in moderation."
John sighed and lay back down on the cell bed.He placed his arms over his face as if to drown out the situation he was faced with.As he stretched along the thin mattress, his shirt began to ride up slightly, exposing a patch of hairy bare flesh at his midriff and the top of his blood red pants.As Sherlock mentally catologued all these details about the soldier, he momentarily lost his thought process.It unnerved him that the man could casually lay there completely oblivious to the power he had over the detective.That just looking at him like this could do that to him time and time again.John mumbled a response from underneath his shirt cuff and Sherlock was back on track.
Two days later and the case was solved.We still hadn’t talked about what happened in our kitchen.I went straight to the clinic after we left the crime scene and Sherlock agreed to go home and see to Rosie.It was a further 16 hours before I entered Baker Street again.
During the following months the Prince set about changing who he was into someone that he truly wanted to be. He devoted his life and his wisdom to separating what is truly valuable from what is unimportant. He completely gave up his loneliness and some of the self centred  and selfish actions of his previous life. He did this to focus on the things and people that truly mattered to him. So many people came away from their interaction with the Prince enchanted by his new character. His  mere presence now transmitted such human warmth that they started to call him 'The Prince of Fire'.
The Prince revealed that he, and not the stone, was meant to drop from the great height in order to save the friend that he loved. To unlock the mystery of the pebble he would have to be brave and tell the warrior this. So he did. The Prince rubbed it around in his hand, fully expecting it to transform but nothing happened. He looked to the warrior who sat smiling before him.
"Anyone at anytime could pull down the latch on that door and see us doing this.Lestrade or Donavan could push that slot to the side and watch as I undo you like this with my mouth.If they do,I’m telling you now,they can watch for all I care because I’m not stopping until I’ve made you scream like I’m murdering you in here."
John crawled upwards to meet Sherlocks mouth and languidly kissed him,putting every bit of emotive feeling he had for the man into it.When they broke from their embrace,John slumped his head onto Sherlocks shoulder and flung his arms around him so that he was completely laying on top of him now and sinking into his body.His next words where whispered and a bit unsure.
I have a rhythm now and Sherlock's hips are bucking up from below mine to meet in a wonderfully overwhelming brush of skin against skin. I wet my palm and reach down to grasp him, but his hips snap back and away.
Feelings I've been dancing around for months, even years, threaten to choke me as I drop heavily onto the sofa. I care deeply for Sherlock, maybe even love him. But I'm not gay. And yet, even women have started to come up lacking in my eyes. Nothing compares to the quick-witted, curly haired detective with the pale skin and piercing eyes. There is no one else.
But as Sherlock gently nudged at his face, their noses bumping together, John realized that he was the only one privileged enough to look into those opaline eyes and see all that trust and emotion shining back.
John cooks dinner one evening and catches Sherlock watching him. The detective looks away briefly before returning the gaze.
He gently thrusts against you, making you gasp and cry out. You can hear the strange little noises coming from his throat as he fights to breathe and keen at the same time.
Honestly, I'm not sure how this turn of events happened. We'd been investigating a very routine missing persons case (Sherlock had complained about the dullness of it), when Sherlock had suddenly stopped in front of me, causing a small collision between us as I ran into his back. I couldn't really get irritated at him for his abrupt halt because the man
The lithe body beneath him is shuddering in the aftermath of an orgasm, chest sticky and eyes blown wide as he stares back at John. The reaching, reaching, reaching,
An embarrassing noise snakes out of Sherlock's throat in protest, but he lets John take control again.
"Nothing's wrong, John." He uses his dismissive tone and I know I won't get anywhere with him for a while.
he's found himself in this time always takes every ounce of composure he can muster. And today? Well today he's a mess, because standing in front of him is six feet of consulting detective dripping blood on the floorboards of 221B.
truly okay? The way he talks (or doesn't talk) about his absence makes it seem he is, but taking down an entire network of criminals couldn't have been easy. He certainly wants me to believe it was.
His hands are braced on the edge of the counter, and he's leaning forward slightly, head tilted. It hits me how much trust he's putting in my hands. Literally. This is an extremely vulnerable position for him to be in, and if Sherlock is careful about one thing, it's vulnerability.
He nods slightly, sucking in a deep gulp of air and then letting it out between parted lips. I tell him to do it again, and then once more, and on the third time my finger presses farther until it's all the way in.
He finds his pants on the floor and cleans you both as well as he can before drawing you close again.
There's a startling moment for Sherlock when John suddenly grips both his wrists and slams them above his head. Faces inches apart, John struggles to gain his control back as Sherlock tries to anticipate what happens next.
You love it, the way he laces the fingers from his left hand with the fingers of your right, pushing your joined fists into the mattress beside your head. You let out a harsh breath as he brushes his lips against your chest, latching onto a nipple and gently suckling against the skin. You remain there, pliant and unmoving, letting your doctor do as he pleases. He is the one that knows what he's doing, after all.
His brow smooths out and the corners of his mouth turn up a little. "Oh." But he doesn't replace his hand.
Gentle eyes call to you and you follow. Follow across the creaking floorboards and up the creaking staircase and across the threshold of his room. It's dim and warm and feels like your doctor.
"No more games, Sherlock." I meet his gaze, and it's as if he's let down a wall as his face falls into a quiet, sorrowful expression.
normal. The only constant thing about it is the relationship between the buggering detective and myself. And it's slowly driving me to insanity.
Lean arms gripped him tighter and he felt those gorgeous lips stretch into a smile. "Can we go to bed now?"
He's breathing heavily, barely a foot away. I calmly pick up the tea I'd prepared, then take his hand and place his long fingers around the mug handle.
It's not crippling this time, as he's obviously been functioning quite well up to this point. He's able to move about, able to think. It's not his worse, but it is certainly not his best.
The flames are beginning to grow and dance as I make my way back to the sitting room, handing Sherlock a cup where he's sitting in front of the fireplace. His position has him right at the foot of my chair, but I sit anyway, quite past worrying about physical proximity at this point.
Sucking in a deep breath, I set aside the notepad. "Do you really think I would stay with you if you truly annoyed me?"
However, when I return, another man has taken my seat and is talking excitedly to Sherlock. The detective, looking completely uninterested, isn't even facing the other guy.
He's so vibrant, moving about the small confines of the vehicle in search of escape. So beautiful. So
The detective becomes aware that his shirt has been left gaping open as the doctor's mouth travels lower until teeth graze a nipple. A startled cry jerks loose from Sherlock's throat and his body quakes. John smooths a hand through silky curls to sooth him.
"You should have gone straight to the hospital with this." John begins bustling about the flat, gathering the necessary items to clean and stitch the wound. "What were you thinking?" he repeats, coming back to settle in a chair adjacent to Sherlock's.
No argument comes. I know it's just a brief victory and as soon as Sherlock feels the slightest bit better and/or bored, he'll be flouncing about London again, but I'm glad that he's agreed for now.
Sherlock remains silent, holding his ever-present scarf against the gash in his shoulder as John pushes him into a kitchen chair.
The tall one is lanky and pale, looking as though he doesn't eat or sleep on a regular basis. His bearing is one of aloof indifference to anything and anybody around him. He is the center of attention in the huddle of detectives, obviously imperative to solving the case as he studies and examines every inch of the surrounding area.
His mind, constantly pulling apart the fabrics of life itself until it drives its owner over the edge. Addictions, crimes; they are temporary relief at best.
This was so much more than lust, however. So much more, in fact, that Sherlock had battled and repressed for months before reaching this point. He'd watched John carefully at first, searching for any signs that the feelings were mutual. They were there, but the doctor was remarkably talented at hiding his feelings when he wanted to. Somehow, he had mastered any touch of arousal he felt around Sherlock. He always seemed so blasé about accidental brushes of skin on skin. For Sherlock, it caused his body to shake and tremble for minutes afterwards.
and we're not just two people anymore. This isn't just a story about two flatmates that solve crimes together. It's so incredibly much more.
Just a little disclaimer for myself: My main focus isn't the cases or whatnot, though that is a main part of their lives. So while there is a case in this, please excuse the fact that it's shoddy and not very interesting. It really isn't the main point I'm trying to put across.
The day a little over two months ago is forever burned inside my brain. I had punched him, screamed at him, called him every name in the book, then collapsed in a heap on the couch, wondering if I truly had gone mad. If it was all a horribly taunting nightmare. But it hadn't been, and Sherlock had apologized briefly but with feeling for leaving me for so long.
Shadows dance and fade as nighttime wanes, and the feeling of utter contentment fills me so completely that I choke up a bit.
of John's typing. Your arm is sprawled loosely over his hips and your face is buried into his side as he sits up with the laptop resting on his stomach. You breathe in deeply, taking his scent into your lungs. With any luck, permanently.
I sigh a little. This has actually gotten him into a schoolboy huff. It could be days before he pulls himself out of it if he doesn't get a case soon.
This just came as natural progression. Sherlock certainly won't make himself food and the man barely eats anyway, so when I'm making toast, I make double. When I make soup, I force Sherlock to eat a bowl. Consequently, I end up making the tea too. I'm by no means an excellent cook, but my food passes decently and does what it's supposed to.
I set down my fork and lean across the table. "Is something wrong? You've been acting odd for weeks. Odder than usual," I have to add.
There was that one time when Sherlock rested his palm on my arm when I got agitated after Donavan had called him a freak one too many times. That had earned several looks.
Sherlock shuddered violently as his body spent itself, and the clenching and movement had John following quickly after him.
John fumbled with the condom and lube so that he was ready and then gently, slowly, keeping his eyes locked on Sherlock, eased a finger in.
Sherlock finishes playing with an angry pull of the bow, making a discordant shriek clamor out of the instrument.
Before I can ask what that something is, he's out of the flat and on the street. I jog to catch up and we get in a cab.
What that word jolts through my system is absolutely ridiculous and I tamp it down before climbing in behind the gangly detective.
You come back down with a crash as he brushes against your prostate and a strangled cry bursts out. Any discomfort is being masked by the ridiculous amounts of pleasure he's giving you and the slow slide of one finger soon becomes two, three, and then there's only one thing left as he guides himself to your entrance. You gasp and moan at the first little invasion, but it isn't anything compared to what comes next.
You can tell because he does that a lot—shifts his weight and drags a foot across the floor. It's a tiny movement, a habit, and with anyone else it would be annoying. With John, it's intriguing.
To this point, lower bodies had been happily avoided, both content to let John continue with his ministrations above. But when John shifts so there is a knee between Sherlock's thighs, the detective lets out a choked cry that shoots straight to John's groin.
"Sherlock," I say quietly, to ground him. Bring him back to a small flat on Baker Street in London, with a flatmate (partner, companion, friend, best friend, lover[?]), body parts in the fridge, and a skull on the mantle.
OH MY GOSH. Guys, I am SO SORRY this is so horribly late! I had some major writer's block and just couldn't get past it, plus a lot of Senior stuff I've had to deal with this past week. Ultimately, I have no excuse, however, for it being two weeks since my last post. Fortunately, this chapter ended up being a bit longer, so I hope that helps make amends. :)
It is rather tedious, but it's not. If this is what John needs, then you can do it. You're getting the better end of the liaison, after all.
After Afghanistan and before Sherlock, I had convinced myself that life from then on would be filled with empty days. Going through the motions, but not really
I step closer, angry now. "Don't you fucking dare bring that up again. I am fully aware what lead to his…absence, and there is no reason to relive or
and you're not sure if that's something people normally think about someone they want to have sex with, but you are Sherlock Holmes and what the rest of the world does doesn't matter because you have John who understands you completely.
And all thought flies out of Sherlock's brain as the doctor gently eases the first finger in, his free hand grazing up and down Sherlock's leg in a soothing gesture.
The atmosphere changes. The intensity that had been building evaporates, leaving a soft and unhurried longing curling around us.
You're no stranger to masturbation, but it had been different when John was the one holding you in the palm of his hand. The gentle movements had been more than you could handle, and, embarrassingly, you had come within minutes of him laying his hand on you. He had been sweet though, patiently coaxing and urging you into another slowly growing erection, and the second time he'd made you come it had been down his throat. Absolutely overwhelming.
"Yeah, I heard you. What is it?" I can see Sherlock, pale in the dim lighting, peeking up at me with big eyes.
of the sink and the drone of the telly. You realize belatedly that most of it is coming from you as John kisses you thoroughly, within an inch of your life. You have to breathe, so you do, and John has to kiss you, so he does. On your neck, this time. His cheeks are bristly with the need to shave and it scrapes against your sensitive skin, making it hyperaware. Everything he does makes you hyperaware.
Speaking of which, he felt he was probably exhibiting all of those in the face of Doctor John Watson. It was okay. He could allow himself to be vulnerable in front of the doctor if it would convince him of Sherlock's sincerity.
It's incredibly intimate, which in turn, quickly becomes erotic. Sherlock tilts his head each direction without instruction from me, and about halfway through the second half of his face, his eyes fall shut. Creating a smooth expanse of skin below those sharp cheekbones is gorgeous in and of itself, but when I lean closer to do the space between his nose and mouth, he draws his full upper lip between his teeth and I falter before touching the sharp metal to his delicate skin. I quickly finish that and his chin, leaving only the vulnerable throat to go. Gently, I tilt his head up with a finger below his chin before carefully, slowly, make my way across the alabaster skin. The final swipe reveals the mark I'd given him the night before.
Still chuckling slightly, I get up and go over to him, placing a hand on his stiff shoulder. "Come, now. I'll bet Mrs. Hudson took it away somewhere. Maybe even Mycroft hid it before we arrived the other day. You know how those two are about that thing."
." Not exactly what he meant to say, but he was busy biting back a combination of vulgarity and animalistic noises that were suddenly attempting to forcibly shove their way out of his mouth. "
John shifted so he sat cross-legged as well, mirroring Sherlock's pose. He dropped his hands to the detective's hips and lightly tugged. "Come here," he said gently.
At the sound, he turns and looks at your hand. Your eyes are huge and wary when his meet yours, blue turned to obsidian in the inkiness surrounding you. You think to yourself:
A small whimper whispered its way out of his throat before he could stifle it. John tilted his head and came at his mouth from a different angle, this time barely parting his lips. Sherlock mirrored the movements the best he could, trying to get his mind to
I briefly hum. "What? Of course." I drop my voice slightly, aware that Sherlock can probably still hear us. "Why do you ask?"
It's something nonsensical, but he seems to enjoy it. You are perched on the sofa beside him, watching as he laughs about some sort of dodgy joke. He has his arm propped agains the back of the sofa behind you. The distance between you is smaller than it has ever been before, and you've decided that you'll let him know tonight. Maybe right when he's laughing about another humorous statement. Maybe when it's drifted off to the evening news and his eyes are getting sleepy. Perhaps you'll wait until he stands to go to bed and you'll follow him to the bottom of the stairs.
The detective grins. "Exactly what I thought." He stands and swivels towards Lestrade. "So why is a young woman like this wearing a perfume that so obviously belongs on a woman three times her age?"
A soft slip of air escapes from your lungs and John breathes you in as he lifts your upper body until you are both vertical in the middle of the bed. The only thing between you and your doctor are your pants, and you whimper pathetically as you tug at the waistband of his. It's useless, hopeless, as you are following John's time. He has followed you across, through, between the filthy streets of London without question; now, you quietly follow him along the pathways to trust, contentment, and something like peace.
I had thought about this once before. I'd found Sherlock sitting in his chair, fingers prayer-like under his chin, staring at the far wall. Nothing unusual there, but the slight redness about the eyes had caused me to give him a second look. At first, I worried that perhaps he'd found an old stash of something, but after a slightly closer study, realized the redness was due to the tracks of dried tears on the detective's cheekbones. His face was completely stoic, not at all distressed. The watering of his eyes was very simply probably because he'd stared too long without blinking, but it had sent me to thinking about the possibility of Sherlock Holmes shedding a genuine tear. If he ever does, no one ever sees. There are never witnesses. No proof. And that's what Sherlock always insists is necessary, is it not? Proof.
John Watson, who had invaded Afghanistan, who had been shot and almost died, who had been strapped to a bomb beside a pool by a madman, who had watched his best friend fall to his death, was terrified in the middle of his own living room, because he thought he truly had broken Sherlock Holmes.
"You don't look much better," John says, and then has Sherlock's torso abruptly vertical and his shirt abandoned on the floor.
He loosens the buttons on his uniform jacket and you need to hold out a hand. So you do. He comes to you, your savior.
He picks out the word in the amount of time it would have taken you to write a sentence complaining about his slow typing.
And really, isn't that all it's ever going to be? Running about, dodging bullets, shooting a few himself? Won't it always be danger and games with Sherlock Holmes?
He looks down, our eyes meeting for the first time since our shower, and I can see the stubble beginning to peek through his skin.
gone for subtle. A dark purple t-shirt stretches tightly against his wiry frame, accompanied by equally tight-fitting jeans. While this might not sound over-the-top, when it's accompanied by whatever product he'd worked into his hair, it certainly has its desired effect. He really looks quite…gorgeous.
He shakes his head slightly, still looking through the magnifier. "Not this time. You're just more likely to come down, or at least out of your room, if it's about me." He pulls a face. "Probably making sure I'm still here."
You gaze back, allowing John to see you. He smiles in acknowledgement and brushes a thumb across your eyelid, caressing the lashes fanning out in a crescent moon. Your hand tentatively rests against the center of his chest as he hovers above. He kisses you again, lips tugging gently with conflicting hunger and tenderness as his hips move lightly against you.
"The stone you sit clasping in your hands is half of the the same dirty pebble that I gave you at the beginning of our adventures together. It is not the pebble which transforms but the person who holds it precious to their heart. The pebble is merely a symbol of selfless love and friendship. A love and friendship which you now have for me. A love and friendship which has gradually softened and transformed you within. You have been transformed and because of that so have I. Each part of these stones on their own are powerless, they are truly nothing, but when they are joined, they becomes an unbeatable force which nothing in this world can either separate or destroy. That is the stones true power."
"Plus he didn’t take it further John.He didn’t sleep with any of them.He made excuses not to sleep with them.Tell me what you think that means?"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They both continued to stare at one another as if their lives depended upon it.Sherlock suddenly smirked and moved himself so that he was now leaning over the top of John,half straddling him,with his legs and arms at either side of his eager body.He lowered his face towards his friends,brushing his nose and mouth along his cheek as he slid them towards his ear.
John took the opportunity to clasp his hand with Sherlocks And move it towards his mouth.He kissed it once.
One night, as the warrior and the Prince sat together by a roaring fire, the warrior offered the Prince a most curious gift as a thank you for allowing him to stay. He offered him a pebble, a simple dirty pebble. When the Prince asked why the warrior had chosen to give him the gift of a pebble, He explained it to him like this,
John if it hasn’t been clear from the texts I’ve sent you,what this all means in a nutshell is….I’m equally as in love with you as you are with me-SH
The warrior (hearing that the wizard had told the Prince to risk his life in such a manner) raced to the tree . He got there just as the Prince reached the top.
Cheryl bounded across the living room pushing past Sherlock as she went,her long black coat flapping in her wake.John with lightning speed followed quickly behind her raising his voice with every stride.
Johns eyes snapped to Sherlock, but Sherlock although momentarily wounded,had not flinched at what she said.His eyes simply remained fixed on her as John spoke.
I don't doubt that you love John but love doesn't keep my brother and my niece safe from murderers and mad men.
John shut the laptop over and sat it next to them on the couch.He turned to Sherlock and worryingly pulled the younger man’s hand into his own.
"Wouldn’t it be amazing if we could screw one another at the same time in a prison cell that anyone could walk into at any moment? would it be great to take each other into our warm wet mouths and screw one another senseless? You want it don’t you? You want your mouth on mines and mines on yours.Maybe you want Lestrade to walk in and watch us?Maybe you want that John.Tell me what you want John?"
The warrior could do nothing but watch the Prince in desperation. The warrior was relieved when the pebble and not the Prince, fell from the great height of St.Bart's to the forest floor below. The stone snapped into two pieces upon impact. Both the Prince and the Warrior instantaneously were threw to different parts of the land.
Sherlock choked on his water as he processed the words John had said. The restaurant owner had an encouraging and wistful smile on his face as he quietly collected the candle he had brought from his establishment. He placed it gently on the table between them.
John stood with hands on hips and a steely stare that focused on the girl in front of him.The girl with dip dyed hair and a concealed tattoo only her and Sherlock knew about.
John motioned for Angelo to approach the table.This was a very strange occurrence in such a tiny kitchen space as theirs and as ridiculous as the situation they now found themselves in.
I used to think it was the lure of the case that kept me at your side.I used to tell myself that you were the means to a dangerous end.A way to satisfy the unquenchable thirst of the soldier in me.It’s taken me a long time to come to terms with the fact that you are not a means to an end.You ARE my end and my beginning.It’s you that makes me live Sherlock Holmes.You really bloody do make this world worth living in,NOT the cases you dangle in front of me like bait because you’re terrified if you don’t keep supplying my fix,I’ll leave your side one day.-JW
That first kiss was like nothing either had ever experienced before or would again.A lifetime of love,want, passion and loyalty poured from them until their legs became weak with the strain of it all and they collapsed down onto the floor of the nursery still holding one another.They held one another for what seemed like hours that night.This moment reminded John so much of that.It had been enough to bring them together, to know that he could actually really feel things like that for another human being.This was another of the many reinforcements of that .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Upon those words falling from Sherlocks lips,John had unconsciously moved closer to him until their lips were only inches apart.John flicked his eyes from Sherlocks mouth to his eyes and a predatory mischievous smile flashed across his face.He was suddenly becoming aroused and Sherlock was very aware of it.Their legs brushed together under the table as John slid his hand down towards Sherlocks knee and gave it a loving squeeze.They had momentarily forgot about the teenage daughter sulking in the room not far away.John’s voice was rumbling and low when he next spoke.
"I did have quite and interesting and intense life before meeting you, you know.Well until I got injured that is."
And just like that the elephant in the room had vanished allowing them to both finally breathe again.
"John, do you require more alcohol or would you prefer a cup of tea before retiring to bed for the night?"
I’m just surprised she hasn’t mentioned it sooner,she’s been thinking about saying it to us for three months now but something’s been holding her back.”
John cautiously lifted his hand and gently stroked Sherlock's temple until he faced his friend and mirrored his gaze.
Your brother threw himself off of a building in front of my brother and made him believe he had died!
John I am going to bed now.I have left a glass of water and two aspirin on the table next to your chair.Gavin can get his own.-SH
"So we have been reliably informed on numerous occasions.You didn’t go to Rosie’s so where did you go? You have a distinct smell on your clothes.A smell I know very well as does your dad.John deduce"
"I was hardly going to stand there and let him touch you like that was I? You put us into that situation Sherlock!You put me in that situation."
"Oh John what are you like.Im passed all that nonsense now I know you two aren’t at it.Though you really aren’t doing anything to help these rumours yourself dears by having romantic looking dinners like this together on valentines."
The wizard who had set up this evil plan to destroy the Prince and steal his pebble, had not anticipated that it would fall instead and split in two. He deemed it broken and of no value. In his anger he used his magic to separate the Prince and the warrior.It would be the Prince's punishment for destroying the stone. The wizard,in turn, was also thrown to a darkness from which he could never return.
Sherlock waited a few minutes before answering John.In this time John began to panic a little at the thought that Sherlock had let his words sink in and was trying to analyse if there was deeper meaning in what he meant by them.
Cheryl stuck her hand out towards Sherlock and waited for him to shake it and finalise the deal.He stared at John and upon seeing his silent nod and waiver,extended his arm out to complete the contract.
He turns and we stare each other down for ten full seconds, his piercing eyes boring into mine. At first, this method worked on me and I'd back off, but after knowing Sherlock Holmes for several years, one builds up a certain immunity to such tactics.
Sherlock turns briefly and throws his hands up. "He was in the observatory!" With a brief look in my direction, he sweeps out. If I hadn't known better, I would have said it was desperation.
Sherlock cries out as John nudges his prostate, arching off the bed. His voice stutters into an explicit moan and the doctor's finger becomes more insistent before he adds a second one.
Sherlock! You have people who care about you, who don't want to see you dead. Isn't that reason enough?"
Nobody had ever touched him like this. Nobody had put up with him this long. Nobody was as sweet and gentle as John was.
After Sherlock unceremoniously announced that he was going to die, all of the morbid statements and odd thoughts about death stopped. It was as if he had come to terms with it, and after stating it, locked it away. That was that.
"I think you'll find that he does. Can't you tell?" The lean man begins dashing about the body as he examines every detail once more for the sake of Scotland Yard. In rapid-fire speech, he begins. "Judging by the state of his attire, he dressed himself. Obviously, there was no one to tell him the outfit didn't coordinate and that he missed a spot while shaving. His clothes are slightly ragged, implying either insufficient funds or lack of desire for new clothing items. Going by the highly expensive watch on his wrist, a gift from his boss of twenty years, and the meticulous state of his hair and nails, he makes good pay and has for quite some time. With an employer giving away such items, he would have to be making enough money to support himself comfortably. How come his clothing doesn't fit with the profile? He had someone else buying clothes for him for quite some time. Mother? Unlikely at his age. Sister? Possible, but still doubtful. Wife? Yes. There's the matter of the left ring finger, which bears no band at the present, but the slight indentation and tan line suggests there was for a while—come now, you all should know this!—and wasn't removed until recently. When I say recently…approximately a year, judging the state of his apparel. However, what was the cause for the removal? Not a death, since this type of man, devoted for so long, would have left it on or moved the ring to the right ring finger to symbolize his widower status. Divorce or separation then. Probably divorce.
and a man only has so many options in the middle of the desert and…I'll just leave it at that.) Then Sherlock had kissed me, and it was different. Completely different. And I'm not talking stubble-burn-in-the-morning or oh-god-it-has-a-penis different. It was emotionally explosive. And that's just a bit too cliché, so please ignore that sentence.
Odd little breathy noises escape him. He's loud, even obscene as he responds and moves his mouth against mine. Tiny whimpers fill the air as his hand quickly releases my jacket and comes to cup the nape of my neck, tilting my head further back, while the splinted one rests against my waist.
I continue to watch him, worried, as he gets back up to settle in the chair across from me. He hadn't even checked for a case.
The doctor's not sure if Sherlock is even aware of the words coming from his mouth. Apparently, it had been some kind of warning. A whimper and a cry later, John finds himself with an armful of a boneless Sherlock Holmes, and the detective's reaction is enough to send John over the edge as well.
A look of confusion crosses Sherlock's face. "We're all dying, John. But if you mean am I going to drop dead tomorrow, I do believe I have quite a few more years before I go six feet under."
I tug his legs until his feet rest against the floor before reclining the seat he's in. He deserves to be comfortable. I watch as he takes a breath, each one bringing him closer and closer to his last.
The doctor stands and straightens his jumper. He hadn't bothered to change clothes when he got home to find Sherlock gone. "Good."
He rolls his eyes. "If that is the case, then you have some very disturbing kinks that we need to discuss."
He knew when he'd found it. Sherlock's legs clenched so tightly he thought he might break his back for a moment. The detective's sounds were now explicit and needy and John thought desperately for a moment that he was going to come right then and there.
Sherlock is terrified to see moisture gathering in the doctor's eyes and decides there is entirely too much
He stares back at me for mere seconds before turning and looking out the window again. "Of course not."
You have the British Government practically at your beck and call (no matter how much said Government may deny this at times). You have a sweet landlady that cooks occasionally and helps tidy the flat when you're busy chasing your flatmate around London. You get free food at a fabulous Italian restaurant. You get to go behind the caution tape at crime scenes. You get virtually unlimited access to the lab and morgue in Bart's.
With arms weak from amusement, I slide them around his waist and drag his arse out of the sink, still chuckling as I bury my face in the crook of his neck.
And I'm reaching into the bedside table, and he's trembling. Quivering fingers tug at my own tee and once I've retrieved the item from the drawer, I let him pull it over my head. He keeps it clutched in his hand for a moment before letting it drop onto the bed beside us.
So, I hold out a hand, and it takes him approximately two-and-a-half seconds before he steps forward and takes it, and I'm suddenly in possession of a lapful of consulting detective, face buried into the space between my shoulder and neck. He has our joined hands held between us, the fingers of his free one clutched into the sleeve of my jumper.
During his movement, my arousal had become almost painful. I press the tip of a third finger in, and it goes in much easier than the other two had. He's a leaking, trembling, nearly sobbing mess by now and I don't know whether to be proud or alarmed.
"This is okay?" he asks. He's kneeling between your bent legs now, so you ease a leg over his shoulder and pull him closer.
And, because you can, you wrap both your arms and legs around your doctor's strong frame with all the hidden strength you possess.
Sherlock's head suddenly snaps up. "The work always comes first, John. Always!" Fury boils somewhere in the opaline eyes glaring back at the doctor. "If I must put myself in danger to solve a case, I
I mean anyone bar myself." The detective pulls out the dead man's wallet as he speaks, opening it. "The rather alarming amount of photographs in this man's wallet is practically an autobiography in itself. However, no pictures of the wife, so who could these be? Too young to be a girlfriend, as she's barely out of college. I suppose it would be possible, however, it is highly unlikely. His type? Her looks? She wouldn't go for a man like him. Daughter, then, judging by the resemblance in the nose and mouth. But she's too old to have been our deceased and his wife's daughter, since she's clearly around twenty-four and they've only been married for approximately twenty. This extra family member was found out by the wife—and possibly the husband, not sure—in the past year. Look at the state of the photographs. Very few dog-eared edges and printed on new paper. He didn't have these until the breakup. Which means he probably found out about the girl at the same time as the wife." Jumping over the body, he leans closer and motions to Lestrade. "Smell his jacket. Seem familiar? No? Of course not. It's the light fragrance of a younger woman, not the heavy, musky smell a woman of his age uses. This perfume belonged to his daughter. And I know who you're looking for, as we passed her on our way in. I recognized the scent."
"What's on today, then?" I ask once we've caught our breath, shifting slightly to press my bent knee to his thigh.
You catch your hand before it can reach across the entire expanse of the seat and slap it down onto the space between you and John.
I say: Yes, it does happen) movements, I settle my gaze on him this time. Sherlock can sometimes be a bit like a skittish animal.
Belatedly, I realize my hand still rests on his shoulder and quickly pull it away. It's a little surprising he hadn't said anything about it, since he's mostly adverse to human contact.
Like you have so many times before, you hop up from your place on the sofa and lean over his shoulder to stare at his screen. "Harrowing."
Sherlock is once again pushed gently back against the pillows, and then John's fingers are brushing insistently under the waistband of his pants. Sherlock arches into the touch and closes his eyes, aching to have John touching him, and the doctor slowly pulls the fabric off and tosses it aside. The cool air filling the bedroom moves against the violinist's heated, swollen skin and he whimpers.
coaxes you into another erection as soon as you've recovered, both of you naked and skin-on-skin. You feel guilty because he's still very hard and you haven't done a thing to alleviate it. He takes you down his throat and you come again, this time with a little cry at the end.
Case closed, we head back to the flat, Sherlock taking shallow breaths on the ride there. He refused to go to the hospital once again, despite both myself and Lestrade trying to convince him otherwise. I'd succeeded in knocking the bastard out that had kicked Sherlock in the ribs, then waited with the mad detective until Lestrade arrived to take the man away.
Sherlock doesn't react to the anger, but instead studies me silently as if unsure how to continue. His eyes are steely.
Police tape sets up a visual barrier between the crime scene and the intrigued spectators. Inside the flimsy wall is an array of cars with flashing blue lights and miscellaneous police officers. These are mainly in charge of keeping curious onlookers and reporters from seeing more than they need to. Another imposing barrier, this one of human form, is encircling the actual body.
ALSO: I'm not sure how long this fic is going to be. I have the next chapter or two planned out, but after that I have no ideas. SO. If anybody has ideas for prompts on how to keep this going, BY ALL MEANS please throw them my way! I can't guarantee I'll use them, but I'll most definitely look at them and take them into consideration, as well as give you credit for the idea (of course!).
His head snaps up and his eyes bore into mine with an unnamable emotion. "Is it?" he asks, tone nearly mocking. "Because people seem to think it's a lot more than that."
I jump slightly as Sherlock's sleep-roughened voice drops into the room. Watching as he unwraps his long arms from around his long legs, I say, "Did you sleep much?" There is a cold patch on my leg when he lifts his head.
Sherlock shook his head abruptly. "No. No, John, just...here. Do it here." He had an almost painful grip on the doctor's arms now as he sucked air into his lungs.
His mind is his tool, the one thing he relies upon. He considers himself superior, which he is in most ways, intellectually. It runs faster than I can comprehend, notices things that most people wouldn't even begin to take note of. He
Of course I'll take care of him. Of course. How the hell could I not? I probably couldn't stop taking care of him if I tried.
I try not to look overly relieved, though the fear that had been about to choke me, the worry that he had relapsed, had me so tense that just the sight of that stupid coat was enough to make me want to bury my face in it. I had been within minutes of calling Mycroft.
He holds up his once-again splinted arm. "I may be intellectually superior to most—if not all—of society, but I am yet to be ambidextrous."
Anyway, I'm twitching about nervously when I hear the front door open and shut, footsteps climbing the stairs, our door open, his feet on the landing. He steps through the doorway to the sitting room and again I'm reminded of the Adler case as he looks at me, seemingly cold and detached.
It has the potential to be more than just this, but there's no need and it doesn't go any farther than gentle kisses as we take turns soaping each other's skin.
Shaking my head, I lightly stroke the thin skin over the blue veins of his wrist. His hand is much larger than mine, and so very pale. He's paler right this moment than I've ever seen him.
Another fake smile. "No, no. Quite the opposite. I have people taking immense precaution to ensure this."
The next morning is cold. Sherlock's room is always a few degrees cooler than the rest of the flat, and today is no different. I open my eyes slowly, still exhausted from the previous day. The room is dim and it takes me a moment to recall the events of the night before. I also become well aware of something warm, curly haired, and heavy lying on my chest. Sherlock.
My body is shaking violently with the shuddering coughs as my lungs try to dispel the water from them. While I become aware of my surroundings, I recognize a familiar scent and the touch of a rough coat against my face.
) mug before I swirl it onto Sherlock's face. Setting that down, I pick up the blade and step closer.
Sherlock blinks suddenly, eyes snapping to mine. The movement startles me, and I jump slightly. Getting up with a flourish, Sherlock crosses the room in two long strides to where his violin rests. Picking it up, he begins playing a tune I haven't heard in a while.
Chuckling, I push him off before climbing from the bed. He blinks his eyes open, wide and sleepy as he follows me.
It was late, the case was over, John was tired. Sherlock should be exhausted. Of course, he wasn't. John mentally groaned. Sherlock drifting off the high of a case was never pleasant. Usually (if John was lucky), Sherlock would walk into the flat, straight to the nearest available surface (sometimes his own bed, sometimes the sofa, sometimes the floor, and once, the damned coffee table) and fall face-first into a deep sleep. This wasn't one of those blessed times. This was one of the rare
“Not half as fun though is it? Solving murders is one thing, but going ‘aha! I solved all the weekly crosswords this newspaper company has ever created!’ is way more exciting.”
The little sandwich place they ended up in was absolutely packed, so they ordered their food and drink to go. As John ordered, he felt Sherlock place a hand on his back, just below his opposite shoulder. John quite liked it, whatever the gesture implied.
“You startled me when you walked in without knocking,” John saw his reflection in the mirror above the mantle, and tried his best to flatten his bedhead “Tea, coffee?”
Sherlock ran his tongue over John’s lower lip, pushing him against the desk, digging into his lower back. John found himself pushing random papers and pens out of the way, sitting up on it as he pulled Sherlock in for another kiss by the lapels of his coat.
“You’re a nutter sometimes, you know that, right? But I wouldn’t have you any other way.” Sherlock was staring at John’s lips, rather than his eyes. He clearly wanted something, and John couldn’t wait to see how long it took him to act on his impulse.
“To wear John’s shirt? Clearly not. Think harder than that, Detective. You do focus on reading behind the lines at your job, do you not?”
“Well tell them,” Sherlock rolled his hips again, resulting in John groaning, “You’ll work from home. Your very
i tried to just focus on sherlock's flustered thoughts rather than every single detail john was doing
“You spelt it wrong,” the detective exclaimed over John’s shoulder, as he reached a slender arm around the armchair to nick the blue pen from the other’s hand “Lemme see it.”
o-kay this is the one with the vulture culture-y stuff! (just a mention of roadkill n bones, nothing graphic!)
This was kinda dialouge heavy! Wish my chapters were more synchronised in length, but I wrote it and now im dividing! oopsie!
“Be a bit of a surprise for both of us, might have to get rid of the dead badger you think you’re being slick with and hiding in the cooker. Very irresponsible parenting on your end.”
Right in front of Sherlock’s eyes was a mug of coffee that his flatmate (and best friend) John Watson had made him. With a grunt, he took the mug from the doctor’s hand, cradling it close to his face. The weather outside was bleak and grey, as it’s cold wind made the flat creak. The warm mug felt so comforting to Sherlock as he took a sip.
“If you don’t want to tell me, that’s fine,” John murmured, cupping Sherlock’s cheek “Do you want me to return the favour?” Sherlock shook his head
“Jesus Sherlock how long have you had tha-” He was cut off with Sherlock’s lips kissing him again, open and wet. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s head, grabbing a hold of it gently, tugging ever so slightly as the kiss deepened. Sherlock pulled back again, as John let go of his hair. He placed kisses on John’s chest, biting, kissing, and sucking. John was a hot, moany mess, and Sherlock was on cloud nine. John flinched as his partner placed a kiss on his scar, and Sherlock froze.
His hair too, by god his hair. Sherlock had caught himself staring at John’s hair, wishing he could run his hands through it. The ashy blond hair was far from boring, so gorgeous and so fitting for John. for his John, no less.
John entangled his fingers in Sherlock’s curls as he placed kisses down the doctor’s neck, picking up the pace with his hand.
“Right, cheers.” John grumbled, as he grabbed the pen from Sherlock’s hand, letting his hand linger against the other’s for just a second more than usual.
“I needed to come home. To think. Y’know, mind palace and all. Open up a page or two on John’s laptop about Walter Freeman and Moniz, see if the pattern in the homicide linked up with the creator and avid doer of lobotomies in the in 40s.”
“You’re an absolute tease, you know that?” John laughed, tickled pink at the thought of Sherlock getting him off right then and now.
“Not all.” Sherlock had clearly forgotten about the microscope samples of fruit fly larva, and was now staring at the back of John Watson’s head.
i do have a job, sadly, bc im a sad sad adult who needs money. so updates might be a little sparing, but i'll try my best to update as soon as possible. the second i write something my monkey brain goes "update" so yeah!
“Coffee, thanks.” John flicked the switch on the kettle, and opened up the tea cupboard, pulling out two mugs. He added a tea bag to one and a spoonful of instant coffee to the other.
The second Sherlock and John made physical contact, a rush of electricity shot through him. It was euphoria, it was bliss, it was glee, it was John. He wanted nothing more than to spend his days reliving this memory again and again, as he felt John’s hands slide over his own again, grasping at the other man’s grip. He wanted to be closer, to feel closer. To explore every single inch of the doctor’s body. To catalogue every hair, every freckle, every scar. He wanted to know everything that John would let him.
You wish he would just stay home with you. There are so many different things you two haven't gotten around to trying yet.
I watch Sherlock deducing who it is by Mrs. Hudson's appearance. If the face he is making is any indication, the company will be unpleasant.
Sebastian Wilkes gets arrested for embezzling (I'm slightly disappointed that Sherlock wasn't the one to take him down, but hey).
John Watson takes pride in himself for being a patient, understanding man. It's helped him with relationships on an uncountable amount of times. But this...whatever sort of
You are ready for the next step, however. You want to feel John closer than you ever have before. His skin sliding against yours in a silken procession, eyes gracing you with their cerulean warmth as he guides you into a state of blissful oblivion. You want to remove the rough fabric of his uniform from his body, letting it pool around your feet as you press him into the soft expanse of sheets. You want to replace the uniform with your own body, pale arms and lanky legs wrapped around tan limbs. Dark curls against graying flaxen strands.
John is there, wrapped around you, closer to you than ever before, and it isn't enough. You feel like maybe it's ripping you apart slowly from the inside out, because no matter how much of John you get, you'll always want more.
Also, thank you thank you thank you for the lovely reviews. I enjoy so much hearing from you beautiful people. I apologize if I don't always respond, just know that I read and appreciate every single one.
A moment's hesitation, then Sherlock starts playing a graceful melody on the finely tuned instrument.
Back to the former. To be completely honest, I haven't the slightest idea as to what's running through the genius's head. He seems well composed (as well composed as Sherlock Holmes can be between cases) and would never in his life come right out and say he's worried about his brother. I can tell he is, though. Sibling rivalry (if that's what it is) can only go so far, even for a "sociopath."
It's been like this for the past week, ever since the gay bar incident. Sherlock brings up everything and nothing all at once, and I'm left to figure out what in the hell he's talking about. There haven't been any other cases, yet he doesn't seem overly bored. The bruising is still there, sending twinges through his rib cage when he moves too quickly. He doesn't talk about it and I don't ask, but he still comes to me every day and wordlessly lets me check his ribs to make sure they're healing. It's an odd thing, seeing Sherlock shirtless on a daily basis. Before the attack, that didn't happen often. Sure, there were days where he'd walk around in his sheet or duvet, but otherwise he was thoroughly covered.
John's wise, wise hands are now both twined with yours, braced against the pillow above, holding you down, but not really. You realize you are biting your lower lip just as he hovers closer, brushing his with yours and releasing you with a soft sigh.
I try to speak, but cough instead. Holding up a weak hand to tell him to give me a moment, I'm surprised when a much larger, warmer one engulfs my small one and grips tightly.
I've always liked Molly Hooper. As a friend, that is. At first, I thought her to be just another girl taken in by Sherlock's greatness (in every sense of the word), but after that ill-famed Christmas long ago now, I realized she had a spine of steel under all that sweetness. How could you not when dealing with Sherlock Holmes? For heaven's sake, she even helped the man fake his death and succeeded in keeping it a secret. That takes an indescribable amount of strength.
Sherlock gives me a strange look. "What? Of course not." He gets back up and starts away, then turns back and gives me an accusatory glare. "Why would it be?"
I ignore that and drop into my chair across from him. "Why does everything these days seem to revolve around death?"
I had nodded my agreement, followed him into a cab, then to Baker Street where he paced restlessly across the creaking floorboards continuously for nearly an hour before throwing his coat back on.
He cries out and his heels dig painfully into my back. His hips jerk up enough to push me farther in and then he's begging for
He blinks up at me slowly before gripping my jacket above my shoulder. "John, I'm so sorry. So sorry."
Your lips find his neck now, too shy to go for the mouth. You think maybe that should bother you, but it doesn't. Even if you are shy, John won't laugh. He won't poke fun. He won't call you a freak.
These are the moments when he makes me feel useless. Sherlock Holmes may be a brilliant man, but he's also a lonely one.
"You know what I mean!" What he'd said had shaken me far more than it should have. Having a man resurrected say that had brought a lot of unpleasant memories rushing back.
With a deep inhale, I crawl up the bed until I can look down into his face. His hair is wild in a dark halo against the duvet, cheeks flushed through the porcelain of his skin, pupils wide and wanting as he opens his eyes.
You're leaning in to kiss him when the sound of laughter throws you off. A tiny bubble of panic has just managed to raise its head, but then the laughter is silent. You see John throw the remote in the general direction of the coffee table and you smile.
Firm hands grip the sides of my face and pull me back so that insistent lips can latch onto mine. I know Sherlock is trying to distract from his rather ungraceful moment, but no complaint comes from me as he determinedly forces my mouth open with his tongue.
gay, most definitely had a thing for him. He's the kind of man that makes anyone question his or her sexual orientation.
He blinks and his mouth falls open slightly. Shock isn't something one usually associates with Sherlock. "Most certainly not."
The flat is cold and quiet when we return. We both shed our coats and hang them up without comment, then Sherlock takes to his usual position on the couch as I set about to make some tea.
John shuddered slightly at the insinuations behind that statement. Slowly, keeping himself in check, he moved forward and knelt in front of Sherlock, his knees brushing the detective's legs. He cautiously raised a hand as if to touch Sherlock's cheek, but paused. "Have you even..." He cleared his throat. "Have you ever..."
Because it wasn't so much the message itself, but the word "home" and all it implied that had caused you to fumble with the phone before you could send your reply with unsteady fingers.
"Okay, this isn't going to be fun. For you." I can't help the slightly wicked tone that creeps into my voice as I set aside the supplies and stand up.
He releases my hand and I continue, listening carefully to his little huffs of air to make sure he's truly okay.
" The man spits it out as if it's the most ridiculous thing he's ever heard. He stops pacing and stands in front of me. "I don't understand any of this!" he yells.
When this doesn't immediately work, he groans in disgust. "John! I want to see if you recognize it."
With an angry sound, my captor jerks my arms farther behind me, nearly dislocating a shoulder as the movement stretches the delicate knife wounds apart, and shoves my head back into my own bathtub, full of water. Whatever drug he'd jabbed into my arm earlier had made me weak and unable to fight back.
There's a slight strain in my pants that I try to will away. I'm still half-asleep, and all I really want to do is sit here and revel in the soft, early-morning atmosphere painted inside the walls of the flat.
Once we were back at the flat, I'd yelled at him, telling him exactly what I thought about him, in no polite terms, and reestablished that I was not gay,
In all the times I had been plagued by nightmares, I had never imagined Sherlock having the same problem. Did he struggle in his sleep when he was away? I swallow heavily. Did he ever wake up screaming in a dank hotel room in some dodgy part of a city? Did the darkness of the room swallow him, make him feel captured in a spider's web of terror?
It aches. I want to crawl right into that fragile ribcage beneath my hands and never leave. I've never had an addictive personality, but I will never stop craving Sherlock: his brain, his body, his bloody abrasive self.
John reflexively grasped onto Sherlock's upper arms with both hands, eyes cast downward, breathing rapidly, forcing himself to think. This was trust. This was complete, utter trust. This was a man mostly adverse to physical contact asking him to take something he could never give back. Sherlock wanted to
John is there, trailing a thumb across your damp cheek, murmuring quiet words that you can't make sense of. You see his face and realize he's distressed. You bring yourself together enough to understand what he's saying.
His hand is gripping almost painfully into the lapel of my jacket. "You almost died," he hisses. "You almost died
At first, he refused to look in my direction as he began the setup on one of his experiments, but after a bit, he began giving me little peeks whenever he thought I wasn't looking. I always was.
The first touch is soft. Hesitant. Again, my mind wonders if he's ever done this before. I press my lips more firmly against his and he sucks in a breath as he moves forward until my spine rests against the back of the chair again. His hands move to the armrests and I feel a knee brace itself against the furniture between mine.
Sherlock drops back onto the bed, breathing erratically, clutching blindly at the sheets until he finds my arm and wraps one hand around my wrist.
Without announcement or ceremony, Sherlock shoves open the door and then pulls back the shower curtain. "For the love of all that is living, could you please
My hand automatically reaches for my gun, but the bastards had taken it. Phones too, I realize. My pockets are empty.
and the only annoying thing about it was that I was forced away from home and all that I have acquired."
My eyes narrow and I go over the scene before me again. "Why are you writing things down?" His mind is his notepad.
The third time Sherlock comes back from a case without John knowing, he passes out in a heap on the sofa from exhaustion before the doctor can say anything.
I pause in my reading when I catch a glimpse of a name in the obituaries. "Did you hear about the elder Mrs. Rochester's passing? Says here she died a week ago."
"Do you know I wait up for you?" John asks without looking up from the newspaper he's reading in his armchair.
Sherlock's entire frame snaps up as if pulled by an invisible string and he looks at me, alarmed. His is the face of one who has just witnessed a ghost.
When I force the detective to sit up later in the day so I can unwrap his ribs, Sherlock actually lets out a little cry of pain, simultaneously gripping my wrist and halting my movements. It is so out of character and takes me so by surprise that I pause what I'm doing long enough to turn away and breathe deeply, tapping down emotions and pulling myself back into doctor mode once more.
"John, I can't...I can't..." The detective is jerking his hips insistently, not sure how much more he can take. "John, please!"
Things are fairly normal for the next few days. We get notified via government car kidnapping that Mycroft is officially in remission. Lestrade calls in with a few cases, and Sherlock selects a few from the blog. Mrs. Hudson hovers, Sherlock complains, and I work interference when it looks like the detective is about to start throwing things.
I hold up a hand. "No, no you didn't." Pulling that same hand down my face, I sigh. "Sherlock, do you want me to move out?"
He watches as the tall one leaves. He knows where he's going and it's only a matter of time before the watcher is found out.
He hadn’t the words out before her door was violently shut and locked from the inside.Music began to blare out from her speakers and John could only stand with his jaw clenched and nose pressed up against the outer frame.
"Maybe he is like you? Doesn’t understand that he’s the type of person the whole rooms eyes fixate upon the minute he enters it.Oblivious to the fact that everyone is absolutely desperate for him to shag them,if he could only notice them long enough to realise it."
Each were left with one half of the stone. Each were separated. Each would have a long and lonely journey back to each other and their home...
My lips merged with his, my arms wrapped around his back and I clung on for dear life, fearing that this would be the one and only time I would be permitted to completely open myself up and to show this man exactly what he meant to me. To show him the depth of feeling that he could stir in me at the most unexpected of moments.
I made my way into the kitchen and was met with a tea tray of biscuits, a vase with a single red rose and a red envelope with dad/John written on it.Intrigued, I opened it and this is what was inside…
Amazing that he can remember what he says word for word really,otherwise I couldn’t have put this in the blog. I was too busy having a complete moment of clarity/internal crisis , to pay full attention to what he was saying.There he was, standing there pleading his case like an accused would to the jury, and all I could think about was that he had just admitted how much he loved and valued me.
This is a magical pebble. When it softens it will transform into the most powerful force on earth. Whoever solves the mystery of the pebble and transforms it, will hold a great treasure in their hands. I give this pebble to you as my gift, in the hope that you might be wise enough to transform it.
"Listen you cock, we are currently sitting in a jail cell for being drunk and disorderly because you thought It was a good idea to go to a crime scene pished to look for clues."
No but my round the clock governmental security team does.Your niece if currently safer and is a higher priority than some members of the royal family.Why do you think this blog has currently been blocked from other users?John didn't think.He advertised her presence at Baker Street.He spoke about how familiar Sherlock was getting with her.How attached.Anyone can see this blog.Including their enemies.I think of these things even if my brother and his partner are too stupid not to!
John not expecting that particular question,felt his words catch in the back of his throat.He suddenly couldn’t find it in himself to answer.He merely nodded Instead.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------MOBILE PHONE CONVERSATION
Did you really agree to go to your death to protect Mary and our daughter? Is Mycroft being a drama queen or is that the truth?-JW
"I’m completely and hopelessly in love with you,you stupid dick.I’m that much of an idiot it took this ridiculous night to force me to face up to my feelings and finally admit it." Sherlock tightened his arms around John and held him like he never wanted to let go.
"Lestrade will get us out of here in the morning you know.We won’t go in front of a Judge.So stop getting your red knickers in a twist about it all."
John shakily rose from his chair and moved slowly along the floor  on his knees until he was resting between his friends legs. He clasped The detective's trembling thighs in his hands and hoisted himself up until they were eye level. When he spoke, he chose to do so by leaning and whispering into the crook of his friend's neck.
You knew that's what I was doing!I thought it had went over your head at the time.When I sobered up I prayed it had!-JW
"Then why did you leave me?Why did you pretend you died?Why did you die on me?I needed you so much in the days after it happened.I needed to see your face so badly and to tell you the things I should have told you when you were alive"
So you are living with that freak properly now are you?And with my niece in tow!Bloody Fantastic John!
Sherlock inched closer to John with every word until it was painfully obvious to them both about where this was now heading.Where this had always been heading.Sherlock slowly and sensually pulled John towards him by his belt and wrapped his arms around him before he replied in his husky baritone voice.
When all I have to go on is the two Holmes I see from the messages in front of me,then yes,I would question a Holmes's  ability in that area!And I  hardly call removing the dead body parts from view and putting the acid higher on the shelf,'baby proofing' the house.
"This stone was one, but your actions made it two. We each have ended up owning a piece of this stone. To transform it, we each must take responsibility for the part we now have. It had chosen to join us back together the very moment you dropped it from the great height. So you must ask yourself why you did that. The answer to that will soften and transform your half of the stone before us."
John turned and sat back down again,resting his head in his hands for a moment and taking a couple of deep breaths before answering.
"I guess over time people can change.Their feelings about things that relate to other human beings can change."
Calm down John.Currently this blog is invisible to everyone other than the four of us.Not even Mrs Hudson can see on Mrs Turner's computer.
"Best to get it over with then,when she is late for bingo and just phoned a taxi.Tomorrow and three cups of tea later,she’d still be here."
You actually dare to question a Holmes's ability to rare a child up from infancy, when the alternative  is a Watson! While my brother was baby proofing the house today,your brother was once again  arguing with a chip and pin machine because his funds are low.
'One day, when the Prince ventured out of his tower to the forest of St. Barts, he met a Knight called Staningford, who was travelling with a fearless young warrior. Sir Stanford told the Prince that the warrior was alone in a new land and needed somewhere to stay. The Prince (who was growing tired of being alone himself) felt unexplainably connected to the warrior and so agreed to let him live and work beside him in the tower.
"TRY TO GET…GET PAST THIS!….Get past the fact that the one person…I ..the one person that…made me feel…that I cared about…was lying in front…you were everything to me do you even…all those memories of dead friends in the war when I saw you lying on that ground…I had nothing when you…so alone and you just…SCREW YOU SHERLOCK BLOODY HOLMES!…You still don’t get it.You don’t get what you did that was so wrong ….you don’t get why it’s such a big deal to me…is still a big deal…you heartless insensitive prick."
"That’s debatable!Lying here, nowhere to escape to,whilst you are going on and on about some sad cases one night stand abandoning her.NOT EXACTLY THRILLING STUFF IS IT?"
After you ‘died’,it wasn’t the running around London late at night that I missed,it was the person whose footsteps I couldn’t hear next to mine anymore.After I got married,it wasn’t the thrill of the chase or the blood pumping trough my veins that I longed for and even dreamt about. It was just you who I desperately wanted to be standing next to,fighting against the injustices of the world.You keep me right Sherlock Holmes and I will remain by your side.Not until the day you decide to hang up your deerstalker and magnifier for good but until the very last day.-JW
It was Sherlock turn to bury his face into the greyish hair of his friend and seductively breathe in his smell.The Doctors body responded by pressing itself intensely closer until each of them ached.His next words came out strained.
John eyed Sherlock in shock for a moment before shaking it away.He slowly stood up and as Sherlock keenly watched,John removed his belt and then his trousers,all the while never taking his eyes off the man on all fours in front of him.When it got to the point for John to remove his pants he stopped.
"Sherlock began to run his tongue all over John’s cock.It was not long before he became very aware of his own need and so decided to problem solve a solution using the cell bed.
John looked miserable and slightly on the edge of something. Sherlock could not quite figure it all out when he was looming this close and staring at him with this much intensity.Sherlock desperately choked back all of his own inner emotions in regards to John Watson,as he uttered his next words to the man who stood heavily breathing and panicking in front of him.
"If he was only wanting to have a one night stand like you deduced,then why would he go into so much intricate detail to get it?If I was looking for a clandestine type one night stand…"
My brother did that because there was a sniper aiming a gun at your brothers head at the time!He 'killed' himself to protect John! Two years in the most dangerous conditions imaginable.All for John Watson.What does that tell you!
If you think you have any sway over the child's  upbringing, then you have clearly been brain damaged through your excessive alcohol consumption.You stand before two men whose friends list includes a dominatrix blackmailer,a head inspector at Scotland Yard,the British government and most worrying for you,a morgue attendant .So I would think carefully before you make such idle threats towards them.I could have you deported or placed in jail in the time it takes for me to make a phone call.
Against all the odds, the Prince and the Warrior eventually did make it back to the tower and to each other.
"They wouldn’t even think about going to those lengths.There are easier ways.There are places online you can go with lots of willing participants."
Sherlock turned his head to John who was looking more and more like he was drowning in the whole conversation.It was either that or the sad expression on his face was him trying desperately to picture the little girl he once knew with the pigtails, comfort blanket and a teddy called Morty ( they had tried to stop her in every way possible but she insisted her teddy was to be called after Moriarty for reasons which were never explained to a sulky looking Sherlock that day).Sherlock was stirred from his thoughts when John roused himself enough to join the present day and focus his eyes back upon Sherlock.
“John, …… I think you should know that even with all of that said the fact remains that I STILL consider myself married to my work…however…”
Sherlock finally stopped trying to talk past Johns mood and addressed it instead.He ceased pacing to loom down at the man lying sleepily on the cell mattress.
John chose this moment to French kiss Sherlocks neck.He could feel the pulse of the man throbbing quickly on the tip of his teeth,as his words and tongue slowly travelled from neck to jawline.
Sherlock helped me to make the last card because he felt that it was very important that you know how much I love and appreciate you. I think that you are the most wonderful father and that you have a very fetching name.Thats why I asked him to help me sprinkle it in pink glitter on the card.
None of this would ever have happened without the interference of Mycroft and Harry.So you could say it's all their doing.The only reason we are together and having lots and lots of mind blowing sex,is because of Harry Watson and Mycroft and their little argument on this computer yesterday.
His eyes remained on her and hers on his.In that instance Cheryl’s expression changed to one of realisation and happiness.John could only wonder what she had saw in Sherlocks expression to invoke that type of response from her.He didn’t have to wait long.
This was of no comfort to the Prince and the Warrior though, who now would have to find their way back to one another. For many long and difficult years they wandered aimlessly alone, finding themself in many difficult situations along the way. Each having their own demons to face and defeat. Throughout it all, they kept their half of the pebble safe and next to their breast.
Finally, when Sherlock averted his eyes to focus on John,he looked at Sherlock with such confusion that it was enough to satisfy him that John had eventually worked it out.
John looked quizzically at Sherlock before managing to successfully regain some of his emotionally repressed self. Less dangerous, Sherlock thought.Safer territory.The doctor leaned back in his chair and silently motioned with his hand for Sherlock to begin the tale.
"Girlfriend? NO!Eight years later. it’s still NOT my area John.That’s always been your department not mine."
John wrapped his hands around Sherlock until they were pressed firmly on his arse and kneading it slowly.He began kissing Sherlocks inner thigh, moving teasingly around the one area that was fast becoming on fire with desperation and desire to be touched.Sherlock ,who had been watching up until this point, slammed his head back against the wall and began looking upwards as if to some divine presence that could be responsible for helping to facilitate all the sensations he was having.He never felt anything like this.What his friend was doing to him was merely stimulating a biological process and a drive inherent in most species when copulating.It should not have felt this wondrous or this satisfying.
"I can’t believe you are both sniffing me right now.This is not normal behaviour.This is a case for the social work department.I’m phoning child line the first chance I get."
Sherlock was standing there giving his big drama queen spiel and all I could think about, was if he knew exactly how much he was loved and valued. Did he know that everything he had done ( particularly in the last three years) was appreciated. The man who stayed up all night and shot holes in the wall, was now ( mostly) going to bed at reasonable hours so he could get up and give Rosie her breakfast in the morning if I had to work a nightshift. The man who had eyeballs in his fridge and forensic slides everywhere, suddenly had spaces full of stuffed toys in his living room and he had willingly put them there.The man who would spend hours on his science of deduction website was now cutting it short to watch YouTube videos about sewing, cooking and how to do braiding, buns and French plaits.I suddenly, in that moment, needed him to know how much he was appreciated for all of that. The only problem with that plan was that there was no time to find the pink glitter and Rosie was down for her afternoon nap. So I had to improvise. I had been moving steadily closer to him during his rant and was mere inches from him when insanity finally took over.
“You’re utterly brilliant, you daft git .You’ve no clue just how funny you are, especially when you are not even trying to be.I haven’t laughed like that in ages.I really needed to laugh like that tonight.It’s just you, Sherlock.You can pull that out of me like nobody else can.That’s why we are here tonight.Sitting alone on these chairs getting drunk together.It’s not because I’m having a mid life crisis or I’m brooding about being a single 50 year old father to a young girl.It’s none of that.It’s because I can’t think of one other place that I’d rather be, tonight or any night, that’s not sitting here, next to this fire, by your side.My mad and bloody brilliant partner in crime.”
"John leave her to calm down.She’ll be a little more reasonable once she’s thought over her actions and the situation in front of her.You have the power to make that her first and last peer group party.She’ll yield."
Oh boys! So that's what all the noise was last night.I thought you were watching one of those late night channel five films with the volume up really loud.I'm ever so pleased for you both, but I think this is one adventure you probably shouldn't have written up a blog entry for John.
The last time Rosie and Sherlock had the paints out, Mycroft had shown up unexpectedly. Rosie accidentally tipped a red paint pot over his fancy shoes and Sherlock gave her a biscuit as a reward. When Rosie toddled over to Mycroft with the splatter painting she had made and offered it to him ( her version of a sincere apology) Sherlock just glared at him until Mycroft reluctantly accepted it. Sherlock took his hesitation as a personal insult to my daughter’s artistic abilities. God help Rosie’s future teachers! I could only laugh as Sherlock demanded that his brother leave, whilst mumbling something under his breath about the painting being better than some of the pretentious rubbish Mycroft had on his walls at home. Funny because it’s actually true!
"Wow...wait a minute Sherlock...That seems a bloody strange way to end this story.What did the warrior do with his half of the pebble? You said the prince was transformed into a better person because he gave the warrior his heart but what did the warrior do when the Prince gave him it? Don't try and tell Rosie that story because she'll pull the place around about her at bed time to find out what the warrior had to say!"
"NO!GOD! WHY SHOULD I?IT’S IMPOSSIBLE TO HAVE ANY PRIVACY WITH ALL OF YOU BREATHING DOWN MY NECK!ESPECIALLY HIM!"
Sherlock smiled and winked affectionately at John’s daughter before bounding across the living room,grabbing his laptop and wandering to the table with his microscope,slides and various specimens.He was glad he couldn’t see Johns face when his daughter spoke her next words. If he had, he was sure he would have saw the Vatican cameos expression fixed there.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock body jumped up more eagerly than his mind would have liked him to, causing John to inwardly laugh. Sherlock pressed himself firmly against John until they were aligned and slowly used his hands to slide Johns pants down,never breaking the closeness except to free him slightly.As he slid them down,he ran his fingers underneath the briefs and along and down Johns bare arse cheeks.He pressed closer into his naked flesh, their cocks teasing and touching one another’s skin, Johns through the red fabric and growing harder again with every press.Sherlock began to kneel in front of John.He smiled as he took John’s pants into his mouth,biting the elastic on them.He began to ping it against Johns skin, sending a jolt of pleasure along his cock every time the material made contact and thudded against it.When he felt he was beginning to exhaust that move, he lowered the red briefs towards the ground with his teeth until they were able to drop unaided.John had been struggling to prevent himself from screaming Sherlocks name repeatedly and so welcomed the chance to finally use his voice when his friend asked a question of him.
"That’s another thing.I’m named after you aren’t I?Cheryl…Sherlock..Another example to add to my,’are my uncle and dad secretly shagging one another?’list.My yes column is bursting to capacity by the way …."
John choked on the whiskey that was soothingly sliding down his throat until that point of the conversation.He was half heaving and half hoarsely giggling, whilst a frustrated and exasperated Sherlock looked on in annoyance.
Anyway, you might still be wondering what happened after my finger print lie forced a confession from Sherlock.He was affronted about the whole situation obviously. Couldn’t look me in the eye. I was (admittedly) being quite wicked about the whole thing.I really enjoyed making him squirm. However, as he gradually became more uncomfortable, I almost felt bad…almost…
When we finally did manage to prise ourselves apart, the room was filled with stunned silence. Neither of us had saw this coming. We spent a good five mins just catching our breaths and staring at one another, trying to work out how we had ended up at this point. It was Sherlock who broke the silence first. He started laughing.He was laughing the way he had done in our very first night together. It felt surreal.It wasn’t the time for laughing, not really.We were the dearest of friends. Our lives together and what we did with them mattered to a great many people. We had just decided to gamble with those lives and things weren’t ever going to be the same again. How could they be? No matter how much we would try and convince ourselves, we had just drew a very final line under the last ten years. What happened from now on would be a new beginning. It had to be. I didn’t feel like laughing was the appropriate response to that. Confusion and being scared shitless was the appropriate response to that. However, Sherlock’s laughter filled the room around us.It was infectious.I began to laugh as well.It was ridiculous.We should have been talking.We should have been working through what just happened.Instead we were standing in the kitchen of 221B Baker Street laughing our heads off.We had nearly ripped the clothes from each other’s backs, that how passionate we had gotten only ten mins before, and now we were standing at a distance with our laughs mingling in the air between us.
Because I knew!I just bloody knew the hold this lunatic had over you.I knew he was always the one.I knew you and him would eventually end up standing here one day like this.Together and all officially domesticated.He's trouble John.I worry about you more now than I ever did when you were in Afghanistan.He attracts trouble.He'll be the death of you.I don't want him to be the death of Cheryl.
"Shut up and listen to me...I'm in love with you, you daft sod! Now in all these bloody stories that Rosie makes me read, there is normally a kiss at the end. Do these characters kiss in your story? Do they enjoy kissing? If they dont, it's okay.It's all fine..."
