It had been Sherlock, who had answered, “Two undercover agents caught some information about a professor in Germany, who had invented new sorts of weapons and was wise enough to sell them to all the different countries. And then the professor had planned different acts of terror and murder to 'ignite the powder-keg' and start the Great War. But he was stopped and one of the agents died whilst killing the professor. It was something with a waterfall, as I recall. The factory, where the weapons were made, were blown to pieces and nothing was left....not even drawings or plans.....and the tension in the world did loosen up a bit...and the 'War to end all wars' didn't happen until 1914, as you all know..”
And Sherlock whimpered because he knew what John wanted to do and the thought sent shivers down Sherlock's spine. John took a firmer grip on Sherlock's arse cheeks, spread them out and stuck his tongue out to taste and lick at the furled hole between them. Sherlock was a bit relaxed already after the enema and it made it easier for John to put his tongue inside. John licked and sucked and Sherlock moaned and lost himself totally as John took Sherlock totally apart by those actions. John enjoyed the power of being able to take Sherlock so much apart by just doing something to such a small part of Sherlock.
John’s present for Sherlock were.... four kilts. Two in the Watson-tartan and two in the Holmes-tartan. Two for each of them.
As John came down from his bliss, he couldn't help giggle, “Oh God Sherlock. You made me come too early....just as if I was a 16 years old horny teenager. Oh you gorgeous man!”
There was silent for a short while and John began to giggle: “Are you offering to “rim” me, Mycroft?”
John turned the drowsy detective around, removed the clamps and kissed Sherlock, who’d moved his hands out of the restraints and hugged John, and kissing him fiercely, and was able to say, “Thank you. Just what I needed.” Sherlock stayed a bit longer in bed while John prepared enemas for both of them. They would have time enough before Mycroft turned up. Sherlock had not wanted any pain relief or after-care yet. He said that he enjoyed the pain too much… At least for a while.
She pointed at Mycroft's crotch, “You are not naturally dark-haired. You are almost ginger. Your pubic hair gives you away...and so do your fair skin and your freckles. Why do you dye your hair?”
“Oh John...that was...that was intense. The most intense orgasm I've had for a long time!”, said Sherlock breathlessly.
Now Sherlock lowered the register of his voice… The tone he knew would turn John on, “To have some rimming while I am cleaner than I’ll be for a while... Sir...”
Rosie dried her eyes and looked at Hamish, who looked so much like Sherlock, “You and I are crazy. Sherlock isn't even dead yet.”
Sherlock turned a bit and was now lying on his stomach and he turned his head and said, “It was hard. My mind wouldn't stop this time. It has never been that difficult to shut it down before.”
The Royal Pardon came late on the 11th of August, a few days earlier than expected, and Sherlock bought a ticket to a plane as soon as possible. He would have to make a shift in Hamburg, but Mycroft told him that he would be fetched by a private plane there, and fly the rest of the way to London to the very airstrip where he had said goodbye to John in January.
“Oh John. Sweetie...don't worry. I was just so worried. Sherlock had really painted himself into a corner this time...too and....
John shuddered: “Do not even mention it!!! And thank you Mycroft.....I thought that “sentiment” wasn’t your area....and yet you are here....comforting me....instead of ruling England!”
And John continued kissing and licking Sherlock’s anus-opening....making Sherlock a total mess. John was actually fucking Sherlock with his tongue.....and it was the most amazing thing John had ever done to anyone. He had to admit that he liked the power he had in bed.....even when he had been fucking women...and even Mary, before he found out who and what she was. In bed he had the upper hand and he had been able to make her beg for the pleasure, he could give....and he had enjoyed it immensely...just as he did now with Sherlock.
“Well. You could fool me Sherlock Holmes, but tell me if I'm wrong. Is it not your cock, a rather erect specimen, that by know is trying to poke a hole in me?”
John smiled his dangerous smile and went over to the couch, “Well, Mycroft. That was a surprise! You’ve always tried to intimidate me. Who’d have guessed that you had this other side to you too?”
Sherlock was now sitting on the couch besides John with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. His hands ruffling through his hair....and he looked a moment bewildered at his left hand as he felt moisture on it and saw the blood. He had re-opened his wound on his head. When he saw that it wasn’t that much he just shrug his shoulders....and John decided not to interfere.....it was not the right moment. So he waited.
Again John took a deep breath and gave Sherlock's hand a squeeze, “...Oh Sherlock, forgive me for all the hurt and sorrow I've caused you. Mycroft showed me the pictures taken by the doctors in Berlin, before they started mending your back.....and then he showed me what my anger had done to you, as you showed up in that restaurant that evening. And I'm so sorry.....so so sorry.”
Mycroft smiled, “She only helps very valued customers...and she insisted on making at least a bit of money on her own, even if it is not necessary.”
Sherlock could hear that John was tired the way his steps sounded as he came up the 17 steps to their flat.
John had thought a bit more about Sherlock’s words and found it strange that Sherlock could not see how beautiful he was and John just wondered if Sherlock never noticed how people turned around to look at Sherlock when he passed by. Both men and women. And Sherlock called his own handsome features “some in-breed quality”...strange...
“Was our dog. Became our dog for many years. Uncle Rudy and aunt Marilyn had asked father and mummy if we wanted her. You were not ...suited...for being with other children, Sherlock. Brilliant, but too emotional. So I was home-tutored and you were too. Maybe because mummy didn't dare to let us out of her sight the first years. And as 'Redbeard' had to be put down, you broke down. At that time I had left for Harrow and you must have been rather lonely. I tried to teach you to make a distance to you feelings, not to care so much...but I realize now that it...it was a shitty advise....”
“Oh John...I'm not reading your mind. I don't have to be a genius to know that you are thinking, what Greg and I are thinking as well. That we all have let Sherlock down by not stopping him on his way to a break-down a bit sooner.”
“You are loosing your ability to deduce that? I've been here long enough to eat your sandwich and read all the reports,“ was Sherlock's answer.
That was the moment where Mycroft came into the room. He had heard the last part of the conversation.
Lady Smallwood had to admit that she would have expected more fight from Mycroft. But he was just soft and pliant and obedient. A bit of a surprise.
The man behind him couldn’t help but admire Sherlock’s body. With his clothes on he seemed almost sinew, but without the disguise of his tailored suits his body-type was revealed - athletic - to some extend even very muscular. Not like a body-builder...more like a dancer or an acrobat. Pure strength.
If just the rest of the Augments had been like Khan Noonien Singh, humans and Augments might have been able to find a peaceful solution. After all: the people under his reign in Central Asia, Middle East and India did accept him as their leader and he was a good leader, who accepted humans as equal leaders beside Augments in his governments and vassal-states. There were no riots and no genocides in his empire. People were killed or put into prison, but it was never unjust.
Sherlock swallowed and closed his eyes, “Not that I’d say no to that, but I’m afraid it’s not enough.”
John woke as the first. He slipped out of the bed and went over to his bags. Time for the morning-gift!
John protested, “I might have saved you a few times. But I've jeopardized your life so many more times: indirectly forcing you to jump and travel around the world...alone and in constant danger, beating you in to a pulp, leaving you when you needed me the most, Mary shooting you, Culverton almost killing you. Do I need to continue? And yet....you keep giving me life and......”
Sherlock saw it and smirked: “Well haven’t you and I waited long enough for each other? My bedroom now?"
“I once had a girl-friend, who would like to explore that a bit. But it was just the softest stuff,...and I couldn't make myself do it wholeheartedly. Mostly because she wasn't honest about it and then I know as much as any doctor should know. I've met some people in my practice, where I came close to putting my pen on the papers to report abuse. One of the wounded men stopped me and said, “
But of course both Hamish and Rosie should have known better. After all it was still 'Sherlock Holmes' and 'John Watson' that they had tried to hide something for. Something that they had never succeeded with as children, and they didn't succeed doing that as middle-aged persons either.
....the real psychopath. Well it could fit on Sherrinford....But oh God, Sherlock. I feel even more guilty now, and I should have seen it in Eurus' stories. It makes so much more sense now...I'm so so sorry...so sorry...”
Sherlock had moved to one of the cupboards that separated the living room from the kitchen and John wondered for a brief moment how those cupboards could have survived the explosion and now Sherlock returned with a glass of whisky in each hand.
Finally they were open towards each other and didn't hide their feelings. They hugged and cried a bit......and Mycroft had a nagging thought in the back of his head, that Sherlock would regret this openness and softness in the morning, when the drugs would wear off...and hate Mycroft for it. But he said to himself that it would be worth it...and he was prepared to 'pay' for it, any way that Sherlock would ask him to do. He owed Sherlock that. To have witnessed how Sherlock would be prepared to die...again...to save both John and Mycroft, that had shaken Mycroft to the core.
Sherlock smiled, “She was one of my best friends...and you know perfectly well where she is and how she is. Why on Earth should we have gotten Christmas cards from her almost every year otherwise?”
Sherlock and John had throttled down the more dangerous cases and weren't doing so much of the actual legwork any-more. Sally Donovan was now DI and Greg had talked about retiring when he turned 60 in a year. After all, Greg was 5 years older than Mycroft, even if he didn't appear to be so.
“High-quality...not that cheep stuff you can buy on the internet or at home-parties” had the blonde man, “Jacques” , snorted and had given them the secret internet address for “professionals”. Oh yes..they were going to have an enjoyable time spending Mycroft’s money on the internet. But not right now. Despite his sexual activity the last 24 hours had been much more than his activities the last months actually, John had an insisting erection in his trousers...and some very nasty plans for Sherlock in their bedroom. Something involving wax, nipple-clamps and the leather-cuffs.
John smiled: “10 minutes....it is my own program. One that the army had developed. It is amazing how much it can do in a very short time. But it is every day!! If you pause more than a week you’ll have to start all over again. There are 10 levels and 30 exercises. I suppose you start at level 1!”
He looked down at his hands. The hands that without even a tool in them, had made people talk and tell their innermost secrets. Or the secrets of the organisation they belonged to. And scream!
As soon as Sherlock was standing solid on his two feet, John rushed to him, grappled Sherlock’s darks curls, dragged Sherlock’s head down and kissed him forcefully. The first second Sherlock hesitated and then he started kissing back with a hunger that even surprised himself. His cane hit the tarmac as he grappled John’s head and kissed him back, bruising their lips and clicking their teeth and fighting with their tongues as if they both simultaneously tried to suck the lives out of each other. They both moaned....
John smiled a small joyless smile and answered as they had settled themselves in two of the chairs: “A broken telephone, a long 10 hour-ride on a train, something you and Sherlock had said and done on repeat in my head and a dream....”
“I want you, John, to wear these garments, together with your kilt. According to the picture included. And notice: just your kilt and socks. Nothing else...apart from these items.”, had Sherlock said.
And he licked at Sherlock's neck, just under Sherlock's ear. He knew it was something that could make Sherlock moan.
“Exactly...and sometimes it helps me solve cases. And the scientists, who have monitored me for years, didn't mind that I 'played' a detective, because it wouldn't interfere with the governmental secrets, which were stored in my mind as well.
During the dinner after the ceremony in the church close to the old Holmes Estate, John found it very difficult to keep his eyes from Sherlock. John had known that Sherlock would be devastatingly handsome in the full Scottish attire, but not that handsome, that gorgeous and that mind-blowing beautiful.
And now John heard the young man stutter again: “Oh my God......”doctor John Watson”........and “Mycroft Holmes”....how incredibly stupid of me. Of course.... you are the John Watson from the blog....the detective working with Sherlock Holmes. Wait a minute. I’ll get my superior...”
And now John and Sherlock were close. So close as John could ever have dreamt about being with another human being. Falling asleep together and waking up tangled together in the middle of the bed. As if they couldn't get enough of each other and needed to touch and get touched in return. In his marriage and in their mutual bed, he and Mary had nicely kept themselves on each their side of the bed. Barely never touching during the night.
“Because there we discovered a gas, making people highly suggestive, easy to manipulate. Just use some specific words...and people's perception of reality is disturbed. And don't tell me that the scientists didn't investigate and develop further in that direction...and that brings me to 'Mary' among other things...”
Now John had enough of it and turned Sherlock around so now it was Sherlock turn to be lying on his back.....and now it was John's turn to nip and lick and kiss all over Sherlock's body as well. First John paid attention to Sherlock's nipples. John licked and nipped and pinched, making both of them into little wet hard buds. The sounds Sherlock made had a direct connection to John's groin as John just marvelled at how sensitive Sherlock's nipples were. Then John continued down over Sherlock's stomach. Licked into the navel and then John paid especially attention to Sherlock's balls and avoided Sherlock's cock totally, even if he could see that Sherlock was desperate for John to use his sword-swallower talents on him.
He felt a strong hand gripping his shoulders.....Sherlock had moved with his usual swiftness and was kneeling behind John on his bed.....and with his strong hands on John’s upper arms: “Don’t you dare to run away...again...John Watson! You wanted to know......and I’m so tired of my and your refusal of “seeing the elephant in the room”. Now is just a good time as ever.....you said that you would listen.....and goddammit, John. You are going to listen now!”
“He did.....and so much more. He started rumours about Sherlock at the university so Sherlock found it increasing difficult to stay there. He had been so much together with Victor and his friends.....had done so much for Victor...stayed up several nights to help him....abandoned his own topics and tests to help Victor...done everything he could to help and was rejected that badly. Victor had no reason to show so much hatred afterwards...but he burned all Sherlock’s belongings about a week after Sherlock’s confession: Sherlock’s violin, his books, his clothes....they had shared rooms and Victor prevented Sherlock from getting his belongings back. Sherlock had stayed by another friend but when he heard what Victor had done, Sherlock left the university that night in his only set of clothes....He had borrowed clothes from others, but he had left them...and his wallet and phone. So he left without money or anything and Gregory Lestrade was the police-man who found Sherlock in an abandoned house together with other addicts. Sherlock was nearly 19 at that time. Thank God my brother had had sense enough not to share needles and had sold his watch and necklace to get money...and had made money the way a pretty young boy can make money in London.....He had been gone for more than two months before we found him.....”
Back in the bedroom again after Mycroft had cleaned himself, he obediently lied down on the bed, face down, blindfolded, and stretched his arms out and above his head. Greg did put the leather-manacles around Mycroft's wrists and attached them to the ribbons that he just put under the mattress. There were of course no rings on the bed for such purposes in this hotel. Not like at home in their own house....in every bed, so they could use them if needed and not just in the play-room. Mycroft's ankles were not bound. He just wore a pair of weighted manacles. The feeling of the weight was enough to ground him.
John lifted his hand and caressed Sherlock's cheek, “Listen, Love. I would not do anything to you, that would make you uncomfortable regarding feelings, that is. But something you have said and mentioned and...oh yes, because I can do that too, observe....I did observe something about you that make me question if you are asexual at all. You have had erections......”
John smiled again, “And after you thought you had lost me too. And a fantasy.....who says that you cant persuade your own mind? Hmm? The question is: do you still want to marry bitter, old, grumpy me?”
John reached for Sherlock and kissed him and Sherlock kissed him back and tried to say something....and finally managed: ”If you are still afraid...then we can get restraints that I’ll be able to get out of. I used something like that in the clubs.....my brain just have to forget that I can!”
Sherlock smiled back, “Well. It was when we first met. He insisted on calling me 'William', even if I insisted that my name was Sherlock. Too much unpleasant mental 'luggage' was connected to that name 'William', but I couldn't tell him. So...I decided that I would call him every variation of male English names starting with 'G' until he called me 'Sherlock'. He did that finally, but then it had become a joke and I just continued, until I realised how stupid it was, and stopped.”
By now John was exhausted and he fell asleep and didn’t wake up until several hours later, now only facing half an hour train-travel before he was back in London.
The two men didn't say anything for a few moments, sipping to their cognac and then John spoke, “Well...who would have thought that the global warming would be so severe!”
“And that were maybe the few, who were able to have sex afterwards. And what they...society and the doctors, did to men like you and me. Gay men. Abhorrent! Prison... Behaviouristic treatments....nauseating injections together with pictures of young naked men. In order to 'reverse' those inappropriate thoughts. And it worked...unfortunately. As did my father's beating of me. I didn't dare to admit my 'improper thoughts' about young men. I was so much in denial, Sherlock and I've hurt you so much. I'm so sorry...”
Mycroft looked at John, now almost sober again: “Something from Sherlock’s past and I’m sorry... I haven’t been fair against you. Judging you as if you were somebody else. Let me explain:.....Sherlock began at the university at a very young age...only 17. And in the 3rd term he met Victor. They were house-mates. You look at bit like him, except that he was taller and of course younger. They became close friends. I think Victor was fascinated with Sherlock because Sherlock was smart! Sherlock would sometimes disappear for several weeks....working on his own projects and then just return and catch up in the topics as if he had only been gone a few hours. Sherlock would even sometimes correct the teachers......And when I found out about you and Sherlock....I sort of confused you with Victor. I doubted your motives for being with Sherlock. I kept on doubting your motives. Even when you shot that cabbie. Even if you saved Sherlock’s life at several occasions....And then....Moriarty....Sherlock had to jump. You seemed to mourn him deeply and there I realized that I had got you wrong. Sherlock returned but you had moved on...cooped and had found Mary. And there I started doubting you again!”
When she came to her senses, she looked at Mycroft. He was shivering. Obediently holding his hands up above his head. He must be thankful for the cuffs as they helped him maintain the ordered position. But she had gone too far.....she had gone lost in her own pleasure. After all, this was a punishment and not about giving the sub his pleasure and allowing him to enter sub-space. But......Mycroft was bleeding. There were places where the cropping-lines had crossed, and blood was dripping down his body. She had betrayed his trust in her....
*THE FIRST 4 WORDS IN YOUR MESSAGE WOULD HAVE BEEN ENOUGH, JOHN. I LOVE YOU, TOO! AND I’M COMING HOME. AS SOON AS I’M ALLOWED*
“I don't know. If he didn't represent a danger to me anymore? When he ruined Eurus and me.....and our families. He did ruin himself too, didn't he? I would like him to know the terrible consequences his actions had. But killing him? Would it give us an intact Eurus? An undamaged me? I hate him with all my heart, but I don't want to use my life finding him, so I could have my revenge.....And by the way. I'm happy that 'Moriarty' was just one hell of an actor, because now I can finally get him out of my head. He did scare the living shit out of me!”
And John did understand and knew it had something to do with Sebastian. John had only asked once, if that was the case and Sherlock had just nodded. And John had respected that Sherlock didn't want to tell about it. John just said, “One day I think I would like to find that arsehole and give him the beating, he deserves!”
“No...not really. Well obviously, since she got pregnant. But I'm as gay as it gets and so is she. She lives in Berlin with her wife...Kate...and has done that for long time. Everybody around them just assume that they had help from a donor.”
But let us just play “what if”.....if I hadn’t loved your brother and really wanted a romantic and sexual relationship with him in the future....if I had been totally heterosexual and in no way interested in men or in Sherlock for that matter.....I would still have considered him as my best friend and would have done everything I could have done not to hurt him.....not that I haven’t done that involuntarily by being so stupid and blind......but I would never have used such ugly words to describe him. I’m not homophobic.....I wouldn’t be that with that sister of mine! And I most certainly wouldn’t have beaten him!....... But I suppose that was what Victor did to Sherlock?”
“But...but. Mary was dead at that time?!...I saw her die. And for no reason at all, I felt it was your fault. I'm so sorry that I was such an arsehole! And who was that Eurus, who spoke at the island?”
And John had to drink the rest of his cognac to calm down. No wonder Mycroft had always been so...peculiar. How could he have been normal, whatever that would be. How could he have been that with such a shitty childhood?
John smiled again, “I'm here because you are no longer in the hospital. You are in a private flat. It wasn't safe there....in the hospital. So we moved you.”
John just nodded. Remembering his own childhood. “Yeah. It sucks, right? But your parents? They seemed so ...normal.”
And as John finally wrote an SMS to Sherlock's number on his new phone (the old one was lost at Musgrave...in the well) and he got an answer back that he was welcome, but that the flat still needed some repair, John felt both anxious and relieved.
He had to take a few deep breaths to prevent himself from coming there in the cab and then he smiled back and showed what was in his sporran too, “I haven’t worn my pants either!” he said with his deepest voice...the voice John used to describe as “a cello covered in dark chocolate.”
And it wasn't really a surprise as they decided to get married. And there were no laws against that. Genetically they were not siblings and they were not that either in the eyes of the law, since Hamish on paper was Mycroft's son. Hamish had explained that he would have so much trouble finding a wife that could match him intellectually seen, and Rosie's argument was the same.
John was managing too. After John had been hauled up from that well, after Sherlock and John had arrived back into London again and Rosie had been fetched from her day-care-family, John had tried to figure out what on Earth had happened. He felt that this whole Eurus-affair had been....'strange'... to put it mildly and now he just tried to find a balance in his life. Work and Rosie. Rosie being at her day-care-family, who was ready to take her with short notice, if John got called by the clinic on short notice....and in case Sherlock would call. But Sherlock never called. And the same day-care-family was sometimes a 'night-care-family' or right after Mary had died, they had been a 'week-care-family' too. Ready to take Rosie for a longer period of time...if necessary. As they had just done when John was blown up and had gone to that island. But right know John was...coping....managing.
Mycroft shook his head, “The authorities, the doctors and the scientists, still did agree...in the early 80ties.. that the best way to get a child over a trauma was never to mention it..”
John bent forward and whispered in Sherlock's ear, “You are not afraid of that dark side of me? That side that is an army doctor...who can break every bone in your body, whilst naming them! I am a dangerous man!”
He took Sherlock’s head between his hands and kissed Sherlock on his forehead: “Love, Sherlock....listen. You are not a slave...and I do not own you. Hell...this is more about your needs than mine....even it I would not say no to a blowjob. But you can call me my name or “sir” or even “captain”...if we should play a role-play....and I was me who started it, I know. And the usual “green”, “yellow” or “red” could prove themselves useful as safe-words. But forget that arse Victor, whom I suppose to have insisted on you calling him “master”.....do you hear me, Sherlock?”
They had begun that conversation about 'not leaving eachother' many years ago. Actually as they moved to Sussex. It had been one of their first early summer mornings, where everything had been perfect: the sun relatively warm, the smell of flowers strong and the view over the garden and the fields flawless... and they had been sitting outside eating breakfast. John had sighed contently and had said, “This is Paradise.”
I had just stopped working for the facility in 2052, as I heard rumours about the facility in India, but I didn't manage to travel there until the company, I worked for at that time, did send me there. This time it was in the capacity as a biologist and in order to make better crops. Especially better rice. An enhanced version of 'golden rice' with even more resistance against a virus that had threatened that new version of rice. And a wheat that would be more resilient to frost and thus being the ideal crop in the northern and mountain-rich region of India.
As soon as she removed it...and Mycroft gave a hiss again as the sound did slide out of his urethra, his cock began to swell. And Lady Smallwood could see that not only was Mycroft a 'shower', that is a man whose cock is impressive even in flaccid condition, but he was a 'grower' as well. As soon as his erection had appeared, Lady Smallwood could see that Mycroft Holmes possessed a rather impressive male organ. Not in the league of a John Watson, but certainly above average. And with a very nice shape. A bit curved and with that slightly 'mushroom'-shaped head that could drive both men and woman wild as they were fucked.
John tried to interrupt, but Sherlock hushed, “No...he is. At planning cunning intrigues. At fooling others, including me. At arranging and manipulating...and at not feeling so much. Maybe I should start there....”
It is a very old saying from the Victorian times, where army-doctors were not regarded as 'real doctors'. Seen with modern eyes an army doctor would be a better surgeon than a normal doctor, but both of them would be a catastrophe in a modern hospital now a days. At least they had left the idea about healing people with blood-letting and enemas. But seen with modern eyes the doctors had very few means to heal people and had to rely on people's own abilities to heal. We have travelled a long way since then.”
One might have expected that Greg was the next in line. After all he was 6 years older than Mycroft and he had to have a pace-maker too. But it was Greg, who phoned Sherlock one morning in February 2060 to tell him that his brother had died peacefully in his sleep at the age of 89 years. Both Greg and Mycroft had managed to stay in their own home. They were rich enough to pay for help, even if Mycroft, with Greg's blessing, had used a lot of money on his 'save knowledge' project.
“What are the rules?”, demanded Sherlock to know as they walked through the wall of golden sunlight and into a foreign landscape, that looked a bit like the landscape around their village in Southern England. The golden sunlight was all over the place.
John frowned and tried to understand, “But Sherlock, it doesn’t make any sense. If she still is so damaged, how could she pretend to be that woman on the bus, 'Faith' and the false therapist....and Eurus spoke at that island, even if it must have been a false island, a theatre-scenery. She talked to us. Taunted us.”
Of course Mycroft had taken care that Mary had been hospitalised in one of the best private hospitals in London as soon as his minions had reported about the accident, since they always kept an eye on Mary. Not to keep her safe, more just to keep an eye on her. Mycroft knew what she was capable of and just wanted to be sure where she was all the time. Mary pretended not to know and actually she found it rather reassuring having somebody to keep an eye on her, at least when she knew about it.
They got easily enough out of the duct-tape. It is after all just a question of technique. And with their hands freed and without blindfolds, they were sitting there on the floor on a filthy mattress and waiting for the drugs to wear off. Leaning up against each other and trying to figure out, why they had been abducted, when there were so many more important persons present in that hall and to that meeting.
Lady Smallwood smiled, “I admit that your brother could have been the living model for a Greek God or Michelangelo's 'David'...except that that statue does have a very small penis and Sherlock's face is so much more beautiful. But that is the problem, isn't it?. He is too much: too intelligent, too pretty, too handsome, too gorgeous and that make people hate him and push him away. Everybody would assume that he, being model-gorgeous, would be out of any person's league. It is better now...as he has aged. He doesn't quite look like an angel or a elven-prince any more. He looks more.....obtainable. You...on the other hand...are a very handsome man, Mycroft Holmes, and the only reason why a lot of people haven't already proposed to you, is that you emit so much coldness as if you were the whole Antarctic Continent. I've looked behind that defence a long time ago......but I was married. And you have still not answered my question: why did you dye your hair? And what was that with 'M'?”
“Well, Sherlock...it would be a bit difficult to punish you...if I wanted to do that...Or would it be a punishment
So now they were again sitting in the living room in Sherlock's flat. They sat in silence. Sherlock thinking and John just waiting. Sherlock had asked John to wait a bit, because Sherlock had to sort out his thoughts, before he would be able to explain.
And then Sherlock understood, “You are afraid that it might trigger something or that you might overstep my boundaries? That is why you have avoided...anything?”
And one thing more: the disease was unfair. It did affect men more than woman and except from infants, it did hit harder on grown ups than on children and just like AIDS had done, it left villages and cities with grandmothers, a few mothers and children and not so many men.
And he knelt down beside Sherlock's dead body and caressed his pale face, “I'm so sorry, Love, for not finding you in time. This time it was me letting you down. I'm so sorry......”
But she found it impossible to forgive Mary, “She could have killed me with that blow to my head. And she killed the guard!”
“I do intend to keep my foreskin. There is so much sensation lost by a circumcision.”, had Mycroft said.
Mycroft looked at his brother. The ….things....they had done to him. So much worse than Serbia. And that had been bad enough. Mycroft shifted a bit. His whole body was sore, with multiple welts and wounds and his right foot did hurt badly. Not unbearably, because the tourniquet around his leg, just under the knee, prevented that he would loose too much blood and numbed the leg a bit as well. Mycroft knew too well that such a tourniquet had to be removed from time to time in order to prevent gangrene. But he might risk 'crushing-syndrome' if he allowed the blood to flow back into his body from the injuries on his foot and lower leg. Better loosing a leg than loosing a life.
And she turned and looked at him, and caressed his cheek, “I really should have married you. This was the best sex, I've ever had.”
“Stop and come up here....I want you to fuck me. Hard...I have thought about how it would be to have that big fat cock of yours inside me, since I saw how it was shaped. So fuck me, Mycroft Holmes!”
Sherlock snuggled closer to John and explained further on what had happened that day when he was 16.
John returned to London the next day...carrying two boxes of the finest tea in the world. And an envelope that showed that he was to be “Sir John H. Watson”
“Oh, I bet that the scientist in you liked the challenge and that you even provided the lady with a few improvements!”
And then Sherlock pointed at Mycroft, “And you made my brother into an incompetent and weak man. Mycroft who...even if I hate to admit it....still had the skills and bollocks to get me out of Serbia. To do leg-work...even if I still find it a bit difficult to forgive him that he allowed the thug to beat me that much, before he intervened in that dungeon in Serbia.”
The only continents, that didn't follow that pattern was Australia and the biggest part of Africa. The countries north of Sahara followed that pattern though. The countries there had been military dictatorships for a long time. But South of Sahara the countries were almost left on their own to deal with their own problems. As it turned out it was a blessing. But not for the first years. There were countries where more than half of the population were under 15. Not even rich countries in the rest of the world would have been able to give such a vast group of young people a promise of a bright future with educations and jobs. That made a desperate bunch of young people, who were ready to do anything for a bit brighter future. Para-military groups emerged. Both young men and women were recruited and they were ready to work for everybody, who could pay a decent, or even a not so decent salary. With no regard for former borders. In those military groups a friendship across gender and ethnic groups did grow. The foundation for future cooperation, that would be very much needed.
“If she is around...and she often is.... Then she’ll take care that I eat something a bit more healthy...and then I have cakes smuggled in afterwards. Even if I think...no.... I know....that she knows!”
“For God's sake. We still need to talk. This flat is still partly inhabitable, but we can return tomorrow. You've just told me that Mycroft is exactly as shady and ominous as I thought him to be as I saw him the first time.....and I would like to have some more time to talk to you. Please, Sherlock? There is room enough for you in my flat. Even a spare mattress, and food in the fridge. And right now Rosie is at her day-care-family and I have no intention of picking her up so late. So...please?”
His T-shirt and pyjama-trousers was carefully removed...he had no pants on.....and John just turned his back to him and handed him his old blue silk gown with his head turned away.....and Sherlock thought: “Oh my...is my body that repulsive?”
Mycroft protested, “You have several roles yourself, John. That duality is in you as well. 'Doctor' and 'soldier'. 'Healer' and 'killer'. So why are you so puzzled by finding such a duality in others, too? Deep down I think that is what attracted you to Sherlock...and later 'Mary' despite her drugging of you. Duality. Yin and yang. The biggest difference is that you wear the cuddly and nice and big-hearted doctor on the outside and the dark, cruel killer hidden inside. Sherlock did the opposite: cruel and aloof on the outside and his big heart hidden deep inside him.”
Mycroft had pushed a piece of paper towards Sherlock, “Here is a transcript of the mail from the leader of “Eurus' Writer's Association”. They still struggle a bit with the translations of her last books, because she still find it difficult to understand that people can't understand more than 20 languages. But the man, the leader, has told me that her works over the years had gone less Gothic....less Lovecraftian. More towards Ray Bradbury, if you know what I mean...”
Harry, now 2 years sober and in relationship with Clara again, delivered the 'Best man's speech'. Not as long as Sherlock's speech at Mary's and John's marriage and not preventing a murder whilst doing it. But beautiful made and spoken. And Sherlock's and Mycroft's father held another speech. Not long, but from the depth of his heart, expressing how proud he was of the fine husbands his sons had found to share their life with. Something that both he and his wife sort of had lost hope about ever happening.
Mycroft looked at Eurus with his one eyebrow lifted, “And even if I acted a bit heroically and a rather stupidly, by teasing Sherlock into shooting me instead of John near the end, I can assure you that I would not vomit by the sight of a man's brain distributed on the wall. Nor would I have refrained from fighting the security, as they apprehended us. Nor would John or Sherlock. I know their skills. What they...and I...are capable of. Believe me, Eurus. We would have fought.”
Mycroft could hear that Sherlock tried for playfulness, but he could hear the tension in Sherlock's voice after all too, and decided that he would give Sherlock, what he wanted....or at least close to his asks.
Mycroft spoke, “Sherlock wanted to know if we would wait for the younger generations ...but we are not going to wait any more. It is time to move on. We just waited for you, Sherlock...and you and John were so obstinate to be rather old men before you died!”
“Who would care?!!”, Sherlock almost shouted, being a bit surprised himself how violently he reacted.
John shook his head, “If the way you behaved is anything to go by, I would find it rather nightmarish to know that your brother could go on a frenzy, like you did. If your caning of him...or flogging or cropping...well even if you had fucked, I have a feeling that the world would be a much more unsafe place, if you hadn't. No...I'm not appealed.”
The last part was moaned as John finally took mercy and stuck one lubed finger up Sherlock's arse and finally put his mouth around Sherlock's leaking cock-head. That John had Sherlock's balls in his mouth and by that close to his teeth and potentially was able to hurt Sherlock...well that spiked Sherlock arousal. Sherlock liked it very much when John was in charge....so very much. And the easiest way to make John go into that dominant mode, was to start out rather dominant himself. John would accept that for a short time and then he would take charge....just as Sherlock wanted it. And now Sherlock just surrendered and let John do what ever he wanted to. Except....Sherlock could always beg. And he did now, “John...Jooohn. Please. I'm ready.....please!”
And then he stopped talking and Mycroft said, “He is still drugged. I'll keep an eye on him. And if you can forgive me, then you can forgive John as well. All of us.....if you can't, it is understandable. But you must give him time...”
John, Sherlock and Rosie settle down at Baker Street. And life gets new routines. But Sherlock has hidden two big secrets from John and he is so afraid that they might ruin everything...
John eased the nozzle into Sherlock’s opening and administered the lukewarm water and ordered Sherlock to maintain that position until John came back. Walking into the living room, John set the timer and began to read. Sherlock would feel humiliated, being given an enema, especially if John left him alone and Sherlock would not know when John would return. Sherlock would just have to endure the treatment. And he would enjoy every minute of it!
“What an idiot and arse I have been, Sherlock. Please forgive me for being such an arse. But...you were caught in Serbia, weren't you? And they did....torture you? And Mycroft had to do something to get you back....”
And then the tingling increased in Sherlock. The strange feeling continued to build and build and..... a forceful shudder rippled through Sherlock's body and he slumped down on the mattress. Almost boneless.
And life continued: Rosie attended the same school as Hamish when she was 9. She had impatiently awaited until she would be old enough. She had visited the school so often and it was so inspiring and giving and even if she would be one of the youngest, she would in no way be the less intelligent. She would finally be able to 'stretch her wings' and use her full potential, being at that school . And John and Sherlock could see how she enjoyed her stay and Hamish could report that Rosie had shown no signs of homesickness.
“For sawing a soldier in Afghanistan many years ago. You see. Some people...in their dying moment. If they are believers, and you never stopped believing, John Watson, even if you thought that you were never heard....some people pray that intensively, that their prayers go right through. Without all the paperwork. And since your 4
John let out a breath, that he wasn't aware that he had kept inside. No of course, Sherlock wouldn't harm innocent people...
Greg smiled, “Remember history lessons? How civilisation had to start from scratch after the library in Alexandria burned down? Or how civilisation after all managed to keep just a minimum of knowledge after the Roman Empire broke down, because the monks thought books to be sacred even if they were written about forbidden topics? And they kept the books in the monasteries. Keeping a lot of knowledge to be found, when humans were ready again. Modern computers are a terrible way to store things. Find a way to save knowledge, Mycroft. Find a way to communicate without satellites, find a way to protect yourself and our family if or when the war comes. A way for a lot of families...and we'll rise again, when the sun shines again. And now...bathroom and enema before I take you apart.”
They thought that he still believed them to live in London, but as Hamish talked to his father Sherlock that June-morning, Hamish realised that Sherlock had known for a long time that they had all moved to live in Scotland. In the beginning just for the summer, but since 2067 on a permanent base. London was not a good place to live any-more. Too many things didn't function any longer and a minimum of functioning subways and electricity and public services should work, if people should be able to live and work there.
Sherlock smiled: “Well...it is the benefits of living in a metropolis. There are all sorts of clinics.....saloons. I’m having my crotch waxed every week.”
Sherlock looked worried at John....was that the moment where John would tell him that he...heterosexual John...would have second thoughts?
“And that is the stagnation-situation right now in so many countries, as far as my information goes. Super-soldiers against super-soldiers. The third World War is happening right now......it is just in 'encounters' and small attacks...and letters send between diplomats. Secret attacks on key-positions. Attacks that can be denied on both sides, so the public actually do not know anything. Just.....private organisations is now military organisations...like the internet, like a lot of our means of communication. And it had been like that for years. But now the military is abandoning their bases near the cost. Shouldn't it be regarded as a warning?
And then John continued, “More than a year ago I had the perfect wedding. Everything was perfect, despite one big thing: I married the wrong person!”
Sherlock looked at John, “But remember that they once thought that blood-letting could cure every disease. That quicksilver and mummy-dust were real medicine and that humiliation could cure insanity.”
Sherlock smiled, “My feet weren't that bad. They were healed perfectly when we walked the moors around Baskerville. I was fine, John. Really..”
As John descended the train in London, he spotted an ominous figure standing on the platform. Not that the person itself was scarring, but his presence was! That he had found out that John was on that train and which time he would arrive in London just showed how much power Mycroft had. But not enough power to safe Sherlock!
After ten strokes on each side, Sherlock's buttocks were red and warm and Mycroft put the crop away and pushed a padded low stool close to the cross. He knelt on it, behind Sherlock, and grappled those a bit sore buttocks and spread them out so Sherlock's hole got more accessible, Mycroft bowed a bit forward and licked a long broad stripe from Sherlock's balls up over his hole and back again. Sherlock gasped at the sensation. Mycroft rose and adjusted the cross even more and Sherlock's legs were even more spread out, so much that Mycroft didn't have to spread the arse-cheeks and Mycroft began in earnest to fuck Sherlock with his tongue. Sherlock moaned and panted and tried to push his arse further back into Mycroft's face, but he couldn't move because of the restraints, and finally he just accepted, that he couldn't move and stopped trashing around.
And I was inspired a bit by 'De ti herskere' (Translated into 'The Ten Rulers' ) by Christian Moerk. I don't think it has been translated into English. But it is a conspiracy story about a group of people secretly ruling the world)
Sherlock closed his eyes and Mycroft just said, “I'll tell them. I promise. I'll tell them.......and I love you, Sherlock. I love you so much....”
“Since I have no intention of inserting a..a lifebuoy through the piercing, I think that the already bought jewellery is of the right size.”, had Mycroft answered and had given it a brief thought why people would insert such big rings. The answer could be: because they could? Just like taking the challenge of getting a big butt-plug up ones arse? Extreme sensation? And who was he to judge others, when he had tried bigger and bigger sounds.
John only stopped for a moment as he pushed the head of his condom covered cock against Sherlock's hole...and then he continued in, in one long gliding moment. Stretching Sherlock the last part with the size of his cock. Sherlock was tight, but John had prepared him well enough, even if it hadn't been a gentle preparation, and Sherlock's body accepted the intrusion with only a slight feeling of stretch and burn and then John started moving his cock in and out of Sherlock.
“Do you know what you do to me, lying there....moaning? I'm tempted to keep you here as a fuck-toy. As a slave...tethered to the wall. You are so god-damned handsome and should never be allowed to wear clothes! Oh God...I should have married you!"
“I wasn't Mycroft Holmes. His brother. I was someone else. Let me show you, just as I showed John”, said Mycroft and his whole facial and bodily expression did alter right in front of Greg's eyes and suddenly it was another man sitting there in front of him. And Mycroft made the same 'performance' as he had done in front of John.
(And the thing about doctors giving their female patients orgasms, and the 'Rectal dilators', was not something, I invented. It really was the truth, I promise.)
There was silence for a few seconds. And finally Mycroft spoke, not insulting John by pretending that it wasn’t the truth, but now nearly sober. The adrenaline surging to the surface by John’s “accusations” had sobered Mycroft up.
John smiled back, “There is still some time left before I'll have to call him. You said 'satisfied'......did that have another meaning too?”
Sherlock looked at him in confusion, “Why are you here? And no...I'm not in pain...only mentally. But I'm very tired...”
In the cab on their way to the hotel where they would spend their 1st night as a married couple, John smiled devilishly and showed Sherlock what was put in his sporran: his pair of pants and Sherlock moaned and reached in between the layers of John’s kilt to find his newly waxed balls and a bit surprisingly an almost flaccid cock.
John interrupted: “I had a suspicion that Moriarty’s return had something to do with “the uncrowned king of CCTV”...you!”
“No. But you would not have remained as Sherlock's flatmate. I thought that you two would have figured it out sooner. But I suppose that my...untimely and ill-fitting and disastrous plans with Magnussen ruined everything?”
John looked around: “If everybody is ready?” and they all held hands as the light around them grew stronger....
Mycroft smiled and pointed at his erection, “Does it honestly look as if I'm not enjoying myself? The only thing that was a real punishment in all this, was the cage. And it was a weird and nevertheless interesting feeling to have that sound in.”
“Nonsense....well, not the after-care. But John. We have never...you know he isn't gay...and I'm not sure that he'll ever want to see me again. I miss Rosie so much, but think of what John accused me of? And now his self loathing and denial would send him even further away. No, Mycroft...that ship has sailed.”
“Okay?”, Greg asked and what he really meant was 'are you still in need for submission or was what I gave you enough?'
He shook his head, “That she had worked for Moriarty, was something I told you...and you were in no condition to go to Baker Street. You couldn't even leave your bed..”
Sherlock looked a bit embarrassed, “I remember that and I remember that I only had intended to use such a little amount that it could be traced...and 'feed' Magnussen's suspicion that I was using again. But it was too tempting and I used too much...”
Mycroft's voice trailed off and he looked at John, before he continued, “I've done both of you so much damage. I felt there and then that I owed you. I still do, John!”
“Well...let me put it this way.” said Mycroft: “They had no choice and they know that they owe me and England a lot...let’s say for the next 50 years. We didn’t hesitate to tell them about the planned assassination of the American president, but they’ve withheld information for years. That is history now. I would just so much have liked to know all this about Mary before you married her.....and those blasted Americans knew about her then. Not much...but enough to have prevented all this misery. They are not in doubt now...I can assure you both that very powerful persons are indeed very displeased about their silence. Some are going to lose their jobs!”
What the contents told was that the 'creature' 'Thomas' had disappeared out into the moors and had apparently lived there as a shepherd. He was never discovered by Victor Baskerville.
was still alive, when my brother apparently despised and hated me so much, that he had almost zero regard for my safety. And had cooperated with one of the most despicable villains, who had ever lived, to ruin my life....and kill others..”
And he rolled his shoulders, “....I'm not that hurt.... bodily. Are you serious? About my punishment? Because I think I got off the hook rather easily.”
John put his head down on Sherlock's chest and took a firm grip around Sherlock's torso. Sherlock's right hand moved and ended up resting on John's back.
Sherlock scanned John's face and said slowly, “You actually think about how my brother look without clothes on.......and...”
Mycroft shuddered: “I’m not scarred...I just regret my promise to you. I didn’t know you were a sadist! Very well. You have heard how Sherlock had teased me with my weight.....and in my first year at the university he witnessed how I gained more than 15 kg...Add that to a young man who wasn’t as slim as I am now!”
And then they tried to talk at the same time too, both stopped and John managed to say, “You first...” a fraction of a second before Sherlock said it.
She paused and looked at the man in the bed. She had come to admire him, and she deeply regretted, that she had once tried to kill him. Maybe it was time to confess that now?
She pressed Mycroft's erection up against his stomach and pushed him gently so he now was lying on his stomach without getting his cock trapped the wrong way by his body-weight.
“And have eruptions, but not as big as in 79, but still kills people. And I'm not talking about a force of nature. I'm talking about conscious decisions made by humans....and deeds done years ago that now lead to disaster.”
Sherlock smirked and said, “I know. That’s why - if you were not too tired to be observant - you’d notice that it is
John had enough of Mycroft’s overly diplomatic approach, and he had to stop himself from shouting at Sherlock’s brother, but he kept his voice stern, but measured “Mycroft! Damnit! You aren’t talking to politicians and don’t have to weigh every damned word. Use the right words! Sadist… Masochist. It’s as if you’re ashamed! But it is not shameful to be a sado- masochist. As long as it is safe, sane and consensual! Sherlock and I have both accepted that you watch us… If we had a real problem with that we’d have destroyed every damned camera! Is that understood?”
Mycroft took a deep breath, “Sherlock managed to stop the bomb about 20 seconds before it would have exploded. When Sherlock discovered the empty wagon, well, empty besides several hundreds of kilos of hidden explosives...and a bomb, there was not even time enough for him or John to escape. Sherlock later told me that he didn't even know if the bomb had been a booby-trap and if it would have exploded, as he tried to switch it off.”
“I know. I just closed my eyes....and I did neglect her. The little extra time I had, I used that mostly on my daughters.”
He smiled again, “Not that I do mind, that you are as handsome, as you are now. But you were handsome and fascinating as chubby Mycroft too. It was more your mind than your body, that I appreciated....'Sapio-sexual', you know.”
He could feel that Sherlock moved and he turned so he could look into Sherlock’s face: “Morning love....or rather “late afternoon”........I’m starving. Should I order something?” John asked.
“OK. Well...this happened when I was 16. I was home for my summer holiday. Mycroft was 23 and was living at our parental home again, for a short notice. He had finished his education at Oxbridge. Was only lacking his last exams and had cleared his rooms at the university and was waiting for his flat to be available. He was really going to 'occupy a minor position in the government' then. But as you might have guessed it would not be for long. Aunt Marjorie had plans for him, but he would still have to make a few years of 'legwork' before she would finally accept, that even if he was one of her best agents in the field, Mycroft would be so much more of use here in England. At that point I was chosen to take his place. They thought us to be so similar in every way, because he had taught me well and everybody did believe, including me, that I could detach myself from my feelings. It turned out to be a mistake. Well, back to the summer when I was 16. And discovered something surprising about myself...and Mycroft as well.
Mycroft looked serious, “And why Putin did try to intervene. A lot can be said about that man and his view upon human rights, but he has no interest in having a moron as president in the United States.....and Pence is even worse. An intelligent idiot...the worst kind. But it takes time to prove the fraud and we can't regrettably not intervene. Not yet.”
Sherlock continued, “And she came to the hospital and ordered me not to tell you. She had given me a chance by not shooting me in my head. But she still wanted me dead....just doing that so slowly that she would have time to make you hate me....”
“I only make the same mistake once. And it was a huge mistake to shoot you, Sherlock.”, said Mary, “And I think I've made amends by saving your arse afterwards, haven't I?”
John took a deep breath and reached out for Sherlock and Sherlock placed himself in his favourite position with his head on John's chest.
John paused a bit before he continued, “I know that I've hurt him so much. Beyond all reasonable limits. I've pushed him away. Neglected him. Abandoned him. An explanation, not an excuse, take that in mind!....was that Mary had drugged me. But if her ideas hadn't found just a tiny bit of hatred and negativity against Sherlock to put their claws into, they wouldn't have been able to take root in me. I can't express how ashamed I am, Mycroft. I had the finest gem-stone in my hand and I choose to throw it away. And yet....Sherlock loves me. And as you said: I would harm him even more by not accepting his love. So I do...happily, even if I in no way deserve such a gift. I just love him more and more. And I'm so happy that he would accept to marry me and that brings me to the next reason for me to contact you..”
And it was Sherlock who answered after having looked into the similar folder Mycroft had given him: “Because she was that skilled and had powerful allies!”
Greg came stumbling out and looked at the welts too, “I'll apply some more cream, if you want it.” he said and Mycroft was glad that Greg didn't apologize. There was no need for that.
As Mycroft and Greg turned left on the top of the stairs, Sherlock and John turned right towards their suite.
“Nonsense....you have never been young, Mycroft. I’ve always imagined you being born in a three piece suit and with an umbrella!”
“Because of Mary and her drugs. She was somehow still working for Magnussen or just on her own. Making preparations for her 'retirement'......marrying the 'nice doctor' and settling down. And still remembering to 'burn my heart out'...”
Sherlock had explained, “They will...over time....loose their strength....so we'll have to use more than one. It is painless and will just stop your heart.”
“Well. That science fiction story together with my medical journal from Baskerville, made me think and investigate further. Why was I called 'embryo D'? Had there been an 'A', and 'B' and 'C' as well? And the results are here John.” and Sherlock pointed at the stack of journals on his bed table.
“Not only me. A lot of others too. So that was the motive behind that murder. It wasn't innocent doings that the little Carl did in his spare-time. It was pure and simple tyranny and no one dared to say anything or do anything. And the grown-ups didn't notice or didn't know what to do about it. Carl made the school-days into a living night-mare for a lot of children.....including me.”
“I was different persons those almost 2 and a half year, John. I couldn't travel as Sherlock Holmes, could I? I was 'Björn Sigerson', a somewhat dubious person from Norway, ready to work for the highest payer, most of the time. But I was 'Roberto Datolli', a chef that worked for the 'Cosa Nostra', and 'Johann Mueller', a German free-lance computer-expert, too, just to mention a few. I wasn't running for my life all the time. It was just near the end of those two and a half year, that things got muddled and I was caught.”
“It didn't fit, did it John? Jumping through the windows before the explosion? We would have been injured by the window-frames and the glass. It is only in film that you can jump unharmed through a window. Actually, glass is relatively solid. And jumping as the explosion would have blown the windows out? In that case we would have been injured by the explosion. Burned at least on our backside and have been harmed by landing on the street from the first floor. Lacking hair, burned clothes and burn-wounds and broken limbs. But we just slumped down on the floor, Mrs Hudson was sedated too and found herself in an ambulance and was told that Baker Street had been partly ruined. At least my flat and she was send to her sister's to live for a while. She 'bought' it too, thanks to the sedation and a small amount of drugs to her too.”
And Greg gave him another...and another. At number four Mycroft moaned and began to rut against the sheet.
“I just doesn't want to live like that any more. The poisoning is fine. I don't mind dying “, explained Sherlock, “Nothing makes sense. I have so many layers of realities. Mary was in Morocco, disguised with a black wig and I was there, and you were shot and thrown in a well. Why should I have such memories? What was the point of giving me false memories of a birth in a tunnel, Mary in Morocco just to mention a few. What was the point? It made no sense...except that I had lost my only asset....my mind. And at that point I didn't even have the memories of Mycroft doing
Mycroft looked at Sherlock and said with a firmness in his voice, “Enter, Sherlock. I will restrain you, but not in the position with too much tension on your shoulders. Not for too long.....and I choose the crop instead of the cane. You asked for submission. So I'm in charge and I decide. Let go Sherlock. I've got you...”
As John began to apply the cream on the welts on Sherlock's buttocks, a surprisingly strong hand grappled for his wrist and Sherlock said, “Stop, John. I'm going to need the pain. So don't ease it away...”
So now they were sitting at Mrs. Hudson's kitchen table, drinking tea and eating some of her home made biscuits.
And Sherlock read the next pages. They were from a diary. Sir Victor Baskerville's diary. In some parts written very short and formal and in some other parts more elaborately written and only the interesting parts had been included:
“Please, Sherlock. Don't die on me again...” John said and had grappled for Sherlock's hand and had continued, “Rosie.....” and he swallowed, “......she is probably not going to make it. And maybe we should be thankful for that. Her life would not be easy...”
“Well...first because my bandages would get wet, second because I’m not sure you wanted me in there with you...”
When they left the club and headed towards 221B Baker Street it was with a spreadsheet of Sherlock’s preferences, a lot of good advices and a quite selection of high quality “tools”.....floggers, canes, whips, nipple-clamps, wax, leather-cuffs with Velcro so one could get out of them...not easily...but with some effort, cock-rings and various adjustable harnesses and leather –straps.
But John did not wait long, before Sherlock cleared his throat and began, “I just wondered if I should begin with 'Mary'....when she entered your life...or with the beginning?”
“I’ve tested every single one of them. On my hands, that is”, continued Sherlock with a small tinge of red on his cheeks, “I tried to buy them on the net. They are organic and from a very special and small shop in Soho. But as I called to ask why the items could not be bought on the net, but only in the real shop, I was told why, and had to turn up in person. It was a bit embarrassing.“
“I can't believe that we finally are here, Sherlock.”, said John and kissed Sherlock's long elegant ring-clad ring-finger......and moved his other hand so it was beside Sherlock's. Comparing their rings. Squeezing Sherlock's hand a bit, “Oh God, Sherlock. I love you so much.....and...”
And Sherlock obediently reached for his cock and felt the moisture that was almost dripping out of the slit.
“No one would be able to read our lips like that and outside here it should be safe enough, so.....how are you? I'll have to admit that I couldn't see one single trace on you that you could be in pain. After all you are bruised and I made you bleed. And not a flinch has given you away. I'm impressed.“
“Just before you 'slipped under' again and remained unconscious for nearly 6 months.”, answered John.
Sherlock looked at John for a few seconds and then added “It’s not that I have a need to use the other side of my sexuality - being sadistic and dominating. When I went to the other club it was at their request and we’ve never discussed it, John. What I did there and why. I was asked to go to that club and help. They had observed me at the old club… And being the professionals they are, they noticed that I had switch-tendencies. They wanted to find out if I was a switch. I had thought about it, knowing my tendencies to “top from the bottom” and I found out that I was an excellent Dom. I enjoyed to be able to make people float. But only if they enjoyed it themselves.”
As she went to Mycroft's front, he looked up and then he bowed his head, “I'm sorry ma'am, but I couldn't make it fit.”
Now it was John’s turn to close his eyes and take a few deep breaths, “One day we’ll have to find out, if you can make me come with your voice alone. You know what it does to me!”
Sherlock looked at him and continued: “Second big mistake was to treat you as I did in Baskerville, drugging you and yelling at you. For that I offer my humblest apology......”
And John had seen how Greg had pulled himself together, but he had suddenly looked much older than his age.
He hadn't known why that man had always had come to talk to him...and not to Sherrinford or to Mycroft. He had not understood, why
“Yes sir!” answered Sherlock. He didn’t know that John hated him that much. And that made it impossible for him to make any resistance....he couldn’t help thinking that he deserved it.
John smiled: “You don’t have to......this was not a one-time-event.....not if I have something to say!”
“She is no longer alive, believe me! But she didn't die that day...nor the day after. Actually first several week later. An she didn't plan to die. You must have seen her, but thought that she was the 'Mary' from your mind. Of course when she was near you, it was 'mind-Mary' or you would have grown suspicious. But seeing her from a distance, where she kept an eye on you...and me, it wouldn't alarm you as you would think she was just imaginary. And she was rather good at disguises too. You saw that, when we followed her to Morocco.”
John had taken a deep breath and closed his eyes, and then he had continued, “......I just felt numb inside and ...and I would have followed you, if it hadn't been for Rosie. I would have returned to her in England, but as a hollow shell of a man. That is why I offered to trade my life for yours....”
“Oh John. You were drugged up to you eyeballs. The Eurus on the island was an actress too. Hired by Mycroft. Looking very close to Sian Brook, but not her. You just disguise a somewhat young woman in ragged hair, no make-up and dressed in hospital clothing. That is what you see, then. Not the real person behind. And Mycroft had of course hired someone, who looked a bit like Eurus. More about that later, I promise and.... 'Mary' didn't die at the aquarium. Didn't you feel that something was.....a bit too.....Hollywood-like? Jumping in front of a bullet? Large spurts of blood? Time enough to talk and say the last words? You know, just as I, that there is no time for that because of the shock. I was in a worse state than Mary, in Magnussen's office....and yet I survived. She had time to talk...and yet she died...Make your own deductions, John.”
John closed his eyes and enjoyed the feelings, but he soon decided to open his eyes to enjoy the sight too....and it almost made him come on the spot: to see Sherlock’s curly head bobbing up and down, to hear his satisfied hum as he deep-throated John’s cock...so deep that he had his nose buried in John’s pubic hair at some point.....the feeling of Sherlock’s throat around his cock.....didn’t Sherlock have a gag-reflex at all?...John grappled after Sherlock’s hair......not to pull it but to warn him that he was close......John could only stutter: “Sherlock...I....I.....”and then he saw stars and the strange floating feeling that followed as an orgasm starts followed and did build up...and up and he came in the best orgasm he had had for years.
But then he took a deep breath and he began, “Sherrinford took the initiative and was the active part, but neither he nor Mycroft were the idea-maker behind it. It must have been Culverton. The way he looked at me. The way he let his hand rest on my thigh just a little bit too long. He wasn't present as it happened though. At least I do not have memories of that, but they can have been tampered with any way. And my memories are scattered and not complete. But I do remember the metallic taste of my breakfast, showing that it had been drugged. Then the floating feeling and then a lot of things....dreamlike. But no matter how bad a nightmare you have...it doesn't leave you with a puffed, sore and red sphincter and sometimes it would be bleeding slightly. Nor does it leave you with a sore throat and the taste of semen in your mouth. I never new what that taste was...until I was old enough to have wet dreams and smelled that body fluid again. And as I smelled it, I had just time to run out into the bathroom to vomit in the toilet.”
“Are you telling me that I was never shot by the therapist or met that red-haired lady at the bus either?”, wanted John to know.
Mycroft looked at him for a few seconds and then he said, “I'm sick and tired of having secrets hidden for persons, I regard as....friends. Maybe I'm wrong in assuming that you are a friend...?”
“Well...the ring on your finger...even if you wear it on the right hand by European tradition and not on your left hand as by English tradition......Andrea does the same thing. Even if her ring....with a small diamond....could be interpreted as just a piece of jewellery. But the very discreet patterns engraved in both rings are the same, thus making them a pair. The way you two interact and the fact that I’ve have sensed the scent of her perfume in this house and on you.....well and actually that you didn’t refuse that it was the fact....right now! And her true name....well if you didn’t want me to find out, you shouldn’t leave some of her books in the guest-room: “Dedicated to Andrea Holmes from.....”....well it sort of gave it away, didn’t it?!? But you are not living together?”
John smiled, “I don't know or claim to understand how your mind works. But normal mnemonic-technique works by imagining a room or a house and then place the things you want to remember in the rooms in that house. I've used the same technique, when I studied for exams. Or you can use a film, that you know well, and put memories in the scenes. I suppose that is how they did it to you. Your brain just did put persons you knew and cared about into those film-scenes as well. The one you described about Mary in Morocco and me thrown in a well. That I could recognize from an ancient agent-film. And the house with the swimming-pool, that was from a TV-series......as was the burning boat. Just that it was in a harbour in Miami in the series.”
“Is not out of the question. We'll just have to be discrete. I would like it to continue...You are better at it than Sherlock. And he is rather good at it.”
And the upcoming chapters were inspired by this too (I hope the links work) (If they don't, then copy and paste).
John thought that he easily could get used to waking up besides Sherlock, who had draped himself over John from behind and now was the “big spoon”.....and being even more awake John felt a pang of guilt....how he had enjoyed treating Sherlock like that......having a submissive Sherlock to deep-throat his cock. It had been the best sexual experience for years....if not for ever...and Sherlock had wanted it.....but never the less...it made John feel guilty.
“Why didn’t you use your safe-word Sherlock, when it became too uncomfortable?” John wanted to know.
“And you didn't return until more than two years later. And my gratefulness for you being alive was showed by beating you into a pulp! Jesus! I did beat a defenceless man into a pulp!” John was shouting now.
And then John gently touched every scar again and said, “I'm sorry for not knowing. For making it worse and for abandoning you. Forcing you away...from me...and this last time from Rosie too. And that remark, “Anyone but you”.....And that note where I wrote that 'I regretted ever meeting you'....you must know. It was written while I was drunk.....I know....not an excuse. And the note? Did you ever read it?”
John nodded and said, “Well...maybe. You've come to take him away? But why? Doesn't it count.....all the good deeds he had done? All the lives he had saved? Why did he have to die now?”
Mycroft was shown into one of the sitting rooms after he had handed over the bouquet to the servant, who had opened the front door.
As she put on the sterile gloves and squeezed some of the anti-septic gel on her fingers and on the sound of the cage, she noticed that Mycroft was.....not shaved, because his balls and groin-area were too soft and smooth, so 'waxed' it had to be and that he was waxed, a man at his age, was a bit unusual. But she liked it very much. And then she noticed something more, as she did fit the cage into place: dragging Mycroft's balls down, so he couldn't have an orgasm, or at least only a painful one. Adjusted the part that went around the root of the cock to prevent the blood to enter and thus preventing an erection and finally the 'sound'-part that should feel uncomfortable. And she noticed that Mycroft's pubic-hair and the rest of the hair on his body, were auburn, almost ginger and not dark brown as the hair on his head would suggest.
Mycroft looked at John and said, “Your father is not here any more. Your homophobic priest died many years ago. Your mother, who would cry and beg you not to be as 'doomed-and-go-straight-to-hell' as your sister, is dead. I'm sorry, John. But all the ghosts from your past....they are not there any more to haunt you. You are allowed to be, who you are. Not who you are supposed to be...and maybe, even if it is not my business, maybe you and Harriet can find a way to reconcile.”
And her answer to that was to point the gun at me, order me to undress and thus she left me, almost naked, surrounded by six very dead separatists. She took my car-keys, my car, my false beard and my clothing..”
And then the angel looked at John and said, “Superiors!...Trying to make me clean their mess. You know how it is, don't you?”
Oh...he loved that she was hairless....just like him. He had got used to shave his genitals in Afghanistan. The sand-flies could be kept away from the toes by wearing socks and boots but there were other tiny insects that would crawl up a man’s leg..... first to settle down in the pubic hair and then they would dig themselves into the thin skin in the groin, the velvet skin of the penis and most of all in the skin of the scrotum leaving nasty infected wounds.
He smiled, “Not everything is 'in the papers'. Not your....firm hand...on your husband. Not my masochistic tendencies. You and I made sure of that, didn't we?”
Sherlock had a few secrets of his own too. And both men found it all right. The small secrets...and those not so small, just made it a bit more exciting.
“But Sherlock....what if the sadistic side of me....and it scares me like hell!.....gets too much? What if I can’t control myself, like when you returned and I did beat the hell out of you?”
“As I told you: he volunteered...to save you. He was in a bad place as a young man and at one point he..sort of pushed the border between life and death. That was the time I was put on him. To prevent him from killing himself. I showed him the life he could have , if he just kept on living. I showed him you and him sitting in front of the fire in Baker Street... and told him that in order to achieve that , he would have to survive and save you out in the future, from dying from that gunshot wound in Afghanistan.”
“Sherlock...I said that I would listen, didn’t I? So that is what I’m bloody doing. So please couldn’t you just continue?...”
“No.....her father was not a carrier...and it takes two sets of defect genes to make that “Hanson's syndrome”...”
Now John was really stuttering and he rose and gave Sherlock a hug and Sherlock gave one back, still feeling a bit hurt.
But John had dreamt of the last day in Afghanistan the other night and he had suddenly remembered something....something important.
Greg, who had only listened with half an ear to Mycroft, as he was busy reading the news in his own newspaper, looked up with alarm and a few seconds later, with a smirk, “Oh my God, Mycroft. Are you pregnant?”
And Mary had admitted that the only reason for Mycroft not to have her killed, because she had almost killed 'his valuable computer-device', was that she knew to much about too many governmental secrets....and had put them in a safe place to be revealed if she should die a suspicious death.
notice that she wasn't pregnant at all. And she wasn't skilled enough to hide the assassin-items well enough. I just put everything back...wrote her a note about you being shot and that I was staying at the hospital......and then I called Mycroft and told him to protect you and keep and eye on the flat and then I returned to the hospital. I was ready as soon as I was told that Mary had returned to the flat, after she had shot Magnussen. He had threatened her about giving the informations about her: her new name, her job, her address, the way she looked now....to her enemies. And that they would be released, if he should die a violent death. That is why she shot you and not Magnussen that evening. But during the next days she must have decided that her cower was blown too much to be saved and she just wanted to leave the country with all our combined savings and her false passports.
Sherlock paused, “This is difficult. I've never told anyone before. And it can so easily be misunderstood.”
Mycroft's ice-man-demeanour did slip for a few seconds as he smiled genuinely and said, “I see no reason why we can't continue this aspect of our brotherly life...and people might get frightened if we didn't.”
The tall pale man was shivering. Standing up he was tethered to a chain with metal manacles in front of the wall in the abandoned factory. His arms forced up over his head, but not so high that he would be hanging in them. He would only be doing that if he couldn’t stand on his feet. There was blood in his black curly hair from the blow that had made him unconscious and had made it possible for the other man in the room to shackle him and attach him to the chain.
It was almost two months after they had begun their sexual relationship, that John one evening asked Sherlock to make sure that he was 'totally clean' and he should just be dressed in his pyjama-bottoms and a T-shirt and dressing gown, when John would come back after a few errands.
Oh. She had grown so fast. She wasn't that little helpless newborn, who had fitted perfectly against his chest, with her head in Sherlock's left hand, and her bum supported with his other hand, when she needed to burp. Or a bit later, when she was able to sit up in her baby-bouncer placed in John's old chair and being fed her bottle. Now she was almost able to walk and explore the world around her. Sherlock felt a sting in his eyes and a tightness in his chest. All those months where he hadn't seen little Rosie, after having been allowed to be so close to her. Looking after her. All those months would never come back again. Lost for Sherlock for ever. That had been a part of Mary's plan too. He could see that now, but hadn't been able to see it then.
Hamish was very intelligent and had been attending a school for very gifted children in Berlin, even if he was only 5....and that had caused him a bit of trouble, as he had gotten a new teacher, right after he had returned to Berlin after the weddings, together with Irene, his mother.
Then John took the candles and placed them all over the room and lit them and a nice and not at all too intrusive scent started to spread all over the flat.
And now Sherlock looked at him under hooded eyes, “Wouldn't it be a shame not to get to use that throughout hard work your tongue did on my arse?”
Sherlock frowned, “Mary at the hospital. I, telling her about my childhood. You bringing the journals from Baskerville. I read them. I, not able to distinguish between real reality and MP-reality.”
Sherlock shook his head, “No...not totally. You are not repulsed over the fact that I'm even more of a freak, than you first did know? Adding sexual kinks to the list?”
Mycroft looked at him with sadness in his eyes: “No....the probability would have been small. But my brother is one of my best agents, and I’ve been wrong before, so we’ll never know. Right now he is dearly needed here in England. But afterwards? Even I do not possess so much power that I can prevent my brother from either imprisonment for several years or dangerous jobs abroad...That he had shot Magnussen in plain sight have sort of cost him his life, so to speak!”
Mycroft and Sherlock walked a bit away from the others and talked for quite a time and then they returned.
And then John told how he had kept on doing that until he had realised that he had a suspicion towards Mary and her motives. After seeing her DVD's and mostly after he had seen her last DVD together with Sherlock.
“You...you mean...that you could see people from the real reality and then see them in some twisted surroundings.....and then he had altered your perception of people too?”
“Not corporally...no. It would be an 'Arctic climate' and isolation until my mother had decided that we had learned the lesson. But a spanking...never.”
Papa Mycroft later married Greg Lestrade and they adopted to boys. They are my elder brothers and together with Leuris, they were, until some years ago, 'The British Government'. That is until the military got too much power and even they couldn't prevent it.
John nodded, “I'm still sorry. Oh, now I understand why Mycroft accused you of 'being high before you entered the plane'. You had taken a small amount, but how could you know that about Moriarty on the screens?”
He removed the syringe, the tourniquet and the box. Arranged Sherlock’s body so it looked like Sherlock just had died in his sleep in the chair. Then he kissed the forehead of the old man and whispered, “Good bye...’the world’s only consulting detective’.”
And that was how those 3 young people: Leuris, Rohan and Eshan became a part of the strange Holmes-Watson-Lestrade-Adler family. Not necessarily genetic connected, but connected by the care and the love they had for each other. Leuris became Lady Elisabeth's apprentice but felt more like a part of the Holmes-Lestrade family and usually joked with the fact that the younger members had formed 'The-one-legged-club-of-megalomaniac-Holmes-youngsters'.
Sherlock was quiet for a few second before the said, “Sometimes, getting caught, was the easiest way to obtain information.....”
Sherlock had just been standing there...his eyes closed and allowing himself to enjoy every kiss and word of endearment. Finally he had opened his eyes and John almost drowned in the intensity of them: “I love you too, John. More than my own life! More than everything!”
John laughed, “I’m sorry to disappoint you, Love. I’ll have to wear pants.The thought of you without pants and in a kilt.....and what I would be able to see if I lifted it and do to you, well that would make me leak as a faucet...and we can’t have that. So I’ve bought the finest quality boxer briefs for both of us.” And he pointed at a bag that was standing beside the bed.
And Mycroft looked at his nipples. In each of them was a needle put right through, but the strange part was that they almost didn't hurt. Just a faint throbbing. And almost no blood.
Sherlock smiled and lifted his hand and caressed John's face, “I'm sure that you are going to be satisfied........”
And time went by. Greg did retire the following year, in 2026 and Mycroft in 2031, as he turned 60. After that Mycroft did still work on his plan to secure knowledge. On secret hidden computers and sometimes on microfilm. He sometimes told Greg that he felt guilty, because he would use money that he had earned by investing in various projects and maybe he ought to use some of those money on helping other organisations instead?
And then the young man told about this special shop and that Mycroft would have to be interviewed and then Mycroft was shown to a private room, where 'his needs could be discussed' as the young man said. He continued to tell a bit more about the shop and that it had a policy of utmost discretion, but Mycroft had spotted that, since there had been that level of security. He had even spotted several hidden cameras.
Rosie was at her boarding-school and Sherlock and John expected to be back in London within a few days. Nothing more than a week the most. Greg stayed in London and Sherlock and Mycroft had left London, heading towards Sofia in Bulgaria. Not as 'Mycroft Holmes' and 'Sherlock Holmes'. But as 'Joseph Vernet' and 'William Scott', the prime-minister's secretary and the foreign-ministers secretary. Of course with the knowledge and blessing from the prime-minister and the foreign-minister. And with 'real' papers and back-ground stories, that could manage a closer inspection.
( 'The Riots' in Pakistan 6 years ago, in 2011, is an invention of mine. Invented to serve narrative purpose)
So when Mycroft came up the stairs both John and Sherlock were in the living room, waiting for him, dressed in their pyjama bottoms and dressing gowns.
*TELL ME WHAT?!? HE DIDN’T TELL ME ANYTHING EXCEPT THAT MY SACRIFICES HAD BEEN IN VAIN SINCE MARY IS DEAD!*
Greg knelt behind Mycroft and ordered him to move his legs. Greg positioned a pillow under Mycroft's hips and pushed Mycroft's legs forward and out. Lying like that Mycroft presented and showed his hole and Greg took a firm grip around those sore buttocks and licked a broad stripe from Mycroft's balls and all the way up to his back.
And she began to flog him. It was one of the heavier versions, and it would bite, but not break the skin. Just hurt. And after she had made sure that his back and his thighs were nice and read and hurting....and she knew that it would mostly be pain and no 'reward' since she had prevented his erection and orgasm, she took the riding-crop and began the last part of his punishment for that day.
“Because they are not only 'clever'. They are 'brilliant'. They were tested about 6 months ago and their score was so hight that the teaches thought they had cheated. And Rohan's foot got worse. Surgeons in India, paid by the foster home, had tried to save his foot and asked for help and now he is here in England in order for the best surgeons to try and.....I would so much like to visit those two boys and see how they manage.”, said Mycroft.
Sherlock frowned and John explained, “There were special doctors for that. Specialists....and even now a days it is often performed by doctors in Asia. There were devises to put up in the arses until the prostate gland could be touched through the 'wall' and then it was massaged through gentle movements. Or it could be performed with the fingers. The massage did milk the secretion out of the gland and out through the cock. There were special medical couches where the men could lie, face down, with their knees bent. And it was very decent, only the necessary parts of the body were exposed, only the buttocks and the anus in between. And they were not totally wrong with their ideas about the prostate massage. It could prevent some diseases..”
“This just confirms everything, doesn't it? That I'm a monster, a freak! Based on more than hundred years old DNA from a monster!”
“No, Sherlock. It will go away again. As if I'm not used to hide or not react on the boners I got from you.....and your delicious body. Oh Jesus...I was so close to rip the sheet totally away from you at Buckingham Palace. It didn't leave much left to imagine. And even if we were in mortal danger in Irene's house, I still admired your buttocks as you fought that CIA-goon. And later as you were drugged, you yourself sported quite an erection because of that drug, she gave you.....
“Out to search for Mary. Remember...I was still drugged, if only a bit and therefore still prone to believe things, that wasn't there.”
Sherlock and John both giggled and decided they could use some sleep. John removed his clothes, glad to be rid of his soiled pants, and naked he crawled under the duvet and moved closer to Sherlock’s warm body. Sherlock, like a languid octopus, draped himself over John, and like that, they fell asleep.
He brought it back to the bed and placed it between him and John. He didn't open it though, but just looked at it thoughtfully. Then he looked at John, “How much do you know about BDSM?”
Because John had to come to terms with his own negligence. His refusal of seeing the real Sherlock. For not seeing the love Sherlock had shown him...in his own a bit strange ways. Sherlock's politeness....always lifting the police-tape for John. Making tee. Trying to be considerate and caring for John's needs. Politely accepting, prior to the jump from Bart's, all John's girlfriends, even he had had a tendency to point out their weak spots.....and then bravely accepting that John didn't want him in his life and not making contact to him before Mary had contacted Sherlock to save John.
“Turn around” Greg ordered and Mycroft just crossed his arms and turned. Greg noticed that Mycroft was soft and pliant by now. It had been easy to bring Mycroft 'under' this time. To get him into sub-space. Maybe it was so much easier just because of the collar?
“No...nothing of that. I have to hit that exact spot, so stay still, Sherlock!”, ordered John and Sherlock tried to remain still.
John positioned himself between Sherlock’s thighs and began to knead Sherlock’s buttocks, slowly spreading them apart. And then he began to lick a trail up between them, from close to Sherlock’s delicious balls and all the way back to his orifice. Sherlock was falling apart under John’s ministrations. He was shuddering, panting and clutching the restraints so hard that his knuckles turned white.
As John stopped, Sherlock pointed at John while he looked at Eurus, “And you made John into a bumbling side-kick of an incompetent soldier and doctor. Into a man who couldn't defend himself or others...or for that matter recognize dogs bones from the bones of a child! And I would never ignore a 'Vatican Cameos' from John. It has saved my life too many times.”
Hamish hugged her, “No...but he will be. In a very few hours...and we can't even go to the funeral....at least I don't think so.”
Mycroft decided to be honest, “No...I have to admit that you do puzzle me. But that is the idea, isn't it?”
Ad Sherlock could remember that he and Janine had planned the whole media-stunt. Just to 'disarm' one of Magnussen's pressure-points, that Sherlock was gay. Janine had said that she could forgive Sherlock for pretending to love her just to get to Magnussen.
But there were several newspaper articles about 'that poor war-veteran' that had to live out there on his own. A lot of ladies had seen the war-veteran as a project, until he had told them, as he finally had met them, with rather harsh words, that he was fine and that he intended to live on his own, as he had seen enough misery among men during the war.
Sherlock had been prepared to sacrifice himself for John so many times. Had done so much for other people and the 'thank-you' from other had been bullying, scolding, mocking, harsh words ('Freak') and 'we hated him', slapping (even from Molly) and so much worse: kicking and right out violence from John ...and John could feel tears forming in his eyes.
We are still on a visit back in time. To what happened right after the events on 'false-Sherrinford-island'. Sherlock and John were as far away from each other as possible without being directly enemies. Sherlock thought John to be just as angry at him as after Mary's death......and John was full of self-hatred and guilt. Sherlock had nowhere to live and both Sherlock and Mycroft were still affected by the drugs.....and that might have explained, why they acted as they did.
The wedding turned out to be perfect. The weather couldn’t have been better and everything went according to the plans. This time it was Mycroft who delivered the first man’s speech, and to both men....and he surprised everyone.
He closed his eyes again and Mycroft could feel how weak Sherlock's pulse was. And he was so devastatingly pale...
Sherlock did hide his head in his hands, “I don't know! I've lost hours and afternoons. Thinking I was on the couch, but in reality I had been fetched and had implanted memories. I would always have a headache afterwards.....and why should I get a terrible headache just lying on the couch?!”
They still had a lot of questions and then they hugged and kissed, making sure that the other person was there and finally both John and Sherlock were able to fall asleep.
“Shot her. She had been in the hospital, just like Magnussen. In your room. While you were almost unconscious. Both of them threatened you. Had come into your room despite the guards. It was three days after you had been shot. Don't you remember?”
“Yeah...there was no reason to show you how much of a freak I was, by asking you to hurt me. And it only happened 2 times. That I had to go to the clubs. And I found means on my own to achieve an orgasm caused by pain, so I could reset my mind.. And it wasn't necessary at all while I was away. I think I was too busy to keep myself alive to enter that state of mind.”
“Not anymore...It is after all 2 years ago!” And Sherlock turned towards John again and said: “My ribs had healed too....and the wounds, that accidentally had been re-opened, were re-stitched again. The wounds on my wrists have healed and the damage done to my shoulders has healed too. I’ve had physiotherapy to stretch the scar-tissue and to restore the strength in my muscles and the full movement in my shoulders.....so all in all I’m functioning fully again. My broken nose had healed without problems too. You do not have to worry, John. I’m fit...and those small wounds on my back will be fine in no time. I’ve had worse!”
instead of your brother, even if she knew that I was busy with Rosie, and Mrs. Hudson got you inside. Left you for a few moments as I rang the door-bell...and that must have been the moment, where we thought that you found the poison and took it with you. You were hospitalized again. This time in a public one. Not one of those 'private-clinic'- ones where the scientists from Baskerville could have their will. But the poison began to work and you were dying. Nothing dramatical or fast. You just....deteriorated......”
Mrs. Hudson had made a meal for them and left it in the kitchen with a note: “I’m at my sisters for the next two days, so you can have a bit privacy. Try to be not too loud, though. The neighbours are in. I’m so glad you are both back in the right place!”
Sherlock smiled, “Oh he must have been so pissed, as you had changed your hair and had grown it longer. John.....he had hypnotized me, made me see something differently. When I saw him in the twisted reality, I saw you!”
Sherlock tried to say something, but discovered that he couldn't. His mouth opened, but not a single sound came out. Why was his mouth so dry?
And then she turned and walked away saying: “Sit down boys....Sherlock’s regulars will come down soon. He has been missed!”
“At the Diogenes' Club I was drugged and everybody, including Culverton Smith, did assume that I couldn't distinguish between real events and those induced into my brain and being very close to reality. But I've always had a trick. It could be things placed the wrong place. A painting with a face turning to the right instead of to the left. A globe smaller than the real one. The more items, the easier to see the difference., because the false reality couldn't keep track of everything ...”
John understood the way that Sherlock honed his mind to notice everybody and everything, and like that, was able to deduce and solve the crimes. And John understood that there would be nearly no time for Sherlock to sleep or to eat if John wasn’t there to gently force him. John did, and Sherlock’s deductive abilities didn’t suffer under it - a bit to Sherlock’s surprise.
And then John remembered what Sherlock had told him about his homeless network, so he continued, “Oh....I see. One ruling from the top...and the other one from the bottom of society. Brilliant!”
And about the clothes they should wear. Well, John had told Sherlock that he had specific plans and that he didn’t have to worry.
John pointed at his half-eaten tuna-sandwich, “Well. So much for not talking. I didn't finish my sandwich..”
John Watson loved the female body...the softness...the full breasts, small or big.. with the nipples that would harden under his palms.....and the softness and the fullness of the female behind...but having Sherlock lying obediently waiting for John....with his surprisingly plump arse.....muscular and round and delicious.....up in the air...for John to use as he would please....well that could almost make John come on the spot.
Sherlock rose and began to undress. And then he turned towards John, who had just been standing there looking.
Sherlock’s remarks had been made as they had been in the mortuary, investigating another case. Before “The Fall”. A young drug addict had been found dead and everybody had been sure that he had just been one of those middle-class or working-class kids that had taken the wrong path......with all the obstacles that prejudice would provide him: single mother, poor education in overcrowded public schools, abusive “uncles” etc. etc. But Sherlock had just cast a glance at him and had said: “This lad, behind all those piercings and tattoos and the filthy clothes....he had had a lot of opportunities.....Go search for his parents amongst the old aristocracy!!!”
And John began to giggle as he vividly could imagine a younger Mrs. Hudson smacking a man so fiercely with a frying pan, that he would die.
that believed that he was just what he pretended to be: a media-magnate and nothing more. Not a criminal mastermind. And
“Believe me, Sherlock. It is just a meeting. Nothing dangerous and it could even be a bit interesting, even if you do not care so much about politics”, had Mycroft said.
“Oh my good. How very English. The epitome of English-ness. For centuries. Millenniums”, said John a bit mockingly.
John paused to think before he continued, “I've always seen your brother as a very complicated man. When we first met, I thought your brother and you to be rather alike. Cold, calculating and aloof. But with your brother as the total ice-man and you very close to having no feelings too. Not one single warm thought towards others. Then.....I came to learn that he cared for you in his own way. A bit to 'big-brother-ly' and that not always in a good way. Later I rather saw the differences between you. And after we made that prank on him...Oh God, how did you persuade me to do that? There must have been some of that Mary-drug left in my system. Well after that prank and his 'revenge' on that false island set-up, and after he and I talked recently, my perception of him has altered again. He is not as cold and calculating, as he would like to appear. He is almost as soft under his armour as you are. I don't think that you and him can be put in a box labelled 'normal' and I begin to believe that they really tampered with your genes, then...way back at Baskerville. And who am I to judge?”
The only thing John could do was shaking his head. The thought that his nearly-brother-in-law could actually figure out what they were doing...well he was English enough to find it very embarrassing!
John looked at Mycroft and then he said as if of topic: “The way you live is almost as unhealthy as the way Sherlock lives. Not enough sleep, too much stress and strange eating habits. Don’t you ever feel hunger?”
John and Sherlock were sitting in a room together with those 4 people and they told...in turn...what they used to do to Sherlock. How he would respond and what he liked the most. They had actually brought the spreadsheet with them and handed it to John. And he made small notes and asked questions as well.
“Mary, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Sally, Lestrade, Anderson of all people and I.....and that is about the persons, I trust right now. Or rather trusted a month ago.”
This chapter is a long one. Mycroft really does have a lot to explain. So..Mycroft and John are still busy talking. John is being told rather a lot of surprises. And near the end of their conversation Mycroft learns something that surprises him. And that is something, because Mycroft Holmes is not easy to surprise.
One of Sherlock's surprises was men's lingerie and John liked that very much. To see Sherlock's long lean and yet muscular legs wrapped in those delicate silk stockings and then a girdle and nothing else and then lying on his stomach on the bed with a pillow under his hips and arching his back and spreading his legs and arse-cheeks so John could see the tip of the butt plug that Sherlock had prepared himself with, then it was just John's iron-will that prevented him from coming on the spot or to throw himself over Sherlock, take the plug out and replace it hard and hungrily with his own cock.
“I'm going to begin with Baker Street and what happened after we had pulled Mycroft's leg and forced him to come to us as a client. Tricking him into admitting, that HE had planned something and that I had a sister. I should have known, that he would outmanoeuvre me. This time too. He is the better one, the smart one after all....”
John went behind Sherlock and picked up the dressing gown and helped Sherlock get the pyjamas bottoms back on, and the dressing gown too. He gently touched Sherlock’s back and kissed his neck before turning towards Mycroft,” If that’s what you need, I’ll be happy to deliver the blows!”, he said.
And John didn't mind. He carefully coated his fingers with lube and pushed them inside Sherlock's waiting hole. First one finger, moving in and out. John looked at his finger disappearing into Sherlock's body and it aroused him, thinking about another part of his anatomy filling Sherlock's hole and moving in and out. That was the best part of fucking Sherlock....seeing how he took John's cock deep into his body.....and then John added two fingers, scissoring them a bit and Sherlock moaned. And then John bend his fingers ever so slightly until he found the point. And almost conversationally John told Sherlock about the devises that could be bought to achieve the same thing.
Sherlock moaned and bucked and he moved his hands, so he was just resting on his shoulders. Arching his back and presenting his arse even more towards John, almost loosing his ability to speak, and his hands moved and helped John spreading his arse-cheeks even more, as he panted, “John...John...please. Use your...Oh God....fin....fingers. Fuck me....please!”
Mycroft again tried to avoid John’s eyes and looked down on his meticulously manicured nails and then he looked up: “I deeply apologize for my mistake of underestimating you, John. Yes you are right. Moriarty was my invention...and the invention of a very few selected others. I couldn’t openly show my support to Sherlock. I would have been accused of nepotism. I would have risked my position in the government. I had no choice.....even Sherlock would have to believe that he was sent away....despite his acting abilities. I have apologised so many times, but my hands were tied. But it is in the past now. All the “bad guys” have been removed and the British government should be functioning again...as well as it can be when real politicians have to deal with the “dinosaurs” in the House of Lords!”
“Exactly”, and then the angel sort of dragged John out of his own body and turned him so he could see himself kneeling beside the dead Sherlock.
Sherlock had been absorbed by experiments for a while, but three weeks after their last rimming session, Sherlock was starting to feel tense and twitchy. One Sunday afternoon he’d been lying on the couch trying to read, when he suddenly got up, went into the bedroom and came out a few minutes later. His collar was in his left hand and his right hand was hidden behind his back.
Lady Smallwood and Mycroft still agreed that marrying each other would be an unwise decision. Just.....Lady Smallwood wasn't totally sure that it would be 'unwise' after all. She found that she fell more and more in love with the real man behind that bespoke 3-piece suit. But the age-gap of 16 years made her keep silent. And she sort of hoped that Greg, when he finally found out about Mycroft's feelings about him and would finally tell Mycroft that he felt the same way...well, she hoped that Greg could not fulfil all Mycroft's needs and that she would still be needed. And that Greg would be open-minded enough to understand.
“No. But photos were made so you can recreate them.....I'm sorry Sherlock. But they were the most contaminated..”
John nodded, “Oxytocin and endorphins, most certainly. But not so much prolactin . At least that is what studies say. It might be different from person to person..”
“No..and it is nice not to worry about the money, like I used to do...Sometimes lying awake in the night”, said John a bit sourly.
She wasn't in the room as he came back and he just knelt on the mat. Feeling how he entered deeper into the submission. It was easy this time. Maybe because his back and buttocks still throbbed a bit. But not bad....just a reminder that he had a body.
Mycroft cleared his throat, “I...I can't Sherlock. I'm sorry. The current state I'm in will prevent me from controlling myself and I can't give you.....”
John sighed, “I had to be a sadist and really hurt him, before his mind would still. I hate that version of myself. I enjoyed it too much: caning him, cropping him, fucking him...and I hate, that I felt like that. That I enjoyed it that much!”
I left home as soon as I was able to and father was a bit proud that I had got a scholar-ship at Sandhurst and I was there when I learned that they had both been killed in a car-crash. I was 19 at that time...and a lieutenant.”
John took Sherlock's face into his hands, bowed his head and began to kiss every part he mentioned, “Your eyes. They are beautiful. Not small at all. They are like moon-stones and together with your cheekbones they make a stunning sight. A bit cat-like, maybe...a jaguar. Strong and fascinating. A face you cannot forget. Your nose.....just the right size and shape. Not a potato-lump like mine. More aristocratic and thank God not that long protruding version, that Mycroft sports!”
As Sherlock had pointed out, “The eldest father in the world was after all 96!”. But their physical lovemaking did of course diminish with growing age and as John's heart eventually showed signs of the throughout sepsis, that had almost killed John after Afghanistan and he needed a pace-maker, their 'lovemaking' was often just cuddling and holding hands. The urge, that at sometimes had been a roaring fire, when they finally had admitted their love for each other, did lessen down to....glowing embers.
Eurus is just putting down a bunch of papers on the table beside her and asks, “Well, what do you think?”
Sherlock just waved his hand and said, “I've had a suspicion for a long time, even if he did hide it in plain sight. His ring!”
John nodded, “As he could be to me. Mycroft...if...if Culverton had managed to kill Sherlock. If I had come to late. I...I am not sure that my feeling of responsibility for Rosie could have prevented me from using my gun. Just as you said...that I was suicidal as Sherlock jumped. An now....feeling that it was my fault even more... I would have.....”
But again John surprised Sherlock as he gently touched the different scars in turn and asked: "It happened just before you returned?"........“Cigarette burns?”....Knifes?”........”A whip?”......”A cane?”......”A bludgeon?”.....To the latter the answer from Sherlock was: ”No.....a water pipe, actually.”
He rose and she could see how his shields went back on, “I'm Mycroft Holmes. I'm never wrong, Lady Elizabeth..”
He turned so he could look Sherlock in the eyes, “Getting to know what Sherrinford did to you, I'm happy that I never gave in to those urges and …..”
“Fine...she is not getting younger...and I think she wants it settled before everything is too late.”
It worked...partly. For Sherlock stopped for a few seconds. Then he snarled, “Oh for God's sake, John. Not now! I have to think! Even your limited brain functions must have discovered that we only saved the boy.....and that even not in time. But we didn't catch the killer!...I.Have.To.Think!!”
John looked at Mycroft for a few seconds before he answered, “I'm going to marry Sherlock because that is, thank God, a possibility here in our country. But it doesn't give Sherlock legal rights regarding Rosie. In the eyes of the law, Rosie is still only mine, even if Sherlock and I get married. And that is unacceptable. I want you to use your influence to make it possible for Sherlock to adopt Rosie! And I know there could be problems regarding that, because of Sherlock's past, which is totally insane, because he is going to be so much a better parent than Mary would ever have been ...better than I would ever be.”
Both Sherlock and John laughed kindly, Sherlock adding “You are talking about privacy, brother dear… After you have watched what John and I do with each other. I don’t really think you don’t have the right to keep anything regarding your sex life secret?”
John kissed him, “You are such a sappy poet....but such a good one too. You are right. We do fit together.....”
John shook his head and dragged Sherlock up on his feet. Worrying because there was so little weight to lift and then John said, “I'm not going to hit you. I've done that a few times too many. And you have just accepted it. Even thought that you somehow deserved my anger and frustration and blows. Which it turned out that you most certainly didn't. I suppose you don't deserve it this time either. I just want to know why you found it necessary to tear my world to pieces....again. To betray the trust I finally had got back....again.”
After Sherlock had been kneeling John hadn’t insisted on his counting, so Sherlock was just grunting now with every lash.....and swaying, eyes closed and as Sherlock mumbled something John stopped his lashing to hear what Sherlock said:“You are going to kill me if you continue with this, sir! You better be sure that it is want you want, sir!”
After the two brothers admitted their fondness, their love and their mutual attraction, they were both amazed that John just accepted it.
John smiled back, “You do know, just as well as I do, that I've inherited all the money belonging to 'Mary Morstan'...or 'Mary Watson' or whatever her real name was. Only very few words out of that woman's mouth were the truth after all. All the nice money on the, oh so discrete, Swiss bank accounts. And don't tell me that you had nothing to do with that. It would otherwise have taken years to sort it out. And the mess with my army-pension. You mended that after Sherlock.....after Sherlock had to jump. So..Sherlock could be poor as a church mouse and I would still marry him..”
“No. But you know the system from the inside. Just listen. And record if something interesting can be heard. You'll notice, if something is amiss. And the same goes for you, Greg.”, Mycroft continued, “You are not retired yet, but you have talked about it for at least a few months by now. I have arranged for you and some others close to retirement, to attend that meeting for retired police-officers as well.”
John had ordered take away and Mycroft had to admit that it didn’t taste too bad, and the three men forgot all about sex, rimming and riding crops, they just talked.
turned into my father. And I hate it. Last time we talked about such matters, I told you that I wanted to be different, but I had still not fully acknowledged, what I had done to you. So..here it comes: My father was an abuser and an alcoholic. I'm an abuser and close to being an alcoholic too. When he had a job it wasn’t that bad, but his words were 'the rule' in our house. Not something to be questioned. I don't remember it as being that bad when Harriet and I were young. But around my 15
“Oh....do stop deducing, Mycroft. You are on the wrong track here......I’ve done it once.....with a girl......and it wasn’t unpleasant. But we had taken care that we were “very clean” as you put it. And that is all the information you’ll get about that!! Back to your promise: I have something else in my mind......what you should do to keep your promise..”
“No....because it was found out by the very people, who wanted it to be a total secret. Mary Shelly died before she had a chance to put the writings in her bank-box. Mary...our Mary...has hacked into systems to find this...and found it. So please, read on.”
He had stretched himself enough for the next version to go inside. This version had ridges and was much longer, curved and was made of softer material.....and had a remote. He carefully nudged it even further down and gasped as it reached his prostate. He just left it there...buzzing a bit.
“Your wife.......or maybe her right name “Andrea”....and I even flirted with her the first time we met”
But that was more than 15 years ago and even if they tried to keep control, it had been increasingly difficult until they official retired/were fired 5 years ago. At that point they decided that they could do more for people being up here in Scotland and secretly continue Mycroft Holmes work of preserving knowledge and 'wait for the storm to pass'. Whether 'the storm' would be a third World War or something different. And here we are. Holding our breath and waiting for the world to fall apart. The knowledge that we can gather from our allies all over the world, secretly send in coded messages about cook-book-recipes and pictures of cats and thus go unnoticed by the military, tells us that the tension is growing and that we are on the verge of a war. The rumours about facilities all over the world that should have made invincible super-soldiers tailor-made for this new sort of war, the guerilla-war, are unfortunately not just rumours. They are the truth. And how do I know? Because I have worked for such a facility more than 20 years ago. But more about that later. I'll stop for today.
John’s whole demeanour then altered and Captain Watson emerged, “Bedroom. Now. And you crawl on all fours!”
As Sherlock angled his body and groaned at the sensation, John again had to control himself, in order not to slam his cock up into Sherlock's body in a hard and almost cruel way. So John did let go of all control and allowed Sherlock to decide.
“She is.....of course she is. Just look at her. I’ll never lie to you about such a thing. I love you, John! But I’ll understand if you find it difficult to live together with me........But believe me. If I had wanted Sherlock dead, he would have died!”
Sherlock shook his head, “No...I think I got the message around your first hypothetical question to me.”
John had to stop and gulp some air...and had to work hard not to cry.....and even then tears ran down his cheeks, as he continued, “Oh God Sherlock. If I had killed you in my rage.....if I had come to late....I...I tried to stay away because I was so ashamed. And didn't feel worthy of you friendship. I felt so...wrong....and dirty and...unworthy......and if you had died and it had been my fault, I had decided that I didn't want to live any-more!”
Greg felt a wave of warmth and love against his husband, who so seldom was lost for words. Who so seldom lost his eloquence. He squeezed Mycroft's hand lightly and said, “So. Spit it out. What was it that you wanted to spare me? Which secrets didn't you want to burden me with?
Sherlock smiled, “For what it is worth, she loved you and Rosie the way, she was able to. She stayed long enough to give Rosie a safe....well, sort of safe birth and the first very important months. She managed to give Rosie the first important milk, even if she didn't continue to breast-feed her. She gave me a tiny sliver of a chance to survive in Magnussen's office, and thereby time for you to push me out of your life, so you could live without me. Or so she planned. She waited to kill me...or make me kill myself....until you could be on your own and....”
John had looked sternly at Sherlock and had said, “But don't feel obliged to do what we talked about so many years ago, Love. You don't have to.”
Sherlock smiled at him, “It’s allright John, I could have safe-worded out… And I was close to doing that. But I said to myself: he is coming in here soon. And I’m not going to disappoint John… So I endured!”
In Russia Bernhard did rule...not so much worse than Stalin and Putin had done. The difference was that it was Augments, who now had all the privileges instead of the inner circle of the Communist Party.
Sherlock looked up, “I was recruited while I was still in University, because aunt Marjorie, known as 'M', knew how good Mycroft had been. And everybody thought me to be like him. A bit slower, but like him. That was the reason why I never finished my education totally. Never graduated and still lack my last exam. I was tied to a chair in France and watched my fellow agent bleed to death at the time my final exam should have taken place...and afterwards I broke down and left the university. But believe me, John, if I had wanted to defend myself, I could have. Easily.”
“It is 'sir' and very well.”, was John's answer as he suddenly realised that it maybe was cruel not always to give Sherlock what he really needed: real pain and the throbbing the following hours and days as a reminder. Sherlock had accepted John's reluctance....And just giving Sherlock bodily sensations instead of real pain, was maybe like giving people apples when they in reality needed a steak.
Sherlock looked confused, “But...but that was not my looks, but my acting skills, my words, that worked.”
Sherlock’s secrets had to do with the music. And Mycroft was involved in that. Mycroft had worried a bit that his secret help to John might stain his new-found better relationship to his brother, but Sherlock assured him that it was OK, but only if he helped Sherlock keep some secrets from John too. The last part said with a smirk....and of course Mycroft promised that.
“No...he was my superior. It could have got us demoted. No...some... others. Two. And it didn't last long. I wasn't joking when I said to Mike, that I would be difficult to find a flatmate for.”
John was the one to speak first “So...since the bedroom is out of the question, even if I would very much like to kiss you all over and......”
She smiled as she saw him standing by her bed and she reached for him with her chubby little arms, as she said, “Mamm, mammm..”
John started laughing, and Sherlock heard some footsteps together with the tap tap of an umbrella and then Mycroft’s voice: “Oh you pathetic little slut. Threatening with your big brother....like in a school-yard. Pathetic!! I too have had enough of you, Sherlock: all your peculiarities - your addictions - your bad modes. You have never grown up! Have always been a spoiled child....and a burden to us all. Just you continue, John. I’ll find a chair and enjoy the view....just like in Serbia!”
As they opened the door to the suite, Greg first kissed Mycroft hard. And then they hugged. Greg could feel the tension in Mycroft's body and said, “Come, let us just sit down and talk. Do you need submission tonight?”
“Oh God” moaned John as he easily pictured a totally naked Sherlock only wearing that collar and kneeling on the floor with his hands bound behind his back. The things he wanted to do him!
He only revealed nice and sweet and only a bit embarrassing episodes from Sherlock’s childhood and mostly those where Mycroft himself had been a bit of a clown. And he told about the episode where Sherlock had taken the blame and the punishment...only 6 years old...because he had thought that Mycroft was the one, who had smashed the antique vase. Well the description of Sherlock’s bravery brought tears forward in nearly every one’s eyes.
“Hm....I just can't help wonder. Why did you make Eurus into such an...an omnipotent murderous mind-bending manipulator?”
Mycroft didn't answer, just smiled and then he continued, “So....no blindfolds and no restrains. I was tortured at several occasions, bound to a chair, blindfolded and gagged with a dirty piece of cloth. So no gagging either. Not too hard stress-positions, as I'm not twenty any-more and I'll have to function already tomorrow afternoon. And regarding ...bodily fluids. Only sweat, semen, vaginal juices, saliva. Please not other bodily fluids...or not so fluid items. I'm not for 'golden showers' or 'scat'. And please don't make me bleed. Welts and bruises are OK, but I do not like to ruin my clothes and I have a meeting tomorrow. So my face and my hands should please be avoided too..”
John shivered and hugged Sherlock even firmer, as he continued,  “She never would have understood....that even if I was so incredible angry with you. Even if she had drugged me into almost hating you.......I never really did. Not deep down. And if I had......
John and Mycroft met one more time before the Royal Pardon was launched. This time Mycroft invited to dinner at his house. Andrea would be present too. John had laughed at bit as Mycroft had told that Andrea didn’t officially live there and had asked if there was secret passages between her official apartment in the other street close by and Mycroft’s bedroom and Mycroft had just smiled and said “something like that, yes”.
John remembered how he had yanked nipple-clamps from Sherlock's nipples. If on of the tiny 'claws' had been caught in the tissue! Oh God....he would have destroyed the tissue!
Sherlock looked at him, “We almost died today. Even if we were not in danger, it doesn't alter the feeling. I want the pain....and to hell with the tissue-damage. I want to feel it tomorrow as well. To feel that I'm alive. Don't you want it?”
John felt so ashamed. How could he have behaved like that and claiming to be 'Sherlock's best friend'?
Mycroft apologized for leaving for boarding school and for keeping a distance later. He took the full blame, but of course didn’t mention the exact reason for the distance. That remained a secret between Mycroft, his wife, Sherlock and John.
During the very delicious dinner, and this time the whole dinner progressed according to the planned schedule, without a murder to be solved, Sherlock had leaned towards John and had whispered , with a mischievous glint in his eyes, “I know that it is not uncommon to 'go commando' under a kilt, but I'm not, though, even if my underwear could be called a bit inappropriate. I'm wearing a new set of those see-through dark blue lace pants, that you are so fond of. And I've borrowed a cock-ring in case my fine and antique sporran couldn’t keep everything in place......you know 'something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue.”
Sherlock smiled, “It was either that or me lying on the bottom of the Thames. The decision was easy...even if I loved that coat and I remember what happened to your jumper. I took it with me when I...left. I used it as a pillow for two years, John...and when they finally caught me, they threw it away. It didn’t look much like a jumper then, though.”
John just looked a Mycroft and had to remind himself that it was the man who had agreed on being killed by Sherlock, as Eurus had asked Sherlock to chose between Mycroft and John.
Mycroft nodded, “Very well, Molly. She had to learn that Sherlock does love her. But not in a sexual way. More, and pardon the choice of word, as a sister. Molly is important to Sherlock. But she had to learn, that he can never be what she dreamed about. She had been pinning sadly for him since they met. Almost as bad as Sherlock pinned for you, John. So....she was never in her kitchen and never in danger. She was standing just outside the set, wearing headphones, and forced Sherlock to say that he loved her. Eurus...not the actress, but our real sister, heard and saw Sherlock's honesty. And that was the first crack in the picture Eurus had about Sherlock being Sherrinford. And it did help Molly. She should have known, that that was the way Sherlock loved her. He had shown her before, trusting her with the secret that he was alive, yes even before that, since he did trust her to administer the anti-dote after his heavy sedation on the pavement after the jump. And again after he returned, where he asked her to come with him on a case. And when he had gone out of his wits on drugs, after 'Mary's fatal advices. Sherlock cares a lot about Molly. But more like a sister and close friend. Just like Lestrade is a very close friend and one of the few persons, that Sherlock trusts.”
“ThatsummerIwasrepeatedlydruggedandrapedbymyeldestbrother”, Sherlock blurted as if the sentence was one long word.
You escaped and walked the streets in a dug-induced haze. Got back to Baker Street , where Mrs. Hudson found you in the back yard. You were practically in-coherent and babbled about 'a woman in red, walking with a cane'. Mrs Hudson, bless that woman and her sense of danger, called
“Ask permission to kneel, sir!”, Sherlock was afraid that he might faint any moment and dislocate his shoulders.
Hamish gave her a hug and had tears in his own eyes, “Because they were the finest and best men in the world...and gave us so much. The best parents you could wish for. And because we loved them.”
Mycroft smiled and put his paper down on the table, “When you leave, I'll be sexually abstinent...for quite a while. And I'm still on leave for at least 2 weeks more. Unless of course a crisis emerges and in that case, I'll be working from here. So...I want you to pierce me.”
And John wouldn't have any of that...not now. It was bad enough with Rosie being that ill, and scans had shown that there were other things wrong with her in her internal organs, too. Maybe it would be the best if little Rosie.....
And then he took a deep breath and continued, ”Andrea understands my needs, but it is only one aspect of my… inclination... That she accepts in our bedroom… Our house. She hasn’t any sadistic dispositions but puts a persona on, an act as a role-play… For my sake. If I need… something stronger or to live out my… other side… She accepts and actually sometimes encourages me to go to… Mmm... certain clubs...”
The Queen touched his hand: “This knighthood....and a nice annual sum.... has been waiting for you the last 6 years, Dr John Watson. And there has been one waiting for Sherlock Holmes since 2013 and even before that.....he had always refused, but maybe you can persuade him. The Royal Pardon for Sherlock is on its way....the usual bureaucracy will just delay it a bit...and I have an announcement to make in the parliament before it will be completed. But believe me Dr. John Watson. I’ll personally take each one of these politicians on a personal ride in my car here, until they accept it!”
In the cottage in Sussex Sherrinford locked himself into the house and found his uncle in the chair...smiling.
Greg kissed him, “They will do, what they have always done: carry on. Doing the little difference they can do and one day, when the clouds disappear and the sun starts shining again, they will see that it was enough to conquer the darkness. Look at Germany. Look at Europe. No one would have believed that it could rise like that again after WW2...”
*NO....I DO NOT CARE. YOU DIDN’T CATCH SOMETHING AND I SUPPOSE THAT MYCROFT SAW TO THAT YOU WERE TESTED FROM HEAD TO TOE AFTERWARDS. WHO AM I TO BE JEALOUS OF PREVIOUS PARTNERS? I THINK I LOST THAT RIGHT MANY YEARS AGO!*
And then the Augments began to fight each other for earnest. Ferris wanted North America..and she killed George and ruled both North and South America. Not in a wise way. She expected to be treated as an Egyptian goddess and drew all resources to her own people and followers. There would have been enough resources for everybody, if she had distributed everything close to equal....but the result was hunger-death in one place and superfluity in another. Bernhard wanted Europe, Cheng wanted China and Verity just wanted more. The only one, who tried to talk some sense into their heads was Khan and even his intellect hadn't expected them to be so stupidly ambitious, that they would rather loose everything, than allowing the others to rule. And all of them had sort of forgotten Africa.
John found himself in Mycroft’s house in a very comfortable guest-room half an hour later that night, now almost so late that it could have been called early, and surprisingly he slept rather well only disturbed by a single dream from Afghanistan....and that was not even one of the worst ones. And he stayed at Mycroft’s house nearly all the time the next month and a half except from a short trip to Scotland. Mycroft had offered John the possibility to go back and stay in Baker Street and John had lifted his eyebrow and asked why Sherlock had kept the flat if he never intended to return to London? Mycroft had just said that he would never have given up hope as long as Sherlock was still breathing and suddenly John understood: “That wound...that wasn’t an accident. Was it?”
“Oh......I would have sent a helicopter for you if we had found out where you were a bit sooner. It is only 15 minutes ago we found out that you were on this train....”
And then he shook his head because why did he talk to a lifeless item? He found a nice vein, held the needle it against his arm and then he exhaled, lifted his chin and with an almost invisible nod...so much like the one John had used, when he had to do something unpleasant, but still ‘soldiered on’, Sherlock did slide the needle in.
“Yeah...I guess he missed to be able to just extract things from my mind. It was a bit strange that I do not recall any of that.”, said Sherlock, “And it was the public hospital, but the IV had never the less been tampered with. I suppose I was drugged.....”
So yes Sherlock, I do know about it. Even more so because while I was studying at Bart's, I've aided a colleague, who was working in those mentioned clubs. We went there if something had been a bit rougher than intended. But in the beginning I couldn't understand, why people could enjoy that. I've been beaten by my father a bit to much to understand how pain and submission could be something, that people could want. But the people there in the clubs taught me otherwise. Not that I ever saw sessions, but I spoke with people. So yes. I do understand that the submission is a gift and should be treated accordingly. And that is were I'm a bit concerned, Sherlock. The doctor in me is screaming: welts and bruises and wounds are tissue-damage, whatever you call it. It is blood-vessels being crushed, cells destroyed, scar-tissue being formed...”
“You did not 'beat me into a pulp'. And I was not defenceless. Believe me, John, I've killed more skilled people than you in close combat, while I was away...”, shouted Sherlock back.
John nodded and touched Sherlock's face gently, “And you are not mad at Mycroft for having pushed you away from Hamish?”
Sherlock made an effort to stand still as the knife cut through the fabric of his jacket, his shirt and his trousers and pants. Leaving him naked and with a few droplets of blood where the knife despite his effort to stand still never the less had broken his skin.
“As long as it is not two white bridal gowns or some ridiculous costume, I’ll promise” rumbled Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at John and admitted, “I used again...... Heroine to numb my mind. And cocaine to tolerate that life on the streets. Just like after France...and this time Mycroft found me after 27 days. Faster than the first time. I was sent to rehab, but continued to slip in and out of using the next couple of years. That is why I never finished the last exam...”
Mycroft smiled again, “I know you would. But it would not harm to have money for renovating the flat, for going on holiday, for throttle a bit down on the cases and for Rosie's education, would it?”
“Shit!” John shouted and ran to the bathroom. Sherlock could easily have safe-worded, but he had obediently stayed, arse up in the air and had just endured. John realised that it was rather painful for Sherlock by now. Not dangerous, there were no real dangers with a twenty minute retention, just extreme discomfort.
John still smiled his predatory smile, “And that is one of his biggest achievements. To make people believe that he doesn’t exist!”
“I suppose you would like me to tell you why I came by” said Mycroft as he looked down and removed an imaginary particle of dust from his trousers before he looked up again.
Sherlock was against the armrest and John was lying between Sherlock’s legs resting against Sherlock’s body.
And then I was chosen to decapitate 'that despicable woman'. We drove in two cars, to a remote house, and she was ordered to kneel in the sand. She was allowed to send one last message......and my phone in my clothes made an alert. That was the moment I told her to run, but instead she fought the 6 men together with me. She could be quite a bad-ass-lady. And when we had finished, all 6 men were dead.”
Sherlock looked at John for a few moments before he dared to ask, “Even if I would ask you to 'hurt' me?”
John and Sherlock had been taken to a private clinic to be checked for residues of the drugs and effects of the rest of the events, as had Mycroft, and both John and Sherlock would be kept there a little longer to talk with psychiatrists. Without giving away that it had all been false events. That was Mycroft's job to tell. Later.
The collar was almost black, with just a hint of chestnut, exactly the same colour as Sherlock’s hair. Sometimes Sherlock would fight back and would reach to unbuckle it with a sneer. John would look at Sherlock calmly and ask if Sherlock wanted to safe-word out, and only once had Sherlock used his safe-word and taken his collar off. He’d thrown it away and shouted insults at John and thrown himself on the couch. He had re-created a rather impressive version of the ‘old sulking Sherlock’, throwing himself around on the couch like he had ants in his pants. The sulk lasted for thirty long minutes. And then he had begun to throw insults at John, provoking him into an argument, and they’d started shouting at each other. Then Sherlock had disappeared into the bedroom and slammed the door behind him, and John decided that he needed a walk to the shops, so he could calm down.
John and Mycroft talked a bit more. But John felt that he had got the answers fitting to almost all his questions, even if he had a feeling, that he had missed something. Something about Sherlock. But maybe it was just memories that hadn't been deleted totally and wanted to make themselves known.
Mycroft smiled, of course he should have known that Greg would trust him. He blew out a breath he hadn't been aware, that he had held and explained, “They are brothers and had a 'normal' life with a father and mother until Rohan was 9 and Eshan 7. They were not rich, but not poor either. Lower middle-class. They lived in a flat in the southern part of Delhi. The boys attended a good private school and their father had a good job in a shop. They had a small amount of savings, but they had expenses too. They did use money on Rohan, because he was born with club-feet and had to undergo treatments, surgery and had to use special shoes. And of course the private school wasn't cheap either. And then when Rohan was 9...five years ago, the father got hit by a car. He lost his job and the family used their savings on hospitals and treatments for the father. He died when Rohan was 10. They had to move in at the father's brother. He provided roof and food, but refused to pay for school, even if he had the money and his own children attended a very good private school. So Rohan and Eshan went to the poorer and less adequate public school. And the uncle refused to pay for more treatments for Rohan, so his feet got worse. It was so stupid, because if he had got that relatively cheap corrective surgery at that time, he would have had totally functioning feet by now. Instead it got worse, especially the right one and Rohan had to cut the toes open of his boots as he outgrew them, because the uncle wouldn't pay. To make a long story short: their mother died shortly after.....and the uncle now claimed the Rohan and Eshan weren't his brothers sons after all and that he wouldn't pay for anything for them any-more. They left his house and moved into the slum and tried to find a job. One year later they were found by my foster home. At that point Rohan was 11 and Eshan was 9. They were ill, malnourished and Eshan had such a bad infection in his left foot that the doctors had to amputate. Rohan's right foot was a mess. He had worked hard to be able to buy food and shelter and had attempted to walk on the foot without those special boots and the foot had turned more and more inwards..and the treatments he had got, as he was still living with his parents, had left scar tissue and areas with bad blood-supply. Walking on bare feet had not done anything good to that foot. The left foot was not that bad though. Then it was discovered how brilliant those boys actually were....and being handicapped it would be essential that they would get an education so they wouldn't have to do manual work..”
“I felt that it was. She died in my arms, Elizabeth and I...I decided that I would never allow myself to be that vulnerable again. So that is why I changed...”
“That would only be fair. But then I still don't get why in the bloody red and furious hell your arse of a bother didn't bother to tell you, that you were off the hook?!”
John had looked at Sherlock’s back and had said: “I’ll leave. When my best friend asks me to leave, I’ll leave! You know where to find me. Mycroft says that I’m not allowed to contact you and he’ll be mad as hell because I’ve visited you here in Berlin. I’ll respect that you do not want to see me, but can you please try to stay alive?!”
She smiled at him and said: “Damn....I owe Mycroft a box of that tea now. He said you would recognize it. I better give you one too....just to tease him!”
“John. You would never had accepted any financial help. Getting paid for the cases were all right, because it was your work too. But you would never had accepted if I had paid for anything. I did manage to help you both a bit, but you had your pride, both of you, and I accepted that..”, said Mycroft.
Sherlock paused, and looked at Sherrinford, Eurus and Mycroft, “The most pressing question is now. Which of you killed Carl Powers?”
Sherlock sighed, “She was such a good friend. And she helped me when no one else could....or would. I know she had a crush on me and that I sometimes was almost cruel towards her. But I didn't know what to say or do.....and at that false island, as they had to improvise, I would have said anything to her to make her survive. And she knew that. Or she learned that about me. I still don't quite understand why and how all the things, that happened there on that false island, was supposed to work.”
John took a deep breath, “I've altered what I could alter: I have lit scented candles. I'll serve tea, wine and cakes. In the living-room and you keeping your clothes on and me being almost naked. Do you get it?”
The façade of the shop was very discreet and first as Mycroft had given Lady Smallwood's card to the concierge, he was allowed inside. Not something Mycroft Holmes was used to. And there he was greeted by a very polite and handsome young man, almost androgynous looking, with light skin and dark brown curly hair and surprisingly green eyes. The young man told him that he had special order from Lady Smallwood to help Mycroft finding exactly what he needed.
When she came in, she showed him to something that looked a bit like a doctors examination-couch, with leg-rests and a carved out area so there was easier access to the groin of the person lying there.
As promised: a solution to the death of Sherlock. Maybe it is a bit of cheating? Using supernatural elements? I just felt that Sherlock had so many extra chances, even in BBC's series. Sherlock could have died so many times, but didn't. And why didn't he? Did his life have a bigger purpose?
