“Right, well, I’m going to unpack. I’ll come with you to get the shopping and you can tell me all about your case over dinner. Tea?”
“As long as necessary.” Sherlock answered, sinking further into the chair.
Thirty two minutes, eleven seconds.
John placed his phone on the coffee table and turned to face the consulting detective. He was currently cradling his daughter, she’d just woken up after drifting off in the cab and if the look on Sherlock’s face was anything to go by, it was the worst thing that had ever happened. He waited patiently until Maeve closed her eyes and they didn’t open again before he said what he was sure Sherlock already knew.
“Shut up.” John groaned and kissed him softly.
A quicker update, hallelujah but I beg you not to get to used to it because these chapters are significantly longer than the ones I am used to writing. This one is 5,000 and the previous chapter (the one before this) was 10,000.
Sherlock had just finished changing Maeve when John walked in.
Maeve was sleepy but awake. Her eyes clouded as she stared up at him.
“But you come after me.” Jim snarled. “And I’ll come after you, both of you.”
“Alright, that’s enough from you,” John said to the infant.
“Good enough for a kiss?”
“Isn’t that what normal people do?” the auburn haired man asked, disgusted and picked a piece of lint off of the arm of his suit jacket.
“Mycroft would not stand for any of this” his Mother voiced.
Mycroft interrupted; his voice tight, “
Sherlock looked up at the doorway where a young woman was holding the door open, she had blonde hair and dark circles beneath her brown eyes. In her arms was a baby boy with fine blonde hair that looked almost non-existent and a large bag not unlike his own.
Mycroft sighed and pushed the door to the living room open.
“I didn’t think a simple murder would take you out of the country.”
“Yeah,” Greg said, clapping his hands together.
Siger nodded. “And her name is Jade.”
There was no answer. Maeve gurgled and looked up at her father.
“It’s been a difficult few months.” Sherlock confirmed with a nod.
Maeve was bundled up in a tracksuit set with a small fluffy grey coat with ears. Her cheeks were red and her eyes glued to the decorations in front of her. She smiled.
“I need to get back to work,” he ignored the way Sherlock pouted, “the quicker I get through my patients, the quicker I’ll be home.”
“How do you want her?” Siger asked.
“Yes.” Mycroft said without hesitation.
Maeve finished the chewing motion and swallowed. She considered it for a moment before opening her mouth again in a silent demand for more. Sherlock chuckled, a rich, deep sound that echoed while Mycroft snorted.
Mycroft lent forward and glanced over at his brother and niece, the latter was holding onto John’s hand as though if she left go he would disappear and the former, his brother was completely focused on his daughter and attempting to mute the priest.
“You have CCTV and minions for that,” Sherlock scoffed.
“I-I have lunch plans.” She admitted.
“She doesn’t have much female role models.” Sherlock admitted. “There’s Mrs Hudson and my mother, Sally on occasion but that’s all.”
“By my own choice.” Sherlock reminded him.
“What?” The blonde sat up slightly and wiped his eyes.
“Sherlock.” John scrubbed a hand over his face, voice groggy from sleep. “What is it?”
“Fine.” He called back, pulling his knees back slightly to allow himself more room as he dragged the soft sponge over her delicate skin.
“Hang on…” John started to protest.
“And he fell.”
Sherlock followed his father into the living room. John was sat in the exact spot that he’d left him with his legs tucked under his body and a case file resting on his knee. Mycroft and Greg were on the opposite sofa going through the casefiles covering the coffee table. Anthea was sat on the floor to the side of the table, her shoes beside her and legs tucked underneath her body. They looked up as he walked in.
Sherlock shook his head.
“She good?”
If Donovan saw a tear run down his cheek, she said nothing.
He sounded too defensive.
“There’s no sign of anything sir,” a young officer told Greg.
Sorry for not updating, university hasn't even started yet and I am so behind on all the vacation tasks. I'm hoping to update within the week and then will be on holiday for two weeks, so no updates. After that I'm back at Uni and am hoping to be updating fairly regularly between work and stuff.
Mycroft nodded and walked with his mother as she pushed the pram. He peered at the sleeping infant.
Mycroft’s eyes flicked up to him and then back down to the phone. He shifted on the sofa, relaxing slightly into the cushions and using them to keep his arm propped up. Evelyn did not wake. The only sounds she made were soft inhales and exhales.
He picked up the shampoo and showed it to her. “Time to wash your hair.”
“Is that nice?” He asked, voice soft.
“She’s smiled in response to my smiling.” He argued, sounding much like a child on the last leg of his argument.
“So, what’s good?” John asked, opening up his menu.
John smiled as he came down at the stairs and allowed himself to embraced in a hug by Violet, he greeted, “Morning.”
In other news: I have another fic on the horizon. I'm not going to start it until this fic is finished but I'm very excited about it. I don't want to give too much away but it's going to be completely different to this fic (no parentlock) and I can't wait to share it with you.
Mycroft pushed himself up from his position on the desk and walked to the other side of the office, pausing in front of his brother. Sherlock followed his movement and looked up at him. His eyes were wide and cloudy, full of guilt and worry but edged with relief, knowing that his daughter was safe…or relatively safe in the hands of Jim Moriarty.
Maeve was sat on his lap, happily staring at her grandmother and the rest of the café, blue eyes flicking interestedly over the occupants. She gurgled enthusiastically when Sherlock jiggled her softly on his knee and looked up at him, craning her neck and then returned to her original position, staring at her grandmother and the stuff on the table between them.
“The mother” The doctor continued. “A colleague of mine treated her, she came in two days ago with contractions and had” she gestured to the baby in Sherlock’s arms “this little lady that evening. They were kept in for observation and she left at nine o’clock this morning.”
“Nothing of you in her.” Harry quipped.
“Do you expect him to fall for that?”
“One more word and I’ll go back to bed.” The consulting detective warned.
“This isn’t healthy.” Mycroft announced.
“You are,” the army doctor seemed far too amused.
Doctor Green nodded. “This way.”
Maeve let out a delighted shriek.
“So, we’re here to get a picture with Santa?” The older man smirked.
“Quite.” Sherlock agreed.
Anthea smiled to herself, waved to Maeve and then ducked out of the room.
“Dull.” Sherlock declared, Violet feigned shock and Siger smirked. The consulting detective found himself returning the smirk of amusement, his mother had always hated the way he had to classify the world especially the cases he worked.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock muttered a greeting.
“I assume, since you didn’t call, that there wasn’t anything I should be concerned about.” He left the “in regard to Maeve” silent.
Anthea was already typing away. “Any other symptoms?”
“I’m sorry for my concern.” Clarice rubbed her hands together and placed them on her lap.
Mycroft didn’t answer, instead he pulled her away from his chest slowly. His heart panged at the loss but he didn’t show it. The nurse manoeuvred her hands around his arms and lifted her up onto the examination bed, slowly she unwrapped the blanket.
Sherlock listened to his footsteps retreat down the steps and the final slam of the door. He looked down at Maeve, “just the two of us.”
“She looked at me like I betrayed her,” Sherlock told him, recounting the look in her eyes the moment the first needle pierced her skin.
“An attempted heist.”
“Boys, you shouldn’t have.”
Greg scrubbed a hand roughly over his face and sighed, almost in defeat. “She’s right.”
“My bed is just down those stairs.” He pointed out.
Sherlock nodded.
“Well, apparently he’s chosen to ignore it.”
Maeve gurgled.
“No,” his father responded, “just the one used most frequently.”
“Well, tonight I’m making us pasta.”
“We’ll see you on boxing day.” He assured her.
John awoke at eight o’clock, surprised that he hadn’t been woken up sooner by the consulting detective or his daughter. He stretched and made his way downstairs, blonde hair messy from sleep wearing a loose white top and checked pyjama bottoms. He pushed the door to the lounge open, quietly, aware of the relative silence.
“Are you suggesting murder?” Sherlock dropped his hand far enough to look at his elder brother. There was hope sparkling in his eyes.
They watched him leave. Greg looked up at Mycroft, “Do you ever think about kids?”
“Nothing major enough to warrant our absence,” he smiled but there was annoyance in his tone.
The elder Holmes’ eyes flicked over the occupants of the room, quickly over John, then his parents, he spent longer on Greg and then settled on Sherlock. “Mild concussions.”
“Look who’s awake,” Violet beamed as she walked into the kitchen with the sleepy baby in her arms.
Sherlock put his phone on the bedside table and answered, his voice low as not to disturb his sleeping daughter. “He paid someone to pick up the money and leave it somewhere else, there was no description and it was done on a burner which he’s dumped.”
“Please,” Mycroft muttered.
“And where is he?” Greg looked round the room and through the kitchen for any signs of him.
Molly watched, completely in awe as Sherlock sat down in his armchair keeping Maeve close to his body. She barely cracked open an eyelid.
“When the doctors give us the all clear.” Mycroft sat back down and ran both hands down his legs. He was tired. Worn out from the day.
“Pink” Sherlock muttered simply.
“They’re spending the night with their grandparents.”
“Judging on the last time we shared a bath help would not go amiss.” The consulting detective admitted, voice echoing off of the tiles as he turned on the taps and positioned her bath seat at one end of the bath, leaving the other clear for him.
Sherlock accepted the handkerchief that Mycroft offered and wiped his face.
The walk to the chip shop was short and well, both calming and nerve wracking, being the first time he’d left the flat since she was taken from him. But she was back now and safe. There were a handful of people ordering and waiting for food, a few people looked up as he entered but the rest were too absorbed in their phones or the small TV in the corner. The owner, a portly man with a big smile and greying dark hair looked up at him and his expression turned into a grin.
Mycroft nodded to himself.
“You’re lying.” Howard stepped forward.
“Great.” Sherlock sighed dramatically.
“You need food.”
“I do believe you’re being melodramatic.” Mycroft told them after a moment.
“She’s in the car.”
“Shall we?” He asked the sleeping infant.
“They liked you,” he sounded unsure.
Sally appeared from a group of officers and walked over with a small disconcerting smile. “Everybody has cleared out, everything has been catalogued but we’ve left everything as it was, as instructed.”
“Wasn’t it?” Sherlock frowned.
“Will you be taking a taxi?” Greg asked.
When he was released he closed the door and faced them both.
John frowned in confusion. “You’re in a mood because we’re on the train.”
Sherlock frowned and looked up at Mycroft, confusion was clouding his expression. “Why?”
John retreated to bed not long after, leaving Sherlock alone with his daughter for the first time since he discovered her on the steps of 221B. He’d placed her on the sofa with pillows boxing her in on either side, her small steady breaths the only sound apart from the turning of pages, he raced through a parenting book intended for expectant mothers and began extensive research into the topic, newborn babies.
Sherlock shrugged. “It comes in the third week.”
“That’s exactly what Mycroft is for.” Sherlock responded. He shifted, holding Maeve away from his body at a small distance, holding her head in one hand and tiny body in the other. He smiled at her as she gurgled, blue eyes flicking over his hairline and eyebrows.
Sherlock looked like a wounded puppy. “I…”
She continued, “The christening.”
“The common dominator was broccoli.” He said.
“You conned people for money.”
“Good afternoon,” he greeted.
“This news is better delivered in person. I have a great many of tasks to accomplish.”
“And maybe I could meet your boyfriend at some point.”
“You finished it all,” she told him with a raised eyebrow as she organised the living room for him, “but I just put another one of your favourites in the oven.”
“Sometimes seeing something good, something innocent, helps with the bad.” Sally said.
“He pushed you?” John frowned.
He sighed, “I thought as much.”
Maeve flashed him a toothy grin and he sighed, conceding and ran a finger down her face.
“Come over, we can order in.” John answered before ducking under the tape and following his boyfriend.
The cat sat down on his chest and continued to look at him. She meowed again.
John rolled his eyes and lent over to give Sherlock a chaste kiss, Maeve whined loudly in protest and he lowered her down to rest on his shoulder, her face in his neck. He looked at Sherlock, "You are a child."
you have to yourself, well, you won’t, but the moment you make a threat against me or Maeve, to take her away, or whatever it is you want to do to destroy your own future happiness, I will make sure that you never see or hear anything of us again. Don’t say anything, just walk away.”
“Don’t bother.” Sherlock replied in a bored tone. He sat beside John on the sofa, careful to not disturb the cat on his legs. Jade opened her eyes and looked up at the consulting detective for a moment before stretching and standing up. She licked her paw for a moment and shook her head to wake up. She then decided it was time to move and jumped across onto the desk and began staring out of the window.
“Is there anything we can do?”
“I know, but he loves spending time with Maeve.”
Sherlock sighed and shifted his gaze to rest on Maeve. “The suspect didn’t agree with my attempt to apprehend him, he pushed me and I tripped over a brick.”
“Angelo.” Sherlock returned. “Table for two and a half.”
“Are you sure?” John asked, flicking the kettle on anyway.
Sherlock stood and answered the call, putting the phone on the table.
Sherlock closed the door behind him and placed Maeve on the floor. She immediately looked around the room before attempting to shuffle on her bum. He kept an eye on her in his peripheral vision as he looked at his brother and placed his hands on his hips.
“Ridiculous” Sherlock scoffed. “You name something and become attached.”
If I don't respond to any comments, I am NOT being rude, my wifi has stopped working again!!!!
Greg continued his ministrations until she cheered up, or stopped making distressed sounds, and instead gurgled in displeasure at being abandoned by her father and left with him. The older man didn’t take it to heart, he knew that she only had eyes for her father and preferred his presence above all else. His eyes were scanning diligently over the officers roaming over the scene, paying particular attention to Anderson and the other forensics lot as they chatted just outside the door to the house, leaving Sherlock to take a look at the scene without interruption.
“We deduce” Sherlock articulated as he stared at his brother, “that’s all we know how to do.”
“No.” Sherlock lied. There would be no evidence found.
His mother was stunned to silence and Siger squeezed his wife’s shoulder. His thoughts were all over the place but he found his voice. “She’s had the baby?”
Sherlock gave a curt nod. “I’m interested in any particulates or samples you may have found on the body.”
“I’m aware.”
“I’m working a case.” Sherlock gave in explanation.
His phone vibrated on the table.
“It’s not like I’m here helping you file, you have a life there in your arms. I’m just doing what I can to ease the transition.” She placed a couple of soft toys on the table.
“I love you, John.” Sherlock told him, “and I have thought of every possible variation of this, I will not accept you leaving me, I will never leave you, and this is forever John.”
Mycroft merely rolled his eyes and gestured into the pram, “may I?”
“Babies tend to do that,” he retorted.
“Yes, my little Maeve must have Daddy’s attention all the time” he smiled, mocking annoyance at her.
They said nothing as they entered the room.
“You have a theory.”
John paid him and placed the books in a bag he had waiting. He placed them beneath the pram in the under storage and left the shop with a thank you to the older man. Next, he stopped at a garden centre for some lunch. Maeve begrudgingly accepted a bottle for lunch instead of real food and he quickly ate his sandwich before picking up a few things and returning home.
“What are you going to do with her in the meantime?”
“Let’s dispose of with the dramatics.”
Doctor Clarke inhaled deeply. “The whole experience will be traumatic for her.”
Sherlock scoffed loudly and sat down in his armchair, keeping Maeve close to him as he moved. He didn’t answer John, instead he focused on Maeve and talked to her. “Did John get up with you this morning?”
“The Hobbit,” Sherlock sighed dramatically.
“You could at least smile.” She commented.
“And an ex-army doctor.” Sherlock added with an annoyed frown.
John amended, “that was very nice of you.”
“Don’t get her too excited,” John said almost to himself.
“No, this is strategy which is what Mycroft is good at. He will help us with my parents and in return I will not associate him with them.”
“I know.” John nodded.
“Get fucked.” She spat at her younger brother.
John bumped his shoulder playfully. “You know it’s true. You like helping people.”
“She’s hardly a terror,” his mother argued.
Two thirty in the morning.
“Come on John,” Violet said, placing her hand on the blonde’s arm. “I’ll show you to the patio.”
“If we are late I will be lectured.” Sherlock explained. “I’ve got enough to be lectured on already, thank you and if we are on time my father will accuse me of being pedantic, I have no wish to be compared to my brother or father in that respect.”
"I should be getting back to work."
Sherlock nodded.
“A grandmother can spoil her grandchild.” His mother defended.
Mycroft was watching him intently.
“You must be Doctor John Watson,” Victor greeted, focusing his attention on John.
Sherlock returned the smile but didn’t say anything as the Sergeant left the room.
Sherlock’s mouth was dry. “I know it was my fault, you blame me.”
Sherlock sent him once last glare before doing just that, disappearing down the hallway.
Sherlock looked horrified by the suggestion. “John!”
“They’re here,” Sherlock said without as much as a look outside.
Sherlock fake a smile.
Greg nodded and considered it for a moment. He reached into his trouser pocket and pulled out his mobile. “I’ll call Myc.”
She was still crying.
I challenged myself to do five chapters this month in celebration of Christmas. I've already done two and a half chapters so here's the first, they'll be published on the 5th, 10th, 15th, 20th and 25th of the month. I hope you're excited as I am.
Jade jumped over the stairgate with a meow of disdain. Her green eyes flicked to the new occupant in the room and she strode towards him with purpose rubbing her body against the side of the chair and Mycroft’s suit covered legs. He sighed but decided against annoying the temperamental cat. She jumped onto his lap. Mycroft moved his hands out of her way and she meowed in his face.
Mycroft smiled and turned to Sherlock. “Are you ok?”
The grey haired man picked up the carseat and walked downstairs, Sherlock and John followed. The grey BMW was parked directly outside the house with Sally in the passenger seat, on the phone, she looked up as they approached with a tight smile – forced because of the circumstances – and continued talking.
“We prepared the ransom but it didn’t come to that.”
“I just thought you might want me to stick around,” John shrugged.
Mycroft’s eyes widened, “I am fully aware Sherlock.”
The blonde’s attention was on him immediately, brows set in worry but relaxed when he saw nothing wrong and understood what Sherlock wanted. “Need help?”
“You can continue to investigate me,” he interjected, gesturing wildly with one arm. “But you keep your distance, Sherlock. And I’ll keep mine.”
Mycroft took a deep breath. “Have you seen the news?”
“I was in the neighbourhood.”
“I think it’s a ridiculous notion but I can’t deny the science behind it. You are well suited to one another. Who else could put up with the hours you keep? Your wife couldn’t. And who else could put up with him jetting off for unknown countries with a minutes notice? You work because your careers are what guide you both and the rest fit in between that, like a puzzle piece.”
“Overthink it?” Sherlock repeated.
“You want the call to be on loudspeaker?” Sally asked.
Sherlock glanced up at his elder brother. Mycroft nodded slowly.
Violet nodded and ran her finger over Maeve’s cheek. “Merry Christmas.”
"I don't want children, yet." Molly informed him, voice seeming quiet and unconvincing in comparison to his.
“Is that all?” Mycroft asked, he had a meeting fast approaching. The baby was fine, that was all that mattered.
“Well, stop,” the elder Holmes glowered at him, then re-focused on Maeve with a softer expression.
He showered, ate breakfast and dressed, still no word from Sherlock.
“Obvious.”
“Germs.” He muttered, full on petulant child.
John smirked and answered, "the quicker I finish, the quicker I can come home."
“At the time, I was, well, that is to say…” Sherlock fumbled over his words. John placed a hand on his thigh and squeezed encouragingly. The consulting detective took a breath to steady himself and continued, “I was on my downwards spiral, mainly cocaine at the time but it was enough to have me written out of his will.”
Sherlock added, “John is invaluable to me.”
Sherlock nodded.
“Just like her father” John returned, raising an eyebrow at the dark haired man and lifting Maeve up, away from his body, supported in both of his strong hands.
“Letting her win? Yes.” He sighed but a smile pulled at his lips. “She’s insufferable otherwise.”
The young officer pointed to the right and Sherlock took off running in that direction. John cursed and followed, with Donovan at his side, both were unable to keep up with Sherlock’s long strides. He ran until he reached the end of the road, which split off in four ways; the direction he had come from, straight on and to the left and right. He looked frantically, eyes wild and jumping from person to person. He stopped and clamped his eyes shut, both hands coming to rest on either side of his head. His expression was tight like that of physical pain and his breathing ragged.
Siger nodded and spoke tenderly, “you have exceeded my expectations.”
“I didn’t hear.”
“Yes, you are.”
“Because he’s good at swooping in and taking control of things. He has resources.”
Maeve gurgled again.
John looked up at the consulting detective, blue grey eyes meeting Sherlock’s bright green as they watched the blonde and the tiny infant fondly. He knelt down, crouching over John’s legs and stroking a hand over his daughters back. She jerked at the touch and attempted to crane her neck round to look at the person responsible to little success.
“She can barely keep her eyes open,” it was true, Maeve’s eyelids were dropping heavily and she released a long yawn.
“I’ll inform the driver,” she said with a smile as she edged closer to the pram. Inside Maeve blinked up at her sleepily and yawned, it took over her entire body and she stretched out her limbs beneath the blanket.
“Sherlock” John was the voice of concern “everything ok?”
“Language John.” Sherlock sighed, giving up.
“I’ll get the fan out.”
“We’ll cook.” His mother added.
“To Barts, hardly an outing.” Sherlock scoffed.
“You ok?” Lestrade asked, wanting to change the subject and check on his friend simultaneously.
“Not much,” Samantha admitted “some sit on the side-lines.”
“You didn’t tell us because
John managed (not very well in Sherlock’s opinion) to hold back the look of shock that crossed his face and nodded dumbly in answer, he with help from Sherlock positioned her to be resting in one arm. She was cradled with her head on his chest and body supported in one arm. He used the other hand to hold the excess of dress. Sherlock shook out his arms and then placed them neatly by his side.
“Perhaps,” his mother halting her husband before he could stand with a delicate but firm hand on his knee, “it would be better if Mycroft brought her to you.”
“I have a few options lined up, we’ll see when they get here.”
“Whatever you want.” Greg decided with a firm nod of his head. He couldn’t resist running his thumb over the sleeping babies face, she didn’t stir despite her light sleep.
Harry snorted. “You were always…paternal.”
Sherlock stopped, pausing on the path and rounded on his brother. He narrowed his eyes critically, “You’re testing me, why? I’ve already proved myself to be a capable candidate for Maeve’s care and am developing as a father.”
Both Anthea and Mycroft looked up from their work as he entered the room.
John nodded and disappeared into the bathroom, pushing the door closed behind him.
“No,” he frowned, “there is a disappointing lack of interesting crime.”
She watched his hand and looked down, eyes crossing slightly as his fingers ran over her chin.
“Do you have children Mr Holmes?” Carol asked. Her eyes were pleading and voice threatening to break.
“Apologies.” Mycroft muttered. “I didn’t mean to offend.”
“Something like that.” Lestrade smile was positively filthy.
Sherlock pursed his lips and nodded towards the painting on the wall. “One of your Silvia.”
The other doctor had his hands behind his back. His stance strong.
“Fifty-three seconds, you are improving.”
“No, she’s not.” He barked.
The photographer popped her lips loudly and suggested, politely, “If you’d like to join the others, we could start.”
“But you’re allowed to spoil my Christmas.”
“Is this over yet?” Sherlock asked, looking down at the baby in his arms. She was bored, and staring up at him now with wide eyes.
Sherlock was watching his niece thoughtfully.
Sherlock glanced up at her, moving his face as much as he could allow with his daughter continuously rubbing at the skin. “Thinking.”
Mycroft shuffled on the spot, an action he was not accustomed to, and felt his body heat up beneath the layers of his suit. He said in a quiet voice, “Bad language choice aside, her presence here isn’t a problem, is it Gregory?”
“I fell over his legs when he was trying to get back up.” Greg admitted. “Which is how he hit his head.”
Sherlock looked up and considered him for a moment. He nodded.
“Sour puss.” Sherlock repeated, frowning.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and Mycroft muttered, “Interesting headline.”
“Blunt force trauma to the back of the head and stab wound to the lower abdomen.” Greg told him.
“It will stop my mother from fussing over her.” Sherlock defended.
“Stiff,” Sherlock responded with an appraising look at his partner and the baby in his arms.
The auburn haired man’s nose wrinkled in displeasure and he locked his phone, allowing it to drop from his hand to the sofa cushion, it bounced once. “Three meetings rescheduled.”
Sherlock smiled at Maeve and enjoyed the way that she splashed, looked up at him for confirmation, amused and then looked back down at the water and splashed again. After a moment he pried her away from his chest with great care and held her, both hands beneath her arm, he moved her slowly through the water, careful that it did not splash in her face. Her eyes were fixed on the moving water.
“Saturday? What’s happening Saturday?” John asked, interest piqued.
“Is parenthood all you expected it to be?” The elder Holmes asked, pushing his brother for answers.
“No,” he mumbled against his daughter’s head.
“I thought she was going to her sisters.”
Damn him.
“I am fully aware.” He flashed a smile and downed the rest of his coffee.
“You want your Daddy?” John asked. He was getting to know the infant rather well and was well aware that she preferred the company of her father the moment she woke, and though she tolerated him, when she knew he was in the room she preferred him. She knew exactly what she wanted, he supposed that she got that from Sherlock.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and kissed the top of his daughter’s head.
“Just shut up and get into bed.” Sherlock made a move to get up but John quickly grabbed his arm. “No, here. I’ll get Maeve whatever she needs.”
“I know, of course you are.” John defended. “It’s just cute.”
Maeve gurgled in response and turned to look at Mycroft. He nodded and she looked back at Chloe.
Sherlock huffed but didn’t answer.
“I hate you both.” Sherlock said, climbing to his knees at the side of the bed. He looked up at his partner and daughter between his lashes.
He spoke, keeping his voice low and gentle, "I do, that is I can say it."
“Not the way I was raised. I wanted to be a doctor, I worked for it, three jobs to get me through school and the army to pay for my medical degree.”
“Have you ever been?” Sherlock shook his head. “Do you want me to tell you about it?”
They found themselves at Angelo’s for dinner, on their usual table that Angelo insisted on reserving with Maeve replacing the chairs so that she was looking at Sherlock from inside her pram, they had changed it back to a pram as opposed to the car seat setting on the deep purple buggy. Maeve was awake but keeping herself entertained with the arch above her pram, toys and a mirror hanging above her. They had already ordered, water with ice and a glass of red wine in front of them both.
Sherlock said nothing. He pushed the pram with one hand through the doorway and into the corridor. He stopped outside the second door as it opened. A woman - clearly wanting sleeping pills to drown out the sound of her children and adulterous husband - stepped out, eyes raking over him and the pram before she walked past him. John was stood at the door, left hand on the doorknob, smiling. “What are you doing here?”
“He certainly has a way with her.” Mycroft said.
“She cry a lot?”
“Don’t give me that!” John huffed a laugh. “She already has a trust fund, not to mention the money she’s going to receive from you, your brother and your parents over the years, she’ll want for nothing for the rest of her life, and even then, would you want her to move out?”
Half an hour later, Maeve was still sobbing against his chest.
“She’s beginning to shuffle when on her tummy.”
“Isn’t she getting big now?” Mrs Hudson asked. She leant over to smile at Maeve.
John stepped in, “I’m sure Violet will be eager to know where you’ve got to.”
Maeve reached for the toy and squeezed it between her small fingers.
Violet gave her son an affronted look. “There’s no need to be cheeky.”
“I’ll be mother,” Sherlock announced with a smirk, perching on the armchair and pouring the tea exactly how he knew his brother would like, more sugar than usual.
Mr Innes stood up and asked, “Is this really necessary?”
Mycroft and Greg took the sofa. The auburn haired man crossed one leg elegantly over the other, eyes flicking over all the new things in the room, some were neutral, some bright colours and even a few pink but only a few. “I’ve taken the liberty of having a few things put together from Harrods, they’ll be delivered within the next few days.”
“Boring.” Sherlock decided, closing his eyes as though it settled the matter.
“How can there be any doubt?” He said simply as he kept his eyes fixed on the baby so entertained with his chest. “Are we leaving then?”
His mother looked confused.
I hope you're all enjoying the new series as well, it's amazing.
“I do.”
“It’s just excrement,” Sherlock said from his position on the sofa.
Sherlock watched from the window as his brother left Baker Street. The government official had come to retrieve Maeve for the day while the consulting detective and his army doctor worked a case for a private client. He was in a black pinstripe three piece suit with a long black coat over the top, Maeve was in her own cream coat and pressed against his chest, protected against the wind. She had on a hat to match her outfit, a purple outfit with a cartoon racoon on the front.
Greg reached out and took Maeve from him. She blinked up at him for a moment before her eyes soared off in other directions, flicking over the room while John left to get a bottle. Greg took a seat in John’s chair, keeping Maeve close to his body and picked up a small soft rabbit toy from the table and offered it to her. She explored the soft toy with her hands.
“Do you have to break in?” Mycroft sighed.
“Fed her, changed her, she just doesn’t want to go back down.”
Sherlock followed him to the kitchen and instructed before the army doctor could turn the kettle on. “Don’t make tea. You’ve been at work, on a date and at the hospital for the past few hours, go to bed.”
John sighed and lifted Maeve up. “Go and cheer your Daddy up.”
“The bedrooms through there.” Howards gestured down the hallway.
“We’ll manage” John corrected, reaching for the baby bag one of the nurses had prepared for them while Sherlock fastened his coat, one handed. Sherlock’s eyes darted to John for a moment, softening before continuing his task.
“Go for a walk,” Sherlock suggested.
John took the unoccupied seat beside Sherlock. Their legs pressed together and the taller man’s arm now practically wrapped over his shoulder. “Yes, the rents very reasonable and the location central.”
“Stop being childish” Mycroft scolded, bouncing Maeve up and down on his lap.
“Celine Howards” Sherlock said simply, voice low and heavy.
“A valuable use of my time.” Sherlock answered.
“Oh, Sherlock, it’s too early for that.” His mother said.
“Designer?” she asked, crossing her hands in her lap.
“Find anything?” John asked, looking up at him.
“Five hundred thousand if we wanted to see him again.”
“Why are you here?”
Sherlock as the master of his domain, he knew the moment a client walked towards the door or Mrs Hudson had moved something on her cleaning rampage. So, when his brother strolled into the flat as though he owned the place Sherlock was fully aware of his presence but he was preoccupied. His attention was fixed on his daughter; Maeve was dressed in a simple grey tracksuit ensemble sans jumper, her soft cheeks were a deep red like a plum tomato and salvia was practically pouring from her mouth. His hand was resting on her chin and two long fingers were in her mouth, keeping it slightly open as he shone his phone’s torch through the gap, searching for the teeth that were threatening to break through. Mycroft said nothing as he placed his umbrella against the red armchair and took off his jacket foreseeing the spilling of milk, mashed vegetables of salvia on the deep grey material. He placed it on the back of the chair and stepped further into the room as Sherlock pulled the torch and his fingers from her mouth. Maeve pulled a face somewhere between annoyance and pain, Sherlock used his thumb to smooth over her hot cheek and whispered, “shhhhh.”
Sherlock scowled but continued. “She likes to be close and listen to voices. Let her explore your face, it will help her get used to you and during tummy time she prefers you be on her level or she’ll get bored too quickly.”
“Mikey.” His mother called.
“Where do you want to go?” John asked, straightening up and looking at his parents.
“Yes, and you love me, so who’s more ridiculous?”
The lights went off and Sherlock mumbled. “Goodnight.”
Sherlock took his hand away from Maeve, she frowned at him, displeased by the action and he stopped her up, one hand cradling her head and the other under her body. He pulled her close so that she was looking over his shoulder, pressed into his bare chest. She burped loudly at the sudden movement.
“Mycroft.” Violet greeted fondly.
Christmas parties everywhere ...
John rubbed a hand over his face and considered it for a moment. He was no stranger to Sherlock’s antics but this was a whole new level. The only thing that remotely topped this was when he came home to find him with a baby. “Do I want to know why there’s a cat?”
Siger opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by the doorbell ringing. “I’ll watch her, you enjoy your lunch.”
“I think someone is hungry.”
“I still think you should have got the butterfly,” Sherlock smirked. He was holding Maeve close to his chest, she was now wearing some leggings with her outfit and a light grey coat with ears on the hood. On her head was a grey hat to match her coat, Sherlock frowned and pulled the hat further down her head so that it covered her ears once more.
Maeve with Mycroft.
Sherlock managed a slight smile. “I never imagined a scenario in which I was a father. The thought never occurred to me. Children are not my area of expertise. I, there was a moment when I considered not taking her, at the beginning, after I realised she was mine but the idea…”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the screen. “I’ll send you the brand and recipe.”
“Hmm.” The blonde managed in reply craning his head up to look at Sherlock. He was lain on his back across Maeve’s tummy time mat with her sprawled on his chest entirely too interested in the buttons and pockets of his shirt. She lifted her head at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, eyes searching for him. He took pity on her and stepped over the coffee table in one smooth step, towering over the pair as he stood above the blonde’s legs.
“Poor baby,” Sherlock mimicked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sat himself down on the ex-soldiers bed, he then fell backwards so that he was laying on his back with Maeve sprawled on his chest. She immediately took the opportunity to grasp the front of his silk dressing gown and lift her head for a moment before dropping it back down and pulling it into her gummy mouth. “2511”
There was more emotion in his voice uttering that one short sentence than Greg had heard from the consulting detective over the course of an entire weekend – he was pleading, Sherlock Holmes was pleading – and Greg managed a stunted nod. “I understand but it would be-“
Sherlock didn’t respond.
“Deduce it.” Sherlock challenged.
“How are we going to do this?”
“Almost as much as Mycroft.”
“She’s close” He told him smugly, “the corners of her mouth twitch like they do before she smiles but she isn’t quite there yet, not in response to others but it’s only a matter of time.”
“Take her” Lestrade commanded, ushering Louise now handcuffed to the two uniformed officers as Sally came to settle beside him, eyes wide in shock as she looked down on the scene below her.
It has come to my attention that this story may resemble another and though I can understand where they see the similarities but most are coincidences that I have done for a reason and you can asked me about them if you like, I welcome all types of curiosity. The series 'Intentions' by KeelieThompson1 share a trope with this fic. I must admit that this series of fics is a favorite of mine that I find myself often coming back to for an evening read. I believe in credit where credit is due but as pointed out by DaringD there are alot of differences, the stories share only a trope. 'Ideal Father' was not directly inspired or shaped by the work of KeelieThompson1 but i can understand how it may seem that way to others. I want there to be no ill-feelings that leave this fic feeling 'tainted'.
“Well, she won’t shout as loud.” Sherlock pursed his lips.
He stopped playing mid-note and twisted to face them. His eyes narrowed and flicked over the pair reading them for all the possible information that they’d collected throughout the day.
“Go, text Lestrade and go.” John instructed.
“Mascot,” Sherlock repeated.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, “I suggest you get moving.”
John managed a nod and reached into his pocket, he fumbled with his phone.
John shrugged and continued until she was completely asleep. Her quiet snores and their calm breathing the only sounds that filled the room as the two men watched her intently. John couldn’t contain a smile at the sight of her and Sherlock’s expression was soft, eyes warm and fixed completely on her.
“Shut up.” He snapped, fixing John with a murderous look. “You want to reassure me. I do not need reassuring John. I need to get her back, not platitudes. So do not tell me that everything will be alright, not unless she is in my arms, unharmed.”
Sherlock would murder him.
“I wasn’t referring to you.” Sherlock told her softly.
Sherlock smiled gleefully in response and practically hopped over to his daughter. She jerked around to look at him and kicked her legs in excitement.
“That’s cooking.”
Sherlock said nothing.
“Or…” he prompted.
“No,” he answered. “They are staying with their mother, Gregory spent the day with them last weekend.”
Sherlock swung his legs round into a sitting position and rose to his feet. The brothers stared at each other for a moment before Sherlock removed the limpet from his chest and handed her to his elder brother, hesitantly. Mycroft took her in his strong hands and twisted her small body to face him. She kicked in excitement and allowed the auburn haired man to place her firmly against his chest. He held her with one large hand and looked to up to his brother. Sherlock was torn between contentment that she was happy and Mycroft holding her, and the aching loss that she was not in his arms.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow at that. It was true. “I suppose that is correct but the fact remains, it is my child.”
The kitchen was bathed in a soft golden light from the morning sun the next day when Sherlock stepped into the large kitchen, pausing in the threshold to button his shirt cuffs. He had forgone the jacket, without the need for it, and his hair was a mess from sleep. He looked well-rested, unlike his elder brother who didn’t acknowledge his presence. Instead, he continued to sip at the steaming mug of coffee in his hand and read the paper, it was something of a daily habit. He would check the news and his emails in a bid to be caught up for the day ahead. His laptop was closed, beneath the paper and his daughter, Evelyn, was in the Moses basket Anthea had purchased the previous day. It was close to Mycroft, almost touching his leg and his gaze, should he turn ever so slightly, would be on the sleeping infant.
Sherlock nodded in his general direction and then spoke to Maeve. “I told you he’d be here soon.”
The lift doors opened with a ping and the man that stepped out was, well, smaller than Sherlock thought that he would be. His skin was still tanned from his time overseas and his body looked in fine shape despite the limp as he stepped into the homicide department. He wore a pale shirt over a white top with a brown leather jacket which was dotted with rain as was his hair. His blue eyes looked around naïvely and Sherlock thought it was rather endearing, ever the diligent soldier.
John took her without hesitation and placed her against his chest.
did. But nothing is certain.” She responded
“In his stride despite his previous insistence that he wouldn’t be involved.”
“The piano.”
"Take off your shirt," John commanded.
“We live in the upstairs flat, the first floor is…well, come inside and I’ll show you.”
“What are you doing?” John asked instantly on alert, frowning.
John looked slightly confused at his partner but Sherlock simply rolled his eyes. He finally asked, “What kind?”
“Your mother is asking for you,” John informed them both.
Mycroft shifted in his seat and looked over it. “Do you need help?”
Sherlock was upside down on the sofa reading book when Violet arrived. She stopped in the doorway, confused by the situation. Her youngest son was sat with his legs crossed against the back of the sofa, back on the sofa cushions and head hanging off the end instead of his legs. Maeve was awake and kicking on a colourful play mat that was right by his hanging head, eyes flicking between the toys on an arch above her and her father’s face. His eyes remained fixed on the book.
Sherlock placed one last kiss on the skin and shifted, lifting himself up onto his forearms so that he was close to and could look at the ex-soldier. John watched him carefully, gazing up the consulting detective fondly.
Mycroft nodded.
The air hostess had barely finished the rehearsed speech when Maeve whined loudly.
“Come on Sherlock.” Silvia commanded softly. She place her arm on his arm and gently led him towards the house. He let her.
“Attempted murder and kidnapping.” Sherlock announced.
His eyes flicked over the hallway. At the end was the kitchen, inside were a forensics crew collecting evidence. In the closest room, a woman sat on the sofa beside Sally Donovan who asked her questions. The detective looked up as he walked into the room and without saying anything, greeted him.
“Busy schedules.” Sherlock supplied.
It took Mycroft longer than he’d care to admit to reaching the front door. Sherlock smirked but said nothing, noticing his brother’s attentiveness in carrying the car seat that contained Evelyn. He could imagine the thoughts running through his brother’s head and thought it best to remain silent. He lifted his head as Mycroft stepped into the house and followed his older brother inside. His umbrella was propped against the wall and his briefcase lain flat on the top of his hallway table. He reminded himself to phone Anthea later and thank her, when he’s organised everything, or at least tried to.
“Allow me” Mycroft gestured to Maeve. The Detective Inspector handed over the screaming baby, allowing Mycroft to take her and move her so that her face was pressed into his neck and resting on his collar bone, the length of her body pressed against his and his hand planted firmly on her back.
“No problem.” John nodded. Maeve was undisturbed by the sound, far too close to falling back asleep and absorbed in John’s shirt.
“This is Maeve” he introduced, turning his body slightly so his landlady had a better view of the baby resting against his chest. “My daughter. She’ll require the spare room upstairs.”
It was mothers encouraging their kids to play instruments while they all sung along, most out of key.
“Took you a day to solve.” John argued.
Sherlock blinked in surprise.
“You are so loveable.” He muttered simply, drawing her closer to his body in his newly acquired and favourite position. Her against his chest, breathing reassuringly against his neck while her little hands moved over his chest in inquisitive and shaky movements. She whined again, a deeper sound. “I know, you’re hungry. I get it.”
“Sherlock’s daughter?” Beatrice asked, shocked.
“It all seems rather formal.”
“No, we’re not.” Sherlock cleared his throat and changed the subject. “Are you going to call them?”
“She smiled.” Sherlock muttered.
John narrowed his eyes, “that’s not normal.”
This would have been done quicker but my laptop shut down (while on charge) as I was finishing this. Thank you for your continued love and support, it means the world to me.
“Yes,” Victor nodded. “A series of paintings and sketches.”
“I had fun” John told him honestly, “I just had fun without drinking too much, alcohol does not a good time make.”
“The decision of dedication you make today is one of the most sacred and significant you may declare. By it you confess your faith and formally dedicate yourself to our heavenly creator, pronounce your faith in our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, call upon the ministry of the Holy Spirit, and profess fellowship in the circle believers of Christendom.”
John picked up another blanket from the end of the bed and placed it over his partner’s shoulders, the house was old and the bedroom cold. Sherlock lent back into his partners arms like a cat seeking its owner’s attention. Maeve was sleeping in his arms.
“No?” Sherlock didn’t look convinced.
“You heard me.” Sherlock resisted the urge to roll his eyes.
“Maybe I’ll try that with Sherlock,” John said a little unconvincingly.
“The houses of parliament.” His mother suggested.
Sherlock flashed a smile in her direction. “Always.”
“Mycroft.” His father embraced him in a tight hug.
“It tastes like vinegar.”
Maeve was resting in his arms, looking outwards as he held her with one strong arm against her torso and the other was hooked beneath her legs, putting her in an upright sitting position. She wore a simple but beautiful dress made from ruby red fabric. The top was designed to mimic the pattern of roses and reached to the middle of her stomach, there was a sliver of golden fabric designed to look as though it were a belt and the skirt, made of tulle in the same rich red colour, was a glittering layered skirt that reached just above her ankles in this position. Her feet were clad in a pair of gold glittery shoes with elastic fastenings to keep them on, beneath them she wore a pair of white socks with lace trim. The outfit was tied together by a simple headband of gold fabric made to mimic a fig leaf crown.
“There is no way to prove or disprove the existence of a god, whether it is Catholic, Roman, Pagan...” Sherlock continued for his brother.
“Getting away with murder at a young age.”
“Jim shrugged and shoved his hands into his pockets. “I’m feeling charitable.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes but didn’t argue.
Harold added with a smile, “And see you, and Maeve of course.”
Mycroft dropped his head back and sighed.
"Perfect, it's a little under the usual but she was a lot smaller than the other babies I've encountered."
“Still you.”
Sherlock hummed, uninterested. “She does require my constant attention but is far less work that the rest of the population. Besides,” he sighed, “she helps me think.”
“Why do we have to go to this?” John asked.
“Sherlock,” John said quietly.
Sherlock waited and they walked towards the service station together. The taller man slowing his pace but keeping his strides the same length so that John didn’t struggle to keep up. They ducked inside and immediately baselined to the closest family changing room.
Harry chuckled at that. “Bit picky is he, your man.”
“Natural?” John asked.
“Yes.” Sherlock and his mother said at the same time.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“You see the lights?” John asked the small alert child.
“I do want to participate.” John said, “But the cream is cold and she doesn’t like it.”
He leaned forward in his chair and rocked her side to side.
“You know I abhor repetition Mycroft.”
“Did Claire have any names planned?” Anthea asked from the corner of the room.
“Mycroft.”
“She’s precious,” Siger said more to himself than anybody else as he watched his granddaughter sleep.
There was a coat, similar to his, very similar. A miniature version, down to the red button hole. It was designer and looked to be custom made, it was a few sizes too big so she’d have to grow into it. Along with that was a few pretty dresses, a scarf and some shoes.
“When?”
“It was nice seeing you.” The blonde smiled and got back to his blog writing.
“This isn’t like anything you’ve ever done before.”
The tower of London was crowded despite the early hour. They queued for the crown jewels and John sat out the other parts of the building, allowing his family to go alone while he sat on a bench with Maeve, her head was in his neck and her body stretched against his chest, held firmly. She was awake but content to sit, her eyes occasionally flicking over the grass and stone walls, the ravens.
“Sentiment.” He nodded. “You always hated people taking your toys.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as though he was waiting for something, when it didn’t come he looked at the ground, back up again and cleared his throat. “I love you John.”
“Ten hours, thirty-six minutes.” Sherlock glanced at his watch and followed the grey haired man down the corridor towards the morgue. He held Maeve close to his body and stood outside of the door when Greg walked in to inform Molly of their arrival.
John shed his jacket and peeled the infant out of her car seat. She frowned in her sleep. John ran his hand down her back and nodded towards the stairs. Sherlock gave a brisk nod in confirmation and the ex-army doctor took the baby to her bedroom. He sat in his chair and clicked on the monitor beside him, he was greeted with the image of John placing Maeve in her bed. She was already sound asleep. He stared at the screen, monitoring her for any signs of waking but there were none. The cat, which was waiting in her room, jumped into the cot beside her and curled up at her feet.
“Don’t get fussy with me,” John mumbled as he fastened his tie.
“Not for you.” He said around her fingers. He released her fist and cautiously moved the scone further away.
“Morning.” He mumbled and sat in one of the two unoccupied chairs.
“Why did you dress my daughter as a rabbit?” Sherlock countered.
“I’m not.”
“Come on you” Sherlock whispered, his deep voice loud enough to be heard by the awake and kicking Maeve but quiet enough not to wake John. He lent over the Moses Basket and scooped her up in a fluid movement, placing her against his strong chest as he cast a glance at John, the blonde had stirred but was snoring softly against his pillow, a patch of drool forming under his open mouth.
“You didn’t give them enough credit.” John scolded him.
“It’s fine.” John chuckled. “So she smiled did she?”
Maeve whined in response.
“She hates the carseat.” John sighed.
“He’s my partner.” Greg said, tired and grumpy. “I had to call him.”
“Of course.”
“Go right ahead.” Victor nodded and stepped towards the curtain. He pulled it back to allow Sherlock access and the dark haired man stepped inside. John nodded in thanks and followed.
“I gather Mycroft has told you everything relevant.” He interrupted, swaying slightly to keep his daughter happy while she mouthed at his clean throat. “I do not understand why you needed to come all this way.”
Violet nodded.
“Still you.”
“Can we leave yet?” Sherlock asked.
“I’ll wait with Maeve,” John said.
“Really?” Violet eyed her son warily.
Greg had also registered the slip, his eyes widening in shock and mouth parting questioningly. His eyes flicked to Sherlock who merely shrugged his shoulders slightly in response to the silent question and focused more intently on his daughter.
There was a silence followed by a crash and the sound of something hitting the floor.
“I’m so sorry,” Edward said after a moment.
John could only nod.
“When was the last time you had something to eat?”
He closed the door and went back downstairs.
John angled himself so he could see Maeve’s face, she was defiantly awake and her mouth open, threatening to smile like she had been doing the past few days. “I took a picture.”
“It sucks but has its merits.”
“Some chores are worse than others.” Sherlock rose to his feet.
She was being too polite.
“You flatter yourself Lestrade, Maeve is miles more advanced than you and your team.”
“Fine.” Sherlock dismissed.
John shrugged. “Do you want to sneak out?”
Sorry about the cliffhanger! I would have updated sooner but I really struggled with this chapter because I wanted it to be perfect. Hope you all enjoy as much as possible. The next chapter will be as soon as possible depending on my workload.
“You heard me,” Sherlock sniffed and looked forward. “I am not repeating it.”
“No” Sherlock confirmed. “They cannot have her, she is mine.”
“They accused me of being on drugs and proceeded to prove me right.”
“And what about Mycroft? I don’t like the thought of him alone at Christmas.”
“My mother could have picked anywhere to hold this
The doctor nodded and he informed them. “The wound to the back of the head was superficial but we’re monitoring him for signs of a concussion and the stab wound missed everything important. He’s a very lucky man.”
“You were very well behaved,” John lowered his tone.
“Where’s Sherlock?” He asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“She held herself up with her arms for the first time,” Sherlock finished John’s train of thought.
“Bloody hell!” John muttered, breath coming out in harsh pants as he flopped back onto the mattress beside Sherlock. The duvet covered his lower half, his pyjamas were forgotten on the floor and a flannel scrunched up on the bedside table beside him. His chest was glistening with sweat and hair mussed but not nearly as much as Sherlock’s, his curls were in complete disarray. His pale body shiny in the morning light, lips swollen and a corner of the duvet covering his modesty. His long legs were sprawled out, one hanging off the bed and the other bent and thrown over John’s legs, black boxers hooked over his foot as he caught his breath.
Sherlock found himself smiling. “Even then.”
“Of course Mummy,” Mycroft assured as he leaned in to kiss her cheek.
John chuckled and lent forward to place a kiss on the infant’s head.
“Hardly” The auburn haired man repeated his brother’s words.
“Mycroft is taking us,” Sherlock said simply. He pulled a goofy face at Maeve.
Mycroft remained like that for thirty-three minutes, undisturbed. He has sat down on a chair not long after picking her up, one leg crossed over the other and his daughter, a phrase he would never be quite used to saying, cradled in his long arms as she slept. His arms were rather stiff from holding the position but it was worth it, every ache and pain would be worth it for her. He watched her as she slept, each flutter of her eyelashes, or slight jerk as she slept.
Sherlock decided not to push it, this one.
“Obvious.”
He’d just finished feeding Maeve, she was against his chest with her head on his shoulder as he rubbed her back lightly. They’d been like this for the past five minutes. It had been a while since he had looked after a baby but it was similar to riding a bike, you never really forgot. They’d played with puppets for a bit before she had a nap and he read to her when she woke, fed her and changed her.
“We’re not sure.” Greg scratched his stubbly chin.
“You wear designer labels.” His mother responded dryly. She picked up another two playsuits.
“Where have you been?” John demanded the moment Sherlock reached the top of the stairs. He was sat on the sofa in his pyjamas and jumper with one leg crossed over the other. He immediately uncrossed his legs and placed the tea in his hand on the coffee table beside the morning newspaper and a plate of half-eaten toast. There was tiredness all over the doctor’s body, in the dark circles beneath his eyes and the slight hunch of his shoulders. The late shift at the clinic did nothing for him. His expression now was somewhere between annoyance and worry.
“I am quite capable.” Mycroft sighed.
Thank you for all the lovely comments, please keep them coming as they are delightful :)
“Yes” Sherlock pouted. “Otherwise I wouldn’t be calling.”
“Messy work,” Lestrade cleared his throat.
“Just find whoever did this.” Howards told them, closing the door and leaving the trio in the hallway.
“I’ll take the files back to the office if there’s anything you need.”
“John” Mycroft greeted, a wary smile on his face. They shook hands and the blonde nodded.
“I have arrangements to make.”
“It’s hideous.”
“You’ve been doing well recently,” John told him. Sherlock stiffened slightly and John moved his head to his partner’s shoulder, wedging himself behind the consulting detective who welcomed the movement by angling his body away from the wall and relaxing into John’s solid for. He added for clarification, “sleeping.”
“Can you?”
Sherlock nodded and wrestled a very upset baby into her carseat. John closed the door and the car pulled away without Sherlock having to give an address, the driver had already been informed on everything.
“I thought you were the police.”
Sherlock twisted his neck to look at his mother. She sighed. “It’s a lovely day.”
“Is there a reason for that?”
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson scolded.
“That depends.”
“She has a sense of timing,” Greg added, “certainly wasn’t that happy being left with me.”
“Language John.” Sherlock scolded, whipping his head round to glare at the shorter man.
And ... what was the last thing???? Oh yes, I am planning a new fic that hopefully I'll be able to start soon. It's going to be about Mycroft and I'm super excited about it!!!!
“The computer technician did it.”
“What do you think?” Greg asked, “Got anything?”
Sherlock looked up at John’s retreating form in surprise. The doctor seemed unaware of the slip but Sherlock had caught it, of course he had, Papa John, interesting. John had specifically referred to himself as that, it wasn’t something that they’d talked about…Sherlock needed more information.
“Threaten me.”
Mycroft paused to look at his brother and niece before leaving. Sherlock continued soothing his daughter until she quietened down, lip quivering slightly but holding back the tears. He wiped away the streaks on the face with one long finger, she grabbed the offered digit and pulled into her mouth, luckily he had stopped by Mrs Hudson’s kitchen to give her something and wash his hands. She sucked lightly, toothless gums pressing against the pad of his finger with little force.
“Nope, she obviously likes me more.” John smirked mischievously.
Molly blinked, he did just say mine. “Yours?”
“Not yet,” Mycroft answered.
“He could have been present for this,” she informed him.
“Don’t you have work?”
John’s eyes widened as Sherlock cleared his throat, he asked, “What was that?”
“Whatever my brother wants.” He answered.
“It’s been brought to my attention how much she resembles me.”
“Stop it.” John raised an eyebrow. “You have a baby to look after.”
“Yes,” John nodded. “You wanted to see London, I’m going to show you.”
“She’ll try,” Mycroft amended. He was gently swaying from side to side. Evelyn was fed, changed and ready for sleep in his arms. Her eyes were open but the weight of her eyelids seemed to be too much for her, and little by little her eyes closed.
“So, baby rice?”
“John.” Sherlock said.
Mycroft released the breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. Anthea’s hand shot to his arm and squeezed gently. He blinked once and cleared his throat. “Claire?”
“Mr Holmes,” Megan called after him. She stepped past the other mums with a small smile. “I’m glad you could make it, she seemed to enjoy the frog in particular. Do you think you’ll come back?”
“He called himself
“I have several experiments to run and Molly finally has the body parts I need.”
“I just didn’t expect you to be so eager to leave.” The auburn haired man admitted. It was rather curious considering his brother had barely let her out of his sight since discovering her.
“The temperature has dropped and the man you’re watching is about to leave, you’ll be quicker on foot without an infant strapped to your front.”
Siger merely rolled his eyes and stepped into the flat, glancing around and seeking out his granddaughter, he ignored his wife. Violet rushed across the room to embrace her son, unwilling to be hugged, he froze and glared over her shoulder and she gushed, “My baby is christening his baby today.”
“She’s been difficult today.” Mycroft informed them. “She woke up at five and refused to be put back down, she only just fell asleep before he came to me at ten.”
She repeated the sound and Sherlock nodded, accepting that as her understanding.
Maeve growled and hit her fists against his chest.
"I do live with a doctor," Sherlock sighed, bored.
“John, would you send down for some tea?” Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the blonde.
She smiled at him.
“She doesn’t like to be touched.” Sherlock offered.
“How did you know that she was going to do that?” The blonde asked, he moved onto his knees and then dropped onto his stomach beside Maeve.
The doctor raised an eyebrow. “He didn’t know because the mother didn’t tell him and instead of calling to inform him of Maeve’s existence, she left her on our doorstep forty-eight hours after she was born. You want to know what kind of
“Where is she?” Violet chipped in, turning to look at her husband. “We have to find her. We can take her in.”
Sherlock gave a single curt nod and pulled his coat tighter around his body and the wriggling infant that was secured to his front via a papoose beneath the heavy material of his coat. He was sans scarf but his gloves were on and Maeve was wrapped up in a simple white fluffy bear-like onesie complete with hood, mittens and shoes. She looked out at Lestrade but craned her neck to look up at her father as much as she could.
Sherlock stopped short in the doorway at the sight of his brother. The auburn haired man was stood next to the window, looking out at the rain and swaying softly from side to side as Maeve drifted to sleep in his arms. He frowned at the sight and crossed his arms over his chest. “I thought that you had a meeting.”
“We saw Mycroft earlier.” He added.
He stopped at the sight of John in the doorway and frowned.
“A baby monitor.” He clarified. “I have two, one for her room and one for my own. They also need to be set up, for now, we are going to use one of Mycroft’s camera and stream it to a tablet. Ok?”
“Where are we going now?” Harry asked, squinting in the sunlight.
“Yes, cute. It’s adorable.” John teased.
“I’ll help him.” Mycroft assured him and started up the stairs. Anthea walked beside him.
John was fast asleep facing the Moses basket but somehow still on his side of the bed. Maeve was snoring gently from the Moses basket, a bottle was left on the drawers half empty, so she’d been fed recently. He shed his clothes, not bothering to put on any pyjamas and slipped into bed wearing only a pair of black boxers. John stirred slightly but didn’t wake, gluing himself to Sherlock’s side and throwing an arm across his chest. He closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep, he’d need it no doubt Maeve would be hungry soon.
Maeve’s eyes were glued to it.
The consulting detective had been in his mind palace and had been for a while. The clock read 8:23. He turned, the tummy time mat was still on the floor as was Maeve’s bouncy chair that was facing Johns, there was a book on the arm of his chair, open, Alice in Wonderland. Another bottle. But no John or Maeve.
Sherlock cut him off this time, “no matter.”
“Like you don’t already know,” John said with an amused, raised eyebrow.
Lestrade knew it was better to not dwell on it. “Yes, well, they all wanted to.”
“I am very sorry for your loss.” John told him.
“Mycroft.” John returned. “Greg.”
“Well, it’s not like she meant it.”
“I could have crashed,” John told him.
"July 1st?" John asked, eyes on the screen. "Eleven thirty-five?"
“You are mistaken, John.”
They stumbled through the door, both getting caught in the frame before squeezing through and stepping into the flat. Sherlock sighed rather dramatically and lifted the car seat onto the coffee table – which had been cleaned in his absence along with the rest of the flat, excluding his bedroom, the door was closed – and John dropped the bags onto the floor. He rubbed a hand over his forehead and through his hair.
John frowned and wrote in his notebook.
“Its fine,” John assured him.
He knew he’d reached the right room when he saw Sally escorting a crying nurse out of the room.
“What I meant to say, is that, you do count. You do.” Sherlock tried again. “I knew I’d never be alone and you do not count in that regard because I know that you will not leave.”
Mycroft carefully set down his niece in her Moses basket, he watched her for any signs of waking and when he was content that she wouldn’t wake, he ran a hand through her hair and bent down to place a kiss on her forehead. He left the room, closing the door quietly and retrieved his umbrella.
Ideal Enemy will be uploaded at some point in the next fortnight, so look out for it, and hopefully Ideal Uncle will be uploaded too. Thanks for your continued support and please check me out on other social media, I have dedicated a thread to this fic on twitter, there are pictures and snippets, comments and just little things that have happened, will happen or might happen.
He continued, “The concept of leaving her, of abandoning her, was worse than any scenario that I could imagine. I’ve seen worse people parent children, if they can do it, it stands to reason that I can.”
“Are you sure that’s…” John attempted to broach the subject, standing behind his armchair and his hands resting on the top of it, blue eyes looking to Sherlock with caution and worry. Sherlock raised an eyebrow expectantly and he finished “wise?”
“We’re recruiting young now,” one of the male members quipped. It resulted in some chuckles.
“BBC London.”
Sally twisted on the spot, eyes widening at the sight of the detective and a soft smile settling on her thin lips. She was stood in front of a board in the conference room. There was a map in the middle with lines joining them to the pictures of the three girls, all in their mid-twenties and with varied shades of blonde hair, surrounded by various crime scene pictures. Sherlock wasted no time in moving directly in front of the board and flicking his eyes over all the relevant information.
Sherlock hummed and he rocked slowly from side to side, holding the infant tight against his chest and watching as with each passing moment she fell into a deeper and deeper sleep.
“Obviously.” She muttered.
He raised his hand and brought it towards her, Maeve raised her own hand and he took it within his palm shaking it as one might with a businessman on closing a deal. He stepped back and shed his coat. Mycroft raised a spoon to her mouth, this time she accepted the food and chewed on the mushed food as though it were a whole carrot. The hard lines that seemed to stain Mycroft’s face nowadays softened slightly leaving slight wrinkles on the skin, like those in books when pages were folded for too long.
“When you want something.”
“You’ll make yourself sick.” He told her, sighing loudly.
“What?” Harry asked, brows knitting in confusion.
John looked at Sherlock and their eyes met.
Maeve seemed undisturbed by their visitor as she played with the toys on her father’s lap.
“Where’s my brother?” Sherlock asked, changing the subject.
“Don’t listen to him baby, you know exactly how I feel about you.” Louise glanced over her shoulder. “I love you.”
“Darling.” Siger directed her towards the empty chair and prepared the tea himself.
“Daddy didn’t forget about Christmas,” he craned his neck and whispered so only she could hear.
Sherlock kept a weathered eye on her as he listened to Mrs Hudson move around in the flat below. The older woman was baking again, this time she was trying her hand at some biscuits with vanilla and cinnamon. There was no doubt that she’d bring up a plate later for them. It was the knock on the door that Sherlock had been waiting for, Lestrade was long overdue. He’d texted earlier with the promise of an interesting case. A moment later the door opened downstairs and the sound of muffled voices was audible, useless greetings exchanged and then Mrs Hudson was telling him to go upstairs because Sherlock was expecting him and promising to follow in a few moments with tea and biscuits.
“Would you like your tea darling?” Violet asked, looking to her youngest son. Sherlock looked as though he wanted to answer but instead looked down at is daughter, as though it was answer enough. She sighed and continued, “Are you going to put her down anytime soon?”
The previously inactive police cars were now alive; sirens blazing a light flashing and more had flocked to the scene. The police officers were no longer standing in a group chatting but scattered across the street which had been cordoned off, questioning witness and combing the area for clues.
that you will never see my daughter again.”
Sherlock glared at his brother, not moving from his spot as John took a seat beside Greg.
Maeve gurgled again.
"That may be the most romantic thing you've ever said to me" John affirmed
“Likewise, Graham.” Sherlock responded somewhat robotically, totally out of his depth.
“As fascinating as this is,” he cleared his throat, “I do have matters to attend to.”
“Papa John was already awake” He retold him as he walked into the kitchen with a sigh.
“What are you up to?” The ex-army doctor asked.
“I’m sure he was becoming unbearable.” The auburn haired man managed a tight smile. He knew how his younger brother could get, when upset or sleep deprived, or both.
“I’m not sleeping.” Sherlock responded, closing his eyes and going into his mind palace.
Mycroft comes for his Wednesday visit, they have a frank talk about the safety of Maeve and she smiles back at Mycroft for the first time, it annoys the hell out of Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded and glanced at Mycroft. There was relief in his eyes but his voice remained collected as he spoke up, “and what do you require in return?”
Shit…Shit…Shit.
Greg proclaimed, “my turn next.”
“Why?” Violet asked.
"I don't know if I told your but my boyfriends a detective, I've picked up a thing or two."
“I prefer dogs.” Sherlock grumbled.
“Papa will be back soon.” He told her. Maeve looked up at him, her eyes full of wonder and confusion. He smiled. “You have no idea what I’m talking about do you?”
“And you’ve made spares?” Mrs Hudson asked, her eyes floating to the mess in the kitchen.
Superficial. No major organs or arteries hit. No bone damage.
In silent he moved the pillow into an arrowhead shape in the middle of the bed, put Maeve inside of it on her back and then climbed in the other side of the bed. “Night.”
Jordon chose that moment to walk back in. He was wearing a pair of jeans and a shirt. “The cook said dinner’s ready.”
“Mycroft has just arrived.” She answered.
.” Jim agreed. “
Sherlock’s expression turned murderous. He took a breath, eyes flicking from his brother to his daughter and then stormed off, practically running up the stairs.
When Sherlock walked out of Lestrade’s office to retrieve the awful but caffeinated coffee for himself he was on the verge of berating Anderson for his continuing stupidity. His pocket buzzed and he dug inside for his phone. There was a blur of emails and a new message from Mycroft. He sighed to himself and opened the message.
Sherlock looked up. The consulting detective was crouched on the floor in nothing but a pair of black silk boxers, eye level with his daughter, she was lain on her stomach across the bed. He narrowed his eyes and then focused again on Maeve, she was looking at him from her position on the bed.
“And you shall cherish each cup.”
“Her mother just gave her up?”
The room was silent for a moment, a stunned silence fell over the occupants of the room and the only sound was that of Maeve snoring softly in her comfortable chair. Violet opened her mouth but didn’t speak, she resembled a fish for a moment with her mouth agape, and she managed after a moment, “Yes.”
“For how long this time?” Siger asked.
A passing family looked up at him curiously, the father gave a sympathetic smile and the mother looked at them down her nose, John smiled and nodded at them. Sherlock glared at the woman until she was forced to look away and disappeared into the service station. He bounced Maeve up and down, her head on his shoulder leaning on a muslin, she hiccupped.
“Can I take her?” Mycroft cleared his throat.
“Silly.” He repeated, taking a deep breath.
John closed his eyes and took a deep calming breath. When he opened his eyes again he was calmer but there was something dangerous lingering behind. His voice was steady. “I haven’t told them yet because they…fuss.”
“Are you coming with me?” John asked as he re-entered the living room, picking up his wallet and keys. “I know Lestrade gave you a case earlier, and its fine if you don’t want to, we can just meet you back here.”
“Let’s give father a moment,” Doctor Green said. The nurse nodded and left the room with her.
The doctor nodded, explained that he would go and check the records and left.
“Certain.” Sherlock told him, his voice level and laced with something dangerous.
Jade meowed loudly.
“I was discharged,” he informed the older man.
“He’s good, he had a case earlier in the week but the whole thing was…below a four, I think is the words he used.” John smiled.
“Solve the case?”
I also want to say that while sticking to my promise of regular updates I am starting a new job tomorrow, so wish me luck.
“Ruin your reputation?” John raised an eyebrow.
Mycroft ran his hand over her head and the hair that was there.
Sherlock pushed himself into a sitting position and peeled her out of her new chair. It was an odd little seat designed to sit on the floor, made of a soft purple material that clutched onto her making it impossible for her to fall out. He held her close to his body, high up so that her face was level with his and turned to face his brother for the first time since he’d walked in.
“Experiment.” The consulting detective replied.
There was a small vibration which he knew was a growl.
“You deleted the mother of your child?” His mother asked shocked.
John looked over his shoulder as he prepared the bottle. “Nursing his bruised pride.”
“Open them then,” Lestrade told him with a pointed look at the bag.
“Four victims held for ransom for the sum of five hundred thousand pounds.”
John considered it for a moment then nodded slowly, he looked at Sherlock. “That okay love?”
John looked up at his partner, “you working the case.”
Jade gazed up at him.
“You should go out, it’s a lovely day.”
The moment Sherlock woke up he was instantly aware that he was alone, not only was John missing from beside him but Maeve was no longer in the room either. It was early, John should still be passed out, completely wiped out from his ‘night out’ with his army friends or severely hungover, at least. He pushed the covers back and swung his legs round, feet touching the cold floor with a gentle pat. He ached, his body and the wound on his torso sore but not hurting, he pushed the sensation aside; he’d had worse.
“Sherlock?” John called at the sound of someone coming up the stairs.
“Sugar?” John asked, unsure.
Maeve was sat on his lap with his hand holding hers.
“I don’t hold you responsible.”
Siger snorted and ducked out of the room to make tea, while Sherlock shifted Maeve into a cradled position in his arms.
“You’ve relapsed” His father guessed, not a question, a statement.
He pursed his lips, “something like that.”
Mycroft nodded. “My house?”
“Your mother loved you very much.”
“No, you told me as much.”
“You prefer to keep an eye on me.” Sherlock corrected.
“Your mother is talking to the vicar and Siger if fighting off the legions of Holmeses.” John sniggered.
Then everything went black.
Sherlock turned his head to face Lestrade. “I’d like to see the daughter.”
The monitor crackled faintly in the background, unnoticeable to most but not to him. He could even make out the soft sound of breathing, Maeve was fine then, sleeping soundly and completely unaware of what was happening.
No audio.
“I know that I can be a good father.” Sherlock said, lowering his tone. “And with you son by my side, I know that I can give Maeve everything that she needs.”
Sherlock returned. He was dressed in a black suit with a dark forest green shirt, buttons undone at the top in his usual fashion. His coat was hooked over his arm along with his scarf, ready to put on as he stepped into the lounge. Maeve was lain on John’s lap, her head between his knees. She was still as he played with finger puppets, allowing her to touch them and even taste one.
“It’s your choice Lestrade.” Sherlock told him as he got to his feet, turning to face the grey haired man as he considered it. “I can solve your case within the next few hours while looking after my daughter or I can go about my day as planned.” We looked down at Maeve as she occupied herself with his obviously very interesting chest. “We were going to go for a walk later, annoy Mycroft for a while and work on strengthen our neck and back. I also want to coax a smile from her.”
Sherlock continued to lower himself down until the water was reaching Maeve’s mid-torso.
Harry nodded.
It was universally known that Maeve was happiest when she was with her dad or in the bath. She splashed in the bath with a vigour Mycroft hadn’t seen in quite some time. It reminded him of Sherlock at a young age except his brother would avoid washing at all costs till his hair became matted and they’d threaten to cut it all off. He hoped that Maeve did not inherit all of her father’s stubbornness.
“No.” Sherlock was quick to respond.
John smiled to himself. Even when he didn’t apologise, the git knew how to make it up to someone.
“Go back to sleep,” he insisted, keeping his voice low.
Mycroft placed the cup and saucer on his knee and cast his eyes into the Moses basket.
Sherlock looked as though he was going to protest but started unbuttoning his shirt, scoffing playfully, "your bedside manner is atrocious."
“My mother is a social woman, she and a group of friends put together parties and fundraisers. It’s dreadfully boring.” He explained in a bored tone. “I’ve suffered through many a party for her behalf.”
“Yes,” John agreed, “lots of firsts to experience.”
“She’s awake.” The consulting detective frowned and crouched beside the chair.
“Conditions then,” Sherlock corrected, he glanced out of the window as the cab pulled up outside of the building that his brother conducted his public work in – usually conference calls – and not the private office that he often entertained Sherlock in, “set in place when you brought out parents to meet Maeve for the first time, the 12
“I’m glad.”
Cecily frowned. “I thought that Mycroft was in a committed relationship.”
Siger placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. “He’s fine.”
“Tea?” John asked.
Sherlock swallowed the bitter taste lingering on his tongue and pushed himself off of the counter. He walked with purpose, purpose, and confidence over to the ex-army doctor.
“Sherlock.” His father warned, grey eyes hard.
