(really short, but I promise I'll upload the one shot in the next couple of days!)
(See the end of the chapter for
Enjoy!
Well well well well... Peter is going to train his training with his Uncle Bucky, and Tony has decided to protect him and make him a new suit... what will happen next? Next chapter will be up in a few days!
What's really going on?
“Yeah, he got that from Tony,” Pepper said, sighing dejectedly “. The one thing we can do is be there for him… and help him when things get rough”
where Peter finally learns to be. sort of.
Please leave a comment if you liked the chapter, and I'll see you at the end!
Hey, so... hi. Hey. Hi.
“Sure” Peter nodded, knowing he owed a lot of explanations to his loved ones. Bucky nodded and left the room, calling Shuri in. The Princess went in after only a few moments, going straight to hug Peter while softly calling her ‘idiot’ over and over. Peter laughed and hugged her back, although much weaker “. Hey, Shur? I kinda want to breathe”
Hope you enjoy the chapter, and please, leave a comment and tell me what you think!!
First, I didn't exactly know when Peter's birthday was in the MCU. Because of it, I put in the same day Tom Holland was born (June 1st). HOWEVER, the other day I found out Peter's birthday is August 10th. It's definitely something that will be corrected in future stories, but: do you guys want me to change it in this story as well? It won't change anything but a few details, and it won't interfere with the story. So, do I change it?
it's so cool to finally put here the scene that finished the second book! god it felt so good. anyway, now almost all of the secrets are out. and yeah, i know i spilled a lot here... god, you guys learned a lot this chapter, huh?
“You’re exaggerating” Tony complained, although clearly in a playful tone “, although I was having something close to a genius strike… you’re lucky you’re pretty, Rogers. And that I have a lot of those”
Well, Steve and Tony can't help themselves
May and Peter talk
I really hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! Next one will be on Saturday, because I can't post on Wednesday, sorry. Anyway, I've been thinking about doing a third story... some of you guys have asked me about FFH, but I don't know about it... do I do FFH or do I do another work, completely different? Or do I just do the one-shot and short stories in this AU? PLEASE, help me out.
-Steve leaves after Civil War, leaving Tony and Peter alone.
I really hope you guys enjoyed it! The new work with the one-shots and short stories (in this AU) will be out soon - probably, this week!
Hi guys! I know the posting time is on Saturday, but rn I don't even know what day I'm living in. Also, I'll answer the comments asap, sorry!
“That’s bad” Bucky murmured, trying his nephew to stop bleeding and choosing not to rip Peter’s mask off, knowing just how pale and bloody Peter would be underneath it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’ll be short, I promise,” Pepper said, making a cross over her heart while they exited the elevator“, and it’ll just be to explain the details to Eugene - please make sure to tell him everything else”
Anyway, don't forget to comment (you guys are the absolute best and bright up my whole days) and leave requests if you want to! After this story it'll be a bunch of requested one shots! (again, don't forget to vote!)
What will happen?
Steve and Tony frowned at their son’s words, exchanging glances over the young man’s head and having a silent conversation with their eyes for a moment before looking back at Peter “. So what do you think about that, Bambi?” Steve asked, just as if he was trying to see if the beast would attack. Peter smiled softly at that.
“I’m stopping you. Stopping all of you, actually, and putting an end on this non-sense. For months you’ve been terrorizing New York and making me feel like I was failing my people- but this is the end to it. This has to be the end, Harry”
And the end!
“Wasn’t meaning to, bro”
And the chapter is done!
“Of course you would miss me,” Peter said almost in a deadpan tone. MJ laughed at him in shock and threw her rumpled napkin at him, which he as always avoided, laughing back at MJ. It was nice to be like that, he thought, open and honest even when they were in a public space… something that couldn’t have happened a few years ago, the superhero knew. But with her job as a journalist, MJ had learned to put herself in the spotlight and own it, especially after getting her dream job at the New York Times, for which Peter was endlessly proud. Furthermore, after everything that had happened with Harry, MJ had realized she needed to be there for Peter, owed him so, and, after being so close to actually lose him - well, showing her public affection became less of a problem. Not immediately, more gradually, but Peter was happy about it nonetheless. Not for what that implied for their relationship, but simply because no matter what, he
We get to explore more the consequences of Steve leaving.
“James-“
As I said, I'm gonna try to be more constant with the updates, but I can't promise anything. I'll try, I promise.
“Not gonna lie, you’re starting to get predictable” he murmured, leaving some weights he’d been toying with. Hearing a scoff, Peter turned around to look at his favorite Uncle, whom, to his credit, was looking half-awake.
“What” Shuri immediately said, looking at Harley with murder in her eyes “. Why the hell didn’t you call me then?”
“Good boy. Then maybe it’s time you get together a team, Harry… and destroy Peter. Once and for all”
Hi guys!
retired, but as of now she wasn’t on active duty. Still, she liked to be in briefings and debate strategies with the active members of the team, and Peter would be lying if he said he disliked it. The Avengers would
After those first movements, the battle seemed to happen much faster. Harry was fighting with everything he had, throwing punches to try to hit Spider-Man and using as many gadgets and traps as he could. But he was forgetting Peter was an Avenger, that he’d been a superhero for almost a decade by that point and had an A.I that could help him in noticing the pattern of the other’s attacks. Still - it was hard. It was hard to see all the hate behind every punch, every hit, everything Green Goblin was throwing his way. Everything in Peter was telling him to not fight back, to help his former friend, to let him know he was worth it, to try to get him to understand his father’s actions didn’t have to ruin his life. But he knew that, deep down, it was too late for that.
“Peter, seriously, we’ve talked about this. I’m not in S.I because-“
“That’s right” Bucky nodded, kissing the kid’s temple “. And I’m extremely lucky to have the support system that I have, one that I didn’t have for the longest time, one I do know not everyone has… one you do have. So, James, even when I know you can’t exactly believe my words right now… things will get better, kid. I promise”
Maybe it's time to tell someone about it
So this is a long chapter, and it took me a while to finish it and feel good about it. To be honest, I felt super super nervous about this, but here it is... and sorry for the slight delay, I'm at a beach house with no wifi, so I only have data to upload this.
“As if you’re any better” Tony, Bucky and Peter said simultaneously. Steve just threw his hands up in the air, snickering at those men, whom had marked his life since he was a sick kid in Brooklyn, all the way to a retired man living with the love of his life in a beautiful house, with a beautiful son who was the best thing that had
“I know”
“On it” Tony immediately said, carefully scooping Peter up - slower than he would’ve liked, but safer for the injured superhero “. I’ll call her on my way, hopefully she’s ready for surgery when I arrive at the Tower… please come asap”
I hope you enjoy this chapter! Make sure you read the notes at the end, I'm going to ask something pretty important for the story... the hypothetical sequel of this story depends of your answers!
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment so I know what you guys thought, and tell me: who do you guys think Peter should end up with? Let me know in the comments!
Anyway, please leave a comment if you can or want! Thank you so much for reading!
Hi guys!
What happened since the last time you saw him?
-The world knows they have a son, but not his name or what he looks like. So, only Ned and May know about Peter's real family.
“Hey there Petey Pie” Steve said as he approached him, hugging his kid gently to his body and kissing his forehead. Tony stepped in after his husband, repeating his actions and still keeping an arm around Peter’s shoulders while the four men walked to the elevator.
That's it!
Next work of this series is up, so be sure to check it out! Also, I'll try to post something on here ASAP! Love you all!
“Furthermore, you know we will always support you” Steve added “. We just want you to be okay, little love”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Which is?” Tony asked, again worried about his son. Cho hadn’t told them the whole list of injuries, but the engineer didn’t care that much about it; Peter was going to be ok, and that was the most important thing… he could hear about his injuries later. The doctor sighed, looking back for a moment before looking at the small family.
“And we’re glad to hear that” Abeer nodded “, what both of your minds are able to create will always be needed. But with her away from the wing for now to focus on Wakanda, what will the next step for the wing be?”
Enjoy the chapter!
Will Ned find the one who attacked Peter?
Tony has fallen down from the sky
-Peter is (once again) Tony and Steve's biological kid.
Peter goes to Wakanda
Tony and Steve have the perfect life, with their son Peter
“Not really” Peter confessed, sitting sideways to get a better look at his Aunt “. This, what?”
Okay, too late.
God, I left you all with a pretty big cliffhanger, didn't I? Sorry about that! I know you guys want to read what happens next already, so, go on! Enjoy the chapter!
Anyway, please leave a comment if you can or want to, and thank you so much for reading!
Ta-da! Chapter is done!
It's been a LONG time, I know! I was just so focused on my other story, I kind of lost inspiration for this one... but, I had an idea recently and I thought: why not? I really hope you guys enjoy it! Contrary to my other story, there'll be tons of fluff in this one!
“You don’t want people to think you’re there because of me” Peter completed “. I know, dude, and I
Hope you like the second part of this short story! The next one-shot is one I really like, but I'm not sure when I'll publish it... soon, I promise! Now that I'm done with the school year I'll have much more time! Anyway, enjoy the chapter!
Hope you all love it!
Third and last part of this short story! Just because Peter has come home things are going to be pretty, or easy. So this is them adjusting. And some fluff.
Peter has discovered something huge about his enemy
“I know that” Peter nodded “. And I also know I really like being with you, and spending time with you. But, with the article, and with everything that’s happened in the past few months, MJ, I think… I think we’re too different. Just like we were when we broke up”
“No one knows” MJ quipped in “, Peter didn’t tell anybody”
of the day she decided she wanted to completely retire. Bucky told him at least twice a week that’d never truly happen, but Peter had always been a bit pessimistic “. Most days we just did whatever we wanted and your Dads simply dealt with the disaster”
And Michelle is confused about how that makes her feel
See you at the end!
What he wasn’t expecting, however, was to feel another hit on his back. Focused as he’d been on the Green Goblin, he hadn’t realized the other two villains were going to start fighting him, too. The one he didn’t know yet hit him in the back, sending him flying against a wall. Before he could hit back, however, Vulture came in and tackled him to the ground. But oh, not the ground in the apartment - the ground on the street. The vulture tried to let Peter free fall from his Aunt’s floor, but the superhero was quicker than that, so he shot a web at the Tower and managed to get on the ground without too much damage, just feeling his back burn. The street was mostly deserted, people for sure scared after the big explosion a few minutes earlier, and surely assuming it was something to do with a villain, given the building the explosion had happened at. Peter was also pretty sure his Uncle Bucky had had something to do with the quick extraction of civilians from there, for which he was grateful for.
Hope you guys liked it! You know you can ask me to write a one shot, or a story, if you want to see something here! Next story will probably be split in chapters. Don't know when it'll be up, because finals are coming, so it may take a little bit... to complete, at least. I hope I can find the time, though.
Hi guys!
Shuri stayed silent for an almost uncomfortably long time then, looking deep into Peter’s eyes and seemingly finding whatever she’d been looking for after that time, when she smiled softly in his direction “. You’ll always be my most precious
so... it's been a weird week. the news of Chadwick's passing shook me, especially because it came out of nowhere, and I had always seen him as this giant, this KING, and to know that he'd been that sick was... shocking, to say the least. we were so blessed to have him with us for as long as we did, and we're incredibly blessed to have the pieces of art he left behind. we have to honour him, honour his legacy, and be proud of who we are. sorry if you didn't want to read this, or if this seems a bit unnecessary, but I didn't want to post without talking about this first.
“Oh, that sounds interesting” Abeer immediately said, smiling excitedly “. Can you tell us what those are? Especially for the rumoured New Members, can you tell us anything?”
“Of course it doesn’t,” May said, agreeing with the father of her nephew “, but we are living something that is quite the opposite of easy, Steve. Tony, Steve, right now Peter is broken, and in more ways than physical. We
Also, the young superhero is making some decisions...
When Thor and the Gang come back to Earth, how will the rest of the Avengers take it?
i hope you guys enjoy it... the big moment has come!
Also, little HarryxPeter flashback...
Hi guys!
“I said-“
Love you all 3000!
So, hi! This one shot was one someone requested me to do! So, really hope you enjoy it!
Bucky and Peter go to grab some coffee - and run into someone
Ta-da! I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter!
“Aunt May” Peter groaned very much like a fifteen year old and not the close to thirty year old man he was close to be. May laughed softly at that and looked at her nephew in wonderment “. What?” He asked, curiosity dancing in his brown eyes, making the nurse smile even softer.
little detail, just…” the youngest man shrugged “, what Peter decided to tell me”
I know some of you wanted Peter to go back with his Dads asap, but it's not going to be like that, sorry.
“Yeah, I know” Peter nodded, giving the phone back to his Uncle when it felt too heavy and too hot to still be in his hands“, but… I can’t stay mad. I know MJ didn’t do it with bad intentions, she just… took the opportunity to publish an article. It’s good for her career”
(See the end of the chapter for
So, what's going to happen now?
I hope you guys love this chapter, and if you have any doubts, don't fear to ask them. Please comment and if you can leave kudos! I really need to see if you guys like this story, and it motivates me to keep going!
“Just like it wasn’t yours” Tony pointed out “. But we… I… I should’ve behaved differently, better. I should’ve tried to see the reason behind your change in behavior, I should’ve insisted when you drew away after Norman’s death… and for that I am sorry”
“Maybe you can” Peter conceded “, maybe you think that’s the easy way out, and you know what? Maybe it is. Maybe I’d live calmer, maybe I’d have fewer headaches. But this is what’s right, this is what the world needs. And as long as I have the opportunity to fight for the world, as long as I’m powerful enough to do it, then I will”
“Sorry for what, Dad? It wasn’t your fault”
Not wasting a second, Peter started to read the piece while almost cringing at the title, for it questioned his decision to step down in rather harsh words. He guessed Michelle was hurt by what he’d done - probably, also, because he hadn’t told her about it beforehand, but still, she had to know he didn’t do it in order to hurt her, right? Peter was doing what he thought was right… for everybody. Or well, almost everybody, but- besides the point.
So we are just going to pretend I didn't mess up the days and thought today was Saturday, okay? Okay. Quarantine (although technically we are not doing it where I live anymore, we're allowed outside but with restrictions... whatever) really has messed up my schedule. I'm sure you all understand
And that's it! I hope you enjoyed the chapter!
“We haven’t heard yet, son” Tony explained “, but we can ask if you want so”
So he was parking in front of the Lake House in rather record time, a few members of his family hanging outside to enjoy the last few days of good weather before the impending autumn cold fell onto them, the rest probably helping with some cooking in the back of the house or the kitchen. Bucky was the one to see him first, as always, and openly laughed at his nephew.
, he constantly reminded the young genius, just
Peter finally listens to Happy
“I know” Peter admitted “, but I know why you did it. And I know what pain does to people - what grieving what leads oneself to. I lost my Uncle when I was fourteen, and if it wasn’t for May I wouldn’t have been able to survive. I… I’ve gone through too much stuff, but I always had someone there for me. I understand you didn’t: I understand now you did all of this from the pain you felt. And I forgive you for it”
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi guys! Omg,  we're almost at the end of this story! I'm writing the final chapter and it's super emotional! Also, I'm already writing the sequel with IW and I can just say... angst is coming #sorrynotsorry #alsofluff
Ok, bye, see you guys soon! (and also, I know they're never gonna read this, but happy bday to Chris H -a.k.a the man- and Sebastian Stan -a.k.a the purest cinnamon roll ever.
“Wait, like they’d be in training?” Bucky asked, trying to understand his nephew’s words. Peter beamed at him in response, glad his Uncle had caught up so quickly.
Anyway, please leave a comment so I can know what you guys thought!
AMAZING
Hi guys!
Also, Peter makes a HUGE discovering
And for once - Peter decided to believe it.
“For the record, you’ve let them have this to themselves as the leader of the team” Steve reminded him “, so your Uncles are in the right here”
Love you 3000!
“And I guess I’m thankful for that” Michelle nodded “. I’d rather have you do it than have you pretend you didn’t care or weren’t hurt”
(See the end of the chapter for
The group gasped at that, looking at the screen more attentive than ever, eyes drawn to the figure of Spider-Man. They saw Peter trying to fight and defend himself, but it wasn’t looking too good.
Friendly reminder, also, to say I hope you are all safe and in your homes! times are hard, but we can do this!
Besides, he knew he was in no place to do anything like that… not yet, at least. No, for the rest of the week he focused on resting as much as possible, only convincing Sam and Bucky twice of letting him walk through the halls for a few minutes, both times caught by Natasha; he had also talked,
matter). And, for the first time in a while, the young genius didn’t wake up with nightmares of what had happened with Green Goblin; instead, Bucky was shaking him awake, a gentle yet worried look on his face.
please tell me what do you think of it in the comments! thank you all!
Hi Guys!
Hi guys!
Here's a list of links in which you can donate/sign (and I'm sorry for not getting every link, I always feel like I miss a lot. Feel free to write a link, if you have one, in the comments:
It's Game Time
“Oh wow” Harley deadpanned “, here we have two mature adults with great potential for their futures - truly outstanding”
I saw Far From Home today. I'm not gonna say anything because that'd be spoilers and I'm sure not everyone who reads it has got the opportunity to see it yet. Just one little thing:
Hey! So, this is kind of a short story. I don't know how many chapters it'd be. I have them all written (when I'm stressed I write, and believe when I say I'm way too stressed right now), but I don't know how I'm going to divide it. Anyways, a few remarks:
The small group of superheroes remained silent, arriving at the room the rest of the family in New York was to see Peter’s press conference in. None of them made a real comment about it, which Peter deeply appreciated, and instead chose to talk about mundane topics, only Pepper getting closer a couple of minutes before Peter had to leave to touch up some details, like the collar of his shirt and some strands of hair that had fallen out of place, using that brief time to remind her nephew some stuff he had to know for the press conference.
“C’mon bro… this is an ideal situation, and you’ve already made a name for yourself. S.I would want you even if we hated each other”
“Only because grief did this to him” Peter pointed out, knowing he wasn’t winning that argument and yet not wanting to admit so “. I know he… I know he did some bad things, but he didn’t deserve to die, he just… deserved help”
“I agree” Vulture nodded “. they’ve always done this, always believe they are morally superior, and they managed to convince everyone in this city of the same thing. It’s time for us to show them otherwise”
Peter was pretty sure he was super responsible. He had been acing his tests at school AND he was keeping his secret identity from his Dad and Pops just fine.
Plus, the way I see it, Tony would've reacted a lot better if someone was right there, by his side. He finds about it in a peaceful environment, Steve is right there with him to help him understand everything, and Tony has time to think about it. He says he still is not okay with it, when he finds out, but he knows he has to separate Bucky from HYDRA.
… we were already seventeen, right?”
*Credo in te, piccolo mio. Ti voglio bene: I believe in you, my son. I love you.
“He’s at the Osborn’s mausoleum, isn’t he?” Tony asked, just to be sure. Peter nodded, confirming it.
With a nod and a rather forced smile, Peter turned the mic off and stepped outside the room, feeling like all the air left his lungs the moment he stepped into the hallway. Happy was there for his nephew, putting his arms around him to help Peter walk, both pretending it wasn’t completely necessary but rather Happy being overprotective. The bodyguard walked with him to the room all the family was in and let him fall into the arms of his Dads, who told him just how great he'd been. To Peter, however, it felt like he was day-dreaming, completely disassociated from the situation, from that place and moment in time. So, with a bit of effort, the young genius thanked his fathers, and the rest of the family that had made it there, and excused himself with an excuse he knew no one was truly buying. He only gave in to his fathers’ almost insistence of letting someone else take him home, getting into a car with Happy, and only muttering a goodbye before stepping out of the car. Luckily for the superhero, none of the media knew his actual address, so there were no reporters waiting to take the first picture of Peter after the press conference.
Okay, so Harry is there. Don't freak out.
Admittedly, the plan had been risky. The first time he’d seen Parker after green-lighting the whole thing, and after contacting the villains, the young genius had been walking through New York with Shuri of Wakanda (which did something to Harry’s jealous self, but he was ignoring that all together), careless expression and smile so genuine it tore the taller man’s heart once again. His father was
Steve and Tony talk
but, how will they react?
Also, IMPORTANT: I've published another work. I decided that from now on I'm publishing one-shots individually, and I'm going to start publishing the ones I've already written, only extending them a little. I.e, the one I published was extended maybe a thousand, two thousand words.
“Fine” Peter groaned, sipping some of his delicious coffee. Michelle laughed softly at him and stole one of his cookies “. Hey!”
Hey guys!
Love you all 3000, and I will see you next Wednesday :)
Hi! So, I really hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. I ended it with a bit of a cliffhanger, but not that big haha.
Oh, and leave your requests, if you have any!
... After all, he had the Parker Luck (TradeMark pending)
Now, if you didn't read it on the note at the beginning of the chapter:  I'm gonna do a third and last installment to this series (other than the one-shots and short-stories work). On the next chapter, I'll tell you guys the synopsis. Only thing I'll say: it's going to take place after Peter graduates high-school. Also, to everyone who wanted me to do FFH... I'm still thinking about it. If I do it'd either be on a short story in the work I already have, or via flashbacks in the new story.
“Only because I have people to be there for me” he whispered. And then he moved his mouth until it was grazing the shell of Harry’s ear, and whispered something else, something between the two, something final “. You can let go now, Harry. I got you, you can rest now”
“My point being: I know who he is as a superhero. He took me out of the fire even when I had all intentions to kill him just because that was the right thing to do. I don’t see that kid doing this, not with his rightfulness”
“Harley, dude, I just told you the intern deleted it”
Bucky went to the rescue then, breaking the contact Peter had with Harry’s corpse and taking him away. Peter seemed to fight a bit in his Uncle’s arms, and then he went terrifyingly limp.
The last test is next Monday, and after I do it I don't think I'll be writing. So, as sorry as I am, that means this week I won't be posting any chapters - as I said, I haven't had the chance to write. I hope you can all understand.
And don't forget to comment!
“I fear you’re right with that one,” Steve said, sighing. The Doctor was right, as much as it pained him; if it was his doing he would’ve kept his son safe and ignorant for a long time, but… Peter would have never allowed so. May put a reassuring hand on his bicep then, squeezing gently.
Sorry for not posting last Saturday; I've been having a few... big days, let's say. A lot of things have been happening, not all of them good, so I was not able to post when I had to. Anyway, writing is what makes everything better, so don't worry: I may miss a day, but I'm still here!
That's it, the secret's out
Peter fought with everything he had, knowing he wasn’t doing half a bad job - Vulture and Scorpio were getting tired, sloppier, but more desperate. On the other hand, Harry (Green Goblin, Peter knew he had to call Harry by that name now) was barely fighting, but merely watching the superhero get beaten up and growing increasingly worried when Spider-Man kept fighting back, and starting to win. The worrisome expression on his face didn’t last long though, because soon enough the rest of the clique came to the rescue, clearly mad about having been fooled as well. And, well… then it was six versus one. Which, factually, wasn’t ideal. And it was less because the three that had came then were the ones meant to fight him in the first place, the ones who had defeated him before - the ones powerful enough to do so again, especially if it was in a group of six.
“I’d be livid if that happened to me,” Harley said, smile big enough to make Peter want to kill him. One thing was for certain; Harley would’ve made an
“You have time to figure that out, son. And we’ll help you”
And a villain has him on the edge
Happily Ever After??
Sorry, I know this was later than usual, but I was with a few friends, watching Eurovision lmao, so it got pretty late. Anyway... enjoy the chapter!
Anyway, the press for Avengers: Endgame has started and I'm so excited! I love all the cast and it's always super fun to see them together!
“You are forgetting something, doll” the Captain murmured, lips pressed against his husband’s hairline.
Hiiii! So, I REALLY hope you guys liked, or even loved, the chapter!
The problem is not that Flash messes with him
The Spidey Gang starts to search everything they can find about Scarecrow
Okay, so I kind of want to explain myself. I know I could've done it differently, but at the same time: this is kind of logic, for me. Fury wanted them to rest, to make sure they're fine, and we're living in the social media era. It made sense for Steve to search for info about his family, and for him to find it like that. Dunno, it's something I'd never really done, and it seemed interesting, haha. Hope you guys liked it.
MJ calls
The next one shot should be up in the next couple of days! Hope you enjoy. Oh, and because I made you guys wait, here's a little preview:
whoops? I'd say sorry for the cliffhanger, but you guys should know I adore them by now.
“But do you want to?” Michelle asked, worrying her lower lip. Peter took another sip of his drink before answering, if anything to make her a bit nervous.
“I am not,” Harry said, bitterly laughing “, and you know I’m not, Parker. I never was, I- I never was like you, never meant to be. And the only good thing I had in me you took it the night you killed my father, the night where you decided to take him away from me”
“Because of the live footage,” Peter guessed, only receiving a nod from his Aunt. He sighed after a moment, not even trying to read the article (his headache quickly convincing him of so), and handed the tablet to Shuri, letting her read the thing to calm her curiosity down. Pepper was raising an eyebrow at him in a silent question: what now?”. Auntie… would it be possible to make a press conference?”
“And I trust you do, Peter. It’s time now, okay? We’ll all be here for you the moment you get back”
“This family” May replied “. This life. You groaned and… I just, to my mind came all the times you did that when you were younger. Back in the apartment, back with Ben, even back when you were barely two and Ben and your Dad pulled something on you”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve and Tony are finally okay, knowing Peter is fine...
Peter's staying with May for the moment
Also, SPIDEY IS BACK IN THE MCU, WOHOOOOO! God, I'm so happy he's back. It would've sucked if he suddenly disappeared from Marvel.
At least Michelle hadn’t published confidential information, like ever had been fearing (the conversation between Shuri, the journalist and him after one attack really present in his mind), but that would also likely mean a suing issue, especially if Pepper got a hold of it. Still, Peter could appreciate it - he knew Michelle’s would have benefited from it if she had done it, although it could have, potentially, ruined their friendship. However, there
And Tony... well, he can't even begin to expect what he's about to discover
Peter lost the battle...
of PR’s
It's going to be multi-chapter, but I actually don't know if I should publish them all here or make another story, like, out of here, and actually make it a little bit longer. It's up to you guys! So, tell me at the end of this chapter, and also at the end of the second chapter! Then I'll decide.
PLEASE tell me what you thought of this chapter and even of this story! As always, leave also kudos if you want/can. And... thank you again, from the bottom of my heart. Thank you for reading (and see you on the sequel!)
Bye, and Happy Holidays!
“Hey, Pep,” Peter said, interrupting her train of thought. She hummed to make him know she’d heard him and entered the elevator with him “, I am meeting Flash and a few other friends in a bar in a few minutes - reckon I can tell him about the Berlin trip?”
NOW, on to the important question: so, a few of you lovely readers have asked about infinity war. I said a while ago that I wasn't planning on doing it, mainly because it'd differ from the storyline I originally imagined. However, now that I've thought about it, there's a possibility IW makes an appearance. I don't know how it would be, or how similar to the movie I'd make it, but I've been thinking about it. If I do it, however, it would be a sequel. So, a separate book from this one. Same background story, just focused on IW. Now, the question is: do you guys want me to do the sequel? Because, if so, then I'd seriously think about doing it.
“I know” Tony sighed “. And I think we both know why, we’re just… too afraid to say it”
“Yeah” Peter nodded, finally realizing they had been left alone for an incredibly rare large amount of time (aka a couple of minutes, but in a battle that was extremely rare). Looking around for a moment, his breath caught in his throat when he realized it wasn’t just his fathers fighting alongside him, but the entire team, even people Peter didn’t know where in the city - even the Gods, supposed to be at New Asgard.
But. does Tony know about the folder? Will he?
I love you all! Oh, and by the way, this is sort of a long chapter.
So he’d planned the final battle, had made sure they were not only going to attack Peter, but to destroy what he loved. He knew the Avengers had moved Upstate after hearing Peter’s news (had seen the footage and had had people actually confirming it), and he knew something that was, maybe, most important: May Parker had stayed behind, tied to her schedule as a nurse at the hospital. If Happy was still in the city he didn’t exactly know, but that didn’t matter- three villains against two defenseless civilians would be no problem, as much as Happy was an experienced bodyguard, right? More so, Peter’s secret apartment was at a distance enough for him to be too late to rescue her Aunt - not to mention Harry was sending the other three villains to that apartment, ready to attack Peter when he least suspected it, just when he’d quit Spider-Man and didn’t have his suit with him - not even
“Glad to be here” Peter answered, smiling charmingly at her. Abeer smiled back, aware of how many people in the audience were just
I copy what I wrote above:
PLEASE leave comments and kudos because they motivate me SO much!
“I know you think you’re protecting Peter, and that honors you. But right now we can’t do anything to stop him: just wait for news and hope he’s not going to kill himself in the process of whatever he’s doing. So if you can tell us what’s going on, that’d be greatly appreciated”
Gods, he hated it. He hated to see Harry’s name there, he hated to know Harry’s body was resting there, unresponsive,
Hi! Sorry it's late, I lost track of time...
he knew how to do it, had probably seen videos upon videos of his own father fighting (and maybe, Peter tried not to think, he’d seen the last fight as well), but never really trained. And Spider-Man
Peter has an important decision to make, once again
“Meeting went well though?” Ned asked, handing him a drink they had already ordered for him. Peter accepted it with a smile on his face and nodded, sipping some of it before answering.
Hi guys!
. On his best days since Harry had died, Peter could pretend to forget about it, to just ignore the fact that Harry was dead. On his worst ones, every time he dared to close his eyes the broken look of his ex-lover came to his mind, without fail. Either way, in both cases Peter knew better than go and visit Harry at his resting place, had done it just twice in all the time his friend had been there. But, despite how hard it was for him, Peter had known a visit was due.
Peter had hummed at that, observing Shuri’s face for a long moment. It’d been a while since he had confessed his feelings (since Shuri had done so as well), but… he knew he was always going to care about her, no matter what “. Yeah” he whispered after a few moments “. It really, really does”
“What are you doing here?” Green Goblin asked then, not even trying to keep his cool. And it was normal, the genius decided - Harry had thrown himself into being a villain to try to revenge his father, had done so through the power his family still had, to connections and force of will. But, and Peter had known Harry, so he
Alright, bye!!
View is having a field trip about it, so they can be thanking you whenever this is over. However, Jay, this one is not like the rest, and we both know it”
It's just, Tony... Tony is overthinking, as usual
“Well” Harley murmured then, playing with his thumbs “, I may know something. Or everything, I don’t know”
did his parents manage to lead the Avengers and not die of stress in the process? Or not get a complete head of grey hair before forty? Well, actually scratch that. Peter
WHAT?
“I tried to kill you” he said “, I stabbed you as well, you… why are you here?”
Peter tells Michelle some news...
PLEASE leave a comment and or kudos if can or want to! In the last chapter barely any of you commented, so let me know what you think about the story so far!
(See the end of the chapter for
PS: it's literally 1 am where I live, and there's someone playing the guitar while singing, a few rooms from mine. wtf dude. why. WHY.
Hi again, guys!
Anyways, here's the next chapter!
Byeeee!
So, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, and don't forget to tell me which couples you want to see in here, and also who you want Peter to end up with.
The Superhusbands are about to lose their... minds
So, I'm being a good girl, and I'm not leaving you guys with a huge cliffhanger, for once. I hope you guys liked the explanation I gave; there was one of you who actually came close to this, in the comments. He didn't remember Steve, per se, BUT he had the feeling he used to have when he was a baby. So, that's something.
PLEASE leave a comment and kudo (if you want) if you liked this chapter, and I'll read you soon!
PLEASE leave a comment and if you can/want, kudos! Bye!
Tony is lowkey terrified
Ta-da! The Chapter is done!
I know it can seem like Tony "forgives" Steve way too easily, maybe. The way I see it, Tony can be stubborn, but he (kind of) has this dependency with people. He has had two years to think about everything, to think about Steve's actions. He understands why he did what he did. He loves Steve, and he knows Steve loves him back. Tony is a genius, and as emotional constipated he can get, he's not an idiot. So he knows he loves and needs Steve, and he also misses him. That's why he decides to open a door for him.
Peter was hurt.
“He got his ass beat, multiple times” he told Peter “.
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you want, thank you so much for reading!
“Do I need to remind you Ned caught your lie in, like, two minutes?” MJ said, fake sweetness just pouring off of her. Peter stuck his tongue at her again and looked back at his best friend.
It seems like Steve can't get the forgiveness of his only son, but... what if someone helps him?
so he calls someone
“It has been a process” Peter told Abeer, smiling gently at her “. But, you know, I’d been trained for years to step in so when it happened it felt natural. Still, I am aware I have big shoes to fill, and I am incredibly grateful for my amazing Team and my Amazing Family, who help me fully embrace this role I have acquired. The Avengers Team lost a few of its most powerful members, but don’t worry… we have a strong team, and we have plans”
Peter and Bucky go to St.Cloud
To know when you can read the next chapter, please answer what I asked at notes above.
“Yeah, gotcha” Peter murmured while rolling his eyes, leaving his bed in order to find some coffee. He could hear his Uncle following him, and right there he decided that he was going to forget about the article - at least for the time being” Now c’mon, Uncle B, we have to get ready… we’re in the endgame now”
“Sorry I’m late dudes, some intern completely messed up the work I did on the new coding” Ned panted, taking off his jacket while going to search for a drink, sitting between Flash and Harley on the couch. The latter of the two laughed softly at that, which made his surrogate brother look at him with a promise of silent death in his eyes.
Please comment and if you can leave kudos! I really need to see if you guys like this story, and it motivates me to keep going!
since Ned had started working for another company, and since he’d told Peter he wanted to feel like he deserved to work at S.I for something other than being the heir’s best friend. Now that Shuri had told Peter about her impending moving back to Wakanda, and now that Peter was pretty much taking over S.I, enough was enough - he was going to convince Ned to join him in S.I, even if he had to kidnap him.
And maybe, this time, Peter had been too fed-up, too tired, too mad and sad about the fact that Harry didn’t care if he lived or not, that he hated him with everything he had. So without thinking, and rather acting on instinct, Spidey broke the knife off of the glove, and tried to throw it away. But things didn’t go as planned, just as they rarely did, and Harry tried to stab him again, fighting for the control of the knife - he, however, forgot once again Peter was much, much stronger than him, even when he was as hurt as he was and, after rolling on the ground for a minute, the fight stilled once again… and this time, it was Harry the one who went limp. When Peter looked down, the knife was poking out of his chest.
... so what happens with Peter now?
hope you enjoyed the chapter and also, fun fact: I just completely changed the next chapter's ending, so... that's fun lmao.
, for which I am a bit salty”
“Yeah” Peter nodded “. And I guess, if we have to be totally honest here… it hurt because you are my ex-girlfriend, after all, so… it felt even worse”
All in all- if the plan worked - Peter was going to meet his end by the end of that same day, which… Harry knew was good. He
“It’s good to see you, Honey,” Steve said, petting Peter’s cheek affectionately “. Want to sit down with us? We know maybe your little hyperactive heart implodes, but it’ll do you good”
Hope you enjoy the chapter! This one's even longer than the last one haha
Next chapter is here! Gosh, I'm in a bit of a hurry because tomorrow I have my first final! I think I know it well, but it was a lot of info... so we'll see. Anyway, I had this week's chapters already written, so there you go!
I hope you all liked the chapter! Things are progressing now, and what will Harry want? Only time (and chapters) will tell.
“Aw, is there trouble in Wonder Twins paradise?” Bucky had asked, smiling teasingly at Natasha, whom just proceded to glare at him. Peter, on the other hand, snickered at his Uncle’s comment, noticing that even when Bucky looked worn down and had a few scratches, he looked mostly okay.
“No freak-outs, don’t worry,” Shuri said, laughing softly “. I mean, they’re all a bit worried about you, which I think it’s normal… but they’re very proud of you. Bucky warned them to let you breathe at dinner, though, so I don’t think it will be too bad”
you're all the best!
“Because we let ourselves grow” Peter nodded “. So, you and me… how about we do the same? We don’t think about being a right time, and rather… we just think we’re lucky to have each other. Okay?”
“Better than anything” Peter murmured. Bucky laughed at his words, ruffling his unkempt hair with fondness.
Awwww look at how cute they are!
Next chapter is one of my favorites that I've written so far, so I really hope you guys enjoy it. Please, don't kill me or stop reading this story, there are still a few chapters left haha
i'll try to get the next chapter asap, but i can't promise anything. as i'm sure you all know, uni has to come first. but please, leave a comment so i know what you thought of this chapter, and maybe of the story overall!
Peter laughed and agreed, sitting in the chair his Dads always left free for him, knowing their kid liked to impromptu visit them.
And the chapter is done!
(See the end of the chapter for
The comments I've been receiving about IW theories are pretty good so far, but I really want to hear more, so don't be shy and tell me!
“Not to mention all the crazy shit that happened once you entered our lives again” Tony pointed out “. Our lives are a bit eventful, you could say”
Hi guys! Chapter is done, and I hope you all liked it!
“Yeah man, we all have” Flash pointed out. Peter smiled softly at them and exchanged looks with Shuri, who subtly arched an eyebrow in a silent question. The superhero nodded almost imperceptibly at that, which was all the slightly older genius needed to step aside to let the small group of friends in. Ned went almost running to Peter, although he did stop a foot away from him, unsure of Peter’s physicality. The slightly taller man laughed at his best friend’s tact and closed the distance between them, engulfing his oldest friend in a bone-crushing hug. Ned hugged back enthusiastically, hiding his face in the crook of Peter’s neck and fisting the genius’ t-shirt.
. Truly, I do.
“Tomorrow it is” Tony nodded “. Did you seriously forget?”
“Well… I’ve been thinking, lately, that even when we’ve adapted well to the retirement of my Dads and Auntie Nat, things are going to change soon. Godfather Bruce will leave this year, and I know Uncle Clint wants to retire as well, spend more time with his family… I do know he has a plan as to what he leaves behind, although he hasn’t told me about it yet”
is what was killing me inside. I just-I don’t get it” the Princess whispered, trusting Peter’s super-hearing would catch her words “… you know I’m one of the smartest people on Earth, if not the smartest, you
And Peter, well... he wants to do something else
So, Peter and Bucky start the training! And it seems like the teenager trusts his new teacher more and more.
They're in the spaceship now
(See the end of the chapter for
PLEASE comment so I can know.
Team Titan has a plan
Not much surprise there - Bucky was dying to see him, so he hadn’t left the waiting room, not for one minute. After having that much necessary talk with his parents and crying and hugging each other for a bit, Peter asked them to let his Uncle inside. Both of his parents agreed immediately, telling their kid they would give them privacy and use that time to ask Natasha or Fury for information on what the public knew. Once they knew Peter was okay with that, they let Bucky into the room and left it themselves.
May turned her head around, smiling sweetly at her nephew as he approached the bench she was sitting on, on the edge of the beautiful Lake the house was next of. Peter sat next to her, and she took some time to just
(See the end of the chapter for
hiii again!
“And we keep tabs of what the workers really do” Peter confirmed “. It’s more organized this way, you know? And less upsetting when something like this happens… which has been a lot lately, hasn’t it?”
First of all, I'm SO SORRY for not posting on Wednesday! Next week is Thanksgiving here in Canada, and we have the reading week (a.k.a, a week off), and so the teachers thought it would be super funny to charge us with a lot of homework for this past week. I spent Wednesday night doing homework for a class I had the next day (and when I say spent, I mean I was up doing stuff until four a.m). The next day I remembered I'd forgotten, but then that day I also forgot to upload it, and so I thought I'd leave it for Saturday. So, so so sorry. I hope it doesn't happen again.
“You had your Aunt” Tony interrupted him once more, again not ungently “. And Ned, and even Michelle. They all knew you when you were a kid… you met Ned before your parents were gone, didn’t you?”
“Give it up!” Harry yelled, panting heavily and growing increasingly frustrated. It wasn’t like Peter wasn’t tired - he wasn’t panting, but his body still ached all over from the previous fight they had been having, and his muscles still yelled in agony and exhaustion, which was only making it harder for Peter to keep fighting. He knew he had to put an end to the fight soon, but didn’t know-how.
-He has returned home and is getting closer with his parents.
(See the end of the chapter for
And done! I know some of you ask me about what was going to happen, and for me this was it. I mean, Peter's been the one to search for his parents, AND to go to their house to talk to them. It was time for the Superhusbands to step up and act like Peter's parents.
“It is” MJ nodded “. But now what, Peter?”
See you soon!
“No doubt about it” MJ agreed again, making Peter laugh. She observed him in silent for a long moment, although it was not uncomfortable “. You know… it’s a good look on you, Peter. This happiness… is a good look”
(See the end of the chapter for
“God, that seems like
Anyways, thanks for reading the A/N, enjoy the chapter!
Peter visits the Compound
“That is so, you little genius of mine” May said, smiling big and sweetly. They stayed in a comfortable silent for a few more minutes, until the smell of the grill was too good to ignore, and only then they went back to their family, whom were already gathering around the (admittedly huge) table that had been set for all of them to eat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Okay, so here it was!
we're getting close to the end, so tell me how you want this story to actually end in the comments!
Enjoy the chapter, bye!
Steve rolled his blue eyes at his husband, looking back at their son with a soft smile in his face “. Everything okay, Pete? Your Uncle B told us you trained together this morning”
I hope you all liked it! The next one I don't know when it'll be, but hopefully soon! And I have a few ideas you guys told me that I really like, so I'm dying to finally write those! You can always tell me what you want to see here!
“May…”
“So it could be plausible they knew the way to stop Peter’s healing system,” Shuri said, arriving at the same conclusion as Tony. The genius nodded to her words, both feeling satisfied for arriving at a conclusion and worried about the subject being Peter.
, an emergency broadcast startled them out of their shock.
“Agree with that one, my Captain” Tony murmured, seemingly (and thankfully) calmer than a few minutes before “. He’s the best thing that has happened to me, and to us… let’s just hope, now, that nothing happens to destroy that”
Okay, that's all, bye! Love you all 3000!
Anway, PLEASE leave a comment so I know what you guys thought of the chapter! It'd mean a lot, thanks!
Oh God, I have an awful cold. Weather in Poland (where I'm living rn, only for a few months tho) is crazyyy. Anyway, an important question: who do you want to be in the 'New' Avengers Team? It's not like it'll happen now, but I'd like to know
I hope you guys liked the chapter!
What happens now?
we could work, rather than ourselves without the other, if that makes any sense. And right now you have to think about your career and try to not be
May has to talk to her nephew
“I guess” Peter conceded “. But I don’t want to be naïve either, you know? If we get a couple of years where things are quieter than usual, then great. But I know at some point they’ll get crazy once again. It’s what’s been happening all along, hasn’t it?”
I really hope you guys liked it, and that you also like the storyline I'm introducing. I was also hoping you guys like the fact that May was a big part of this chapter. I know some of you were worried Peter was forgetting about her, but, as it is shown in this chapter: that could not be further from the truth.
“I’ll take it from here, don’t worry”
(See the end of the chapter for
Shuri looked at it with her heart caught in her throat. She knew how difficult it had to be for Peter - she guessed everyone actually knew that-, how much it’d be killing him to fight Harry, to know everything he knew now. She watched, feeling her legs shake, how they rolled onto the ground, fighting and clearly yelling some things to one another. And then, for a moment, they paused, shocked by something that had happened -what, they didn’t know, the footage wasn’t that weird. The two rivals broke off then, Peter throwing Harry away a few feet from him, and putting a hand on his stomach, which no one at the apartment liked one bit. They all tried to ignore the reporter’s voice pointing out the obvious: Spidey had been hurt, and badly, apparently. Instead, they chose to keep watching the footage, seeing how the Avenger threw himself at Harry, once again, both rolling on the ground. And, like before, after a while, they just stopped, both clearly shocked about something else. When Spider-Man broke away they all saw what had happened, and gasped:
And in a present time, what is Peter going to do with the new villains? Hopefully his Dads can put some sense into his head
-Steve doesn't know for sure it's Bucky who murders Tony's parents. All he has is a suspicion.
As always, leave a prompt if you have one and want to tell me!
“No, I’m going to move back to the Tower… I’ll keep the apartment in Queens, it’s too good to let go anyway, and it can serve me as a me space, you know?”
Hi! So yeah, miss little cliffhanger it's here!
Anyway, enjoy!
what I did was… in the name of justice, I think. But it hurts to know I wasn’t able to help Harry”
“I’m really glad you finally see that, you dummy. I really thought you’d never do it”
“No” Spider-Man replied “, I’m letting my team help me, because it’s what I’ve should’ve done for a long time. Besides, this way this is fair, isn’t it? Rather than six versus one”
“I’m fine, Uncle B” Peter tried to tell him, but knew his Uncle just needed to check for himself. For when he had done it, Peter was feeling just a tad bit impatient, although he tried to tell himself Bucky had just been worried for him, which was fine.
“I know” the superhero whispered, casting his eyes down once again and playing with a thread of the soft blanket Tony had dropped over him a few minutes before, despite being in the middle of the summer.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
I really hope you enjoyed this chapter! Next one should be up next week! Leave comments and kudos, please, they motivate me so much and make my day!
well... I do know I ended the chapter with some sort of a cliffhanger, again, and I kinda apologise for that.
So, big question... if I do a sequel about the events of Infinity War, what would you like to see happening?
Love you all 3000!
After
Steve was doing the right thing, helping Bucky, but he had to trust his husband, tell him what was going on. Steve was on the edge, constantly, and maybe having Tony with him would help him. Tony always seemed to have a relaxing effect on the soldier, specially since they had gotten together. Still, she shut up, and tried to sleep for a while. Russia was going to be hard.
you need to voice whatever is going on in that little genius head of yours, or it will eventually implode”
“It made me upset” he finally said, putting his hand up to stop his ex-girlfriend from interrupting him “. I realized this is not something you intended to, MJ, and I know this is your job, just like you understood I had to pull this stunt in order to stop Harry” Michelle nodded to his words, calming down a bit. It wasn’t much as she was feeling defensive, but more like the need to make Peter understand she had meant no harm “. But I still felt bad about it, okay? Just… try to put it into perspective, try to turn things around. Imagine if you were the superhero and I the journalist, just… try to”
“Well, they’ll always be Avengers. Right now, though, it’s good they decided to stay on the ground. They’ve done their part”
“We’ll see about that” Peter murmured, and waited a moment for Harry to attack him first, which- of course, he did. Peter jumped out of the way the last second, letting Harry crash against May and Happy’s wall. The green villain was not happy with it, however, so he charged again soon after. Peter sighed, already expecting that style of fighting- the one he’d seen in countless villains who thought they were going to be the ones to defeat Spider-Man - never worked.
I think we should prepare ourselves, be ready to help Peter out the second he calls, because I sure hope he does call”
“It’s okay, Dad. Again, nothing we can change. But still… it shook me. And… I think the War, and being far from you for the first time since it’d finished made me desperate to find some ground to stand on. And Harry, he…”
And he’d
Also, if you haven't read the A/N at the beginning, I also want to say that, on the work (situated in this AU) where I'll do one-shots, you can also ask for a story that would take something that already happened and change it! For example, let's say you guys want to know what would've happened if they didn't search for Peter when he was fifteen; things like that.
Okay, that's all! Love you 3000!
Also, Tony has a funny encounter.
reminded him on Twitter, and… well, everywhere else, too.
hi! again, sorry for taking so long, i write whenever i have the time, but it's hard with finals and stuff. however, i've been writing a lot for the last couple of days, so here's a new chapter!
that Harry hadn’t trained, not really. He was doing this because he
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment so I can know what you guys thought! Also, IMPORTANT question, because I'm still trying to decide and I see you guys have different opinions.
“I know he can do this” the engineer interrupted him “, I’m not saying otherwise. It doesn’t stop me from feeling like something bad’s gonna happen”
HIIIII
“It’s so nice out here” May said after a few minutes of nothingness, smiling even bigger when Peter put his head on her shoulder, kissing it and resting her own cheek against it a product of muscle memory.
Peter has just ran away from his Father...
“It doesn’t feel like I did my part though” Peter complained “, it doesn’t feel
So he's on a flying doughnut...
What happened? Is he okay?
Michelle knows his identity
“Yeah, I think I’m starting to understand… thing is, forgetting about it, and getting upset by it, made me think about our whole relationship, you know? Made me reflect on it”
- it’d been
Thank you so much for reading!
Hi! So, so, so, so sorry for being this late! I know I told you guys about the trip, but I still promised a chapter last week! But, I came home from Venice ( and, yeah, I spent the whole trip thinking that I was in the same spot they'd filmed FFH... I kept looking for the spots we've seen in the trailer, lol) on Tuesday and on Wednesday was my first day of class! So I didn't have time to write, and the first week was fun and stressful, and I saw a lot of people I hadn't seen in months, due to me spending the first semester in Toronto... so yeah, I was quite busy.
… it is
“I’m fine” Peter reminded her “. Have you talked to Doctor Cho or my parents?”
“You’d be correct” Pepper nodded “. C’mon, come inside with me, it’s better if Peter has someone else there with him”
(See the end of the chapter for
Also, I really hope everyone's okay and taking care of themselves. Please remember a pandemic is still going on - so be safe. I'm lucky enough no one I know (nor myself) has been affected by it in a huge way (knock on wood), but still- it is very scary.
Bucky is freaking out. Sam is freaking out. Peter is unconscious
They're there
“Right” Shuri nodded, extracting her hand from Peter’s (which had stung, but had been totally understood)”, so… I guess we’re sort of right person, wrong time?”
Also, please leave a comment and tell me what you thought of this chapter, and thank you so much for reading!
Hope you guys liked the chapter! Peter thinks he has found the safe spot, so let's see if his right in the next chapter!
Anyway, enjoy!
Things took a wrong turn with May...
(See the end of the chapter for
“Which is what I asked of you,” Harry said, bringing the attention back to him “. I know Peter, or at least I know how he thinks. If he sees something wrong he tries to fix it: as simple as that. Seeing something wrong and being unable to do a thing about it? It’s driving him
. His Dad made a mean grill, especially if Sam was helping him out.
To be honest, one of my favorite Marvel Movies, and my favorite Spiderman movie. If I have to be COMPLETELY honest, I even liked it more than Endgame... so yeah, watch it when you can and we can talk about it!
Enjoy!
“Yes,” Peter nodded, smiling to his Uncle and silently walking to where his parents were, both looking a bit nervous but still put together for their kid “. Hi, Dads”
someone. Part of losing someone like that included not being able to talk to them anymore, and Peter knew. He’d known since he had had to lose his parents back when he was a kid, he’d known when he’d had to lose Ben, years later. Ben, who had told him (back when he was a scared little kid, wanting his parents to come back as soon as possible) that you could still talk to those you’d lost, and the genius had believed his Uncle, too desperate to do otherwise. Now, however, at twenty-four, practically twenty years had gone by since that talk and now Peter realized that those talks were just to try to get some of the comfort you’d lost back… but were in no way something tangible, something
That being said, PLEASE leave a comment telling me your thoughts on this one shot and if you have any ideas for future ones! Also, leave kudos if you can/want to! (PS: omg, how amazing was Captain Marvel AND the trailer(s) for Endgame and Far From Home?)
Hi again! I hope you enjoyed this chapter... the end is coming.
PLEASE leave comments and kudos, and thanks for reading! Bye!
Will that be enough to win the War, though?
Btw, important: there won't be a new chapter this Saturday. I'm leaving for NY tomorrow for a few days, returning Monday, so I won't be able to write nor post. Sorry about that! I know I had a really mini hiatus not so long ago! I promise after this the posting schedule will go back to normal.
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want to. And, actually, I have a question for you guys. Some of you tell me where you are from, sometimes, and I find that super interesting.
... now the question is: what did Peter do after?
“Hey, it’s okay, it’s fine” the superhero whispered, rocking them both back and forth and trying not to sob while doing it “. I forgive you, okay? I only remember the good stuff, Har”
So, how are you guys? I hope you're all okay!
Two big things: we finally know who the guy is! I changed his story a bit, and it'll be show next chapter, to adapt it to this Universe, but I hope you guys like it! Two, there's a bit of Spideychelle for all of the people who were asking it, or loving the blossoming relationship between those two! There's gonna be something between them, that's for sure... the romance, however, I don't know if it'll be in this book or in the sequel... I really wanted to show their friendship, as you all know.
(See the end of the chapter for
PLEASE leave a comment so I know what you guys thought of this chapter, and feel free to tell me something you want to see in this story!
“Wait though” Vulture intervened “, you may sort of know Parker, but I am the one who fought Spider-Man and who could see the human part of him, remember?”
“Harry, I just want to stop this” he say, not even caring to deny he was begging. But hey, if they could get easy on it, Peter wasn’t exactly complaining. He wanted justice, and to make Harry pay for his crimes, but he didn’t want to hurt him, not him “. This isn’t you, this never was you - you’re different, you are better than this”
So, I hope you enjoyed the chapter! I really liked writing the different reactions of people to the break-up. And don't worry, you guy will get the Superhusbands'! It just didn't feel right in this chapter, and it would've made it too long. But the next chapter will have a lot of fluff!
MICHELLE
“It’s clever, guys, not manic,” he said, trying to defend himself. They heard a scoff and watched Flash coming out of the elevator, looking at Peter judgementally.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ta-da! This story is done!
“I agree with Dumb and Genius over there, Nedo, it does suck… how can it happen though? Interns should not have that access in the first place”
(See the end of the chapter for
Hope you liked the chapter. It was shorter than usual, but to be honest, this chapter and last chapter was supposed to be just one. I was frustrated by how short this one was, which was partly why I was not posting it, but today I say: f it, I'll just post it and then get on with the heavy part of the story in the next chapter. Which, reminds me to tell you all: get ready. Peter's last sentence just goes to tell you how the next chapters will be.
“Lazy day?” He asked, startling them. Both superheroes smiled at the sight of their son and stood up to greet him with warm hugs, going to sit around the living room once they made sure of that.
Well, that's all, I think. Enjoy the chapter!
Hi guys!
So, what happens when something goes wrong?
Peter sighed at her question, looking away for a good minute until he looked back at her. At that moment, MJ realized it’d been a while since she’d seen Peter that vulnerable around her, probably since Chicago. Even when they’d hung out after her return to the city, Peter had been keeping a lot to himself “. Look, MJ… it’s nothing bad per se, but I… I meant what I said before, about going to therapy. I want to make things better, to finally be
“That it does” Tony sighed, hand running through his hair and messing it up. Steve kissed it reverently, nesting his cheek against it after doing so “. Steve, you saw how broken he was back when Norman died and Harry pushed him out of his life. I don’t want to go back to that”
“She does that a lot” Harley agreed “. So my condolences, bro”
“I think they’re settling down remarkably well” Peter finally said, smile a bit more fond and sweet now that he was talking about his parents “. It’ll take a bit more for them to completely embrace it, but they’re getting used to it… and as I said, they definitely deserve some rest. They’ve done their part”
Shuri and Peter start to look for apartments
because I knew I could’ve helped you, had you given me the chance”
Omg, I just saw Endgame for the second time (yesterday) and I loved it even more. Anyway, enjoy the chapter! (btw I know I said three chapters... but it's gonna be four)
Hi guys!
So, I really hope you guys loved the one-shot! I had a really fun time writing it, and I'm already thinking of a new one, so it won't be that long until I post again!
Peter huffed a laugh then, ignoring the excruciating pain he himself was in, and cradled Harry’s head, giving his forehead one last kiss.
Bucky and Peter start the training
Here's a list of links in which you can donate/sign (and I'm sorry for not getting every link, I always feel like I miss a lot. Feel free to write a link, if you have one, in the comments:
Hope you guys loved it. Please, leave comment and, if you really liked it, kudos! Really makes me want to keep going. I'll see you guys soon, bye!
Get ready...
“Dad” Peter cried, watching as his Dad pushed Harry away and rushed to Peter’s side, putting his hands on his shoulders and helping him stand up. Steve was there a second after, helping his husband and making sure their son was okay “. Papa, what are you doing here?”
“Thank you all for coming” Peter finally said, his voice laced with practiced confidence, way more steady than he had thought he could ever do “. I am aware my past actions have raised a lot of questions and confusion, but I hope everything is cleared up after today “another deep breath,
Steve hummed, thinking his husband’s words over in his head. He could understand him - of course he could, as seeing Peter in pain while unable to do something about it was on the top five of Steve’s worst moments (although nothing was going to top that brief but excruciating period of time he thought his boys had died while in space, that was for sure), but things had changed since then.
“I guess” Peter nodded “. I think that we’ve always thought about
“That you’re moving on” Bucky shrugged his shoulders, moving closer so he could put a comforting arm around his kid’s shoulders “, that you’re healing. It’s not a bad thing you had to be reminded of it, James”
at her kid, relish in his relaxed posture and content smile. They both took their time to just breathe in deeply, savouring some peaceful silent moments.
But, has he?
Btw, important: there won't be a new chapter this Saturday. I'm leaving for NY tomorrow for a few days, returning Monday, so I won't be able to write nor post. Sorry about that! I know I had a really mini hiatus not so long ago! I promise after this the posting schedule will go back to normal.
Now that Nat and Bucky have discovered what was Peter's fate... what's gonna happen?
-Peter is Stony's biological son.
“Yeah, but it was going on for
(See the end of the chapter for
love you all 3000, and please be safe!
Okay, so, um... hi *goes to hide, terrified*
Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! If so, PLEASE leave a comment, or kudo, or -if you can- both! Thank you so much for reading, see you soon!
“Which is?”
Don't worry, it's a two-part story, so the next one should be coming soon! Probably on Monday, don't know yet for sure. I hope you all liked this first part!
PLEASE leave a comment below and if you can/want, kudos!
I'm aware I've been away for a while, to say the least.  Some things happened in my personal life that just made it hard to sit and write, less alone to actually do it in a way I felt was right for this story. But I finally did it, and my writers block seems to be finally fading, so... expect more things from me in the near future!
Now, enjoy the chapter!
Well, tomorrow there's a new chapter of my Story, so hope you like that, and I'll see you next time! Bye! Oh, and don't forget to comment and leave kuddos! It motivates me so much
See you soon!
Damn... I didn't ever think ending the chapter in a cliffhanger was going to feel this good, or fun, lmao
Hi guys!
And the Spidey Gang has a meeting
Another thing, actually an important question right here: do you guys want shorter chapters, but more often, or larger chapters and not that regularly?
... well, don't kill me, please.
I seriously love writing Shuri and Peter scenes... they're so pure.
“He was just that” Tony guessed. Peter nodded timidly, confirming it wordlessly “. And, just a guess here, that’s why you were so mad every time I tried to get you away from him. I was trying to tear down the floor you were standing on, wasn’t I?”
PLEASE, leave a comment so I can know what you guys thought of the chapter.
Will it be okay, though?
All of his friends felt themselves break a bit for Peter - especially Shuri, Flash, Ned, and MJ, who were all too aware of the complicated story between the two. Harley also suffered for his brother, but he himself hadn’t known every detail about the relationship, only what Peter had told him - enough to know it had created beef between fathers and son.
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment to tell me what you thought. Things are going to start happening now in this story, and fast... so be prepared.
“Almost,” Pepper said, hiding a smile when she saw the expression in her nephew’s face, way too similar to his father’s. She couldn’t blame him though - they had been in a meeting for around four hours (edging way too close to five), and in a good day both Starks barely got through short ones, both of their minds too restless and hyperactive to stay rested for long periods of time.
Another chapter! I hope you like it! Btw, the Oscars have finally acknowledged Marvel! Honestly, if Infinity War doesn't win for visual effects I will riot. Anyway, enjoy the chapter!
“And we're back with today’s guest, Peter Stark-Rogers. As always, it’s incredibly nice to see you, Peter”
Will Peter decide if he wants to take the next step?
“That bad?” Pepper asked, biting her lower lip elegantly. Shuri shrugged, bringing her arms up to hug herself.
“Maybe later” Peter murmured. Tony nodded, and then squeezed the shoulder he was still resting his hand on, gaining his son’s attention.
“I know” Peter nodded, probably more sure than he’d ever been. He took a couple of minutes to put his thoughts in order, but he knew his parents were patient with him and were going to wait whatever time he needed “. I was talking to Harry before” he murmured after a while “, because I just had to see him today. And… I was thinking how upset I was because I’d forgotten our anniversary, which is a first. Uncle Buck told me it’s okay, that me forgetting means I’m moving on and healing”
“That’s manipulative” Ned groaned in complain, throwing his head back and hitting the back of the sofa. The rest of the friends agreed with the Filipino man, all laughing.
“That’s what I think, yeah” Peter nodded “. And I feel so… selfish. I know this is partly not my fault, and I know Harry was using me as well, but… well, I think I latched onto him so desperately because he was, in a way, solid ground. And I have to figure out how big of a part that played in our relationship. I know I had feelings for him, but… I don’t know how big those were, or how much I fixated on them because it felt like something normal”
Actually, there's something important about this story:
He hadn’t seen his friends outside of the Avengers & Affiliates yet, but he wasn’t too surprised about it; ever since the explosion the security of the Tower had been higher than ever, and also: Peter wasn’t a fool. He knew his father was incrementing the security of the Tower to give Peter an excuse to use with his friends, knowing his son wouldn’t be up to interact with them either way. Peter was silently grateful for that.
“You tried” Bucky reminded him “, you didn’t want to hurt him, Peter, but he hurt you first. And you should not forget Harry was old enough to know what he was doing, okay? He wanted this, he chose this path”
“I know” he nodded “, but I also know that with you out there I would’ve just… worried the whole time. And not because I thought you wouldn’t be able to fight” Peter hurried to say when he saw Shuri ready to argue again “, but because I would be thinking of how much Harry would be trying to get to you, to hurt you, just in order to hurt me. I know you would’ve been able to fight him, too, and most likely win without help, but that wasn’t the problem, Shur. The problem was
anyway, please leave a comment to let me know what you thought about this chapter, and thank you so much for reading!
(See the end of the chapter for
“They loved to do that” Peter nodded, a soft smile perched in his face. Those moments were some of the only ones he remembered of his father, so he treasured them “. Mom and you usually took me away from them”
HI! Sorry for taking so long, I had some crazy days haha. Well, this is a requested one-shot, so I hope you guys like it!
So sorry for not posting on Wednesday. I had a really bad cold and a test today! The test went well btw. I have another one next Saturday, but I really hope that one goes well, too.
“Have I ever told you how funny you are?” Bucky asked, instead of answering.
Ta-da! One-shot is done!
Before any of you says something, I wanted to explain why the final fight was like that. So, a lot of you were thinking Peter was going to be kidnapped and saved by his Dads (almost all of you, or at least almost everyone who commented haha), and I received a few comments that had the theory of something bad happening to the husbands and it being Peter's fault...
“But-“
Ta-da! Done!
Hi guys!
Hope you liked this last chapter!
Don't worry guys, I did not forget about the chapter, I just had to finish homework, first.
Thank you if you've read the whole thing. The world needs light now, and help, and we can all do something about it <3 (aaalso, if I have to read someone saying 'All Lives Matter'... then please, just don't comment. I don't want to read that.
“No, they don’t know yet,” Steve said, excusing them “. Buck says things are more complicated than they’d expected… although, he did tell me they didn’t need help from the other Avengers just yet, so don’t worry about it”
Harley sighed at the couple’s words, knowing they were in the right. Besides, it wasn’t like they could stop Peter… not at that point. So he explained everything to them, or at least everything Peter had told him that could be told to people. By the end, the only two surprised were Betty and Abe- the rest were only mildly surprised, and Shuri wasn’t even that. She had known Peter was planning on doing something, she just hadn’t thought it’d be
“Huh?”
“Have you heard from Clint?” He asked a few minutes into their lazy walk, observing some SHIELD agents training in the field. Natasha hummed, stopping to do the same as her nephew.
God, it feels good to end with a cliffhanger. Seriously good.
And, to tell you guys the truth... the next one is going to be WILD. Like, I honestly love the next chapter haha it's one of my favorites, and I think you guys will like it, too!
[END OF SERIOUS TOPIC]
“Once and for all”
Peter hadn't listened. And now he's paying the price.
Peter had decided to ride his bike to the Lake House, knowing how much his Dad hated it and his Papa envied it. Now that he was older (not
So, even when the story's finished, there's still one-shots and short stories to be published! And of course, a third story is coming pretty soon!
I hope you liked the chapter. We get to see more of Peter's world and friendships, and his pov of the whole situation... Tony and Steve are still out of his life, but they're going to be informed of everything, and he has his Uncle Bucky
I really hope you enjoyed the first chapter of this story! I already said this is way more sad, and dramatic. Ah, I loooove drama. I really, really hope you guys love this! Tell me what you think and don't forget to leave kudos!
(See the end of the chapter for
“The spider that bit Peter was from Oscorp” Tony reminded them “, so technically, just as my father was the one who had the formula to create super soldiers, Oscorp had the formula to create radioactive spiders…”
Tony has told Steve they can try to work things out, but... what about Peter?
“I’ve said some pretty messed up stuff” his Dad said then, kissing the top of his head “. So nothing will scare us, kiddo”
Gosh, another cliffhanger... so sorry about that haha (not really- sorry again).
Well, we're here, on the last chapter of this sequel. I'm happy to announce there's gonna be a third installment to this work-series (other than the one-shots, of course... I promise I'll upload a new one soon).
(See the end of the chapter for
us. But
Ta-da! Chapter is done!
PLEASE leave comments and kudos if you can, and I'll see you next time! Don't forget to check out my other story! Okay, bye!
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want! Thank you all for reading! Oh, and by the way, there is a chance I will post on Sunday instead of Saturday because I don't know if I'm going to be able on Saturday. I promise you guys will get your weekend-chapter, but I'm not sure which day.
Peter finally goes back home... and talks with some friends
Problem is, he doesn't know what to do with this information
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment and if you can/want a kudo as well" Bye!
Hi there!
Now, let's hear Steve's version of it all
“Again, I am aware my actions raised confusion, but my first priority has always been to protect this city, and its citizens, ever since I was fourteen, and it will continue to be so until I take my last breath, I can promise you all that. In order to do so, however, sometimes I will have to pull stunts like this, and for that I am sorry, but I do hope the people of New York, and even the people of the world, are able to forgive me. Thank you all so much”
Also, please leave a comment to tell me what you thought of the chapter, and if you want to see something here that has not been shown yet!
they’d be trained to be able to do them once some Avengers decide to retire”
“And we’re live with CNN, bringing you footage a battle that seems to be happening between Spider-Man and what has been named as the Sinister Six”
“Doesn’t matter either way” Harry scoffed “, I’m going to defeat you no matter what”
What happened with Peter?
“Okay,” both men nodded, curious as to what Peter had to say. And, in truth, Peter knew he could wait. But he also wanted to start living without any type of lie, without keeping things from his fathers, and the only way to do so was to tell them everything that he’d told Bucky… including the real reason he’d distanced himself from them, two years back. So, he started to tell them: tell them about Norman’s confession, tell them he’d been behind the attacks he had suffered, back when he was a baby, tell them Norman was the reason Peter had had to grow up away from his parents. He told them that he’d gotten away from them because he’d been too guilty, too ashamed of having let someone like Norman drive his parents and him away. That he’d let the guy responsible for his adoption destroy his family, once again. He told them he was sorry, he told them he was still ashamed of his actions, but he also told them how much he loved them and cared for them and just wanted them to be okay.
“Peter is out of surgery” she informed them, letting herself smile at the collective sigh of relief that dawned over the room “, he’s still gravely injured and we think his body is going to take a bit more than usual to heal his injuries, but he is going to be okay - especially if he rests the way he has to”
Peter had done countless press conferences in his life; some not worth even remembering, some big and life-changing and still terrifying. The one he was in, though, felt every bit different. He felt trapped, yet freer than ever, he felt like a deer caught in bright lights yet completely in control; Peter felt like the reporters (uncharacteristically silent) were just waiting to jump him, and yet he felt like he could, with calculated words, make them completely trust him. The superhero walked to the podium with Happy always two steps behind him and overlooked the sea of reporters and cameras, all pointing at him, taking a second to breathe and then square his shoulders as a smile crept into his face, polite and clearly sending a message to everyone there.
Bye, love you all!
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos, if you can! You can still name the new Spidey Team, I already received some really cool names!
“Barely” she murmured “. He mentioned something about training and a Kate… but he’s being all ambiguous”
Anyways, thank you so much for reading, PLEASE leave a comment, or a kudo, or both if you can!
I'm not an overly emotional person, but, from the bottom of my heart: Thank. You. And I hope I see you all soon. Love you all 3000!
Bye, love you guys!
Hi guys!
I've been wanting to do this for a long time, and now May's in the Penthouse! In the next chapter she'll meet the rest of the family, so we'll see how that goes.
hi guys,
Feel free to tell me any ideas you have! The ones I already received were super cute and I'm doing them all!
having a subdivision of younger, less experienced Avengers”
“… to sum up, this new wing of S.I is not beneficial for those in need, but for all us”
(See the end of the chapter for
; he was tired of always having to be the hero, of choosing and fearing every consequence that came after his decisions, tired of losing friendships and relationships thanks to his alter ego, he just… he was really tired.
Yay, I could post today! Hope you enjoy the chapter!
“Of course” Abeer nodded “, and I agree: don’t rush into things, whatever happens has to be completely organic… but, now that you mention your Dads, it’s been more than a year now since they officially retired and, even though we’ve seen them as civilians a handful of times, they are missed as Avengers”
Now, I am aware most people would have abandoned this story, and I am in no way blaming them, because it has been a long while. But, if you are reading it (and if you've read this too, in which case: thanks, and congrats), then I really hope you enjoy the chapter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dad, I… appreciate your words, but they are a bit useless right now,” Peter said, effectively shutting his Dad off “. I know you’re sorry, and you know I’m sorry about the way I acted. But… it happened, nothing can change that”
“I think” the blond murmured, voice laced with barely kept emotion “, is time this family forgets about the past - we honor it, sure, but it is time we move on and grow from this. We can’t change whatever happened, boys, but we can start living the life we have worked so hard for, isn’t it?”
Hi guys!
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s for worrying me, you idiot” Shuri replied, voice a weird mix between annoyed and relieved at Peter’s apparent wellness “. Seriously, Peter, if I hadn’t been this scared for you I would be killing you right now”
“As for myself” Peter took another deep breath, scanning his room again to weigh his words in. A good portion of the reporters looked a bit more sympathetic than before, but another good portion still looked irritated, itching to get a clear answer as to what had happened, which Peter could understand. Well, now it was time “. I am not stepping down as an Avenger, nor am I quitting Stark Industries - I apologize for the confusion my actions caused, and for being untruthful. However, quitting both things publicly was part of my plan to stop the villains; I had to make Harry Osborn believe he was succeeding in his plan in order to gain his trust and to, later on, be able to defeat the Sinister Six. I did this with the support of my family, who knew this was a strategic move with no other intentions than to protect and save the city”
There's only a few more chapters + sequel + I think I'm gonna do the mini stories within this AU, in a new work. PLEASE tell me things you would want to see in this hypothetical AU! Thanks!
“I didn’t think you were this deluded” Harry laughed from above him “. But I guess this just proves what my father believed was right. You are not the hero you want us to believe - you’re just a pathetic, sad little kid who thought could be on the big league”
“Okay, stop laughing, time to make a toast before we can start eating” the blond said, and all obliged remarkably fast eager to eat the food already. Peter looked at his Papa, watching him snicker for a moment before he turned his righteous self again “. I just wanted to say that I am extremely happy we are all here together. You all are the best part of me, and despite every turn in our way, we’ve learned to make our way back to each other, time and time again. So, a toast for this family, who’ll
So, that's all. There'll be a really little time jump next chapter (don't worry, only a few weeks). Leave PLEASE comments and kudos if you liked the chapter, cause they really, really motivate me! See you soon!
Hi guys! Hope you're enjoying the story so far! If you want to see something here, just tell me and I'll try to write it in. Also, just FYI, the '****' are signaling the beginning and end of a Flashback.
) realizing what a fraud Peter was, and how, in the end, he was just a coward.
Peter thinks he has found the safe spot
Btw, I went to see 'A Star is Born' last week, and even though I had the ending kinda spoiled for me -only partly-, it still got me, so, yay :,). anyway, enjoy the chapter!
I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! And sorry for the small cliffhanger haha. Question: are you going to watch FFH? When? I hope to go on Saturday, so I may tell you guys what I think of it on my next author's note!
“Let’s put him on the ground, we have to understand why he passed out,” Tony said, already telling FRIDAY to make a scan of Peter’s body. However, once they had the kid laying on the ground, all three adults felt their hearts stop in their chests, because of that… that was a lot of blood, quickly pooling under Peter’s body.
-He has returned home and is getting closer with his parents.
“I agree” MJ nodded “. That’s why you wanted me to stay? To be honest with me?”
But maybe talking about it is the best thing they can all do
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay,” Peter nodded. And then, just because he was too tired, he decided to speak up “. Can I tell you something now, though?”
“. As the public now knows, Harry Osborn was the mastermind behind the numerous villainous attacks these past few months, not only in New York, but also in other points in the States’ geography. He became the Green Goblin Junior and lead what is now known as the Sinister Six in a mission to destroy me and, indirectly, destroy the Avengers. Now, as you all must know as well, Green Goblin and his minions were defeated a week ago, in a battle where, sadly, Harry Osborn perished”
They're alive
I hope you guys liked it! I'm already working on the next story, which will have two parts (I've already finished the first one!), and, ladies and gentlemen... I'm finally doing the Field Trip. I'm nervous as hell about it lmao, but I hope you guys enjoy it.
Love you all 3000!
An important question right here: do you guys want shorter chapters, but more often, or larger chapters and not that regularly?
Anyway, I didn't wanna go to sleep without posting this chapter!
Also, are you guys liking the shorter, but more usual, chapters? Let me now, as well!
“Then what is it?” The brunette asked, confused. Peter sighed, messing with his hair for a moment before taking another deep breath.
Ta-da! Chapter done
hehehhehe... cliffhanger. god, i'd missed doing those
I've been busy lately, so sorry about that! But this chapter is a bit longer than the last ones, and I really liked this one. It sets the tone for a storyline I'd been thinking to have for a while.
“We still don’t know for sure” Cho confessed “. I mean, we know Peter’s system can shut down when he’s too tired, or when he has overworked to the point of exhaustion, but that wasn’t the case here. Our main theories are two: either the healing system didn’t know where to start, or the blade had some type of poison. We took some samples of Peter’s blood, so in the next few hours we should know if the latter theory is correct - until then, it doesn’t really matter. It has started back up now and taking care of Peter”
Peter and the gang keep investigating
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you want/can! And thank you so much for reading! Also, there's a new one-shot in the other work in this AU! A little Spideychelle for you all!
As to why Peter runs away: don't even worry, it'll be explained. And you guys may like it, Peter's reason behind his outburst.
So, super cool news: a lovely reader, OceanDream, asked if it'd be possible to translate this story to Russian. Now you can find it here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608 !! Thank you, Ocean, and if any wants to read it the link will take you to it!
“Deal” MJ agreed, shaking hands with the genius. Peter smiled at her once again and squeezed the hand he was still holding, causing butterflies to explode in her stomach.
But, why? What happened?
PLEASE leave comments and kudos, if you can or like, and I'll read you guys soon! Bye!
“I just… I wanted to protect you” Peter murmured, not denying the warmness that spread through his body. Tony and Steve looked at him with fond looks on their faces, both thinking of how much they loved that kid, and how much he was still like them, unbelievingly so “. You-I- I just… I didn’t tell you something important, and I didn’t want to-“
Again, PLEASE leave kudos and COMMENTS because I love them and they motivate me SO much! Bye!
(See the end of the chapter for
It's going to take a while to be posted, but most likely the first chapter will be posted before the end of August- possibly in the last two weeks, don't know yet. I want to be sure about it before I post it, but guys... it may be my favorite version of Peter, the one I'm planning to write. That being said, enjoy the last chapter! Also, really important note at the end! Also, this is a long chapter, hope you don't mind haha
for all the work you do… but how is it to be the new leader of the team? Has it been easy?”
And the Avengers? Are kind of lost
(See the end of the chapter for
“And you know the meaning behind Peter’s happiness, right? You know what he had to do to get where he is, doing that stupid press conference with that smile on his face, don’t you?”
“I know” Shuri had murmured, sighing.
I really hope you enjoyed the chapter! The idea of this new team came to me and I really, really liked it. Do you guys? Actually, exciting thing: you guys get to decide the name of the team! Suggest them to me in the comments and I'll pick the best one!
Plan A didn't work as planned...
I told you guys things were going to change... and they'll keep changing... muahahhahaha I can't say more, I don't want to spoil.
Harry was clearly taken back by his presence - no, not Harry, Peter decided, but the Green Goblin… junior? It was clear he wasn’t his father, and it was also clear he had done some changes and improvements to the suit he was currently wearing (probably fixed the weaker points), which was bad news for Peter, because now he didn’t know the spots he could go for, or the way Harry fought. But that was fine - Peter had been trained to not find an obstacle in that, to just fight with everything he had and find information about his opponent on the way.
PS: I know I asked this on the notes above, but anyone has seen the new Netflix's sabrina? t's soooo good! I'm on episode seven already, and loving it! It has such a strong message of women empowerment, it's amazing.
“We trust you” Steve immediately said, having had his own life in line and depending on Cho’s care more times than he could count “. Is he going to be okay?”
now, we are getting really close to the end, which is bittersweet, although I want to work on a few stories once I'm done with this one (not in this au, start new stories from scratch), so I'm excited about that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Six days. That was the time Cho had told Pepper - Peter had to rest for six days to be completely healed (the superhero’s inability to stay still included in that calculation), so Pepper had scheduled a press conference a week from the day she had visited Peter, quickly sending the message to her nephew and deciding which media she would allow into the room, even adding which journalist she preferred to be there. Peter decided to let his Aunt do - he’d learned to trust Pepper blindly, after all.
“They are” Peter confirmed “, although they’re trying to not show it too much, but they’re failing miserably. And I guess it’s nice to see, you know? I know they’ll always support me and will be okay with where I decide to live”
(See the end of the chapter for
And YAYY! Spideychelle finally kissed! Angst is coming, but at least there's that haha.
Hi guys!
Ta-Da! The chapter is done!
PLEASE leave a comment, and kudos, if you can, and I'll see you next Saturday! Not sure about the hour, I'll be out the whole day, so... there's that. Bye!
I really hope you guys like it, please enjoy!
“Sorry” the Princess exclaimed, immediately breaking the hug. Then, just for good measure, she punched Peter’s shoulder (albeit a bit gentler than she usually was, at least).
“I don’t, no” Peter laughed. In truth, his free time was rather a precious thing, but he didn’t complain about it. The first year after Harry’s passing he’d focused on himself and his mental health, on finally healing, and sure, he’d worked for S.I and the Avengers, but more on the down low, much less than he was used to. For when he deemed himself ready to do something more, to get back on track, Peter was
i love you all 3000!
(See the end of the chapter for
“I wish you understood I never meant for that to happen” Peter sighed “, I just wanted to protect the city from the threat that was your father, but you never wanted to understand that. Instead you decided to turn yourself into what your father was, you… you decided to sacrifice yourself as well, Harry”
Right after his words, Peter felt his Spidey Sense go almost into overdrive. For the first time in a really, really long time, he didn’t exactly know where the danger was coming from; or, rather, where it wasn’t. He was outnumbered and, even though he could individually win against any of them, the problem was when they became a team - and thus, the whole thing became three versus one.
“Thanks” Peter said, blushing lightly and beaming at Abeer, gaining a smile in return.
Meanwhile, PLEASE leave a comment and kudo if you can. See you soon!
“Is this move definitive? Like, are you not coming back to New York?” He’d asked, fearing the answer. Shuri had shrugged, playing with some inexistent loose end in her shirt.
“Hey, Auntie” he greeted Pepper, glad to see her again “, I’m really glad to see you. Hey Shuri, didn’t you go to rest?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Oh my God, sorry for being so late. A few friends of mine convinced me to go out tonight, just to grab some dinner, and when I came back home I had to finish two assignments. I literally just finished them
Enjoy!
is gone because of
I don't have much to say, just: be prepared, because shit is about to hit the fan. Just that hehe.
Peter has sure dropped a bomb, and we now know how his family reacted
“Not funny, dude” Harley immediately protested “. Tony told me you were in surgery for hours”
But, to make that happen, he needed to focus on the present. He had to focus on the matter at hand… which was the five villains looking directly at him, expecting some words… which, admittedly, was only a
I posted a new one shot in my other story, so if you haven't done it yet, check it out! It's filled with angst and drama, which, as you guys can probably guess by now, I love. Anyway, on with the story! Enjoy the chapter!
Hi guys! Sorry for being this late, today was a friend's birthday and I came home late. Anyway, enjoy!
Peter went to the training, but...
I'm glad you guys are liking the last chapters! Please, leave comments once you read it! Really helps me to keep writing, because this way I know what you guys want to see and such
Also, as for the Avengers, I got majority of BuckyxSam and a couple of BuckyxNat, so keep telling me what you want to see... and with the other Avengers as well.
I hope you all liked it! Just to be clear: the flashback is AFTER MJ and Peter break up- like, a while later. That doesn't mean you guys won't see their break up, I just wanted to put this flashback in here.
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
hi guys! so, I don't know if you've noticed, but we have an official number of chapters! the story will officially be 45 chapters long, if nothing goes wrong. so there's that haha
Hi guys!
“Yeah” Peter whispered “, I thought things could be different this time around but… it was foolish to think so, to hope so”
So, when the ex-winter soldier starts questioning some things from the future... what will happen?
“For when you want to escape from your crazy family?” The journalist asked through a laugh “. Honey, they can very well go to Queens”
Peter has an important coffee... meeting?
One more chapter 'til the finale!
“So… what you’re saying is that we have to stop thinking there could be an
... and visits someone
... also, a flashback that is just a bit ahead of the ones you guys have seen so far
Peter, who put on a fake smile when he realized they had gone into the room and failed miserably in trying to convince them he was doing okay. Physically, yes, he wasn’t as pale and ill-looking, but his eyes looked wrong, duller, and that was never a good sign.
Hi! So, another chapter.
“Good. Now I think it’s time to go back to our family… after all, we do have to celebrate certain someone’s twenty-fourth birthday, don’t we?” Steve smiled, making his husband laugh, and their son open his mouth in surprise.
Now Bucky and Natasha know what happened to Peter, but, the main question is, what will they do with the information?
(See the end of the chapter for
Ta-da!
ALSO, REALLY IMPORTANT: I'm still deciding the pairings. Surely, Tony and Steve are staying together, and I have Peter's down as well, I think, but I don't totally know about the others, so tell me what you want.
We get to see more of Peter's world
meaning behind things. You know that, don’t you?”
Hey there! So, a new story today!
“A few years” Bucky confessed after a beat of silence “. HYDRA messed me up quite a lot, after all, and it was quite the struggle to get that off my system. Things started really looking up after Nat and I found you, you know? It gave me another sense of purpose, I guess… but it was years, kiddo. And still… some days are worse than others, you know that”
“I wouldn’t say us” Sandman intervened “, we barely interacted with him”
Hey, so... hi. Hey. Hi.
so, I really hope you enjoyed the chapter. don't worry, in the next one you will find out what happened to Peter, or at least part of it...hehe. I'll try to upload it on Wednesday, but it depends on my finals!
Alright, bye!!
“Good idea” Bucky sentenced, resuming the walk Peter had been in with Natasha and throwing an arm above his kid’s shoulder. Sam fell into step next to Bucky, looking at them both fondly.
I hope you all had a great week! I'm glad I could post today! Enjoy the chapter!
“Pete!” Flash’s voice brought him back to reality, the guy having seen him in the midst of the crowd. He’d stood up in the booth, widely waving at him in a way the superhero hated, which they both knew. Peter just rolled his eyes at him and approached the tables, welcoming all the brief hugs he got “. We were wondering where were you, man”
i love you all 3000! be safe!
(which, no point to, but whatever), he
“So they know the basics” the businesswoman informed him, voice confident but eyes showing a bit of worry for her beloved nephew “, that Harry was Green Goblin and the person behind all the villains that appeared out of nowhere these past few months. They know he passed, and that it was after a fight with you, but nothing else… and they know you stepping down was an act, although it hasn’t been confirmed for what. Most of them have guessed it, but it is for you to confirm”
And how will they react when they see Loki?
And the chapter is done!
The battle is about to begin
Michelle knows...
“Okay, I’ll believe you” Bucky sighed, taking his phone from his kid’s hands “. If you say so, I’ll do it. However, maybe keep yourself from revealing any big secrets, okay? It may be a good idea to shut up for a bit”
And then Peter let himself breathe and live in the moment. Bad things could still happen, and with all probability a new super villain was going to try to take over the world in the next month or so, but… Peter was happy. And, for the first time in a long time… he was going to take it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay” MJ nodded, now a bit impatient about whatever Peter wanted to tell her “. What is it, Peter? You’re making me nervous”
If you guys want to see something in here, you just have to tell me!
So, quick explanation:
The battle has finished, and Harry has met his end...
To be honest, Peter should've expected something like this to happen
“Makes sense” Michelle nodded, neither of them breaking the hold of their hands “. And the place can serve you as a new headquarters for Spidey, right? Right in the middle of Queens”
“I forgot for a while” MJ admitted “, but… I think I know that now. And you know it’s the same for me, right? You’ve been the most important man in my life, Peter, and still, after everything that happened… the person I still trust the most”
Hi guys! Oh Gosh, sixth chapter already... I have to start writing more lmao.
Peter has decided that is time he acts and starts searching for his parents...
(See the end of the chapter for
So... I've decided to hop on the train of 'S.I Field Trips' stories... I've been asked to do one of these for a while, but I've always been hesitant to do so, because, as much as I love them, they can be quite cliché... so let's hope this doesn't feel like one big cliché haha. Enjoy!
“I’m going to miss you, you know” the superhero of the two had said, leaning on Shuri’s bedroom door while observing her make her suitcase. The Princess had sighed, folding another shirt before looking back at Peter.
Don't be afraid to suggest an idea for a one shot/mini-story! After this next mini-story will come at least three suggested one shots. So don't be afraid to comment or suggest! Okay, bye!!
Peter:
spy “. But, doesn’t the system have some of your work saved?”
Enjoy the chapter!
“The first year I didn’t crumble on December 16th… that was
Love you all 3000!
“The streets around the Avengers Tower have been evacuated,” Harley said for an explanation, going into the apartment without waiting for Shuri to invite him - not like she minded, she knew the young man was just as worried for Peter as she was. Looking back at the rest of the group she stepped aside, letting them all go into the apartment and realizing the majority of them hadn’t even been there.
So a few weeks back I suddenly felt like it was time to come back to this. I revisited the whole thing, read everything since the first work (and omg, the evolution of the story and even my writing... I almost got whiplash lmao), and then I restructured the last two chapters. The penultimate not that much, the last one is completely new... I'll explain the changes once I publish it, if I do it now I feel like it'd be spoilers. And after this finishes... I am planning another Marvel story, although I want to take my time to write it and be happy with it. In the meantime, I'll try to write shorter stories... and possibly a small addition to this one. But no promises.
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want! Also, if you want to read a particular scene situated in this AU tell me! I'll be uploading a new story soon with extra scenes of this AU and I'm open to suggestions!
What happens now?
“Good” Harry murmured, starting his way to the rooftop, where he knew the Vulture and Scorpio - the one villain Peter had never really fought. He was supposed to go next, surprise him when Spider-Man was fighting the Vulture again, but Peter’s sudden decision to quit everything had changed things, and so Scorpio had to be a surprise villain in the final fight - it didn’t matter, though. If anything, it could work on their favor because no one would know what to do with him, right? Harry knew Happy could, and honestly, he probably did, know about the villains Peter had already fought. But if his wife was attacked by someone no one knew about, then maybe… maybe they were doomed from the start. Yes, Harry decided, this was a good idea - and he had to thank the Vulture for that, as he had brought Scorpio with him after escaping prison.
(See the end of the chapter for
-The world knows they have a son, but not his name or what he looks like. So, only Ned and May know about Peter's real family.
There's still so much more to this story... like, I barely am getting started, and the hardest thing so far has been figuring out how to write everything I want to write without making it too much. So, I really hope you guys have been liking the story so far!
“I know, but believe it or not most of them can’t be bothered with that. I only see Buck and Nat truly doing it. Maybe Sam”
, and that can only happen if I stop thinking if we’re on the same page or not”
And... oops, another cliffhanger. Sorry, you guys know I love them way too much. Anyway, I really hope you guys enjoyed the chapter!
Hope you enjoy!
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter looked at his Dad then, who was already looking at him, both unworldly agreeing with Steve. But, just for good measure, the youngest hero had to ask Tony:
And please comment what you thought of it!
By the way, it was so fun to read where you guys are from!
Okay, I think that's all! Bye!
I hope you enjoyed the last chapter and do the same with this one. I thought it was gonna be short and then I've realized it's as long as the last one haha. Also, I had a bit of difficulty writing it because I've been watching a lot of Starkid (if you know what it is, kudos to you) and every time I wrote Harry I kept picturing Darren Criss lmao. Anyhow, enjoy!
“And then multiply it by ten” the engineer chuckled “. But I guess that’s what we signed for, huh? Twenty-five years ago, which… doesn’t seem real, not really”
So, serious talk right now. I don't know how many of you are in college, but if you are, then you know right now it's a shitty time, especially in Canada. The end of the semester is coming, and that means papers and tests and other things equally as boring and horrible. For me, I'm going back to my country once this semester finishes (I chose to have one semester now and one next year, to try to go to different places), so that means it's extra stressful for me, because I have to at least pass all my classes in order favorite I'm in.
I can say that Bucky will play a key role in this whole story, so look forward to him! Idk how many more chapters I'll do about this, probably one, two... max three, I think. We'll see
He's not okay, even if he tells himself so
(See the end of the chapter for
Okay, PLEASE leave comments and a kudo, if you want/can!
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you, your Majesty,” a pretty blond girl told her then, bowing to her presence. A boy, looking incredibly flustered next to her, copied her actions “. I’m Betty Brant, it’s an honor”
(See the end of the chapter for
Omg I've had the busiest week... with my city's festivities and projects and a cute af one-shot I've been writing.... which hopefully you guys will read between this and next week! Anyway, I'm glad I wrote this piece last week haha. Enjoy!
Pay attention, because Ned and Peter are finally talking next chapter! Initially, it was going to be in this one, but then it'd been too long, so... next one it is ;)
Bye! Don't forget to comment, so grateful for that and the kudos!
“Good,” Michelle said, smiling “. So, back to the Tower huh? Your Dads must be thrilled”
PLEASE leave a comment and/or kudos if you can/want!
He made it to the bar he was meeting his friends in in under twenty minutes (although, admittedly, cutting it really close) and went in, knowing they were already in there. It wasn’t difficult to find them either, all already loud and laughing, which made Peter stop for just a second, observing them and enjoying the pleasure of doing so. A small part of him was
And the chapter is done!
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
Tony Stark thinks he lost his husband years ago. Peter thinks his Papa died when he was seven
, to losing you for thirteen years… to reuniting, and everything in between”
However, him understanding Steve's actions and wanting to 'know' each other again does NOT mean he has forgiven him, not totally. That's why he says they'll need time. And Peter's consent.
Hiiii!
, Peter” she’d said after that silence, making Peter’s breath hitch “. No matter what happens next, or if we do find a way to each other… you’ll always be the most beautiful what if to me”
(See the end of the chapter for
ALSO, I was thinking about creating a TELLONYM? Just for you guys to ask doubts if you want, and a way for you guys to show me ideas, or whatever... anyways, tell me what you think about it. For now, though, enjoy the chapter!
OMG, FFH doesn't premiere in my country 'til Friday and I can't go until Saturday because I'm going with one of my besties and he can't make it on Friday... so I'm trying to dodge spoilers like crazy lmao. People have been respectful so far, but I don't know if it'll be like that on Friday as well... well, let's hope so. Anyway, enjoy the chapter haha
Yayyy long chapter! And this time I didn't end it with a cliffhanger!
The story it's going to be multi-chapter, but I actually don't know if I should publish them all here or make another story, like, out of here, and actually make it a little bit longer. It's up to you guys! So, tell me at the end of this chapter, and also at the end of the second chapter! Then I'll decide. I know this can be taken as a one shot, but it's a larger story, I promise. You can start to vote now, but don't forget to tell me at the end of the second chapter, because it's when the real story really starts! Can't say what happens tho, because I want it to kind of be a surprise.
I'm so stressed (thank you finals and projects, I hate you), but writing always helps me, so yay for you guys lmao. Enjoy the chapter!
. I know that theoretically it wasn’t, and I am aware of the mess it caused, but
“It is… I like snow, but I don’t want the cold days to come just yet”
Well, I hope you liked the chapter!
“Oh my God, YES!” Ned exclaimed, almost bolting from the couch when he saw the Avengers (
“I’ll revenge you, father” he murmured “, I promise”
“Wait” the superhero murmured, looking between his parents with a look of surprise in his face “. It’s my birthday?”
PLEASE let me know what you guys thought! i've seen the majority of you guys prefer a PeterxShuri endgame... hmm, interesting.
now, this chapter is a bit on the long side, but that always happens when books come to a close... and I can't believe it, but we only have three chapters left (including this one), which is... crazy to think about.
Because I don't want to give spoilers to the people who reads but hasn't seen the movie yet, I won't talk about the movie specifically in a while. I have already a one shot in mind, but I won't be posting it in a while, either.
Hi guys!
They're in Titan
, because
Peter has to come clean to his parents
So, next chapter is here, and things are starting to move haha. I hope you guys like it! Also, PLEASE leave a comment! I really want to know if you guys like this or not!
From there, it’d been easy. Peter wasn’t a kid anymore, that was painfully clear, and the constant presence of Shuri in his life made things a tad bit harder, but nothing Harry couldn’t work through. He’d managed to create a bridge between Peter and his parents and close ones without even trying - surely he could do the same once again, right? He owed his Dad at least that. So he insisted, made sure to listen to Peter when it seemed like the world was, once again, too heavy.
Alright, enjoy the chapter!
“I can protect myself very well, Peter” Shuri refuted, a slight cold look in her dark eyes. The slightly younger genius nodded, aware he had to phrase what he wanted to say carefully in order to get Shuri to understand his point.
“You’re at the med bay, sweetheart” Steve told him, softly cradling his face “. We brought you here after you collapsed in Buck’s arms… but you’re fine, Cho did surgery on you and told us you’ll be fine, okay? Only have to rest to achieve that”
(See the end of the chapter for
just... how many?
Only this time, Tony doesn't have his Steve by his side
How are things going?
going on for years now. What happens with it now?”
“I’ll debrief it soon” Peter replied, cheekily. Sam groaned at that, knowing he should’ve expected the young genius to throw him back his own answer, and Bucky laughed at the two of them “. Although… I can tell you that he’s part of an idea I’ve been tossing with”
I'll be quick, 'cause I know I left you guys with a cliffhanger! This is the longest chapter of this story so far, so enjoy it!
I hope you guys liked it! Steve and Tony are back home, so let's see what happens.
But, life ain't easy
God, angst is coming, and I'm living for it!
“I was hoping you’d say that” Pepper immediately said, almost reacting too fast “, because I think it’s the wise thing to do”
(See the end of the chapter for
I'll try to have the next chapter super soon, I promise. I'm planning a new book too, which is taking a bit of my time, but I'm trying to write more these days.
Hi guys! It's been a while since I last posted, but less than the last time, lmao. This is the first part of a three-part story!
“Please, stop with that,” she said “, there’s no need for you to bow, and it’s Shuri, just… Shuri. Go inside, let’s see if we can figure out what’s going on with Peter”
“Yeah, we all saw her before, Sam, well done” Bucky murmured, getting a soft shove in response “. Now, punk junior, what were you saying?”
PLEASE leave a comment and if you can, kudos! thanks for reading and for being so patient, I love u all! See u soon, I promise!
Heyyyy! Hope you liked it!
It’d been a while since the Penthouse had been that silent, or filled with silent and rapidly growing tension, which Steve understood- it’d been a while since Tony and he had felt like their son was truly in trouble, and they couldn’t do a thing, not really, just… wait for something else to happen. He knew Peter was the best combination possible of his husband and him, but alas, a parent never stops worrying, right? That’s what people told him all the time - and the blond had realized, a while before, just how true those words were.
Let me know what you thought, please, I love to read your comments! And if you have an idea you want to see, just tell me!
And Peter had also learned how to throw the opponent off of their game. So, even though he wanted nothing but to go and hide and pretend this wasn’t happening, he knew it was the time to be the hero everyone told him he was. The hero he, deep down,
Also, Bucky is only getting more worried... can Steve help him?
“We’ll have a debrief soon” Sam finally said “, let us rest first, you little asshole. Now, tell us, how have been things around here? It’s good to see you haven’t destroyed this place just yet”
(See the end of the chapter for
Because now: everyone knows who he truly is
Alright, now time to get our minds off of this even if it's just for a little bit. Please, enjoy and leave a comment!
Ta-da!
Is it Peter's plan really screwed?
Love you all 3000!
Strange has landed in Wakanda, and that means the Time Stone is still in safe hands
Next comes another mini-story, and I really really love this one. I want you guys to read it already sooooo bad, but give it a few days, because I'm still with finals and this weekend I have a family reunion, so I'll be incredibly busy.
hi guys! hope everyone's keeping safe.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just as I asked above:
“You seem to forget Peter was barely fifteen back then” Harry reminded him “. He didn’t know everything he does know today, he hadn’t experienced an ounce of the pain he’s endured thanks to the Avengers… you fought him when he still believed in the good guys, when he still thought the Avengers would help people - before Scarecrow, or the War, of his parents failing him, like we all knew they would”
it was going to be hard, and even when he knew he was pretty fucking broken at the moment…he knew things were going to get better with time.
Tony has had Peter...
“Are you finally ready?” Said man asked him with his voice laced with annoyance, standing on the edge of the rooftop and clearly impatient to get going. Harry knew that man didn’t like him - Adrian Toomes was too proud, too upset a twenty-four-year-old had turned to be his boss. But oh well, that really wasn’t Harry’s problem now, was it? As long as Vulture fought well, the young Osborn didn’t give a crap if they would, later on, go for a drink.
“Can’t do” Norman murmured “. And you know why, Harry. You know why I’m here, don’t you? You know” he said, a bit louder, a bit closer, a bit more suffocating “ I’m here because,
“Growing up is inevitable” Peter murmured “. Even if we subconsciously don’t want to. Isn’t that so?”
Well, that's all! Enjoy the chapter, and I'll read you at the end :) ! PLEASE don't forget to leave a comment if you like it!
“Well… the next step is still going to be kept under wraps,” Peter said, much to the disappointment of the audience “. However, I can say that I’m working with an excellent team that will bring excellence to Stark Industries. I’ve had the pleasure of working with them and having them in my life as some of my closest friends, so I’m delighted to form this team with Ned Leeds, Harley Keener, and Flash Thompson. They truly are brilliant, so I’m incredibly excited about S.I’s future”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And I wasn’t pretending to hide it” MJ replied, shrugging “. But, you know, I thought it was a good idea if you went out for a bit, took your mind off Shuri going back to Wakanda”
By the end of Harley’s side of the story, Ned had left his search of news in one random channel, too shocked to really be checking anything else. And
“Karen?” Peter frantically asked, breathing labored but choosing not to think too much about it “Karen, tell me Harry’s vitals”
“Nat and I have been talking about potential names for it, you know. Sort of like Peter Tingle 2.0”
insistence from Peter’s part, they had also managed to make Harry look better than he’d done back in August, at the time of his death. Pepper had dealt with
I don't know how many chapter this story is going to be, but at least ten, so... brace yourselves, haha.
I know Tony could've reacted a whole lot worse. And, maybe he would've, but only if this was a story about The Winter Soldier. However, this is a Superfamily story, a Peter and Tony and Steve story, and I didn't want to make ten chapters out of this.
I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter! Finally, the family knows what's happening! Now Peter has to tell May AND Ned, and we'll be fine.
The problem is that he hasn't told his Dads about it
Peter was tempted to scoff this time. On one hand, yeah, it’d been a bit easy because he’d
Peter keeps investigating, and something new appears
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter knows it's time
“As if” Tony immediately protested, following them to the elevator “. I made my perfect clone, Rogers, suck it up”
Harry?
“The Princess is right” Flash nodded “. Harley, we just want to know what’s happening”
It's time for everything to go down
How many years did he say again?
ANYWAY, please leave a comment so I can know what you think of the chapter! And I promise I will answer! (that includes the ones I haven't answered yet, I'm on it).
Steve and Tony have finally decided they want to do something- for the moment, talking with Bucky sounds nice.
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can or want! Thank you all so much for reading!
Ta-da!
No need to ask me if I forgot part of the chapter- it really ends there, and I admit it was a little evil... sorry.
“Sorry for the long meeting,” she said, smiling sympathetically “, I wasn’t expecting to have it last this long”
“Most likely” she’d said after a couple of minutes “. Right now things are… complicated”
now, this is a long-ass chapter. but i have to say: this may be my favourite chapter of the third book, at least for now. well, i think it really is.
(See the end of the chapter for
-https://blm-helpfullinks.carrd.co/#links - it is a webpage full of links to sign & also to donate, if you can. And if you are unable to donate money, there are other ways. Here is the link to a video made by Zoe Amira- only by streaming it you are already contributing, because all the money made with ADS is being donated. PLEASE, don't skip ads.
This was the shorter part, the next one will be longer! I hope you enjoyed it, and always tell me if you want something specific to be in here! And again, I'll ramble about Endgame in my next story, which I will post on Wednesday if you want t talk about it
I feel like my posting schedule is all over the place, for which i apologize... the last week has been crazy.
PLEASE comment what you thought about the chapter and the things you want to see in a potential sequel! (a.k.a, an au of ininity war)!
Anyway, enjoy the chapter! Also, BIG news: I'm gonna do a third and last installment to this series (other than the one-shots and short-stories work). On the next chapter, I'll tell you guys the synopsis.
Peter has dropped a bomb in the middle of the press conference
Peter had just confessed something to Bucky... without knowing he actually is aware
“This is your team, Spider-Man” Steve reminded him, resting a hand on his shoulder and squeezing it “, and they’re always going to help you out, no matter how little or big the problem is”
I will change Peter birthday, aaaand I was thinking about keeping the same uploading days, but know I don't know if I'll change Tuesdays to Wednesdays... plus, I'm gonna have a long flight on Tuesday, so I don't know if I'll be able to upload next Tuesday, anyways.
Okay, so me being me, a.k.a a mess, I totally forgot yesterday was Saturday. So sorry! It's morning now, but I didn't want to make you guys wait until this evening, so... I'm uploading now
“Peter’s in surgery” the older genius explained “, he has just gone into it, not even ten minutes ago… Cho is doing it, so you know he’s in good hands”
“How are you doing?” She asked, smiling softly at him while grabbing one of the glasses and sipping tea in an attempt to calm herself down, which Peter could see right through. The superhero sighed and drank some of his own tea before answering.
knowing rest would be needed for everything he was going to face in the few next days, or even hours (okay, so Bucky had told him that, almost tying him to the bed in order to force him to sleep- that didn’t
love y'all 3000!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bucky, what the hell is going on?” Steve asked the instant they saw Peter fall unconscious.
“Whatever” Peter mumbled, scoffing when MJ petted his head as if he was a puppy. The rest of the group laughed at his face and all waited patiently for Ned to arrive, which he did merely five minutes later.
Nobody hurts Peter's family.
Please leave a comment if you can or want, and thank you so much for reading!
Sorry for being a bit late, I was super busy today. Quick disclaimer: I'm on a trip this Saturday, again, so I'm not going to post twice this week either. But I'll do so next week, this will be the last trip I have for a while. Sorry for the inconvenience, enjoy the chapter!
“We told Peter that, but he’s justifying it in having Spies for family”
I hope everyone is doing good and is safe. The world's crazy right now and it feels a bit weird publishing like nothing's happening, but writing takes my mind off things. Please, everyone: stay home, STAY SAFE, wash your hands as much as possible (and during at least 20 seconds - a quick trick is singing the bridge of Oops I did it again... works for me, lmao) and try not to touch yourself too much. And, also, try to not come in contact with older people, or do so as less as you can. It's for their safety.
“I sure hope so” Cho sighed “, but right now, guys, he’s critical. His body is going into shock and his system is somehow not functioning as before, but… my team and I will work on him. We’re making sure he lives another day, alright?”
. Peter had quit
Bye, love you all 3000! And read you again on Saturday!
See you guys soon! Bye!!
“Probably” Tony conceded “. Other than those two… everything’s okay, right?”
Hi guys!
Ta-da, the first part is done!
“Watch your mouth” Tony teasingly admonished him, meeting him halfway down the steps for a bear hug. Peter simply laughed at him and hugged back, doing the same with his Papa once his Dad had let him breathe.
Don't worry, the sequel is coming up FAST. I will ask you guys when you prefer it to be posted on the last chapter.
Things had been pretty perfect for our Superhusbands... they had Peter, and he was the cutest baby.
-After Avengers and way before Winter Soldier... you'll see what I mean by 'way before', but... yeah. Don't know if I'll touch the subject of Iron Man 3.
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want! Bye!
Hiiii!
“You made a bet out of this?” Peter asked, opening his mouth in shock and looking as Harley and Flash gave two twenties to MJ, who was smiling sheepishly. Ned scoffed at them, too, gaining Peter’s attention back.
“It’s okay, Dad” Peter whispered, finally feeling like some things were snapping back into place. Of course, there were some others that were never going back, or at least that were never going to fit like they once used to, but Peter had learned, with time, that life was a bit like that; coming together and coming apart, souls and bodies breaking to then mend, a little broken but stronger than before. It was as sad as it was beautiful. Steve cleaned his face from any trace of tears and looked at his boys with a fond expression on his face.
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
Hey guys! New chapter!
Bye!!
Oh...
I hope you guys liked the chapter! And this time I didn't end it with a cliffhanger!
I loved this chapter because it introduced Harley, it brought back Ned, and Shuri, and some uncle-nephew bonding time. Next chapter will have even more Bucky and Peter, so be prepared!
“But, I… I don’t understand” Harry murmured, clearly losing strength every second that ticked by. Peter’s heart broke at the sight and he cradled the villain close to him, his torso on his lap and the blood pouring off their wounds mixing together in a fucked up yet beautiful way. At that, the taller man looked up, eyes filled with confusion and with just the tiniest bit of hope and gratitude “. I tried to kill you, Peter. I tried to finish you in more ways than I can count”
Hi guys!
Anyway, enjoy the last part! Tell me what you thought and hopefully see you really soon!
I really hope you guys looooove this chapter, please leave kudos and COMMENTS because I love them and they motivate me SO much
Hope you guys liked it, don't forget to leave comments and kudos, and see you soon!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Look at you” Green Goblin Jr. laughed, getting closer to Peter and putting a foot on his chest “, where is the all mighty superhero you were saying you were before, huh?”
PS: Oh my God Tom Holland cut all of his hair. He doesn't look bad, just a bit weird. Anyway... also, this chapter is a bit longer than the last, but if you guys like it, then I guess it's fine...
“I knew that” Peter had said, nodding. And really, he’d done so, but… with Shuri there things had been incredibly good. The genius had helped him in everything he’d needed, had been his rock and sometimes one of his anchors to sanity, so in a way losing her was a bit rough “. I think we both knew this couldn’t be forever, but…”
And, actually, every single one of the villains had done a really good job, appearing out of nowhere and disappearing just as quickly. It made the citizens of New York nervous, giddy, always expecting something else to come and attack. It made them feel uneasy and unsafe, which was just perfect for Harry because it all went to Peter’s head- clearly. God, his plan had really worked, he- he was
Hi! Next chapter is here!
(See the end of the chapter for
I'd written this one-shot a while ago and I thought about posting it! So here you all go, a little Spideychelle for ya!
His Dads laughed again, wordlessly agreeing with their kid. And, even when they knew Peter was right and that things would get crazier with time, they were okay with it. They hated to know it, sure, because ultimately they wanted happiness for their only son, but they knew the world could not be in better hands than Peter’s. And… it was nice to know that all the fighting and suffering had been worth it. Peter was a strong man, and a man who was going to enjoy a long and beautiful life, despite its complications. And for them, that was enough.
Someone knocked on his door ten minutes before it was go time, and Peter chose to step outside of his room instead of letting whoever was in, figuring it was time to go, anyway.
“Of course we will” Ned nodded, echoing the sentiment of the other two boys “. You’re not alone in this, Pete”
. In these past few months you’ve managed to clean some of Harry’s image, to make his name a more respectable one, and honestly, punk junior, I think that’s more than what you had to do. Not like it surprised me you did it, I know you enough to have been expecting something like it, but… you did your part, James. Stop tormenting yourself over it”
Next chapter will have the start of the Titan Battle. I'm kinda excited about it, the battle is both what you guys are expecting and not, so... can't wait for you guys to see it.
A look into the future
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky has said something that is going to change everything, forever...
Thank you if you've read the whole thing. The world needs light now, and help, and we can all do something about it <3 (aaalso, if I have to read someone saying 'All Lives Matter'... then please, just don't comment. I don't want to read that.
“Neither was yours” Bucky immediately argued “. Not with Norman, and not with Harry… Peter, this is something you will
Just a reminder:
“Shut up,” both of them said, making the whole table laugh at them and definitely getting some attention - which they should’ve expected, being who they were in a very public place. But oh well, nothing they could truly do. They instead chose to enjoy their night out, all too aware that with the impending Holidays they’d see each other way less, all busy with their own families and traditions; despite the majority of them staying in New York, Harley was going back to Tennessee to his family, and Shuri was going back to Wakanda for some royal festivities. Peter, MJ and Ned were all going to stay in the city, and Flash was going to spend Christmas in Manhattan, but for New Year’s was going with his family to the Bahamas, which he was sure to throw in their faces, although clearly playful about it.
Hi guys!
“Maybe, yeah” Tony agreed, trusting the Princess’ brilliant mind “. Cho also told us the knife that stabbed Peter had some venom on it - so my theory is that whatever Harry put in there it was to stop Peter’s healing system, to make it so Peter would die before his system could do something about it”
anyway, ENJOY this chapter. drama is coming your way...
[TW: SERIOUS TOPIC] I don't know how many of you are aware of what's going on in the States right now, but I am assuming (and also hoping) a large fair amount of you are informed of what has been going on. Personally, I do not live in the States (nor America), nor am I black. I do, however, have members of my family who are black. Regardless of that, defending Black Lives should not be something this controversial. BLACK. LIVES. MATTER. Period. There is NO discussion to that, and I mean fucking *zero* discussion to that. It is not an ideology, it's human decency, and human rights. It's unbelievable we still have to protest this, it's crazy there are people still defending otherwise. Let me tell you: you are not better because you are white. You are no better because of the fucking color of your skin, and if you do believe that, educate yourself. I do believe we have to educate ourselves way more (me included, you can ALWAYS educate yourself one step further), and that racism is something taught, and a pandemic in itself.
It was honestly funny to me to see how many people had already assumed Ned had told May. He may be upset, but he's still Peter's friend and a loyal one. Things are still rough with him, but he wouldn't do something like that to Peter.
Anyways, I know you want to know what happens next, after the cliffhanger, so... I'll let you read. Of course, as always, don't forget to leave kudos and Comments! Always greatly appreciated.
so, i know, a bit of a cliffhanger. i honestly was going to include whatever happens next in this chapter, but it was going to be too long, and the next chapter too short, so i changed it up. sorry not really sorry.
Second part of this little series!!
I don't know, I felt like I wanted to do a chronological chapter, I hope you liked it! You guys also got the introduction of Infinity War! The next book will be published next week actually, either Wednesday or Saturday (probably Wednesday). As for Endgame: I'm going to be watching it on Saturday because I am on a trip 'til Friday night, so I'll tell you guys what I think on the first chapter of the new story! No matter what I'll just keep writing and ignore it, just as I ignored IW in my one-shots, lmao.
“Everything’s okay, I guess” Bucky shrugged “. But your Uncle Sam sent me something this morning, and I think you should read it”
“How so?” Steve asked, gentle as ever.
hard to make what his father had envisioned possible. He’d managed to recruit villains that, sure, alone? A noticeable threat, at least for one or two Avengers but- together? Together something big enough that, if played well, could destroy even the
“Ned, dude, I’m okay” he whispered back “. Still a bit sore, but in one piece, okay?”
PLEASE leave a comment so I can know what you guys think about this chapter, which was pretty important within this story... thanks!
Ta-da, the chapter is done, and we only have one more!
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
First of all, thanks for all your good wishes. I had an amazing time in NY, although I'm still tired, and I came back two days ago, lmao. Anyway, I know some of you thought May was being irresponsible. And, yeah, she was. But, as I said before, I don't believe in flawless characters. This is a drama story, they're not going to be perfect, and they're going to make mistakes. I know it was dramatic, and I know it was irresponsible for May. I'm aware of that, don't worry. And it's not something I'll ignore in this chapter, those mistakes.
As always, thanks for reading! PLEASE leave comments, they motivate me to keep going, aaaaand leave kudos, if you want
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment, and kudos if you can/want!
(See the end of the chapter for
First of all: I know it's been, like, forever. I have an excuse, though. I'm writing a story (that I'm already publishing, if you wanna check out), and I got super into it, so I didn't have time to write more one shots. Once I finish it, I'll go back to the usual posting here, but meanwhile... I'm focusing on that one.
Stil, writing helps me to feel better, and less stressed, so I've been trying to write more, lately. Can't promise regular updates (at least until I finish my projects & finals), but I promise I'll try!
(See the end of the chapter for
Anyways, sorry, back to the chapter:
*Ti voglio bene, Papà: I love you, Dad.
For now, however, let me thank all of you for sticking around for this long, for being patient and amazing readers and supporters. Thank you for all the lovely comments and kudos, thank you to everyone who enjoyed this story (stories even) and my writing. It's been wild to grow up along this story, to see my writing develop and get used to writing in my second language.
“I managed to convince your Dad to spend some time with me” Steve joked “, although it was pretty hard, almost had to lock the workshop down for him to pay attention to me”
I always wonder what you guys think is going to happen OR what you want to happen.
well... hi.
“Man, I was so worried” he whispered, in a voice so low Peter knew his words were meant to be heard by just him “. The news looked terrible and your family wasn’t saying a thing and-“
And in order to do so, the young businessman had called for all of his allies- or, better said, employees. Admittedly, he didn’t like to be in the same room as them or to have them in his property, but the job was the job, right? And deep down Harry knew they were the best in what they did… or at least, the best he could get.
“Will do” Peter nodded, smiling at his Aunt and walking to the exit side by side. He said goodbye with a hug and grabbed a taxi arguably fast, aware pretty much all of the taxis in New York wanted to give a ride to Spider-Man… and hey, sometimes that was really convenient, so why complain?
saved
Family was the most important thing, after all.
The chapter is shorter than usual, but I gave it to you guys sooner than usual, too. If you guys like the longer chapters better, then tell me and I'll probably change it, again (probably, idk)
-They're still living in the Tower
Anyway, please enjoy and tell me what you thought!
his team, had known everything about them and fully trusted them. Of course, it helped to know every member of his team trusted him fully and would follow his orders, despite Peter being the youngest of the bunch (although,
Please leave a comment to tell me what you thought of this and thank you so much for reading!
Okay, bye!
Love you all!
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony dyed his and Steve had the serum… now that he thought about it, he was probably still virgin from any grey hairs thanks to his own enhancement. Well, he’d take what he could get. It’s all about the small victories, after all. Or so they said, Peter was tired. And a bit confused.
Aaaaanyways, enjoy the chapter!
- my fault, really, I pushed it back for way too long”
(See the end of the chapter for
You can all give me more names for the new team (Peter+Ned+MJ). I've received some really cool names, but I'd love to hear even more!
“Sure” the redhead shrugged “, but make sure to tell him only the basic stuff - I know you are meeting friends and they are trustworthy, Honey, but you don’t know who is around you at that place- so just tell him the basics, and Monday morning he and you have a short meeting with me”
“Which is why you tried to keep your family away, too” Shuri sighed, not liking Peter’s explanation (and still a bit mad), but understanding his point. She knew she hadn’t been the only one to be kept in the dark; hell, almost everyone had been, all confused by the young genius’ actions and by how sudden it’d all been, but it still stung “. Peter, I need you to be honest right now, okay? I need you to tell me everything that you can or are willing to tell me,
“I’m okay” he murmured after a moment “. It sucks, but I’m okay”
(See the end of the chapter for
Also, is pretty weird to write Flash as the bully when he sort of redeemed himself in the last story lmao.
“. Definitely going to look into that”
“Hey, little punk” Bucky greeted him, already dressed to accompany his nephew to the press conference “. Everyone’s on their way, only your parents are still here, but we figured you’d prefer it that way”
(See the end of the chapter for
ps: please take care and be safe <3 <3
Now, let's go on with the chapter!
“Wasn’t expecting you to” Michelle smiled, letting Peter go. They all stood in the hallway for a short uncomfortable moment, until Shuri (thankfully) took them all to the living room, quickly filling the sofas. Peter sat in the individual one, not feeling like sitting next to anyone just then, and then waited for anyone to start talking.
“Eventful enough for at least three books” Peter said, laughing. His Dads laughed back at him, nodding.
Next one is going to be a much shorter one shot, an extra part of the first story I've published, something a reader asked me to write! Hope is up in the next one, or the following one. I'm going into the end of the academic year and I have so much projects and tests... so it's harder to write. I use it to distract myself, though.
More than anything, Peter had spent the entire week trying to get ready for the press conference, going over and over his words in his head, working to be able to do the speech without having his hands shake too much. Two days from the conference, he used every visit he got to practice with them, too, all of his family only listening and providing him with a few pointers when they deemed it necessary.
Have you seen the new mini-trailer for Endgame? Dear God... I don't want to spoil too much, but I got the Irondad-Spiderson content I really, really needed. Now, enjoy the chapter
Enjoy the chapter!
“It’s not looking good,” Karen said, sounding a weird mix between sad and urgent “. The knife pierced through vitals organs and his heart is not pumping enough blood to keep his body functioning. He’s going to pass soon, Peter”
Please leave a comment so I know what you thought of this chapter, and thank you so much for reading!
“Dads…?” He whispered, confused “. Where…?”
“C’mon, us four working together as a team, taking the world by storm… doesn’t that sound
. He looks like this is where he wanted to be all along, doesn’t he? Like this is his true calling, like this? This is all he ever wanted”
God, sorry, I'm a little bit of a mess. I wanted to post last Saturday, but... well, it was a Saturday, and I was out 'til late and I had the chapter unfinished.
) he rode his bike much less, if anything because of Tony’s heart problems. But, Peter had not seen his Dads in more than a week, so a little teasing was
And, even better: tell me what you guys think will happen next. The story is not ending any time soon... thanks for reading, and I hope to read you soon! PLEASE leave a comment and if you can, a kudo!
What happens now?
Please, Peter, be there, please...
And Tony has one last thing to say to Peter
just how hard you had to train to get to a decent level - he was the walking and breathing proof of that.
On the other hand, stepping back from that ‘right person, wrong time’ he’d had with MJ for so long had been the right choice, and time had only proven that. They had given each other space to grow without any type of expectations, gone back to being best friends and, even when the first few months were still a little awkward, they both found their groove. Peter had seen Michelle grow into this independent and amazing woman that needed no one to be happy, which is what he’d wanted for her in the first place. Now, if she chose to be with someone, that was not going to be directly tied to her happiness. And that was good.
I hope you liked this chapter! I really liked to write the superfamily scene, and I don't know why, but I also really enjoyed to write the scene between Pepper and Peter. And the one between Harry and Peter- I really like their banter.
“Would that be so bad, Peter?” Bucky asked, trying to not push his nephew too far “. Honey, Harry is not someone you can hold on to for the rest of your life, and I know you know this… sure, you forgot your anniversary, but is it that bad…? If anything, it should feel liberating, like you’re not tied to someone who will do you no good”
“Likewise” Peter smiled, getting some sighs from the small audience there was in the studio. Abeer smiled back, marveling in the presence of Peter- the kid she had met twelve years ago had beautifully transformed into a man everyone in the world felt proud of “. We’ve known each other for a while, haven’t we?”
So, now May knows who Peter's parents are...
Peter is slowly warming up to the idea of his new parents...
Also, there's trouble in Paradise...
What does Bucky really want?
What happens when he comes back? Will everything be back to what it was?
(See the end of the chapter for
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
“No shit” Shuri laughed, rolling her eyes fondly at him “, Pepper almost had to force you to go to this one… I lost count of the times she compared you to Tony”
and we tell each other
Anyway, PLEASE tell me what you think about the new chapter! I missed hearing you guys' opinion!
Be safe and be kind! Love you all 3000.
“I think you’re absolutely right, kiddo” Tony immediately nodded, Steve agreeing wordlessly with them “. And… what about the conversation we had? About you loving two people”
So it hadn’t been too hard to put some of fake care at the end of the short interaction, for sure messing with Peter’s head even if it was just a bit. Things had been a bit slow after it (lots of training on Harry’s side, lots of meetings to get the team together), but he’d been able to put Electro into action and then- he’d been able to discover Peter was returning to MIT for a few weeks to finish his Ph.D.. The instant he’d found out he’d called his assistant to arrange some lectures, and so- he’d been at MIT at the right time, right place.
I told you guys I love angst with a happy ending, huh?
"You guys seriously think this is a good idea?" Bruce asked, frowning. Almost all of the Avengers (minus Wanda, Clint and Vision, who were in a short mission) were there, waiting for Fury. Peter had moved in a couple of days ago, and Steve and Tony had decided to call Fury into the Penthouse to get over the custody issue as soon as posible.
(See the end of the chapter for
But, at what cost?
Also, Ned
Um, hey... yeah, I know I ended the last chapter with a little (really, really little) cliffhanger, but, well...Last chapter of this arc! Next one will move closer to the main story, which, obviously, will involve Peter.
“Like ninety percent of it - but not everything! Besides, he only did it because I had to help him” the blond said, trying to explain himself. Shuri sighed, knowing how much Harley really appreciated Peter, as a surrogate brother and as a person in general. She scooted closer to him and looked him dead serious in the eyes.
-Now he's back... so let's see what happens
“So you called for the big help, huh?” The taller man grumbled, standing up and still trying to get his breathing under control “. Realized how much of a joke you are that you have to call for help?”
“Baby, I’m so sorry about Harry. You have to know I am, okay? I never wanted for this to happen, never did”
Peter sighed, not really wanting to debate any further. The idea of fighting Harry was killing him inside, so the last thing he wanted was to get to know just how much the young Osborn hated him (even though Peter could get a faint idea of it). And, if he was being honest, he knew he had to be quick - the plan was to knock Harry unconscious and put him in prison, but to keep him alive.
happened to Steve, with a crazy and yet better than he could’ve imagined family… life was good. Life was perfect, even with all the inconveniences, even with the heartbreak and the bad times, even when the world weighted just a bit too much. Life was better that way, and everyone there knew it. Their journey had not been easier, but just that had made it all the more perfect.
“Right” MJ nodded “. Still sucks”
Alsom if you haven't yet, check out my other story!
“At least partly” Peter nodded “, but that doesn’t make it easier, Uncle B. It just means I could excuse my actions then, and that I
he was.
“So?” Bucky asked, voice gently and not pushing “, are you going to do it?”
“That they’ve done” Abeer said, nodding. “But how do you think they’re settling into that retired life? Are they getting used to not fighting villains every other week?”
“Oh,” Michelle blinked. To be fair, she had forgotten about the article the second she’d realized Peter was bleeding out in the roof of a building. Now, the two of them alone in the superhero’s apartment, the journalist felt caught for a moment. But just for a brief moment, because, after all… “. Peter, I was doing my job. They asked me to write an article about it and I couldn’t say no, nor was I going to, not when it was an
“It may be a good idea to stop smirking in victory, doofus” MJ whispered in his ear “. I’m sure Ned is still sixty percent sure he wants to tackle you to the ground”
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
I hope you're all doing okay! I'm incredibly stressed with finals, but hanging on lmao. Anyway, enjoy!
I've read a lot of comments (in this chapter and in the one that ended with the cliffhanger of Peter being attacked) and a lot of you think he will get really hurt and his Dads will find out about all of this that way... well, let's see if that actually happens. Btw, I'll be on a trip this Saturday, so the chances of posting are slim... next Wednesday you guys will have one without a doubt, but I don't know about Saturday just yet.
