I sit back and stare into John’s eyes. “They’d planned it out—or at least they were led to believe it was their plan.”
As they climb onto the roof, it’s all John can do not to grab Sherlock’s coat and shake some sense into him. Or pull him in and kiss those perfect lips. Instead, he follows across the top to the other side where there’s a set of tiered fire escape stairs. John is relieved it’s not another ladder. John looks down from the roof and appreciates what’s below: a glasshouse that fills most of the courtyard. Through the glass and cracked vents John sees the lush greens but also bright flowers. Firecracker reds and brilliant shades of purples, oranges, and yellows. The sun’s rays bounce off the glass in rainbows of light.
“I never thought of it as that,” John says, picking up his newspapers and notes off the coffee table next. He sets them on the counter next to his open laptop.
Mary grabbed one of the bean-bag chairs, and pulled in right next to John’s. She sat down in it cross-legged and sipped her coffee.
“People mostly. That’s how I knew the moment I saw you. He’s captured you so well, although a younger version, but you. Charcoal and pencil sketches.” There. He’d said it, and she cries. John’s not sure what to do. He wants to comfort her, but she’s embarrassed at her outburst, covers her face with her long fingers and brushes away the tears.
“Sorry. That was a bit not good,” John smiles despite himself. It’s been hard for John to really smile anymore. It feels good not to force it.
Sherlock had spent long days devising how to defend himself if Moriarty found out he was alive and decided to ambush him. He was on a wooded hill above a small private lake. A map Sherlock had found in one of the adjacent cabins referred to it as Riley Lake. Other small lakes were near— all of which were on state land. The roads surrounding this were one-lane and state maintained. A forest of white pines planted in neat rows surrounded the lake.
He’s a chemist, he’s a genius. And she wants him to help synthesize and test a new undetectable drug and use it as an additive to other prescription drugs. From what Sherlock can see, they’re close to perfecting it. An addictive substance, highly addictive, with a subtle euphoric and calming effect. But is it truly undetectable? She wants Sherlock, the detective, to detect the undetectable. If it wasn’t so horrific, it would be comical.
Williams closes his eyes before he answers. “There are bits and flashes at times when I’m awake. In dreams, there are people I don’t know who I call by name. How does this pertain to my supposed addiction?”
His heart feels like it’s beating out of his chest. His minds struggles to scan through drugs that trigger fatal arrhythmias. He’s seen Cardiff Infirmary pharmacy, but he can’t access what he needs. It’s mixed up and jumbled inside his head. He does manage to narrow the possibilities down, but he's so slow! He’s become all those normal people he detests! How do they stand it?!
The stairs groan, a signal that John is home. He comes in through the kitchen carrying two bags. He sets them on the counter, and a quick look inside each tells me he has forgotten the milk and eggs. I immediately see dirt on his shoes.
"My arm is being rejected," I say slowly. "I have a serious infection. I am an adept alchemist, I am of no use in this condition. If I do not receive medical treatment, the infection will spread and I will die. I will be of no value to you."
Thank you to all who have commented. And thank you to my new beta, hotshoegain. I appreciate you stepping up and giving support.
. While he was trying to resume breathing, Molly handed him one of her pens. John leaned back and opened his notebook.
“John. I am perfectly capable of speaking for myself,” Sherlock says, then turns to Mycroft. “How shall I help?”
Voices buzz around. Lestrade looks at my leg and shouts for a medic. People walk around us. All the while, John keeps holding my hand.
"That's fine. It happens," John said. Another British guy. John wondered how so many of them were fetching up here in the Upper Midwest.
In the morning he's greeted by Sherlock holding a plate full of beans and canned pears. He's wearing a silly camo sunhat that flops over his face. John blinks up into the light as Sherlock grips him under his arms to help him sit, knocking the hat off his head. Birds roosting in the palm trees outside sing out. At least someone is happy.
"If you are then prove it. Seems ta me the only thing yer good for is heats. Sorry Pink Wednesday Pants, unless you can turn this ta gold, this is your last stop. You show me now. Turn this stone here ta gold or diamonds or somethin' else of value, or I pedal yer pink panties to the highest bidder."
And one familiar one, showing up at just the wrong moment. "Greg! Hi!" John tries not to actually squeak at the rumpled detective.
In a blink, Sherlock rolled out of the bed, rubbing the back of his head. His shins rested against the mattress to keep his balance.
One other point that bothered John before this: even if freshman weren’t allowed to live off-campus, John knew that Sherlock’s brother Mycroft could have arranged for Sherlock to be put in private housing. He had the means and the money. Why hadn’t he done this?
“This not where he was raised,” she says, referring to the photo. “Our family home burned when he was a young boy, but he lived here for much of his childhood. You may see his room if you’re not convinced yet.”
"Rest. Now you want me to rest. What about knocking me out and then sticking me on that cut-rate jet?"
“I do need to lie down.” He closes his eyes to avoid questions and only opens them to take note of where they are going. It’s outside of Cardiff. It’s not rural, but it’s still unfamiliar to him. They pull through a large gated home that must have at least twelve bedrooms with a Japanese garden gracing the grounds. There’s a coach house with an adjoining Victorian stables.
“My, my. How soon they forget,” she says, nudging John with her foot. Sherlock tries his best to ignore it. “In all fairness,” she says to Mycroft. “I have changed a lot. Grown up. I didn’t expect Sherlock to recognize me since he has no memory, but you, Mycroft? You don’t even recognize your own sister?”
“That was a mere tip of the iceberg. You know she was a vicious assassin. The list was much longer and much more brutal than what was on the drive.” She laughs. “She destroyed people’s lives. Ruined families. She knew it was only a matter of time and people would come after her and return to her what she sowed.”
He didn’t think people would mind on a Saturday night. No one was around. Not even Sherlock. John knew he should be out and mingling, but he didn’t feel much like socializing. It's not like he could afford to go anywhere. Freshman weren't allowed to have cars, and public transportation was his only option. No place he could go that he could afford.
The inside is stately and stiff to him. He’s not impressed. He’s certain that he’s never cared much for fine furniture or fancy furnishings. He likes nice things, but he’s decided that he likes comfortable in a home more.
“My, my,” she says with a wink as she looks out the crack in her door, “not that an old lady doesn’t appreciate young love, but you two need to take that into your flat.”
The scrubs reveal the evidence, and Sherlock hand flies to cover it. Too late. John has noticed and licks his lips.
He was up wound tight in the sheets. I bent down to check on him and felt his head and checked his pupils when he sits up and kisses my cheek! I jumped back in shock and was halfway out the door when he calls my name. He settled down after. I, however, couldn’t sleep. That’s why I’m telling you my day.
She flicks her eyes back to me and actually snarls. “She was going to double cross me. She planned to kill me. I saw it in her eyes that she would kill me. After all, it was her nature. She was scorpion. It was myself or her, so I made the choice.”
"But Mary did agree. How did you get him to drop it?" John notices Sherlock's shoulders have tensed and his jaw twitches. "I don't understand."
“Brilliant!” John says, then thinks on it a bit more. “But why would your brother be so cruel? He let your poor mum think he was dead! She was in pain. And all those months he…”
John slid down the drift through the deep snow. He struggled to stand and got his feet under him, when bang! Sherlock slid into him, knocking him back down into the snow face first. Christ this was next to impossible to stand in it. It was almost to his waist.
He's still uncertain who is behind his kidnapping until daisy tattoo comes into John's cabin with his dinner (that he won't keep down)(again).
Sherlock shook his head. This wasn’t the reaction he wanted from John. He was upset, distrurbed. What game was James playing?
“Hey! That’s my life you’re insulting.” John is resigned but still angry. Sherlock decides he rather likes the look on John.
William leans on him a bit as they climb back up the steps. Somehow they manage to make it back to his room without too much attention. He does have a nice bum.
I struggle to open my eyes again. I simply can't lift my head. I hear myself moan. It’s a effort, but I manage to shake my head.
That means that Anthea most likely knew Mycroft was alive too. It was all an act, which makes John’s blood boil.
I climb out of the cab and pay the driver. I am just walking past Speedy’s when I hear someone call out to me. He steps out from the shop's doorway. He’d been there to keep dry from the rain.
"Oh, no, you're hurt," he gasped out dramatically. He reached out and grasped John's hand, inspecting his knuckles. "You should get this cleaned up."
“If you hadn’t noticed, I haven’t been able to articulate much until now. At least it’s not your oatmeal jumper.”
"Look," I said. The roar of the chopper made me shout over the noise. "I want us to be together. We don't need a life or death situation to know that I want you and you want me. It's a fact. You understand facts."
“It will since I’ve just opened the site from private to public. No one will know the timing of any of the posts.”
John flinches a bit. Maybe he had. He wonders if part of him didn’t expect Will to do this. “I have a password,” he says in defense.
“But there was the chance.” John grips Sherlock’s hand tighter. “Either way, it was an impossible choice. By not releasing that nuke, you saved over 400 thousand people.”
They watch the rest, then kiss as Sherlock searches the internet. He finds falsehoods and little evidence. All between quick gropes and burning lips. Investigating was never so stimulating! When John sends Sherlock off to bed, Sherlock is hard and needy, but he doesn’t ask for more. Not until John’s ready to give it.
He didn't know if that was true. He hadn't seen any hint of coke around the room. He supposed Sherlock would be smart enough to hide it from him. Sherlock did become rather manic at times. If he was using, it hadn’t suppressed his appetite: he ate always ate like a fiend when given the opportunity. He even ate the Campbell's tomato soup with Ritz crackers when John made it for him.
"That's more like what I had in mind. Hmm, but what about this cord?" John unties the cord and forms a honda knot. "Another role reversal: I could pretend to be you as a virgin, or...we could pretend that you are a drug lord, and I am a rent boy who will do anything to get a fix."
“So, you saved lives. Brought people to justice. And along the way, you hurt a few people’s feelings. Boohoo! Small price, I’d say.”
“From what I hear, he’s an enigma in the department. His degree isn’t in behavioral psychology, but he wrote a brilliant paper on false memory that caught Professor Doyle’s interest.”
Through the haze, Sherlock accesses John’s expression. Fists clenched, brow pulled tight. John is concentrating on pushing back his pain, but that’s not the reason for his reaction. He’s angry. “How much did you hear? Exactly?”
Old warehouses leveled and bulldozed. Earth moved and filled. Sherlock wonders, how many were buried here? Thousands upon thousands. All family and friends left behind.
Sherlock immediately noticed the bandages on John's knuckles. No other injuries were apparent although one of the knees of his jeans was torn. He'd fallen.
"I think I'll take a shower," Sherlock said. He noticed John blinking up at him as he grabbed a towel and a clean pair of sweatpants out the dresser drawer and raced out of the room.
He blinks and shades his eyes with his hand. It's so bright that it takes him a few minutes to adjust. After the musty air belowdecks, the humid, warm breeze is welcome. It's steady but languid and carries with it fragrances of plants strange to him. And iodine. He's not sure why he smells iodine mixed into the general low tide sort of smell of the water's edge.
Sherlock’s eyes grew wide as James clapped his hands and bounced with sheer joy at the prospect of his possible demise.
Sherlock had leaned over and put his hand on John’s knee. He didn't normally touch people, but this was the perfect opportunity to see if his roommate was receptive or homophobic.
“Do I have a choice?” Will says, getting in. His head is pounding, but he knows he’s not about to pass out. Instead, he blinks back the pain.
When his dad did come home for dinner, he shoveled the cold dinner in as he watched some stupid crime drama on TV.
Sherlock flopped back into the bed, staring at the ceiling, willing himself to get a grip. Instead his own hand reached inside his pants and he stroked himself in time with John's hips. His own cock jerked and wept in his palm.
“But,” John holds up his purloined ID, “as you already know, I’m John Watson. We can’t both be John. Too many Johns as it is.”
“I’m not sexist. Women are equal opportunity murderers.They also trim their nails,” William says. “This man was obviously sedated enough not give much of a fight, yet conscious enough to understand what’s was happening to him. But you already knew that, Doctor Hooper. The murderer is smart and careful.”
Before they leave, Mycroft pulls Sherlock aside. At first Sherlock thinks a new game is afoot, then he sees the question is his brother’s eyes.
, you don’t belong with John Watson. He’s not for you. He’s a man with conscience, a man with principles, a man forever demanding justice. Oh, my dear, Sherlock, you know where you belong. Come with me, back to London.”
Sophy's voice sounds off. On the battlefield John trusted his intuition, and it saved his arse more than once. He thinks he needs to trust it now.
Listening to “I Can’t Get No Satisfaction” and “Paint It Black,” the morgue remains rather slow— a few straightforward post mortems. Causes of death, natural. They bag and label the clothing and personal effects. They leave jewelry on the bodies as always. He also decides that while The Rolling Stones aren’t truly classical, he’s going to learn to play “Wild Horses” on the violin.
Time to depart. Sherlock spins around, coat flying like a cape, spinning through the revolving doors like Superman. He’s straight outside and around the building as fast as he can manage. He’s searching for a specific store which adjoins the building; the shop fronts have changed since google maps updated last, but he recognizes the bright red awning.
“She’s the other reason why I believe she hates Mycroft. She lost her love to Pandora, and she blames my brother for not stopping it.”
John shrugs, looking down at Jack. “Good. I mean, it’s awful and I hate it, but I’m making progress, I think.” He laughs self-deprecatingly. “Turns out that for therapy to work, you actually have to make an effort.”
He bites his lip to prevent himself from coming as he pushes in as deep as he can before withdrawing almost completely, only to thrust back in immediately.
Sherlock’s breath stuttered – this was something he didn’t want to say yes to, but there was real interest in John’s voice, and he didn’t want to refuse him…
“I don’t mean just that,” John says heavily. “There’s also… the mortuary. The way I treated you ever since you came back.”
“Fine,” Sherlock says, more harshly than he intended, John’s concern only adding to the shame crushing him.
“Now, John, please,” he said, tugging at John’s boxers to pull them down, letting his erection spring free. He tried not to think about how thick it was in relation to how wide he’d stretched himself, tried not to factor in how much his muscles would have contracted in the time that had elapsed. It would be fine. John would fuck him and it would be fine.
, that’s gorgeous, Sherlock, that’s—!” John pants, rutting frantically against Sherlock and then coming, Sherlock’s name on his lips.
John pulls him to his feet, kissing him hard. Sherlock feels dazed, the memory of John’s cock in his mouth, feel of his tongue in the same place now, and the expectation of finally having John inside him are almost too much to bear. John’s hand roam down Sherlock’s body, cupping his arse and squeezing, bringing Sherlock’s naked pelvis to grind against John’s clothed belly.
“... Evidently,” Molly says slowly, still staring at him. “But I’m so sorry, I have an early shift tomorrow so I really need to get back to London at a reasonable time.”
Sherlock nods. The toy’s longer than Robert’s fingers and thicker than what Sherlock’s used to, it’s a good medium step and
“Okay?” John panted, clearly having felt the shiver running through Sherlock’s body. He moved one hand to Sherlock’s back, running it up and down in firm, comforting stokes.
Sherlock turns his face to John, seeking his lips, and when John kisses him Sherlock feels like he could come right now, just from John’s lips on his and his own fingers deep in his arse.
There it is, the final confirmation, terrible and amazing at the same time. It feels like an earthquake, the foundations of the world realigning themselves. Sherlock stares at John’s mouth that shaped those impossible, incredible words, and his throat is parched dry.
“I suppose your wife prefers it that way,” Sherlock says, determined to keep the focus away from himself for as long as he can.
John slowly crosses the room to the chair opposite Sherlock’s, the chair Sherlock keeps trying and failing not to think of as
“I want you to ride me,” John tells him as he reaches for the lube, coating himself in it. Sherlock is almost insensate with want. “Fuck yourself on my cock, show me how much you enjoy it.”
He gasps when the first finger breaches him, slick but uncompromising. He fights his body’s instinctive reaction to clench and resist the intrusion and tries to relax as much as he can. The finger moves in and out, in and out a few times at fast, rough pace but it’s not too bad. All too soon, however, it’s joined by another one and that burns a little, pushing at his inner walls, stretching him, working him open without finesse.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John says very softly. “It’s not – it’s not what you think at all, I would never do that to you… although I honestly can’t blame you if you find that hard to believe, after how I treated you. But I promise you, I’m being entirely serious here. I… please, can you look at me?”
“Sometimes.” John wants to ask why only sometimes, but he thinks he knows the answer, and so he doesn’t. Sherlock tilts his head to one side, wordlessly begging John to give more attention to his neck.
“Now, where were we,” John said as he kicked off his trousers and climbed on the bed. He’d left his pants on, which Sherlock was grateful for, because he felt that if he saw John’s impressive member now he might faint. The outline of it inside John’s boxers was enough to leave his mouth dry.
He can feel Sherlock hesitate, but a moment later he hears the tell-tale whisper of skin against clothing as Sherlock strokes himself through his trousers, and he grins. Soon there are little sighs escaping Sherlock’s lips and John looks at him over his paper, finding out that he no longer needs to pretend to be reading: Sherlock’s eyes are closed, his head thrown back in pleasure as he grinds his palm against his cock.
It’s evident that John is about to leave now, and Sherlock suddenly feels something like panic rising in his chest.
“I know, I’m just imagining you two doing experiments together,” John says, and he sounds amused and… fond? “I know you’d never let her come to any harm.” He clears his throat. “If you’re done eating, I thought we could go to the park? The weather’s lovely. Unless you’re busy, of course.”
He thought maybe he should be trying to draw it out or just somehow make it better and more interesting than the quick wanks he gave himself but he wasn’t sure how and he couldn’t
“Milk!” John exclaims, breaking the moment, and Sherlock turns back to the stove just in time to lift the saucepan off the hob before the milk boils over.
“I’ll just bring us some water, all right?” he says, kissing Sherlock’s forehead. “I’ll be right back.”
Hearing John say his name is all it takes: Sherlock’s pleasure peaks in one sharp spike, and the world explodes behind his eyes as he spills over their hands, his head thrown back in a shout that never manages to leave his lungs.
Sherlock nearly trips over his own feet on before he manages to sit down in front of the mirror. Here’s a man who finds him attractive – it shakes Sherlock to the core. He’s aware he’s attractive to some people, of course, and he has used the fact to his advantage numerous times. But this is the first time he’s detected admiration in someone’s eyes at a time when could be receptive to the attention, and he’s been feeling so awful lately that just the thought he’s somehow managed to elicit any sort of positive feeling in someone is like a balm. And while he knows how to flirt for a case, to extract information, to obtain a favour, he finds he has no idea how two strangers who like the look of each other might actually progress from there. He sits down in the chair, his pulse hammering.
Sherlock thought that would be enough – John being sorry and determined to be better would be enough, but now everything that John has said seems insurmountable. He came back so willing to let John win back his trust,
Sherlock does as he’s told, kissing John with all he has. When they come up for air again, John’s irises have almost disappeared.
“John,” Sherlock says as his third finger breaches him, the stretch combined with the weight of John’s gaze almost too much, and then he brushes his prostate and it’s unbearable, he needs John John John.
Sherlock felt himself turn crimson, and he couldn’t look at John for the life of him. “It’s… I… I feel like… I shouldn’t be seen like that,” he got out with difficulty, and he had to put his tea on the coffee table to avoid spilling it in his shaking hands.
, overall. And if this is what Sherlock voicing his feelings has led to, then he can’t regret it, even if he doesn’t really understand John’s reasoning behind it. The initial awkwardness has dissipated and things are better now than they used to be.
“Yes. I know you were wondering why I chose a therapist at the other side of London – well, this is why. I went to him because I heard he was very good with sexuality issues. It turns out most of the things that I fucked up in my life were tied to that somehow, that I couldn’t accept this about myself. It’s why I… It’s the reason why I was so… unkind, so…” he looks at his hand lying on his thigh, flexing his fingers, “… aggressive with you. I couldn’t cope with the fact that I was in love with you and I took it out on you.” He looks back up at Sherlock, and his eyes are shiny. Are those tears? “I tried to cover up how I felt by being harsh and… cruel to you, and that’s – unforgivable. But if you
John is waiting for him in the kitchen when Sherlock emerges, and Sherlock notices the tells within seconds. Posture relaxed, face reddened, breathing slightly elevated but slowing down, hands recently washed, dried with the tea towel lying crumpled on the counter, kitchen roll in a different position than it was before and at least one sheet has been torn off – but not to dry John’s hands. Belt recently refastened, since the end of it hasn’t had time to escape from the last loop. Erection – gone. The conclusion is unavoidable.
“Oh my god,” John breathes, and sits down heavily on a kitchen chair, as if unable to keep himself upright. “Oh my god. You think I’m… using you.”
John said nothing. It was probably a stupid idea. John had seemed to like it when Sherlock stroked him yesterday, but what could Sherlock’s inexperienced hands offer that John couldn’t do better himself?
“No! It wasn’t your fault, I just… it was too much and I couldn’t focus, I’m sorry, I didn’t want to ruin it like that.” He felt like there was a block of ice lodged in his chest. Would John give him another chance? But why should he want someone who couldn’t manage something as simple as
, his back arching as tight heat envelops John and then clenches around him as Sherlock comes, thick strips of come landing on his belly.
“You sure this was your first time?” Terry asks, his voice a bit muffled because his face is buried in the pillow. “Cause that was fantastic.”
“Edinburgh, I think,” Patrick says illogically. It’s a complete non sequitur to Sherlock but it seems to mean something to Sam, who nods. He reaches up to cup Sherlock’s cheek.
John hesitates. It feels wrong to leave Sherlock like this, but he obviously wants to be alone. And in the end, what could John do to help?
“Jesus Christ,” John whispers and lifts his head, looking at Sherlock with a pained expression. “You have nothing to apologise for. You… just, just listen to me now, okay? You are
The jittery arousal he felt just moments before is gone without a trace. This isn’t about sex, it’s a display of dominance, pure and simple.
John sometimes finds it irritating when he’s exhausted from work but Sherlock seems to have done nothing all day, and when Sherlock knows John’s coming and he has enough energy and presence of mind to do it, he makes sure he’s properly dressed and appearing busy when John comes to avoid unnecessary anger triggers. No such luck today.
You fucking panicked, Sherlock!” He rose of the sofa, and Sherlock could almost see the rage surging up in him. “And I
and it’s not drugs – that’s all he cares about. It’s good to feel that he can have a little physical affection, that he’s deserving of it, even if it’s just in the context of no-strings-attached sex with someone who doesn’t even know his real name. It’s better than nothing – and it’s definitely better than getting beaten up by his best friend.
Sherlock wants to groan in frustration because he’d been successfully getting lost in the sensations and now his hesitation is back. He kneels on the bed behind Terry and looks down at his hole, slick and open but now it doesn’t seem nearly open enough to accommodate anything thicker than maybe a finger. He knows he’s being ridiculous, he knows the ring of muscle will stretch around his cock like it was moments ago and Terry was obviously enjoying it very much, he
Sherlock’s breathing quietens a little but not completely, and when he opens his eyes to look at John it’s not with the glazed, post-coital look he usually gets, but with undiminished want.
John’s heart almost stops at the sight, even though Sherlock’s enjoyment had been more than obvious.
“Okay?” he asks quietly when he stops by Sherlock’s bed, and Sherlock nods emphatically, so that John can’t miss it in the lack of light.
He got the lube and spread it on John himself – he actually enjoyed that, letting John’s cock slide between his fingers, listening to John’s sighs, but there was no time to dwell on it now. His heart was hammering and it felt like the weight of his need not to disappoint John was going to crush him. He needed to get this over with.
to give it to you. And if you’ve decided that a romantic relationship is something you might be interested in then you
” Before John can finish the sentence, Sherlock bears down, impaling himself on John’s cock in one smooth movement. They both cry out – it’s been some time since the last time John was inside him, and Sherlock’s passage has had time to tighten again. It grips John like a vice, hot and tight.
Sherlock smiles. He feels surprisingly okay about all of this, he realises. He let Patrick and Sam see him in a moment of weakness, let them help him, let them know that what he truly craves is a loving relationship. And it’s fine. It’s
If Sherlock still held on to the belief that he’s above base human urges, he’d have to abandon that belief now once and for all, because Terry’s words work on him despite his fear. Something male and primal in him responds to the invitation to
“On your forehead,” John explains, then picks up a napkin from the table and wipes something off Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock ducks his head, feeling a blush rise up in his cheeks.
“Do you really want to do this here?” Sherlock asks, gesturing to their surroundings where people are already sneaking glances at them. John looks around, blinking owlishly, and nods.
What’s even worse, though, is that if Sherlock is all that, then John, his protector, his moral compass, his conductor of light… is his abuser. How can that be true? Where did they go so wrong? How did the best thing in his life turn into hell?
it would be all right if I only managed to get through it the first time, it would be fine after that, I’m sure of it,
When night begins to fall, Sherlock locks himself in the bathroom and sets about getting ready. First, enema. It might not be entirely necessary, given that John’s a doctor and hardly squeamish, but Sherlock’s already a poor substitute to what John really wants, so he should at least try to spare him any unpleasant surprises. Next, shower. He cleans himself as thoroughly as he can, using a shower gel with a flowery fragrance that he hopes will be enough to mask any distinctly masculine scents. Then, as close a shave as possible, followed by a scentless balm that promises to leave his skin soft and smooth.
Sherlock’s heart rate picks up. John’s eyes are boring into his, and the certainty in them is unmistakable.
Sherlock was relieved – not because he didn’t want to have sex with John, but the emotional roller coaster of the last few hours had left him rather exhausted and besides, he’d really prefer to do some research beforehand, to feel less woefully unprepared.
Sherlock only hums in response, momentarily sated, but John knows it’s not going to last long. He keeps as still as he can, waiting for Sherlock to wind down a little. When he feels he’s given Sherlock enough time to recover, he begins to move inside him.
“Can’t it be both?” Sherlock asks. “I want it more than I expected to, but I also want you to stop worrying once and for all. Do you really think, after yesterday, that hurting me is still a possibility?”
“But it matters to me, Sherlock!” John interrupted him. “That’s not how I want it to happen. I want to make love to you, not—get off while you’re panicking or struggling not to or gritting your teeth to bear it.”
looks like in Dr Schneider’s eyes: Sherlock as a helpless victim, John as an aggressor – he knows what word Dr Schneider probably thinks he should use to refer to
“Like this?” he asks, teasing Sherlock’s rim. Sherlock only moans in reply, but that’s all John needs, and he pushes the toy in, not in one sharp thrust but not slowly either.
Sherlock doesn’t sleep, but in the morning he’s likely to be better off than John, who’s bound to have a crick in the neck and a backache on top of the hangover.
“Yes, love, I’m right here.” John tightens his arms around him, pulling Sherlock’s boneless weight closer to his chest.
“Hello, John,” he says when the last notes die down. He turns to face John and smiles, happy to note that once again, John looks a little bit better than the last time Sherlock saw him. It’s a very pleasant trend to witness and it feels incredibly right – they
“Stop now,” John tells him, and Sherlock does, even if a disappointed sound escapes him as his fingers leave him. “You’ve done so well. You’re ready now, aren’t you? Ready for me to fuck you?”
It was amazing, none of his previous fears mattered now because he was giving John pleasure and that was the only important thing in the world… until John caught his wrist and stilled his hand.
He doesn’t know what would happen once he’s got a taste of John’s love. Maybe that would be enough to make him slip back to his old patterns. If John loved him and cherished him for weeks and months and
“Very good, you’re doing perfectly,” John told him and Sherlock relaxed minutely. John’s finger wiggled inside him, stretching him. Sherlock held on to the pillow and breathed. He could get through this. Just stay calm and relaxed and everything would be fine.
“It’s all right, love, I’ve got you,” John whispers to him soothingly. “That was incredible, you did so well, so well.” He pulls the butt plug out gently and wipes the come from Sherlock’s stomach, murmuring endearments and praise to his ear all the while as he waits for Sherlock’s breathing to slow down.
. Sherlock’s hips stuttered forward, his own modest erection meeting John’s impressive one, and he yelped.
The most difficult part of his stay comes when he and Dr Schneider finally talk about the event that prompted him to come here (or ‘
It’s not unexpected – Sherlock has known it would happen ever since the start – but the rejection still feels like a kick.
her to touch him, wants to be the sort of person who’s able receive physical affection from a friend. He swallows audibly. He considers Molly one of his dearest friends, but they’ve mostly just worked together, they don’t really… do things that friends do. What do friends do?
Then Sherlock meets Jack, and that convinces him that anything is possible because despite his previous conviction, love at first sight does in fact exist. It only takes one look into Jack’s deep, soulful eyes and he’s lost. Jack looks at him from his kennel at an animal centre in Battersea, his ears floppy, his tongue hanging out and his tail wagging, and Sherlock falls in love instantly. Jack is a cross between a Dachshund and a Cocker Spaniel, with soft black fur, a slight limp due to an old injury and a very cuddly disposition. Mrs Hudson is not best pleased when Sherlock first brings him home because she specifically said she’d only allow a short-haired breed, but she soon softens because Jack is simply too adorable to resist. Sherlock doesn’t take any cases for a week and spends his time helping Jack adjust to his new home. By the end of the week, they are well on the way to becoming best friends. Sherlock marvels at what a profound effect Jack has on his well-being. He’s not alone anymore, and that gives him back some of the confidence he’s lost since returning to London – simply because there’s someone who’s excited when he gets home and wants to cuddle with him on the sofa and benefits from having Sherlock in his life.
“That’s why I asked about… making love to you. I was wondering if you could be… satisfied with other forms of stimulation, at least for a while.”
“Yes,” John interrupts him and cups Sherlock cheek. “Of course, yes, Sherlock. I was hoping you’d ask. I want – a proper home, with you and Rosie.”
“How are you hard again already?” John mutters. He’d hoped that after three orgasms in quick succession, Sherlock would need a little while longer to recover, but apparently his refractory period is still within the range of single minutes.
“I wanted to do that from the moment I first saw you,” Florian says, his thumb stroking over Sherlock’s cheekbone.
“It’s okay,” Sam says softly as he takes Sherlock’s coat and Patrick ushers him to sit down on the sofa. They both look at him with slightly worried expressions, and who can blame them? Sherlock just spend several long minutes just standing in front of their house, staring at their door like a madman.
He breaks off, pride sharpening his desire as he takes in Sherlock’s kiss-swollen lips and dazed look. Sherlock sets his head back on the pillow with a sigh. John starts off by mouthing at Sherlock’s pulse point, kissing and licking and sucking until Sherlock whimpers helplessly, and then he kisses down Sherlock’s spine, vertebra after vertebra, lavishing attention on every single one of them. By the time he reaches Sherlock’s coccyx Sherlock’s breathing has gone heavy and ragged, from nothing but the anticipation of where John’s mouth is headed.
“Not at the moment,” Sherlock says. “But I have a client scheduled for tomorrow morning who thinks his wife is a vampire.”
Sherlock lets out a displeased whine when John has to stop and take a break to rest his jaw and tongue, but John soothes him by kneading his buttocks and rubbing his perineum with his fingers. When John returns to the task at hand he goes straight to the point, pushing the tip of his tongue against the ring of muscle until it yields. He sets about opening Sherlock up, making his hole loose and wet and all but ready for John’s cock – not tonight, of course, tonight John wants to bring Sherlock to orgasm just like this, but the thought of preparing Sherlock with his tongue rather than his fingers on another occasion is very alluring.
Sherlock sighs quietly and his fingers curl around John’s arm, and John knows that if Sherlock were able to move, he’d be burrowing closer to John now. John wants nothing more than to take Sherlock in his arms, pull him close and soothe him to sleep, but his throat is parched and Sherlock’s must be doubly so, with how vocal he’d been, and John forgot to refill the water bottle.
. Why shouldn’t he look for someone who’d be able to provide more of the same? He’s supposed to seek out positive things, after all.
John flipped to his back, pulling Sherlock with him. Sherlock ended up half on top of John and immediately liked the new position as John’s hands found their way to his back.
They look at each other and it seems impossible not to. Sherlock wishes he knew how to tell John what it means to him, that John is here, telling him things like that, instead of turning away from him in disgust. He wishes he could hug John, hold him close to his chest like that one, precious time. But that’s impossible now. Not so soon, maybe not ever. He couldn’t bear rejection right now, couldn’t bear it if he felt John tense in his arms, enduring Sherlock’s embrace only because of the guilt he seems to feel.
John doesn’t think he’s ever felt worse climbing the seventeen stairs to 221B, with the possible exception of the first time he came up after Sherlock’s fall, but he isn’t even sure about that. The guilt he feels right now somehow seems even worse than grief.
He turns his back to John and opens the fridge. He’s craving his mother’s cottage pie, a childhood comfort food, but he has neither the ingredients nor the energy to make that. He needs something warm and rich and hearty. He could order in, but with John here, he’d rather keep busy than wait for the food to arrive in awkward silence. The fridge is rather empty, but there is a block of cheddar and a half-full bottle of milk – he could make a simple cheese sauce. There should be some pasta in the cupboard.
The atmosphere is rather tense between them for the next few days. The distance they keep between them has tripled, there are no more casual touches, no more relaxed companionship. Sherlock hates it – he lived for those brief moments of closeness, it was the most he could get, but now has to do without them. He hopes it will be only temporary, that they’ll regain their balance in time.
As soon as John’s hold on him falters Sherlock collapses, unable to keep himself upright. The aftershocks die down, and he doesn’t come down from the heights of pleasure as much as he crashes: shame hits him hard enough to rival the force of his orgasm. He’s still trembling and breathless, but now in all the wrong ways. He turns his back to John, who’s saying something that Sherlock can’t even process, pulling his knees up and bending his spine to hide the revolting evidence of his lack of self-control that stains his hand and stomach, in a desperate attempt to hide it from John.
Then, just when Sherlock thinks it can’t possibly get any better, John reaches for Sherlock’s hand, and wraps their joined hands around both of their cocks, and it’s
This thought is quickly followed by another one, much more intimidating. Terry clearly enjoyed being penetrated, and Sherlock knows for a fact that many people do too. Would Sherlock be one of them, if John hadn’t made his first experience into an ordeal? Could he still find out? Could he ever be able to let someone do this to him?
John smiles sadly. “See? You let me do it before. And the terrifying thing is that that just made it easier for me to go on, it made me feel justified, because surely you would try to stop me if I was doing something I had no right to.” He looks at Sherlock intensely. “Which
Sherlock feels himself flush, equal measure flattered and embarrassed. He’s not sure what he’s supposed to do now. Get dressed and leave? Ask to use Terry’s shower, then get dressed and leave? Or get back in bed? Somehow, he doesn’t think that the post-coital cuddles he enjoyed with Florian are exactly the norm with one-night-stands. But it seems heartless to just walk away from a man who just let him come inside of him.
, watching Sherlock’s reactions to his voice: his flush deepens, his pupils blow wide, his breathing grows fast and audible.
“It’s you who’s incredible,” Sherlock says, slurring his words a little, and John is pretty sure Sherlock will need more than a couple of minutes to get his strength back this time. “Water?”
Sherlock nods, unable to speak. There is heat coursing through his veins but it’s not just arousal, it’s also the disarming knowledge that for the first time in Sherlock’s life, his sexual partner is someone who cares about him, someone whom Sherlock trusts implicitly.
He thinks John might never want to touch him again after that, but, not for the first time, he utterly underestimates John Watson.
“Sherlock?” John asked hesitantly but he didn’t fight it, letting his hips slot back against Sherlock, rubbing his cock on the plumpness of Sherlock’s buttocks.
“Indeed.” Sherlock loosens the strings and places the violin back in its case. He’s surprised John was able to tell, his knowledge of music is rather abysmal.
Molly takes a deep breath. “Listen, Sherlock,” she says, and Sherlock can tell by her flustered tone of voice that he’s not going to like what she says. “I’ve been wondering.... I mean, I talked to Greg, after I saw you in Bristol, and he told me – something that I didn’t know before. About – about how exactly you got those injuries in Culverton Smith’s hospital.” She lets out a shuddering breath, her knuckles white where she grips the handle of Rosie’s pushchair. “And I’ve been wondering if the reason you left was… more of the same. You don’t have to answer, or tell me anything. I just want you to know that I’m here for you no matter what and so is Greg. You – you’re not alone.” She gulps. “Rosie, look, elephants!”
Sherlock leaves early the next morning. His stomach churns as he drives towards London, but he doesn’t look back.
Sherlock shivered at John’s words. He hadn’t realised how much he needed to hear them. He let himself relax into John’s arms, allowing John’s warm embrace and obviously heartfelt reassurance to soothe him. John loved him: he’d be all right.
“The sooner you get your cock in me, the sooner you’ll find out,” Terry says, cupping Sherlock through his trousers.
” Sherlock pants, and as John dips his fingers lower to press against Sherlock’s perineum and Sherlock moans, it occurs to John that Sherlock loves anal stimulation, and surely during all his celibate years he didn’t make do with just his fingers.
Sherlock hauls himself up with visible effort, thighs quivering as he braces himself against the headboard. In another situation John would tell him to lie down, but this position offers the best angle to hit Sherlock’s prostate, and John knows he wouldn’t last long enough get Sherlock off – for the second time,
didn’t mind.” When Sherlock doesn’t immediately react, she elaborates. “You’ve met her. My assistant, Kate?”
“You know we can stop at any time,” Robert tells him when they’re both naked and Sherlock’s lying on his back with his legs spread, waiting. He nods. He’s still scared, but in a weird way he simultaneously isn’t.
“You’re really good with her,” John points out when they sit down on a bench, Rosie on Sherlock’s lap with a pouch of baby food while Jack pesters John for head scratches.
“No. We’re not going to do anything hardcore, yes, and I won’t hurt you or do anything you said you don’t want – not intentionally. But we’re new to this, to, to each other. I’m not leaving anything to chance. So: a safeword.”
“I was never afraid of you,” Sherlock says immediately but Irene gives him a look that clearly means she doesn’t believe a word he says.
“I know it’s not my place, but you do realise that’s only possible if he knows he did something wrong and is willing to work on it?”
“Your face when you’re having an orgasm is the single most erotic thing I’ve ever seen,” John murmurs into Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock—giggles, because if there’s something he never expected to come out of John’s mouth, it’s this.
, and he just wants it all to stop, he wants to forget, at least for a moment, make it all just a little bit more bearable. He’ll text Wiggins and…
can help him, but he has no better options and he thinks he might as well try. Talking to Ella that one time after Mary died hadn’t helped him find the solution he needed and it hadn’t made him feel any better, but somehow, he didn’t think it was a wasted trip. It felt like he was doing something, and maybe a more consistent approach would actually have some results, though Sherlock isn’t exactly sure what he wants the results to be. But he’s here already anyway, and he’s desperate enough to try anything.
Everything looks just like when John left, no drug paraphernalia lying about (but you can never be sure with Sherlock, can you). The only difference is several crumpled tissues scattered on the kitchen table by the place where Sherlock sat when John spoke to him. John looks at them blankly, struggling to understand what they mean. Did all this actually make Sherlock cry? And then pass out from exhaustion? John picks them up (still wet) and bins them.
There was something about John’s tone of voice that made Sherlock lift his gaze to John’s face immediately. John’s pupils were blown wide and his face was flushed and the way he was looking at Sherlock was heart-stopping.
“Come back to bed, John,” he says, voice husky, and when John looks up at him from his plate Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on the vee of John’s chest that’s not covered by his dressing gown, his gaze hungry and smouldering. John’s feels himself flush a little under the heated stare, and his cock gives an interested twitch.
“What, our sex toy?” Patrick asks. He places a hand on Sherlock’s jittering thigh and leans forward. “Scott. Surely you agree that we’ve spent a bit too much time together, not to mention too many orgasms, to pretend we’re still just strangers who don’t give a damn about each other. So maybe our activities have been a bit monothematic so far, but that doesn’t mean we don’t care if you need something from us. Which seems to be the case right now.”
“Client? What client?” Sherlock asks and lifts his head, and his voice finally finds some inflection, a level of interest.
think John was interested then, but it wasn’t his area and John denied it, and then afterwards it just seemed impossible, the more he liked John the surer he was John would never like him back, not in the same way, because he was straight and way better than anything Sherlock deserved. And everytime John looked at him in a way that didn’t seem entirely platonic, Sherlock dismissed it. Wishful thinking. But it was there. John’s jealousy of Irene and Janine. The way he looked at him on his stag night. Everything he told Sherlock about how he’d felt. “
“Yeah, I guess we will,” John admits. It won’t be easy, but it will be necessary. “Just one more item on a very long list. But I wanted to say… we’ll still just friends for now, so if you wanted to keep seeing them, that’s okay.”
They meet the next day after Sherlock’s therapy session, where he most certainly doesn’t tell Dr Schneider anything about it even though he can clearly tell she knows something is up.
Sherlock is getting up from the sofa almost before John gets off his lap, eager to be doing what John has asked of him.
“Fuck all this.” John mutters under his breath. (He should really try to not swear in front of Rosie. She’s starting to pick up words now.)
Sherlock can feel his cheeks flare. He knows he’s sensitive to praise, but it seems even worse now given the purpose of his visit.
John has always had a bit of a temper, yes, and he never hesitated too long before punching an opponent, but in all honesty, that was part of what attracted Sherlock to him. But it was never such a dark and twisted thing, and he never turned against Sherlock, until… until Sherlock came back from the dead. John hit him that night on three separate occasions… and even know, Sherlock thinks he probably deserved that after what he’d done to John. Then the Culverton Smith case… where John was certainly right to stop Sherlock and perhaps slap some sense into him, but
Heat rose sharply in Sherlock’s body as he watched John’s climax, blindingly intense, and he felt like was going to come too, he was going to come just from touching John – he keened and gasped and his vision whitened with the force of the sensations that ripped through him. He didn’t actually come, though; instead, he was left painfully hard and panting as he watched the last tendrils of John’s orgasm dissipate. But that didn’t matter – all that mattered was John.
Or maybe there’s something seriously wrong with him for still wanting that after everything John did to him. Maybe it means that he’s not recovered as well as thinks,  that in the end, John still has absolute power over him.
John shuffles to the kitchen, and even though Sherlock isn’t looking at him he can read the awkward hesitance of his movements – he’s not angry, at least not yet. He’s just nervous.
He has to adjust his jeans a couple of times as he waits for Sherlock to be done in the bathroom – he’s hard just from the thought of burying his face between Sherlock’s buttocks, but he needs to keep himself in check. If everything goes according to plan, he won’t get to come for some time.
John chose this particular way remains unanswered, and it’s not one Dr Schneider can help him solve because she doesn’t know John. She can only make the assumption that Sherlock would make in different circumstances, the same deduction he made when one of his Serbian captors threatened to rape him (and fortunately never got the chance): repressed homosexual leanings that can only be expressed when they can be framed as an act of violence. But that interpretation makes no sense with respect to John. His constant protestations of heterosexuality could perhaps be taken as a sign of self-denial, but John has never shown any signs of being attracted to men and definitely not to Sherlock. This explanation simply cannot be true. But then, the only remaining possibility is that John chose to do what he did because he knew it would hurt Sherlock the most and thus be a more effective punishment than a beating. That thought seems excessively cruel, and Sherlock desperately hopes there’s another explanation he hasn’t thought of.
Sherlock wakes up in the dark, the bite on his hand tingling, a deep, persistent ache inside him, and a clear idea about what he needs in his head. He gets up gingerly and stumbles to the window, finding his emergency stash of cocaine unerringly. He prefers injecting, it’s so much neater, but snorting will do in a pinch.
“Speaking of Christmas,” Sam says, “We actually have a present for you, although I’m not sure it’s still appropriate now, given the circumstances.”
Sherlock nodded – he had sort of already known that, in theory, but he tried to etch John’s words to his memory along with the sincere look in his eyes nevertheless, hoping he would be able to remember it in the moment… if there actually was going to be a next time.
John’s eyes close for a brief second, but when he opens them his gaze is unflinching. The mix of pain and determination in his face reminds Sherlock of the terrible night when Magnussen flicked his face, and John approaches this with the same kind of determination
Except not really, he knows from experience how these places drive him crazy with their strict regimes and rules and inane mantras and group sessions, he couldn’t bear it, he’d be bound to shoot up simply out of sheer frustration. But something more low-key, something that could help him stay clean and where he could somehow put himself together, because right now he feels like he’s falling apart at the seams. Somewhere far from everything.
Just three words, but Sherlock can read them for what they are: John reaching out, carefully, in a way that doesn’t require Sherlock to respond, that would be easy to ignore.
“You too, you were incredible,” John breathes in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and then lifts his head press a soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips. They kiss lazily for a little while. Sherlock protests when John tries to shift away, tightening his arms around him, and John laughs.
“Nothing like what you’re thinking. I don’t like pain,” Sherlock gets out finally. “I don’t mind if things get a little rough, but I don’t like purposefully inflicted pain. I can bear it, but I don’t get off on it. I don’t like being restrained. I don’t like any form of humiliation, verbal or physical. But I understand all of that is generally part of the deal.”
He washed away the drying remnants of lube and put on his pyjamas – he needed to be fully covered for this conversion, but he didn’t feel he had the strength to get properly dressed.
“Yeah, but. Surely there are things that seem more appealing than others. And—well. I suppose I’d like you to tell me what didn’t work for you from what we did, and what you think you’d like to do instead. Regardless of what you think I want.” He tightened his hold on Sherlock, kissing the top of his head. “Take your time to think about it if you need to.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says, reluctant to let John get out of bed. Why should he mind the slightly sour taste of John’s mouth? He’ll kiss it away. He sets about doing just that, and the kisses go from slow and languid to something more insistent as John wakes up properly.
The shower stops, and in a moment he hears Sherlock pad towards his bedroom. John lets him wait a little – as long as he can keep himself from rushing to have a look at that stunning body. Sherlock likes it when John is the one in control in bed – not dominating, exactly, but undeniably in charge of the proceedings. So he keeps Sherlock waiting a little bit, and when he can’t bear it anymore he goes to the bedroom, taking a bottle of water and a thoroughly wet flannel with him – Sherlock can get a little clingy after sex, and John doesn’t like having to leave him even for a second.
He remembers the nondescript name, Haus Talblick, and he googles it on his phone standing up in the bathroom, unwilling to try sitting down with his laptop. They offer “healing retreats” with addiction counselling, which sounds like precisely the kind of thing he needs. Healing. Checking the map, he notices that the place is located quite close to the Reichenbach Falls, and if he were a person to believe that sort of thing, he’d think it’s a sign that it’s where he’s meant to go. He dials the number on the website before he can change his mind. It’s late and even later in Switzerland, but the receptionist doesn’t seem to mind, confirming that they have rooms available and obligingly booking their six-week programme for Sherlock (or rather, Scott Siegerson, which is the name he gives) starting tomorrow. He isn’t sure he’ll want to stay that long, but right now, he wants to be as far as possible for as long as possible. His stay arranged, he books the earliest available flight out of London, tomorrow at 6 a.m.
, he almost said, but it was so desperate and needy he couldn’t possibly get it past his lips. “I didn’t want to have to stop,” he said weakly instead.
“Good,” John smiled at him, but not even that loving smile could calm the nervous roiling in Sherlock’s stomach. “We also need to talk about what it was that you found so overwhelming so that we can avoid it. But we can do that in the morning, you look done in.”
Sherlock’s mind goes blank, momentarily unable to comprehend this. He knows about butt plugs, he’s not
come now, you’re so good, let me feel you come now,” Robert urges him, pushing his forward a tiny degree harder, and Sherlock does. Like everything that came before, his orgasm is a slowly rising tide rather than a crashing wave, filling his entire body as it clenches around Robert, arching and quivering. It’s less intense that what he’s used to but longer and deeper, and when it finally ebbs away he sags into the pillows in heavy-limbed satisfaction.
Feeling his heart pounding in his throat, Sherlock reaches for the bedside lamp and flicks it off, turning John into a dark shadow against the light coming in from the kitchen.
“And - I don’t want to take off my shirt.” He’d rather not have to explain the scars on his back, and they are hardly a turn-on. This request seems to give Florian pause, but then he just shrugs.
“I think I’ll take this off,” John whispered and pushed the dressing gown off Sherlock’s shoulders. There was an undignified moment as Sherlock got a bit tangled in it, but then the dressing gown was off and John was pulling him close again, naked chest to naked chest.
could he have been so thoughtless? This should never have happened, he should never have forced John to witness this. After all the effort Sherlock made to eliminate everything that could make John uncomfortable, now he’s gone and ruined it all, saying “Look, John, you’re with a man!” in the crudest way possible.
He stopped and stood in the middle of the living room, breathing heavily. Sherlock was too shocked by the outburst to do anything but stare.
John shakes his head like he doesn’t believe it, but he doesn’t say anything. Instead he lifts his hand and cups Sherlock’s cheek, soft, tender, the kind of touch Sherlock had never dared to hope for from John. He leans his face into John’s palm but doesn’t break eye contact, because he can see his own feelings mirrored in John’s eyes, and he knows, knows with a bone-deep certainty, that this can’t be faked. John means it. John… is his.
“Why do you live like this? Alone? You’ve lived in this house since your divorce, but there’s no evidence anyone has ever lived here with you.” He can’t imagine that Robert would have a hard time finding a partner – if Sherlock’s heart were not unavailable, he would be sorely tempted.
Sherlock gives a short, bitter laugh at that, and then remains quiet for long seconds, perhaps a minute. John thinks that it may be the only reply he’s going to get, and that would make sense, since for Sherlock to talk to him about something like that is actually worryingly out of character, but then Sherlock speaks.
“No,” Sherlock says with a bad imitation of his usual self-assurance, and places his phone on the small table next to his chair. He’s always a little shy at the beginning, a little spooked by the way his body reacts when it’s high-jacked by want, but John knows his reserve won’t last very long.
just because John… got a little angry with him? He got a bit hurt so now he needs a holiday? Preposterous.
Sherlock looks at the tickets and back at John, confused. But why would John do this? They don’t give each other random gifts. Is it also meant as a thank you for taking care of Rosie? Surely he must know that isn’t necessary. Doesn’t he know that?
Sherlock sits down at the table, where there is already a cup of tea waiting for him. John hardly ever bothers to make a full breakfast, even though he really likes it, but he’s making it now, and he’s smiling.
Sometimes when he’s alone in his bedroom with just his hand and his small but choice collection of toys, he imagines himself with a man who uses him and cherishes him at the same time, who claims him as his own but simultaneously makes him feel safe and loved. His partner in these fantasies is no one specific, just a blurry shape with kind eyes and firm hands and a big hard cock, but somehow by the time Sherlock comes all over his chest, the faceless man has invariably morphed into John. It makes Sherlock a bit ashamed and angry at himself that despite everything, he still really only wants John, but there’s no point denying obvious facts.
Less than an hour later, he stares at the front door of Sam and Patrick’s house and feels like an idiot. What on earth is he
In practice, the fact that having sex with John unequivocally meant lying down letting himself be penetrated by the largest penis he had ever seen made him feel dangerously close to panicking. But he would do it. It was what John wanted – that John wanted Sherlock at all was a miracle; letting him choose how he would have him was the least Sherlock could do. And, Sherlock supposed, at least this way his inexperience wouldn’t matter so much – some skill was surely necessary when pleasuring one’s partner orally or manually, but this way? It should be enough to let John have his way with him.
“Just let me get this off,” John said and gently pushed Sherlock off his lap. Sherlock crawled onto the bed and watched as John stripped. John was so good-looking; Sherlock felt an odd mixture of desire and embarrassment as he watched the movement of John’s abdominal muscles as he pulled his jumper over his head. Faced with John’s perfection and self-assurance, Sherlock felt even more self-conscious, and he was uncomfortably aware of the fact that his dressing gown had come undone during his previous shameful display and was now gaping open. He resisted the need to tie it securely closed again. Now was not the time for his ridiculous hang-ups. He was here so John could…
His first meeting with his therapist is the following day. He doesn’t really believe some idiot with a psychology degree can help him, that
“I want to do that,” Sherlock said. “I want to use my hands on you. I, um. I enjoyed doing it yesterday.” For god’s sake, was he ever going start talking like an adult? Just say
“I love you,” Sherlock said, so full of the feeling he felt like it was spilling out of his every pore. “I love you.”
Sherlock moans at John’s words as even more blood rushes between his legs. John kisses down his throat and chest, teasing his nipples with his mouth and fingers, he nuzzles his belly and laps his tongue around Sherlock’s navel, and Sherlock can only gasp and moan in breathless anticipation as John’s mouth moves lower, kisses his inner thigh, laps at the crease of his leg and groin and then – oh,
He relieves his bladder and splashes water over his face to wake up properly, and only then does he notice that the water from the bath has been drained and the floor is dry. Which means that John must have done it.
“Oh, you are, love, you’re amazing,” John sighed, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s back. “You feel incredible.”
They climb the seventeen steps in silence. Sherlock thinks about the first time he brought John here. How excited he was, how eager, even then, to please John, make him like him, make him stay. Everything was so much simpler then. So much less pain and heartbreak.
John drops little kisses to Sherlock’s back, which is so surprising and Sherlock likes it so much that he doesn’t immediately notice John stroking himself to full hardness.
“Turn around,” John commands, his voice as hard as steel. Sherlock catches his eye, and just like that, he understands. John’s pupils are blown wide, but there’s no desire in them, just rage and hatred. Sherlock knows that look. His kitchen might as well be a mortuary.
. John groans loudly, and then they’re moving together, their hands stroking in unison, sighing into each other’s mouth, wrapped up in exquisite pleasure that’s theirs, shared, and they’re together.
What can Sherlock do about it? For option one, he supposes it would be relatively easy – he could indicate to John that he is ready, and/or wait until John feels he’s given him enough time. Option two would be more difficult. He doesn’t think John would like it if Sherlock actually slept with other people first in order to gain more experience, but he could inform John about the kind of research he’s made and perhaps ask John about his preferences so as to find out which areas he should focus on. Theoretical knowledge certainly wouldn’t trump practical experience, but surely John would find it better than nothing. In addition, Sherlock could indicate that he would be happy to follow whatever instructions John gave him – that should contribute towards John’s enjoyment somewhat. Sherlock doesn’t imagine he’ll excel at sex (not straight away, in any case), but his body would be John’s to do with as he pleases, and he’s a quick learner. Surely that must count for something.
” Sherlock moans. It’s unclear whether it’s the answer to John’s question or just a mindless vocalisation of Sherlock’s enjoyment, but it doesn’t matter. John rubs one nipple and then the other as Sherlock writhes and arches in his arms, and then he lets his other hand dip between Sherlock’s legs, cupping his sac in his palm.
“They still do, sometimes,” Irene says lightly. “But it’s true I’ve mostly moved to the management side of things now.”
“Come for me, love,” he grits between his teeth, and that’s all it takes. Sherlock is quiet this time, letting out only a sharp gasp as his body goes rigid, his cock not producing much as it twitches between them. John pounds into him two more times and finally reaches his own climax, spending himself inside Sherlock’s trembling body.
When John settles between Sherlock’s spread legs and their erection slot next to each other, it’s perfection. They gasp into each other’s mouths as they begin moving in a delicious rhythm. John was right when he said it’s different when it’s with someone you love – this is simple friction, but with John, it feels like magic.
“Let’s lie down, hmm?” John whispered. He guided Sherlock to lie on his back and climbed over him, his knees on either side of Sherlock’s hips, but he kept his body well above Sherlock’s, giving him space. Sherlock let his mouth open under John’s, wanting more of him. As John was supporting his weight on his forearms, he couldn’t be touching Sherlock, and Sherlock found out that he still relied on John’s cues to determine what touches were suitable, and when John wasn’t touching him, he had no lead to follow. He put his hands on John’s waist tentatively.
“I know, love,” John whispers to him. “I know. I love you.” He kisses the top of Sherlock’s head and rocks him gently, and Sherlock would never have imagined it possible to feel so completely at peace while crying.
But he doesn’t need John to speak to realise that his hopes were once again unfounded, it’s all clearly written over Johns glowering features.
John shakes his head.“How could I, Sherlock, after what I did to you? How would that sound? A declaration of love after I behaved like an utter
Sherlock doesn’t want to be fucked, he wants to be made love to, gently, carefully. And yet, John knows that he could get away with all those things he imagined, and more. He could wake Sherlock up right now and have his way with him, and Sherlock would let him, just like he let him beat the living daylights out of him in Culverton Smith’s hospital.
It never ended like that in Sherlock’s treacherous fantasies – there were sleepy kisses, and warm bodies close together, and soft whispered words. Not this.
“Thank you,” he says. He wants to do something, anything, to make sure this random stranger likes him. “Your English is very good,” he says helplessly, the first things that comes to his mind.
Sherlock looks at him and then at Patrick, who’s sat down next to Sherlock, looking at him with an earnest expression.
He feels his cheeks heat and he looks away from Terry’s face in embarrassment, but not before he sees a brief flash of disappointment flicker over his features.
“I am not disputing that,” Sherlock says very calmly. “If fact, it’s precisely the reason. I couldn’t possibly ask this of someone who wasn’t getting paid for it.”
is what he is supposed to do. Taking care of his daughter. His duty is to her. She is his primary responsibility, not… anyone else. He can’t just leave her with other people all the time, just to spend time with an adult man who should be capable of taking care of himself.
Sherlock makes a desperate keening sound, because he’s had John in his mouth and in his arse and it was all he’d ever wanted, but he really does need to come now, his cock feels ready to burst, and he wishes John would tell him to touch himself and get himself off, but no. He does something better.
When Sherlock first realised he’d developed feelings of attraction Robert, he wasn’t quite sure what to do about it.  He knew that Robert had an ex-wife and a daughter, but his general interest in men was obvious – a straight man, no matter how open-minded, was unlikely to have half his bookshelf full of romance novels with gay male protagonists. But this wasn’t a gay bar, and Robert’s availability and interest in him was far from being as obvious as Florian’s had been. Sherlock could well be mistaken. Robert certainly looked at him in a particular way, but he made no move, and this wasn’t Sherlock’s area.
“Start again, then,” Sherlock says, more gently now. He doesn’t want to make things unnecessarily difficult for John, but he also sees no need to make them easy.
“No,” Sherlock said. He didn’t have any strength to move, and he certainly wasn’t letting John go anywhere.
And who is he even trying to kid? It has to be him. It’s his job. Whatever Sherlock’s… feelings for him may be, John’s supposed to be his best friend. Best friends don’t leave each other alone when they’re heartbroken and miserable. (Sherlock didn’t, did he? He was there for John even when his face still bore the marks of John’s fists.) John doesn’t
“Now I certainly wish I hadn’t,” John sighs and stands up again, facing Sherlock. “I know I said that, but Sherlock, the last time was years ago and I—I love you.”
, John’s hand stroking the rest of him at a perfect complementary rhythm. Sherlock can do nothing but writhe and whine - he’s aware he’s making quite a lot of noise but he can’t stop, it feels so good. His hands grip the sheets tightly and his spine arches, feeling his orgasm beginning to coalesce.
One stop at the nurses station tells John that most of the staff confirm what William said: they refuse to go into Will’s room anymore with chipped ice or the like. Only Sister Katherine does so willingly, and she is far crankier than Will. She just sasses back and Will respects it. John does his rounds quickly when he sees Greg leaving Will’s room with his eye twitching.
“It depends what your definition of power is,” Mycroft says. “Businesses and property has changed into the hands of a select few. Your freedom is an illusion. Sometimes power rests on a grander plane of reality.”
He’s actually sad to leave. They discussed staying another day, but instead, they promised Mummy they’d be back for New Years. He’d learned much more about himself here. More than he’d expected.
"I should have known as soon as I saw that helicopter who was behind this. And you, Sherlock. Why would you do any sort of favour for your brother?"
John’s ahead of him and gets both hands up inside Sherlock’s scrubs. They stick to his sides and the small of his back, but John helps with the bottoms, slipping his warm doctor hands inside, then Sherlock helps John with his trousers. Why must John change at work? Scrubs are so much easier to sluff off.
“It’s regarding an inept secretary who can’t fill appointments properly into a simple spreadsheet. I have a two o’clock interview with Mr. Crenshaw. It was confirmed this morning by Hollace Abrum.”
“It is advantageous that I have— at least up to the last few minutes—  CCTV footage of you the night before you disappeared, Sherlock. I would like you to watch it. You may observe something we did not detect.”
“About that,” John says. It’s obvious John’s about to wave another carrot on a stick. William wonders how else John will surprise him. “Since I’m a doctor, well
“I didn’t say there was no compromise! There are many members of his department who are taking bribes and favors.”
Sherlock's hand returns to where it left off on the beach. John's cock leaps in excitement at the attention, and Sherlock's hand jerks away, but John clamps his hand over Sherlock's.
"How convenient. What else do you have? Take away? And we're here why? Because Mary was going to kill me?" John spits out.
“Prisons are made from more than bars. I want to be able to come and go as I wish. No secluded places either.”
He hugged his dog tightly before finally setting him down. Redbeard limped but followed. Mycroft said he had something stuck in his paw. Redbeard recovered, but Sherlock never forgot. He made a point of training Redbeard. With one word, "stay," Redbeard remained safe and close. Always.
"Your brother has tried to protect your whereabouts, but it seems there's been a leak. Your brother needs more time to come up with a convincing cover for the untimely death of Mr. Magnuessen. It's very delicate work manipulating the media." She swats a mosquito off of her arm.
“No, I deduced it. I know you were there. You hit me, didn't you? But the rest you witnessed today, of course was an act. A stellar performance. I could win, what did they used to call it? The academy award?”
Molly didn’t realize that Sherlock did enjoy eating—he'd just forget to do it when he was off on one of his jaunts. At least that’s what John assumed until now, which brought him back to Moriarty's comments about Sherlock and cocaine.
. What an apt choice of words.” Will points to his clothes laid out on a table near them. “It was not one of convenience although it’s meant to look as if it is. A woman, needs an escort home. A man willing to help. They leave together unnoticed. She slips the drug into his glove. Most likely a vial on her person. Says, ‘oh, but you dropped your glove.’ He puts it on. She know exactly where to walk, she’s planned it. She waits. She has him.”
“He said sudden death from past drug use. His heart gave out. He said, 'Studies indicate that past abusers and addicts often experience sudden death even if when no evidence of drugs remain in their system. The stress from past use makes the person susceptible.'” Molly's baritone imitation of Will is fairly terrible, but still draws a smile from John.
“Yes. I would like a hot beef sandwich with extra gravy to pick up in an hour,” Sherlock said, still disguising his voice.
Sherlock stuck his head out the other side and motioned to me. "Come, John. It'll be much warmer in here with me."
Although my eyes aren’t open, I know he did as I asked. I am not in hospital. The kind doctor cools my forehead with a flannel. I can think. I slowly open my eyes.
When he burst into the dorm room and set the bag on the chair next to the bed with a flourish, John didn't make eye contact at all. Instead, he sat on his bed, legs crossed, his eyes fixed on his biology book. Sherlock walked around next the bed to get his attention, but John continued to read—or seemed to read.
. As is Professor Doyle and fifty-six million others who live in the United Kingdom. I fail to see how that's relevant," Sherlock said. "It is, however, most unusual that he of all people should run into to you."
I’ve found that John’s moral compass has become a part of me. I walk away from Vivian Norbury and go home.
When the man appeared, John followed with caution. Despite the suspect’s odd appearance, John judged him a dangerous man. John’s uncanny skill at detecting threats while remaining undetected is unmatched. Camouflage is John’s mien. His oatmeal sweaters and checkered shirts make him invisible to most. He seems a common man, but hidden beneath those clothes resides the sage healer, the compassionate captain, and the unrelenting warrior.
He’s cautious. He tacitly moves through Cardiff’s streets. He avoids attention. His years as a soldier, moving stealthily from building to building come back to him. He’s at Sherlock’s old bolt hole and makes his way inside, up the stairs and to the closest entrance to his attic. He knocks and calls out in a low voice. No answer. At first. Then he hears a scratching and clawing. He calls again and another scratch returns. It’s not locked. He pushes the trapdoor open. A meow? Sherlock has as cat? But that also means...John’s eye catches a movement on the cushion in the corner.
He did love the red and white gingham tablecloths with the yellow chickens embroidered on them and the barking dog napkin holders (the teeth were very realistic). Martha had taken to Sherlock from the very start. Sherlock liked her spirit and her no-nonsense attitude. It didn't matter how big or how dirty or how dumb the trucker was, with one wilting stare, they all cowered to Martha's will.
As he entered the lobby, he was thankful that Stephanie wasn’t working. She was cute, but not his type. Instead, someone else was there—minimal make-up, short blonde hair, no-nonsense blue eyes and a pert mouth. John introduced himself, and her eyes lit up as she immediately held out her hand. His hands were cold, but it didn’t put her off in the least. He immediately felt a tingle of attraction in the heat of her touch.
Mycroft looks at him and scratches the back of his neck. “Yes. Is that a cat?” Mycroft asks, nodding the ball of black fur in Sherlock’s arms.
The need to eat is literal and metaphorical for John. He needs sustenance; John must feed his transport along with his mind like any BAMF. If he doesn’t, he pays. Hence literally he needs to go home and eat dinner, but he’s also turning toward his metaphoric nourishment: home and blog.
The lights from the building no longer reached him. No moon tonight. It was dark, utterly pitch-black. The blood in his ears thumped madly as he cautiously stepped deeper into the darkness. This is what he wanted. Excitement. A thick cluster of elderberry bushes and evergreens. Oak and maple trees. A lot of dark things to hid behind.
It was the choice of an instant to jump down next to John on his bunk. Sherlock wasn't sure what he was doing. For someone who prided himself on thinking through his every move, he was surprised at himself for following his heart.
John would say. But following the hodge-podge of back country roads, it was over three times the distance.
"You don't know our Molly Hooper." He studies my face carefully. "I am more concerned with finding someone to reattach it. She doesn’t have the talents needed to do that. I can do the operation and link it directly to the nervous system. It will still move like a natural appendage, taking electrical pulses from the nerves to power and regulate the various electric motors and pneumatic actuators inside. But, your body will still reject it without a partial-blood seal.”
"It's called Michigan, the Great Lakes State—advertised as such on every license plate on every vehicle in this state. And I did no such thing! He followed me."
She nodded. “I think your roommate hurt you in some way. The professor implied that it had to do with trust. My guess is that you thought he was your friend and he took advantage of your friendship. That’s hard to forgive.”
“I’d no need for a gun. I’d rather use my wits, and I’m not sure of my skills in its use, which leads me to believe I am not skilled. You, on the other hand, are an excellent marksman. I doubt I’ll be needing to improve anytime soon as long as you are with me.”
Which makes Sherlock determined to make his captain climax. His hips hitch as his cock rocks into John’s arse.
John pushed open the bathroom door and walked Sherlock over to the sink. He turned on the tap and ran the cool water over Sherlock’s palm. He removed it for a moment and inspected the burn, then returned it under the faucet.
When he swims back to shore, he doesn't immediately see the large stingray in the shallow water. At first he's startled, but he's read that they don't attack people and remains calm as he swims in an arc to avoid it. Instead of fleeing, the stingray rushes toward him and flicks its tail manically at John. John recalls in horror the bloodied water from the stingray's attack on the shark.
The note is most worrying. Everything in him believes Sophy Kratides wouldn’t harm John Watson. If she did, Sherlock would never help her. In fact, Sherlock would come for her. His mobile beeps. John. He can’t come down to the morgue. He has too many patients waiting. At least he’s safe. For now.
He hated to disappoint her, but she'd find out soon enough. Molly waved a half-hearted goodbye as she climbed the steps of the Chem building, and John continued on his way back to his dorm. On his way he pulled out the
"Look... I've heard all the fucking messages your brother has left for you. You need to tell me straight out why this associate professor has you so tied up in knots that you're willing to ask a favor from the brother who you've been trying to avoid for months."
From there depending on how John responds to the initial kiss, getting John into bed might follow any one of three — no, four — sequences. However it might happen, getting John into bed is key: John is, Will concludes from the photographs, that John is a romantic and a bit of a traditionalist: sexual activity in bed is going to have a greater emotional weight than elsewhere in the flat. Also, bed will allow more flexibility in positioning depending on how dominant John wants to be during sex. Will imagines it's possible John, the caretaker, will reveal a desire to be taken care of: to have his lover to take initiative, dip gentle fingers beneath the waistband of his pants and palm his cock as if it was something treasured.
She’s set it up so well, too. But he’s done better, or so he hopes. He knew she’d never miss the opportunity gloat over besting Sherlock Holmes.
“You are delusional,” Mycroft says to Sophy. “You are no more my sister than my assistant Anthea is. But I do know you.”
Sherlock waited three hours for John to return. When he didn’t, he decided he couldn’t pace the floor any longer. Smoking that joint hadn’t helped in the least, and his mind palace had completely refused to let him open its doors.
Sophy is beside herself with glee and motions to her men, but some of them have already scrambled for the doors.
"Thanks, Molls. I should have trusted you. His name's William Hawkins, by the way. I got that out of him, at least. When's Lestrade coming by? I ordered morphine for Mr. Hawkins, and I think he's getting some needed sleep. Pointless to question him if he's under."
The initial message John writes is easy to read through the glass of the bottle. The words are printed neatly with the nub of a pencil he'd found:
"In that case..." I grabbed the front of his Belstaff with my other hand and pulled his lips down to mine. They tasted like tea and like hope.
John divides the eggs on the three plates and sets the toast on the table. He pulls up his chair between them.
He sits in the shade of a palm and watches what Sherlock refers to as "complex ecosystems" and wonders about her motives from the beginning. Was she as surprised as he that Sherlock was alive or had she been waiting for him to reappear? What was her interest in John? Was he just a way for her to get to Sherlock? Compliment him, spend time with the poor grieving sap. Bide her time, wait for Sherlock to come to her so she could put a bullet through his heart? But only after the wedding. She needed her wedding planner, of course.
“I remember her,” he says in a hushed voice, “but nothing of that night. What happened in that fire or what happened to her after.”
The room is in a sudden chaos. Where is John? He needs to know. It’s selfish to say it when it’s too late, but he can’t let what he feels die even if he must.
Moriarty stood up and shook his head slowly and gave a pitiful sigh. "Oh, dear. I am so, so sorry," James said. He set the pen back on the desk next to John’s hand.
“Short handed or not, why would anyone offer a job to a person off the street?” Will asks, honestly perplexed.
said someone behind me. My head jerked up. I could swear it was John’s voice. My eyes caught the reflection in the polished gravestone. I wasn’t alone. John stood behind me, looking back.
Sherlock is trying to tell him. He really is. He doesn’t want to die. There were many times in his life when didn’t care if he died. He cares now. He has something, someone, to live for.
He’s down the hall and to Sophy’s room. He tries the knob, and unlike his mind mansion, this door is unlocked. The guard has earbuds in, a connection to Sophy, but not at the moment. He’s listening to music on this cell. When Sherlock opens the door, it groans a bit. He’s definitely not 007!  Sherlock’s head jerks up to check the guard, certain the guard has heard, yet the guard doesn’t seem to notice.
Sherlock on the other hand, doesn’t know how much sex he’s had. If any. He knows he never had sex as a teen. Although he doesn’t want to believe he’s still a virgin, he doesn’t recall having sex. Ever. He supposes it’s possible he’s gone on all these years without but not probable. It’s something he could ask Mycroft— don’t brothers exchange sexual exploits? But he can’t imagine Mycroft ever having sex. Mycroft certainly acts as if he has no interest in it.
There are moments where I can pack the pain into a box and wrap it tight, but the pain that's spread throughout my body oozes out from between the wrapped folds. I find no peace in my mind palace. The pain follows me. It's odd but the only moments when I feel it abate is when I hear the bump and drag of the doctor with his cane as he comes to check on me.
“It’s a metaphor. Someone betrayed us or I betrayed someone. Why else would I dream about a mutiny?”
"No, John! You must quit this job! I can't have you doing this. Moran is what you call a sharpshooter. He is an expert marksman trained by the British secret service. "
He hadn't realized it at the time, but his dad had made a decent living during those years. And despite the demands of his job, his dad had seemed happy then. His blue eyes sparkled with accomplishment; his body was muscled and lean from long hours of exertion. John bragged to his friends about how his dad could lift his mum up off the floor and twirl her around like she was made of feathers.
Moran snarled, but obeyed and awkwardly patted the top of Sherlock’s head, while his other hand nudged his gun so the muzzle scraped the back of his skull.
reveal to Greg. Of course Greg asks him about any returning memories regarding Mycroft or Pandora— something John is certain Greg has asked Sherlock a number of times already. Sherlock is not forthcoming.
All the evidence before me (and behind) led me to believe that he was the one who was delirious. Mutual hand jobs inside a walk-in freezer for warmth? Yet he was clearly in full possession of his bizarre but clever brains. This was planned.
Sherlock slows so that John can keep up, and they halt at the end of the airstrip to stare out at the bright marine blue. In the distance, the whale continues to splash and dive.
For a moment he thought she was going to come out and ask if Sherlock was gay. It wasn't his place to tell her that Sherlock wasn't into girls. And the available part? Best to be noncommittal.
. How could you read it? it’s so faint. And a mirror image…how could you even...” John blinks tears back. He clears his throat and steps back as if to distance himself from the pain.
“I think we can safely say there’s no bugs in this room,” John says, shoving the magazine back under the mattress.
"Ouch!" he says, but his face flushes. "We also already have a drawer full of sex toys." Sherlock waves him off. "I'd rather eat this ice cream."
“He was found on the floor of his office. I read the report too,” Molly says. “But look at his face. Without a doubt, strangulation was the cause of death.”
“I won’t let you.” It’s John. John heard him. The room is one large black hole, and he’s falling into it. It may be too late. Too late.
From the dock he can see farther up on shore. There's a small bungalow on some higher ground too not far from his ketch. He knows rot all about sailing, but he knows enough to recognise that the outboard hanging on the taffrail has been disabled. He also reads the name of the boat from a life ring mounted next to it:
"I'm not at liberty to say, Detective Lestrade, unless you've subpoenaed his medical records. So is Hawkins a suspect? Do I have a murderer in my hospital?"
“Of course!” He smiles rakishly at John, then jerks his head to follow him up the fire escape, long arms and legs climbing. John climbs up behind, rung by rung.
John stood outside and pressed his ear to the door. No sound. He gave three quick raps to let Sherlock know he was back. Still no peep. John quietly unlocked the door expecting Sherlock to be napping, but no Sherlock.
John ticks away the seconds and minutes in his head, but the real Sherlock doesn’t enter. Blackbeard jumps off the bed. John hears him purr and preen on the floor.
After they’ve finished the autopsy, Molly takes a break, and Sherlock takes a seat on one of the stainless steel autopsy tables. He’s having a smoke when another body is wheeled in. Molly is still on break.
The rest of the way to 221b, John continues his observations on nothing and everything. By the time they’ve reached the threshold, Sherlock’s stomach flutters, his pulse quickens, his heart thrums. Each stair takes him one step closer to the possibilities he imagines. John climbs in front of him. So close.
It take a second longer than normal to realize she’s referring to John. The headache is slowing him down. It’s a bit not good, as John would say. He reaches in his pocket for his meds, but they’re not there. His cell buzzes again. It’s Helena wondering where he is.
But that was not what was happening. Sherlock removed the warmth of his arms and coat from around me. Instead, he got on his hands and knees and shimmied inside the box. That was the second time today I'd seen his arse in the air.
“He’s bluffing. Shoot him.” Sherlock’s tone was bored, and he gave a long sigh. This was in high contrast to his eyes: the cabin light from the fire melded the green and gold melded together, making his eyes glow with excitement.
Sherlock nodded. He'd read the first two himself when he was younger, but it was him mum who had read Laura Engles stories to him.
His mom would laugh at them as she weeded and tended to her garden. She'd always planted tomatoes, cucumbers, beans, and lettuce in the back. In the front yard, every spring, his mom planted petunias, marigolds, and other bright flowers. Even before John knew what the flowers were called, he still loved to watch them grow and bloom. And then he looked forward to fall, when he and Harry would help his mom can tomatoes and rake leaves.
“That couldn’t be helped.” Every time Sherlock bumped the cord, the phone crackled and cut in and out.
The same went with his grandfather's dog tags, the unintentional souvenir from that fateful night—John lost them. He didn't realize it until he was home, getting into bed. He went there the next day. He walked where they'd been. Stepped on the same leaves. He looked and looked but couldn't find them.
He sees himself stop and observe the ground. Looking for footprints or tire tracks? No. An object that’s been dragged. He sees the marks. Or does a part of him recall this? A body. No, something larger. Bulkier on some sort of pallet.
“I didn’t think you do it!” she says ecstatically. “Forget Cardiff! We will rule the world together you and I!”
, was originally produced and starred Allen Funt. The show was the first of the hidden camera pranks prevalent on television today. The original show concealed cameras and filmed everyday people in unusual situations, often with a gimmicky trick or props. When revealed, the victims were told the show's catchphrase, "Smile, you're on Candid Camera." The show often played its hidden-camera pranks on celebrities, which made for more entertainment.
Over the years, her mind has been mapped, her behavior scrutinized, and her intelligence exploited. Yet they still do not understand her.
I leave Lestrade as I text John. He still hasn’t been able to reach Sandra. I walk along the leaf-covered street as I call for a cab. It has begun to rain. No park today, I think.
John strains to hear more, but Greg and Sherlock step farther away. Greg voice raises a few times—  something about “close calls” and “stupid choices” when Mycroft clears his throat. He’s standing next to John and lingers near as the paramedic rechecks John’s blood pressure. How did he miss Mycroft? He’s like a damn stealth cat. Even as Mycroft squints down, John feels a bit like Mycroft’s prey.
"Then why was he there a full two months before you arrived for the summer session? I fail to see your connection with this."
Shame answered. He smiled at that. Yes, there was a bit of Shame that egged him on. It's fun to be naughty.
“You still don’t get it,” John says. “You couldn’t save us, and I don’t agree with your diagnosis. Head trauma may have set your memory loss in motion, but it was dissociative. Having the responsibility of the world on your shoulders was the cause. I’m certain. I’ve said it all along.”
I scream. “Please, no!” It’s the same long and loud and pitiful cry I made during the botched transmutation when Alphons and I tried to bring back our mother. Like that day, there is no answer to my screams. No one cares, no one hears.
After learning that little tidbit of information about the rest stop, John's head always swung the other way, to east side of the highway, as the family drove past that particular rest stop. He was afraid that what he was was written on his face. That his dad only needed to look at him to find out. Like the arrow pointing the way to Rest Area 818,
"Anything for you, John." He unscrews the top then hands John a bottle of water before rummaging around in a med kit to find some tablets. He rips the foil open with his teeth and hands them both to John. Sherlock watches him as he's taking them as if he has never seen anyone take meds in his life.
The doctor moves my arm, and pain radiates from my shoulder and through my back and chest. I clamp my eyes shut. He shakes his head.
Sherlock had ruined the evening with Mary. After the whole farce in the theater, asking John to come up for a cup of coffee became almost moot. He told her he had to get back to the dorm.
Sherlock adjusts the pillow under John's arse, winks at John and takes an open-mouthed taste of John's aching cock. Once done, he sits back, tipping his head to the side.
“Alrigh’, heard you and Sherlock were here. Lt. Lestrade filled me in on some of it. Is everything tidy?” she says.
He boils water. Opens a few cans of surprise dinner: "pêches" and "haricots blancs/ sauce tomate." He hopes that means something like fish to go with the pasta in tomato sauce. Nope. Tonight it's peaches and beans.
When Sherlock wakes, he’s first up and able to admire John close with a level mind. He’s on his stomach, arm under his head, face turned toward Sherlock. His back dips into two nice-round arse cheeks with cute dimples. He chokes back a laugh. He never would have imagined two years ago that he would ever admire a man’s dimples on his arse. John’s eyes flutter open at his suppressed laughter.
“I told you it was tricky,” he heard Mary saying. “I had to be careful counteracting the drug to revive him.”
She walks with him as he leaves the market through the thinning crowd. "I'm glad I caught you—  I did want to ask you something."
I dress and come out of my room. No need to put it off. I take out the cleaning supplies that Mrs. Hudson had set aside for me.
He and Mycroft and their father searched and searched and searched. Sherlock's throat ached but he kept on calling. He blamed himself for not taking proper precautions. He should have had Redbeard on his leash. He shouldn't have become distracted. His greatest fear was that Redbeard had fallen off the cliff near the lighthouse, into the ocean to drown.
finish searching it. I have a half hour before Mike picks me up. If Mycroft is stopping by, maybe I will tell Mike not to bother. I can go in later. It’s not like it will cost Mike anything. Beca’s been giving him money for petrol since he’s been using it to cart patients around.”
“Oh, and you think the street is a better? Are you coming back to your room quietly or do I need to call an orderly?”
“Not long ago I considered myself married to my work,” Sherlock says, closing his eyes. “I said many disparaging things about relationships. But now…” His face feels hot, but his heart rate is slowing, and he can breath. He’s still a bit dizzy, but he’s not going to lose consciousness. He thinks he can live with a bit of blushing.
been using sunscreen. Not very effective. The burn is painful, but not nearly as irritating as these mosquito bites." He begins to scratch them at the reminder.
"The veins on your forehead are throbbing, and you grimaced at master baker Marianna Vaki's suggestions for the cake," Sherlock insisted. "Go to the corner Starbuck's for coffee while I assist Mary at her dress fitting."
"I'm a pretty good shot myself, and good in a fight. I'm not an expert marksman, but frankly Sherlock, from what you've told me, that means it's not going to matter how far away I am from them. In fact, there's a reason for the expression 'keep your friends close, and your enemies closer."
"But that doesn't explain why she shut the door. We were right in front of her when she shut the door!" I could hear myself getting shouty. I didn't care.
He walks just a few feet before the world begins to spin. Sherlock is there to steady him. Sherlock would have made a damned good nurse. He lets John lean on him as they walk down the dock and onto the ketch. The boards creak beneath their feet but John's not so worried he'll fall through anymore. John wonders how many have used it. What were their lives like? He thinks of the novel and the couple who were murdered. They were moored here on this very lagoon.
Life is about taking chances. How much more dangerous could it be than chasing after Sherlock Holmes? It takes him two more days to decide he's going to do it.
John wondered what that was. A bullet in the head? Or locked away without a key? Sherlock must read his thoughts and shakes his head. He removes his hat, wipes the sweat off his brow with his arm, and set it back on.
It’s not a prediction or a warning. It’s Eurus’ observations regarding love—mine specifically. How I’ve kept my true love locked, how it will make me cry again. I understand what she saw. She only understood that I wanted John. She’d seen the lengths I went to save him. Suffer torture, take a shot through the heart. She’d tested the lengths when she put John in a well to drown him like Victor. Eurus didn’t understand love. She observed it in others. She only knew I desperately wanted it.
“Yes, I know that, and I shall explain in due time why I had to fake my death and go into hiding. Until I can sit down with you, I must take you into my confidence and ask a favor of you.”
I think we should talk more about this. My eyes are drawn to the two swans that Rosie is feeding. John notices.
“I knew that. I told you although you said the mother insisted it was not her daughter’s handwriting.”
“About feelings?” Here he lies, half erect yet thinking he’s still verging on heart failure yet John persists on talking about “feelings,” and he’s tell John this if he could speak.
“And the other keys. We’ll find the answers as we go.” John’s fingers cup Sherlock’s face. “Where were we?”
John laughs and questions him again, but it’s more of an inquiry than quiz. “When did you get the cat?”
John plays with him, rolling dice, moving around the board. Will thinks it’s a stupid game. Far too simple, but that’s not the point. He’s interacting with John. He likes that.  At last Will clears his throat. He’s prolonged the boredom enough, “Mr. Green in the Study with the rope.” He slips the cards out and sees he’s correct.
How could he admit this to John without losing his respect and trust? Best to be as vague as possible.
Sherlock head popped over the edge of the bed. In one fluid motion, he flipped off the top bunk and was sitting next to John. Right in John's space. Again.
some psychopathic killer? A Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? He’d remember, wouldn’t he? Or he’d leave some evidence behind. Perhaps he did, he thinks. Perhaps he has hidden things from himself, scraped the incriminating soil off of his shoes, washed the tell-tale hairs off of his clothes.
Even as he hears John say this, Sherlock knows John would never shirk his duties to family or friends.
“One doesn’t have to be his assistant to know he has a mole on his arse. Any whore would know that…”
This does not bode well. It's been John's experience that novice criminals are often the ones most likely to kill you. Accidentally. He expected more from Adler. Who was actually behind all of this?
Molly told him she asked around after that. She found out that Helena’s been talking to other people, telling them that he’s dangerous. A killer.
Not far beyond the reef, the ocean parts and water spurts up into the air. "Is that a...whale?" John gasps.
As the cab rounds the drive to the front of the Holmes estate, John can’t take his eyes off Sherlock’s face. While Sherlock does his best to suppress his smile, it’s not working. His lips keep curling up at the corners and his silver-green eyes sparkle like the white twinkle lights winding through the evergreen garlands surrounding the entrance to their family home.
They lie side-by-side almost tumbling off the couch but hold each other in place. Neither one wants to be the one to let go.
Sherlock bit his tongue. Maybe if John wore one. Truth be told, he’d rather see him out of the uniform.
“Oh, tin man, we both know you do. There it is,” James said, flicking Sherlock’s shirt with his finger, “you’re wearing it on your sleeve.”
John's stomach rumbled. He snatched the bag off the desk and took out his sandwich and unwrapped it. He needed a distraction from watching Sherlock lick his fingers.
He could still see that one morning during his second week of school when his teacher told his mum that there was a problem: Sherlock refused to color inside the lines.
“It’s more of a same-sex union between them. See the two males swans swimming side by side? They’ve bonded for life. Adopted abandoned eggs. Raise those children together.”
"The last intelligence Mycroft received on her, she was living in Belize, then she fell off the map. It's entirely unlikely she would be here."
Two pairs of legs poked through at the top of the snowbank. He knew two of those long legs. As they slid through, he saw that the other pair belonged to Sebastian Moran, and that he had a gun pressed to Sherlock’s temple. Despite it all, Sherlock was rolling his eyes at Moriarty’s cackling from the depths of the blizzard behind him.
were torn apart over Ennis being the top and Jack the bottom argument. In this fandom, most writers may have a preference, but we don't get nasty over it. I am so, so thankful for that. I love this fandom of writers because they are so supportive. Still, a few people will comment about how they "wish" you would write John or Sherlock as a top or bottom. Sorry. I'm not changing it.
John thinks it curious this Will referred to his mind as something he accesses— like he’s a computer. He doesn’t have time to pursue the thought.
“We really do want you to heal,” John reassures him. “We have to call you something. So is it still William?”
John sleeps fitfully slumped down in an old chair next to the bed, which gives him time to observe this man. He’s handsome in an unconventional way. His jaw too long, mouth too large, cheekbones too pronounced. When open, his eyes were ghostly color of green and blue. His lips thick and bowed. Hair a wild mass of curls. His large hands like that of a surgeon with tapered fingers and the long, large palms of a psychic. His feet just as big and toes just as long. He looks alien and beautiful. John makes a lot of guesses watching the man on the bed.
“She’s an alright egg. Usually. But that Hawkins character is a wanker,” Mike says. “But then you’re a right tosser too at times.”
Ahhh, he a connection! It is not his military wound to the shoulder that prevents him from practicing alchemy, but some other trauma prevents him.
He hears John talking then after a time, the door closes. His patient has left. He hears John’s feet softly padding up the stairs.
John nodded. He watched her hand as she swirled her coffee around in her cup. She drank hers with cream.
Sherlock eyes grow wider. There behind his past self on the video in large, white helvetica font painted on the side of the building is “Bocks Pharma.”
Months after she had torn our lives apart, I thought it was possible that I would have my sister back. For weeks we interacted. Our parents visited; I played violin duets with her. I read to her and she to me. We talked. I began to remember so much of what I’d lost. Memories were beginning to return. I had thought deleting unnecessary information was a skill, but it came from a dark place. It seems erasing blocks of my life had begun long ago as a way to protect my mind from the horror of what my own sister had done to me and those I loved.
He doesn’t sound like John. The tone and pitch of his voice aren't the same, yet he’s like him in so many other ways. From inflections in his voice to his mannerisms to his knowledge of our time together—details only John and I would know. But it was what happened six days before Mary shot John that now makes me believe, and the words from John’s own lips that give me hope that this is real.
“Well, that’s just it. Handing him over. The campus boys aren’t going to keep him because he’s stolen from the hospital. The police don’t have an officer to spare to guard him here. So as soon as he looks like he’s not on death’s doorstep they’ll put him in a holding cell with a pack of wolves.” John’s words come out more heated than he intends, thinking of other patients frog-marched out of A&E over doctors’ objections. He grabs the tablet on the floor next to him, stabs at it until he pulls up the MRI images. “What if he hits his head again? Look at these. When he’s healthier, we’ll let them know. Until then, he’s staying here, and we’ll keep an eye on him. It’s not like we don’t have the beds.”
“We’re out of milk. I think I’ll pop down to Tesco and pick up a few things. Eggs for breakfast.” He ignores the rest of his tea and walks over and puts on his coat. “Anything else?”
"I used to love those—I still love the rhyme and meter in them. It's part of where my love for music and fantasy started. My mom read to my sister and me a lot when we kids. I used to beg her to read
Sherlock stares at the door, deep in thought. John looks down at their hands together and gives a squeeze, then softly brushes his thumb across Sherlock’s knuckles.
“Do you know how often he touches you? He hugged you! Twice! He punched you in the arm,” Sherlock says quickly.
Sherlock's hair was blowing around and he looked more like a mad scientist than his usual posh detective look. As tight-lipped as ever, he simply nodded at that and every other question I asked, never actually answering—not that I would have been able to hear much over the roar of the chopper.
He pushed open the double doors to the large lecture hall, trying his best to be invisible. The doors clicked and whooshed. He closed his eyes and hoped no one had noticed. He counted to three before he opened them to find a few heads turned, along with someone's arms and hands waving at him. Thank God the arms belonged to Molly, who was motioning him over to sit down.
"Anything for me?" John says bitterly. "Where'd this bloody bottled water come from? I ran out days ago and have had to boil that mosquito soup from the tank ashore in this fucking heat. What are you talking about, anything for me? What the hell does that even mean to you? And couldn't you at least have left me some sunglasses?"
Even if the trousers fit Sherlock a bit less snug than they once did— a fact his Mum is sure not to miss— he looks devastatingly handsome. Standing side-by-side his friend and lover, John can’t believe how lucky he is.
Through the double doors, even his breath echoes around the large, hollow warehouse. His shoes speak as the footfalls’ echo bounce against the warehouse walls. No surprises, then. A final click reverberates behind then in front of him as the doors announce he’s arrived.
"Time to hike back to the ketch and change those bandages," Sherlock says in that rich baritone that never fails to make John shiver. Sherlock steps over a log and a coconut crab skitters away. His feet sink in the sand, and he extends his hand. John smiles up and takes it, letting Sherlock pull him to his feet.
"Best in London? No, I am the best," I say caustically. "And I am an alchemystic. Never forget that."
Lestrade is talking to a woman, the mother, in the foyer. She’s been sobbing. Her jeans are worn through at the knees, and her auburn hair is tied up in a blue scarf. She has fresh paint under her nails and smells of mineral spirits. Oil not acrylic then. An artist.
He crawls back through the service panel, and manages to avoid security and police crawling all over as he makes his way through the secondary building out to the street. He hears Lestrade and almost steps out to give himself up, but stops himself.
Sherlock strapped the bomb to him? James had been testing him? He should have seen this coming. He should have known. But why go to all this trouble? What purpose did it serve? And that tapping?
I think John reads this jump in my mind. He seems to understand me--as much as anyone possibly could. While I don’t forget his concern for me is that of a doctor for his patient, I can’t help but feel that there’s more.
He reasoned the district held some sort of importance although there seemed nothing of interest or value to Sherlock. When the man with no past memory came into being, the knowledge of landmarks inside his head confounded him. For two years, he spent days when his mind was clear, exploring the places few knew in an effort to spark his memories. From there he’d learned Cardiff’s hidden secrets, but he’d remembered nothing— until John came into his life.
I looked down at Sherlock. His eyes were squeezed tight and he was shaking. I wasn't sure if it was from laying on the cold floor or because he was upset.
First of all, I should say exactly how far I had gotten into trying to catch the thief stealing from the second floor locker room.
“Think what people would do, would pay,” she says. “I’m not a greedy person by nature. I don’t want much.”
Greetings dear readers. Thank you for those who left kind and encouraging comments on the first two chapters.
"The real reason why I'm here." He stops eyes on the horizon. "I'm afraid I may have killed Magnussen."
“Fuck,” John cursed as he freed his own hard cock, trying not to strain to see the image before his eyes. He could close his eyes, but it didn’t matter. There was no mistaking that he was gripping a man’s ass, and he knew what he wanted to do with it.
For those used to my usual regular posts for my works, I apologize. This story is being written chapter by chapter as I publish and is a journey myself and for John and Sherlock. I do have an idea where I’m going with the plot (no worries, the ending will be happy), but how it will all transpire, I don’t. Yet. My writing process is a metaphor of my life. I used to write using “by the seat of my pants” method almost exclusively as a young writer. As I’ve gotten older, I tend to plan, plot out and write the whole story before publishing and just clean up each chapter with my beta as I go.
He's had so much water these last few days he hasn't been thirsty. But now he is more thirsty than he's ever been in his life. These lips, this mouth, that tongue. He must drink them in.
This morning I woke up to Blackbeard with his motor on high, ramming his head into mine. He usually kips in Sherlock’s room, meaning Sherlock didn’t budge when the cat yowled in his bloody ears. When his master didn’t wake, the cat came into mine to roust me. I most probably can get rid of my alarm clock since he’s loud enough to wake Mrs. Hudson in the flat below. Not that I think Mrs. Hudson would mind at all. She’s already bringing Blackbeard tuna on a platter like he’s the King not the bloody pirate he is. Six in the morning is not what I think is a grand time for breakfast. Blackbeard’s just as demanding as his master. Although compared to the other Holmes’ brother, Sherlock is the Mother Teresa of thoughtfulness.
It’s the point of no return. They either go back now and make it to the other side of the causeway, or they stay until the next low tide.
“Do you think I could use your bathroom first?” he asks. The red eyes beneath the mask reveal another reason why they’re watering.
fandom. As a writer, it's much different to have a story plotted out, than to just write and let the characters drive you. While I rarely have an entire story written, I know where I'm going, and for the most part each story has been plotted and over half written before I begin posting. Sure, sometimes a story will take a new turn, but I still go in a plan and plot.
Sherlock's grin turns wicked as he grabs John's other wrist and knots the cord. John notices that he's careful to place his own fingers between the knot and John's wrist so that it won't restrict his circulation. Sherlock secures the other end of the cord to the opposite bedpost. John tugs to test Sherlock's knots.
“Stop! Yes, you’re a wanker at times, but you didn’t let it happen. You had an impossible choice. You say you remember what you were like? I know you, and you’re for shite at interpreting human emotions! Tell me what you did as a consulting detective for Scotland Yard? How many crimes did you solve?”
At least two other people held it. I’ve ruled out Mycroft: Eurus knew he would never want to touch my heart, literally or figuratively. Moriarty? Not his fingerprints, and besides he vowed to burn it out of me, not fold it up. Mary? She knew I had a heart. She aimed at it. As for Mary’s knowledge of Eurus? She must have known about Eurus. Her prints would be easy for me to check, yet I have not. I do not need to do it to know the truth.
The driver looks back at me. His off-the-rack suit is too loose in the shoulders. His dark hair has too much product. His back is rigid, and the knock-off Ray-bans he’s wearing may hide his eyes, but not his toxic attitude. I don’t recall his name, but do remember he was a terrible counterfeiter, and a prime example of a man out of his depth.
I feel it all: the saw gnawing through my flesh, the pain of tendons and muscles snapping back, the angry crush through my bones.
“So that was how it went,” he’d said between sips of tea. “I caught our suspect with his hands around his alibi’s throat.”
"How did you know about me being late?" John asked. "You'd already left this morning when I took off."
“Come back here and pull a chair. It won’t take me long. The breakroom is just down the hall. How do you like it?” she asked.
John sniffs and lies down again. He squints, looking over at Sherlock sitting in a wicker chair not far from bed in the bow.
I peer through the opening into a magnificent cavern. A complex transmutation circle is drawn on the cave floor in blood. High above it an orb of blue fire and ice spins, casting long shadows that dance against the damp walls and floor. Distorted silhouettes of Zosimos of Panopolis, Maria the Jewess, Edward of Elrich, Merlin the Magician flood the cavern. All Omegas of inner power, all omegas who hide from the world as Alphas.
Not a question. Not a question at all. Sherlock shoulders tensed and his jaw clenched. He wanted Mycroft to admit he knew and explain to him why he wasn't told this essential information. Sherlock shot a glance at John on the bed, openly watching Sherlock's reaction. He wasn't an idiot, but he couldn't possible know this was about Moriarty.
He turns off the telly, then goes to bed. Blackbeard follows. He pulls off his jeans and jumper puts on his well-worn sweats and t-shirt. He lies awake staring at the ceiling, thinking how empty it feels without Sherlock. Blackbeard seems to think so too and cuddles up next to his side. He finally falls off, but his mind is waiting, waiting for the door to open. A door that may never open again.
“She’ll be peeved again that you’re seeing people outside of hospital again, John. You know she tells you to make them go to the clinic,” Mike says. “But I understand. I’ll invent some story as always.”
John struggled to save for college, and so did his mom. Even Harry chipped in. But between keeping the electricity on, having clean underwear, and being able to eat lunch, there wasn't much left over.
“Ahh, yes, and which needle is it?” Mycroft says. “The Black Death was a form of natural selection. Beneficial genetic versions persist of the Black Plague. I’m sure you both understand the implications of those statements in contrast to Pandora. Other versions of the Black Plague tend to disappear as those carrying them died.”
“My, my. I love the passion and fire! An honest reaction! But I don’t think that will work. You see my mind is set on a new plaything.”
“The mother is covering for her daughter. She knew about the hidden panel. She kept looking at that point on the wall.”
Later that night, alone in his room, Sherlock spun it all over in his mind. This was a perfect solution for him. He'd never have to know the person he chose. He could get off without any complications, without messy human emotions getting in the way.
Sherlock's hands travel down his bare back, caressing, roaming, exploring. He knows Sherlock well enough to tell he's cataloging every small mole, every tiny scar. It only endears Sherlock to him more. He does the same and slips his hands around Sherlock's waist to pull him closer. Sherlock rests his other hand over John's heart and opens his mouth to deepen the kiss. John's heart races, but it's pounding a steady and strong rhythm beneath Sherlock's hand.
I keep my opinions and thoughts regarding her to myself. I continue to tell myself it is because I am protecting him. I know I’ve made horrendous misjudgments trying to protect him. I took the fall, and my death nearly destroyed him. I deeply regret that decision not to tell him. I will never regret all that I did to stop Moriarty other than I did not tell John. After I met Mary, I protected him from my observations. I knew she wasn’t what she appeared to be. Only after she shot me did I reveal to him, but that was necessary. Even then, John did not know the extent of her deceptions. It would have hurt him too deeply.
Thank you to hotshoeagain for the excellent beta, and pointing out to me that a university student wouldn’t have a Stradivarius.
“Yes.” She’s blushing, then turns around. Sherlock follows behind her to meet John halfway, and sees Molly meet Anthea in the lobby.
I pocket the two pieces of dry toast we didn’t eat from breakfast. I know we shouldn’t feed the ducks, but Rosie loves it.
He waits until later that night. He expected them to lock his door. It is. He also expected them to guard him. They have. He doubts they expect him to climb four stories out the window and come back inside. He does.
Sherlock leans back in the chair, back straight. “I would assume you know exactly who it is. You don’t need me.”
He cracks me hard in the face with the side of the Glock. Blinding pain bursts through my eye socket and cheek. My head flies back—an excellent opportunity to rock the chair and move my feet and legs.
So sorry this chapter is a week late. Thanks for the messages wondering where we are. Nice to know people are waiting for the chapter and can't wait for more!
John smiled. Sherlock wasn't certain how to interpret the smile. But then Sherlock noted a sparkle in his eyes. He bounced on the bed with glee and his smile widened.
No way he'd be making fancy spring break trips like Vic to the Bahamas or Florida or even Europe. He'd have to stay home with Mom, Dad, and Harry, and hit the books. Studying medicine wasn't going to be easy or cheap.
“Look what a mess you’ve made,” Sherlock complains, placing his ice-cream-covered hands on John's hips. “I guess it's down to me to clean you up.”
Sherlock reaches into his pocket for his skeleton key. As he brushes off the top of the chest and blows into the keyhole to clear it, it reminds him of another place, another time, but instead of his brother across from him on his knees, it’s John.
When John comes back down, the tea is made and waiting on the coffee table. I almost make a I’m a Little Teapot joke, but he sits down on the couch and picks up his mobile. Before he takes a sip, he frowns as he reads the text.
John’s eyes fastened on Mary’s pen. Doubt filled him. Sherlock didn’t do this to him, did he? John’s mind wasn’t clear, but he couldn’t believe it. He supposed either way death would happen so fast that he wouldn’t feel much, but he didn’t relish the thought of being blown into tiny bits or getting his brains splattered all over the lockers.
In the hallway he heard voices and music behind the doors. The bathroom was still. Sherlock turned on the shower and stared in the mirror.
"Really? That's all," John said. "I'm sure you got right out of them, what with your being double-jointed and all. I've seen you sitting and doing that yoga right over there on the rug next to the desk. Do you have bones?"
“Without a doubt. First let’s talk about that supposed choice you made. Use that big brain of yours. You didn’t
John also didn't need or want another lecture from Molly on making sure Sherlock got enough sustenance. Until today, he'd walked by the deli almost everyday, but there was always a long line. As John stopped and looked through the window, only three customers waited.
As I untie him, I take time to admire John’s remarkable skills. I really shouldn’t be thinking of all the possibilities at a time like this.
A quick flip through today's files, and John saw that this must be what they had collected of Professor Doyle’s work done at other universities. While it was fascinating, it left him alone in a room, taking notes and writing summaries with no exposure to anyone or any opportunity to ask questions.
“You insisted that I remove it. I believe your exact words were, 'rip it off.' It wouldn’t have mattered ... I had to take it off. You wouldn’t have survived if I’d left it attached."
"I know! Imagine the odds. I mean, having Associate Professor James Moriarty come racing into me like that."
He had been attracted to Jim. In the beginning. Sherlock had admired how James had simply inserted himself into the crime scene the night they met in Stropshire.
"Is she yours?" He can't believe that's the first thing he's asking Sherlock. What does that say about him? That's he's more worried the possibility that Sherlock has a love child with Irene Adler than Mary's threats?
John covers his eyes with his arm, successfully blocking out all light. "Not that again. Why am I not safe? Oh, that's right. It's my hired-assassin fiancée. She's out to do what? Off me?"
John steps out of the car, draws his Sig Sauer, and levels it at the leader, which gets the attention of the two hoodlums on each end, who stop waving their the boards in the air. Will sees the glint of his gun as John waves it a bit. The leader isn’t as impressed and maintains his white-knuckled grip on his iron bar. “Move the car,” and John’s order sounds like a gunshot. The man on the leader’s right lowers his makeshift weapon to the ground.
"There will come a time when you can't ignore it. I may be able to get some of those rare elements."
John kept his face cool, his mind clear. He did what Sherlock instructed him to do  if he came face to face with the man: observe. Moriarty shut the door quietly behind him and pressed his back flat against it. An artificial smile for the poor masses lingered longer than John liked. John curled his lips hoping he looked indifferent.
John looked down. “Sherlock?” He should be panicking, but he felt like a bowl of spaghetti. “He didn’t,” he said.
John sucks his bottom lip in as he leads Sherlock into his room. Sherlock doesn’t expect to find a bug, but given the liberty to peek around with John’s approval, he takes advantage. John is a fascinating study. Always surprising and contradictory. Sherlock really does think his reading material in his bedroom is eclectic: from Tolstoy to Fleming to...what’s this under his mattress? A gay porn magazine?
“Mrs. Hudson suggested that we should take advantage of the Freemans moving out of 221C and use the space for a bedroom and extra bath and maybe a sitting room.”
An exaggerated sigh escapes Sherlock's lips. "We could pretend that we're being held captive on the island against our will and threatened with hideous tortures like watching Mycroft eat multiple ten course meals," Sherlock says. He tiredly takes a large spoonful of double chocolate-caramel ice cream and shovels it into his mouth.
The condom almost fell out of John’s hands in his haste to get it open. Sherlock watched as he rolled it on, his heart picking up speed. It was going to be fine. He wouldn’t fail John this time.
do or don’t deserve is irrelevant. The point is that no one,” something hitches in his breath and his voice goes even quieter than before, “
? Instead, they sit together in the shade in the garden, watching the beehives and drinking Robert’s homemade cider in companionable silence, and that’s nice too.
The pleasure feels like honey, flowing slow and thick and golden. Sherlock’s cock is flush against his belly and oozing precome but he feels no sense of urgency, no need to chasae his release. He could stay like this for hours, just lie here and let Robert kiss all over his mouth and face and neck and chest while he slides the toy in and out of Sherlock in a sensual rhythm. And maybe he’ll do that one day, ask Robert to pleasure him slowly and gently just to see how long Sherlock can last. But not today.
“Might be a case,” John points out, clearly hoping that it is, that something will distract them from this conversation, that like so many times before, they’ll somehow be able to sweep things under the rug without ever actually addressing them. Sherlock won’t let that happen, as much as he hates this.
Sherlock shrugs. “It was easier to let you do it. Besides, your cooking’s better,” he adds and attempts a small smile, then winces and ducks his head. Can he still say things like that? Or could anything appreciative he says be misconstrued as a come-on?
“I love it when you get like this, so desperate for me,” John pants as he settles himself on his back and pulls Sherlock between his legs, their erections rubbing against each other.
He still isn’t sure why John brought all this up now, how it is related to what happened earlier. He stirs in the grated cheddar, still acutely aware of John’s presence. He can’t help glancing at him repeatedly as he finishes the sauce. It seems clear that there is something more John wants to say – the way he shuffles his feet, the way he licks his lips, he even takes a deep breath as if about to speak – but in the end, he seems to think better of it and says nothing.  He looks down and nods to himself briefly, as if deciding that keeping quiet will be the best course of action.
“That makes sense,” John said thoughtfully. “I should’ve thought of that, you’re—such a private person. But, look.” John set his own cup down and reached for Sherlock’s hand instead, squeezing it. “If you’re embarrassed about what you look like, or how you sound or whatever – chances are it’s probably incredibly hot to me. So try thinking about that? And even if it isn’t hot, no one will ever know but me, and I won’t… laugh at you, if that’s what you’re worried about. Maybe it’ll be funny and then we’ll
Sherlock’s eyes widen comically, his face blushing scarlet, and then he begins shovelling eggs into his mouth.
