"You may have a chance with him Sherlock. He's bi and likes them tall, dark, and handsome. But can it wait until after this Discopath is put out of commission? The crowds are still decent, but not as full as I'd like, and people are really scared."
Sadie yawned. "Well, that's a no from her. It's time for a nap," Molly replied, picking up her youngest, who placed her head on Molly's shoulder and stuck her thumb in her mouth. "I'll take her to the nursery. Thanks Mike and Robyn."
John couldn't help but grin from ear to ear. He wouldn't have minded walking home in the snow with Rosie, but he was very happy to be in a warm taxi with his two loved ones. And when they got home, winter gear was exchanged for pajamas, and it wasn't long before the three were Watson-Holmes were on the couch, cuddling under a blanket, sipping hot chocolate, watching a bee documentary while the snow continued to blanket the city.
John blushed. "Thank you. And you're going to make a great chemist."
Enjoying the solitude, John burrowed further under his blanket, engrossed in the book's story. Twenty minutes had passed, and then the genius made his appearance, now wearing a purple dressing gown, a birthday present from this January. His curly hair was all over the place. John looked up and couldn't help but smile fondly. "Good afternoon love. Feel better?"
"I'll be there too, I love a good sock hop," Mrs. Hudson said, patting her blonde bob.
"Oh John, I'm so glad you're safe and okay. Have fun at Pink's with Harry and Clarence, and I'll talk to you tomorrow. Goodnight!" Molly hung up the phone and grinned at Greg. "John is just fine. He's all settled in and everyone's going out to dinner."
John then broke out into the most beautiful smile Sherlock ever saw. "Don't be. I have a lovely flat now."
The kettle whistled, and John got up to get the mugs, milk, and sugar for Sherlock. As he started preparing the mugs, Sherlock stood to wrap his arms around John, who leaned back to the warmth. "I'm glad you quit the clinic, although I know you do enjoy being able to use your medical skills."
"I think she knew you wanted to tell me first."
Sherlock blushed and turned away, obviously not used to such compliments. He felt a warm hand on his shoulder, and he looked back to see John still smiling at him. "You really mean it?"
John looked down at his lap. The last thing he wanted was for his mom to worry; she had enough troubles. “I’m sorry Mom. With you trying to make ends meet, I didn’t want you worrying about me. And I didn’t want the police involved, I can only imagine what some would say about me liking boys as well as girls, they’d think it was my fault and I led them on…” Tears welled in his eyes. He hated feeling helpless and weak.
Also, it's a good thing Martin Freeman isn't reading this, as he sent a letter to KFC regarding the treatment of their chickens, and I have John eating it!
The two men would soon get their answer. Officer James Sholto appeared on the scene and headed for Dave and Jody. "Sholto," Dave greeted him soberly. "I thought you were manning the station."
John raised a fist. "Yes!" He gave his mom another kiss on the cheek. "We're going Mom. I'll be back later."
Gene spoke to him through his headphones. "Hey Billy. We've got a caller on line one, and I'm not sure if it's a woman or a man, but it sounds really creepy. I think we should record it and play it back."
Greg had returned to school feeling like his old self again and caught up on his work, thanks to Victor bringing it over to his house. Molly had offered, but Greg didn't want his girlfriend to be exposed to the virus. It had already went through Victor's house, and he ended up not getting it at all.
John was ready. He knew how to defend himself against brutes; his own father was one, especially when drunk.
"Mmm-hmm. Isn't he gorgeous?"
"Oh honey, please don't cry." Sylvia didn't know what else to say so she just rubbed her daughter's back and continued to hold her. She didn't want to leave her, but she and her father had to go to a funeral in Los Angeles and would have to go soon.
Molly started to get annoyed. "Shove off Carl. My relationship with Greg is none of your business. Maybe if you weren't such a nosy punk, more girls would want to be around you." Molly hardly ever got mad and spoke out of turn, but Carl was an irritating jerk.
Evie wanted her daddy with her so John cuddled up with her on the couch, television tuned to a channel for toddlers that played soothing music to cute pictures of animals and outdoor scenes. A music box version of Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star was on, set to images of smiling stars floating around a grinning moon.
Mycroft and Eurus were in school though, eating their meals at separate tables. Eurus was with her boyfriend Jim Moriarty and some of his friends, and Mycroft was sitting with Henry Knight and a few boys outed as "squares," which John could care less about. He was not into cliques. If he liked someone, he did and that was that.
"A text to Mycroft took care of that. Our things will be delivered to our room before the day is over."
*****
"No he won't. Because if he tries and rapes my child again he's going to have his perverted behind thrown in the slammer for good. He should be damn thankful John didn't press charges." She glared at the couple, arms folded across her chest.
"Okay, okay, don't get all hot and bothered!" Carl protested, holding his hands up. "I just wanted to let you know I heard Janine Hawkins is having a slumber party next weekend and all the hot Culverton chicks are going. I thought we'd crash the bash and show those lovelies a good old time. Little Seb Moran's in, and so is Jeff Hope, Tim Carlton, Marty Freeman, and Art Doyle. I asked Jimmy Moriarty, but he said no. He's all hung up on some girl he met at Regent's Park."
John nodded. "Exactly. But sometimes transference doesn't have to end up in murder. They could just avoid the lookalikes, or develop prejudices. I read about a woman that was raped by a blond haired, blue-eyed man, and the trauma caused her to associate all blond men with her rapist, and from then on she only talked to or dated dark-haired men that didn't have blue eyes."
"Or a major stiffie," Janine piped with a wink.
Sherlock hung up the phone, a wide smile on his face. "I have a date tomorrow for the beach with John."
John hurried to the front door, hearing the sharp knock on the door. "I'm coming, be there in a sec!" he called.
Lucy Saxon anxiously sat in the passenger seat of her brother Jeremy's Ford sedan as the two made the long drive from San Diego to Gatiss General, where her husband Harold was recovering from being hit by a car. She'd gotten the news late Friday evening, right after her sister Penny delivered a healthy baby boy named Frederick Saul, nicknamed Rick. With Penny and the baby doing fine, she decided to leave and be with her husband after Jeremy agreed to drive her.
Sherlock gazed up into the dark blue eyes of his mate, seeing that beaming grin that always made his heart and stomach flutter like a butterfly being swept into a warm spring breeze. John bent down to kiss him, and Sherlock reached up with his long arm, tenderly stroking John’s cheek with his thumb, which made the omega shudder with pleasure.
(See the end of the chapter for
Wanda's eyes widened and her mouth dropped in surprise. "Oh Harry, that is terrific! My first grandchild!"
John resumed his reading, holding his book while his arms were around Sherlock's back. The wind continued to blow, Sherlock fell back asleep again, and John was very happy for this lazy October afternoon.
"Did he go after you?"
Theo and Sophie gave John two jars of honey and a bag of leftover scones. He thanked them profusely, and he put them in his rucksack. He slipped his jacket on, and was out the door with Sherlock, and back on his way to London.
"Well anyway, it wouldn't surprise me if she killed them. If she can cut me with a switchblade, I'm sure she wouldn't bat an eyelid at cutting up two people."
More cheers erupted at hearing Billy's name. The young DJ had quickly become very popular with Sherrinford's teenagers.
Sherlock shook his head and pressed a kiss to the nape of John's neck. "No...
John had gone into their bedroom to change into a pair of sweats and a shirt with a football logo on it as Sherlock had stayed in his dressing gown and pajamas all day. He joined his spouse on the couch. "Did you pick our movie love?"
There were a few students inside the library; most had chosen to spend their free period outside in the nice weather. John found a small table in the back by a window, and sat his bag on the chair next to him, taking out his history homework.
*****
, he decreed.
That force continued to keep John still, allowing the kiss and before he knew it, he was kissing him back.
*****
Sherlock shook his head. "No, I can't---you're not---you're not interested like that."
John laughed nervously. "Thank you. What's your question?"
"Mary Morstan. Her dad made her do self-defense and she taught it to me, Janine, and Sarah. Remember when that purse snatcher was on the loose last summer?"
Sherlock said on his profile he went to weekly boxing classes. No wonder he was in such good shape. And John was intrigued by his declaration of the being "the world's only consulting detective and beekeeper."
"I've deleted that word from my mind palace. I've deleted a lot of things, to make room for you."
Sherlock didn't answer at first. He continued to watch John, fascinated with how good he looked in his jumper. Normally he couldn't stand men in jumpers. But on this one, it worked beautifully. The navy color complimented his eyes and his distinguished silver hair.
"She's crazy. She attacked me at Regent's Park last week with a switchblade. She sliced my arm up good." He showed Dave the scars from his wound.
John waved them off and got into the passenger side of Hal's car. "Thanks Mr. Auden. My car has the worst timing."
"Of course sweetheart. How's your stomach?" she asked.
"Yes," the woman announced proudly. "I'm Irene Adler, and this is Molly Hooper, my partner, both in business and and in pleasure." Molly grinned and nodded at John.
Then John told her that Sherlock had come to the house Sunday after she left for the grocery store and he stayed for almost two hours. She should have been furious, but part of her actually felt good that John wasn't alone. Nothing had happened, they had listened to records and danced (although John conveniently left out the dancing was slow dancing, and the two had made out). And since Sherlock was at the dance with John and the two had supposedly heard the killer, she was even more relieved John wasn't alone when he was outside. She shuddered to think what would have happened if John had stayed outside sooner.
There was a click. She was gone. John hung up the phone, very puzzled...and concerned. Why was Mrs. Holmes so flustered and upset that John wouldn't want to see Sherlock if he told him about this mysterious Sheridan? Was it a friend? Relative? Former boyfriend? Whoever it was, the name had Sherlock's mom in a tizzy.
The rain fell harder as a group of adults entered into a large room inside Charlie Magnussen's office building. Sylvia and Pete Hooper were there, as well as Addie and George Dimmock, Susan Powers, Barbara and Keith Hawkins, Mike Stamford Senior and his wife Linda, Officer Dave Morstan and Rose Morstan, Big Seb Moran and his wife Frances, affectionately called "Fanny", and the Lestrades, Robert and Shirley.
Angelo laughed. "You girls, always fussing over me. It's like having extra daughters."
"I'm not sure. It depends on if I have to stay after. Coach Stewart might want the team to meet."
John unfortunately, had come down with a terrible cold thanks to a Sunday rugby practice in chilly, raw rain the coach refused to cancel. He started showing symptoms Tuesday morning but felt well enough to go to his classes. By Tuesday afternoon, he was in bed with body aches, a sore throat, and extreme fatigue. Sherlock had called John's professors to let them know he would not be in class today or the next. Sherlock also canceled his classes. St. Bart's allowed bonded mates to take sick time if the other was too to attend classes so they could care for them.
"He didn't use the dildo - I told him he could pose with it, but nothing graphic. I could get shut down and be charged with pornography. The shoot went rather well, and he's really photogenic. After he paid me, I told him his significant other would be very pleased with the results. He narrowed his eyes, shot me a look as if I were the biggest idiot on earth, and replied, and I kid you not, 'I don't have a significant other, I don't do relationships. I'm sending them to my fat, meddling arse of a brother, and hopefully these pictures will get him out of my life once and for all."
"You've also developed a slight fever. Just relax. Let me get the medicine. I'll be back in less than half an hour."
"Hey Dave. Looks to be a case of attempted murder. The neighbor who called this in said he heard a gunshot and ran over here. The door was closed but unlocked. He went into the living room and saw Hope lying on the floor, conscious, face down. He managed to tell him that Richard Wilkes shot him in the back after they argued."
The driver twisted his lips into a cruel sneer. He'd read today's paper and saw that the school was sending him a message stating that he wasn't going to ruin their homecoming.
Sherlock is twenty-three, John is twenty-six, and Greg is forty.
"Shouldn't you be having this conversation with Janine? She has a ridiculous obsession too---for me," Sherlock evenly countered.
"Fuck off Freeman. I don't care whether you think I'm gay or not. At least I don't try and sleep with any girl that looks at me funny to prove my manhood." Sebastian's green eyes flashed angrily at his so-called friend.
One of the employees unhooked the latch and one by one everyone started going inside the shop. Sherlock was actually a bit nervous, but pushed it to the back of his mind as he followed Sherrinford and Eurus.
More and more people started coming in. Janine, in her lilac dress with Mike, wearing a brown sweater vest over a white long sleeved shirt and brown trousers; Mary, clad in one of her mother's dresses, a lovely red cap sleeve silk skater with black pumps, escorted by Little Seb, wearing a red short-sleeved shirt and black jeans, some of the other cheerleaders from Culverton Smith High and their dates, and Mrs. Hudson and Angelo. Mrs. Hudson had on a dark purple dress with a matching bow on the hip, and her signature red heels.
John had returned to the cottage, and it had to started to rain. The water felt refreshing on him, and he stood there for a moment just taking the scenery in of the trees swaying in the summer's storm breeze, the fast swirling dark clouds, and the seashore far ahead of him. For a second he wondered what it would be like to feel this every summer.
"Sounds great. Good luck with uni---I know how tough it can be."
John had called Mycroft, who was on a holiday of his own with Greg in France, to tell him of the impending storm and that he and Sherlock weren't allowed to leave, and they battened down the hatches. Mycroft thanked them and told them to be safe.
Once the two were at the exit, Sherlock reached for John again and placed a hot kiss on his mouth. "I can't wait for next Tuesday. Goodbye angel face."
Mycroft Holmes strolled down the street of his new neighborhood, taking in the scenery. The houses were as large like theirs back in England, but he felt they weren’t as grand or stately. Many of them were very modern, and one was even painted pink, how gaudy and undignified! What he did like about his new house was the in-ground pool in the back. Mycroft loved to swim. Before they moved his father, Sidney, had a membership to The Diogenes Club and one of the perks was unlimited use of the pool. Mycroft was there every chance he got. Thanks to constant swimming and cutting back on sweets, he lost a considerable amount of weight. Sherlock and Eurus were always making cruel remarks about his size; one time Eurus even laced a bowl of his Yorkshire pudding with rat poison. He had only eaten a few spoonfuls before realizing the taste was off, and he had spent the night vomiting. Sherlock was unsympathetic; his parents were horrified but scoffed at Mycroft’s insistence that she be placed in a mental ward. He may be brutally honest and a bit on the sociopathic side at times, but he wasn’t dangerous like Eurus, or completely cold and cruel like Sherlock. One day, a body would be found behind an alley somewhere and he would know one of them would be the one to put it there. But despite everything, he did love his siblings. He just wished they would go into therapy. He felt Mummy and Father were too dismissive of their behavior, especially Eurus’. She was the reason they moved all the way to America in the first place…
Sherlock closed his chemistry book and rolled over on the bed so he was facing the ceiling. His parents had not allowed him to leave the house today as punishment for breaking curfew last night, which was fine with him. It had been raining all day, and he wanted to be alone with his thoughts of John. He couldn't wait to have the beautiful blond in his arms again.
Poor Henry :-(
"I did bring in a pair of camos and a T-shirt one of my clients had made for me," John said.
He couldn't help but smile, remembering Eurus calling him "King Jim," gently teasing him for being nominated for Homecoming King. "I'll bet you look good in a crown," she'd said, before passionately kissing him and begging him to make love to her.
John and Sherlock both gave Rosie and Jonathan kisses, hugged Oliver, and left the room. "Let's go get some tea, and then we'll text Mike. We need to thank him," John said.
"Richard Wesley Wilkes is five foot eight, with short graying brown hair, light blue eyes, and weighs roughly one hundred sixty-two pounds. There are no tattoos or identifying marks on his body. At the time of the shooting, he was wearing a black short-sleeved polo shirt, gray slacks, and black loafers. He may be driving a 1958 blue Cadillac Seville. If you see him, immediately call police. Do not attempt to approach him, he may be armed with a gun, or other weapons. At this time, I will allow questions."
"You can't be serious!" Jennifer cried.
Irene chuckled. "It's your haircut. It screams military. Plus the way you ordered Powers to stop. You're used to unruly subordinates."
"Yes," Sherlock answered seriously.
Mary Morstan snorted. "It's no surprise, and I'll bet you my next paycheck Carl Powers is the ringleader."
John was taken aback. "How did you know I served?"
"Their parents spoil them rotten and let them do whatever they want. It's probably why they're such bullies," Greg retorted, an arm wrapped around Molly.
Sherlock immediately began to examine the body, with me beside him, tuning out Anderson's predictable barrage of insipid insults. There were no outward signs of trauma, the body was clean. Sherlock right away suspected poison.
"Oh I know they're looking forward to it. Some of the Year 10 who are friends with some of your Year 9's are jealous they're not doing anything like that," Molly replied.
Sherlock at first had dismissed the books, he wasn't a horror fan and thought the genre was "useless, tasteless trash", his own words. He'd nearly gotten into a physical altercation with a member of the Yard after he ruthlessly mocked him for being a Stephen King fan. But he ended up eating crow after reading the latest John Watson novel,
John and Sherlock spends some more time together, Wanda buys a gun---and gets a date---and the killer makes another chilling call to the radio station.
Sherlock shook his head. "I graduated two years ago from Cambridge with a chemistry degree. And yes, I'm extremely intelligent."
"Yes!" John shouted confidently, taking Harry by surprise. "Yes I believe him, and I almost went off with him."
Slowly, John released his palm and lay down the bullhorn on the bed. He could see Owen breathe a sigh of relief and begin to relax, a grin forming on his mouth between the silky fabric that lay there.
Sherlock stood in front of the bathroom mirror, nervous. Even though he'd been with John before, their kids were with them. Now it was just going to be the two of them, alone. He didn't want to screw things up. Despite John liking his deductions and intense honesty, Brett and Rosie were there as buffers for him to be on his best behavior. It wouldn't be the case tonight. He took a deep breath and mentally told himself he could handle a couple hours in a coffee shop.
"I don't want to accuse anyone but it's possible. Oh I know it sounds silly, and I have no proof. It could be anyone."
John held out his hand. "Hi Luke, it's nice to meet you."
"It's a date."
Jeremy sat down in a chair opposite her, next to Harold. "No change?"
"Sounds good to me. "I'll call my parents at the community center and let them know."
"Yeah, it was pretty nice, I have to admit." John smiled at Sherlock. "But we'll see each other in school. It's not goodbye you know."
Irene nodded, and the three continued their meal with pleasant and comfortable conversation.
"Sherlock!" Mycroft reprimanded, but his younger brother was adamant. "Mycroft, you said yourself you didn't want to schedule another day of auditions. None of the other dancers interested or intrigued me. John does. Sure he doesn't have the typical dancer's physique or moves, he's short and stocky---"
“She what?” Molly was shocked and angry. “How could she run around on you? You’re perfect.” Then realizing what she said, she grew red like a tomato and quickly looked away, feeling stupid and afraid Greg would laugh at her.
Wanda laughed, she could picture Harry rolling her eyes. "Oh I don't know, Tiffany Crystal Watson doesn't sound bad at all."
“Not at all.”
John laughed. "Well, I'm glad to finally meet Sherlock in person too." He looked at the large kitchen table that held the food. "Wow, this is some spread. I can't wait to try all of it."
Sherlock stood up and began pacing. "Typically when someone argues with me it devolves into name-calling, threats to have me fired, and other juvenile tactics. But you---you  just talked to me like a regular human being with intelligence. It was like the sun breaking through the clouds."
The driver immediately got out and tended to Harold, who was unconscious. And while Harold lay in the rain-covered street, and a neighbor opened the door, running out after seeing the scene, the killer had picked up his mask, ran out the back door of Harold's house, and into the stormy night, unseen.
Regent's Park was eerily silent, except for Marty and Art sitting down under a big pine tree, sharing a joint and drinking beer. The two had escaped to the park after being tossed out of the Rollerama.
"Sherlock wait!" John called out.
Rosie nodded. "Her name is Bespoke."
Lunch ended all too soon, and soon students were scurrying off to their final classes for the day. Molly, Greg, Mary, Little Seb, Mike, Janine, Sarah, and Bill walked out together, each shooting Irene, who was sitting at one of the tables by the doors, a dirty look. Her girlfriend, Kate Moffat, raised her eyebrows at her. "I see you've managed to piss off more of the student body."
Over John Watson's forty plus years, there were some bad memories he tried to forget. The first time his father hit his mother. The first time his father hit him. Harry being kicked out of the house for coming out. The numerous arguments and fights initiated by his father, spurred on by alcohol. Coming home from a draining residency shift at med school to find his girlfriend in bed with his best friend, and kicking them both out. Getting shot in Afghanistan that put an end to his surgery career. Moriarty and the pool, the Woman, Sherlock faking his death, his sham marriage to Mary, and probably the worst, finding out Rosie wasn't his, which meant Mary wasn't only an assassin, but an adulteress. He sure knew how to pick women.
"Well love, he may have looked like The Incredible Hulk but he surely didn't fight like him. It was easy to dislocate his shoulder and sock him right in the jaw. And I got back that sweet old lady's purse, so if all I got was a concussion and Nurse Ratched for a caretaker, I think I got the better of it." John gently took Sherlock's hand and pressed a kiss to the top of it. "Now how about getting me that chicken parm."
For this story, John and Mary were married long before he met Sherlock, and he was never in the army. It takes place right after Hounds of Baskerville.
This time it was Victor's turn to turn red and have the rest of the group laugh at him.
"I'm sorry. We weren't able to do surgery. The bullet was lodged too close to his spine. Sadly, it wasn't the gunshot that killed him. He went into cardiac arrest and we weren't able to revive him."
"He's beautiful Ro," John marveled.
*****
The bartender arrived with their pints. Bill picked his up. "Let's have a toast."
Molly was wearing a sunny yellow short-sleeved shirt dress with a cinched waist and attached matching belt. Her brown hair was down, the ends curled up into flips, and she wore a yellow headband. Her shoes were also yellow, Mary-Janes with kitten heel pumps. Greg had on a white button-down dress shirt and khaki pants with brown loafers.
John stood outside the door of Sherlock's hospital room on the fourth floor, fists clenched, mentally bracing himself to enter. He had convinced his mother to stay in the waiting room despite her objections. He didn't want a lot of drama upon seeing Sherlock, he just wanted to find out how he was.
Yvonne placed an arm around the woman. "Thanks love." She pecked her on the cheek. "Ladies and gentleman, this is my beautiful wife Jasmine."
"Anyway, I got spooked seeing this car. If these murders didn't happen, I wouldn't think it weird. I told my mom, and she recognized the car. It belongs to Gloria Wilkes."
"I'm not going to hurt him. He's the first person that hasn't treated me like a freak. You're not going to ruin this for me, or you'll end up like---"
John laughed. "I'll drink to that!"
John huffed. "Well, he didn't like me, but not in that way. A friend of mine introduced me to him as he's looking for a flatmate. He rejected me because of my daughter."
Sebastian gazed at John, and fought back a tremor. He looked just like Zach Quinn.
The attacker would alternate their evenings. It would be Friday, then a Saturday, and they'd started out with the clubs in the seedier sections of town, before making their way to the more upscale neighborhoods.
John mentally pictured their little toddler ordering Mycroft around and he couldn't help but grin. If anyone could rile Mycroft up, it was definitely Rosie, although his brother-in-law had a soft spot for his niece.
Molly sniffled and nodded her head. "Yes, I'll be okay. I'm just going to stay in my room, read, listen to some music."
and it's going to be called
After John collected his prize, which was a gift certificate to a local pub, Sherlock was more than ready to leave the party and go back to their dorm. John had made a promise of some good loving, and he was ready to collect on that promise.
Actually no.
Jim Moriarty sat under a big shady maple tree trying to keep cool. Regent’s Park was generally crowded on summer weekends but today’s hot weather had people either indoors or at the beach. The place was practically deserted, and his friends Sebastian Moran and Sebastian Wilkes wanted somewhere to hangout and smoke weed.
Unlike Saturday night when Sherlock had him on the floor, he was gentle and tender. Sherlock moved his mouth to John's neck and peppered his golden skin with soft kisses and flicks of his tongue. After a bout of affection, Sherlock broke to gaze at John and he smiled. "You're beautiful."
"I try my best. So, shall we be off?"
John had called the office and spoke with Irene, reassuring her he was fine, and he would come in after his two o'clock to check in and do some paperwork before his he ended his work day. He also got a call from Victor, who told him he was not able to make lunch. One of his clients, a very wealthy socialite, had called and demanded him to do a last minute photoshoot. Her daughter was engaged to be married and needed engagement pictures for the newspapers and society websites. Victor was also being highly paid for this job, and he wasn't about to turn the money down. John readily understood, and the two rescheduled for tomorrow afternoon.
"Yeah!" Rosie exclaimed. "This is so much fun Nana."
Sherlock bent down and kissed John's ear, then licked a wet stripe down to his lobe. "Let's put the food in the fridge. Dinner can wait. I think we should take that hot, soapy bath right now."
"Sherlock, we can't be together, attraction or not. My family will never allow it. You have to understand."
"God, Jim is something else. He's not like any 'Meggie I've ever met," Sally quietly remarked.
Mary nodded in approval. "I love that color. If get married, that's going to be the color of my bridesmaid dresses."
"Oh Dad, come on! You know I'm in a committed relationship with Jasmine. Anyway, she and I looked on it one night for fun. We were having a good time cracking up reading all the profiles. Talk about high expectations."
Loud knocks on the door reverberated through the house. "Police!" a male voice shouted.
“Nope. He didn’t have a leather jacket on, but he had on a tight white T-shirt, black jeans and motorcycle boots. He also has a motorcycle. It’s black with purple flames painted on the side. It’s a beauty and probably cost a pretty penny too. I saw him get on it and ride off somewhere.”
*****
Big Seb somehow managed to get up. Tears flooded his eyes, and he was holding his left arm. Jim saw she had slashed him beneath his elbow. His shirt was covered in bright crimson blood. “You crazy bitch! Look what you did to me!” he screamed.
"I'm sorry John." Sherlock took him in his arms and held him close. "I've been worried about you all day, I had to come and make sure you were safe."
"Anything as long as it's with you."
"I am, but I got thirsty."
John went to his bag and pulled out a tube of diaper rash cream. He'd bought it at Tesco for Evie. It had come two in a pack for the price of one. He returned to Warren, who was still unmoved.
"I've already told John I believe the killer is seeking revenge believing the town is too forgiving of one 'sin' and not another."
John silently wondered if that's what he really wanted...
Greg was out the door and sprinting to his car. Molly had called him, scared after another encounter with Mycroft, and his blood started to boil.
John opened the door for Molly and put an arm around her as they walked towards the entrance to the Roller-Rama. Molly had called John after her piano lesson and told him all about her encounter with Mycroft. John had calmed her down and told her he would look after her, and if he saw Mycroft he would give him a piece of his mind. He longed to tell her about his conversation with Greg, and that the other boy wanted to date her, but he felt that wasn’t his place, and that Molly would probably think he was fooling her. But if she and Greg could become a couple, he could protect her too, and the weird boy would back off knowing she had a boyfriend.
Sherlock cupped John's face and kissed him sweetly. He pulled away and grinned at John. "I am over the moon that you're pregnant. I never thought I'd be at this stage of my life, with a perfect omega that wanted to bond with me, much less want to have children with me. Once he or she is born, I'll scale back on cases and take more private work. And we can finally take Hudders up on her offer to rent 221C and turn it into a lab, so my experiments will be kept safely away from the little one. Your old room will become the nursery. We can do this John."
John entered the shop at eleven, his start time. He would be working eleven to four, and then heading back to St. Bart's to resume his studies. The manager was there, folding shirts. He smiled when he saw John. "Good morning. How was your Christmas?"
Greg snickered. “So you’ve heard of them. Irene is fascinated with them, especially the one with the sex voice and multi-colored eyes. I saw him briefly when I dropped her off at home yesterday. He freaked me out man. But the most surprising thing was how he was dressed...he’s a goddamn greaser!”
John picked up his fork and dug into his slice with gusto. Sherlock chuckled as he watched John eat. He suddenly wondered if John had the same energy in bed as he did with eating.
"Sherlock, you can sit here and pine all you want. I've told you many times we can't see each other unless it's for school. I don't know why you can't respect that. "
"Totally not cool," Victor lamented.
He smiled and opened the door for her. She got in, placing her bookbag in her lap.
"Goodnight kids. Make sure you go straight home," Mrs. Hudson gently reminded them.
"All right you two, ready to test our snow out? Let's get bundled up and go on the roof!" John told his family.
"Guess I'll have to make up for all those lost compliments," John whispered back, kissing him softly on the lips.
"How did Carl Powers hurt you?"
"Woah, wait up! John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock. "How do you know that last part? It's not in my file. And why would you want to read my file anyway? It's supposed to be confidential...oh wait, never mind, your brother."
"Hey!" John started to argue, but he was cut off by another kiss from Sherlock. Once the taller boy broke the kiss for some air, he smiled sadly at John. "You should probably go now."
Sherlock smiled and held out his hand. John took it and Sherlock kissed his husband's knuckles. "You wouldn't have me any other way."
After Kitty left, Sylvia turned to her daughter. "Let's drag your father out of the garage. The car can wait until morning. I'll feel safer knowing we're all locked up tight inside."
Sherlock could only grin and lean in to kiss his blogger. "That definitely is a bright side. I'll be back shortly." He put on his Belstaff, and with a wink, headed out the door to get his beloved chicken parm and a slice of pizza and a canoli for himself.
After the festivities, the newlyweds headed to Sussex to honeymoon at the Holmes seaside cottage, driving in a car donated by Mycroft. The couple celebrated an intimate Christmas and New Year's Eve with champagne, strawberries, chocolate, honey, and lots of sex.
Two weeks before the full moon, John accepted Sherlock's offer to bond as his heat was soon approaching. Mycroft and Greg suggested John and Sherlock go to the family farm in Sussex for their bonding, and to enjoy their first hunt as bonded mates in a safe and private space. When the couple asked if Mycroft and Greg wanted to come to hunt with them, they accepted.
Sherlock smiled shyly. "I did too. I'm usually not that forward. But there's something special about you John."
Molly linked her arms with Irene's. "How about lunch? My treat."
Jim was hesitant. “Hey wait! I don’t even know your name, you cut up my friend, you tried to drown a baby duck, and you expect me to go on a date with you?”
John decided his business email would be captainjohn@leatherandlace.com.uk. It wasn't overtly sexy, and it would be easy for clients to remember.
John had missed London.
"I was a doctor in the Army, and I have PTSD as well. I got shot in the shoulder and that was it for me. I didn't know what I was going to do. I didn't think I would be using my military experience as a dominator, but it's been very rewarding. I've met a lot of nice people---" he looked at Warren---and I can take care of my daughter at the same time."
Heavy drama ahead!!!! But it will get better!
“Because I wanted too,” he calmly replied.
John continued. "As I'm sure you figured, the body has only been here several hours. Do we have an ID yet?"
"No, she's not like that." Tim turned his head towards the back of the house. "I don't see Sophie's car anywhere."
I think all of us are ready to say goodbye to 2020. While it wasn't that awful for me personally as I was still able to work (being a school employee was tough this year but I'm making due), the political turmoil in the USA coupled with trying to stay virus free among anti-maskers was stressful. I think the first half of 2021 will be difficult but I think eventually there will be a light at the end of the tunnel. So Happy New Year and enjoy this dialogue free story.
"You've really done him a world of good John. As well as Rosie." John smiled at the thought of his detective and his daughter. "Sherlock loves her so much, and Rosie adores her "Papa Sherwock," that's what she calls him. He's really good at teaching her things. It's funny, he rarely has patience for adults, but he's got all the patience and time in the world for her. I think it's because unlike a lot of adults, she doesn't cut him down and loves him for him. And she's so curious about everything."
Sherlock turned away to blush. John always downplayed his intelligence. Even though Sherlock sometimes made fun of him "for not keeping up," his husband was so much less of an idiot than the general public. "John, let's go home, I think the Yard can take it from here, and I'm starving. Angelo's?"
Wanda nodded. "Yes. You're redeeming yourself and I'm grateful for that. I'm not so cold-hearted that I want you as prey for some psychopath."
"Yeah. Maybe it'll help Sherlock and Mycroft leave us alone, especially when school starts. Is Molly okay?"
John woke up to the sound of a door being slammed. He startled slightly, trying to get his bearings, before he heard a familiar baritone. "JOHN!" He rubbed his eyes, stretched, and went to greet his husband.
John lovingly watched his ridiculous genius get up and walk to the kitchen. He couldn't think of a better person to spend snowed in with.
He didn't know when he started to cry, but the tears were falling like the rain that fell earlier in the night. Sherlock pulled away slightly to look at John, and shook his head.
Mycroft said nothing to Sherlock as he walked with him out of the jail and towards the green Aston Martin. Mycroft got in the driver’s seat and Sherlock got in the other side. After an uncomfortable silence, Sherlock looked at his brother.
Owen handed John his fee, all cash, and the two shook hands before John left the room. It had been another successful evening, and John decided to celebrate with a drink in the bar downstairs before heading home. Evie was at his neighbor's, and last time he called to check in, his little girl was snuggled under a blanket engrossed in Sesame Street videos. "Daddy home night," she'd told him over the phone, her way of telling him to come home soon.
Sherlock watched him climb the stairs, and although they would be talking to each other soon, his heart felt heavy. He was missing him already.
"Would you like something to drink? Not booze, but a soda, glass of water? On the house."
John turned to Sherlock. "You're such a jealous baby. She was clearly not interested in me."
John shivered. "Mmm, your idea sounds much better."
His stomach suddenly lurched, and he clutched it with both hands. He stood up, waves of nausea pulsing through his lower half. Henry and Richard took notice and became worried.
"Good. The kids are really looking forward to next Friday's stargazing party. I've got a few parents who said they wanted to chaperone, along with you and Mike. We're also going to be roasting marshmallows, making it almost like camping out."
Rosie laid her head on Sherlock's shoulder, which caused John to smile even brighter. "Rosie loves you."
"We'll have him check in during his break, we can call him," Molly suggested.
Before Sherlock could reply, his phone pinged. He reached back towards the nightstand and picked it up. It was a text from Molly Hooper, their friend. John looked at Sherlock, who mouthed "Molly." John nodded and burrowed back into Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock blew out a long stream of smoke and sighed happily. Sod Mycroft and his lectures on cigarettes, he could enjoy one every now and then. It wasn't like he shoved an entire pack into his mouth.
"Can you get them out of the house?"
"Tim told me. Goddamn those sons of bitches. I'm gonna kill them."
John was at the shore now. The waves were rough and relentless, white foam crashing into sand. He turned around and saw Sherlock, clad in black swim trunks, with an evil grin on his face. “You have nowhere to go John. I’m coming for you.” He raced towards him, arms flung out, ready to grab him.
There may be a drama teacher there who resembles Tom Hiddleston. ;)
"Oh yeah," John replied, the memory coming back to him. "I guess I do still have it huh?"
"Well Happy Monday Tiger!" Lee said enthusiastically. "Luke brought his friend, he served in Afghanistan just like you, I think you two will have a lot to talk about." He motioned towards John. "John Watson, meet Sebastian Moran."
"I know that. I still don't like it." Sherlock sat back and pouted.
"Yes, Jim whispered,
Sherlock smiled as he stared up at the ceiling, allowing the soothing smells of the bath to relax him, images of John flooding his mind, growing more eager about their nuptials tomorrow, and their first night together as a married couple. He knew he and John were going to be one of the few young married students at uni, but he wouldn't have it any other way. He knew the moment he saw John, that the handsome med student was the omega for him. He was not a believer in fate or karma, but he and John being together was somehow meant to be. He'd never had feelings for anyone like he did for John, and he was blissfully happy that he was no longer on the market, not to mention extremely relieved. Bonding, something he'd feared for so long, was the best choice he ever made. It meant no more omegas or betas (and even a few alphas) throwing themselves at him.
"Yes Captain," Warren responded with a hitch in his voice. John saw a shiver literally crawl down the other man's spine. Warren wanted this badly.
The two ended their conversation. John let out another yawn and decided to head to bed for a nap. He didn't want to go out and be tired.
"Okay you two, kiss cam!" Victor shouted at them.
"Solve the case?" John asked.
John wrapped his arms around his husband. "It's okay. When I first saw the recipe online, I wasn't sure it was going to work at first, but trying and failing is all a part of life and it's a good lesson for Rosie to learn. How about we go back in and I'll make some hot cocoa?"
John just smiled and grabbed his arm and with one hard yank, pulled it behind his back, holding him steadily in place against his chest. "Oww!" he cried. "You broke my arm!"
She'd have to tell Greg. He'd be angry, and he wouldn't like it that Mycroft intervened, but hopefully he would get over it.
"Well, um, thank you. It's a bit of surprise that you can smell me. All the alphas I've met say my scent is very faint," John replied, his voice a little too meek for his liking.
Dave nodded, then he smiled. "You settled him down, made him a better person."
Sherlock huffed, but there was no anger behind it. He knew John was just being playful. "You're a right prat you know that?"
Sherlock cut him off by cupping his face and laying a searing kiss on his lips. John was shocked to say the least, and didn't react right away, but then gave into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Sherlock, and processing what was happening. Sherlock was kissing him, passionately. John thought Sherlock didn't feel that way about him. Maybe it was just them being away, the change of scenery. Sherlock would probably go right back into his cool indifference mode as soon as this was all over.
The two went downstairs. Pete was sitting at his desk on the phone, and Sylvia was on the couch knitting, listening to the radio. "Hi Mom, Greg and I are going to the bowling alley. We'll be back at ten-thirty."
"It sure is. Very serene. Maybe once the snow stops we can explore. The owner said they have skiis to loan out," John suggested.
"Speaking of bosses, I have to tell you, after my lunch with Sarah and Valerie today, I'm even more glad I left the clinic." John added water to the kettle and turned on the stove, sitting down across from Sherlock. "They have a new office manager, and he's made some changes that are not sitting well with everyone."
However, she was completely taken by surprise when he gently grabbed her chin and pulled her towards him. “You’re perfect too,” he breathed and before she could react, he leaned in and softly kissed her. When he broke away, she just gaped at him for a few seconds, unable to say anything. Then finally, “Why did you kiss me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hello Dave," Lucy greeted. "I gather you're here about Harold's attack?"
*****
He nodded. "Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. It's a good thing Mrs. Hudson kept The Big H closed and isn't re-opening until the day of school, but the bad part is I'll have less money on my paycheck."
It had been an intense five days at St. Bart's. It was exam week, the last week before the university closed for fall break. It was a Friday afternoon in November, a cool cloudy one with showers popping up off and on. Many students had already left campus to return to their respective homes, leaving the school a lot more quiet than it had been, and that suited Sherlock and John just fine. The boyfriends and roommates were planning to spend the first week of break staying at St. Bart's, while exploring London. The second week they would go back to see their families before returning to school to finish out the semester before the Christmas holiday.
John was relaxing under some trees in his small backyard, radio tuned to KMOF. He was in utter disbelief that Carl Powers had been murdered. And his mother didn't want to leave him alone, but she had to go work. John promised her if he did go anywhere, it would be at a place where others would be around, like Speedy's or The Big H.
Greg was in the family room talking to his girlfriend Molly Hooper. "Dad told me school is only a half day tomorrow."
John sat on his bed, and Sherlock sat next to him. He turned off the radio. "I think this person just wanted to kill someone, and they didn't care who it was or what color they were. It wasn't a robbery, nothing was taken. Unfortunately, Sally and Phillip were in the wrong place at the wrong time. The killer would have chosen anyone alone in that parking lot, where they would be alone and unguarded."
"What, gorgeous?"
John sighed and rubbed his face. "For now. Clara came back, and she and Harry have agreed to do marriage counseling. I'm just glad Harry didn't take a drink. We took a walk, went to lunch, watched crap telly."
The lights dimmed, casting a golden glow in the room. The music started up, and Rosie placed an arm around each of her fathers, and three began slowly swaying in time to the song. Some of the ladies, including Mrs. Hudson, Mrs. Turner, and Sherlock's mum, teared up at the sweet scene. Lacy was beaming at her new wife, as she would be doing the same thing with her parents to her chosen song, Someone to Watch Over Me, as soon as Rosie, Sherlock, and John were done.
The house Sherlock and John retire to is real, currently for sale, and looks like an amazing place to live. I live very close to the water and there's something relaxing about it that I really can't describe.
Sherlock laughed. "I think you're going to make a good doctor John."
John looked at Sherlock in disbelief. "If they won't listen to me, they certainly won't listen to you."
"It's fine Molly. I understand."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the remark, a sudden and unexpected streak of jealousy shooting through him. He knew he was being irrational, but he couldn't help it. He found John gorgeous too.
John paused for a moment. "Did she complain of having these symptoms over time or was this the first time before she went to the hospital?"
Sherlock, double majoring in chemistry and criminal justice, and John, a sports medicine major who wanted to become a physical therapist specializing in treating athletes, were in their large dorm room cuddling together on top of their bed. The two had each finished a rather physically and mentally exhausting exam that left them drained. Both boys returned home exhausted and fell onto the bed, not even bothering to take their socks and shoes off. Eventually after a few minutes of getting their bearings, they did remove their footwear and changed into comfortable clothes. Sherlock had his dressing gown and pajamas on while John wore a shirt with the St. Bart's rugby team that he played for, and a pair of soft black sweatpants. It wasn't long before the two succumbed to sleep, with Sherlock dreaming of elements and symbols while John dreamed about playing rugby on a field where his opponents were wearing jerseys with the names of different pain medicines on them.
"No it wasn't, but you definitely know your drugs and their side effects. You were a great assist to me in my presentation of why metformin should not always be the go to medicine to prescribe to Type II diabetics." Sherlock hugged him tighter. "I'm so lucky to have you in my life John. When I first stepped foot here I didn't think I'd ever find a friend. I especially didn't think I'd find someone to love either. Then again, I wasn't looking for either when I stepped foot on campus, I just wanted to focus on my studies."
Harry was gorgeously dressed in a white off the shoulder top, navy blue tea-length skirt with white polkadots, and white sandals. Her short blonde hair was adorned with navy barrettes on either side of her head.
"John, I want us to spend some time together this afternoon before curfew," Sherlock told him.
John went to the other side of the cab and got in next to Sherlock. "Hi love. How did you know I was here?"
"I don't need you or Piecroft to babysit me, don't you have your own jobs to worry about? Granted, you can barely do your job without my assistance---"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock blushed slightly at having been caught. "Actually I find the concept of the Weeping Angels very intriguing. I love that they're a science based villain and not the normal "let me take over the world because I want to" monster the show usually throws at us."
. I assume you all have read it? During my talk I'll be discussing some plot points and I want to make sure I don't spoil anything."
Jasmine nodded appreciatively at John. "Great. It's always nice to have male omegas get in on the fun."
"There's more," Seb said.
"I'd keep quiet if I were you," Marty continued.
Saturday night drama and mayhem in Sherrinford...
Hours later, the girls were reacting to each other's photos. Molly looked sweet and a little saucy in a silvery white velvet minidress, complete with angel wings and a glittery halo. She was barefoot, and laying on top of a sheet of sheer, white, gauzy organza resembling a cloud. The backdrop was a powder blue sky with clouds.
John pulled another record, "Try Me I Know We Can Make It" by Donna Summer, from his huge music library, and placed it on his other turntable. "Love Hangover" was fading out, and John needed to take to the mic to introduce the next song.
Sherlock snorted. "Of course they weren't."
"There's not many of us, just me and two others, one's in Wales, the other's in Ireland. Kinda feels nice to be special."
******
"I still can't believe he did this Officer Morstan. It's like waking up from a nightmare, but the nightmare is still going on. This is going to tear Gloria and Seb up awful. Gloria tried to kill herself before---once she finds out Richard was the killer, I don't know if she'll survive it."
Sherlock adopted little Rosie, and John officially had her name changed to Rosie Catherine Molly Watson-Holmes. He just couldn't have her saddled with Rosamund Mary. Not because of his late wife's secret past, he had loved her. But he was rebooting his life, he was starting with a fresh, clean slate, and part of that was giving Rosie a fresh start as well, but he didn't want to obliterate Mary's memory completely, so he made his baby's nickname her real first name. One day he would tell his daughter all about her mother.
"He seems to think you're pretty amazing too," I told him.
Sherlock sighed happily. "Say that again John."
Mike prescribed him indomethacin and bedrest, and told him he would be right as rain in a week. John was glad it wasn't anything more serious, and that the wretched Chinese restaurant had been shut down for various health violations.
John responded to Sherlock's beautiful words with a passionate kiss and a whispered suggestion of returning to their room for a romantic tryst in their outdoor hot tub. Sherlock smiled, got up, took John's hand, and the two were soon on their way to an afternoon of pure Greek bliss.
It's been a crappy couple of weeks in the good ol' USA thanks to a certain orange President who shall not be named. And The Patriots won the Superbowl AGAIN UGH!!! But you're not here to see my rants. Enjoy the latest chapter!
And then it hit him like a ton of bricks, and he nearly fell off the stool, his body feeling like it was turning into jelly. He was shocked. It was the only way to describe it. Shock. He'd talked to this person, been at his house not too long ago...
John's presence at the veterans' group unwittingly sets him up for danger.
"So what are you going to do today then?" his mother asked.
, were neatly stacked and arranged around the poster.
"Very slowly, but this weekend John and I are going to be really starting packing things up and taking them to the new apartment..."
Which is why Molly Hooper was alone during her free period. She was outside, sitting under a tree not far from the basketball court, reading her geometry textbook when she noticed the space above her turned dark like clouds blocking the sun. She looked up, and saw Art Doyle, Marty Freeman, and Jeff Hope standing above her, looking none too pleased.
Veronica smiled sadly. "Eventually it's going to come out. If John does have to know, it should come from you rather than one of the town gossips."
In just a few minutes Sherlock had a printout which listed John's address and cell number. "Thank you Janine," Sherlock said, and quickly left the office, grateful his deduction spared him from a go with the horny receptionist. He stared at the piece of paper like his life depended on it.
John couldn't help but smile everytime he heard someone address him with that title. Mary had told him shortly after they married that he wasn't haunted by the war, he missed it. She was right. Being in the army and being a leader gave him a sense of purpose and direction. When he was shot and invalidated out, he'd felt useless. And if it took spanking and inflicting consensual pain on someone paying good money for it to make him feel worth something again, he'd take it. He felt no shame in what he was doing. There was something raw and powerful about a total stranger handing their body over willingly to another total stranger for complete submission.
John decided he wasn't going to spend New Year's Eve alone in his room. While he couldn't attend the party in the ballroom because you needed a ticket to go, the bar was open to anyone. So he dressed in the fanciest clothes he had, black slacks, a white button down, red vest with gold buttons, dark jeans, and black loafers, and found a seat in the corner against the wall. The bar wasn't packed, but it was fairly crowded. It also served as a small pub, with tables so people who wanted to eat could. John was waiting on an order of chips. He didn't want to drink on an empty stomach.
"It is important that residents go on with their daily lives but to remain cautious at all times, especially at night. Although the curfew exempts certain employees, businesses whose employees work night shifts should try to provide extra security and/or adjust work schedules for safety," Mayor Harkness said during an interview Sunday morning at City Hall.
Harry faced her brother and returned the smile. "Mine too. I loved grilled cheese sandwich night when I was a kid." She wiped her hands on her apron. "Have a seat. Lunch will be ready in a few minutes."
"Well," John remarked, lips curling into a coy smile. "Since you put it that way, I accept your dinner invitation."
"Well then, I think we're done. The most important thing now is for you to find your son. He may be staying at The Del Sol Hotel, which is right down the road from us. The clerk isn't picky about who he rents to, so I'm sure a teenage boy wouldn't faze him. I can give you directions," Clarence said.
"Who is that?" Jim whispered to Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled again. "And for that I'm I'm extremely grateful." He leaned over and softly kissed John.
*****
Molly rolled her eyes. "I'm sure you did. It was all for nothing. Greg already knows what happened to me yesterday, we talked on the phone last night. So stop trying to be a troublemaker. You've got Kate, there's no need to try and ruin mine and Greg's happiness."
Sherlock wasn’t even fazed. He watched John leave, more turned on than before by the sight of the short, muscular blond with the eyes the darkest shade of blue he’d ever seen, and was so glad he decided to skip the dance at the country club.
"Dad, what did Mr. Watson whisper to you? Was it something you can't tell me?" Brett asked.
Sherlock got the text from Lestrade around ten-thirty that morning.
Sherlock turned on the small radio that sat on one of the kitchen counters. He sat down, closed his eyes, and began to listen.
Sherlock put on his sexiest smile and gazed down at Janine. "Hello Janine. I was wondering if you could help me."
The song ended. John gazed up at Sherlock with loving eyes. "I'll never forget the first time I saw your face at Saint Bart's. I'd never seen anyone that looked so striking and posh. I thought you were a right nutter for asking me to look at your flat, but it turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to me. I'll never regret saying yes."
"No I'm good, this is my second glass. Let's go find a more private place," Sherlock said, sliding off his barstool.
A town hall meeting to discuss town safety will take place on Wednesday, September 6th at Sherrinford Community Church, located at 935 Hiddleston Street. The meeting will start at 6:00 and everyone is encouraged to attend.
"I can't wait to see John's pics," Sally coyfully teased, winking at John.
John was working from home doing telemedicine. His old bedroom was turned into a makeshift office where for four hours a day, he would assess patients over the phone, prescribe meds, and reassure people that called in that their sniffles and sneezes were not Covid-19, but seasonal allergies. He was usually tired after finishing his shift and Sherlock was there to make sure he had a cup of hot tea and some biscuits on the table next to his chair.
"You all right Officer?" Gordie asked, concern creeping into his face.
"Daddy!" Rosie cried excitedly, running towards John, who scooped her up into his arms, planting kisses on her face. "How's my little sea maiden?"
The rain started just after Sherlock and John entered the student union, which was decorated to the hilt in Halloween goodness with glow in the dark spider webs, carved pumpkins lit up thanks to battery operated candles on the center of each table, surrounded by black and and purple netting. Horror movie posters hung on the walls, fake skeletons were suspended from the ceiling, and an assortment of cutouts were placed in various places. A large buffet table with lots of food and goodies was at the back, along with two large cauldrons filled with punch. The DJ booth was set up on the right side and instrumental electronic music was playing from two large speakers mounted on either side of the table.
"I won't, unless he's skinny and short," John replied with a wink.
"Yes, Miss Irene taught me all I know. Now I have my own business," she said proudly, putting her arm around Irene.
John nodded. "It appears to have been a business dispute. He was going to strike these ladies with his fist if I hadn't intervened."
"Glad you could make it," Molly happily whispered to him.
The stream shot out again, spraying all the boys, who started running to escape the wet assault. Marty tripped and fell down, nearly falling into the large rectangular pool. "Shit!" he cried.
"He's not feeling well. He woke up this morning with a slight fever and chills. I asked him if he wanted me to stay home with him but Gloria is there."
"Potential victim? Of what?" Greg asked, puzzled.
John couldn't help but put his hand over Sherlock's. Sherlock looked at him and smiled softly.
Greg had called Molly after dinner and she filled him in on the incident with Carl. Greg was horrified, but Molly assured him she was fine and that Carl will probably think twice about going after her again.
"I feel a lot better too. Mrs. H really put us to work, but it felt good being back." John gazed up at Sherlock and pushed away an errant curl laying on his forehead. "Mom's out with Mr. Auden, and she left me some money to get something to eat. Have you had dinner?"
"That so?" the officer asked Carl.
Before the berk could say any more choice words, the doctor came in. I'm assuming he was a doctor. He had a white coat on, but it was rolled up to his elbows. He wore a blue and white checked shirt with a navy blue tie, blue jeans, and white trainers. He wore a stethoscope around his neck. But he was really young. He looked to be in his mid to late twenties. He was short, blond, and had a warm smile on his face.
With a sigh, Dave left Gatiss General, frustrated that he may have the only living witness who saw the face of the Sherrinford Slayer, and he was knocked out on morphine. He replayed the images in his mind of when he arrived on the scene of Regent's Park Road. Harold was lying on the wet street, groaning in pain, and obviously frightened. The driver who accidentally hit him, a very remorseful father of six who was driving home from a late shift at a factory in Gatiss, said that he didn't see Harold until it was too late and he couldn't swerve in time to miss him. Luckily he was only driving 25 miles an hour due to the heavy rain, or the school principal would have likely died, instead of getting broken ribs and some scratches and bruises to his legs and arms.
"It's not your fault you got sick. And actually this was a nice Christmas Eve. It's quiet, peaceful, snow is falling and thanks to the storm, we get to spend Christmas Day here together. I can't complain at all."
"Not yet. But I haven't been here long enough to really put together a list of people who would fit the bill. But whomever it is, they're married and have a child. They're protecting a loved one, either the spouse or the child. Which could be anyone in town really, but it's someone that's been here for a long time and knows the right places to commit their crimes. He also likes to take risks. Murdering two people in a parking lot during a very crowded dance where anyone could have come out and seen something, he's definitely not the shy type."
"Sounds nice. I like Indian food," John replied.
Sherlock took Rosie from John and cuddled her to his chest, and she burrowed, in yawning. "I guess she's still sleepy."
There was a beat of silence before Greg responded. “Eerie timing,” he remarked.
“Because it’s no big deal. I told him to keep his hands to himself,” John answered nonchalantly.
"I can't believe how quickly this happened. Seb and I weren't close friends but we talked. He really showed a different side of him at the slumber party."
Sherlock stood across the street from Harry and Clarence's house. It was dark and locked up. No cars were in the driveway. He was relieved. That gave him some time to figure out how to approach John.
"Let's go see, but remember, quiet and sneaky like burglars," Carl reminded everyone.
"Some kook's been stalking me as I do my errands. He was in front of my flat this morning, I saw him at Waitrose as I did my shopping, and he was on the bus as I rode here. I can't shake him," John complained to Victor.
*****
Kitty entered the living room. Sylvia came in holding two glasses of lemonade. "Molly, who's this?"
The detective said nothing, as he came closer and watched Rosie happily knead the mixture. He could smell the fresh crispness of the peppermint, and he took a deep breath, enjoying the sharp scent.
The hostess looked at it and nodded. "Yeah, that's one of our matchbooks. Gordie gives them out to the patrons at the bar."
As the day's events replayed in her head, that niggling feeling came back to her again. It was if her brain was trying to tell her something, but what? She sighed in frustration and closed her eyes, trying to focus.
Mike saw John peering at Sherlock. "That's Sherlock Holmes. He comes in to St. Bart's quite a bit, gets body parts from Molly so he can experiment on them. He's a genius. He consults with the Yard on cases. Certified genius he is."
"We still have some time left, is there anything else you'd like to do?" John asked.
John couldn't help but smile. He still considered himself average, even though plenty of alphas before Sherlock (and some after Sherlock) had shown appreciation for his appearance. "Thanks Sally. But I'm still gonna pass on the pics. I'll just wait patiently right here and ooh and ahh over the final products."
The reception was a success. The speeches were short and sweet, Angelo's food was outstanding, and everyone was enthralled with Sherlock and John's dance to "Unforgettable" played by Mycroft and Lady Smallwood. Mrs. Holmes shed a tear at the sight.
"I talked to Greg this morning," Irene purred.
John saw two brown-haired young adults eyeing him with interest. "John, this is Theo and Sophie."
"Thank you Doctor," Wanda said, tears of joy forming in her eyes.
He finished the rest of his drink and set the glass down on the floor. As he turned around, he saw a tall, extremely good-looking younger man with a halo of dark curls, wearing a dark purple dress shirt rolled up to the elbows, unbuttoned to reveal a creamy, lovely long neck. He had on black dress slacks, and black loafers, which looked very Italian and very expensive.
“Thanks James.” Dave and John watched as the car pulled away from the side of the road, and into the rainy night.
As everyone left and headed for home in the rain, a lone figure watched them from across the street in a dark alley with intense hatred.
"Of course he'll go to med school, with both parents and John as doctors," Sherlock confidently declared.
John gave him his best 'what the fuck look.' "Seriously Sherlock? Three kids have been murdered and a married father is visiting gay male hookers on the side, and that's your reaction? You're unbelievable."
Another day in Sherrinford was coming to a close. It had been a quiet and peaceful day. School was starting tomorrow and parents and kids were getting ready to head back to class. The families of Phillip Anderson and Sally Donovan were planning a joint funeral. And somewhere, a killer was watching---and waiting.
Wanda, Harry, and Clarence were thrilled to see John enjoying himself and talking with his friends about their plans for the last week of summer before school. He, Molly, Greg, and Victor were going to go to the sock hop at the community center next Saturday, and were going to go clothes shopping and have lunch together. Wanda was relieved to have her son back, the fun-loving, carefree John that existed before Sherlock Holmes laid eyes on him. She just hoped that situation was gone and buried.
"Sometimes I think how nice it would be to have a fresh start with a new one, especially with a woman as sweet and low maintenance as Molly. But like I said, we're not ready to go down that route yet."
His parents were horrified when they got the visit from Officer Morstan about Sherlock being in jail and the events that led to his arrest. They knew nothing of John Watson. They really knew nothing of their childrens’ comings and goings since moving to Sherrinford. The policeman calmly but gruffly warned them that perhaps they should start paying attention. He didn’t know that their lack of parenting was part of what drove them to California in the first place. So they decided to let Sherlock stay in jail, promising to collect him in the morning.
Soon Sherlock and John succumbed to sleep, each dreaming of the happy and wonderful days and years ahead they would be together, especially of all the February 14th's to come.
As Molly began to recall her story, John got up and headed straight for Sherlock. He could see the greaser’s face develop an arrogant smirk, which John was all too happy to remove.
"Mmm-hmm and that's in an hour and a half. Make sure you eat before we leave."
Sherlock pressed a kiss to John's blond head. "It was the best night of my life too."
"So they're actually stepping up and being parents," Keith Hawkins retorted. "It's about time. They had my Janine spooked something awful. She's having a slumber party this weekend and I don't want those freaks anywhere near it."
Sherlock nodded, grateful for that. He'd been so lonely after his husband Victor passed away that he was vulnerable, and allowed Sebastian into his life not knowing until six months into the relationship the other man was just interested in Sherlock's money and nothing else. When Sherlock and his children discovered cash missing out of not only his checking account, but the twins' trust funds, they traced it back to the duplicitous boyfriend and threw him out of the house. They were also able to recover the stolen money which Sebastian had put into a separate, secret account. Sebastian ultimately ended up in jail in France thanks to a warrant the French police had on him for check fraud.
"Hi Angelo. It's good to see you up and about," John told him warmly.
As the two let sleep overtake them, it continued to storm, as if the rain was washing away the dirt and grime of their old life together, replacing it with a new and clean fresh life together.
"Well, I may be wanted, but do
"Nice to meet you John. Bye!" Mandy winked and giggled at him, and her friends began to drag her down the beach. John watched them, obviously talking about him. Harry just laughed and shook her head. "I can't take you anywhere without you attracting someone. First it was the waitress last night at Pink's, and now that giggling girl."
“Since today. I met her at Regent’s Park. You should have seen her take on Big Seb.”
Billy's stomach lurched, but he remained calm. "Why did you do it? The police feel it was because Sally was black and Phillip was white. Do you have something against interracial dating?"
John sat down in a white plush armchair, gazing around the waiting room. There were blown-up photos of good-looking men and women hung on the walls, along with photos of various nature scenes and landscapes. Whoever this Victor Trevor was, he was very talented.
"He knew that it was my first time working at the hotel and seemed to know I was a dom. It caught me off guard, but he was so busy rattling off at the mouth that I just waved it off." John shook his head and took a sip of his Earl Grey. "I think I dodged a bullet becoming his flatmate."
The living room was a little chilly so Sherlock made a fire. He also made himself a cup of tea, and kicked off his shoes before settling down lengthwise on the sofa with his laptop. He plugged his earbuds into the jack and went to his favorite classical radio station website online to stream their broadcast. Soon his ears were filled with the sounds of Vivaldi, and he began to really relax.
Dave Tennant's wife is meant to be none other than Donna Noble. Sorry peeps, not a Rose Tyler fan!
Sherlock dropped his cigarette, looking right at John Watson. Behind him were Sherrinford and Eurus, with big shit-eating grins on their faces.
"My dad was a cook in the Army." A flicker of sadness crossed his face as an image of his father flashed in his mind. John was the spitting image of Ham Watson with the broad shoulders, golden hair, and sapphire eyes.
Sherlock replied by leaning down and softly pressing his lips to John's. There was no need for possessiveness and roughness tonight. He was here to comfort John and make him feel safe and loved, which he was.
Sherlock snorted. "Faith in the police is not what I have John. They have nothing to go on except for that asinine theory that Sally Donovan and Phillip Anderson were murdered because of their race."
"Yeah Big Seb. We're going. We can't keep those little foxes waiting! Come on you goons!" Carl clapped Big Seb on the shoulder and he and the rest of the gang followed him out of the driveway. Sebastian watched them leave, and he quickly closed the door. He had much better things to do tonight, and most of them involved being on top of his little Henry.
"I did, and now I'm actually hungry. Is dinner ready?"
Rosie was slowly recovering from a bad head cold. Her fever had broken earlier this afternoon but she still had very little energy so she slept most of the day. John had been back and forth checking on her.
"It's amazing the kid is still alive," one paramedic said to his partner, who nodded. "Let's see if we can keep him alive."
"Me too." Sherlock kissed him again. "How's your day been?"
Sherlock watched amused as John got the garment and held it out in front of him. "What do you think?"
The bar was a long L-shaped table with a shiny black marble top. Shelves of liquors, both high-top and lesser brands, were displayed invitingly behind the bar. Two fridges on either side housed bottles of beer and other alcoholic drinks.
Sherlock shook his head. "No John, I have a feeling Sally and Phillip's murders are just the beginning. There will be more victims, I can feel it."
"Yeah. Bagged two rabbits and a deer. Then I just ran through the countryside most of the night before kipping in a building near the Thames. How about you?"
There was a few seconds of silence before he spoke again. "Well, I won't keep you. Goodbye Mrs. Winstead." He began to leave, and then he quickly turned to face Harry again. "If you do change your mind about John visiting Sherlock, he's at Cedars-Sinai on Beverly Boulevard."
“The name’s Sherlock and my address is 221 Baker Street,” he replied with a wink.
"Hmm, I think sentiment has affected him too, thanks to Greg," John answered coyly.
He started to think about the news reports on the attacks. Many of the women never got a good look as they were confronted from behind, but all the victims knew it was a man, and taller than them. The guy at the bar looked to be 6'1, and was in decent physical shape.
The Sherrinford Community Center was the scene for mayhem last Saturday night when an unknown maniac fatally and brutally stabbed two attendees of the annual Back-To-School Sock Hop.
This time Sebastian smiled. "'Cause Pop thinks sneaking up on the girls is good practice for when I join the Army. 'Tactical maneuvers' he calls it. For me, it's got nothing to do with seeing girls in their jammies, or maybe lack of. And, there are worse things I could be doing on a Saturday night."
"What did that nut say about my daughter?" Sylvia demanded.
Lucy switched off the radio and sat down next to her husband, taking his hand and squeezing it, trying to comfort him. "Harold, what I'm about to say is going to be difficult, because it also involves you...and what's been going on with the murders."
John exchanged hellos with some of his football teammates as he made his way towards homeroom. The halls were crowded with fellow students either walking to their classes, hanging out and talking, or at lockers gathering books.
*****
"Yes, I remember you John Watson. What do you want?"
Sherlock grinned at his mate. "Already taken care of." He made a sweeping gesture towards the kitchen.
"Oh? Like what?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock pulled his copy of Hamlet out of his duffel bag and began to read as he waited for his bus to be called. He had read the play at least twenty times but it was never boring to him. He loved its story of madness, jealousy and lust. Themes that never got old, themes that mirrored what had played out in Sherrinford over the last few days.
"John," he whispered, and consumed the other boy's soft lips again. When he was done, he gazed at John with awe. "You're amazing, you know that?"
"It's not the money that's bad Carl, it's you. I'm the one that doles out the pain, not the clients. If you don't like it, take your business somewhere else," the woman in black retorted.
*****
"Very good Private Haines. You're being so good for your Captain. I think you can take a little bit more of this can't you?"
The two went back inside the disco, Sherlock still holding John's hand.
"Sherrinford Slayer...oh, that's the utterly ridiculous name that reporter gave the killer," Sherlock replied dismissively.
Dave was surprised at Sebastian's candor. "I take any assault serious."
even bother. I'm going after him. You can stay here alone, like always." With a huff, she stormed away, not seeing the guilt and hurt in Sherlock's eyes.
"Christ, that was brilliant," John breathed. "I have an older sister Harry, short for Harriet, that's been on and off the wagon ever since she was seventeen. My father was also an alcoholic, and he drank himself to death. My sister unfortunately seems to be following in his footsteps. I vowed not to continue the family tradition. I like a pint every now and then, but you're right, not when I'm working. I catch flak for it, Sally and the other bartenders call me a goody-goody, but I don't care."
Veronica composed herself. She noticed John's apprehension but ignored it. "Hello, I'm Veronica Holmes, Sherlock's mother. You must be John Watson."
*****
John lifted an eyebrow. "Really?"
"Dull. I don't even know why Lestrade even called me on it," Sherlock retorted, and proceeded to go into a lengthy rant about boring jewel store robbers.
"Mr. Wilkes, has your wife pulled any disappearing acts like this before?"
John began to feel uneasy. He'd heard other stories from his friends about how creepy she was. He would have to choose his words carefully.
When it was time to cut the cake, baked by Molly's mother, Sherlock groaned and John amused by the otter and hedgehog cake toppers made out of fondant that matched the painting on the banner. The rest of the cake was a small confection with three heart-shaped tiers stacked together, frosted in white buttercream with a simple scroll pattern on the edges of the hearts. "I told Molly's mom to keep it simple," John had told Sherlock. "But the toppers apparently were her and Molly's idea."
John heard a familiar set of footsteps climbing the seventeen steps to the flat and he smiled, burrowing further into the blanket. The door opened, and it was his tall, gorgeous husband, who removed his Belstaff, shaking it out and hanging it up on the coat rack by the door. Sherlock saw John on the sofa and grinned, he knew it had been a successful night with Rosie and her friend. He walked over, and bent down to kiss him.
John's popular and Sherlock's an idiot.
"What do you believe?" the killer challenged.
Sherlock pulled John into his arms and kissed him again, silently sending a thank you to the man that started it all, now connected permanently with a new life, a new beginning. In some ways, Mike Stamford was the true genius.
John saw Mary standing beside a car taking an order. It was the only customer in the lot. He got out, waved to his friend, and walked to the side door that led to the small kitchen, where Angelo was working.
He heard a deep chuckle, and he almost jumped out of his skin. He snapped his eyes open, and standing next to him was what could be described as sex on two legs. The boy was much taller than John, his black hair slicked back except for one curl that rest against his forehead. Lean but muscular legs were wrapped in tight blue jeans, and he wore a black leather jacket over a very fitted black T-shirt. He gazed intensely at John, a smirk on his full pink lips which a cigarette was dangling from. But it was those eyes, catlike with swirls of blue, green, and gray…
Sebastian and Jim are both 28 years old.
"You'll never turn me off. As a matter of fact, you keep turning me on."
Molly nodded but for some reason, there was something niggling at the back of her mind, and she couldn't figure out what it was, or why she had that feeling.
With a wide smile, she turned around and sauntered away, hips swaying like a palm tree caught in a slow summer breeze. Janine chuckled again and shook her head, then went back inside to continue preparing for the party.
John arrived home in the early evening. Sherlock was there, having already solved the case. He got up to greet him, kissing his cheek.
John stood up. "Mr. Turing? I have a suggestion."
John smiled, turned, and kissed his alpha. "You're sweet." He turned back to Sebastian. "Is your Jim here yet?"
“I’m booking a session with Sherlock. Maybe if I’ll do he’ll stop following me around,” John explained. “Keep him in line for you.”
An hour later, Evie had complained again about her tummy, then promptly vomited all over herself and John’s loafers. John cleaned her up, scrubbed and sanitized his shoes, cleaned up a pile of sick after Evie had another bout of vomiting (he got her back to the tub just in time). Luckily there was no fever. John diagnosed her as having a typical bout of gastroenteritis, several other little ones at the nursery had gotten sick with it too over the last two weeks. He decided he would keep her home tomorrow, and would call out from work and reschedule his appointments.
John laughed. "The real surprise is keeping it from you. I wanted us to have a private place where we could cool off and de-stress during the summer, and where Rosie could learn how to safely swim and play."
John smirked, knowing the answer would rile up his husband. “It’s called thinking-with-your-knot syndrome.”
Sherlock chuckled. "Good thing you weren't at school today. They were serving tuna boats with cheese."
Once he was outside in front of John's house, he strapped on his helmet, revved up his bike, and sped for home. When he got there, he learned dinner had been canceled. Eurus had come down with the dreaded virus. Sherlock couldn't help but smile to himself, as she rightly deserved a few days of vomiting and discomfort for being a horrible sister.
"I love you too sweetheart." Sylvia kissed her daughter again and left the room. Molly lay back on her bed and stared out the window. The skies were blue and a few puffy white clouds were drifting by. Maybe a walk outside would make her feel better and clear her head. She left her bedroom, and padded down the hall to the bathroom where she splashed some cold water on her face and fixed her hair. She took out the rubber bands, letting her hair hang loose. She ran her hands through it, smoothing it out. Satisfied with her appearance, she exited the bathroom and walked downstairs, and out the door.
Suddenly Sherlock's eyes snapped open. He turned his head towards the two teachers, focusing his gaze on John, who felt like he was a prize on display at a raffle. "Uh, hello, I'm John Watson," he said quietly.
Once everyone was settled into seats, he began. "Good evening everyone. So let's get started. I think this is all that's coming tonight. Several other parents expressed interest, but couldn't make it to due to work or family commitments, and my wife is home taking care of two sick kiddos."
"Screw Homecoming and screw Molly Hooper. We don't need 'em," Marty defiantly slurred.
John walked towards his mother's car in the parking lot of The Big H carrying two big paper bags and a pizza box that sat on top. Mrs. Hudson had loaded him down with chicken tenders, french fries, a couple of cheesesteak subs and a large pepperoni pizza. His mom Wanda watched from the driver's seat, laughing at seeing her short son haul out all that food. She stepped out of the car, taking the pizza box and bags and putting them in the back seat. "I think you're set for the rest of the week!" she joked.
"Wonderful!" Irene exclaimed happily. "When can you meet with Molly and I?"
The Holmes siblings follow their sociopathic hearts while some of the other Sherrinford boys plot to crash a certain party.
Sherlock was flabbergasted. That was an actual, credible, intelligent argument. Sherlock hardly heard a response like that. Typically it was just insults like, cock, prick, fag, or threats by parents to have him ousted from the school. Hardly anybody, apart from his brother or Jim or Molly, tried to engage him so coherently. And he wanted more of it.
"Sherl, how about you deduce some of the patrons in here, I know you're itching to," Janine purred, wrapping an arm around Irene, who kissed her on the cheek.
"You got it." John looked down at his shoes, then back at Sherlock. "Look, I know this may be forward, but I'm off tomorrow night. I was supposed to work but BBC's doing a live remote, and I was wondering if you'd like---"
John saw Sherlock and his mouth dropped open, blue eyes flashing with desire at the sight of the tall, impossibly beautiful creature in front of him. He looked amazing. "Wow, how can you look even more gorgeous," he breathed.
"I'd love to doll, but I can't stay overnight. Not yet anyway. I'll come back tomorrow." He kissed her again.
Until now.
"That's good," Sherlock replied. "I know how worried you were. This virus has so many on edge."
Dave and Officer Sholto looked at him sympathetically. "Did you ever leave your bedroom after that?"
"We'll definitely return to do a stakeout. I don't trust the Yard to people watch like we do."
"You know John, if you get bored of being The Captain, you could be The Army Doctor and start doing cavity searches," Warren joked.
Instead, he replied “I’m a bit hungry myself. Have you been to The Big H yet?”
“They are not antics Grant. You know perfectly well I am on the case of these serial slayings, and John is a potential target due to his appearance,” Sherlock snapped, finding his voice and vocabulary again.
"We have an older brother. His first name is William but he goes by Sherlock, one of his two middle names. He would be here with us but he has a major crush on you so he chickened out," Eurus explained matter-of-factly.
"Hi Jody. Christ, what a night. First the attack at The Big H, and now this. When is this madness going to end?"
"Irene, you know I dig you babe, but in 'just another one of those days', you're going to steam the wrong person and you'll regret it. Just because you're head cheerleader doesn't mean you also need to be head bitch," Kate advised her.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John lightly on the lips. "I love you too. Now, let's get some sleep so we can wake up in time for dinner. Does chicken noodle soup and grilled cheese sound okay?"
The two women chose a 20's art deco theme for their celebration and decided to dress as flappers. Both were art students and had fallen in love with the style while studying at uni. Mycroft had offered to host their wedding and reception at the Diogenes Club. No expense was spared to turn one of the ballrooms into a 1920's dance hall, complete with a band that played both classic and modern music. Wedding guests were encouraged to dress as if they were at a fancy party in the 20's.
"You know I never meant for it to happen Sherlock! I loved Sheridan!" she cried.
"Nurse?" John said, a little confused.
John couldn't help but blush a little. "I like him too. I'd figure he'd be more open and accepting of it than someone else."
Wanda smiled sadly and hugged John again. "I know honey."
The four crowded into the tiny room. "Pretty homey John," Victor expressed.
He began to quickly type.
"I don't think she liked what you had to say Marty," Art gibed.
John may have been sentimental but he was also very shrewd. With Valentine's Day being a Wednesday, that meant having a smaller, less fussier ceremony that wasn't going to be an all day affair, which would mean a high probability of Sherlock getting bored by the end of it all, and John knew better than anyone putting up with a bored Sherlock was not fun to witness.
He was undeterred. There was something enticing about this girl. “Perhaps we can go back to my house and you can call your mother from there. I could play the piano for you while you wait.”
He heard the sound of a motorcycle approaching and he knew it was Sherlock. John got up and made his way towards the front yard. He saw him get off his bike and remove his helmet. John thought nobody could be that elegant getting off a motorcycle, but Sherlock was.
"Well, well well, look who we have here. Molly "Mouse" Hooper. I'll never know why Carl liked you," Marty sneered. The other boys snickered. Molly just rolled her eyes, but said nothing.
Greg frowned a little. "Do you think we should get another dog Dad? A guard dog? Sarge is great, but he's too friendly with strangers."
John's eyes went wide. "No way! You'll have to tell me all about it over dinner."
John's face turned a light shade of pink and he looked down at the floor. "Uh, I might have mentioned to her that we call each other otter and hedgehog."
"Who's hiding?" The girls all turned to see John enter the main room, a wide grin on his face.
"I think this meeting can be adjourned." Irene stood up, with Molly joining her.
"Yeah." Janine looked steadily at her friend. "Are you okay? I know it's only been a week since you and Greg---"
"Point taken," Eurus calmly responded. "It still won't stop me from being with Jimmy, and he's due here soon. You may want to find somewhere else to be."
"Sherlock, stop denying you're sick, and get into bed. You need your rest."
"I'll come, unless I get a client who wants a morning appointment, or Evie can't go to nursery. It was nice being around guys who share similar experiences, know what you go through with the nightmares and the triggers that set off your PTSD."
"I know. Still wanna do it?" John asked.
Sherlock wondered how John put up with him after all these years. The detective knew he was hard to handle. He was stubborn, arrogant, impatient---qualities most people wouldn't put up with, and especially in a relationship. Some of the Yarders had even told Sherlock point blank how lucky he was to have John, because anyone else would get fed up with his attitude and leave. Sherlock knew he was extremely lucky. John had the patience of a saint. Several saints actually. But Sherlock knew John loved him unconditionally, and Sherlock loved John the same way.
John took Sherlock's hand and kissed it softly. "Well, you are. I love you so much Sherlock Watson-Holmes."
"You look different Sherlock, but I like it," Greg finally said.
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg watched a stream of guests enter the ballroom. His eyes gravitated towards a short, but muscular blond man about his age, wearing a slim cut navy pinstripe suit. He was laughing, engaged in conversation with a taller brunet wearing a black suit, black pants, and pale blue shirt, open at the neck. He thought about his brother-in-law Sherlock, and his attraction to short blond men. This one would be right up his alley. Unfortunately, Sherlock also liked short blond men who were on the shady side. He'd always had a danger streak.
“A simple case of self defense. You came at me first. And I have a witness.” She motioned towards Jim. “You'll vouch for me, won’t you?”
"Can you ground a two-year old?" Greg asked. "I think it should be allowed."
Sherlock shook his head as he followed Greg to the crime scene. "John's out of town visiting his sister. She called him yesterday afternoon begging him to come, Clara left her again, and she threatened to start drinking again."
"Can't argue with that," John replied.
"I'll check it out Sebastian. Thank you for coming down."
*****
Sherlock pouted. "I have a reputation to maintain. Everyone is used to seeing me dress impeccably."
Sherlock followed John, the afternoon breeze whipping around him as rode his bike, feeling free and happy for the first time in a long time. He and John had found steady ground and John got him into Mrs. Stubbs' history class. Mr. Firth decided not to pursue further action against Sherlock (because Sherlock was right about his after school activities).
Sherlock had first scoffed about getting married Valentine's Day. They had only been engaged since Christmas Eve, and Sherlock wasn't too keen on Valentine's Day as a whole because of the crass commercialism of the holiday. But John had chosen it for their wedding day because it was the day his omega grandmother married her alpha husband, and they had been together for almost sixty years before passing away in their sleep together. Sherlock, used to not being one for sentiment, had to admit it was a sweet and romantic story, and he wanted many years of wedded bliss with John.
His wardrobe consisted of jeans, a few khaki and navy trousers, T-shirts, some button-downs, and plenty of jumpers and light pullovers. Wearing a heavy army uniform for a few years made him appreciate comfort a lot.
"Aw, come on Molly. I don't bite...hard." He motioned for her to get in.
After the three were out of sight, Sherlock got up from the bench, adjusted his ball cap, and set off in the other direction. He wanted to see as much of Los Angeles while he could while the sun was still out.
*****
Rosie appeared, and squealed when she saw John. "Daddy!" she cried happily, running towards him. "It's snowing whole lots!"
"Why should anybody tell me anything when I know all of it?" Sherlock bragged.
Sherlock vehemently shook his head, striding over to John and taking him into his arms. "Oh John, is this why you've been so down lately? I knew something was amiss but I didn't want to ask you because I didn't want to upset you." He peered down into John's blue eyes. "You are not an ugly omega. You are handsome, you are strong, you are funny, you are beautiful, you tolerate my strops and moods. Don't even think for a second I'd want anyone else. You are
"WHAT???"
The song John auditions to is Magic Fly by Space:
Greg made a funny face. "Captain Aubergine?"
A few moments later, Gloria slowly opened her eyes, squinting at the dim lights above her. The last thing she remembered was putting her head down on the floor after taking a bunch of Valium, feeling like she was trapped in a fog. She turned her head and saw her husband next to her, holding her hand. She turned again and saw Sebastian and Henry cuddled up together.
"You sure you don't want to go to the sock hop, just for a little while?" Henry asked.
"No. I'm here visiting a friend, but it seems he isn't home." He pointed to the well-kept small white one-story.
Clarence took the lead and led everyone into his home. Now he had to tell Harry...and John. This was not going to end well.
"I'm heading to the sock hop at the community center brother mine," Sherlock answered in a tone that implied Mycroft was stupid for even asking.
"Yes, I know, it's horrible, horrible news. Combined with the torching of the church and these killings---well, our lovely little beach town has had a lot to deal with. But we are strong, and we're going to get through this. I have faith that this madman will be caught and we can recover from this nightmare. And we're going to show this madman that his heinous acts will not get the better of the students and staff at Culverton Smith High."
again," John replied with a laugh.
The alpha grinned at John, and Bill nodded. "Okay. If you think he's cool, so will I." He turned to the alpha. "I'm Bill Murray. He held out his hand.
"Oh Robert, I hope the police catch this maniac before Homecoming, that's a month away," Shirley lamented.
"Hey babe, you still in the tub? You're gonna be a wrinkled prune if you stay in there any longer! Come on out love, I've got lunch!" John's cheerful voice rang out.
*****
Sherlock's face fell. "Yes, I see your point. So what do we do, wait for the murderer to strike again?
Wanda watched fondly as John went into the kitchen and began to make his snack, pleasant memories of she, Ham, John, and Harriet buying their bags of popcorn at the drive- in and watching the latest movies. When she and Ham had a little extra leftover in their paycheck, they would go to the drive-in as a treat. She and her husband would stay in the car while the kids sat in front on a blanket.
Jeff snorted. "Says the guy who diddles other guys. At least what we're doing is normal, male teenage behavior---"
John grinned and replied back. I'm on my way to the restaurant now.
John hung up the phone. "Speaking of eating, is that bacon done yet Mom?"
"I'm heading down to the
"Yeah, if it weren't for my wife, my friends, and this veterans' group, I'd probably be in a mental hospital. Come on, let's start heading there. I think you'll really like it," Luke answered.
“Okay John, how about a penny for
The phone rang again. Sherlock answered it, probably John again. "Hello...oh hello Jim, she's here. Hold on." Sherlock rolled his eyes at Eurus. "It's your boyfriend."
John, Valerie, Lucy, and Jordan bid each other goodbye. John was even more grateful he didn't have to come back until Thursday. He decided to catch a taxi for home instead of going on the tube as it was still raining and he didn't feel like walking to the station. By the time he got to Baker Street, it was three-thirty. Once he was inside, he got out of his wet jacket, took off his shoes, changed into a well-worn and comfy pair of jeans, and maroon waffle knit shirt. He went into the kitchen cabinet, reaching for the bottle of Macallan scotch that Mycroft had gifted he and Sherlock for Christmas. They only drank it for special occasions, but John decided surviving a bomb scare was a good enough reason to indulge in a little bit of expensive booze.
*****
"I don't need this kind of fame," Billy replied soberly.
"I'm sorry if I didn't believe you at first. What did you want to tell me?" She quickly pressed her recorder that was hooked up to her phone. Her boss had bought it for her after she started receiving weird calls from a man that turned out to be someone she interviewed for a story on a Fourth of July celebration.
Mike nodded and stood up. "Yeah John, we'll just keep it rolling along."
*****
Rosie followed her father inside and while she started assembling the groceries, John retrieved his tablet from the countertop and turned it on, sitting down. After a few moments, he was online and signing into his Your Turn account. His profile loaded, featuring a nice picture taken of him at Regent's Park by the pond. He was wearing a navy blue hoodie with Dartmoor printed across the middle, jeans, and navy blue loafers with no socks. Underneath his picture was his name, his age (sixty), that he was a retired trauma surgeon living in London, enjoying riding his bike, spending time with his daughter, listening to the Beatles, blues, and classic R&B, and working in his garden. He was looking for a man or woman in their late fifties or early sixties, preferably local, who also enjoyed music and outdoor activities.
*****
The cab pulled up in front of St. Bart's. The driver was paid and two men exited the vehicle. One tall, with curls that held a mixture of dark and grey, wearing a well-worn Belstaff and bespoke suit. The other shorter, sporting a full head of distinguished silver, dressed in an olive parka, brown cords, and maroon jumper.
"Hey Harry! Some guy's coming to the door!" he called out to his sister who was the in the kitchen.
He almost dropped the receiver when he heard that seductive low baritone answer him through the line. "John," Sherlock breathed. "Oh, I'm so glad it's you that answered. I know I shouldn't be calling there, but I had to. I miss you."
An attractive strawberry blonde teenage girl noticed John struggling to put sunblock on his back and walked up to him. "Need some help?" she asked in a friendly tone.
John nodded. "That's true. But I guess it's time to leave the dangerous detecting life behind. I want to enjoy my golden years with you."
Irene snorted. "I don't want you back Greg. Christ, men have such egos." She leaned back and ran an expertly manicured hand through her hair. "I just want you to know that Molly is not the good little girl you think she is."
*****
You all are loving John the Dom!
"Well, I believe that kids learn best and are more eager to learn when things are hands on. You can make them read a textbook, or watch documentaries, but it's more exciting when they're actively participating. At least that's how it was for me when I was a kid," John explained.
"He said he saw Carl Powers harass Molly the day of the murder, and it made him angry."
"I already know. Eurus told me everything during free period."
"Shut it you. No lectures, and no spoiling the plot," John interrupted with a pointed look on his face.
Sherlock kissed John back on the lips. "Anything for you John." Then he frowned. Sebastian's scent, although faint, still lingered on John. "I can smell him."
Jim leaned down to give him a kiss. "You need me to help you onto your bath chair?"
"I like Henry. He's been through a lot," Molly remarked.
"You really think so Mom?"
Sherlock left, weaving his way through the crowd. John tried---and failed---to not ogle Sherlock's shapely behind under those tight-fitting pants. He was definitely a looker, but John knew he'd never have a chance. What would someone that good-looking and posh want with a scarred Army vet with PTSD and working at a place he obviously didn't care for? No, he'd help him on his case, and that would be the end.
Sherlock looked at him sharply. "Oh don't play Mister Innocent with me John. You want me just as much as I want you."
John put the bullhorn to his lips. "Close your eyes soldier! Remain still and silent!" he barked through the horn. Warren barely flinched, eyes shut and lips pursed tight.
"Why go after Jeff? Why kill his friends, and burn down the church and the old mansion?" Harold wanted to know.
As Sherlock walked towards the entrance, suddenly the doors flew open. A young man fell to the floor, covered in blood, holding his stomach with both hands, a crimson stream flowing from between his fingers.
The last couple days of December had been some of the best in Sherlock's twenty years. He'd dumped his cheating boyfriend on Christmas Eve and found a wonderful new boyfriend in John three days later. When Sherlock returned the shirt he'd bought Victor, John had exchanged it for a lovely aubergine one just for him. And Sherlock had worn it on their first date to Angelo's later that afternoon.
"I had fun talking to Billy Wiggins, but I wanted to hear a different voice so I figured I'd call you since you're reporting my handiwork to the hypocrites of this town."
He just wished he was great
Sherlock stood behind John, long arms wrapped around the shorter man's chest, smiling down at the lovebites covering his sides of his neck. Sherlock was proud he put those marks of possession on John. It was to show everyone that brave soldier was his, and his alone. Nobody could ever know the depth of love he had for his conductor of light. Nobody except John.
"Better gone on medicine than gone for real." Lucy set her mouth in a grim line. "I wonder what possessed him to run out of the house, into the street, during a rainstorm?"
Harold shook his head. "Everything else before that is a blur."
John replied.
"Hey Mom. You're home early," John said, getting up to help her. He took two bags and carried them into the kitchen.
Sherlock gently cupped John's chin with his hand. "I don't want you to be sad John. I want to see you happy and full of life. You're my sun, my conductor of light." He bent down and kissed him tenderly.
"It was Angelo and Mrs. Hudson."
The Sherrinford Community Center, now a makeshift church, was welcome refuge for Gloria, Sebastian, and Henry. The former two were in total shock and dismay after hearing from both Dave Morstan and Henry that Richard, their beloved husband and father respectively, was more than likely The Sherrinford Slayer.
"Well, he decided to extend hours to 7:00 pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays, which I understand will be convenient to patients who work past five, but on those days he also changed the opening hours to 7:00 am. Those are going to be long, draining days for everyone. He's also considering opening on Saturdays too. Valerie already told him she can't do Saturdays because she has to babysit her grandson while her daughter does home care. I think he'll get enough pushback on keeping the clinic closed on Saturdays, there are already a couple of urgent cares in the city that are open seven days a week."
“I thought she liked working here?” John asked.
"Hello Warren this is John. You're requesting a ninety-minute session, and you're available anytime this week after four-thirty? Let me check my calendar and see if I have any time...oh yes, I have this Thursday at five. You would be my last client of the evening. Is there anything special you'd like? A bullhorn? That won't be a problem. I'll see you then. Good afternoon Warren, I'm looking forward to our time together."
"Good soldier, very good. I know you can handle a harder press."
Sherlock broke out into a smile. "Thank you Greg. That would be most appreciative."
"We're acquaintances. I have access to the morgue at St. Bart's."
Rosie's nursery had been hit with the usual autumn cases of severe colds and respiratory viruses, and Rosie had come down with a very bad head cold. Sherlock and John had kept her home, with the detective caring for the four year-old while John decided to go out and do shopping and run errands since he had Fridays off at the clinic. Little Watson-Holmes was a sleepy, whiny patient, and Sherlock had done everything he could to comfort her, by playing lullabies on his violin, cuddling with her on the couch and watching Disney movies, and reading her stories. Mrs. Hudson had made chicken noodle soup for the two of them, which Sherlock was extremely appreciative for.
You'll find out what happened at the Wilkes home in the next chapter!
"I can do some of my own, especially when it comes to you love. Being married to you these last few years, I've come to be familiar with your habits. It's all fine and I love you." John tried to placate him with another kiss, and he knew it worked when he saw Sherlock's mouth quirk up to a small grin.
