Bucky pushed Tony off him and picked Steve up by the scruff of his uniform and pointed a gun at him.
Tony's heart seized. He was found out. Bucky guessed the truth. What gave him away??
“It’s how I feel,” Steve whispered, his words heavy with emotion. Steve lightly touched one of Tony’s forearms and Tony did not flinch back this time. Steve continued, “I love you, Tony Stark…”
Peter slept through the night. No nightmares or lingering fears about the reveal of his identity kept him up.
They both heard the front door close and several minutes after that Peter felt himself slip into complete ease with Wade. Neither of them were going back to sleep any time soon and he felt Wade fingers begin to caress circles into his skin. Their naked bodies were pressed against each other as well so it didn’t take Peter’s dick all that long to start to harden. He wordless began to rub his hips into Wade’s and he felt Wade’s lower regions react nearly instantly.
“Hi,” Peter replied shyly.
“That’s love Petey,” Steve explained. “That’s what you’re feeling and you don’t have to be father and son to love someone. Your Uncle Ben loves you and I bet you love him too,” Steve said with a knowing smirk to his son. Peter grinned in agreement and Steve explained, “Uncle Bucky is here because he loves me and…I love him…
Tony nodded then joined his friend on the longue chair. Steve scooted aside to make room for him but it was still a tight fit and Tony would snuggly fit between Steve’s thigh and the arm of the longue chair. Steve’s eyes were shifting around them nervously. He kept looking up at the buildings that circled the yard as if he expected to see the people watching them pop out at any moment.
It took Steve a little over a week to fully recover. He slept a lot and ate a lot and spent all of his waking moments with Tony. True to his word, Tony helped him fill in the gaps to his memory and his reminiscing even triggered Steve to remember things himself.
The few seconds that passed seemed to take an eternity.
They made love again and again. As he rocked his hips against Tony, he happened to notice something on his chest and paused mid-thrust.
Tony replied in his static Iron Man voice but Steve could hear the confidence in his tone as he stated, “I will think of something.”
Steve grasped his arm and murmured, “Are you sure you two did not break up badly?”
“It’s fine! He loves to help!”
As he approached the medical examiner, he asked, “Sir, how old was the DNA?”
It was the DNA evidence that scared him the most.
Tony shivered and reached out to Steve but he was no longer at his side. Tony tiredly patted the bed but there was no trace of Steve. He pushed himself up with a grumble and the light from his arc reactor lit up the room enough to show there was no sign of the super soldier.
“Hm?” Tony asked, lightly pulling Steve back into walking.
Tony’s emotions were all over the place as he watched Steve wound the cloth bandages around his chest. Steve observed, “You have a lot of scars…”
“…I’ll save you, Pops,” Peter promised in a whisper. Mary closed her eyes as a new emotion ran through her.
Steve weakly smiled at Sam. Two days ago he would have laughed and agreed Bucky was doomed to be Steve's overbearing big brother for the rest of his life...
“They’re not nightmares,” Tony murmured in explanation. “They’re memories…from the wormhole…” And that was all he explained but it was enough.
Steve chuckled as he was brought back to the past, when he had shaved Tony and Tony had mentioned the substance.
Tony should have reassured him. He should have told him that he was pretty sure he was in love with him too. He should have told him Steve was the only person who ever made Tony feel content which was a feat in itself since he was stuck in the past.
Steve rushed over to them and crouched beside Wade, gasping, “How is he??”
“I was thinking of watching one here in my apartment so if Peter wakes I won’t be too far,” Steve stated.
Eddie quickly pulled out his hardcover book on cell and molecular biology. It usually sat in Eddie's personal cubby beneath the table for easy access, if he wanted to refer to it. The thing was as thick as an English dictionary and Peter’s spidey-senses flared in warning. Peter could have easily dodged it but he then would have displayed his superhuman speed to most of the people in the room. Cursing Eddie, Peter raised his arm, tensing for the pain.
Pepper rolled her eyes and replied, "Oh, really? It looked more like you were looking for someone? Is there a more personal reason you happened to show up tonight?"
Steve was going to kiss him and there was no way in hell Tony was going to pretend it didn’t happen. Not again. Why would Steve pretend like nothing was happening between them??
Stane tossed his tablet into the car and sauntered up to the house.
She grasped his hand and gasped, “But what about
“Tony, I can’t do anything right now, the meat’s cooking,” Steve explained, motioning to the said product with his spatula.
Hill brought them into a private room and Steve halted at the door as soon as he saw the figure in the bed.
They were hiding under a table when Tony texted him, looking for a meetup and Peter muttered dejectedly, “I have to go.”
Steve chuckled and his gaze slipped back to Tony, smiling happily.
“Ste—.”
“Yes, that’s fine,” Steve said gently, he spared Tony a fleeting glance that was loaded with pity.
“Like what?? Put in a request?? It can take weeks and they can just deny it like they’ve been doing for my requests for my father’s work! No, the direct approach will work best!” Tony retorted and turned to the elevator to get his suit.
She gently grasped his hand and whispered, “You shouldn’t part with this looming over both of you…Tony is really sick. If you wait too long…”
Tony was pulling at his shirt and Bucky could make out broken bits of smoke escaping from his struggles.
“Oh my God. Forget everything I just said about Mandarin orange. I am leaving now just to glory in your reaction to banana hammocks.
“Everyone out right now, we need to talk to Peter privately.”
Mary Parker was avoiding the others and was staring at Steve with a concentrated gaze. Why was she here? Had she volunteered to come too? Or –…his thoughts trailed to a stop as he noticed the small form Mary supported on her arm.
Steve gave him a level look, but did not press Tony for any more details and, a few moments later, announced, “Done! And it works pretty well!”
Sam sighed and accepted the child saying, “I thought I saw Mandy upstairs with another orphan. I’ll see what she wants to do with this guy.”
After five minutes, the truth could no longer be denied. Steve tightened his hold on Peter and gasped, “He’s gone, Peter. Oh God, he’s gone…”
“When?” Peter scoffed, “You know I always beat you at this game!”
He wasn’t surprised by her upset or anger. It was ingrained in them by the Academy to hate the United States. The night was tense and the vodka was the only thing that had united them.
“Are you sure that's safe?” Steve asked.
“Yes,” she replied evenly.
Yet, no matter how much Venom ate, he could not quench his hunger. It was an endless cycle of eating and hungering. He was damned. The Goblin had done something wrong and flawed the symbiote’s genetic code. It seemed as if he could never stop feeding.
Pepper returned in the meantime with a plateful of toast, some bananas, and a few water bottles. She sat everything down next to them and then sat on the other side of the table. She didn’t take her eyes off of Bucky and watched him like he was about to go crazy on them at any moment.
“I went back to a night you wrote about in your biography, Stark. The night your mentor betrayed you and you almost died if it were not for this?” The Goblin turned the device in his hand and everyone in the area held their breath. Steve’s eyes focused on it and felt his breathing grow shallow. Did…Did the Goblin go back to that night? Did he take that reactor before Tony could use it? What would that mean for Tony?? The Goblin continued, “Since you will never write your biography…I hypothesize someone else will probably write: ‘If only Stark’s original reactor did not disappear that fateful night, he might have lived.’”
Steve to diminish him further.
Their demeanors did not really change until Steve mentioned Peter’s creation.
Steve paused and stared at it half-surprised. His shock dissipated and he grinned at it like he was seeing an old friend. He bent down and his back muscles protest at the movement but he gritted his teeth and took it.
He lifted his gaze and promised, “Then I will see all of you in an hour…”
Peter groaned loudly and fell to his knees. Venom stirred and his hunger increased tenfold.
Steve closed his newspaper and asked, “What day is our anniversary? When we started ‘fake’ dating or when we told each other we loved each other?”
The detective forcibly turned Steve around and snapped cuffs onto his wrists behind his back. The cuffs would do nothing to stop him but Steve allowed himself to be manhandled. He looked over his shoulder and stared at Tony as they were being put on. The detective read him his Maranda Rights while Steve pretended he and Tony were the only ones there and gathered courage from his gaze.
“…Jarvis,” Tony whispered, his voice hoarse and barely distinguishable. Tears started to leak from his sealed eyes and began to run down his cheeks but he refused to open his eyes to make his crying easier. The tears was going to damage some of the circuitry in his mask but he did not care in the slightest. Tony gasped, “Bruce’s experiments showed that the symbiote could not stand heat…H-How hot did it get until it jumped off Steve? …Can my repulsors handle it?”
Steve nodded, smiling with delight, and breathlessly said, “Good luck.”
“Exit it,” Tony commanded and took a big gulp of coffee.
Natasha glanced up at him, keeping her head on his shoulder. She lightly asked, “What’s wrong?”
But the stranger walked out of his house, still laughing and then Tony was all alone.
their lives!”
“Do you think he has another time machine out there?” Steve asked nervously. Schmidt could do a lot of damage if he had the ability to change time.
Steve moved his crotch along Tony’s thigh and his breath hitched from the sudden stimulation. Tony’s free hand shot out and grasped Steve’s hip tightly. He gasped, “Steve??”
“Don’ hurted us!” Peter screeched.
“Yeah, when he knows he’s going to be hurt…” Steve mumbled uneasily, “I don’t have that. If it’s something that effects his mind shouldn’t you be able to see it on those brain scans?”
[Buzzkill.]
“I had been hoping you’d figure them both out on your own,” she replied, leaning against the doorframe. “…Do you remember anything? From before?”
. I thought I’d lose you too…
Steve’s eyes searched for Peter and he found him right where he left him, only this time he had a larger mound of sand in front of him.
Yet he held back, knowing he’d have a warrant out for his arrest as soon as he crossed the state line. He knew going against his bail agreement and being jailed would look really bad in a trial. The prosecution would paint him as a deviant who doesn’t follow the law. So Steve would stay there…and every person who was hurt or killed as a result would weigh heavily on his conscience for the rest of his life…
“Firstly, I want to thank you for what you did that night,” Peter murmured.
To Tony’s absolute horror, Steve’s face crumbled, and his eyes became glassy with unshed tears threatening to break free. Steve put his hand over Tony’s and pulled the hand from his beard in order to kiss his palm.
“I hate this…I just want to take all his pain away…” Tony groaned, hating the tiny teeth breaking through Peters gums.
He did not remember making love to anyone but his body and instincts seemed to know what to do and how to give his soulmate the most pleasure. Natasha writhed under him, making noises that went straight to his aching cock.
Steve stiffened and clenched his hands under the table.
Steve pulled back and whispered, “Your interview was amazing. Peter was glowing by the end.”
,” Steve soothed, running a hand down his side. Staring into Tony’s eyes, Steve stated, “I never doubted you’d be an amazing father. You are one of the most caring people I know.” Tony scoffed but Steve pressed, “You are, it’s one of the qualities about you that made me fall for you in the first place.” Steve gripped the back of Tony’s neck and pressed, “What happened between you and Howard will not happen again. You will be a great father.”
However, he soon he found himself just sketching simpler things like Tony's smiling face, the shine from the sweat on his shoulders, or the concentration in his hazel gaze…
Steve jumped in front of the Tyler’s swing and shifted over Tony to block him from further attack with his own body. She sliced his cheek and then immediately flinched back, shocked to having cut Steve. She probably never intended on hurting him as she was so enamored with him.
Tony wrapped his arm around Steve’s shoulder and Steve continued, “B-But just now I dreamed about you, about today, and-and you had died, really died and it was so much worse – Bucky died because of me and I couldn’t live with myself if you had died because of me too!”
Just one shot.
“We’re…friends,” Steve countered, glancing at Tony.
“…What could she want?” Bruce wondered aloud. He did not mention Steve’s near martyrdom which Steve was immensely thankful for.
Why were they cursed with such a mating?
Eventually, Steve opened his eyes and nearly cried.
Their softened lips, the rasp of Tony’s stubble, the heat of their needy bodies…
Wearing that tender smile, Steve agreed, “Yeah, me too…”
“End of conversation,” Tony said. “We are not going to change the future just so I could get my beach body back.”
"The one and only. I hoped I timed my return right. I wasn't gone too long?"
But now he felt three times as worse.
Most of the fire extinguisher ash was gone and he just looked wet and haggard.
So Steve slipped off his shield and stabbed it into the ice and then pulled off his gloves. His hands were black and he felt no pain from them being exposed which was frightening. He knew he had frostbite and he knew there was a very good possibility that he would lose fingers. His mask was still back in the plane where he had thrown it off before the crash so he did not need to remove that but with every inch by agonizing inch he removed his shirt. Every piece of exposed skin flared to life with renewed icy pain. Once he got it past his head, he collapsed and pushed it off next to his shield as snow got into his mouth.
“Oh my God,” Steve gasped, clutching Tony tightly.
Wade looked crushed and scared. Vision stepped forward and volunteered, “I can go. If it tries to attack me, I’ll simply change my body’s density so it will not touch me.”
“Nope, short engagement,” Steve said, giving him a half hug.
Captain Rogers scoffed and said, “All you had to do was ask, you didn’t need to hurt him…”
Steve shook his head and murmured, “It doesn't affect me like it used to…plus, someone's got to keep a clear head to clean all of yous up before the Colonel sees this.”
Uncle Tony was a part of his family just as much as Pops was…Peter loved him, he would never deny that, Uncle Tony knew that…right? When Peter said he wanted his family, he meant adding his mother to it, not excluding Uncle Tony. Uncle Tony was a part of his family for as long as Peter could remember. The man raised him, helped him learn to read, and taught Peter the difference between a Phillips-head and a flathead screwdriver by the time he was three.
Wade rubbed his forehead and whispered, “What is it I’m missing?”
Tony grinned and replied, “But we’re going to have a lot of fun because of it!”
“Are you alright, Peter?” Steve murmured worriedly, placing his hand on the other side of Peter’s head.
“Yes, Uncle Phil,” Peter droned with a roll of his eyes. Coulson nodded then spared Mary a measured but threatening stare before departing.
Howard proudly dusted off the dirt from his earlier fall and explained, “Tony is a genius and I’ve been trying to figure out how I hadn’t heard of him before but it’s obvious now, he got it from me! To think, my son, the first time traveler. I wonder if I helped him build his suit? And what about this arc reactor you mentioned? You said he keeps it on his chest? Like 24/7?”
Tony nodded and grasped Steve’s hand to lead him outside. He wore an easy smile and held Steve close. In his head, the song had lodged itself inside and was playing on repeat almost mockingly.
“The element,” Howard stated simply. “I just can’t figure it out and Tony keeps growing and before I know it…” He’ll be grown up and then… He shook his head and murmured, “Forget about me, how are you? How is SHIELD doing?”
He was really here.
This fight between Steve and Schmidt was the very bedrock of the future. And to save that future...
Next time, Ch. 3: Capsicle vs. the Invincible, Flabbergasted Iron Man
“Ughhhh,” Peter groaned.
go out again without carrying this fear with him?
Tony grinned and went to go but Bucky grabbed his arm and whispered, “Bring him home soon, Tony…”
“That’s pretty hard to fricken ignore, Steve,” Tony grumbled, still refusing to look at him. “We can’t do this if you – if you…”
“He didn’t make it from scratch like us!” Peter retorted. “He was granted access to alien DNA!
“Yes, Master Parker?” The AI replied as the phone buzzed to life.
Natasha kicked him hard between the legs and he loosened his grip immediately with a groan. The man lurched to his feet and stumbled back but Natasha sat up sharply and was able to stab him in the shin before he got too far away.
They scrounged up a brunch from whatever remained in the pantry and snuggled up together on the couch to eat their meal.
“A dangerous concept,” Steve observed with a smirk.
“Call me, Steve,” Steve said with a flush.
Tony chuckled and said, “You’re only saying that because we’re Science Bros.”
“Yes, it is, and no, Cap. Just sit back and let me work my culinary magic! I will have this ready to go in a jiffy!”
I have already started on the next chapter and I plan to cram as much writing in as I can before I start!
When he was orphaned in his late teens, Tony threw himself into his work. It was through this work he created DUM-E, the beginnings of Jarvis, and most importantly, the code that would become the cornerstone of SI Online.
“Soon,” he promised his son. “You’ll see him soon.”
Steve grasped his arm and gasped, “Peter, wha –?”
Before Peter could finish what he was saying, Wade launched himself at Peter and embraced him tightly with that one arm. Peter was a little taken aback at first but then a look of understanding washed over his features and he returned the embrace, digging his fingers deeply into Wade’s back and pressing his face into his chest.
“Distracted by the fact that tall, blond, and muscles isn’t here?” Pepper easily guessed. Pepper knew about his current relationship with Steve and helped keep their secret. She was one of the first people they officially told. The others were their teammates but they pretty much already knew thanks to Steve kissing Tony in front of most of them after he fell out of the vortex. And lastly, they told Fury, just so SHIELD knew and wouldn’t try to use it against them.
Tony turned back to Fury and teased, “You are going to age
They piled all the food Tony provided onto their plates like they were at a buffet then sat at the breakfast table next to the window overlooking the city.
“Who’s the target?” Tony hissed.
Peter peeked out from underneath his pillow and glared at the redhead. He grumbled, “What do you need me for?”
Steve felt like someone had doused him with a bucket full of cold water. All of that was for nothing?
They pressed their foreheads together, taking comfort merely in the others nearness.
Steve was too shocked to reply. Tony’s people came up to the car and gave them enough room to exit. He let Tony lead him out of the car and stared at all the people and cameras with a dazed expression.
Steve ventured to Tony’s side and groaned, “I almost thought we were making some progress there for a second.”
! Bucky, stop!”
Out of all of the moments he remembered of their time in the future, one of the most potent was when his adult son told him that he would have the reactor removed when Peter was still just a babe.
Tony placed his hands on the back of his neck and drew Steve’s head toward him. Their foreheads touched and Tony sighed, “I was freaking out and was about to sick SHIELD on your ass. And you are lucky Ben is visiting or Peter would be freaking out just as much as I was.”
But, most importantly for the future, Cap wasn't going to live much longer, less than half a year if he was remembering correctly, so he'll take whatever secrets he learns from Tony to the grave.
Tony sat up swiftly and didn’t seem to notice Bruce’s exclamation of surprise. His eyes spanned the entire room, looking for the one person who was not there.
“Tony, I swear to God—!”
As soon as he noticed Steve, he got out of the car and opened the back door for Steve. Happy explained, “Mr. Stark said you two would be needing a ride.”
With a smirk, Tony murmured, “I love you.”
“No,” Tony sighed, shaking his head. “No, it is not.”
“Alright,” Tony gasped and turned to Steve.
“Oh God, why’d you put those images in my head?” Bucky groaned, now imagining Zola’s face on the body of one of his exes in Brooklyn.
A month ago Peter would have thought such a thing ridiculous but now it made butterflies fly around in his stomach.
“Soulmates,” Steve explained with a smirk. “And if I’ve been unconscious and frozen away…that explains a lot about how I was able to dream with Tony…but that doesn’t matter right now. What matters is that I get to him.”
She sighed and sat down across the desk from him. She said, “SHIELD is the reason I’m here actually.”
Steve was the world’s perfect super soldier and scientists still vied for a sample to study. Upon his death, he had been sent several communications asking to donate the remainder of his husband’s body to science from both reputable and unreputable sources. He destroyed every single message. He knew it was a very good possibility that someone would be desperate enough to dig up Steve but he could not believe they had done it
“We share the same father silly,” Ultron chided. “But wow, feel that big boy strength! You’re no normal human! Feels like you somehow got a little of Steve in you too. Did you eat all of your greens when you were growing up or get some vita-rays nutrients like Stevie instead?” Ultron asked, making fun of Peter's attempt to break free of his hold.
“Sorry, is there something you go by?” Steve questioned. Despite its blank face, the robot seemed surprised as it tilted its head to the side. Could it have feelings? Did all the sci-fi comics get it wrong? Did it have emotion?
Peter groaned and dropped his head into his hands. If his sudden stardom hadn’t ostracized him enough from the other interns these classes surely will. He moaned, “Anything else to tell me? Has someone broken into my aunt’s place for my baby pictures yet?”
“That sounds like a mission for the Commandos,” Tony stated quirking his eyebrow and smiling with a sly smirk.
Peter stared at his adopted father with a horrified expression and was instantly frozen by shock. His surprise only last for a few seconds then he was swiftly spurred on by his worry. Peter scrambled off the bed and ran to his dad’s side. He remembered to grab his IV’s pole so his own needle wasn’t ripped out of his arm.
Steve was alive and in his home! Steve had gone right to him when he woke! Steve was waiting for him, probably wearing that same big smile that Tony had been missing since he returned.
A high-pitched sound pierced his ears and was so painful he fell to his knees. On the ground, he was then assaulted with a bright light that stole his vision and, once the spots disappeared, he was finally able to focus on the machine and saw that his son was gone.
Wade’s eyes popped open more and he was surprised they stayed in his head. Peter’s birthday was less than a week away. His baby boy was going to be older and he didn’t even know it!?
Steve didn’t think it was possible, but he fell in love with Tony a little more.
. But he held the equipment either way to look like he was working when Steve came in.
The 107
“He would have killed her inside the quinjet when he had the chance,” Stark stated. He was already in his suit but the face shield was up. He looked at the Soldier and asked, “Right?”
They drew their lips together again, gently lapping at each other.
He threw his undershirt aside and wrapped his arms around her to encourage the kissing. She paused in her kissing to trace the scarred tissue where his body turned metal.
(See the end of the chapter for
They survived again. It felt like a final test and they made it through with flying colors.
He pushed past the Captain and demanded, “What on Earth are you doing?!”
He reached out to where he knew the radio to be. His limbs shook and ached with the effort. The cold had sunk into his limbs, hardening his muscles and, as he stretched them, it felt like they were crackling open like thinning ice.
As he thought back, he missed the range of emotions that passed over Tony’s face.
Without any urging from them, she murmured, “I remember going into labor but I do not remember the birth…They had tied me down and pumped me full of drugs. The next thing I remember is someone holding a gun to my head and pulling the trigger.” She touched the side of her head, where the injury must have occurred hidden beneath her hair, and murmured, “I later woke in a dumpster, buried beneath a pile of garbage. I was groggy but I knew I could not go to SHIELD. They were the ones that tried to kill me, and the Parkers would have been under watch to make sure they knew nothing…The only one I could trust to help me, and not to go to the police, was Osborn. And he’s let me stay here ever since…”
Deep into the building, behind many layers of personal and security, they came upon the defrosting chamber of Captain Steven G. Rogers.
Steve pushed himself out of the chair with mighty groan. Ice crackled as it was separated from his body where Steve and the chair had fused through the frozen substance. He moved stiffly, his muscles were still hard, not wanting to move.
On the drive there, Steve mostly stared at his friend, darkly wondering if these were the last moments he'd be spending with him. Bucky pretended like he didn't notice and kept his eyes on the road as he drove. They talked about inconsequential things to pass the time.
Dear God, yes. Yes, he was. It was like a hollow feeling inside him that grew every time they paced him inside the machine. Not that he’d ever admit it to the Red Skull.
The media frenzy died down in the meantime, though a few paparazzi camped out in front of the Tower in the off chance they would be able to catch a break. They did not know about the shooting but they still speculated about the child living with the Avengers. At every SHIELD press conference, the organization was battered with the same questions, primarily they were asked one in particular: "Was the child living with the Avengers Dr. Bruce Banner’s?" To which the answer they always received was, “No comment.”
Comprehension dawned in Steve’s eyes and he wordlessly nodded. Tony held his hand out to Steve and Steve gently grasped it like they were about to shake hands. Their timers beeped again, confirming what they both already knew and dreaded: they were soulmates.
“Hey, Sam,” Steve said. “Can we come in?”
Tony touched the hologram, making his soulmate’s form waver. With just as much yearning, Tony whispered, “
Fury signaled to one of the agents behind him and she came running forward with an oddly shaped duffel bag.
Coulson imagined someone carrying out Cap’s remains and bit down on the inside of his lip hard enough to draw blood.
Steve was already awake and sitting with Tony.
Coulson had to stop himself from running his hands over the plane’s id number on the tail. He had to keep some decorum with the junior agents watching his every move. Instead, he marveled over the genuine numbers, attesting to its authenticity. He was usually stoic in front of the junior agents but right now he couldn't wipe the smile off his face.
“I rather he attack here than another theatre,” Tony murmured.
In the back of his mind, his more rational side was calling his bluff but his cock to precedent in his mind at the moment so he did not hear it.
He wanted to be there for the boy.
“The blood is still on his hands and people want justice,” Natasha stated.
Steve stared at the extended hand then reached out to Bucky. Bucky moved before he could touch him, shooting forward and wrapping his arms around Steve. Steve’s legs shot out to either side of the bike to keep it from falling over beneath him.
He felt even more amazing than he imagined. He needed this but…
Peter’s mind screeched to a halt and his heart did a double backflip in his chest because Peter was no longer considering “if” they’d have sex. Now, it was only a matter of when…
Connected to Steve in this way, Tony forgot why they were doing it. He did not even think of the possibility that someone might be watching and taking pictures. All that mattered was meeting Steve’s passion with his own.
“You know I can tell when you are lying,” Natasha stated, her eyes narrowing. “And I am not daft. What is going on?”
“Yet,” Coulson stated coldly. “He is alive.”
Playing with Peter’s fingers, Wade grinned wickedly and whispered, “I'd
The bullets did not bounce off the symbiote’s skin but, as long as it was concentrating, it kept its body liquefied enough to have the projectiles pass through him without causing any damage.
Whenever Steve saw Tony, they usually met elsewhere, usually for lunch at a nearby restaurant or diner. The Tower was a foreign place to him. He had not been inside it since Loki and the Chitauri attacked New York.
Tony quickly scanned the area and saw Chewie standing off to the side with the police.
Tony stepped forward and cautiously said, “Hulk…”
He stared at his screen for a moment and then typed out, ‘Do you still want to do something tonight?’
“Just tell me!” Wade retorted, tickling the younger man to get him to submit. Peter squirmed and laughed as he tried to escape Wade’s nimble fingers. He made the mistake of letting Wade trap him from above, there was no escape now.
"I want to be there," Steve stated.
Steve couldn’t help but snort. Time travel made him a little loopy. Especially since the arc reactor was one of the most amazing pieces of technology he’d ever seen…moreso since…since it had kept Tony alive and Cable was calling it
“THIS IS SHIELD! WE HAVE WARRANTS TO BE HERE! STAND DOWN OR YOU WILL BE SHOT!” Somebody exclaimed behind him.
“Do—,” Steve gritted his teeth as the alarm continued to pain his ears. He gasped in question to the robot, “…Do you think heaven is real? Will my Ma and the real Mary be waiting for me?”
“You simply lack the proper coffee palate that my son and I are gifted with,” Tony stated to Bucky. Turning to Peter, Tony said, “And I can never say no to a fresh pot of coffee.”
minutes, if we’re lucky,” Pepper countered.
Tony’s nano-suit reported multiple internal injuries and was in the process of removing foreign debris from his chest.
They worked together to pluck off Natasha’s top layers and continue kissing.
“No, Richard died three years ago and Mary died a year later,” Steve replied.
Schmidt spit out some blood and hissed, “This isn’t over. I may be stopped now and Hydra may crumble but we will rise again. You cut off one head and two always-!”
Steve bit down on his tongue so tightly that he tasted blood. All his sacrifices he made for that shield and as Captain America came rushing back to him and he growled, "No one touches that shield but me."
Tony sighed heavily and answered, “We were not allowed to see her because we are not ‘family’ so, before you pulled your little stunt, we called your Uncle Ben and he agreed to stop by Oscorp tomorrow. If it’s really her, he’s going to try to set up a meeting with me and Pops.”
“Got it,” Tony retorted curtly. His voice was strained and Steve knew it had to be because he was watching the video feed and Peter’s condition stressed him as much as it did Steve.
But he had no choice so…
He heard someone inhale sharply but he didn’t look to see who as he was all eyes for Natasha. He'd have to review Friday's video later to see their reactions.
Wade bit down on his lip to keep his mouth shut. He wanted to tell the voices to shut up but, deep down, his worries began to fester.
Tony turned to his boyfriend with an incredulous expression and he gasped, "You
you leave Malibu.”
“Peter, please, if you will just let us explain,” Steve said, stepping up to the boy on the wall.
The Soldier never realized he could feel so happy. His memories may be scattered, but as long as Natasha was in his arms, he knew he would feel whole.
Steve rolled his eyes and said, “Let’s focus on the mission, guys.” He turned to Sitwell and asked, “Who do you want to kick you off the roof next? Clint? Tony? Sam? Or maybe I’ll take a whack at it?”
The tour had ended with returning to the living room but Wade did not extract himself from Peter’s back. He nuzzled his face into Peter's neck and asked, "What shall we do now?"
The little boy demanded, “How are you here??”
Tony eventually ran out of leg and Steve’s slacks and boxer briefs slid off feet and onto the floor. Tony quickly took off Steve’s socks leaving Steve was as bare as the day he was born.
“That won’t happen again. He knows that we are together, he understands that I choose you,” Steve stated. Tony opened his mouth angrily to retort but Bucky spoke first, shutting him up.
“Was it you? Were you the one who experimented on my son? Are you the one that hurt Peter??” Tony inhaled sharply and made no move to have Steve put Norman down.
Uncle Bucky made a strangled noise in his throat, which sounded like he tried to smother a sob and scream simultaneously. He looked at Peter as Peter pushed himself up and Peter knew something horrible had happened. Uncle Bucky sat up with him and his hands trembled as he gently grasped Peter’s arms. With a fragmented expression, displaying all his upset and barely held together psyche, Uncle Bucky gasped, “P-Peter…your – Pops, he’s –.”
“And when’s your birth year?” Tony teased.
“Promise me you’ll be careful,” Steve whispered.
“You won’t have to live in your fantasy world for long,” Mary retorted. “I wouldn’t be surprised if the Avengers already killed him.”
Icing.
Tony clutched his heart and the light instantly went out in his chest. His scared eyes met Steve’s and then his hands slipped from Steve as he fell.
His dad replied with an immediate heart emoji and MJ replied with several laughing face emojis a few moments later and a promise to be there.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was staying in Tony’s guest room, right down the hall from where Tony slept, so he tread lightly as he left the bedroom. On the third day Steve was staying with him, Tony had offered him an entire floor to live but Steve frantically turned him down and he’d been staying in Tony’s guest room ever since. Steve smiled to himself as he remembered Tony’s generosity and his melancholy faded slightly.
“…Natalia,” he whispered her once secret name. It slid off his tongue easily but it weighed down in his chest.
Clint, from his space in the back of the van said, “And when she says everything, she means everything. We even want to know what Pierce likes in his coffee.”
“Hail, Hydra,” Steve stated, his voice dead and defeated.
Century with ease…he belonged here with Tony. He showed no worry about anyone seeing them together like they would have in the past.
Century as Captain America and I’ll go back to the 21
Tony was his
Peter was still upset but he smiled all the same and waved goodbye. Steve smiled as he waved too.
. Most supes would’ve retired or turned dark by this point. Your boy has this drive that’s a superpower in itself. He ain’t gonna lose you just because some people think you’re too ugly for him. He loves ya. You two are so in love it’s disgusting. You both reek of it. Peter thinks you two are ready for this press thing, right?”
Then he fucking jumped off the wall and back up the hole he had leapt through a moment earlier.
Coulson cleared his throat, reminding them that they were not alone. Both Tony and Steve flushed and Tony stepped back from Steve. They had forgotten there were others there and they most likely heard every word of their conversation as it got heated.
Natasha retorted harshly in Russian.
Steve’s hands spread across the muscles on Tony’s back and then he rubbed Tony’s shoulders as he murmured, “They’re almost done.”
Tony sauntered forward, swaying his hips in a way Tony knew Steve liked. Steve watched him for a moment, enjoying the sway of his boyfriend’s body and then dashed after him. He draped his arm across his back and grasped his behind possessively.
“Why am I just hearing about Stark and Potts no longer being in a relationship and that Stark is now sleeping with a man we have no information on?”
He was too high up to jump and with no communicator all he could do was scream, “
That day, as Steve worked out, he paused when he heard the boys. The sound of their laughter could be heard echoing throughout the Tower and it brought a smile to Steve’s lips. He did one more rep then wiped the sweat off his forehead and got off the workout machine.
Tony ran into Steve’s room gasping, “Steve?!”
“He didn’t…” Steve whispered, peering at his feet.
When he was fully erect, Tony announced his presence by stating, “Beloved, you are too overdressed for this island.”
His mask was gone and Tony knew he somehow recognized him but he just assumed he was another undercover Hydra agent who had once posed as a SHIELD agent.
Tony sighed and murmured, “We should sit down…”
It was as he fell unconscious, the Soldier realized something.
Steve still couldn’t get over the fact that this was real, that Tony was real, and what they were creating was real. Steve broke their kiss and whispered into Tony’s mouth, “Thank you.”
Tony smiled warmly and lightly pinched his arm like they had done when they first started seeing each other and whispered, “That I love you.”
“We have to save her! Do we have any leads?” Steve gasped, leaning forward.
Tony clutched his head and let out a much needed, “FUCK!”
Cable smirked, “And that’s why I brought you.”
“Thanks, Jarvis, and the feelings’ mutual,” Steve replied.
“And to Tony,” Steve pressed, swaying a little.
Mary sat down at her desk. The monitor was already on and, just as she predicted, the Goblin did not look pleased.
“Stevvveee, you are making it very
He dug his fingers into Steve's blond hair and pushed him downward, encouraging Steve to go down further to where his already hard cock was waiting for him. He rubbed his arousal against Steve’s leg to further get his point across.
. Tell him I’m alive. I’ll say whatever you want.”
“The Venom sample was what made this possible,” Eddie retorted with a shrug and sat down next to Peter. Eddie reached out and lightly touched the beaker. Peter clenched his fist, batting away the urge to move the shield closer to his person. “Venom also sounds cooler than the 'Biological Protoplasm, Host Deoxyribonucleic Infused Acid Shield.'”
And did that mean Tony had already moved on?
What was he doing?…Was he avoiding Tony? The thought did not settle well with him.
Barnes stared at him coolly and then hissed, “Tell me her name.”
“Natalia and James,” he dryly stated the answers.
Tony ran his fingers over the reactor and murmured, “We cannot reveal it.”
Steve cupped the side of Peter’s face and watched in horror and fascination as a cut on his son’s cheek healed itself before his eyes. Steve did not have time to reflect upon his son’s new power because he heard the General step up to them.
Jarvis directed Tony to Bucky’s location, which was where Tony usually found him most days, on the private balcony outside Bucky’s room. The metal shutters were up all over the house and had been for a long time, attesting to Bucky’s feeling of safety in Tony’s home. Tony saw him through the windows, lounging on his chair reading his latest history book by the faint light of the setting sun.
Taking the hint, Coulson replied, “Then I should be going. You probably do not want to explain my presence. Submit your forms again, Stark.”
“Great, then where is he?” Steve asked, slipping off the table. Bruce and Tony exchanged glances and Steve asked, “Thor subdued him, didn’t he?”
“Move, Steve!” Tony wheezed.
Steve smiled knowingly at his friend then looked to Tony and his boyfriend’s smile made him flush. They had been throwing out ideas when Steve mentioned dancing. Dancing was more of a social thing to do in the 1940s but the only “dancing” done in the 21
different.”
“Jarvis is running a scan over the entire area. A whole five block,
The witness squinted at the picture and then nodded, saying, “Yup, that’s it.”
The man wanted Steve to thrust his son into a highly emotional situation. Peter dreamed of meeting his mother and Mary was unsuspecting, not knowing she would be meeting him. She did not know they were there and she might not even know Peter lived, if she remembered anything from that horrible experience in the first place…
“I’ll be eighteen next month,” Tony countered.
“…Are you sure, Peter?” Pops reaffirmed.
“Sitting would be easier,” Steve retorted and Tony jumped onto the bed without another word. He pulled off his undershirt for Steve and looked at him expectantly.
It was so strange with their roles reversed. It felt like a lifetime ago his dad was worrying about coming out with Steve but now here Peter was, wanting and worrying about coming out with Wade.
Steve was looking at Bucky and then he whispered to the Red Skull, “What did you do to him?”
The space time continuum was fragile. He knew from his own experiences how easy it was to change time…what if they couldn’t save Tony?
“That's the Winter Soldier,” Natasha informed them all grimly but Steve recognized Fury’s killer as soon as he stood.
“As do you, my Heart’s Desire,” Steve countered smoothly.
Peter was the first to stroll out to the training mats and came to a stop when he saw Clint testing out the strings on one of his arrows by his practice targets.
Tony grinned and replied, “I love you too, babe. Do you want popcorn?”
Bucky grasped his shoulder and made the man look away from the core. He stated, “You need to do this now, Howard, or Tony will die! Stop over thinking it.
Tony’s arms tightened around him and, with the simple gesture, he knew Tony still loved him…
Jarvis could only find snit-bits of information of the Winter Soldier online. It was enough to convince Tony he was real, but he needed more. He needed to find the Winter Soldier and-and maybe find Steve…
“What happened?” Steve rasped, his throat growing tighter with his growing emotions. “Where’s Peter? Is…Is he –?” Steve didn’t want to voice it. By God, he didn’t want to even think about the worst-case scenario.
“You look so incredibly wanton. What have you done with my Steve?” Tony purred, touching his length as he stared at Steve.
“Will a finger prick suffice?” She asked and Tony nodded. She pressed the boxed needle to her fingertip then pressed the button. The needle shot out then retracted just as quickly. Mary handed it back to Tony as the machine began to hum.
Ben took a photo out of his pocket and handed it to Mary. Mary hesitantly grasped it then looked at it blankly. Ben had showed the photo to Steve before they parted, he wanted to give it to Mary. It was from Peter’s last birthday. Steve was holding Peter in his arms, resting him on his left hip. Both of them were beaming at the camera and Peter had been laughing.
“It hurts knowing you’d keep this from me,” Tony murmured. “We’re not holding back anymore, remember? It’s just not physically. We need to be open with each other.”
Steve pulled away from the person who tried to comfort him, not even seeing who it was…because Tony was moving and Steve needed to be by his side.
“Put him on speaker phone!” Tony hissed excitedly. Steve waved him away and Tony grumbled indignantly under his breath.
Wade gazed at Peter with eyes full of love and he murmured, “When it’s concerning you, baby boy, I can make no such promise.”
Steve was real.
All Wade could do to keep it together was to breathe shallowly and hold onto Peter. He wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer and he didn’t want to come before Peter was inside him so he gasped, “I’m ready.”
a crash decades prior and apparently hibernated until recently…Or, like out of a horror movie, the Captain was now one of the undead…looking to feed upon human flesh…
“Thanks, J,” Tony whispered, his voice breaking a little. “I’ll miss you too.”
Tony took a deep breath and then left Pepper’s arms. He whispered, “I’m going to sit with Bucky…”
Steve snuggled into him and Tony whispered, “We need to do this often.”
Coulson was on the phone with an agent who had been on the same ship as the Captain for two weeks.
Schmidt, with a small army flanking the room, was waiting for them.
!” Steve gasped, “I can walk myself! No need to pull!”
. Peter was attracted to Wade but he also had self-control… or, at least he thought he did… Peter scratched the back of his neck, rubbing away a strange sensation.
Tony flushed then cleared his throat. He said, “Hem, Cap, you’re giving me that look again.”
“We both beat the odds,” Steve murmured happily, smiling as he gazed at his soulmate and son. Bucky was also watching his family and they were content to keep doing so as their sad memories made this moment all the better. Steve finally whispered, “When Peter yelled the safe word, Tony and I were in the middle of talking about adopting another kid.”
…his heart was broken for Steve not being the Winter Soldier...
“Just ask him about Steve, Nat,” Stark hissed from his corner.
Peter’s eyes became calculating and he lost all traces of the dark humor that was beginning to unnerve Mary. Peter cautiously stated, “Dad just left. He and the other Avengers are going to Pops. Jarvis said he’s hunting at a hospital right now. I want to go too. I need to at least
“Who are you?” She asked her eyes shooting from Steve’s face to the sponge in his hand. Her brows knotted in confusion as she tried to place him.
of his dirty secrets. She knew about the monster of a crush Steve harbored toward Tony. Steve tried to tell Natasha everything with one look and her responding expression was for him to provide actual answers pronto. He nodded but kept his mouth shut, indicating they were going to talk in private.
Steve rubbed at Peter’s wet hair, mussing it into odd angles. Peter shook himself out of Steve reach with a small smirk and Steve said, “Go eat, kid. I’ll be out in a moment.”
Steve watched the entire process with amusement and was loving the way Tony and Pep were arguing for Peter’s interests. Steve would throw in his two cents once and a while but Pepper and Tony were a dynamic duo when setting up events and mostly had it down. They got this and Peter was going to love the end result.
Steve slipped his phone in his pocket and embarrassedly murmured, “There was this woman and I overheard…”
” Tyler scrambled over to them and wildly swung her glass shard in their direction.
Venom trembled against his skin at the implication.
Peter, back from the dead and looking like he hadn’t aged in the five years since the dusting, was already at Tony’s side. His voice crackled as he tried to cajole his father to life.
Uncle Bucky continued his pacing and held Peter until his Pops and Uncle Tony returned.
He was also starving.
“You coming, Parker?” Eddie asked, holding the door open for him. The other interns leaned forward and openly stared at him.
“No, Steve,” Tony replied. He stepped closer and implored, “We hoped that you would come willingly or…Or I am prepared to subdue Venom.”
After dinner, he told Aunt May he was meeting up with some friends in the city to celebrate some more. She believed him and told him to be quiet when he came in.
“You have always been so easy to read. I merely needed to look at the sky and know how you were feeling…” Tony whispered to him, turning in the old chair to face Steve.
He could feel Venom in the back of his mind, waiting, planning, and hungering…
“For now,” Clint stated ominously.
He felt totally out of place in his navy blue uniform adorned with the white star in the middle of his chest, surrounded by neutral colored suits. He stood out like a sore thumb.
“Us?” Steve repeated, straightening up and returning his hand to his side. Tony’s fingertips slid off his chest from the sudden movement.
“Yes, Peter?” Steve gasped, still shocked by the sudden revelation.
Steve rolled his eyes, flushing slightly. Apparently, Steve had a super dick along with super strength.
“You know, as long as you don’t approach Stark or attempt to change history…you are allowed to go out,” Cable stated the next day.
It wasn’t fair…
Bucky rolled his eyes and grumbled, “Loads of fun. I found another source to my grey hairs…”
Was the Captain an old master? Or something else?
Steve chuckled but it was cut off as Tony kissed him again, deep and hard. Steve pressed Tony down into the mattress and Tony curved his body upward, trying to stay in contact with Steve as much as possible.
Steve watched him with a curious expression and Tony asked, “Have you ever had before? Want to try?”
Steve nodded at Bucky’s statement but didn’t look away from Tony.
“Just sharing information,” Bruce replied. “Mary was able to recite the
Would Sam Wilson be waiting for Steve? Could he be waiting here already?….Was he with Steve when it happened?
Yet, for Steve, it had been only a few days ago when he’d last saw Tony, his chest covered in poisoned, dark veins, delirious with fever, and on the verge of death.
“Are you alright?” Sam implored, looking worried.
“I don’t have any of my things…” Steve murmured.
Coulson was on his phone as soon as he was out of range of Jarvis’s sensors.
(See the end of the chapter for
Norman watched Stane fiddle with his tablet outside the property. Stark had given his mentor complete control of not just his company, but his life as well. With a few swipes of his finger, Stane was able to shut down the AI.
Steve bit down on his lip, like he wanted to refuse and stay. So Bucky quickly added, “You’ll be useless to him if you’re dead on your feet. Go.”
Fury shook his head and said, “You were going to be brought in for questioning for suspected terrorism.”
He was sitting across from her and he paused in eating his oatmeal to look at her. He wordless studied her and then, without understanding, he dryly repeated, “Natasha.”
“Apparently, your friends from Hydra are back,” Tony replied and Steve’s hold on him tightened even more.
Cable cursed under his breath as he lowered his binoculars and then hissed to Steve, “Osborn walked right past Stark with the reactor.”
She lowered her gun and gasped, “Why?”
we can do a weeklong celebration and include it all and I think I have just the perfect place to celebrate.”
“Jarvis clued me in on some of it. You time traveled, Tony,” she gasped, her voice slightly awed. “You met the Commandos…your dad…Captain America! It must had been amazing!”
They left together, priming for the fight by trading insults back and forth in English and Russian. Steve watched it all with a smile. Maybe they did not have to try so hard to get those two together…
Peter only seemed to possess super strength and showed no other signs of mutation from the gamma-radiation. Bruce was beginning to lose interest and devoted more of his time to studying Peter’s biological samples than studying Peter himself. He went out with them less. Steve missed Bruce’s company, they had become close friends in the time he spent with them, but Steve cherished the additional alone time he had with Peter.
The rest of the team ventured into the room. Everyone looked tired, hungover, and were shuffling their feet with the exception of Thor who was smiling as brightly as he had been the night prior.
A little life returned to Bucky’s face. He was clearly eager for the arm. Bucky got to his feet, but Tony waved for him to sit down and said, “It’ll be easier for me to put this on you if you’re not towering over me.”
“Turn the camera back to me,” the Red Skull commanded. As the camera turned, he ordered, “And give the Captain another round of treatment since he is sitting in the chair already and is so adamant about its lack of power.” Schmidt smiled at the camera and said, “I’m sure this has found its way to my fugitives and I have your attention by now. SHIELD is gone and Hydra is supreme. I am done expending resources searching for you. Turn yourselves over to me and I will be lenient with some of you and not so much with others. Do nothing and I will continue to break apart your Captain until all that is left is the shell of a man. I will make that shell a soldier for Hydra and then I will make him hunt every last one of you down until you are all dead. Your choice. Welcome to the new world order. Hail, Hydra.”
Tony put pressure on the grisly wound to staunch the bleeding and gagged when he felt the burning flesh from the heat of the bullet and hard sharp bits that must have been his broken spine.
Tony relaxed with his promise and nuzzled his head back into the juncture of Steve’s shoulder. He whispered, “We’ll find a way, Steve…”
He did not want to fight with Tony. Steve did not know if he would still be around tomorrow…
He went back to the bedroom he was sharing with his family. He got a hotel suite with three rooms, but Howard and Maria didn’t think twice about letting Tony sleep in their bed and Jarvis had camped himself out in the living room with the shotgun still at his side.
of all people!
He texted said husband, ‘Runaway with me?’
“I could always feel things in this world, it’s diluted and it’s only things associated with my emotions or with you…” Steve whispered, lightly caressing Tony’s fingers with his thumb. “I can feel the warmth of your skin when you touch me or…or when I had cried I had felt my lungs burn from my shallow breathing…but I think it was because those things were associated with my memories or maybe even a combination of both of our memories. But right now, this…” Steve stared at the tingling fingers with a pinched brow and stated, “I haven’t felt this in decades, my fingers feel like that pins and needle feeling when your hand has gone numb…”
All that was missing was his father’s presence and his happy little family would be complete.
Natasha nodded and ran out of the makeshift HQ to her motorcycle outside. She made the trip to Brooklyn in half the time by splitting lanes, using the sidewalk at times, and running red lights. She kept her expression passive as she raced to the scene but internally, her usually calm self was giving into grief.
And if it did work? Tony’s heart twisted in his chest until it was wound into a compressed lump of muscle. He would wish that fate on no one, nonetheless
Maneuvering Tony into a wheelchair involved a lot of frustration and questioning everyone’s intelligence, especially when Jarvis informed him Steve arrived at the hospital, but they eventually got him settled.
Shock was not a strong enough reaction Steve would describe to what he learned.
“Can I sleep with you tonight?” Peter asked, clutching the toy closer to his chest.
The Soldier spun in his hold and started punching him again. Steve put up little to no resistance. The Soldier was going to freaking kill Steve.
“Show me,” Tony said, waving for another screen to open.
“Yes, I do see and I’m getting hard already,” Tony stated in all seriousness, wishing he wasn’t in his suit at the moment.
Steve pressed his forehead to Bucky's shoulder and brokenly gasped, "You're such a stupid jerk."
The Soldier’s eyes focused on his target as soon as she entered the small room. His left arm had been disabled by Stark and was useless, but it and his right arm had been cuffed to the floor. He pulled at his bonds as soon as she entered.
Clint grasped the phone with a pained hiss. As he held it, another text came in. Clint whispered, “All it says is Ohio.”
“Then we are not going to tell him how we sucked each other off,” Steve whispered, leaning forward to steal a kiss from Tony.
They did not stay in the community room all day however. Steve continued to take Peter out daily, mostly to Central Park, but he also took him to places like Cooney Island or along the piers. They would always walk to these places and Peter would marvel at the skyscrapers towering over them. He loved them most of all and would always build a mini city out of his blocks.
He leaned back, listening to the reporter talk about Tony’s supposed sickness, while he watched the last of the renderings to his new suit unfold. He frowned a little listening her talk about his "mental" breakdown. Why was it crazy for him to not bring any more weapons of mass destruction into the world?
“Thank me by taking me to bed,” Tony hissed and used those after-shave slick hands to cup his jaw and pull his mouth back to Tony’s. Tony pressed his body back to Steve’s and wound his legs around Steve’s waist.
They went back to work though they kept shooting him and Natasha sidelong glances. Natasha went into the quinjet and he followed her as closely as her shadow. They bypassed the seats and the team’s lockers until they reached the back where the large weapon’s locker was kept. She unlocked it and opened it without a second glance behind her shoulder. If Stark or the others were here, they’d be pointing out the danger of having him so close to such a large cache of weapons, especially since they fixed his arm.
Peter left Wade’s side and walked up to them with a happy smile and wide-open arms. He hugged them both and gasped, “You would not believe how happy I am to see you two. Did Friday tell you what happened??”
“I-It’s something he should know,” Bruce interceded. “But – I – You- You have a son…” He gasped the last bit, his voice layered with surprise.
She stepped past him and asked, “Then what should we do in the meantime?”
“What’s going on, Peter?” Steve countered. “Why the sudden interest? This isn’t a usual father-son talk. I know it’s officially my first day as your ‘legal’ father but do you
But then the warmth went away.
Steve’s eyes were on the photo but his gaze was clearly withdrawn and burdened with heavy memories.
Wade chuckled, “He is great, isn't he?”
I hope you all have seen Iron Man 3 because otherwise you might be freaking out right now! :)
Fury had ordered them to go home and sleep and not to come back and help with the clean up until they got at least eight hours of rest.
But, in actuality, he was trapped in the cage with her too. It wasn’t the fact that they were soulmates was what trapped them…It was the Academy. Natasha’s wings were whole but his were already clipped and he was trapped. By staying with him, she risked getting her wings clipped too.
“He almost saw my Spidey uniform!” Peter hissed, clutching his shirt tighter to his chest. “And it can happen again! Next time the person might be pulling on my shirt for a comment or a picture or even an
Mary nodded then murmured, “Well, at least I don’t have to explain
Schmidt was hard to read for most people as he did not have the customary flesh to display emotions. Steve was one of the few who could and he could tell by the tilt of his head and the relish in his gaze that he was enjoying this.
“Howard,” Tony hissed, silencing the man with a swipe of his hand. “I am not changing the future anymore and that is final.”
Still flushing, Eddie asked, “So how do you two know each other?”
“Yes, Master Rogers,” Jarvis replied and the elevator rose.
The name "Stepan" is pronounced stee-PHAN.
Clint was wordlessly shooting his arrows at a spot on the wall. The spot had originally been a blank space above the couch but now had a chunk missing from the number of times he had fired there. Any other time, Steve would have told him to stop but at that moment he did not care about the state of the wall.
“Yeah,” Steve whispered. Pepper had already warned him of the extreme reaction he should expect from the press. It was going to be so much more different from the laid back press junkets he was used to during World War II.
“It’s not fine, Tony,” Steve finally was able to hiss out of his constricted chest. “None of this is
“How are the blueprints coming, Stark?” She asked without looking up from her binoculars. She was trying to memorize their grid pattern so they could more easily slip past the patrol and trying not to think of her soulmate’s intentions.
Steve paused to rub his forehead as his head started to ache. At least the vultures were no longer shouting expletives or vile things anymore.
Steve nodded to Pepper and turned back to the super spies. He murmured, “Let’s go into the other room. Do either of you want something to drink or eat?”
different, but the image was still there and was making him dread the dinner all the same.
Steve smiled warmly at his boyfriend and murmured, "I think I will be more upset about not seeing your eyes as you enter me than whatever aches I might get from it."
“SHIELD could not find a body, they could not find any of the bodies from the experiments,” Tony stated as he expanded the said files on one of the glowing screens in front of him. To Harry, he said, “When the video feed comes up. I need you to point her out.”
Steve never wanted to leave his orbit.
Steve nodded and his eyes spanned the room before falling on the President. He walked over to the leader with purpose, drawing stares, including Ellis’s.
Steve smirked and said, “No, Peter.”
Bucky continued to lean into him until the scientists announced the machine was ready. Bucky got to his feet and their teammates all came forward with an encouraging word accompanied with a hug or arm clasp.
Steve was wearing his workout gear of black sweatpants and a loose white tank. He must have already done his run. He held a mug of coffee in one hand and a plate of eggs in the other.
The stranger turned when he heard the impact and then threw back his head and laughed when he saw Tony sprawled on the floor. Tony grit his teeth in frustration, wanting to sock this guy in the face and rip his reactor out of his hands.
Tony looked beyond the fire to the sea of dark tents and dead or dying fires like their own. It was so quiet it felt like they were the only ones awake…but Steve was right…someone could see them… They were one of the few things being illuminated by the last of the light.
! Who’s controlling it?
Outsiders looking in may think their family was slightly dysfunctional but to Steve, it was more than perfect. He had his soulmate, an amazing son, a team of people who would fight and be his friends until the end, and his best friend, a man he thought dead. He wouldn’t trade this for the world.
It truly sounded lovely and he hated that he will most likely never experience it.
He should have listened to his senses.
“Natasha, Stark, please call me Natasha.”
Steve sighed heavily and his imposter glanced nervously at him.
!?! Are
By the time Clint reached the scene, Natasha was sitting on a pile of police officers and any bystanders had fled the area. She stated, “The Winter Soldier was seen exiting this alley holding this guy by the neck and shooting him in the chest. He ran back down the alley and disappeared less than an hour ago.”
Wade barked out a laugh and leaned onto his hand with sparkling eyes as he smirked at Peter. He replied, “Let’s just say I’m a coworker that he tolerates. You?”
Steve came up behind Kilian, just as he finished his speech. He raised his pipe high over his head and knocked him back into the fire using all his strength. Kilian went flying into the fire and hit the base of a crane. His body crunched loudly in the impact.
Steve nearly fell over at the thought and collapsed onto Cable instead. It felt like the weight of his sorrow tried to push him back down and Steve tried to take a steadying breath, but it just turned into a shuddering sob.
Steve watched him go with gritted teeth and it took all of his willpower not to slam his helmet on the ground or crush it in his hands. The man was infuriating! He seemed to know how to just get under his skin and make him feel like a belittled child.
“T-To—,” he tried to apologize.
“Damnnit Sam, that was not funny. You almost gave me a heart attack,” Tony gasped from across the room. Steve looked to him and saw Tony and the others had pooled out of the kitchen. They all were looking above Steve’s head so he followed their gazes.
Tony shook his head and whispered, “I don’t feel strong…I don’t know what I’ll do without him. He’s my
“You made a list,” Tony groaned as he saw the paperwork.
Tony couldn’t move for several minutes due to the device Obadiah used on him. His body may have been paralyzed but his mind was not. He was already forming a plan of action. His original reactor was downstairs. He could still survive this…he just needed to…to…
They spent the rest of the flight ignoring each other and, once they reached the helicarrier, they continued to avoid each other. Tony scurried away to the labs with Dr. Banner and Steve stationed himself with Natasha and Coulson in the main hub of the carrier.
The sudden revelation sent a cold sensation to run up his toes all the way up to the base of his neck. Steve doubled over the bed, catching himself on the mattress, as the guilt suddenly crippled him.
Bruce grasped his shoulder and whispered, “Breathe, Clint. You’re no use to her if you pass out.”
How…How was this possible?
Tony dropped his eyes and slumped back into the couch. He murmured, "No...No, I'm not going out..."
“Jarvis…” Tony whispered, his voiced edged with tension. His mind still back in the past and, with the projection of his father in his mind’s eye, Tony asked, “Is there any information out there on a Winter Soldier?”
tonight. The whole reason for us to change venues was just for us to be able to relax around each other without the threat of our identities being discovered.”
The implication behind Tony’s words washed over him like ice cold water. With it, all of his emotions flowed away and he was left with a hollow feeling.
“I will, Steve,” Peggy whispered, her voice breaking too.
They had been cuddling on the couch. Tony originally was sitting there, 'watching' the news but, in reality, was thinking dark thoughts about his son's silence. Steve seemed to have been able to read him and provided comfort in the best way he could.
“B-But how? It’s – it’s too early! We’re not even married yet!!”
Steve wrapped his arms around his own waist as if to keep himself from touching Tony and, with a frustrated sigh, Steve said, “This sucks…”
Wade froze, not knowing what to do. He was the kind that rushed into danger and had gone through life without a care in the world. This…this was different. He’d never cared for a person or wanted to comfort another like he did with Peter.
“We’ll get there eventually,” Steve stated with confidence.
“Cripes Steve,” Tony teased, elbowing his side lightly. “People think that serum did a lot of…
He tried the church doors and was not surprised to find them unlocked. He cautiously entered the building and then dapped his finger tips into the holy water font at the entrance and made the sign of the cross before entering the rest of the way. The church was old and ornate like all the other churches he’d been to. The church itself was something untouchable to time, maybe he could get some support here like he used to in his past.
Iron Man flew at Venom with no abandon. Tony usually did not follow battle strategies but his current fighting style could be considered suicidal. It wrenched his heart in two to see Tony throw himself at Venom. Tony did not know Peter was inside Venom and he did not know Steve was alive.
Steve grinned and stated, “I really want to be your boyfriend too.” He kissed Tony as his heart threatened to soar out of his chest and then he added, “And I also was serious. I love you too. Always have…”
“We are engaged, sir,” Steve stated, in a more serious tone. Tony's heart fluttered at the sound of Steve’s voice. God, he missed the sound of his voice. They’d been reunited what...Fury said five minutes? It still felt like seconds to Tony and he just wanted to drag Steve back inside and stare at him.
The man’s eyes flickered down to the gun and then back to her. Cocking his head to the side, without looking away from her, he asked, “And if you could have both?”
would you say the words?”
“My birthfather is Richard Parker and he was very much a part of my life!” Peter stated, angrily getting to his feet.
Almost.
As he walked the streets he rarely saw any Captain America memorabilia but his red, white, and blue color scheme seemed to be a popular choice for celebrating the nation’s birthday. He’d seen a number of people wearing shirts with his shield or a visage of him from a recruitment poster. Children ran around with plastic shields and pretended to be him as they followed their parents to the event. He’d even saw someone in a uniform similar to the one had worn on the USO tour, complete with mask and shield.
Steve was dumbfounded. How did he and Tony manage to change the future so drastically,
Tony fidgeted at that thought and Steve paused. He asked, “Is everything alright?”
Steve’s eyes quickly scanned the room but didn’t see the suit. Was Jarvis there, hiding with its superior technology? Or was it gone?
It especially felt wrong to Tony without Steve there…
“I’ll willingly endure any stare down or awkward questions they throw at me,” Wade stated with vigor.
“Fuck,” Tony hissed under his breath. His heartbeat started to pick up and he could feel a panic attack on the verge of starting.
feared. I’m not ashamed or disgusted. I…I’m sorry if you thought that. I’m just scared. This is all too much, even more so now that the public will know.
Tony was saved from answering when Gabe produced his fiddle and started to play a merry tune. Everyone turned to him and clapped in approval.
Tony would come to the dreamworld groaning about it and Steve would help him come up with ideas on how to thwart their attempts to take his suit.
“Well, we can jump right on the pink elephant in the room,” MJ said with a sly grin.
Peter chuckled when he saw the screen and murmured, “I can still smell roses in the sheets sometimes.”
Now that Tony was sleeping in the barracks, Tony had taken to bathing in a spring behind the Hydra compound. It was bitterly cold and no one else used it for this reason which gave Tony the privacy he needed when removing the bandages around his chest and properly cleaning the stink of the day off of him.
Bucky continued, “Well around the time Stepan was born, I remembered a safe word that can stop me. As soon as I hear it, I fall unconscious.”
Peter chuckled and said, “Friday? Can you ask Steve if Wade can borrow some clean clothes?”
“Bed,” Tony gasped, being the first to notice. He hissed urgently, “Steve. Bed. Now. Bed. Bed.
Bucky waited for him to reply. Tony had assumed Bucky would try to fight his way out but…he was just standing there “ready to comply” with Tony. Tony stumbled over his words as he asked, “Ready to comply? Are you – Are you waiting on orders?”
And Wade was stumped.
Peter hadn’t dated anyone since Gwen died. It’d been years but his heart still clenched as he remembered the loss. Peter had thrown himself into school and Spider-Man and gave himself no time for relationships…not that he even considered something with Wade…or any other “males” in general.
“Steve, you are in no condition to—,” Tony began.
Peter could barely keep his eyes on his webslinging as his eyes were drawn to Wade. He couldn’t see Wade’s face but his laughter was just as alluring as his smile.
“…There’s a person in there?”
mind.
“The witnesses for the defense, yourself included, are ready and the documentation on Ms. Tyler, Ms. Potts collected for us, has been inputted as evidence. We are as ready as we’ll ever be,” the man promptly retorted.
The top right corner had a child’s drawing of Captain America’s shield and on that same page was a sketch of the Hydra base.
“No,” Peter stated loudly, for both Happy and Wade. “I don’t want to see my father right now. Period. I’ll call you if I need you, Happy.”
But the real reason became apparent when Steve’s eyes fell on the man.
Steve snorted and Tony slipped out of the bed. As he walked away, Steve called after him, “Don't keep me waiting too long.”
In the coming weeks, Tony went through the motions of putting his affairs in order and the marks on his chest grew in size and discomfort. It hurt him to move his upper torso too fast.
And SHIELD! How were they going to react to this?? They had no idea he was Spider-Man, nonetheless Tony Stark’s only child!
“Hiding something from me?” Peter teased.
“It’s a little late for that you pointy eared freak!” Tony retorted, struggling madly in the larger creature’s hold. Tony got both his arms free and pointed his repulsors at the Goblin’s eyes. He hit him at full blast and the Goblin released him as he screamed with pain.
“Much better,” Schmidt crooned. “Soldier, remove the needle.”
I'm predicting the next chapter is going to be a looonnngggg one as it'll take a while for these couples to trust one another! ^_^
The Soldier was drawn back to consciousness by a feminine voice. When he opened his eyes, the woman’s form swam in his vision until her image cleared.
Steve grabbed Tony’s face with both of his hands and huskily replied, “I love you too, Tony. I love you so much too.”
“Yeah…that,” Tony said and they stared at each other, a loss for words.
He didn't want to be secretive with his relationship with Wade.
“Steve?” Bucky asked, noticing his odd behavior. Clint and Sam both stopped talking and eyed him with concern.
Steve allowed Tony’s lawyers to take control and trusted in their abilities. They were in there for a little over three hours, in which, the detectives asked him hundreds of questions and a good chunk of them were the same question repeated or asked a different way, which was: “Did you rape Susan Tyler?”
“Stubborn idiot,” Bucky murmured. He sighed heavily and whispered, “I am still stubborn too. You know I am not leaving this time? Just like with your Ma, I’m here till the end…till the end of the line…Only this time I may be more of a danger to you than help…”
Peter slapped his hand over the picture and hissed, “Stop
THE END IS NIGH! THEIR REUNION IS UPON US! THE FEELS WILL DROWN US ALL!
It was encouraging and reminded her of the day they first met. There was obviously something more there than the machine their masters wanted her mate to be.
Steve flushed but, in lieu of covering himself up, he placed his hands on his hips and smirked at Tony as he stared at him with his best “come hither” eyes.
blood.
Either way, the Captain thought he had lost someone close to him. Was the reason he was unresponsive?
The information hit him like a pile a bricks to the chest, making Tony feel like he couldn’t breathe and he opened his faceplate, gasping for air.
they were on the east coast and nowhere near any fault lines. Earthquakes were extremely rare on this side of the country and he quickly ruled it out. There was one very likely possibility and Tony’s uneasily clenched his fists, wishing one of his suits was nearby.
Peter clenched his fist at his side and opened the door.
And then there was Steve…
Bucky merely smiled sadly and whispered, “Don't worry about it, Steve.
He was terrified of losing Steve.
“So much,” Peter replied seriously with a smile that rivaled Wade’s in its ability to get any bigger. He leaned in and kissed Wade deeply. Wade drew his arms around Peter again, feeling at home. All his nerves and fears evaporated as Peter’s love surrounded him.
“Uh, no,” Tony replied. “I rather like it here: I get to sit around in my suit all day, helicopters circle the house, Pepper won’t stop trying to pack my luggage—.”
“The what-what now?” Tony scoffed, the name sounded like something out of a comic book.
thrilled. Tony’s dreams were coming true and he had the happiest smile on his face when he came back to the Tower. Steve could not help but share in that joy…and, it seems, he lowered his inhibitions as well…
"I just never thought…”
Eddie dropped his head and Peter’s heart sunk.
“Beta Jarvis is online,” Jarvis stated in his ear and a shiver went down his spine.
That pull in his chest tugged a little and Tony replied, “No, why?”
Steve shook his head and retorted, “I am dead. There’s no changing that. You will find someone, alive, and you’ll fall in love and start a family and…”
Before this, he'd gone his entire life without a single dream. He’d grown up wondering if he’d ever gain a soulmate and be able to dream with that person or forever be a part of that faction that never dreamed.
Tony let Steve lead the way and, as soon as he reached the bottom of the stairs, all sound and movement in the kitchen ceased.
, Princess Glitter Fingers,” Wade laughed, smiling at the girl with what must had been a gross, bloody grin but his elation was so strong that he couldn’t help but smile.
“Just take Peter away from here!” Steve gritted between clenched teeth.
“I don’t care. You’re
There was never a no-win scenario to Tony.
Steve let Tony manhandle him and his husband settled on top of him and kissed him as filthily as he promised. Steve groaned and ran his hands over Tony’s body. He was so much more away of the ring on his left hand as he gripped Tony’s hips or dug his fingers into his back.
He had come across one large room that had been a barracks. The remains of the bunk bed shells were built of metal and nailed to the ground but were so rusted they’d probably break if Tony had applied any weight to them.
“I’m alive,” Tony assured him, pushing himself into a sitting position with a groan. He clutched his chest and moaned, “I feel dead but I think I’m alive…everything hurts too much for it to not be real…right?”
“I like kids and they like me,” Tony pouted. His playboy stigma never gave him points in the kid department…
The next night, went much like the prior night. As soon as Tony locked eyes with Steve, he launched himself at him and tried to kiss him. This time, however, Steve did not say a word. He gently dislodged his soulmate from his person and then put up a barrier between them again. He leaned against the wall and listened to Tony throw himself against it. Each impact was like a blow to Steve’s heart.
“This is the stupidest I idea I have ever heard,” Bucky growled with indignation.
Bucky stepped forward and demanded, “What happened to Steve?? Why the hell was I wearing his uniform??”
With a flush, Tony put his phone on mute and then hissed, “What are you doing up?”
“Yah but can I feed myself? I’m a big boy, remember?”
Tony nodded and then placed a light kiss on Steve’s lips, a tiny reminder that he was there for him. Steve grasped his hand tightly, a smidge too tight, but Tony did not bring it up. He simply squeezed Steve’s hand tightly in return.
“Love ya, too, buddy,” Steve teased and Tony smiled warmly at him.
“We’ll probably move out in another 20,” the older man gruffly stated and then went back to reading his book. He wasn't much of a talker, he was one of those guys who communicated through action over words.
“What’s up?” Clint asked. He looked from the open cell to Tony’s open Iron Man suit in question. Behind him, Natasha’s eyes were latched onto the open door.
Thanks for reading! <3
early for this.
Bucky wrote out the letter by hand and snuck onto Natasha’s floor when she was out, leaving the message on her bed.
Bruce cocked an eyebrow at him and dryly replied, “That’s what I just said.”
Steve had been embarrassingly apologetic and loving to his soulmate. Tony did not know why and did not take advantage but Steve remembered him whispering about teasing Steve later. They both cuddled in the back of the limo and were more touchy than they usually were.
“…Bucky?” Steve asked cautiously.
She smiled and felt her eyes warm up but she blinked away the possibility of tears.
Peter and his dad argued over it a while longer until Steve stepped in. He didn’t seem happy about Peter’s decision either but, he agreed with him that it was his decision and he should try it at least.
Tony grinned and stepped back into the shower stall, murmuring, “Come here, beloved.”
“Alright,” Steve agreed. “That's fine. Ben and May will take good care of him…And Bucky? If the Tower is locked down…?”
He latched back onto Peter before he could respond and Peter threw back his head and arched his back, gasping, “
“I forgot about the Extremis,” Steve murmured weakly. “I reacted on instinct. I will be fine in a week.”
Steve rolled his eyes and slipped away from Tony, overdramatically sighing, “And here I thought you’d sweep me off my feet again.”
“That sounds great! Didn’t you sketch before you became Captain America?”
The Soldier’s steely eyes stared into his and he pulled the trigger once. Tony jerked as the bullet pierced through his armor. His arc reactor shattered, sputtered, and then he everything grow cold as it went out.
They let go of each other and stepped back. Steve went inside and Tony remained where he was standing in the dark, watching Steve until he was gone.
Steve pulled back sharply. The blisters were already disappearing from his skin and his head was clearer thanks to being out of the heat. He gasped, “Pepper!”
Steve shoved Peter behind him. After needing his shield when Loki took Peter, he had asked Tony to make him a wristband to call the shield to him, it was similar the ones Tony had that called his suit to him. He pressed the button and it bleeped in confirmation. He prayed it would be there soon.
As for the events in Central Park, he spoke mostly the truth. General Ross had attacked them because he believed the rumors that Peter was Bruce’s son. He learned later, from Bruce, that the man hated him and been trying to destroy him since the Hulk was created.
Tony grinned to himself and he was reminded of Steve's proposal.
A little smut followed by some revealing angst...
Uncle Thor lifted his hammer and then they were flying through the air. It was different than flying with his dad. With the Iron Man suit, the wind was cold and pushed at Peter with meandering currents. With Uncle Thor, it seemed like the air parted for them and held them in a warm embrace. They were quick to fly away from the tower and the battle in its midst.
Wade’s eyebrows snapped together in concern.
Steve’s voice dwindled to a stop and Tony consciously noticed that scotch he had spilled last night had soaked into his clothes and his shirt was still damp from it. With sudden dread, he also realized Steve's voice was not a part of his fading dreams.
happen??”
“It’s really him,” Tony gasped.
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧*.'
Tony’s eyes went to the clock on the wall and he felt like someone doused him with a bucket filled with cold water. It’d been too long.
The arms around him tightened and Steve whispered, “Are you alright?”
Steve froze in place, his eyes meeting Pepper’s frightened stare.
Steve blushed and sputtered, “N-No, I mean – yes – NO! I just…not yet.”
Harry bit down on his lip and mumbled, “She wears a white lab coat…so science stuff. She meets with my dad a lot…”
Well, that answered the question if he heard Steve and Tony last night…
When he finished there was a hiatus of silence. Steve opened his eyes and looked to each person, finishing on Tony. They all looked as wearied as Steve felt.
Steve stared down at him in a shocked expression making Tony giggle like a madman. Steve smiled and silenced him by claiming his mouth again. Tony’s heart soared and he dug his fingers into Steve’s hair and gasped into his mouth, “
Without delay, Rhodes reached into Steve’s suit and pressed down on the emergency release lever. He pressed it but shot back from him with a painful his as the metal burned him. At the same time, Tony's suit opened and he stepped out, much to Steve’s relief. He was not going to let himself believe he was really there until he saw him.
“Want a tour?” Bucky murmured.
Sneaky nodded and then rose into the air from a force of light coming out of his hands and feet. It stated, “I have your radio frequency. If I find anything, I’ll let you know.”
Steve felt exposed and it made him nervous and lustful at the same time. He had never been completely naked with someone before, not even Peggy, and they hadn’t been a virtuous couple.
“Want to tell me your name today?” Steve teased, poking his soulmate’s nose.
Steve smiled and knelt down to kiss him gently. He went to pull back but reached up and carded his fingers through Steve’s hair and held him there a few moments longer.
Tony groaned playfully and said, “Dear God, no.”
There was no Hulk room to contain it here. They had to get it off Peter now or risk it slipping away again with his son.
Stark broke away from her, hissing, “Don’t touch me.”
“And who’s this?” May piped up, curiously staring at Wade.
Tony staggered back and gasped, “M-my life is in shatters…”
Steve never felt stronger than he did at that moment but he also never felt as hungry. Despite these developments, his bond with Venom was imperfect.
“I just realized that I may love Bucky but I am not in love with him,” Steve whispered, running his hands through Tony’s hair. “My heart is totally yours, Tony. I needed you to know that. This is more than me just choosing you over him. I love you and can’t imagine being with anyone else but you.”
“He’s a busy guy, just like his dad,” Tony joked huskily, when he saw the image. Steve's eyes broke away from the images and he looked down to Tony. Tony tried to clear his throat but he couldn't stop the moisture in his eyes from gathering. He smiled reassuringly to his boyfriend and then purposely looked back to the wall. His eyes fell on another picture and he drew Steve’s attention to it.
“You want anything, son? Hungry? Thirsty?” Howard asked.
Hot tears blurred his vision further and he gasped, “Bu-Buc-?”
Tony ran the back of his fingers over Steve’s cheek and said, “We should go inside…You need to get cleaned up and I will make us some coffee and see what the vultures said about your little jog…then maybe we can find a nice couch to sit on and talk about stuff.”
“Urghhgahh,” Bruce moaned, falling back into the couch. He was covering his mouth as if he was holding back vomit but the telltale green tinge on his skin was not from sickness.
In a matter of minutes, he’d hurt both Wade and Natasha.
Tony winced but not because of the public reaction. He could handle the public’s outrage. He winced because he had no idea how Steve was going to react. Not only had Tony caused him immense physical pain but Tony had shot him when trying to kill the man Steve thought to be his best friend. Speaking of which…
“What’s that, kid?” Panzer asked.
No more dark thoughts of Tony invaded his mind and his body was able to relax as it went through the familiar exertions of fighting.
Cable smirked and murmured, “Try playing only one round of Bejeweled and you’ll be singing a new tune.”
Peter’s entire chest jerked like it was impacted by a sharp javelin. He gripped Wade’s hand tighter and Wade did the same.
“Sit up you worthless machine,” he hissed. She glared at James’ master, wanting to attack him for how he treated her mate, but she did not knowing it was futile...
,” Wade gasped into his mouth as he let Peter’s legs pull him in. Feeling all of Wade laid out above him made his heart race with excitement and uncertainty and adrenaline and…just
No one paid him much attention. Tony dressed differently so as to not attract attention. He wanted this date to be a normal date like Steve wanted…and people asking for his autograph or a picture was not usually a part of a good date.
Before Steve could formulate a reply, a loafer came flying out of nowhere and struck the glass shard from Tyler’s hand. She hissed and a second shoe struck her in the head and she fell back. Steve glanced back and saw his team had arrived on scene with Clint bereft of both shoes.
Jarvis alerted Tony to the scandal minutes before it hit all the major news stations.
They reached Howard’s main tent just as his assistants were hurrying out.
“Forget everything that I just said,” Tony gasped, adverting his eyes. Steve blinked in surprise. As he thought over the last few days several seconds passed. Tony looked horrified and had stepped back to let the elevator close.
The doctor leaned into his bed and murmured, “It is like any other phone but it requires a little more information. I will put in the U.S.’s area codes and you can take over from there. Do you know the number for your supervisors?”
He wasn’t too surprised to read the initial report from the psychiatrist an hour later, to see that the Captain was suffering from a number of mental ailments, the foremost being depression. It was up for review by the higher ups to determine the Captain’s release and Coulson prayed they’d let the man go. With Stark, he’d most likely been happy. Denying him Stark would only make things much worse.
“I love it when you fucking curse,” Tony hissed then pulled himself out partially and thrust back into Steve. Steve threw his head back with a mighty moan and ripped a baseball sized chunk out of the mattress.
Tony shot a glare at his robot and then shrugged.
“What is that?” Steve gasped, all thoughts of his embarrassment left him as he gazed at the complicated machinery inside a seemingly simple object. Tony shoved all the wires back into place and closed the hatch. He grinned slyly at Steve and got to his feet.
Eddie nodded and they both reached out to the test tube tray. Two test tubes sat there, each holding respective samples of their DNA.
Steve smiled in turn and wound an arm around his waist and murmured, “Now about that lube…”
Steve smirked and, in a swift turn, moved the both of them so that it was Tony on his back.
Steve peered at the photo and then nodded his consent. Tony grinned and posted it to his Twitter with the hastags #loveofmylife and #happy. Steve kissed his cheek and murmured, “I’m so happy too.”
Tony asked, “What’s with that smile on your face?”
“Let’s get him inside first,” Tony murmured gently, lightly touching Peter’s back.
“Something wrong?” Steve asked and Tony grinned at him.
“I reminded Peter of the risks, specifically that the man is a mercenary but, that is all I will do. Peter is his own man and I won’t stop him from loving who he wants,” Steve stated. He cupped Tony’s cheek and whispered, “Love comes in many forms and I won’t deny my son what he wants. If it worries you so much, then talk to him after he’s done at the lab.”
Tony went to the charity ball since it was his ball after all. He half hoped that his hippie, acrobatic, possible stalker Enigma might show, but there had been no sign of him.
Tony instantly frowned and looked down at his food. A strong combination of hurt and want warred within him. Why did Steve come here now? He didn’t want to deal with him or with what their relationship constituted as now.
Peter landed on the alpha balcony with an excited laugh. His entire body was thrumming with energy and he felt so
suggested the dancing!”
What was Bruce planning? Had he found a solution that was deadly to whoever wielded it? Or, perhaps, since he was the only other person with gamma-radiated blood, maybe the solution was in his body and he was going to sacrifice himself for Peter?
“No problem, Pete,” Steve replied with a grin. “Breakfast in twenty?”
The Captain did not acknowledge his presence when he entered the cold room and Coulson did not let the hurt show. In a few seconds, the thousands of happy scenarios he imagined wilted away and all that was left was the stark reality. This was going to not be a joyous meeting.
“What is it??” Steve demanded, shaking his friend violently.
Pink Floyd’s
If Rogers was willingly living on the streets, Tony doubted that he wanted to announce his presence to the world.
– his anger spiked.
Steve stared grimly at his clenched fists and asked, “Are you sure you don't want me to go with you to SHIELD?”
Luckily, Fury was too busy with Hydra to worry about what Tony had dragged into his home. So Tony was left alone to tinker on the chamber.
The clink of a gun being cocked grabbed both of their attentions and Howard let out a huge sigh of relief when he saw his butler standing at the other end of the kitchen with his shotgun. Jarvis had the gun pointed straight at the intruder and, in a murderous voice, stated, “You have ten seconds to leave this property before the authorities get here but only five seconds to leave before I justly shoot you where you stand.”
Tony seemed to sense a change in the air because he sleepily woke from his doze and, as soon as he saw Bucky, grumbled, "You better get over here and give me a hug before you leave."
“Floor or highchair?” Steve asked Peter. Peter lifted his head to peer at his father from his upside-down position.
Pepper’s idea for them to share an intimate moment before the cameras worked like a charm. No one doubted the validity of their relationship now but they had no idea that what they had recorded was just the first cornerstone of their budding bond. Hell, Tony wasn’t sure if he should refer to Steve as his boyfriend…When this was fake, he would have said it easily enough but now…He wanted to do nothing to destroy the fragile thing he and Steve were creating. He had no idea what Steve’s thoughts were on the matter since he had been so forcibly taken away.
“Wha-What happened?” She gasped in confusion.
Tony pushed himself back from Steve and gasped, “I told you that in trust! How could you?!”
She smiled at him knowingly and Tony stuck his tongue out at her.
“We should have Bruce take a better look at it,” Steve stated.
The walls rose again except this time Tony was the one creating them, leaving Steve alone in a desolate wasteland. Steve gingerly sat himself up and lightly touched the cold wall. With a breaking heart, Steve leaned into the wall and gasped, “I’m sorry, Tony…”
Tony had been sleeping so much the last few days that he doubted he would fall asleep. Instead, he spent his time studying his husband. In his hold, the younger man was sleeping peacefully with heavy limbs and soft muscles.
(See the end of the chapter for
“W-Why not?” Bucky gasped. He inhaled sharply and gasped, "You lied, didn't you?"
He felt cleansed getting it all out and he hoped Steve heard it all or…at least, the important part of it.
They couldn’t be real because he was remembering Captain America calling him “sweetheart.”
“…I do, I mean I think I do, I mean…yes, the feeling’s mutual,” Steve babbled to the figure miles away. He flushed and said, “I never thought you would want to be with me? I thought you did not want a relationship?”
Tony wanted to hold him to try to comfort him but knew it was no longer allowed. Their affair was over now and they had to put a wall between them to prevent anymore change to the future.
“Get out of the way now Mr. Stark or I will arrest you for obstructing justice,” the detective growled. His partner was already moving up the rubble with his gun drawn.
Steve’s hand froze over Peter’s folded shirt then he carefully picked it up and turned to Peter. He walked up to him and said, “Arms up.” Peter obeyed and lifted his arms. Steve pulled off his shirt then slid the pajama top on. Steve fluffed down the ruffles then paused with his hands still on Peter’s sides. He explained, “Uncle Bucky is not feeling too well and he feels better when he’s near me.”
Steve’s eyes snapped up as his anxiety spiked into a near panic attack. Tony stood in front of him alive and whole. The future wasn’t written yet. He had the evidence of that with their future wedding photo back at the apartment. Steve wasn’t going to lose Tony again. He’d die before he watched him die again. Steve breathlessly continued, “I’ve been trying to revise my future since then…”
“It’s responding to telepathic commands! I merely have to think something and it moves!”
She raised her gun and pointed it at his head.
Steve smiled proudly at Peter, pleased to see him taking the initiative.
Up next was the medical examiner who testified to the validity of the DNA match between the samples Steve provided and the semen found on Tyler’s clothes. Steve did not looked at the examiner as he testified but at the judge and looked for any sign that he believed it. However, the judge’s expression remained schooled since the beginning of the hearing and, even with this critical bit of evidence, he continued to reveal none of his thoughts on the matter.
Howard took a deep, steadying breath and put the gentlest of touches on the arc reactor, he whispered, “If I end up killing my own son, I am going to be sorely pissed at all of you…”
“I can do it, Pops,” Peter begged. “I’m strong. I can defeat him.”
“Couldn’t,” Steve sighed. “Had to keep an eye on him…”
His wrist was bare, not even a tan line was there to mark where the watch had been there only minutes ago.
“Hey there yourself,” Steve replied. He leaned against the counter, clutching his own coffee, and asked, “Did you sleep last night?”
"This is
His parents traded uneasy glances and Wade squeezed his hand.
Howard jumped to his feet, clutching his notebook close to his face, staring at the answer that had been with him for years. Hell, Tony fricken’ drew it on the same page as one of his sketches of the base! It was like the universe was screaming at him to notice it!
“It’s nothing…” Steve lied.
Tony grabbed both of his biceps and gasped, “Steve, I thought you were dead until ten minutes ago! I cannot handle seeing you getting hurt or chance you dying
“Or he did not have a chance to,” Tony rebuked angrily.
Steve snorted and nuzzled his face against Tony’s.
“You told her who I am?” Steve asked in surprise.
Tony, more used to these kinds of crowds, cut right through the mass of bodies straight to the car. Tony’s grasp broke from his arm and a great divide was made between them as the reporters rounded on him and ignored Tony. Steve struggled as cameras, microphones, and cell phones were shoved in his face. He moved in the direction Tony had disappeared and hoped it was the right one.
“…No,” Tony replied, his voice wary. “I…Ah…At this point, I think we have to assume no one got our picture…”
“Cap,” Natasha hissed, drawing his eyes away from Tony. He looked to where Natasha had raised her gun. In the little time Steve had spent with Tony, the Goblin had been hard at work.
It wasn’t Steve to gasp the sediment to the Lord this time. Tony turned to find Gabe staring at him with large, white eyes. He hadn’t seemed to notice their cuddling but only the reactor in his chest. Hell, it was more noticeable to Tony too. He never before felt its weight or its unnatural place in his chest like he did now.
Peter grinned at his friend and said, “Thank you.”
“Tonight, I'll have Steve,” Tony reminded himself in a quiet whisper.
“—eve Rogers is a daddy!”
The image lasts only a few seconds, Steve felt a flash of burning pain, and then…nothing.
“Go for it,” Tony clipped. Peter’s finger’s dug into Steve’s flesh. Peter was obviously distracted so was not checking his strength. Had Steve been a normal human, Peter’s grip would have crushed his throat and broken his spine.
“There’s no need for theatrics, Venom. How did you find me?”
he has been genetically modified by your ultimate enemy…I would be nowhere near be
The black mass was warm but as tough as rubber and no matter how far he pulled it away from his son, it did not release its hold on Peter.
Howard clutched his chest and gasped, “
Steve saw Sam approaching with a harried looking woman that must've been the Social Worker.
Steve too a few more steps and stopped. He regarded the tower in a whole new light and whispered, “Maybe I
Without looking up at him, Steve whispered, “Forget everything I told you, Buck. It’s probably just a phase. I’m probably just desperate for somebody, anybody…Forget about it.”
Tony clasped his hand and shook it as he excitedly replied, “Hello, Steve.”
Everyone was laughing and jovial and Peter just smiled and smiled and smiled. Beside him Wade did the same and he joined in the merriment without hesitation.
The past year seemed to have gone by in the blink of an eye.
“Yeah, just…I’ve been having the s-same nightmare all week and it just got ten-times worse.” Steve laughed wetly and Tony stiffened as he realized his friend was crying.
“By the look of that mark on his neck and the stupid grin he’s wearing, I really doubt he is,” Natasha reasoned.
In the end, the catalyst was Steve himself.
“Oh -Oh my God,” Peter gasped. “Did…Did you always know??”
“Do you have something in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?” Tony asked cockily and Steve’s blush deepened. He flexed his abdominal muscles inward, hyperaware of the closeness of Tony’s hands to his penis. Tony had cupped him a few times when they made out but he never actually touched him flesh to flesh. His cock throbbed as he imagined it. His own feeble attempts at pleasuring himself probably paled in comparison to Tony’s ability.
He gently pushed Tony back down and Tony lay back into his bed. He turned his head to the side and stared at the wall to his left.
“I’m never going to hear the end of it am I?” Steve called after the retreating forms of the women with an aspirated laugh.
A few hours later, they were moving out. Tony and Gabe were in a Jeep alone and Bucky and Steve drove behind them. They were both quiet as they joined the lineup. Bucky drove and Steve was leaning against the window. His eyes were focused dead ahead and Bucky wondered if he could see Tony in the side-mirror’s reflection of the other car.
Wade sighed too and murmured, “Yeah, do it…I got this…”
“F-Fuckin’ peachy,” Tony moaned. He blinked a few times and whispered, “I-I’m seein’ d-dark sp-spots.”
“We’ll go,” Steve announced, catching them all by surprise. Tony turned to his soulmate and Steve met his gaze with a nervous smile. He clarified, “We’ll go as a couple.”
“What –
Tony walked over to the coffee pot chuckling to himself and shaking his head.
“Nah, just…just come in!” Wade said, grasping Peter’s arm and directing his attention back to him.
Eddie’s files were right next to his and his friend left whatever chemical concoction he was working on to return to grab his files. Peter continued to look over his reports even though he knew exactly what he was supposed to be working on. He was too mortified to move and their whispers felt like they were crawling over his skin. What did he expect would happen? Did he think everyone would not notice the news coverage? Or the reporters surrounding the building, throwing questions at them about Peter as they came into work?
She crossed her legs and said, “I know your mission is to kill me and I will help you if you tell me two things.”
Steve chuckled and nuzzled his face into Tony’s hair.
Steve stiffened and he heard Tony inhale sharply next to him.
Tony pressed himself into Steve’s hard chest and closed his eyes as he tilted his head upward with excited trepidation. He was going to kiss him. Steve was interested. Tony’s feelings were not one-sided!
“Oh, nice form. I give that a nine,” Clint murmured.
From there his father’s internet history ended. A history Peter never knew existed because he never thought to search. He believed his aunt when she said his parents were plain scientists who had yet to get a foot up in the world. What else had she not told him?
“We’ll call you when it’s lunchtime,” Natasha replied. Stark nodded curtly and spared Steve one last, longing glance before leaving.
He turned to Tony, his eyes wild as he searched for the blood he saw only moments ago, and gasped, “I’m fine…J-Just a bad dream.”
The knowledge of loving Bucky did not go away but its effect on him did. It was no longer as resilient but it was still strong enough to worry him. He was able to ignore it which was all that mattered but he did not know how he would react if he saw Bucky again…
“Directive?” Natasha scoffed. Did he mean their training arrangement? Was he really unaffected by the fact his soulmate just tried to kill him?
Steve stripped down to his boxers and they found more black tar patches on his body. The one Bruce originally found on his bicep was the smallest, being the size of a palm print. He had another on his opposite leg completely covering his calf and the largest stretched across his back.
“Thanks, Pegs,” Steve murmured, dropping his head as he was overcome by his emotion. He felt so broken by hurting Tony so but he was still glad he did because it was the only thing he could do to help save him.
Stark’s glare focused on his outstretched hand and then back to Wade’s deformed face. After what seemed like a long hiatus, he finally reached out and shook Wade’s hand and grumbled, “You’re welcome.”
