John! - SH
"Fuck you Sherlock," said John to which Sherlock only smiled and went back into giving John a blow job. It was not long when Sherlock sensed that John's member was already throbbing and enlarging. Pulling the man's legs, Sherlock pulled John close to him, positioning himself at the man's hole and slowly inserted himself. John, pained with the action, pulled tightly on the sheets. Tears were already forming on the man's face. Noticing this, Sherlock bent down and placed a deep kiss on John's mouth. With great care, Sherlock started to thrust forward. Soon only moans and sounds of bodies can be heard in the room.
"Yes and destroyed the man before tipping Lestrade where the man was. He left as soon as he solved it."
"Am I wrong?"
"How was the reception?" asked the man who just entered and sat beside him.
"For what?"
"You do know that a suite was prepared for you Sherlock." said John who was currently laying on Sherlock's bed with his arms stretched and legs crossed.
Sherlock let out a deep breath. "Very well. But on one condition, you will take my should've  been position at the ceremony."
"He didn't. If he did ---"
"Get out Sherlock."
"Nothing really. I just wanted to see you and play a game." was Moriaty's replying, using the voice he used when he was acting as Jim from IT. "Such a shame Johnny's not here to play with us." he added, smirking.
He didn't notice that he left the celebration already. He just knew he wanted to get out of there. His chest felt like it was running out of air and his heart felt like it was contracting. While trying hard to gasp for air he clearly need for a non-existent condition, he raised out his head and found himself at a pub's entrance. After pushing himself to stand up straight and brushing the leaves off his coat, he pulled the door open and sat in front of the bartender before ordering a shot of the strongest drink that they had.
"No it's not. But it is weird doing it with a man. Doing it with you." Replied John shyly.
"I know and I'm sorry" replied Sherlock as he inserted another finger into John's ass. "You're so tight in there."
"So do I but I don't think he would be pleased to know we named the child after him."
"Why? Does it bother you? I could ask Lestrade of course, but I fear it would be inappropriate and of course, he would've refused" answered Sherlock, who was now heading towards John. "Then there's my brother but why would I when you are here or will you refuse me too John?"
"I need you to help me with an experiment" replied Sherlock.
"I suppose not but at least, we can say we have another Sherlock with us," said Mary.
"What are you waiting for me?" asked Sherlock, looking up to meet Moriaty's eyes. "Kill me now."
With that Sherlock pushed his phone to his pocket, got his coat and left for John and Mary's wedding.
"No. Will you forgive him?
John - SH
composition but as he listened, he recognized the song.
Mycroft? - JW
"What is happening?" asked John
"Are you sure about this Mary?"
"Then why are you here?"
"Experiment? Hardly. I'd never do that to you John. Also this .... this fancy setting wasn't my idea. It was Mary's so -"
"Hmm? No. Of course not. When were you ever wrong?" jokingly, John replied.
"You did?"
Obviously. When will you be back? - JW
Where are you? - JW
"Tea or coffee?" asked John as he was heading to the kitchen.
John looked around the room. At Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Lestrade and finally at Mary. Mary's head is bowed down. John knew that she was crying but he also knows that marrying her would only lead to failure. And so John took Mary's chin in his hand, lifted her head and kissed  her on the forehead.
Obeying, John slightly opened his mouth when Sherlock kissed him again, the latter wasted no time in entangling his tongue in John's mouth, sucking and tasting the taste of his friend.
"Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly. You didn't care about them. Oh wait. Yes you did but they didn't matter, not really. It was all for John wasn't it?" continued Moriarty, circling Sherlock.  He already knew the answer but he couldn't stop himself from pissing Sherlock more. "Such a shame you didn't tell him. Plan to tell Johnny boy when you came back didn't you? Bit too late don't you think?"
"What do you want?"
Lazily, John stood up from his seat and followed John to his bedroom and finally to his bathroom. Sherlock was already stripping his clothes when John entered.
No. No I don't – JW
"I told you John. It's for science."
John wanted to protest but not wanting to spoil the moment he agreed. Maybe there will be a time when he'll be able to convince Sherlock to do this again. For now he just have to be contented with Sherlock cuddling him and humming. Maybe having nightmares isn't so bad after all.
"No thank you. I'll already had enough of it at the reception," was John's reply as he turned to lay flat on his back.
"Obviously," was all Sherlock could say before tightening his embrace on John.
"John!"
"It's fine. She won't wake up until noon tomorrow."
"And I remember telling you and your wife that you didn't have too. I didn't plan on staying the night in here anyway. I should've anticipated Mycroft's meddling," replied Sherlock as he poured himself a glass of brandy that was prepared for the guest at the table. "Brandy?"
I know but he also loves Mary and Mary loves him. – SH
You don't have to go you know – MH
"I miss him too."
"Ultimately, it was all about saving one man wasn't it? Saving one doctor. Isn't it Sherlock?" asked Moriaty, enjoying the emotions showing on Sherlock's face. Sadness. Guilt. Anger. All at once. Sometimes, it would return to his emotionless mask but then it would be gone as easily as it appeared.
I'm sorry I couldn't get you a gift I hope last night was enough. Congratulations! – Sherlock
"Whatever happens, do not move" Sherlock commanded.
"What are you doing?"
"Ready to get married?" asked Sherlock
"Whaa? What is it?" John quickly looked around to see if they're in danger but he only saw Sherlock standing in front of him.
It was then that John finally figured out what was happening and what Mary wanted him to do. As much as he loves Mary he knows she's right. He should follow his heart. Follow Sherlock.
Out. - SH
"What experiment? You didn't tell me it requires me to be naked!" exclaimed John
"John I know I already said that I'm incapable of emotions. But I'm wrong because I do feel John. I thought I had already deleted my emotions. However, spending time with and without you made me realize something. So there's just one more thing John, one more thing. Stop this. Stop the pretense that you really love Mary and come with me. Let's go home. At 221B BakerStreet. Together." plead Sherlock, offering his hand to John.
"Me? Aren't you the one who needs something for me?"
Sherlock can feel John's attempt to escape from Sherlock's intrusions in his ass and so he used his free hand to hold him in place and put his mind into another place as he took the man's length into his mouth, slowly, until he was able to fully take it into his mouth and reach his throat. He tried pulling it out only to have it pushed back into his mouth again by John as the man tried to match the strokes Sherlock was making with his fingers. Taking this opportunity, Sherlock inserted another finger into John's ass.
Changing the topic, brother dear? Unnecessary and definitely not subtle, Lestrade is merely a tool. Need not be vengeful just because John's getting married today. - MH
"Bother you mean? And since when did you became a puppet of the society?" baited Sherlock though he really wasn't in the mood to taunt Mycroft. For now he just wanted to be alone.
And Sherlock, why are you still texting me? I'm right in front of you, you know. – JW
"It's sad, John. I wanted him to be a part of our child's life too."
"No. No he wouldn't." John smiled painfully. "Come on, let's get to bed," replied John as he offered his hand to Mary. And so the two of them went, locked in each other's warm embrace but none of them got any sleep that night. Both were thinking of the child they just lost.
"He left. As soon as the case was closed."
Doesn't change the fact that you love him. – MH
"No. Do you?"
"I really am sorry," said Sherlock before leaving.
"What?!"
Fazed by his friend's reply, John decided to ignore his friend and watched telly.
It only took one day for Mr Holmes to recover enough to return to working. Sleeping for the whole day was something that he apparently needed judging by the amount of energy he now had. He got to the school earlier than normal and earlier than Mr Watson so he decided to wait for him. He hated to admit it but he wanted Mr Watson’s attention. It didn’t matter if it was in a room of a thousand people or a room with just the two of them, Mr Watson would be the only one who he would pay attention to.
To John’s surprise, none of his family turned up within the first hour of him being awake. Though, a specific soldier did make an entrance almost twenty minutes after.
John stood up a little bit so that he could get closer to Sherlock, and he ended up almost sitting on his lap before Sherlock broke the kiss.
“Oh John, thank god you’re here, I was worried that no one interesting would be here since Sherlock’s late.” She huffed, Mr Watson still found it weird hearing Mr Holmes being referred to as ‘Sherlock’, but he went with it anyway.
The need to impress was also present in Mr Watson’s head. Unlike Mr Holmes, Mr Watson has to impress a variety of people in order to keep his job, but he needs to impress to impress these people, he wants to impress Mr Holmes. Mr Holmes is unlike anyone who Mr Watson has ever met before, his mysterious presence made Mr Watson want to learn more about him, almost as it the secrecy drew him in.
Other footsteps came and went, Mr Holmes’ thoughts did the same thing. He couldn’t seem to concentrate on anything he put his mind to, so he decided to retire to his mind palace. He knew that it was dangerous to do in school, you were never sure of who could sneak into your classroom, or who could be talking to you about something important. The science department knew that he was practically unreachable when he was in this state of mind, and sadly, Mr Watson did not.
I don't know how dancing works.
“Tell that to the last science department.” Snarked Anderson from the sofa to his left, gaining a giggle from Donovan.
“No, well, I know that she won't explode something when I walk into a room,” Mr Watson teased, knowing that Mr Holmes was still embarrassed after that.
“Good, one of our other receptionists is off today and I was wondering if you could lend Clara a hand with sorting out the financials? It’s month end and we really need to get this finished, I saw that you did it at one school. It will only take an hour.” Mr Watson wanted to say no, he wanted to go and watch Mr Holmes’ class instead of doing work. But this was his job, and he couldn’t let his boss down on his second day.
Mr Holmes was going this year, he was going because Mr Watson was going. He had no idea what Mr Watson was dressing up as, more importantly, he had no idea what he was going as. Miss Hooper suggested that he could go as a vampire (as it “suits his cheekbones”) and Mr Holmes decided to go with her idea as he left it too late to think of anything better.
Miss Hooper didn’t reply, and instead walked over to the centre of the hall. She being bopping to the music, looking awkward, Mr Watson began to join in. Suddenly, the pair started to be more comfortable with the music and danced among the students for a good half an hour.
The hall was bustling with people and music, the songs didn’t seem to stop. The students were standing in their groups, some in the centre of the room, dancing to the music, and some by the food table, grabbing what they could before more people came. Mr Watson was standing close to the food table, every now and then picking at the chicken nuggets which were laid out. There were a few teachers coming up to get plates every so often, but no one really stayed around long enough for a proper conversation. He keep checking the door, as if he was waiting for someone, and felt disappointed when he saw that no one interesting had walked in.
“Right, it’s best that you stop playing with chemicals for a few weeks and-”
The staff room was the same it has been for the past 10 years Mr Holmes has worked at Watterford. Miss Hooper was eating her salad (bought from the schools cafeteria, cheese and chicken caesar salad), talking to Mr Stamford, who was eating his pasta from home, about the latest progression that NASA has made towards putting a man on Mars. Mr Anderson and Miss Donovan were not present at the table and instead were sat down on the sofa, drinking coffee (Mr Holmes deduced that they were both on their 4th cup of the day).
Mr Holmes decided to attend the science staff room at break time. Miss Hooper and Mr Stamford were now positioned on the sofa, Miss Donovan and Mr Anderson were stationed by the coffee machine. Miss Hooper smiled at Mr Holmes as he entered the room and used her hand to wave him over. He sat down on the sofa on the opposite side of the coffee table.
Mr Holmes walked away without another word, leaving Mr Watson behind. Mr Holmes did not feel the same as he normally did when he turned on his heels to stride away, he felt like staying. He instantly shrugged off the feeling, blaming it on the cold outside making his head numb, making him think weirdly. But Mr Holmes was not the only one who was affected by the cold, Mr Watson had just been exposed to the freezing temperatures of Mr Holmes’ heart for the first time, and it intrigued him.
“Fine, I’ll do it. But I’m not being at the centre of the circle.”
“Okay, good, I’ve also decided return home. I’m becoming a consulting detective, it’s a job I invented before I went into the Army and I want to start it up again. I know some people from Scotland Yard who will let me in on some of their cases. I know a landlady in central London, Mrs Hudson, she’s a delight. She’ll give me a good offer on a flat and I was wondering if you wanted to move in? I understand if you don’t want to but I thought it would be best as you’re still healing and I could keep an eye on you.” John was going to stop Sherlock but he couldn’t find a suitable time to stop the “consulting detective” from blabbering on.
“John, you’re awake. Oh thank the Lord. I was so worried, I thought I had lost you. I’m so sorry.” Sherlock struggled to get all of his words out as he was speaking so fast.
Mr Holmes received the duty schedule on his desk the next morning. He searched for his name, he loved being on duty, it gave him a reason to get away from the science block and Anderson. Though, he was not happy to discover that he was close to the front of the school. Students (year 10 and above) and teachers were allowed out of the school and into the town at lunch times. He would need to stand by the door and talk to the returning teachers about whatever boring topic they decided to torture him with. Still, it was better than any conversation in which Anderson or Donovan was involved in.
“That was one time! Anyway, things don’t explode themselves, I need to be off and set up a practical for first period. See you later.” Mr Holmes honestly couldn’t stand this small talk for any longer, definitely since Mr Jakobs was fast approaching.
“Hey, Mr Holmes, I’m sorry for that mess. Actually, am I allowed to be in here? Is it still dangerous?” Mr Watson might as well of been talking to a brick wall. He didn’t see any of Mr Holmes’ physical features change when he spoke, thinking that he must be a really good actor who’s ignoring him or that he’s sleeping.
“When I saw your face I knew that I would be okay. I looked into your eyes and I saw the future we would have together. You gave me hope to survive because I knew if I did then I would be surviving with you.” He started to learn in even closer to Sherlock, he saw the same face he did all those months ago, but this time it looked less worried, and more settled. He could feel Sherlock’s breath on his face and he too began to breathe faster.
Mr Holmes could hear the students coming and leaving for their next class down the corridor, the walls were the opposite of soundproof.. He knew that somewhere in the chaos of the footsteps was Mr Watson. The class filled in and took their seats, there was no sign of Mr Watson. Mr Holmes knew that he couldn’t wait for Mr Watson to come, so he started his class. He went through the information about the practical that he was doing and began to set the equipment up. He dragged it out as much as he could, making the students draw a diagram of the apparatus. He had to give in and do the practical eventually. So he put on his safety glasses and set up the safety screen.
The two of them cleared up the mess in silence. Mr Holmes focused on collecting up the broken glass and other bits of objects which had moved positions during the experiment. Miss Hooper washed down the screen and cleaned any of the equipment that wasn’t shattered into a million pieces. Miss Hooper left him half way through lunch so that she could eat her school-bought salad, Mr Holmes adjusted his stool back to its original position and sat down. He heard footsteps coming down the corridor again. A short pang of shock coursed through him as the footsteps came past his door and down the corridor, the pace did not change when it passed, whoever it was wasn’t thinking of him. He felt almost as if he was wanting those footsteps to belong to someone who was coming to visit him, as if he wanted someone’s company, as if he wanted them to belong to Mr Watson.
Mr Holmes arrived late, as promised. He walked in through the doors and observed his surroundings. Various staff members and students were hanging around the food table, looking like they were waiting for more food to be brought out. There were some students requesting songs at the DJ booth and Mrs Hem’s band getting ready to perform on the stage. All of the music was directed one towards one place - the dance floor. The dance floor which currently held host to a dance circle, centred by Miss Hooper and Mr Watson. The pair looked like they had been dancing for a while now, sweat was dripping down both of their foreheads. Mr Holmes decided to stay clear of the dance floor, he knew that trying to dance would be a catastrophe. Instead, he stationed himself by the corner of the room. His costume was scary and the corner was rather dark, people would just assume that he was a prop if he stayed still long enough.
I don't know how dancing works.
“You? He wants to see your class? Why would he want to see you?” Donovan seemed to want to join the conversation now.
John couldn’t tell why exactly all he saw was white when he opened his eyes again. His mind didn’t seemed to be working as well as it was normally. His head was pounding with an unbelievable strength that made it hard to concentrate. How could he concentrate when he felt like this? Sherlock would normally say something smart and tell him to pay attention to his surroundings, eliminate the impossible and whatever remains must be the truth, or something along those lines. John knew that he wasn’t dead, death would mean that he would no longer feel pain. He knew that there was no longer a bullet lodged in his shoulder, so he must of had it removed. The brightness of the room he was in could be because he hasn’t seen any light for the past few days, and for the white, well, he must be in a hospital.
Mr Watson then made way out of the room, with his binder that was now 30 sheets thinner but still looked as thick as it did before he gave Miss Hooper the sheets. The door closed behind him, as soon as the door clicked shut Miss Hooper turned to him.
The first class off the day was always the most exciting. The second class was when students began to get hungry, they thought more about what they would buy from the cafeteria more than they thought about chemistry. This was the same for the fourth class, which was before lunch. The third and fifth class were normally the chilled out ones, Mr Holmes normally had year 11s or 10s in those slots, so they were familiar with him and gossiped to him about other teachers.
Mr Holmes knew that if Mr Watson was going to come into one of his classes then he would look for the one that would be the most interesting. He only had three classes out of the five lesson slots, one for each year, period 1,2 and 4. He saw Mr Watson was not doing any work when he saw him in the morning, so would most probably be working period 1. The teachers are meant to send Mr Watson sheets that they need printing out in colour (as the school is cheap and only has black and white colour printers in its departments) by the morning, so he would deliver the sheets during period two and three. Leaving period 4 as the best time for Mr Watson to come, meaning that he had a bunch of year 10s plus an receptionist in his lesson. He focused on his first and second period before paying any thought into how he was going to impress Mr Watson, he had third period to think of a plan.
The hall was bustling with people and music, the songs didn’t seem to stop. The students were standing in their groups, some in the centre of the room, dancing to the music, and some by the food table, grabbing what they could before more people came. Mr Watson was standing close to the food table, every now and then picking at the chicken nuggets which were laid out. There were a few teachers coming up to get plates every so often, but no one really stayed around long enough for a proper conversation. He keep checking the door, as if he was waiting for someone, and felt disappointed when he saw that no one interesting had walked in.
This new member of staff, John Watson, glanced over at Mr Holmes, almost as if he could tell that he was the person he should watch out for. Mr Holmes responded with an identical look. as if to say "you're going to regret coming here".
“You’re on, Watson” Sherlock said, as the rest of the soldiers moved to the sides of the table, allowing the two to face off in yet another game.
“Looking for me?” He stepped into where Mr Watson could see him. Mr Watson sighed even louder than he had a moment before, he looked at Mr Holmes, pursed his lips then shrugged.
“Chemical burn on the arm”
“I asked her to show me where your classroom was.” Came a voice from outside of the door, Mr Watson walked in, and smiled at the sight before him. Mr Holmes was covered in what looks like ash from head to toe. The students were all laughing. Mr Holmes did a sigh of relief when the bell signalling lunch went off.
“No, just getting a bit lonely.” He lied, of course he was looking for Mr Holmes. He wouldn’t be looking for the company of any teacher if he was feeling lonely, they all say hello then go to set up their first classes or get their forms ready.
“Now, as much as I’m enjoying this, I do need to breathe” He said between breaths. John could still feel Sherlock’s lips on his, the feeling fading slowly, a feeling that he missed too quickly. John was also breathless, the kiss took his breath away in more ways than one.
“All right, clear off, we got a mess to clear up” Miss Hooper announced, the students cleared the room, leaving the three staff members alone.
“Nice to see that you were bothered to show up, want some punch?” He said, offering the other man one of his glasses.
Soon enough, the party rolled around. Mr Holmes applied his fake blood, Miss Hooper adjusted her fairy wings and Mr Watson brushed his wig. There was music coming from the assembly hall, songs currently in the charts were being played at the loudest volume the speakers could handle. Mr Holmes and Mr Watson knew this was going to be a good night, but for completely different reasons.
“Good morning, Mr Watson, thank you again for volunteering for this duty. It’s hard to find people who want to be here so early.” He smiled. The smile look a little a bit forced, like the smile that Mr Watson had seen the headmaster give to nearly everyone he’d came into contact with.
“I was scared that I was going to lose you. I’ve never felt like that before, not even when my house burnt down as a child. I wasn’t scared of losing anyone - not even Mycroft. But you, you made me want to dive through a shower of bullets just to be by your side, to protect you.” Sherlock looked like he was getting tearful. John edged closer to him, resting a hand on Sherlock’s knee, both to steady himself and to settle the detective.
“Thank you, and for the record, I was forced to come by Molly. I don’t see why though, she looks very satisfied chatting to her friends.” Mr Holmes said.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mr Watson arrived approximately ten minutes later. He sat his bag down by his desk then walked out in front of the doors and stood there waiting. Mr Holmes was making an effort not to be seen, he wanted to surprise Mr Watson. After five minutes Mr Watson checked his watch then checked the car park to see if any taxis had dropped off a mysterious tall figure. Mr Watson saw nothing and sighed, Mr Holmes saw his chance.
The Halloween party is here, but Sherlock isn't.
“Any sign of Sherlock yet?” Mr Watson asked. Miss Hooper shook her head, she wasn’t watching the door during their dancing session either.
(See the end of the chapter for
The science department at Watterford Academy was not the like the other departments. To start with, it was the newest block in the school, the old one had to be knocked down due to an experiment gone wrong by one of the teachers (thankfully, the students had gone home).  Secondly, the science department was home to one of the most interesting teachers in the school, Mr Holmes. Mr Holmes teaches chemistry to the years 9 and above. He is not allowed to teach younger years because his methods are so absurd that the school doesn’t  want to get sued for health and safety reasons. Most students (and sometimes teachers) question how Mr Holmes had managed to land a job teaching, but then they stopped questioning when they saw that Mr Holmes’ students got some of the highest grades in the school. Upon entering year 9, students hoped that they would have Mr Holmes teaching them instead of Mr Anderson, another chemistry teacher and Mr Holmes’ sworn enemy. Mr Holmes does not agree with Mr Anderson’s teaching methods, and Mr Anderson does not agree with Mr Holmes’.
“I don’t play with them. I experiment”
It was the same as any other day in the base. There was people coming into the first aid room for minor issues, people were playing cards and laughing at the table and you could smell a few strange fumes from the chemical room.
“And Holmes wins again,” One of the other soldiers exclaimed, almost annoyed by the fact that Holmes seemed to win every game they played.
“I think that you’re the first person who I’ve ever loved” Sherlock said. John’s breath hitched in his throat, he saw Sherlock leaning to close the small gap between them but he did nothing to stop him, instead he leaned in too.
“221B Baker Street, it’s a nice place, I’ll try and make it clean enough for you to stay.”
Soon enough, the party rolled around. Mr Holmes applied his fake blood, Miss Hooper adjusted her fairy wings and Mr Watson brushed his wig. There was music coming from the assembly hall, songs currently in the charts were being played at the loudest volume the speakers could handle. Mr Holmes and Mr Watson knew this was going to be a good night, but for completely different reasons.
John moved up to the window, he grabbed his gun and began to aim at the attackers. Just as he was about to start firing he heard a shout from behind him, distracting him for just a second.
Today Mr Holmes wasn’t alone. It came as a shock to him, it was like he was programmed to start hearing noise as soon as Mrs Jakobs, the art teacher, normally comes in 10 minutes after he does. Today someone was in before Mr Holmes himself. that someone was none other than Mr Watson.
As the first class of the day was always the most exciting, Mr Holmes decided to do an experiment. The year 11s had their GCSE’s coming up at the end of the year and needed a break from their constant whittling and worrying. Mr Holmes demonstrated a particle that the students did in year 10, making them write down notes on it so it counted as revision.
After a while, Miss Hooper came in. She didn’t look happy; like something had annoyed her. Mr Watson knew it was probably a date that cancelled or Mr Holmes. She spotted him and immediately walked over.
“Maybe she just wanted you to be here so you could enjoy yourself, and it doesn’t look like you are, want to dance?” Mr Watson asked, he knew that it was likely for him to be rejected as Mr Holmes scowled at the mention of dancing.
“Humans, I presume” Sherlock said with a smug smile before pulling John in for another kiss.
“Now you need to add in the compound slowly, if not the reaction will happen too fast”
“Sherlock, you’ve really got it figured out. I suppose I will need a place to stay after I’m discharged. I’ll be happy to stay with you until I find somewhere permanent. Just don’t give me any chemical poisoning and I should be fine.” John knew it was a risk, living with Sherlock Holmes, but he had no choice as his family still hadn’t shown up.
The next morning went smoothly for Mr Watson. He got to work and put his bag down by his desk before going to stand by the door. He had to wait around five minutes for the first person to come through the door. Of course that person was Mr Holmes. Mr Holmes was sipping his coffee when he walked in, purposely so he didn’t have to make conversation so early in the morning, so Mr Watson just nodded, gaining a nod back. This procedure happened everyday weekday for the following month. Mr Holmes had something stopping him from making conversation for the first week and a half, after that they just nodded at each other and carried on with their days. Mr Watson always had a brief greeting with Mrs Jakobs then minutes later anyway.
One night, after John was fully recovered and he and Sherlock had just gotten back from pursuing a criminal on foot through what seemed like the whole of London, the pair decided to go out for a few drinks at the nearest bar.
Soon enough, John was discharged from the hospital and took residence with Sherlock Holmes in 221B Baker Street. Mrs Hudson was a delight, she took extra care of John and would always bring up nice treats for the pair to snack on. Sherlock’s brother would also visit every now and them, to annoy them with his constant eye watching over Sherlock, which seemed to grow stronger now that he’s solving crimes. A Detective Inspector from Scotland Yard was also a frequent visitor, giving Sherlock new crimes. John had managed to spark a friendship with him, even though Sherlock mainly had a professional relationship with him.
He decided to walk out, slightly disappointed that he didn’t get to have a good conversation with Mr Holmes. He returned back to the front of the school and took a seat at his desk. He had done all of his work for the day so he emailed Greg to ask if he had anything that needs doing. To his luck, Greg had asked him to sort out the staff duty schedule for the year, the receptionist who was off was meant to do it and Clara already has enough work.
Mr Watson went and delivered the papers to Miss Campbell. He wanted to avoid walking through the corridors when the students moved to their next lesson so he took some time to get the papers out of his binder in Miss Campbell’s room and struck up a conversation with her. He asked about the topic that the worksheets were for. She explained how the students wanted to do their own maths posters for the open evening and how she’ll be disappointed when most of the students go down to watch Mr Holmes’ practicals instead spending time at all of the subjects. Mr Watson laughed at the idea of Mr Holmes having his classroom packed with kids and parents, causing controlled explosions that would make the whole room jump.
For Mr Watson, the only thing that he had to concern himself with in the time slots of classes was making sure that he had given teachers what they asked for by the time they needed it. Though today he was concerning himself with them because he wanted to view Mr Holmes’ class. He checked his class schedule on his computer and decided to go when he had year 10s fourth period.
To Mr Holmes’ distress, this meant a day without Mr Watson. Mr Holmes hated to admit it but he had a feeling that he wanted to impress Mr Watson. It was like whenever they were in the same room he would try and get his attention. He wanted them to conversate more but he didn’t want to show everyone else that he had taken interest in someone.
“Shit, Sherlock!” The students laughed as Miss Hooper bursts into the room. Teachers swearing at Mr Holmes was nothing new to them but seeing Mr Holmes, who was normally as graceful as a swan, fall over was something new.
“Yes, Miss Hooper?” Mr Holmes responded, not seeing the use of first names on school property, he believed that such in-formalities were best left to social gatherings outside of the school’s premises, not like he would attend any gatherings with these people anyway.
“No, but I have just spotted a strange shape hovering in the corner over there. I’m almost certain that there isn’t any other 6 foot tall vampires in the school.” She said, Mr Watson followed her line of sight until his eyes landed on the mysterious figure in the corner. She was right, it did look a lot like Mr Holmes, that or a prop that suddenly appeared. He decided to go and investigate. Miss Hooper spotted one of her teacher friends on the dance floor and went to speak to them instead.
“Maybe she just wanted you to be here so you could enjoy yourself, and it doesn’t look like you are, want to dance?” Mr Watson asked, he knew that it was likely for him to be rejected as Mr Holmes scowled at the mention of dancing.
Mr Watson is the newest addition the the ever growing staff team. He works in the office at the front of the school, handels the teachers paperwork and organises anything that they need doing. Of course he is warned about Mr Holmes and the rest of the science department in his acceptance email, but he does not think too much of it. Mr Watson has worked in various schools during his career, and has worked with various assholes and departments where the staff members do not get along. What Mr Watson hasn’t done is over-estimate how much of a challenge this new school will be for him.
“Well, that’s Sherlock for you.” He replied, “Want to dance? Just to pass the time.” He seriously needed to dance, if Mr Holmes was coming then he needed to have the excuse of being tired to be able to talk to him.
“Thank you, John, I’m so glad that you got them here early. The last person who had your job delivered them half an hour after I needed them” Mrs Hooper thanked, sending a look to Mr Holmes as if to say “Don’t mention the last receptionist”. Instead of mentioning the last receptionist, Mr Holmes rolled his eyes.
The office was opposite the doors, he would need to be near his brother and the lovely office workers. He had most probably been rude to everyone who sits in that office, so he would need to be friendly to the teachers who were coming back from lunch if he wanted to be entertained. He, sadly, wasn’t allowed to escape from the boring aspects of duty and retreat into his mind palace, he would miss any younger students who tried to escape through the lunch doors to hang out with their older friends.
“Well, that’s Sherlock for you.” He replied, “Want to dance? Just to pass the time.” He seriously needed to dance, if Mr Holmes was coming then he needed to have the excuse of being tired to be able to talk to him.
“Ah, good morning. Mr Holmes, is it?” Mr Watson’s voice was rather croaky, like he’d been up until 1 am the previous night screaming out the lyrics in an attempt to do some karaoke. Though Mr Holmes knew that this wasn’t the case, Mr Watson would’ve had much larger bags than the ones currently there on his face (probably due to waking up so early).
“Tell me how we know that the murderer has not been in here.” Now Pezzutto came closer. “Er... sorry, but of course the murderer has been in here. Can't you see all the hints?” They both stared at him for a moment.
He goes on describing the first rape in short sentences, no needless adjectives, no arc of suspense. No pity but all details. It sounds like a police report written by an over-motivated yet uninvolved officer. His voice does not quiver once.
When I slowly start moving my limbs (do they all work properly?) I get completely confused. I try and raise my arm but it is stopped by something solid. I try to raise my head but it only seems to move sideways. When I stir my legs and they seem to move sideways, too, it finally makes sense. Despite my initial feeling I am no longer sitting on my seat but lying flat on the aisle.
He stays inside the bathroom the whole night and cries and cries and cries.
John takes the lead, Emmi on his arms. He opens the door and waits for me to go in. “I always go in after you,” he says quietly.
That loss strained their marriage. About one year after the death of their child, Peter moved out. Six days later he got shot in the head and Sarah disappeared.
The night before I fear I will not dare to go, but in the end I am standing in the local morgue, looking at the destruction Mary's bullets have caused. Every single one of them would have killed him, but she has made sure that his heart would be completely destroyed.
I place Maddie at the baby blanket in the middle of the living room. He has been standing here on The Day Of The Gunshot. She has been in front of the bookshelf. Had to swing her gun from him to me and back again that way. His weapon hidden in the kitchen. Too far away. Maddie up in her room. Not far away enough. I blocked her path without thinking. Loaded guns expose our priorities just like fire does.
(smile reaching his eyes now, sipping for the first time at the cappuccino I ordered, understands I want to share my love for Rome with him, knows I seldom do that, knows that I'm offering more than a guided tour, “I hope so.”)
“Sorry,” he whispers, “I didn't mean to wake you up.” His breath is tickling my nose. I cannot resist pressing a little kiss onto his chin.
He heaved himself out of the armchair and dragged himself into the bathroom – the only truly surveillance-free room in the apartment. He opened the tap and let the water run down the sink, just to make sure none of the many bugs from 221b would catch any noise from inside the room. Then he sat down, leaning against the bathtub, and took out his mobile. Not his regular one, the new one, with the prepaid card and the faked list of contacts and the faked texts on it, placed there just in case someone else would get hold of it. Which really, really should not happen.
John is lying not far from him but out of reach. He is covered in blood, gasping for air too. He is looking around frantically until his eyes meet Sherlock's.
One day when I am deeply lost in non-thought, I listen to the various people passing me by, deduce who it is by listening to their walk on the mudflat. I recognise the walk of the elderly woman with the terribly untrained pug. I recognise the walk of the teen who always sneaks away from home to meet his girlfriend instead of studying. I recognise …
And then, one night she gets into a discussion with Daddy concerning the first settlers on Amrum. They (correctly) agree that there are Neolithic traces to be found. Unfortunately, their knowledge of the finer sub-categorisation is limited at best. It is understandable that Daddy claims the pottery belonging to the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B (though he does not know this term. He keeps calling it Neolithic before pottery) while Mummy resolutely (and wrongly) insists of them to be from Pottery Neolithic B.
The pain increases but he ignores it. He will not force John to watch him die. He will hold on until John is -
(don't show him how unpleasant his scrutinising glance feels, why is that so? Need to ask John, need to save John!)
John kept recording it all, wondering about the incident and only partly paying attention to what Sherlock was doing. Still, something appeared odd about his friend's behaviour. He just couldn't put his finger on it right now.
Thanks to my great beta reader GoSherlocked, and a special hug to katzedecimal. Thank you for many years of wonderful beta reading. You were fantastic.
Knowing that my blood pressure is likely to crash from standing still, I start to step from one foot to the other. Neither Mary nor Big Boy do anything to stop me. She doesn't mind me delaying my death.
It is too dark to see his face but I feel him shaking his head. I also feel his tears running down my  cheek. “Sherlock, I am sorry,” he moans, “I am so sorry.”
The moment stretched, none of them breaking eye contact. Just when Sherlock started to ask himself if it was getting awkward, there was a knock on the door.
Oh Jesus, John felt like an ungrateful idiot. He should be glad that the two of them got along so well. Instead he was … what? Jealous? No, that was not it. Discontent, disappointed by himself? Yes, more like it.
When John took one more step backwards and stumbled into him, he even apologised, not understanding what was going on. He looked completely surprised when the guard suddenly reached for him and twisted his arm so he could not move.
But no, John is a soldier. He would not just die without fighting.
He watches those beautiful eyelashes, that delicately curved lips, his chin, and wonders what it would be like to touch those cheekbones, those eyebrows. He longs to touch Sherlock badly, the yearning in his groin intensifying with every passing minute. He knows that he will think about them again when he ejaculates tonight.
When John comes in he looks breathtaking. The blue shirt matches his eyes, and he is smiling gently. Sherlock melts at the sight of him.
I ask myself if I saw him leaving the ferry without realising it but my memory of the time after he went on board is useless. All mental pictures are blurred with tears.
“ You know, he's not even in Italy any longer. Left the country when he lost interest in us.” Us? That sounded good. Carefully, very carefully, John took command. “Do you know what hurt the most?” he asked his captor, his voice sounding small even in his own ears. Moran looked at him, mildly surprised. “What?” He had taken the bait. Good. “I really thought ...” He stopped in mid-sentence, one of his best performances. Swallowed, bit his lips, blinked. “I really thought he ... he loved me.”
“Can I help you?” he rouses me from my thoughts. My glance darts back to his face. My heart skips a beat. So does his (I can deduce). Because he is offering so much more than just his help.
“What do you want from me, Sebastian?”
Now he frowns, “How so?”
“Well...” John carefully considered what kind of answer Sherlock was looking for, then gave up and simply summed up everything he had gathered so far: “Shot in the back of his head, small bullet at high speed, dead for about six hours, um...”
Mycroft's men lead Mary to a car that has mysteriously appeared in front of 221b. John and I follow them, but Mary spits venom at us, so we have to retreat into another car.
One of his minions takes over, handcuffs her. She's seething with anger, hatred emanating from her so thickly you can almost touch it. Mycroft remains unimpressed. “I have heard that there are some nasty charges against you in Liberia.” He smiles, “Not the most eager advocate for human rights, that little country, but they really know how to handle prisoners.”
She is silent for a second (waiting for me to elaborate), then goes on, “Sherlock, Rosie just woke up and I thought you might want to talk to her. She does not know that something is seriously wrong, just that Daddy has a headache and that you will come back tomorrow. But maybe you want ...”
My parents are perfect, loving and sweet as always, and Mary is clearly affected by them and the Christmas spirit, just like she is supposed to be. John prepares to deliver his little speech, and we still find time for some secret (elevating) snogging in my old room.
I have been asked to add the whole mail to Mary. Brilliant idea. Here it is. :-)
The wonderful thing about John is that he speaks Sherlock As A Second Language fluently.
I tell him that, and he nods. Tries to say something extremely emotional but fails. Kisses me roughly instead. Knows that I know that he wanted to tell me that GraceNotEmilia will have two fathers who love her. Two more than John had. Knows that I know that he thinks this alone will make us fantastic dads.
"I did fail," I offer. (Hate how small my voice sounds all of a sudden.) "I was not able to deduce anything after you took me off the rope."
Hundreds of years ago she would have been every minstrel's dream, with her elegance and grace and kindness. Sherlock would hate her. But Sherlock left him and is dead, hence his opinion no longer matters.
I try to hold her gaze but fail. "Terrible things will happen to you two." My voice must be barely audible.
“On the walkway, you just … you gave up.” He has to take a few breaths. His face is working all the time. “And I … you also gave up … then. And I asked you not to. And you … you promised.” He is finally able to look at me again.
“No,” he echoed, bringing the hammer down on John's index finger.
It is a tune that could be played as a duet for violin and clarinet.
104 words starting with T. All part of this chapter. Enjoy!
There is a moment of silence on the other side of the line. Then I hear John again, "Sherlock. It is ... good to hear your voice." Something is resonating in that sentence. Something I need to analyse later on.
John is standing right by my side the whole evening (which enables Emmi on his arm to drool over my shirt because she is teething). The chronicler's son's photographer makes a wonderful shot of the three of us in which it is plain to see how happy we are (despite the drool on my shirt) because we are really happy.
Fourteen days later, Sherlock is still lying on that sofa, feeling lost. He considers howling heart-rendingly, but is too sad for that. What good is it to become the most human human being when all you get in return is pain?
His groans are deep and almost animalistic now. He is filling me and does not stop pushing and pushing. Every single time he hits my prostate hard with his cock, and I am dizzy with want and need. The sounds I am making scare me a little. Normally we try to be quiet, not wanting to disturb the child, but there is no holding back today.
“I couldn't protect you in the cellar,” he presses out.
Oops, that turned out a bit more heartbreaking than I thought, but fortunately we all know that the plane will turn around soon.
Mycroft would release the criminal from prison soon, enabling him to make his next move. The two brothers were planning on making it look like they had drifted apart even further, so no-one would guess they were up to something together.
It is a very encouraging sound.
So sorry for the delay. To atone for this, the chapter is extra long and contains sex. (The sex scene, by the way, is dedicated to the wonderful tonnaree. Hope you like it, dear!)
“I should have read the AGRA stick,” he whispers. Well, I did. Not sure if he forgave me that, but he was listening intensely when I told him everything about Ava Geraldine Regina Andrews. Remember how he paled. “She will never lay hand on my daughter,” he said. Presses Maddie into my arms before I could protest because I would drop her or smash her or hold her the wrong way or forget to hold her little head, and went straight into her room to tell her it's over.
And she is so well-mannered. At first, John thinks she mocks him when she cannot bring herself to say “penis”. She says “your maleness” or “your lonely male member” or “your masculinity”. One time she even calls it “your magic wand”. When she says “membrum virile” he snaps and deeply shocks her by calling her vagina “vagina”.
So when he is close to waking up, I sneak back into my bedroom. The next day, we stumble on,   pretending that we are both carrying on, pretending that there is a chance we will make it against all odds.
He calls John Sherlock's “pet”, reduces him to Sherlock's live-in P.A. verbally, but understands exactly what goes on within Sherlock's soul.
Or would he?
When John is awake all afternoon for the second time in a row, Sherlock brings board games. He hates all of them and so does John. But moving those little meeples will surely increase John's motor skills and so they try to make the best of it.
“Look, while we are waiting for the doctor … There is something I need to tell you as long as you can't talk back. You know I am not good with this kind of stuff, but … When you were dead, I regretted all the things I've never told you. And then you nearly died again, and I still hadn't told you. And now again, and … Well, you got the point, I suppose. It's time to finally … “
John waited for him to return to the real world for a few minutes. And for a few minutes more. And some more. Nothing. That gave John way too much time to think about how stupid he'd been again. How could he not notice that Sherlock had been completely oblivious to John's feelings? Sherlock had had problems understanding he was John's best friend. No wonder he couldn't comprehend that John, that anyone could be in love with him.
“I thought it was some kind of poetic justice that you both had died that day.”
John kept fighting the guard, telling Mary to stop that.
He grabs the sponge, soaks it with my shower gel, and starts rubbing my left arm with it. His face is working wildly. It forms a strange discrepancy with the peaceful, caring movements he makes. He is nearly done with my other arm before he finally manages to speak again.
I shake my head fiercely, “No.” No more hiding, no more misguided consideration.
Protecting me is rather easy here on Amrum. Protecting Emmi is a different matter. She is learning  to walk which means that she is falling down from or bumping into something several times a day. She has (harmless) bruises all over her body, plus scratches she got from God knows where.
He is aroused.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, let the AAIB do their job, then,” I tell Mycroft, “I just want to go home.” I hang up before I have to thank him for the train tickets. He knows I am grateful anyway.
Now the fidgeting I have watched starts to make sense. John has not been waiting, he has been freeing himself. (Ropes that were strained already? Using a splinter? A carelessly tied knot?) And he did not allow me to give in. He ordered me to create a diversion so he could overpower her. (With her own knife? She was always having it with her. Or wasn't she? I don't know.)
When there was nothing more inside the room that could possibly be deduced, Sherlock reluctantly glanced at John with an odd expression on his face. “We'll return to the hotel,” he stated flatly, and John only nodded.
His back was turned to the door, but when it was opened, he felt no need to turn around to see who was entering this cold and gruesome place. He heard soft, but steady steps, punctuated by the clicking of metal on tiles. Was it accidental that Mycroft was showing up right now? Well, it was hard to imagine Mycroft doing anything accidental. Wasn't it?
True, there is a burning in my lower body, closer to pain than to pleasure. Pure, physical need mixed with emotional craving. And John is right, the result is clearly visible. I am sure that I flush, for I am more than ashamed of my uncontrollable body. But John (understanding glorious hot John) smiles at me as if my obvious arousal was the most beautiful thing he has ever seen.
“John,” I say, as politely as possible, “you never stopped loving me.”
Sherlock falls quiet for a rather long time. “Apparently,” he agrees then.
“How is it that David is still alive?”he asked.
And wait.
“What really makes me angry right now is the fact that you don't even know why I'm angry!” he hisses in Sherlock's direction, wishing he could turn his head around to give him an angry glance. But all he can do is angrily lean against the leather jacket Sherlock is wearing as a disguise. And try not to stop being angry just because he loves the scent of lemon soap Sherlock is emanating. Or because he imagines Sherlock's nearly luminescent eyes right now.
John had found out that Sherlock's love for Italy originated from very fond childhood memories of holidays the family spent there regularly before his father had died. After having revealed all about Sebastian Moran Sherlock was unusually eager to share his feelings and memories with John. Just like his father, Sherlock preferred the ancient Roman history to the Christian history, and so John had got his own private guided tour through ancient Rome.
Apparently there is something wrong with my deduction skills as well. I hate to admit, but I will need Mycroft's help to ... But he won't help me, of course. He is dead. Just like Harry and Emmi and …
“Did they give you get enough pain killers?” John asks. He can read me like a book these days.
We are definitely destined to fail.
The sun was shining now, a few white clouds hanging in the air lazily, birds were singing in fresh green trees. Never before has the weather fitted Sherlock's mood more perfectly.
John.
Sherlock repeats the scene over and over again in his head. It was nothing more than an ordinary offence, really. A rather uninspired one, Sherlock has to admit. He might concede that his timing has been a bit not good, though, for John was a bit edgy all day. But in Sherlock's defence it must be mentioned that his patience was strained all day long, too. There is a limit to how many hours of Harry Sherlock can stand, even when appeased with oral sex before the meeting.
Mary leaves John's side now, places herself between him and me. Blocks our view of each other. A show of force.
John frowned. “It's still 2014,” he told Sherlock, still making sure he sounded absolutely soothing. “You have been in an induced coma for fifteen days and needed another three to fully wake up from it.” When the darkness on Sherlock's face only deepened, he asked, “What year did you think it was?”
When Sherlock got out of his mind palace, he found Mycroft sitting opposite him in John's chair.
John's memories of the first week are painfully clear. Every detail, every second for ever engraved in his brain. According to Harry's mourning guidebooks it is perfectly normal that the first time after a bereavement is accompanied with memory-loss. Does that mean John is not normal?
I try not to be amused by it.
* * *
“Shut the fuck up,” Mary interrupts him.
Only in the very end, when I realize that I have probably driven my transport too far, when I feel my heart tumbling into ventricular fibrillation, I instinctively stumble towards him, his hold on me the last thing I remember when darkness surrounds me.
He smiles (open smile with a tint of sadness). “That sounds wonderful,” he says. “I was thinking of Grace or Joshua. But Mary insists on Evelyn or George.” His parents. He has broken all contact with them, but hopes to see them again one day. Choosing their names for Baby Watson seems to be a loving gesture by his beautiful wife.
I was right, nearly two years ago. Babies change everything. Emmi alters our routines, for example. Suddenly there are regular feeding times and naps. I need to eat because she quickly starts to refuse her baby food if I do not eat something as well. (So much like John.)
- daughter adores him (as far as possible at that age)
Text him that I hope the baby is all right anyway. Then write another text to add that I also hope he is all right, too. Then I remember that Mary checks his texts. So I write another text to add that I hope she is all right too. Then I text him again, telling him cryptographically secured that I miss him. Then things get a little out of hands.
Come on, his voice says inside my head, that deduction is not all that impressive. I wouldn't have left if I had been all right.
No doubt Sherlock's ghost is bored already. The dreams would be something new at least. John briefly wonders if there is a heaven for consulting detectives, filled with gruesome serial killers who are really good at not making mistakes too soon.
Out of the corners of my eyes I watch him taking a deep breath while I pick up Emmi. This is hard for him, I know. But he is here. When we go downstairs he stays right behind us. I am not sure how much happy family he can stand today but right now he is here.
That was all John's nerves needed to snap. He got up way too fast, unable to hide his anger. “What a wonderful idea,” he hissed. “I would have never thought about it myself.” He tried to keep his voice low so he wouldn't wake up Deb, but he saw that Mary got the point. Carefully, he placed his daughter in her bed and threw Mary an accusing glance afterwards.
”Thank you,” he tried a bit stiffly.
The funny thing about the most gruesome event in Sherlock's life is that John is completely back to his old self again. Well, with the language problem and slight coordination difficulties, yes. But he is loving Sherlock again without restraint.
When the helicopter arrives, it is nearly an alleviation. I step forward to join John and Magnussen. To stand by John's side (most likely) for the last time. (And to nick his gun.) Try to prepare him for what I am about to do by summing up our situation. (But he does not get it. Asks me again what we will do. Does not understand what I am trying to tell him, because he never expected me to kill someone in cold blood. Neither did I, but there is nothing I would not do for John Watson.) (Except staying by his side and thereby risking his life.)
“Brace for impact, Sherlock!” John shouts but we cannot let go of each other's hands. I hold it for one more second, and one more, and then I break contact. My hand feels cold without his.
and point 17 (He is vain, but only on a very basic level. Do not mention that he looks good, as that would only embarrass him. Regular approving glances are appropriate. Notwithstanding, he reacts to positive reinforcement regarding his writing skills. Praise regarding his writing skills cannot be overdone. Do not mention the speed with which he types. Do not suggest learning how to touch-type.)
Sherlock had never thought he could make someone laugh. But then, he also never thought someone could love him.
He has used up all his strength telling me that. He is only still standing upright because I am holding him in my arms fiercely. I am sick, terribly sick. I knew that he had been close to doing it but never have I dreamt of it being such a damn close call. When I can no longer stop my own legs from shaking, I am slowly descending down. We are sitting in the ice-cold grass, not quite sure which of us is weeping. Not that it matters. Time passes. Peacefully.
Without a word he pulls my head close and kisses me, fiercely and demanding and feral and consuming and hot. Somehow I manage to pull us up without breaking the kiss, and we stumble into the warm kitchen again, sinking down onto the floor, still kissing, still re-conquering what once belonged to us.
I am sorry for the delay, but actually I am desperately looking for a native speaker who would be willing to beta this fic from here on. So, I shamelessly use this note to ask you all: Is there someone willing to jump in? I need help mainly with the finer details of grammar, like tenses and prepositions (evil little bastards). Input on the plot is not necessary, but always welcome.
“Colleagues always made fun of me. Said with my wife at home why would I get up at night voluntarily?” he tells me, for the first time. Sits down in the chair next to mine. Smiles. “But I wouldn't hear it. During the day I always had to share you boys with your Mummy, but at night it was just the two of us.”
John's body slacked instantly, his mouth hanging slightly open, his eyes broken. The guard dropped him emotionless. John's corpse hit the ground with a thud, his head coming to rest in a painful angle.
For a second, Sherlock allows himself to believe that John is hurt so much more that he thought, and this idea nearly drives Sherlock crazy instantly. With an enormous amount of will-power, he pushes this feeling back, deduces the letter more carefully. John has torn it apart. Because he has not wanted anyone to read it. Because he did not feel the things he mentioned in it. They were only written in a moment of desperation, after a sleepless night, judging from the strokes of the t.
Then he tells me how he still believes that Mycroft will come up with some clever trick, how he will not believe that I will end up in prison for good, how he loves me and how everything will be all right in the end.
Every now and then he goes back to Mary to stay in their (boring) home for a night or two. I spend some of the time with experiments and planing Magnussen's downfall, and most of the time with not being jealous. Experimenting and planning goes well.
John keeps on caressing my hair and is quiet so I can think. Somehow, I have always assumed that I would not go to Mycroft's grave because it is nothing but a storage place for his dead body and has nothing to do with what was lost the day Mary killed him. I try to calculate if I could make it to London in time. Maybe if I take the ferry to Sylt and then hire a plane …
It has been a lie. A clever one, a haunting one. But after all, just a lie.
Sherlock was engaged in a fierce discussion with Dr Davies and did not notice John at first. That gave John a moment to watch his friend. His helplessness was unnerving. He was still not able to sit up on his own, that much was clear to John's trained eyes.
He drops to the floor like dead weight, gasping for air, his vision all blurred. The only thing he sees clearly is the expression on Sherlock's face when he bends over John. A clear indicator that John's feelings are definitely not one-sided.
And then, after dispelling any doubts John had had about the true reason of this...arrangement (“Come ON, John, we are separated only by a thin layer of cotton and an even thinner layer of filament silk. If I were THAT happy to be here you obviously would have noticed by now.”), he had explained to his friend how he had realised the threat Moriarty had been planning on both of the Holmes boys. How he and Mycroft had both figured out that the consulting criminal would be aiming at driving Sherlock into suicide after publicly destroying him, and how they were planning to outwit him.
There are many reasons for that, Sherlock's mind offers. It could be the aftermath of a night full of all-consuming passion (unlikely, for John is in very good physical shape), his allergy against (mostly American) apples (did he eat one when he was at the Yard on his own? Unlikely), too much alcohol (but they only had one glass of whisky each last night) …
At least his stupid move made Sherlock come closer after all. “You are in pain,” Sherlock blurted out. Then he shook his head and started babbling, “Of course you are in pain. Why do I state the obvious? I never state the obvious. I should do something else instead, right? Hold your hand or something. I always held your hand, all eleven days. Why don't I hold it now? Can I? But I don't know how you feel about it. Us. Is there an us? I really ...”
Seb kneeling on the ground, gun against Seb's head, Seb begging for mercy, crying in fear, shaking, praying for forgiveness, me waiting, stretching that moment, enjoying the power over his life, ignoring his pleas, waiting to hurt him further, waiting to make him feel the terror John has felt, waiting to make him realise what he had done, then pulling the trigger, hitting the head, Seb's body collapsing against mine, holding him close, feeling his final spasms, his blood soaking my clothes, holding him until his body is cold, then throwing him away like garbage)
No, that was not the reason why he was starting to dislike her. Sherlock was egocentric and cocky and an occasional liar as well. The difference between them was that deep down inside, Sherlock was a good man.
“You did the world a favour when you shot him, Sherlock. And I did the world a favour by having Jesterton arrested, no matter on what charges.”
Somebody rolls John into another corridor and leaves us in front of another room. Here, we wait again.
Don't know how I made it through the rest of the day. Memories of it surface every now and then, but the better part of it is hidden somewhere I cannot reach it. Don't want to reach it, not now. Now all I want is for that horrible day to end. I want to stay in my old bed, John pressed close to my side, Emmi sleeping soundly in a travel crib next to us.
Strangely enough, those memories still feel comforting.
“To be fair, I tried to gently shake you out of it first,” he feels the need to explain, but my mind is already moving ahead. John mentioned divorce. Does not want to continue that relationship. Wants to leave a professional killer with trust issues and a jealous streak. Who has not hesitated to risk the death of his best friend (me). My subconsciousness was right (of course). John is in danger.
The problem is that I lack a plan. How do you get better on purpose? For a few days, I get up with the intention of talking to someone. Not much. Maybe saying “Good morning” at the bakery or “thank you” at the little supermarket.
“I knew exactly what I would do. I would take my gun and go outside before sunrise. And then I would watch the sky turning red, then blue, and then, when the day would have begun and my heart would finally be at rest, I would put the gun inside my mouth and end it.”
The door on the other side of the room opened, and the lights were turned on. Nearly blinded, John closed his eyes again, only for a moment. Staying like that was so tempting. But when the steps came closer, he opened his eyes again, and, as always, soldiered on.
When I am able to stop thinking about that I start mourning again, which is not better. For the first time in my life, I wish I would believe in some kind of afterlife, where families get reunited and your loved ones are always with you.
From talking about Rosie we switch to planning what to eat when this week, and then to minor things like that we really really still need to fix the door handle that got loose because Rosie clings to it with all her body weight when we are not fast enough to prevent it.
One week (forty-one bottles of baby formula, forty-six nappie changes and six sleepless nights) later I find the opportunity to see Janine again. She comes over, squeals at Emilia who gracefully ignores her, and lingers on when John packs our daughter (our! daughter!) into the hated jacket and takes her for a walk.
I recognise a walk that is as familiar as can be. Female, bare feet despite the cold. Energetic even when strolling. Looking for someone. (Me.) The steps slow down (she looks around), come to a halt (found me) and start again, quicker now (approaching me). She slows down when she has almost reached me (unsure how to go on now) and finally stops next to me.
“He never even considered how it would affect you if you believed that he had jumped to his death in front of your eyes.” Don't let it show, don't let it show, John frantically thought. He was so close to giggling hysterically with delight that for a moment he was scared that he would get himself killed after all. He somehow managed to keep up his scared and nearly broken expression. Moran had no idea Sherlock had told him about the whole suicide plan before carrying it out.
Only that it does. But it should not, John knows that.
“You promised not to give up, but you did, didn't you? In the end, you gave up.” He is nearly crying now, and so am I. Because I know what he is talking about, and I know that he is right.
I want to ignore her. Want to turn away and leave her alone. Want to smash her head against the wall until her face is nothing but a bloodied mass. Would be perfect to do it in here. No child to endanger. She smiles, “Not that different, are we?”
John nods, subconsciously brings his body into full soldier mode -
One the one hand it surely is because Baker Street is home, no matter how hard John had tried to deny that at length during the last two years. On the other hand, it is because Sherlock really meant what he had written to Mary in point 1 of The List. The one Mary thought to be a distasteful joke, “John prefers rooms warm. Make sure the indoor temperature is always around 21°. He will not complain when too cold, so keep an eye on the thermostat.”
John loves us, without holding back, I talk and deduce, and we have (great) sex. The only thing I am still unable to do is to let John be the penetrating one. I try and make up for it with extraordinary manual and oral skills and succeed. And yet, it is bothering me. I want to get rid of it, want to take that final triumph away from Mary.
Then, Mycroft might or might not have placed his hand on my shoulder after some time, and I might or might not have accepted that. I also might or might not have leaned closer so we were practically standing arm in arm. Later, I might or might not have told him I was glad he was there with me, and he might or might not have said that he loved me.
”Hadn't you gone home for the night?” Sherlock continued. His brain was not working properly, he realised, but John did not mind at all.
For a while John allowed himself to just drift while following Sherlock, moving through the crowd oblivious to the way, not trying to understand the people around him, just taking in the atmosphere. The whole place was buzzing with life. God, had he missed excitement.
The first thing I see is the wreck of our plane, filmed from a helicopter. I cannot look away, no matter how much I want to. It was filmed at daytime, revealing some of the horror we have been through. The tail of the Airbus broke off and remained rammed into the ground. The middle section is torn in several places, compressed. The nose has moved away from it after breaking off and is lying upside down. The pilots are surely hurt or -
I hold vigil by his side, watching over his sleep. Maybe a completely redundant action but one my soul needs desperately. Mummy brings me something to eat from time to time and I take a nap every now and then, leaning against his bed with my back.
She has seen me getting over-involved with their wedding. She does not find my over-involvement with their child strange.
We take the lower walkway because it brings us closer to the sands where the birds are resting. There are sea birds coming back from their winter quarters already, and now that Emmi's eyes are able to follow flying birds, she loves nothing more than to watch them all day.
How unnecessary those doubts had been. Waiting a few weeks after kissing had made them both so needy that they exploded like a thoroughly shaken bottle of champagne. A touch here and a pinch there, and they were over each other like school boys, and before they could both wonder about liking it or not, they were satisfied beyond compare.
It gets a bit medical now. I still don't  understand how to link other works here but most of the medical stuff was inspired by the work of cookieswillcrumble, "Let's Play Murder". Thank you so much for the great work!
“No,” he says and adds quickly, “we’ve had a scan. We’re pretty sure it’s a girl.” Meaning not only “It will be a Grace” but also “No, you are not dying.”
Sunlight is shining through the curtain of my hotel room. The mobile on the night table is flashing (blinking?), indicating unread messages. John, I think, before  remember that the mobile actually is John's and that mine got lost in the crash.
This time, when I come home Mummy embraces me for a long time. And tucks me in when I go to bed.
Judging from Lestrade's and John's face the quality of that statement can be described as ambivalent at best. But then, Lestrade brought an autograph of Anderson as a get-better present. That does not show a high EQ either. Isn't there a saying about a glass house and throwing stones?
I try to embrace him, and he lets me, ragged sobs shaking his body. Luckily, Emmi is so fascinated by his outbreak that she watches us quietly from her pushing chair without demanding any attention at all.
Maybe tomorrow.
“John, awake already,” Moran sneered, coming closer. Again, John didn’t need brilliant acting abilities to appear scared. He still had no idea how stable this man was, and he did not ignore the fact that (7) one wrong word could trigger violence that would certainly lead to a brutal death long before the intended torturing would be finished.
I need a moment to adjust my brain to the fact that he is giving me a present at all. That he thought about giving me a present and then sat down and ordered it or went to town and bought it and then wrapped it up and all that without stopping halfway in panic. (His hands have been trembling while wrapping it up but he made it through.)
and freeze. There is a postcard. Number nineteen. But it is not from Wortleblythe. It is London's only lighthouse at Trinity Quay Wharf. White clouds on a bright blue sky. Two birds flying around it. On its back, one single word. The first and apparently last with this specific message, “Tomorrow”.
Which means that Daddy has observed what I could only deduce from afar. John is in danger and there is nothing I can do to help him.
That poor deduction is wrong. Sherlock has not thought about it at all, and the second he moved in front of the gun he was sure that he was going to die. Only that it would not have mattered, because John would have lived. Realising that he nearly gave his life for John shakes him more than realising he nearly died.
Let's face it, the sex was fantastic. Like the one time John secretly gave him a hand job at the London Library, in front of books so old that even Sherlock felt humble leaning against the shelf while coming.
The third time will be post-John of course.
(is this what imminent death does to people? Grabbing the arm of your killer, clinging to the only other human soul within your reach, regardless of the fact that he is the one who just took your life, holding on as long as possible, even though you have realised instantly that you are going to die? Looking for what, comfort? Being saved?)
Stay conscious, he told himself, only a few moments longer. “He didn't just leave you grieving for him, John, he also made you feel guilty because you thought you had failed to prevent it.” Hang on. “He left you broken, and didn't even care.” One more peak performance. John looked Moran straight in the eyes, and said bleakly: “I never understood how he could be so cruel.”
“The good thing is that both wounds were closed and will heal without any further action needed,” Davies explained patiently. “You will need to take special breathing exercises for several reasons, but I'll come to that later on.”
Sherlock took a second to mentally kick himself in the backside. He should have heard her entering the flat. He should have been more alert. Should have locked the door.
Then, of course, when John's last finger was broken and his mind finally gave in to the pain and his body went limp, every gleam was wiped away from Sherlock's face again. He continued to stare at the screen after the clip was over, deeply lost in thought. When he finally turned around to face Mycroft again, he looked years older than he had only two weeks before. “I am going to kill him” he announced calmly, and Mycroft nodded. Apparently he would.
When I am sure that Mary is not looking at me I mouth, “Sorry”.
I wait for him to breathe out again, but that never happens.
Their deduction about the owner of the wine restaurant had been correct
If I went back now, could I prevent it from happening? Is it too late for that now?
Steps reaching me (no no no). And then …
...seek my mouth …
6th December
His brain refused to deduce the sounds from the surrounding. The only thing it granted him was the fact that there was smell. Why was that strange? He wanted to open his eyes, desperately, but his body did not obey.
10th December
Which is fine because I am starving myself.
He is still literally moving very slowly. But it is no longer the sluggish walk of an exhausted old man. It is the careful walk of a cautious soldier. He still expects hell to break lose any second because he allows himself to stay with us.
His class mate Frank Stratton, for example, had made that mistake when they were both 16. Aiming at impressing Melissa Gravis so she would go to the Winter Dance with him, he had spotted small John as a good victim for some intense beating up. It had earned Frank a broken nose and several deep cuts and it had earned John a date for the Winter Dance with Melissa Gravis.
“I planned it. So carefully. And yet, it went wrong!” she still fumes. “You just can't make proper plans when children are involved! They always ruin everything.”
He always has his breakfast in front of the telly, watching the news. He remembers every single newscaster he wants to murder because they think that Sherlock has been a fake. Then he gets dressed, tries to do something useful but ends up messing up the flat, feeling maimed without Sherlock.
He smiles at Miller the way he smiles at a second class criminal who tries to abduct me. It is scary, but only if you can tell what kind of smile it is.
He sighs. “You surely detected that the left engine was on fire, right?”
When I give up and turn around again, Mycroft is still there. He shakes his head. “Look at how much you have changed since I died. You have never been a quitter before,” he states.
I give each of the culprits their own part of the office where I store information on them. In working place number one there is Thomas G. Hanson, London's betting king who holds a personal grudge against Janine. “He is angry because I used him for work for a while,” Janine explains.
Then a sound emerges from John's throat and Sherlock's blood freezes. It is a mixture of gasping and retching. Panic is in John's eyes now. He tries to breathe but that only repeats that horrible sound. It is the sound of John dying.
“Is that all right?” I have to ask, because I fail to read his expression. (Hate when that happens.)
“I am sure, John,” I hiss into his ear, pressing him close, not willing to let him go ever again. “I am sure, I am sure.”
I am a bit sorry that John killed her so fast.
Sherlock reached for his chest to feel the scar, only to find his torso still wrapped up in bandages. He sighed. That was annoying. He needed to touch it to get a grip on what had happened.
He is happy.
“What will happen next?” he asked, and when he felt John's body tense up, he moved even closer. He tried to tell himself that he wanted to comfort John with this gesture, and not himself.
“Pick me up at 4.20 pm?”
Sherlock Holmes is in love.
We look at each other for what could be hours but must be minutes. And then suddenly, his  fidgeting stops. The look in his eyes changes. To what, I cannot tell. I am drenched in sweat, beyond pain.
“We need to tell Mike and Stella that we won't pick Rosie up at five then,” John says while I am dialling already.
Now that Sherlock was convinced, the gravity of it all fell onto John like a bag full of bricks. Mary had shot Sherlock. She had willingly harmed him, and badly, almost causing his death. And then she had been holding vigil at Sherlock's bed by John's side, pretending to care for Sherlock, pretending to hope he'd recover. Had she been hoping he would die so he would take her secret with him into his grave?
(the hands holding on longer than the rest of the body, still grabbing the jacket when the legs already gave in, why do people do that? Wish I could ask John, he would know, he always knows, but he´s not here, wish he were)
Whoever the person was, they smelled just like John.
John accepted them and skilfully piling them up on his toast
I leave Belgium in the middle of the night and drive through the Netherlands without stopping.
He looked at Sebastian coldly now, and said, imitating him: “Dear Jim, I'm looking for a way to hurt an old friend of mine. I think you know him already...”
I need to be gentle, of course, Yasmin has been absolutely right about that. Better not to tell him at all, at least not until the baby is born and Mary locked up. Yes, that is the only reasonable course of action. Tell Mycroft, but not John or Mary, and then wait. Patiently. It won't be long now anyway.
But John did not drown. I saved him.
“And then I want you to find him, mere minutes after I took his life.” With that, Sebastian got up, pulling a little at his hair
“Gruesome Lithuanian music,” Sherlock huffs. “And those were love songs. The lyrics would make you cry if I presented them to you in English. I could easily lure you to bed with those lovely lullabies.”
Then he leaves with John.
“What if I am broken?” he asks.
In my mind I can see John being sad for me. Unbearable. I put the violin away and pretend I have been sitting in front of my laptop the whole time.
Molly strongly emphasizes that Sherlock keeps point 15 in mind (Try to avoid "the look". Though I don't know exactly what it is – just don't do it.), no matter how much testosterone his body might produce, but to that Sherlock only huffs. And gives her The Look, just because he can.
John takes out his mobile (doesn't hesitate a second when I ask him to do something. Does not even ask why. Never did.) and searches his contacts for my brother's number.
I consider talking to John, but decide against it. Mary appeared almost instantly after I had woken up. Conclusion: she is monitoring us. I try to spy the camera or microphone, but the room is too poorly lit to find it. Still, she will know that I have talked and punish John for it. At the moment, there is nothing of any value that I could tell John anyway, beside the fact that I am confident that we will make it out of here relatively unharmed.
It lasted for only for a second or two. John must have moved closer, for his voice was louder now, though still just a background noise, not something to make sense of. The smell of his after shave was hanging in the air. Why was that so important?
Afterwards, he spends time with Emmi and whoever would join him (usually me) until his nerves run out and he has to retreat into solitude once more. On good days, he manages to stay until tea time. On bad days, he makes his exit right after breakfast.
Because no, she wouldn't stab him in the back. I don't know anything about her past, but her demeanour at Magnusson's office made it clear that she was trained in what she was doing. No trained assassin would risk facing John Watson in close combat. (Some did so in the past. Not all of them got the opportunity to regret it.)
For a while, everybody around him is understanding and patient. Then, in January, they start giving him advice on how to get on with his life, on how to get over Sherlock. It is a wide range of advice. ”Move out of Baker Street for a while.” “Move to 221C, there's not so much history there.” “Go for a date.” “Buy a mountain bike.” “Write down your memoirs.” “Run a marathon.”
I force myself to listen to what is said on screen. There is a middle-aged woman talking, hoping that today's crash will finally boost her career. (Unlikely.)
The second day is nearly identical. I have breakfast. Calculate the bricks in the wall and delete the result. Have lunch. Forecast the weather. Do my workout. Take a shower. Surprisingly, Mycroft shows up again. He brings along a Stratego game. We play eight matches. I lose every single time. He leaves. I have dinner. Go to bed. Lie awake until a restless sleep overpowers me. I don't speak a single word, not even in my nightmare.
Every time Sherlock wakes up from those dreams, a certain organ aches. He is fairly sure that it is his heart.
Sherlock delivers him with a tasty treat from time-to-time, and John cannot remember having  had better food in his life.
John seems to take his time and that makes my heart do strange unpleasant things, so I tell Emilia about Jennifer Wilson and about H.O.U.N.D and about the rooftop of St. Bart's. Afterwards, John is still with Mary, so I tell Emilia about Janine and her brother who has gone insane, and about Benjamin Jesterton and how I found out that he was lying and …
In the background he heard Mycroft talking to someone on his mobile
No, not Emmi. Not my parents.
“Poor girl,” she said, looking down at Mary, “She never really got over her past, did she?”
John willed down his rapid heartbeat. He tried to turn his head wide enough to look at Moran, and found to his surprise that he had full movement there. Hopefully that surprise hadn’t shown on his face. But Moran was still wearing that smug expression of superiority, if he had noticed the surprise, he had probably misjudged it.
At first he commands himself to remain calm, knowing that Sherlock is only a few metres away and will surely come to the rescue soon. But then his lungs start to burn and there is a shrill beeping in his ears, and he watches his hand losing its grip on his opponent and his vision dims, and for a few excruciating seconds he panics, feeling utterly helpless, wondering if he is dying now.
Leave it to my brother to use the cell material collected during that test to confirm that the child is really John's.
His eyes are opened wide with panic. He knows that he is dying. His breath is forced. “Sherlock,” he gasps, “I, I ...” Unable to talk further. There is a guttural, painful sound coming out of his throat. Blood filling his lungs. I wonder if he will drown before he will bleed to death. His head sags against my chest.
“In the loo, he helped her into one of the stalls. She sank down next to the toilet seat, crying hard. Tried to stand up once more but couldn't. Must have been terribly scared. And in pain. And do you know the best part?”
The last time they were there was when they were (successfully) hunting after the so-called Turquoise Tuxedo Killer, who for some obscure reasons seems to like killing middle-aged women while they were enjoying a TV dinner. Well, as much as one can enjoy a TV dinner, that is. He strangles them from behind, finishes their meal and the attaches the empty aluminium bowl to their hands with a twist tie.
At the moment, he seems to be far from sitting up.
The only times he is not there is when we agree that he needs to see Mary to pretend that there is a chance for reunion. He goes to the gynaecologist with her twice, because there is a prenatal test for chromosomal abnormalities recommended for couples of their age, and the outcome could be rather tragic, but the baby turns out to be all right.
And then suddenly, he was in Sherlock's arms,hidden in a clumsy yet fierce embrace, his face pressed against Sherlock's chest. “You really love me,” Sherlock said again, this time marvel and happiness in his voice.
John gave him a little smile that didn't quite reach his eyes
We spend some time debating who could have both a motive and access to the technical know-how. John and Mary join us. I can see how glad John is that he can finally contribute something. (So glad that he does not even frown every time Mary contradicts him just to keep him at bay.) Janine notices that, her (minimal) reactions telling me that she knows how it feels to be rebuked by Mary in front of others.
We have been together now for 18 months and 4 days, and I can barely remember how we survived before, without little kisses in public and heavy sex in private, without feeling warm inside just because a “we” exists.
He does not move his hand, just holds it in place, and my hips start moving involuntarily. Only that with my foreskin pulled back and the flushing tank of the toilet in my back and John in front of me there is nearly no space for them to move. What was burning need when he started is pain now that erases everything else from my brain. (Bliss.)
* * *
She draws in a deep breath, and I cannot tell if she tells us the truth or not but it doesn't look like a lie but it has to be it has to.
John had to smile a little for Sherlock looked absolutely endearing when pouting. He pulled his chair next to the bed and watched his friend slowly relax into his cushion. Only when he was sure Sherlock had fallen asleep he allowed himself to think about the fact that after all those years, after all that had happened, he was still very much in love with that man.
By the end of the day John kills a man to save Sherlock's life anyway.
Then, without warning, he makes a move sideways, towards John, and in an impossible angle and completely without warning, kisses him.
I mean, all that I have to do is shut up, and no matter what my reputation is, I am sure that I can bring up enough self-control to do so. John has to pretend being sorry for leaving her, soothe her a bit, and by the time she drops her guard I will surely have come up with an escape plan.
Then there had been two meetings with therapists. One was called occupational therapy and included lots of mental exercises that should have been simple but were too much for him. The other one was called “light muscle exercises”. It was meant to strengthen his muscles but turned out to be nothing else but a stupid young man pushing and pulling at Sherlock's legs.
It might be a bit unfair, for John would never mind risking his own life. A fact that Sherlock is clearly aware of (point 8 of his letter, He cares less for his own safety and needs to be taken care for in return. But he does not approve of being threatened at gunpoint.). And yet, John cannot find a way to come over to the memory of Sherlock lying on the floor of that orphanage.
http://www.justice.gov.uk/contacts/prison-finder/holloway
“How can I save someone who does not want to be saved?” I ask Inner Mycroft.
He wonders if it will be possible to relearn how to feel.
When I wake up I am a bit surprised to wake up at all. Still exhausted, I try to lift my head to look around.
“I love you,” Sherlock blurts out. There are many right things John could say now.
“That would be … convenient,” I answer (stiffly) (but with my heart swelling in my chest). John smiles and nods, and I see the smile reaching his eyes. Not kissing him now takes a lot of will-power.
Then parenting instincts take over, and I gratefully allow it. “There is a book shop at the train station,” I start thinking loudly, and my brain slowly takes up it's work again.“We could get her the fish book we wanted to buy last week. You know, the one with all the fish names and the flaps.”
Then his eyes wandered to the file of Julio Adessi, who died at the Pantheon. “Former soldier”. Oh.
I am still looking for a native speaker to become my new beta / proofreader.
John's hand squeezes mine. (He is sitting on my right. Did he do that so he can hold my good hand?) He gives me a half-smile that comes from deep inside his heart.“We survived,” he says, and I return the squeeze. I cannot answer with words but I know I do not have to.
Sherlock felt his stomach clench. So it had not been his love for John that had made his heart beat again, it had been the electric pulse given to him by a surgeon. In his mind, he watched the scene wind back until the surgeons were standing over him again, this time with a defibrillator standing by.
The day Sherlock realises he is in love starts quite boringly. John refuses to shoot a pistol inside the apartment so Sherlock can analyse the powder burns on his hands. He also refuses to shoot it outside the apartment because of the pouring rain.
His whole body still hurt from the beating he had received before, and the strange position he found himself in made his heart race with fear, no matter how hard he tried to neglect that. He collected himself as good as possible, then opened his eyes to let the next round begin.
John felt like somebody was pulling at his legs. His whole world was just turning upside down. Somehow his mind refused to believe it. And yet …
I need to close my eyes to get it together. Too much pain, too much worry, too little hope for far too long. Too many lies, too many mind games.
I open my eyes and find him tied to a chair. Fully clothed. Unhurt (thank God). Tired, angry. Slightly scared, most likely on my behalf. Still relatively fresh shaven. So I have not been out cold for more than three days. If John's beard growth were stronger, I could tell more precisely.
She moved so fast that even John did not stand a chance. In one swift move she closed the gap between them pressing herself against his body. John's eyes widened in surprise, his mouth falling open. When she took a step backwards again, she was covered in his blood.
I remember lying on that sofa, supposed to fall asleep, my thoughts running in circles instead. I never had a dog. Victor has been my friend. John did not drown. I would have killed Mycroft if I had had to. I never had a dog. Eurus loved me so much she killed an innocent boy. Baker Street could be beyond repair. John did not drown. He failed to save the governor’s wife. We all did.
Then I see Mummy and Daddy in the backyard, both kneeling in front of Little Sherlock. Explaining that they are sorry for being angry. Telling him that Mummy will move back in and that Daddy will never smell like the Bird Girl in the dunes again. The little boy is slowly starting to feel loved by them again.
“John, look at me!” he shouts. He slaps his cheek, once, twice but to no avail. “I love you,” he repeats frantically, “do you hear me? I love you!”
“You were taken off ventilation yesterday,” John helped out. And what a fight that had been.
He kept silent for a while, giving Moran a chance to react to all he had heard so far. Clenched his broken fingers once more. Produced a single tear running down his bruised cheeks. And once more, Moran didn't get the fact that he was only helping John with his words: “Sherlock isn't capable of love, John. I know that. I know it.” Because if you admit that he is, you will also have to admit that he just didn't love you. “If he were, he wouldn't have made you believe he killed himself in front of your eyes.”
“Family business,” she says, and when I fail to show an appropriate reaction she explains, “My father left my brother his Blue Book. It's a collection of business contacts, some of his strategies explained, dirty secrets of our rivals, that kind of stuff.” She pulls a face, and Molly looks at her in silent understanding. (Her family wanted her to become a primary school teacher, like all women in the family). “When my brother died, it was handed over to me, just like my father wished. Not that I want to have it. Thank you, Dad.” She crinkles her nose.
When John, who would have very much wanted a cappuccino anyway, thank you, refused to show conviction, Sherlock stated: “Really, ordering cappuccino after twelve is like attaching a mistletoe above your door on Easter Sunday. You wouldn't do that either, would you?” “To be perfectly honest, yes, I would have ordered it anyway. Had I had the chance, that is.”
1butterfly_grl1, how can I contact you?
“We should get a new present for Rosie before picking her up,” John says after a while.
There was absolutely no reason to lie wide awake in the middle of the night, Sherlock knew that. No reason at all. Really. The day had not been that extraordinary. A mediocre theft, a thrilling chase, some happy jewellery owner in the end.
“And voice mails,” Janine interrupts me once more. (Forgot how annoying that was. But voice mails make the fraud a tiny bit more interesting.) “At first it sounded like a voice computer faking my brother’s voice,” she elaborates. “But after a while it sounded exactly like him. And it was interacting with me, answering questions and stuff, like a real person.”
“Anything more I can do for you?” he asks then, almost playfully, to lighten the mood.
Need air. Can't breathe. Don't want to. Feel my body jerking. Steps coming closer. (No!) Dizzy, dizzy.
Mary's maxim surely includes the word “friendly” or “patient” or “good”. John does not care enough to ask. She can be described as “merry”, and John wonders when that has stopped to be something good in his mind.
Lacking John to talk to, I use Janine instead. Once we are out of Jesterton's home, I tell her what I think. The idea of channels Mycroft does not know of does not surprise her at all. She pats my arm (again!) and smiles, “Sherlock, I think it is time for you to meet Yasmin.” When I fail to react, she explains (with the same voice teachers use with nice but slow pupils), “Yasmin is the one person to go to if you want to avoid Mycroft Holmes' attention. She can provide you with anything without your brother noticing. Contacts, identities, weapons, … And she is a real darling.”
The throbbing in my broken wrist gets worse, and my eyes are burning. It is way past midnight. I need to sleep. (Gone are the days of youth when I could run on a case for 45 hours before collapsing on any given underground. I am getting … well, not younger.)
For the first time ever, that worked. Sherlock blinked rapidly, then focused on John. His expression was unreadable. He cleared his throat. “You … love me,” he stated then, and finally met John's eyes.
It had taken him an inexcusable amount of time to figure it out, but in his defence it must be said that (a) it is extremely hard to deduce oneself and (b) never having been in love before he is completely new to the feeling.
We avoid talking about the future, content in our little bubble. I make him smile ten times before dessert.
“Your presence would be welcome,” I write, hating how formal it sounds but unable to find better words to expose my sore heart. Then I continue staring out to the ocean, trying not to feel as lonely as I did in my dream. It is hard but every once in a while I manage to do so for a few seconds.
“Tell me about those sailors,” he says as if he had not been the most ignorant jerk just yesterday. “You care about them, don't you?”
Davies was still talking, he realised, but Sherlock did not follow him any longer. He needed to get exercises just to breathe properly. He would have to wait for two years to know if he was damaged for good or not. Would that be before or after the metal plate would be removed from his chest?
We made it home.
"Bitte mit Kaffee statt Tee," I tell the waitress when we are having breakfast on day six.
So this would be their endgame.
There is no reaction, not even a blink. Sherlock's stomach turns into an ice-cold stone. “John?” he asks, trying to move John's face upward a little so they can look at each other.
Only seconds pass, and the answer comes in, “Hampton Crescent, Gravesend, hunting criminals. Where are you?”
You are far from being perfect for the job, but then, neither am I. You will be unable to give him what he needs concerning points 3, 4 and 8. Do not be alarmed, I have failed at points 5, 9, 13 and 19 on a regular basis and his feelings for me have never changed.
Seb firing at John from over the room, hitting his heart, John's knees buckling, he slowly descends to the ground, reaching for the wound with his hands, presses them against the unstoppable flood, eyes wide in terror and pain, lying on the cold floor, dying slowly enough to wonder why I haven't rescued him, body shutting down, gone.
“Do you need to see a shrink after all you have learnt today?” Sherlock's mind translated.
Sometimes John feels like Sherlock is the safe haven he has always longed for. He knows that no-one can imagine it, but they do have quiet days at 221b, with hanging around lazily and just enjoying each other's company. Those are the days when they are both easygoing and happy.
As soon as the cab reaches the old, empty orphanage, Sherlock jumps out and dashes away, John as closely on his trail as possible. They pass the overslept overseer and stopped at the opening of the orphanage, watching the two men and their two minions. John grabs his gun, but before he can say something, Sherlock just nods at the man sitting on the ottoman, and sprints onwards, right into the centre of the attention.
About getting dressed … What should I wear after taking a shower? I have got nothing with me, for everything I had packed got lost in the crash, I suppose. So what now?
Pezzutto just stared. Sherlock smiled back. “But the murderer ...” the Carabiniere stuttered, “he dropped the cash box on the floor and ...” “Otis?” Sherlock prompted, and John needed a second to realise he was meant. At least he knew now what he should have answered earlier on. “He got shot into the occipital lobe of the cerebrum. Theoretically nothing can be said against him surviving for a minute or two. He could also have been able to move his arms.”
“Did you get some sleep?” John asked
For a while (six minutes) I only listen to John's breaths. He is fighting for his composure, trying not to despair. Then he speaks up again, his voice wavering again, “Did she say the truth?”
He could tell Sherlock he loves him too, and Sherlock's eyes would light up like a rip-roaring celebration, and they would kiss again and would stay together for the rest of their lives in this complicated dangerous crazy perfect relationship.
John was vaguely aware that the two situations didn't have too much in common, only that Mary drove him crazy with … well, with being herself.
16th December
Not knowing how to answer, Sherlock just smiled and kept on breathing.
John (who has watched both of us with a mixture of confusion and dawning comprehension --of what I have no idea) finally chimes in, “Well, did you only come here to complain about boredom, or is there something else we can do for you?”
Outside, the horror continues. Or so I think. There are blurred figures lying on the grass, some attended by medics, some covered, hidden from view already. People are shouting, moaning, crying, rattling.
1. Forgive him.
And then rip off that revealing rope and tumble to the ground with him.
Sherlock gave him the most curious look. “What for?” he asked.
We, the injured with low priority, are left behind in the makeshift shelter, with nothing to do but stare at the wrack of our plane and wait. The sun is shining down on the crash site, and that feels just terribly wrong. Shouldn't it be dark night, or raining?
There are a few extremely painful moments I have to watch again and again, until they slowly start to lose their terror. (John's face when he stops himself from saying “I love you” for the first time. The feeling when I was lying on the ground after being tasered to near death. My relief when my legs gave in.)
When the door opened and Mycroft came in, he barely looked up. Clenched his fists, though. (Mycroft was to notice the little things, and John was supposed to be angry at Mycroft. That was the whole point of Mycroft telling him about how he “accidentally betrayed” Sherlock, after all.) So he dutifully clenched his fists and his jaw and waited for his prompt.
The next two are easy, now that my mind has got used to working like that again. Knowing I won't be able to say much to support my results, I take the time (thirty-eight hours) to write it all down before handing it over to the local historian slash book shop owner.
At that, John explodes. “It's … no, we won't … you can't ...” he stutters and turn to run away.
Oh. Sherlock noticed how his feet stopped walking. He was standing still now, seriously considering what John had said.
Without John, Sherlock tries to enjoy the liberty of calling everybody around him names without being silenced by The John Glance. He smokes cigarettes, is cruel to waitresses, insults idiotic people. Does all the little things he stopped doing because John would have disapproved. It is not half as satisfying as it used to be.
Without taking his eyes from John he got up and called the reception
I love you so much that I have already ordered a crib and made a plan about how to turn your old room into a nursery?
John held his breath for a second. Sherlock had fully woken up. John pushed him away a little, so he could look into his face.
And then I can finally see him. (Breathing, is he breathing?) In the midst of tragedies he is the only person I can see sharply. He is still strapped to his seat, his head lolling to the left (but not too far, no broken neck!). Blood is dripping onto his forehead, mixing with the dirt on his face (but not too much, no danger from loss of blood). (But is he breathing?) His eyes are closed, and his whole body slack (but not completely, like a corpse). He is unconscious (not dead).
When I lift it up I instantly realise that there are several books inside the parcel that only serve to hide the object's true form and weight.
When he wakes up, the feeling lingers for a while, and when he pads into the bathroom he is still fairly happy. And then he realises ...
Soon they are both making up so many new rules to Stratego that they have to giggle with every move they make.
Janine also knows (but won't mention it to Mary. Many little hints in her behaviour tell me that somehow, some time ago Mary got the wrong side of Janine. Interesting. Need to investigate further.)
John hurried to the bathroom and barely thought about opening the tap to drown his voice before answering the call. “What happened? Are you all right?” he asked without ceremony, wilfully trying to sound not half as panicky as he felt. But when he heard Sherlock´s voice, he instantly knew he had every reason to panic. “John, I... Yes, yes, all right. Just...Hi.”
19th December
Still pretending to be sulking a little Sherlock started to pace through the room and explained what had happened in Rome just the other night. Impressively unobtrusive break-in at the Pantheon, remains of first Italian king stolen, three security officers involved, one of them killed.
“Sherlock,” he starts but I interject fiercely.
(young woman between twenty and twenty-four years old, from Salerno, parents with poor education, worked hard to get rid of that accent, lots of routine, bored, good at faking interest, has been working at the reception for two to five years)
Dr Davies made a little break to let the implications settle in and went on, “Well, let's follow the way of the bullet. First, it hit your 5th right rib, shattering it so badly we needed to insert a metal plate to stabilise it.”
I watch him swallowing a moan. Then the whip hits him again and he closes his eyes. The whip hits him again and he draws in a pained breath. He opens his eyes and looks at me. Determination in his eyes, grim and cold.
And that was the main reason why John did not think that today was perfect. He was married to a woman he no longer loved, best friend of the man he loved instead, and had never found the guts to tell at least one of them the truth.
I watch his face fall. We look at each other for what feels like an eternity. “We will survive this,” he says stubbornly.
This time he brings the mail he sent to Mary some months ago, and they go through it together to find out how Sherlock could have messed it all up.
John wants us to write Christmas cards. I objected. He ignored me. Now he is writing a list with people he wants us to write to. I am supposed to do the same. My list so far: Peter Bryan, George Chapman, Thomas Neil Cream, John George Haigh. John is surprised that I am suddenly content with the task.
Emmi is a miracle.
Sherlock watched it in his mind. The shattered rib faded out too to give him a good look at his organs. He observed the projectile travelling through them, tearing open the tissue, making blood starting to flow. He had to swallow.
So I heave my dusty body into the clean hotel bed, turn off the TV, turn off the lights -
All of them react differently to us. Mummy is all fussing worry. Daddy is calm sadness. Emmi is cooing happily. Mrs Hudson is pretending not to cry and pets my head constantly.
And Mary cannot see it, obviously. She chats and laughs, and John chats and laughs with her, but the creases around his eyes barely move, and his eyes are dead. He is broken. Thoroughly and completely broken. Sherlock feels a catastrophic crash building up, and only a minimal instinct of self preservation makes him stumble back into his hotel room before giving in to it.
A hand was gently stroking his back, incessantly. It felt as if all the strength Sherlock has ever had was leaving his body now. He finally gave in, leaned into the embrace, too tired to fight it any more.
Of course I am right. When I wake up the next time, John is flipping through a manila folder. There is an expression on his face I have never seen before. At first, I thought it was anger. Then I realize it is hatred. Never knew John would be capable of hate so concentrated. His jaws must hurt terribly by now.
Mary shook her head. ”Too little too late, John,” she spat.
The smile Mycroft gives me now is a sad one. “Do you still believe it is possible that John made it out of that cellar unharmed, little brother?”
“Okay,” he answers mechanically and leaves the car.
When Emmi demands feeding at 4 in the morning, I am out of bed before John even wakes up properly. Feeding her now is exactly what my battered mind needs. (Love the night feeding. Just her and me, the only people awake in the whole world. The most intimate part of parenthood.)
John looked at him. “You don't imply...” He could not bring that sentence to an end.
Something inside Sherlock breaks.
Hands on my body. Hear my name. Strange feeling in my throat. Not painful, just unpleasant. Restricted. Breathing against resistance. Dim light. A hand on my cheek, soft words murmured. John. His face close to mine. Oh, my eyes are open now. But unable to deduce anything. Want to touch him, but arms feel like lead. Tired. Fall asleep to the soothing sound of his voice.
“What if not?” he insists. “What if I am broken into so many pieces that even you can never put them together again?”
“John,” I start, but he won't hear it. Clenches his hand, shakes his head. Smiles that dangerous smile you only get to see when he is really, really angry. (Why angry?)
- loves his wonderful daughter
More fascinating, though, was the expression it created on Sherlock's face. It was a faraway look, with a smile that made his eyes wrinkle a little. He seemed to lazily observe the surrounding, probably comparing them to those from his childhood memories, and made eye contact with John every other minute, his smile broadening every time he saw that John smiled back.
Camouflaging themselves might have been a quick thing, travelling to Italy without being easily traceable wasn't. It was a good thing that John liked going by plane, for their flight plan from Spain to Italy included so many stops and different planes it would have been a nightmare for someone afraid of flying. They first went to Hungary (“Oh, right, you don't speak Hungarian, for whatever reason.”), then to Sweden (“Really? Not a single sentence?”), then to Morocco (“No Arabic language at all?”), to Greece (“Not even ancient Greek?”), Albania (“Oh, please, you should know at least one of the languages spoken here.”) and finally entered Italian airspace on a scheduled flight from Moscow (“Then how can you ever be helpful when we have to deal with organised crime from Russia?”).
Coming to that conclusion took little time. Accepting that conclusion takes longer. I am not a killer. I only took someone's life once, in self-defence, and it haunted me for months. I never ever murdered someone.
Carol had visited her best friends at the time. The two friends' inconsistent testimonies had been blamed on the fact that the women had been a little drunk that night.
Behind the door, Sherlock waits for his cue, restless. For more than a year, he had fantasies about their reunion. He thinks about how John will be angry, how he will resort to swearing, maybe even punch Sherlock. Or how it can be a refreshing restart of their relationship, hopefully turning it into something more romantic. It could start with a repast at a fancy restaurant, with red wine and ratatouille.
“Oh, John is just fine. At the other schools I’ve worked at everyone prefers to call the receptionists by their first names.”
The halloween party was going to be a bore. Teachers were only asked to attend to watch over the students and make sure that they weren’t drinking alcohol. Though, as they were there for two hours they decided to embarrass the students by dancing in a circle and sometimes getting on the stage and singing. Mr Holmes knew that one of the history teachers was in a band and would sometimes play.
“There’s a new staff member starting at the office today.” Miss Hooper said, with a slight maddening glint in her eye.
“Oh you’re awake, I’ll ring up your family and that curly haired bloke that keeps visiting” The nurse said as he entered the room. He also offered John a glass of water, which he didn’t know he needed until the nurse offered it.
The only memory I am not able to access is what Big Boy did to me (raped me) that last night. I try and try but fail.
Real John gets rough sometimes, but only in the heat of passion. Never controlled like that. He has never caused me pain on purpose. I never told him how I am longing to ask him for it sometimes. “Pants down,” inner John orders in his Baskerville facility command voice. My body obeys without hesitation. While I get rid of my trousers, inner John strips me off my shirt, and within seconds I am naked in front of him.
Sherlock's first day back among the living was turning out to be a complete disaster.
“Really?” Sherlock eyes him curiously, “When?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(it reads,)
When the autopsy is done, she leaves me alone with him. (Can't bring myself to think of him as “the body”.) I stare at him, completely unsure of what I am feeling and what I am supposed to be feeling. In a childish impulse I reach out and touch his (left) temple, the way I did to wake him up when I was still a little pirate that needed comfort at night. He does not wake up, of course. I let my hand linger there, feeling the cold skin.
His eyes flicker, then open (unfocused. Concussion?) He tries to focus on me and somehow that sends a piercing pain down my chest. His lips move (“Sherlock.”) but he makes no sound.
No, too cheesy.
There is a little puddle of blood underneath the chair. Would fit a bleeding nose. Dried already. So I was out cold for more than four hours. She has beaten him, broken his nose and tied him to the chair again when he lost consciousness.
The nurse also told John how Sherlock had spent eleven days in a row by John's side, only to flee the very moment John had woken up.
“I wanted to question the survivors before they flee back to their dull little homes but I can already tell that the two of you have got nothing fruitful to give.”
“How did you make him confess?”
“God, can you answer it?”, John shouts without thinking - and we both freeze.
I can't remember when I last ate something - just like I can't remember when I tore down everything from my make-shift evidence wall. But the diagrams are lying on the floor and I am not starved to death, so I must have done both at one time or another.
As if reading his mind, John smiled a little, then sobered and looked at his right hand that was carefully placed on his belly.
Always make sure that Sherlock is fine, too. He might be a bit slow, but I love him anyway.
“Stop being an idiot,” he huffs and places John's hand onto his own.
I was standing on that first step all the time, frozen, not sure if his heart really broke more than mine that day. He tried to go on, but after ten days he realized that he couldn't. Barely brought himself to ask me to take care for Maddie. Promised in return to send me one sign a week to show that he was still carrying on.
Of course, afterwards Sherlock will blame himself for not being on alert in time. But the current case is brilliant, a murder covered up as an auto-erotic accident. Solving it includes analysing several obscure alkaloids, running through London at night to find an armadillo, and a fistfight with an androgynous mime that makes clear once again that John is so much more than an army doctor. Sherlock is filled with absolute adoration. Back home it becomes clear that winning a dirty fistfight works like an aphrodisiac for John, and that the attraction he feels towards Sherlock is still there. It takes them a really long time to fall asleep afterwards.
Now, on the other hand, there was disinfectant in the air, and the perfume one of the nurses always used, and - and John. Sherlock inhaled deeply through his nose. Not just John's after-shave, but also the smell of his cleaning agent and his shampoo and the very essence of his body odour.
After closing the door, I remain standing outside and listen to Rosie falling asleep. First, she tells Doggy about the fish from her new book, then she quotes films we have seen, then she sings a few nursery rhymes. Then the singing stops mid-sentence, a sure sign she has fallen asleep.
Besides Christmas, there is something else nagging at my mind. John spent three months in Scotland, and no matter how much I try not to think about it, it slowly drives me crazy that I do not know anything about those three months besides the little bits I was able to deduce.
“What happened to us?” I ask him, knowing, accepting how small I sound.
Thank you for reading, commenting, subcribing, leaving kudos and enjoying this. :-)
The one person to know is Mycroft, that prick. How a phlegmatic person like him can understand such an energetic concept like love is completely beyond Sherlock. But Mycroft knows.
So instead, I think about names. But how do you name someone you don't know yet?
I watch him standing there, watching me in return. See his body sagging, his face shifting from anger to sadness. “You had no idea.” he (correctly) deduces then. Wish I could look away. He shakes his head, (obviously) torn between hitting me and hugging me. “With your enormous brain and brilliant skills and all, you had no idea that love you.”
What he can say without doubt is that Sherlock looks at him very closely, as if taking in the new jeans and shirt very closely. Judging from the way Sherlock's lips and eye brows move ever so slightly, he likes what he sees.
* * *
So, instead of turning away for good, he gave Sherlock a clap on his back, and then went to find the phone to tell the room service they needed some tea. Sherlock remained standing at the window for what seemed like forever, ignoring John, tea and everything around him, but with his shoulders a lot more relaxed than before.
One day in autumn, Mycroft sends him a letter John has written to him. It was obviously written down in anger, torn apart with desperation, retrieved from the rubbish bin after two hours, glued back together by one of Mycroft's minions.
Some of the pages that I needed for Sherlock's thoughts:
(I do not need that information but I feel somehow closer to home here.)
Three weeks after Mycroft's death our patience is running low. Still no sign of where Mary is hiding, still no word from my parents and Emmi, still no idea what Mary is planning to do. John's nightmares about his evil ex-wife finding Emmi are so terrifying that he refuses to tell me the details. I don't have nightmares because I only sleep when my body forces me to.
Sherlock harrumphed at the idea but John would have nothing of it.
Tiredness pulls me into pre-sleep soon enough. My body struck down with exhaustion, my mind uncontrollably racing. A dreadful state of mind. There is genius lurking in my thoughts when I'm like this. There is also madness lurking.
“Sherlock” he said
There was pain on Sherlock's face, and not only from talking. John could feel the betrayal in that shot. His anger only grew deeper.
He remembers meeting Mycroft in the morgue. The punch into Mycroft's face is probably one of the best memories from that time. He is not quite sure if he really called Mycroft a mangy motherfucker, but he likes to believe he did.
Sherlock tried to give him at least a little growl but failed. Instead, he just concentrated on breathing for a while.
Sherlock spends Christmas somewhere in South America. A mistake, he soon realises. Should have spent it in a non-christian country, without choirs singing hymns on how lovely it is to love each other.
Babies do.
Oh yes, he can deduce certain feelings that have clear signs, such as fear (fidgeting, gasping, tense and jerky muscle movements, trembling lip) or jealousy mixed with frustration (animated body language, sharp hand movements, and / or head shaken in disapproval) (the real reason why Mr. Williams from 225 took Mrs. Turner on a trip to Taiwan). But when it comes to the more subtle things in life, he feels lost.
“I am sorry,” I offer, and he shakes his head.
He does the groceries when Sherlock is like that. On more than one occasion he comes home to find Sherlock talking to him again, assuming they are still in the middle of the discussion they had started before Sherlock blanked out.
I have to snort, telling him without words that this is not enough for me to understand. The massage goes on, and after a while he says, “I knew how to maximise our chances of survival, and I told you so, and you followed my orders, and we survived. I cannot explain it properly,” (there is honest pain in his voice, the feeling of not being understood, the inadequacy of his words) “but we survived. We dropped 27,500 feet from the sky and survived. I feel like -” I hear him drawing a breath. “I feel like we can survive everything!”
I recall the posts of countless other parents. “Apparently yes,” I tell him. “It looks as if children at the age of three are just as eager to test their boundaries as children at the age of two are.” I only partly listen to myself while I quote from some of the more drastic reports. Stomping, screaming and kicking is mentioned a lot, and I watch John nodding in agreement.
Then he looks into my eyes for a second. What I see there is painful. I take a second to take him in completely. (Dull hair. Wrinkles around his eyes. Dark bags underneath them. Barely any physical tension. Looks at the ground to avoid my glance. No emotion on his face other than resignation and tiredness.)
He was gone faster than John's eyes could follow him.
The plan unravels. John “forgives”, Mary believes, everybody has punch or tea, John brought his gun and the helicopter is perfectly on time.
He finally, finally lets go, but only to repeat what he did. I think my arms are flailing, my hands finding some part of John's body (arm? back?) and I grip him hard.
He had to lay his head down again and tried not to start panting. He would need a long time to heal.
“What kind of work was that?” John wonders, and Janine gives him the cutest smile.
John didn't struggle when he was tied to the chair, didn't try to break free at the crucial point where Moran had to loosen the hand-cuffs in order to tie John's arms to the chair, didn't take his chance to kick Moran right in the face when his legs were free for a moment before they, too, were tied to the chair. He knew he wouldn't make it out of this room by physical force.
After nine hours Mycroft declares the investigation over for today, referring to Mary's physical state but looking at me the way he did when I was five. I start complaining instantly, but he watches me unimpressed. Then he presses something into my hand. “Go home, Sherlock,” he says patronizingly, but there is a little smile hidden in his eyes. I look at what he has given me. The keys to 221b. I hate when I am speechless because Mycroft does something heart-warming.
I do not hope for him to show up. Better start working on not being disappointed.
When they are waiting for the results from the lab Sherlock snoozes lightly and John steals himself away for a minute to get some coffee. When he comes back into the hospital room, Sherlock is crying silently, with shaking shoulders. John just sits next to him, stroking his back. No words are spoken, but they do not need words now, anyway.
They stayed like that for a long time, just holding each other. Then John felt Sherlock's body growing heavier in his arms. “You're exhausted,” John stated, silently cursing himself. He should have thought about the state Sherlock's body was in. Still suffering from the gunshot with all its consequences.
(concerned. Scanning my face for signs of tiredness, still concerned about my welfare, everything could be fine again, has to be fine again, it was so long ago but body held extremely straight, reserved feels awkward).
He just looks at me for a moment, indecisively.
I look at John again, and for a moment I wish I could just talk about being scared.
He is ashamed, Sherlock deduces, because of his apparent lack of fine motor skills. Probably even ashamed for nearly dying. John can be very stupid in that regard some times. But that is fine, really, because Stupid John is something Sherlock can handle perfectly.
When Harry mentions that she does not really believe he feels better because he is just too manic, he makes sure to appear moody occasionally. It works. It would not have worked with Sherlock, but he is dead, so that does not matter any longer.
“Why is that tourist wearing a towel on his head, John?” (It's a traditional turban, have you really never seen one before?)
Anyway. When John and Emmi join me for dinner, the three of us are just happy for a while. And when John puts Emmi to bed I remain happy. So happy in fact that I can only play light tunes on the violin.
Sherlock broke into a fierce run,
Here we go again. Still warnings for angst and stuff.
Mary would not want to read that, for sure. She probably thinks masturbating should only be done on Mondays in May or something.
“Did he hurt you as well?” I know the answer already, but somehow it feels right to ask. The politeness John emanates seems to be rubbing off on me.
He remembered his horror at seeing Magnussen die by his own hands. He still felt the recoil of the weapon running all through his body. He remembered thinking that if Mycroft's snipers had shot him afterwards, it would not have been injustice in his mind.
“I will have to sort it out with Mary,” John then goes on. “And I might need Mycroft's help when it comes to the …
I what?
Mary turns around now, faces me. What a sick move. She wants me to deduce her. She wants me to try deducing her and fail. Which I do.
I wish I could tell him that I'd prefer to be woken by him rather than waking up alone.
(time to watch him more closely: attitude a lot more self-confident than in his youth, face and hands very soigné, expensive clothes that look deceptively plain, eyes hard, has lost weight fast lately, dark rings under his eyes nearly covered by make-up, mourning?)
Special thanks to Jolie_Black who beta-ed this chapter simply because she is such a wonderful person. Thank you, dear!
I realize something is wrong the second I enter the room. John is sitting in front of the small TV we bought some time ago, stiff and alert. Then I look at the screen.
Then suddenly a thought hits me with the brutal force of an unpleasant epiphany.
“Well,” she tells us, “didn't you look at the spearhead? Compared to others we have already seen, they must be dated back to 5,000 BC. Pottery Neolithic B.”
John had to smile at that. “I've missed you,” he said then, meaning not only the fifteen days of coma but also the time after his wedding. Sherlock held his glance for a moment, then broke eye contact, looking rather touched.
As always, biggest thanks to my wonderful betas. I am blessed to have you with me.
He could sense motion, and touch, somebody squeezing his hand, and then there was some noise. A voice washing over him, warm and gentle and protecting. John.
The disadvantage, on the other hand, is clear: I would not be able to back-pedal and hide my presents should things deteriorate until Christmas Day.
Mycroft paused the file again. “You know that it is not true,” he stated, watching his brother closely. “Yes” Sherlock lied. Had he been a less controlled person, Mycroft would have rolled his eyes. “Observe,” he said, gesturing at John's face, relaying the scene frame by frame. “Notice how his lips relax and his eyebrows rise. He had been facing problems before, but now he's gaining ground again.” And when Sherlock still didn't react properly, he emphasised again: “Because what Sebastian says is not true.”
Of course she likes the blog. Everybody does. Feel a surge of pride at that thought. Strange that I have been jealous of John's success once.
He remembers the seventh morning without Sherlock. He got up, went into the kitchen and made tea – two mugs, as usual. Then he realises what he just did. This is his last clear memory, the rest of the month is hidden underneath a thick layer of fog.
Could I talk, I would point out that if she'd really loved John, she surely shouldn't have fast, rough sex with Big Boy less than twenty minutes ago but there is no way to stomp that message, too.
One night, I have the most gruesome nightmare of all. Nothing spectacular happens, no dramatic scenes take place. I am simply walking through the streets of London, alone. I know that I am alone because John and Emmi are gone. I pass through crowds of people but whenever I get closer to some of them they move away. I am isolated amongst the masses (the way I was before John). Mary is always somewhere to be seen in the distance, watching me wordlessly.
John shook his head. “Sherlock, no, really. You don't know the extent of that shot.” He took a deep breath and explained, “The bullet went through one of your ribs, your lung, your liver, your right phrenic nerve and your right rectus abdominis muscle. Each and every of these caused further complications, including a dangerous cardiac tamponade that made your heart stop for a while. You will suffer from all this for months.”
By the time Sherlock knocks the man out, John is barely conscious.
I still don't comprehend what is going on. Why is he talking about changing things? I never expected him to. Why is he …
My head is full of words and my heart is full of feelings. I try to speak a few times and then give up. For a while I am satisfied to watch the landscape rushing by outside the window. Trains are good. They are at ground level most of the time. (In the back of my mind a little voice tries to inform me about famous train accidents but I refuse to listen. Trains are safe, I tell myself. Trains are safe.)
How can he grin when I am at the edge of panic? He might be a natural talent when it comes to grinning.
It should not be funny, but it is. Lestrade looks like he wants to punch them, so the pair of them  retreat rather quickly after solving the case. On their way out of the “gay” flat Sherlock briefly wonders if he is gay. No, he clearly is not. If he has to be anything, he is Johned.
When we kiss like that, I always remember years of doubt, of not even knowing he was my friend, not believing he could ever be a lover. Hearing those sounds out of his mouth, simply because it is me he is kissing (for I do little more than kissing back, I think), is such a powerful turn-on.
Before long, John lowers me on a sofa and covers me with a blanket. Then he sits next to me, allows me to lean against him once more, and dials a number he seems to have learned by heart. Puts the call on speaker so I can hear as well. Only one ring, then the call is answered.
Well, so close that there is little doubt left about the sexual nature of our relationship. I would like to watch the parrot woman disappear but John's body is pressed against mine and his hips are moving (more or less) in time with the music and he is bumping against me again and again and it only takes a few seconds before I am completely aroused.
Meaning he did not want to wake Sherlock. Meaning he wanted to be alone. Or he wanted to be polite. After all the years John was still a mystery to Sherlock in that way. The sounds from the kitchen ceased. No steps on the stairs. John was staying in the kitchen, drinking his tea.
I was pushed into a grey room where an unimpressed security guard undressed me, searching for guns in my clothes and for drugs in the most private places. Try to delete that memory instantly, but it does not work.
Some time after reviving 221b, John joins Sherlock in his attempt to redraw his map of London. He does not want to be available too readily, but he has to face the truth: he missed Sherlock terribly, and with his feelings slowly coming back to normal, it seems stupid not to spend time together.
There is a celebration, of course. The mayor is there and the island's chronicler's son (who will never be called “the island’s chronicler” because he cannot fill his father's shoes but is the only one on Amrum who does not know that) and the local press (which also means the chronicler's son) and the chronicler's son's photographer with his girlfriend and some tourists. Students from the island's primary school do something that loosely resembles making music.
With that, he left the two. In the door, he stopped again, and added, “Tell him about Redbeard if you must, and get the hell over it.”
“Maybe we you conclude this talk another time?” John asked, and Dr Davies nodded.
I look at him and try to smile as well, “Must be boring.” He laughs a little. (Been a while since I managed to make him laugh.) (Funny how that makes me feel warm inside.)
He meets Greg over some mulled wine at the Christmas market, but then realises that alcohol is probably not the best idea right now. For drinking himself senseless is far too tempting, and he does not think he could stop his drunken self from doing something extremely stupid.
Sherlock looked back at John with an expression that reminded John of a little child. Innocent. Completely naïve. “She is your wife,” he explained, “You love her and we need to ...”
“Yes, John, you should be scared. Sherlock's not going to find you, you know?” Moran teased him. “I know how his mind works, and believe me, I'm exactly where he will be searching last. When it will be to late to save you.” Again, John allowed some of his fear to surface. This could turn out to be a bit tricky, keeping unwanted emotions at bay while displaying them to Moran at the same time. He swallowed unwillingly.
“I had, yes. They called me when they could not shake you out of this nightmare.” And John had come here in the middle of the night without hesitation, no doubt. Sherlock felt grateful beyond words.
Strange how disasters sometimes make everything all right again.
If other people have died, John might as well.
And now it is finally time for things to get better. Hang on. :-)
The next morning I sit in our backyard, staring at my mobile. It should not be that difficult, right? Because after all, it is John I want to call.
My mind starts racing, deducing five people per minute. I am only half aware of John guiding me towards our hotel (smiling). I think I am sharing some of my deductions with him but I am not sure. No time to listen to myself. My mind is working at full speed again, finally, and I love every second of it.
I open the parents’ page again but my eyes refuse to focus on the letters. Instead, my whole body seems to be scanning the plane for signs of trouble. There is nothing to be found. We are flying steadily again, no sound out of place, no vibration that does not belong here. The crew is calm. Then why am I unable to relax?
And while I am busy not kissing him he closes the already small space between us and strokes my arm. Fondly. Then he blushes and smiles at me shyly.
So again, I am sorry for not finishing "Falling from the sky".
Okay. Given the fact that nothing would happen to us anyway, that sounds like a reasonable thing to do.
His mobile was quiet.
I try to concentrate on the movement of his hand, but the thoughts inside my mind start whirling around again. Too exhausted to move them into a productive direction. Too exhausted to control them at all. I am sick and sad and lost, and only John keeps me sane at the moment. So much I need to tell him. So much I should have told Mycroft when I still had the time.
I don't know how to answer to that, so I just say, “Fine.” It sounds hollow in my own ears but is the best I can manage. (How do I feel, by the way? No idea.)
Yet one thing is clear without complicated deductions: Emmi is craving attention, and so am I. We are the perfect match. My parents take care of her when I am working on the unknown sailors' identities but I cannot bring myself to turn my attention away from her for long.
Different treatments, meaning that Mary has different end games for us in mind.
When she settles into my lap, eyes half closed, contently sucking her milk, I take the chance to study her minutely. She is more John than Mary, her nose already shaping in a way that leaves no doubt about his fatherhood. The colour of her eyes is still changing every couple of weeks, and her hair is slowly framing her funny little head with an aura of blonde. Wonder how much of Mary we will find in her as she grows up.
Still, the fear of hurting him is never far away. Neither is my inner Mary and her terrible shirt. Looks like the arrow is bigger every time I see her in my mind. Like when I mention to John that I am about halfway through with creating a plan to bring Magnussen down. (One of the few advantages of rehab. Endless time to think about important matters while sitting on that ridiculous stationary bike whose name I delete again every day.)
I am left behind cursing my own stupidity and his anger and the world as a whole and when Mrs Sonderson passes by I tell her about her husband cheating on her with the police officer and wince when that does not make me feel any better.
“You should take a little nap,” John suggested.
2. John likes to take care. Give him situations in which he can do so, e.g. you could sprain an ankle or catch the flu. That will heal him faster than your tedious “Time heals all wounds” mentality. Time does not heal all wounds. Believe me.
“At the pool, for example.” Moran had gone back to ruffle John's hair, a motion that made him feel even sicker than the pain in his finger. “I can imagine the look in his eyes when you started talking, that split-second he thought you were Jim. Must have been the same look he had when he suspected me to be the murderer for the first time ...” His voice trailed off, his eyes lost in the past.
All too soon he gently pushes me back. "We need to come out of the bathroom soon," he says (softly with regret). A glance at the clock shows me that the whole thing has only taken four minutes.
It was clear that Sherlock was trying to process what he had just heard. John could see his mind racing. There had been days when he thought he would never see that brilliant mind at work again.
When she is on her way out, she turns around one last time. “Watch out for your family, Sherlock,” she says seriously. “Mary is really, really angry. Please don't underestimate the resentment of a woman.”
An attempt at humour? He could not have taken me more by surprise if he had stripped himself naked and snogged me senseless. I have to smile a little. So does he. Well, it is not really a smile, but his face brightens somehow and some of the wrinkles around his eyes seem to magically disappear.
I love you so much that I cannot stop composing music about you in my head whenever I miss you but cannot bring myself to write down the notes because nothing I compose can ever match your smile?
I play a few pieces John likes, including the one I composed for him in my head the week before Christmas. One day I will tell him that it is his song. One day I will tell him, and he will be able to deal with it. One day.
When we enter our flat, my parents are there. Mrs Hudson sitting together with them (has been crying). Emmi is on mummy's lap. She smiles at us when we come closer. I step closer to pick her up. John doesn't.
His voice breaks and apparently he is unable to go on without crying. So am I. But his hand is still placed underneath mine.
I take John's hand, a gesture that stops his emergency monologue instantly. “She loves you,” I tell him, “And so do I.”
His body moves towards mine instantly (a subconscious movement, two objects that belong together, finding each other like two magnets), his hands clinging to my coat, his whole body shivering in anticipation. Our bodies are so close that I can feel every little crease in his shirt.
There is nothing soft, nothing romantic about sex today. John is inside me before I can think of relaxing, his hand closes around my cock with determination and starts to move in time with his hips. I feel my body going stiff with arousal, feel my hips moving, intensifying John's movements. I am drenched in sweat, mine and his, and he just does not stop. He pushes forward and pushes and pushes, and I move along. Not sure if I am breathing.
Only when John makes a strange little noise does Sherlock's attention focus on him. He is only slightly alarmed and proudly presents the fact that he has learned social basics, “Are you all right?”
Sherlock was heading from Switzerland to Russia, to start tearing down Moriarty´s net. And Moriarty was dead, but John still needed to appear mourning. He resisted the urge to send another “Be careful!” Instead, he cleared the message, wavered back to his chair and continued to give his impression of broken, lonesome John Watson.
* * *
When Daddy comes back (has been searching for me on the land-side of the island judging from the dirt on his shoes) there is some emotional (and completely unavoidable) hugging but far less than I feared. He ends it with some manly shoulder clapping and I pretend not to notice how relieved he is to see me being (relatively) fine.
point 14 (He enjoys being loyal. Create situations for him to stand by your side, e.g. start a minor fight with your parents. Even better when fighting over something when you are wrong. He will protect you anyway and feel heroic about it.),
Part 1
Molly is very helpful and makes sure Sherlock executes all those rituals. He wonders if he would get away with killing her by claiming to have suffered from amnesia or if the annoyed woman from the other side of the room might give him an alibi.
I must have slept, eaten, gone to the toilet, but the memory of that is inaccessible. A memory that floats to the surface again and again is Magnussen's dead face.
“Shut up!” I hiss. John opens his eyes and gives me a curious look, but a slight change in the pressure I am applying closes his eyes again and forces out a (wonderful) (aroused) (arousing) moan. I lean forward and let my tongue slip into his open mouth just to make sure he will forget my blunder.
“I missed you,” he mumbles drowsily.
The next two non-John-days pass in a haze. Mycroft ensures me that he is still trying to help me out, “I am already organizing backup for you in Serbia.” But I know that he has to be discrete about it and hence is limited in his resources. It is unthinkable what would happen (especially to our parents) should it become widely known that the Iceman is in fact a loving family man.
and wake up (for real this time) in a hospital room. While my brain struggles to fully regain consciousness, I feel like I've lost something I never had first place.
“I wish I had your epidermis,” one of the elves sighs, instead of telling Sherlock what he has seen two hours before. “I'm sure you wouldn't have to epilate your legs to wear my costume.” “Effeminate bastard,” John thinks. He has never been jealous before. Now he is.
(unpleasant, can't help but stiffen, Seb noticed, causes him pleasure, don't pull back),
Amrum is lovely. Go, visit it. I wish I could be there more often.
He took a deep breath and said, with a wavering voice that was not as faked as he would have liked it to be: “Because he doesn't trust me enough.” Made a mental note to kick Sherlock's arse for not telling him. He knew he would never forget the sound his middle finger made when all three bones in it got smashed the same time.
“You saved my life,” I remind him. Why do I have to remind him? He had been there, too. He must know that I would have given up without him. I would be dead by now if it had not been for him.
John stopped mid-sentence when a loud shot broke through the quietness of the afternoon. He instantly felt a sharp pain at the back of his head, and then something wet dripping down his neck. He froze with sheer panic for a second, and Sherlock staring at him with obvious horror didn't help. The world stood still, and every nerve cell in his body was firing with tension.
One of those afternoon walks inadvertently leads us to the Cemetery of the Homeless. The better part of the crosses is now equipped with signs that give you the names and origins of the no longer unknown sailors.
Then I receive a text from Janine, telling me that she convinced Jesterton  to confess.
The noose tightens the moment my body sags down, and I am unable to breathe. But there is no panic this time. It will be over soon. It will be …
"Oh darn it. If we are wrong there are two more violins waiting for you. Just in case."
Sometimes he feels like he is condemned to live like this forever, feeling cold and homeless. “A case, I need a case,” he thinks. A good, solid, ordinary case. In London. With John by his side. He does not need a case. He needs his old life.
John's smile became softer somewhat. “And yet, here we are,” he said and gestured Sherlock to sit down. Sherlock complied. For a second, he saw John in that dirty alleyway again, how it would have happened if John had not been quick enough. The thug's knife would have hit John's carotid artery straight away, the blade being sharp enough to slice through it like butter. John would have collapsed before Sherlock could have reached him. He would have been still alive when Sherlock would have taken him in his arms and dead merely seconds later.
“There is no way your spy can move that many squares and he is called spy and not consulting  detective” John complains at one point.
She has developed a liking for everything yellow only yesterday, John says, so we spend hours inside and outside the house, showing her everything yellow we can find.
Feel my body squirming. Can't stop it, am beyond control and loving it. All of sudden, he jerks my hair again so that my head is turned to the left. Inner Mary is standing there, watching us in speechless outrage. God, how much more aroused can I get before dying of heart attack? “She will watch us until the end,” inner John explains. Now, please, now now now.
When he was placing the cup in the sink (where it would mysteriously disappear sometime tomorrow, only to reappear in the cupboard, cleaned and dried. He suspected Mrs Hudson's doing here but never bothered to find it out) he heard distinctive steps on the stairs.
We stay embraced like that for half an eternity. Later, when we re-enter the reality outside the bath room, I watch him carefully. His steps are lighter, his face looks younger than it has in months. Every now and then he gets sober, sighs, and then goes on.
I need two days to fully observe and catalogue everything she has learnt during our separation (sitting, crawling with her belly rubbing on the floor, eating pulp, biting).
Big Boy is with her, carrying a tray in his hands and a folding table under his arm. For a second I am scared that there are torture devises on the tray but it turns out that they only brought food and gauze. Meaning: She intends to keep us here for quite a while and cares enough for John to treat his wounds.
Endless thanks to both GoSherlocked and katzedecimal for their ongoing beta-ing. You two are fantastic.
Weddings and babies might or might not change things. Kisses and love declarations certainly do. When John makes it perfectly clear that there will be no more kissing until I stop scaring away one therapist a day, I have no choice but obey.
No! He must not think that. "Don't ..." I start and (without thinking) reach for his arm, try to make him stay.
“I love you,” I gasp between kisses. We barely talk during sex, and when something is said, it is of immense importance.
On my way back home from the cemetery, I take my time to walk along the walkway through the dunes instead of going straight home. A bad idea, for my mind insists on working. And with no new riddle to solve, it starts analysing my current state of mind.
Sherlock Holmes is lying on his sofa, analysing all the feelings that are new to him. Apparently it hurts when you reveal your love to someone and learn in return that he is going to marry someone else. Obviously a situation like that leaves you relatively hopeless.
“What does the forum say?” John asks with an innocent look on his face, “Is her behaviour still normal?”
“What do you think, how many times can he still stand all that hurt before he will leave you?” She squeezes my buttocks, then one of her hands moves swiftly to my front. I flinch, but her other hand holds me firmly in place. Stronger than in real life, of course. No way to get away from it. She starts to caress my penis through my trousers. My throat closes, feel like I can barely breathe, and yet my (imaginary) body reacts to her (imaginary) stimulus. (Absolutely embarrassing.)
Did that also long before he knew I love him. Had to sneak up into his bedroom and always remember to rearrange the sheets of his bed when leaving again.
Apparently my thoughts are still a bit on the erratic side.
We move so slowly that it is almost paralysing. But going back to where I left my car would be a detour.
Relieved, I decide to go to bed. So many nights with nightmares have left me more tired that I care to admit. The second I lie down, I realize that Mary's smell is on the pillows and the duvet and the sheets. Wish it was John's smell. I could lie for hours and just smell John. Did that when he was living here again, before moving back to her.
When John returns from the loo he looks at me and fights hard not to be disappointed.
John shakes his head immediately, so intensely that Mary turns around to look at me. She is even more disgusted by me than John is by her.
He is by John's side only seconds after his body hit the ground. Ignores the fact that his hands are trembling when he checks for vital signs. He finds none. Cardiac arrest, his minds delivers. Chances of survival exist only if ambulance is called fast and CPR is given immediately.
What?! – JW
"Better keep walking John. Wouldn't want to ruin your wedding. There's just  some minor complications that we managed to sortout. Don't worry, you'll still be wed to the one you love most," was Harry's reply, beaming, before leaving John at the aisle and joining Clara. John only shook his head. He tried asking Mary, mouthing the words what's happening but Mary only just smiled.
Sherlock sighed. He never thought that this was going to happen when Mary asked him to see her before the ceremony started. This was getting out of hand fast.
Gagging from the taste, Mycroft cleared his throat first for a couple of times before responding, "It's not a game Sherlock. I'm simply doing what any brother this society deems need to be done when their younger siblings are having problems."
"Sherlock, please." begged Mary.
Not thinking, Sherlock raised his fist to hit Moriaty, however, expecting the reaction, Moriaty stepped back. Sherlock ended up stumbling forward, dropping on his knees. Sherlock may have looked lean once but his reaction after coming back was taking its toll on him. Without John forcing him to eat and sleep, he was getting thin. It was visible through the suit he was wearing now. Once hugging his lean, muscular body, it now hung on his stooped shoulders.
"Isn't it why you wanted to see me? To kill me?" continued Sherlock while trying his hard to stand up but failing.
What do you mean being taken care of? - JW
Pretty soon Sherlock was humming a song. John thought it was one of Sherlock's
"What is?" was Sherlock's confused reply.
Why do you care? – SH
"You. St. Bart's. Your phone call. Moriarty. The blood." Replied John who had a faraway look in his eyes, as if he was still seeing it now even though it happened 2 years ago.
"Hmmm?"
"Oh. Don't worry about that." replied Mary, shrugging of Sherlock's hold on her. "It's already been taken care of." was the last thing Mary said before heading out of the door.
"No, he won't," agreed John.
"John I think you're being too melodramatic. I never ---"
Without a minute of hesitation, Sherlock ran up to John's room and entered.
"I know," replied Mary, "I would too, but somehow I don't think it's what he wants."
John found Sherlock smiling as he entered the room. He was holding Hamish's picture. It was taken during his sixth birthday. He was so happy then. They allowed him to skip school, instead they went sight-seeing around London then ate dinner at a fancy restaurant, Mycroft's treat of course. Sherlock joined them after just solving a case and gave Hamish an unwrapped chemistry set, not like the kid's set of course. Hamish would've been just insulted. His intelligence surpassed those of his age by then. No, Sherlock gave him his very own set, the ones people used in laboratories and the like. John suspected that Sherlock asked for Molly's help in getting those for Hamish but as long as Hamish was happy, he was happy. But Hamish was gone now and once again, John felt his hate and grief surface again.
"Brave? Yes he was brave as me but at least I didn't put him in line of danger. I never used him as a messenger to Lestrade when you are being watched. You might've adored him but you didn't love him enough to ensure that he would be safe before getting your culprit," shouted John. "GET. OUT. SHERLOCK. AND STAY OUT OF MY FAMILY, OR AT LEAST WHAT'S LEFT OF IT."
"I can give you a hundred and one reasons why it is not weird but we can save it for the morning. For now, open your mouth for me John."
What's that supposed to mean? I have a patient right now and they may or may not require my immediate attention. I'll be home in an hour. Patience, Sherlock, patience. JW
"Hamish's case?" inquired John, shocked. "He caught the culprit?"
I prefer to text. And why are you still replying on text then? – SH
But he's my best man! For God's sake, where is he?! - JW
"None for me please," replied Sherlock as he looked around the house. The last time he was here, a little boy was running around. He never liked children, but he liked Hamish. Brave like his parents and clever like Sherlock. He was always asking him questions, about his cases and their favourite subject, chemistry. He brought joy and love not only to his parent's lives but to Sherlock's also. He was one of the few people he opened up his heart to and that brought a smile to his lips.
"Shall I turn off the lights?" asked Sherlock.
"I am clever but I am not perfect, I thought you'd know that better that everyone."
"The song you're humming before. The one by Imagine Dragons."
"Are you done?" asked Sherlock, finally speaking up. His mask finally back.
Trying hard to keep his voice and temper down John replied, "Sherlock if this is one of your experiments then this is definitely not the right time for it. It's my wedding for god's sake!"
No more words were exchanged between the two until John set the cup of tea in front of Sherlock and took a seat himself.
"I mean, ... you don't have to. I mean - "
"Told us what?" asked Mary as he joined the two who just finished talking to some of the other attendants. Truthfully though, they already had enough of condolences. Words don't ease the suffering or fill the void that came with Hamish's death. Nevertheless, he was grateful for Mary's courage and strength to deal with them.
"I asked you first brother dear. I think you need to answer my question first," Mycroft replied calmly as he took a sip from his own glass.
"Great deduction Detective Holmes," replied John. Despite his condition, he still hasn't lost his sarcasm, a trait which Sherlock was fond of. John was leaning against his window and watching the drops on water on the sill. He hadn't even noticed it was raining.
He won't. And again it's none of your business. Good day Mycroft – SH
Really, Mycroft? Your CONCERN is highly needed or appreciated, why bother when you have Gavin Lestrade – SH
"It's Demons isn't it?" asked John
"You know he did John. And Hamish loved him too."
"How could you have miscalculated? I saw you. I've been with you in many of your cases. I have even blogged about you, even until now. I saw your brilliance, your cleverness and your ability to take everything in so how could you make a mistake?"
"If there are any objections to the marriage of John Hamish Watson and Mary Morstan, speak now or forever hold you peace." asked the vicar.
"Tsk Tsk Tsk. Better keep your voice down doctor. We're in front of an altar after all." Sherlock smirked.
Are you really suggesting that I have an ... affection for John? I don't even want to know how you came up to that deduction. – SH
From the guests stood a slender tall man with curly raven hair and eyes of different shades. From his seat, Sherlock walked towards the center of the aisle, never taking off his eyes from John. John couldn't take away his eyes from Sherlock. It was as if something was pulling them together. Closer and closer Sherlock came. Horrified looks and gossips can be heard in the room but Sherlock didn't pay any attention to them. He only had one thing in mind, he has to stop this.
"Tea?" John asked
"Mary's?!"
Sherlock can hear Mary's sobs and John's pacing through the closed doors. He never meant for this to happen. He thought of all the possibilities. All except one, another girl taken like Hamish. It made him miscalculate and ultimately lost Hamish in the end. Stealthily, he opened the door and entered. It took a few minutes for the people inside to notice him but all he got was a seething look from Mary. John was ignoring him, instead he went to Mary's side and whispered to her. It wasn't long before Mary left the room.
"Sherlock?"
"Two days ago. I suspect he's already bored but he rest assured he will stay away. My brother is many things but he is a keeper of promise and you should know, he blamed himself for Hamish's death too. I only hope you'll forgive him. Good bye John. Mary." Said Mycroft as he walked away from the Watson couple who were now both crying in each other's arms.
My name is John Watson. I was an army doctor stationed in Afghanistan until I was sent home due an injury. I was looking for a flatmate when I saw Mike, an old friend from school, who introduced me to Sherlock. Sherlock became my flatmate who was also the only consulting detective in the world. He solves the case and I blog it. Three years ago an archenemy of his entered our life and swept away everything Sherlock built. He ruined his reputation and instilled doubt on people's mind about Sherlock.Finally, Sherlock jumped claiming he was a fake. But I never did doubt him for a second. Ever. I met and fell in love with Mary Morstan. Recently, his name has just been cleared. But it didn't matter. Sherlock was dead. One evening I invited Mary to dinner, intending to propose to her when Sherlock entered my life again. It turn's out Sherlock did jump but used some of his and his' brothers connection to fake his death in order to destroy Moriarty's web of criminal acts. Today I am going to Mary. But why does it feel wrong?
"I'm finally gonna do it. Wish me luck Billy" Not hearing a reply nor waiting for one, Sherlock stood up from his chair and walked to his coat from where it was, casually slung along the table. Careful not to wait John he left the flat.
"Don't worry. I'll try not to leave any marks. You're a married man now after all," said Sherlock as he lifted his head and pinching John's nipple with his hand and masturbating John with the other.
John let out a small laugh and said, "Yes we are and I, am ready to be married."
"I do, but I hoped. I believed in you."
Confused, John look to Mary who was in turn smiling at them. She was mouthing words to him while pointing to Sherlock. Follow your heart.
Do hurry up. The wall is mocking me – SH
"Too many questions. Just follow me."
"Oh."
And we both know I'm incapable of loving – SH
"John? Move over." Sherlock commanded.
Sherlock was now walking in the aisle, clad in his usual attire minus the coat and scarf. Hewas wearing a suit and was following the flower girls before him. John would've laughed if he wasn't so confused. So when Sherlock stood before him he didn't know what to do.
And with that Moriaty turned on his heel.
"Fine. But we will never speak of this again. Agreed?"
Don't worry. It's all being taken care of. - MH
I have to. I'm his ... best man – SH
"Yes we can," as John placed a loving kiss on his wife's forehead before kissing the bump on his wife's stomach and whispered, "Good Night Sherlock."
He loves you too you know – MH
"Said what?"
Mycroft? - JW
"Together now John."
Later that evening after the 'experiment', Sherlock was back at his chair and John upstairs, probably already asleep since he has work tomorrow, Sherlock was having a rather interesting conversation with Billy. "He asked 'Why are we here again, Sherlock?' and I said, 'I told you John. It's for science' and he believed me."
"John, I'd be delighted to." Replied Sherlock, stopping John's stuttering.
"I'd be honoured" with that reply, Mary hugged Sherlock to which the man awkwardly tried to return when a thought suddenly occurred to him.
"Yes Mary. You really need to cleean your ears John. You're starting to get deaf."
Come home. NOW – SH
Late in the afternoon. Don't wait up for me - SH
Failing to think of an excuse, John finally relented and sat at the tub. Sherlock soon followed.
First, I'm already at the door. And second, it's a wall, how is it mocking you? – JW
Sherlock shook his head and bought his glass with him as he sat at the bed. "Aren't you going back to your own room yet? You just got married after all. "
Soon the wedding march tune filled the room and he was looking expectedly at Mary but Mary pointed at the door, daring him to look there as well.
"I loved Hamish like he was my own. It wasn't my fault that he too was brave like you. He would've been alive right now if you haven't taught him to be as brave as you."
"Why are YOU here?" asked Sherlock, facing the man.
"What is it?" John asked while stretching his arms. He must've dozed off while watching the telly. By now he was used to Sherlock disturbing his sleep, not that he is not bothered with it because he was, but living with Sherlock has its ups and downs after all.
"I know," signed John dejectedly. "Do you hate him?"
There was silence in the room, only the pitter-patter of the rain and the sound of their breathing can be heard.
John - SH
"But Mary what about the guests? Your family?" asked Sherlock, pulling away from Mary's embrace and held Mary's arms.
"He will never know," said Mary when they were alone in the room that night.
Sherlock returned a few months late than he originally planned but it didn't matter. John was dead. He couldn't bear living without Sherlock anymore. He shot himself in the head. He slipped back unto his cold demeanor.  Never talked to Molly or Lestrade unless it's about a case. Mycroft visited him often but always left hotheaded after getting pissed off by Sherlock. And Mrs. Hudson, well she grieved but John never really did matter to her the way John mattered to Sherlock. She does his laundry and shopping and checks on him once in a while but that was all not that he cared. Sherlock was never the same again. The cases started becoming dull again. And then Moriarty came back. Alive. He faked his death for nothing. John died for nothing. So when Moriaty decided to have a one final showdown he agreed. There's no point in living anymore. Not without John. Which is why he's here today.
