“Shit,” Dean groaned as Castiel slammed his door shut behind him and shoved Dean into the wood with his tongue. Castiel moved quickly to his neck, sucking a mark into the skin while his hand groped at Dean's shirt, pulling it up. He broke his lip-to-skin contact just long enough to remove the shirt, and then his mouth was locked around Dean's nipple.
“I don’t think I can, Cas,” Dean said. His stomach was in knots and his throat was thick. There was no way he was up for ‘making love’ after this. He just had to open his mouth and ruin the night. At least if he’d waited, they could have had one more evening together.
They walked the rest of the way side by side, Castiel not trusting Dean’s leg enough to get too far away, in case Dean needed his support. Dean was a little embarrassed by the doting. It wasn’t every day someone looked after him, but he didn’t complain. There was, after all, a warm, solid body trotting along beside him.
Castiel told Anna about practice while they ate, and she asked Dean some polite questions about the set. It wasn’t the easiest conversation, but it wasn’t exactly awkward either.
Dean had just started to sip his martini, and even if it hadn't tasted like ass, he would have sputtered at the question.
Okay, so the acting part wasn’t going to be his strong suit, and he knew that going in. But he did passably well, he thought. He didn’t pass out and no one booed or frowned or told him to get lost, so he would count it as a win.
“And you’re going to have to explain Mark, but we have more important things to do right now.” He reached past Dean to open his door and pushed them inside.
“Cas,” he called. Castiel and Gabriel both looked up. Castiel had taken a seat on the couch, and the two had been leaning in close to talk. “Still want to save Anna?”
“No,” Dean said, shuffling a script he didn’t really need. “No, let’s do this. I’m not going to be, like, good at this or anything.”
if he didn’t want to lose his skin. The engine purred to life and he kicked the air conditioning onto high. The tradeoff here was that the refrigerant used in 1967 was miles better than the refrigerant used today. It may be helping deplete the ozone just a bit faster, but as it hit Dean with icy cold air within minutes, he couldn’t be bothered to care about greenhouse gasses in that moment.
“Music,” Castiel said, setting the cue stick down and resuming his grip on Dean’s hand, “Sounds good.”
“Indeed,” Castiel said. Dean opened his mouth twice, but he couldn’t think of anything else to say to that. Maybe Castiel hadn’t had a lot of conversations recently.
As Dean thought more about the things he liked about Castiel, the uneasy feeling in his stomach changed.
To his immense surprise, Dean was smiling. Soft, warm, and gentle. “You look great, Cas. Share the pic.”
“Have you seen this, Dean?” Castiel asked, angling his phone so Dean could see. They were both sitting on the couch, feet up on the coffee table, mostly ignoring the reruns of Psych that they had put on Netflix.
His eyes zeroed in on the hard cock standing proud and Dean moaned at the thought of getting that inside himself. The flushed head and rigid length were as perfect as everything else was.
Hogg’s Pub and Grub was cool and the beer was colder, and that’s all Dean cared about as he took a gulp of Sam Adams, one of two beers on tap. The floors were made of a tan, diamond patterned tile and the walls were made of horizontally planked wood. Combined with the wood beams overhead, the place felt like a cozy barn. The leather booths and orange glow lanterns on the walls were a little incongruous with that image, but gave the bar a classier undercurrent.
The moon was high overhead, shining light onto them. It was both peaceful and eerie. Here they were, standing in the middle of the woods on a gorgeous night, nature going on as it always would, and it was all oblivious to the life shaking revelations of the last 12 hours.
“Hey um, I just—“ He just what? He had not thought this through. What did he want? “I just wanted to say that I’m glad you took the part.”
Dean snorted. Hard. “I think that was your worst yet,” Dean said, tone nothing but fond. “Remind me to give you lessons.” Castiel’s lips turned up at the corner. There was a hidden implication there, a promise that this wouldn’t be their only time together, and he didn’t miss it.
“You don’t know that,” Dean finally said. “He could have been born either way. The rebellion could have happened with or without the usurper. You don’t know, Cas. You aren’t responsible for what people do with their own free will.”
Friday when the show was over, Dean pulled Cas into a hallway and clarified that he was going to need time. And Castiel clarified that he wasn’t going to be anyone’s secret, but he also understood Dean wasn’t going to change overnight. And that was okay.
“Don’t,” Castiel growled back, shoving Dean backwards. Hard. He stumbled and fell into an easel. Sam just managed to stabilize it before the painting fell. “You want to know who I am? Just who the fuck are
“Shit,” Dean cursed low. He grabbed Castiel’s hand and yanked him out of the room, up the stairs, and into the bedroom they’d talked in earlier.
He soaked in the view as Castiel walked to the tub, from the toned muscle of his arms to the freckle over Castiel’s right nipple, and lower, to the sharp hip bones that lead to a dusty patch of hair that surrounded Castiel’s cock. His mouth watered at the sight.
The coat was folded gently, but as it was bigger than the drawer it was in, it was stuffed to the brim and crunched. At first glance, it looked like a large furry animal had crawled in and gotten stuck.
“You okay?” Dean asked, once he they were outside, leaning back into the Impala. She had been parked askew. Sam must have taken the keys Dean dropped and then gone for Cas.
“Dean,” Castiel said formally before turning around to face Dean head on. “I want to thank you for helping me. But I wouldn’t blame you if you… you know…”
Castiel laughed. “Yeah, well, I don’t know if that’s possible, but we can try. What did you have in mind?”
“Whatchya find?” Dean asked as Castiel approached, heading for the exit. He was looking at the tip of this finger.
Dean’s jaw dropped, stunned. He knew what he was looking at it, and no one was ever going to believe him.
They were on their way through the reception area of the spa when a guy slumped through the door and asked if they could take a walk-in. He loudly proclaimed that he needed to destress, after the trauma of having his room robbed.
“Flip over,” Dean said, pulling out his fingers. Castiel complied, and though it looked like he tried to move fast, his limbs were like jello. His cock was dribbling pre-come like he hadn't just had one of the best orgasms of his life. He was one happy pirate.
“Dean,” Castiel said the second the line was picked up. “Daniel Ogle. He was in today. I felt the… the presence on him. In force. I think he might be next. Soon, probably tonight. Oh god Dean, what if-“
“I was hoping for some lazy blowjobs after we get out of this shower and, ya know, change the sheets.”
The gossip was that a woman had been found dead outside Drizzle Low. Which wouldn’t have been all that impressive or newsworthy, at least not enough to travel across the land and straight to Flurry Frost, if it hadn’t been for the fact that her eyes were missing.
Her eyes went wide. “Demons?” she asked. Castiel nodded. When he went on to further explain that they had been intent on sucking her soul out through her eyes, simply because there’s a crazy sorcerer that had set them on her, the woman took Jo Anna into her arms and offered Dean and Cas whatever they’d like for a drink.
“Okay, hold up, let’s go back at least four steps here,” Sam said, uncrossing his arms and stepping closer. “Hi, I’m Sam, his brother.”
“Super,” Dean said, thumping his chest. “Seems I’ve got a guardian angel watching over me,” he added with a wink. Castiel shook his head fondly, a small smile cracking his worried face. “And right now I want to know if he’s okay.”
Awesome. So they’ve never even spoken before and their first conversation is going to involve Cas puking on his shoes.
Sam glanced out the window. “Given that it’s the middle of the night, I’m guessing we shouldn’t go to his house. But we could check out the shop.”
Dean threw off the covers and jumped from bed. He scrambled through the door and raced across the soft grass of the front yard to Castiel's hut, the small place he stayed in to be closer to the animals, and knocked at the door. And again when Castiel did not immediately answer. The stars twinkled down at him while he waited, losing faith.
Castiel bit his lip, Dean licked his, and Sam opened and closed his mouth a few times. After a few moments of silence, Sam broke it by standing up.
“Thank you,” Castiel said eventually. They didn’t notice how lost they were in the quiet gaze until Sam coughed. “Here,” Castiel said, reaching for the dropped bag and pulled out the bottles of water that Dean had completely forgotten about. They needed them, especially as the air temperature was impossibly even hotter with the fire going. Then Castiel poked his chest and added, “As much as it pains me to say this, you should put your shirt back on, you’re burning.”
It kicked off some more dance tunes that had them all bumping along, hip checking each other, grabbing hands and doing swings and dips for the heck of it. Somehow Castiel found himself dancing more with Dean than anyone else, and he certainly wasn’t complaining about that.
Castiel’s chin was on the floor. “Wow.” He stalked over to his stuff and picked it up roughly. “When you want to push someone away, you sure go for it.” He headed straight for the exit.
He flopped his head irreverently against the stone behind him, dizzy with how quick everything had happened. Castiel tucked him into his boxers with a smirk and zipped him up. “C’mon Dean, it’s time to rendezvous with the group.”
Cas’s fingers were digging into his biceps, and Dean could hear him struggling to find words as Dean sucked marks into his hip bones.
been pretending to be a couple, and now were on the verge of consummating the new relationship right behind his mom’s grand piano.
Dean was silent for a moment, mulling this over. Castiel’s eyes wandered over him appraisingly and he knew he was going to have to answer some questions too.
His combatant placed his sword in his left hand and Kevin followed suit. He didn't grin, because he would not enjoy killing this man, but he was rather smug about his odds.
He turned behind and reached for an old wooden desk. A patch of skin above his waistband was exposed as Castiel’s shirt rode up and Dean’s gaze was drawn to it. Smooth skin, light from the longer winter and lack of sun. He could feel himself staring, and couldn’t make himself stop.
She didn’t say anything though, and they talked about work and the house, and eventually the wedding. There wasn’t a specific reason she’d sent Sam looking for Dean and Cas, she’d just wanted to chat with them. It was perhaps the only time in his life Dean had resented his mother. Just a tiny, tiny bit.
“Thank you,” he said as he panted, fumbling to get his sword out, preparing for the fight he was promised.
“I hope she does,” the man said, sounding sincere. “I could have helped you as well, but since you're about to kill me...”
“That’s better,” Dean said, losing his voice as he sucked in a breath. Castiel had slid down the zipper and gripped his erection through his boxers.
He would have come so fast, too, if Castiel hadn’t seen the movement and put an immediate end to the motion. He didn’t say anything, he simply reached for Dean’s hand and pulled it off his cock. Then he took the other one, still on his thigh, and moved it to his chest. Holding both of Dean’s wrists tight against his torso, Castiel began thrusting harder.
“Absolutely not,” Abaddon scuffed. “The problem is that iocane comes from Australia and everyone knows you can't trust Australians.”
The entire front room stopped and stared at him. The only sound was Thriller playing from a stereo in the corner.
Castiel looked to Dean and met his eyes for the first time in quite a while. For a moment, just one moment, Dean forgot about everything but the beauty of two pools of blue eyes. Then reality was back. Castiel blinked. “I looked them up,” he said. “They’re Enochian.”
Castiel hummed and paused in the hallway. He stepped up to Dean, close, far too close for casual, and slid a hand behind Dean's neck, pulling him closer still. The press of lips was not fierce, but Castiel deepened it quickly, so quickly that Dean felt like his soul was being licked.
. It was the fifteenth time he’d read the book. Not that he ‘liked books’ or anything. “So tell Claire you’ve got the answer.”
They’d been waylaid in heading upstairs by Sam, who had wanted to ask Cas the rather awkward question of why he didn’t have blonde hair. From what Dean had told Castiel earlier, he’d guessed that Mary had just enough warning of her imminent death to try to protect the infant by casting a spell to permanently change his hair and eye color.
Castiel lowered him gently to one of the bench seats. “There was a time I could have healed this for you easily, but I am cut off from that power,” Castiel said like the words were normal. His fingers were resting so gently on Dean’s knee that it surprisingly didn’t add to the pain at all, and was almost comforting.
Sam took a swig of his coffee before carefully putting the coffee down. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad you’re exploring-“
“I’m sure he’s a nice man,” Cas offered, like his thumb wasn’t dancing over Dean’s wrist, sliding along the soft underside.
She was cut off as the ghost reappeared. A second shot was fired and a lamp shattered, the shards flying, but the trigger wasn’t pulled by Dean. Catherine had attempted to shoot the ghost. Naturally, the bullet passed right through without effect, but the fact that she had tried was kind of badass.
Dean looked up with a start. Castiel was perched on an overturned plaster bucket not five feet away.
And then a few hip bumps with Dean, and a goofy twirl or two, led to another and another, until Castiel had forgotten that he owed Jo a dip. It was all about Dean. Dean’s body heat was blending with his, and the fact that they were both practically wearing nothing but underwear meant a lot of skin was making contact.
“Long for it?” Dean hazard a guess. Castiel looked beautiful right then. He always did, of course, but now, there was a strange mixture of vulnerability and age. Innocence and wisdom. Dean leaned closer, lowered his voice, and asked, “Have you ever been in love, Cas?”
“I-“ Dean replied with what brain cells he could muster, “I know what you mean,” he reassured him. “OH! Oh fuck!”
Dean let Castiel stew with the assumption for a few more minutes. He was still feeling a bit petty and mean, considering Castiel had apparently been alive all this time and had
After they both paid, Cas tilted his head towards the windows and raised his eyebrows in question. Dean nodded and followed Cas over to the view. They could just make out the water, moving fluidly, reflecting light from the ship.
The preparation for the journey was quick and easy. Dean didn’t have any belongings on him when he’d encountered his rescuer, and Castiel didn’t appear to have many belongings at all. He grabbed his bow and a quiver, and a small bag he must have prepared before Dean awoke.
Sliding to his feet, Cas was all grin. He reached for Dean’s hand and yanked him to his feet. “My room or yours? I choose yours if you still have those pink panties.”
He sighed and opened up the pouch. It was far, far too much. He moved to dump it on the bar, where they would hopefully find it right away, when Castiel’s hand stilled him.
Castiel smiled back, pleased with the answer. He gave Dean another quick peck before getting up and moving to the bedside table. He blew out the only lamp, bathing them in nothing but the moonlight. Carefully, he removed the top of the lamp and poured some oil into his hand, returning to his position between Dean’s legs.
As their own boat swung close enough to the rock face, the giant man reached out and found a rope. It's presence made Dean feel just a little bit better. They must have tied it to the top and dangled it down in preparation for their kidnapping. If they were trying to cover their tracks, it was a good plan. No one would suspect an escape up the Cliffs of Insanity. Especially if they sunk the boat or pushed it off to float down the bay.
When Castiel took his hand away, Azazel’s mark was gone, and in its place was a Castiel shaped hand print. Castiel kissed the print gently.
They started with simple swings, easily batted away. But even the most seemingly useless moves can reveal a great deal. The man had good form, as good as Kevin's. He had adopted Bonetti's defense, suitable for the rocky terrain, so he knew what he was doing. But Kevin had experience, had been practicing non-stop since he was a boy, and when one puts that much heart into what they do, there is no way to fail. He was the best in the land, capable of being challenged by only a few.
Dean opened his mouth to protest being treated like Castiel’s lackey, but pulled up short when another black, scaly demon burst into the clearing.
“You have no idea how you sense this spirit?” Sam asked. “Are you a psychic or…” Sam trailed off as Castiel shook his head.
“I'm Sam,” Sam explained calmly. “That's Kevin. We're not enemies, not any more. Kevin was hoping you'd help him get in the castle so he can avenge his mother. And since Dean is about to marry Crowley, we figured you'd want to get in there too.”
After a stop to get some chips, he headed for the Blackjack tables. The seat next to Castiel was vacated just as Dean approached and he slid smoothly into it.
Castiel readied his bow while his eyes darted around the forest in a tight arc, pausing at several places. There were definitely several things coming, averaging around head-height off the ground, and given that Castiel drew an arrow and let it fly, Dean could assume they weren’t friendly.
Dean did too. He could feel the stories and the soul, the creativity and humanity in the bones of the stage. He’d watched Bobby build sets and string up lights since as long as he could remember. There were few things as magical as watching a show come together.
“Yeah, that does actually—” Dean cut off with a gasp as Castiel plunged his finger in the rest of the way. “Good god.”
“Well, um,” Sam said, scratching the back of his neck. “I think we should help find Anna’s coat. We can probably find it a lot faster and cleaner than the job Gabriel is doing, and then he should be out of our hair. But if it’s going to mess with Cas…“
Castiel shrugged. “Lost in thought I suppose,” he said. He covered Dean’s hand with his own. “Better now, though.”
“Well,” Abaddon said, shifting in her seat. “That's so easy it's insulting. All I have to do is figure out if are you the sort of man who would put the poison into his own goblet or his enemy's.” She tilted her head to the side as she stared at the Man in Black. “You're clearly a great warrior so you would not have put it in your own glass, but you're also smart enough to recognize my intelligence, so you would have anticipated that decision.”
The walk was fairly short. They passed a few people along the way but Castiel still looked around as if the place had been deserted. The Smokey Mountain Brewery was located down a small shopping plaza and the frame of it was wood planks with wide glass windows. There was no wait at the brewery-slash-restaurant, and they took their seats at a booth on the second story, Dean sliding in next to Castiel.
When his nipples were placed between two fingers and pinched, the game was over. Blood pounded through his body and all reasoning and capacity for self-control vanished. His hand came clean off the wall and went straight for his straining dick.
finest, but Crowley's supplied finest, and standing at the altar with a man he fully did not intend to marry. He just needed an opening.
Carrying an albino down a narrow staircase wasn't as easy as it sounds, but Sam made it down only a few moments after Kevin.
Cas laughed, his grin splitting his face with joy. That. That was the face Dean wanted to see every day for the rest of his life.
He stormed across the room, wobbled, remembered he was in heels, and proceeded to tiptoe the rest of the way.
“I don’t think you heard the set designer say, but when you’re done, you need to put the tools away and pull the door shut behind you.”
Castiel’s laugh this time was bitter. “That is the very definition of a Cupid, Dean,” he said. “But I believe humanity should have the right to choose.”
, his skimpy briefs hurt. He was straining the fabric, could feel cool air across the tip of his dick. He couldn’t help it, he thrust forward into Dean’s answering hips, their erections bumping together, sending sparks shooting up his spine.
“Yeah, that seems like my luck,” Dean says. “Fine, let’s go back to The Singing Stag. Get a room. Dry off.”
They made good time in the forest, but Castiel was distant for most of it. Eventually he resumed his earlier position, resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder. He wrapped a hand around Dean’s bicep, right around the mark the evil bastard had put there, and squeezed like he wanted to burn the mark out.
“Well we'll clean you up at the palace,” Crowley responded. “We do have a spa, you know. Once we have you safely home-”
“It’s just getting a little creepy out here, man,” Dean explained. He bit off the last word. His knee was starting to ache, now that the adrenaline was wearing off.
“Hey! Hey Cas!” It was Dean’s voice, in a hushed, but urgent tone. Castiel turned in a daze as the man who had been doing gymnastics to avoid him all week approached him. “You got this. You so got this,” he said. The lights were dim and Castiel could still make out the flecks of gold in his eyes. Curse Dean for being so beautiful and so, so confusing.
“We’re in the mountains, Dean,” Sam said, dropping his toiletry kit back into his bag and zipping it shut. “They’ve modernized, but we’re still in the country. I doubt these people will react well to a couple of Feds stepping into their territory.”
It wasn’t, they’d soon discover, a very far drive to the Gatlinburg Town Hall. It was on Parkway on the way back to their motel. Getting there was cake. The problem was that once they were in the door, they had no idea what they had come for.
Castiel gave him a funny look. Dean squirmed. Somehow he suspected Castiel saw right through the lie.
When Dean heard this important tidbit, a chill went down his spine. When the gossip continued and it turned out no less than three people had been found dead with missing eyes, Dean put his beer down, plopped some coins on the table, and went to find his party.
“Dean!” Castiel shouts, to interrupt him. He continues more calmly, “Dean, you can’t be my secretary. But I’ll have Hester take you on.”
“The loser went off that way,” Crowley said, waving a hand down the hill. “Steps are closer, so he was in no hurry. However, there are faster steps going in that direction, and they meet up with another set.”
Dean was panting hard as he looked up to see what had happened with the other two demons. Naturally, Cas had shot them down. He was just shouldering his bow as Dean’s eyes crossed to him. He caught Dean’s gaze and came over quickly.
She clicked her container of makeup shut and picked up a different one. “You’re right, it is,” she confessed, pressing a brush to his face. “But I know you are good at this. And I know you’ve got a great man at your back.”
“Not much to tell. Dad’s a drunk, Sam’s a good kid and I just try to keep him healthy and fed,” Dean explained. He shrugged. “We move around a lot, makes having friends hard.”
“You little piece of shit,” Dean grumbled at him. He held up his arm, fighting the attacks off as best he could while his other arm scrambled for anything he could use as a weapon. His hand wrapped around a rock, this one heavier than the first, and he raised it sharply, aiming for the demon’s head. At least, he hoped he was aiming for the head. Though the excitement had taken the edge off, the world was still spinning slightly. Fortunately, with a crack, the rock made contact.
“And he was going to destroy love to make new love,” Kevin said. Then he thought about how ridiculous that sentence sounded and blushed. Waving a hand, he said, “Just. Continue.”
“Oh yeah, cuddling is very dangerous business. I almost drowned you in blankets,” Castiel responded with a heavy eye roll.
“C’mon,” Dean encouraged, wrapping his free foot behind Castiel’s thigh, urging him faster. “It’s your turn, big boy.”
The damn, brave bastard didn't even grace him with the look of terror he was expecting. But no matter, he ignored Metatron's protests and threw the lever to the maximum setting. The sounds the man let out were so full of agony and despair that they went beyond earthly sound. Even Metatron covered his ears as it drove around the room. The wail was piercing and railed at anyone with a soul.
But he was already friends with Jo and Charlie, and Kevin and Victor were pretty cool too, so maybe it was okay?
“I don’t feel any broken bones. It would be safer to get it x-rayed, but something tells me you don’t have health insurance,” Castiel said with a soft smile. “It’s probably just twisted. It should be okay. But you need to rest for a minute, and it will probably swell.” He looked to Sam. “The water is in the bag you dropped when the tree fell. Will you get it?”
Castiel turned the raccoon a few more times and decided dinner was done, setting about serving it. The meat was delicious, something that surprised Dean. He’d always thought game meat would be tough and tasteless, but this was juicy and flavorful and Dean decided he should really learn the bow so he could go hunt him, Sammy and dad some decent meat. Lord knows they could do with something more than the scraps he swipes from tables in taverns when dad is too drunk to cook. Or too broke to buy food.
Once Castiel’s eyes had permission to look at Dean’s thigh to locate the scar, he couldn’t keep his eyes away. How he’d slipped by his dad like that was beyond him.
Either way, it helped Castiel get into character, and pretty soon he and Dean were gesturing at each other across the bed, singing loud, and Castiel was praying they hadn’t interrupted his dad’s work. Or nap. Whichever.
“Holding back on me again?” He demanded, preparing to slide off his horse. Castiel flinched. “What exactly–”
The command came out loud and clear from the man in charge of the gates. Everyone around him was cowering, shaking and twitching their legs backwards, itching to flee.
And that was really, frankly, unfair and too much, and that was all she wrote. The pleasure spiked almost painfully and he was shooting himself into Castiel’s beautiful, sinful mouth, his back arched off the couch as he chased the edge of his orgasm.
“As you wish,” he said throatily, like a sexy purr. “Lay on the bed, on your back, head at the foot.”
“Sir,” Sam started. “I worked as an EMT for years and sometimes scratches can be tricky for people to treat. Do you mind if I take a look?”
Castiel nodded, stroking the bird. “Kevin has a gash in his leg that will take weeks to heal. He’s singing to himself right now, says it helps him handle the pain. Charlie… Charlie?”
Lights were flickering as if in a power surge, but it was only happening to the Ogle household. Sam and Dean were already bolting from the car, grabbing the shotgun rifle and crowbar, when a rugged old man appeared in the living room.
Crowley sneered. “You truly love each other, and so you might have been truly happy.” He took the lever of the machine in hand. It felt like power. He relished it. “Not one couple in a century has that chance, no matter what the great tales say. So I think no man in a century will suffer as greatly as you will.”
Things improved slightly at dinner when Dean discovered the cruise was all-inclusive, including beer. Their best free beer was Busch and that wasn't saying much, but at least it was beer. And free.
“No!” He shouted it much too loudly and much too quickly, but there was nothing he could do to change that now. “It’s perfect. I’ll get a tie, it’ll be fine.”
The whiskey was strong and smooth as Dean sipped at it. It warmed his stomach the same way the sunlight was warming his skin, the same way the sky being set on fire warmed something undefinable, and the same way the man by his side inexplicably warmed everything else.
“I never feared that,” Dean interrupted. “Once I figured out I was bi, I never once feared that Sam would see me any differently for it.”
The day was no less hot than the previous and Dean was silently grateful Sam had squashed the idea of fed-ing up to talk to the cops.  A suit would have made the humidity nearly unbearable. He cranked his environment killing AC as the Impala rumbled to the closest victim’s house.  It was a little cottage off of the main drag, and once again, Dean was reminded that maybe his Baby wasn’t the best choice of vehicle for the mountains.
They also stopped by The Roadhouse and stayed there for a full day. Dean tried to give them the money back, what little they had not spent, but it was soundly refused, and Ellen threatened him so soundly with a beating if he even tried to sneak some in a coffee tin before they left, that he figured he was stuck with keeping it. Something to finally buy Sam his pastry with, anyway.
“Yeah,” Kevin agreed, smoothing the skirt down. “I might have to keep this when the play is over. It’s so freeing.”
They supplemented the meal with rations, and it was delicious, as usual. Yet Castiel ate very little, Dean noted. Just a few pieces of coon meat.
“Wow,” Dean said with a low whistle. Nearby, a fire jet released into the air, and the sudden, sharp arrival of light reminded them of how dark the area was becoming. “Cas, we have a problem.”
Knowing Dean’s party, the banter could have continued for a while. It was Charlie’s rumbling stomach that stopped them. She shrugged and everyone chuckled. Leave it to Charlie’s bodily function to break up some tension.
Dean opened his mouth, utter confusion and, therefore, annoyance, on the tip of his tongue. Then something clicked. “You know,” he said roughly. “About the offer. To get out of being tortured to ribbons if I started shredding souls with my own hands.”
‘Because we’ve been singing froo-froo songs that will be make your panties curl’ was probably not the answer John wanted to hear.
The slick man pulled the caravan up short when he saw Dean in the field. He whispered a word to the man to his left and smoothly dismounted his horse.
Fortunately, he did have a trick card up his sleeve. Years of practice with his predecessor and a predisposition for a strong mind honed a unique ability to shrug off pain. He simply slid his conscious mind away from the part that was hurting and ignored it. It could take a moment, especially if he was caught unaware like he was with the rat, but that was a rare and blessed skill indeed.
Castiel slunk down slowly and back up, like he was learning every inch of Dean. When he pulled back, he pulled off, and gave the head of his cock a little lick. His cock jumped, trying to drive itself back into the sinful home.
Dean didn’t even look up from the book he was reading, his head on Castiel’s thigh. Cas hadn’t protested when he’d shifted into that position, and the leg was much more comfortable than the threadbare pillows his mom had lent them for their first apartment.
“No,” Castiel said coldly. “You manipulated me and killed innocents with such ease. You are not my brother. You didn’t deserve God’s punishment, but you deserve this.”
Castiel laughed. His eyes lit up with mirth and if Dean thought he was hot earlier, he's downright irresistible like this.
“I’m not sure where this leaves us,” Sam said. He was bent over the table, hunched so far his head was nearly in his salad. “Guess we’ll have to do some more research.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Sam responded. “Sometimes they’re kept off-site though, especially with a place this small.”
Cas resigned himself to a mediocre lunch with Hannah and left the room. He’d see Dean at practice sooner or later anyway.
He threw open the door to the only painting shop in the area. A bell tinkled. No one was behind the small counter to the side, but within moments, Cas was walking out of a small swinging door towards the back, wiping his hands with a rag. His eyes lit up when they landed on Dean.
He felt Cas’s foot move, a hand grip his shoulder, and then he was on his back, looking up into Cas’s smirking face.
They picked up a bunch of beef jerky and a twelve pack of Mountain Dew before making the trek up the windy, forest cloaked road that connects Gatlinburg to Pigeon Forge, and then Sevierville beyond that. The acid yellow Dew wasn’t what Dean’s liver was craving, but if Cas was right about something being after Daniel, they could be watching the place all night long.
Dean pulled away and had to clear his throat to speak. “Should we head out now?” he asked. Castiel's eyes dilated even further.
Castiel didn’t say anything. He seemed to be warring with himself. After an hour of riding peacefully side by side, he reached out, as if hoping to take Dean’s hand, and aborted the gesture. Dean acted before he could think and intercepted the falling hand. He curled their fingers together and squeezed.
“What do you want, Dean?” Castiel said, shifting, pushing Dean back, until he was straddling him, pushing Dean down with his weight. The view was gorgeous until his hands found Dean's and pinned them above his head, forcing Dean's gaze to focus on wide blue eyes. “Give or receive?”
Dean was struggling, Azazel was winning. The clash of swords was wearing Dean thin, trying to keep up with an older and crazier fighter. He was nearly certain he was going to die when an arrow peeled just past Dean’s neck and landed in Azazel’s chest, in his shoulder, just above his breast bone.
“Touch me Cas, please,” he hears himself beg. He needs a hand on his cock like yesterday. It hasn’t been touched at all through this and it’s screaming for release.
“It’s not important, Dean,” Castiel said gently, shooting an apologetic look at the ladies in question. “Forget I—“
“Hello Dean,” he says as his eyes go up and down Dean’s body, taking in his regulation polo and slacks. “Not quite the same as the full suit, but it won’t be on you long anyway.”
Catherine nodded her understanding. “Of course. I hate to tell you though, we don’t keep any of the records here. They’re all in Sevierville.”
He felt Dean’s eyes on him and answered before Dean had even asked. “No, I have no idea where that came from,” Castiel said, looking up. “I don’t even know what I said.”
That Castiel wanted to know more about him made him feel warm inside in a way he’d never experienced before. He’d had friends in some capacity his whole life, and some came over every once in a while, but this was different. Castiel was reaching out, he wasn’t just coming over because Dean’s house was closer to the Whippy Dip and thus the convenient house to play at.
Later, when they were home and back to hunting things that go bump in the night, it wasn’t the sex that Dean thought of fondly. It wasn’t the orgasms that had him picking up the phone, “just to talk.”
There are catcalls (Charlie) and groans (Kevin and Sam), but Dean barely heard them over the blood pounding in his ears. Kissing Castiel after so long without, it was like giving a starving man a seven course meal. It was everything he wanted, and he was overwhelmed with the need pounding in his veins.
Dean was supposed to be building a set in the workroom behind the stage. Specifically, he was supposed to be working on the flat for Mark and Roger. But he couldn’t stop looking over at Castiel.
“Alright,” he said when they stopped for the night, reaching for his pack off his mare. “Spill, Dean. Where are we heading that we can’t take a road?”
Sam slung his duffel over his shoulder and took off for the gate. Dean sighed, picked up his own bag, and followed.
They could tell they were approaching the edge of the swamp. The air smelled cleaner, the light was a little brighter. The trench that the swamp was in was narrowing, until, pushing aside the low hanging branches of one final tree, they were out. They were on dry, rocky ground, a beach in the distance, and the outline of a boat just beyond that.
Abaddon was quite proud of herself for that one. “Drink,” she ordered. “You from yours, me from mine.” Her confidence only grew as she saw a smirk form on the Man in Black's lips. She had chosen correctly, no need to reach for the knife after all.
To top it off, they were beginning to run full rehearsals, and Saturday afternoon they ran it with the stage crew. Which meant Dean was in the wings.
As he blocked another blow and moved to parry, the girl with curly hair and one of the other guys were running towards the forest line. Castiel got one of them with a shot that Dean didn’t see land, but certainly sprayed a lot of blood. Dean didn’t see what happened to the other, but he trusted that they could handle the woman.
Dean's hands quickly, if not shakily, undid Castiel's shirt and guided it off of him. Castiel clinched his teeth and Dean worked it off the arm with the bite at the shoulder.
Castiel moved his suckling to Dean’s neck and slowed down his thrusts. He hadn’t come yet, and Dean was too exhausted to try to force him to move so he could do something about it. Castiel didn’t appear concerned though, and after a few moments of lapping below Dean’s ear, he sat up on his knees and took his cock in hand.
He was, however, still scared of performing in front of people, and the temporary reprieve the distraction named Dean provided was rapidly disappearing. Each night of rehearsal brought them closer to opening night, and on Wednesday, the night before opening night, it was no secret that Castiel was on the edge of a panic attack the whole time.
Dean got a better look at him this time. Thin, tall, handle bar mustache and a cowboy hat, he wore a plain white shirt with jeans and worn boots. He looked mean and tough, just like the culture he was raised in.
Ah, so that was Angel and Tom Collins. They looked like an odd pairing that strangely made sense. Just like Angel and Tom Collins.
Castiel prepared the horse for riding while Dean stood off to the side eying the horse warily. When Castiel declared them ready and slid into the seat, Dean had to swallow down the urge to vomit and slid in front of him.
Impaling yourself ass first on a dude’s cock probably isn’t the smartest thing in the universe, but Dean was thoroughly –very thoroughly- prepared, and he’s so far gone that the twinge of pain barely registers. He slides himself down the little bit of the way it takes to get Castiel fully seated inside him, feeling buttons and zippers press into his ass cheek. Castiel is
Dean is now awkwardly, horribly hard in his uniform. Damn, he has to find out what drugs they have this guy on.
More arrows shot by, taking out some of the beasts, giving Dean more room to breathe. Norbert, Dean noticed dimly, had joined too, assisting as always by pulling beasts off for Castiel to target.
“Who said anything about dating?” Cas asked. He was joking and Dean knew that, but he tensed anyway. “I’m kidding, Dean.” His thumb caressed absently at Dean’s pec. “You— You mean a lot to me. You’re more than worth the risk. Unless you don’t want to?” He started to pull away, but Dean wrapped an arm around him and held him close.
Also thankfully, he had a window view to the parking lot, where Dean was leaning on his car, talking with Sam, and a guy Castiel recognized as Ash, their stage manager. Whatever Ash had said had made Dean laugh, and the way the sunlight danced on his throat as he threw back his head was beautiful.
“Mmmmph.” Dean didn’t even attempt to move his head out of the pillow. He could feel drool coating the down pillow beneath his cheek and still could not muster enough energy to move.
“Not to interrupt whatever that was, but no, we’re not leaving,” Sam said. “We hit a snag. Hoped you could help.”
In a way, the overgrowth was necessary, as the ground was soft and slippery. Because the trees blocked out so much of the sunlight, and the humidity was so high, everything under the leafy canopy stayed damp and misty. The weeds and various fauna they were stomping on provided some needed traction, as even their boots weren’t quite enough.
He waited for the Man in Black to reach the top, but he was making little progress and Kevin quickly grew impatient.
“Search his pockets for change,” Dorothy said, pulling out the device and setting it to the side. “Now, someone who is still partly alive...” She leaned close to the man's ear. “Hey, buddy!” she shouted suddenly, Kevin flinching. “What's so important? What do you have here that's worth living for?”
Inside the house, Catherine Ogle was kissing her husband and heading upstairs, presumably to bed. Daniel relaxed even further into the couch, happy and content, and close to drifting off.
“To the pain means the first thing you will lose will be your feet below the ankles. Then your hands at the wrists, next your nose,” Castiel threatened, his voice low and gruff, like molten lava over rock.
He didn’t know how he made it home, and Anna had demanded the full story from him when walked in the door, but he dodged her and made for his room. Castiel face-planted on his bed and didn’t move until morning.
Crowley did that little “heh” thing that meant he was laughing. He understood Dean's sense of humor. If he wasn't such a dick that Dean didn't trust as far as he could throw him, they probably could have been friends.
Cas cleared his throat. “Anyway. I made a second copy of the script earlier, in case Anna wanted to help me.”
Dean was whispering with Ash when Castiel looked back to him. There was no doubt in Castiel’s mind that if Dean could find it in himself to continue with the drama club, he could be the stage manager for the Spring play. He understood sets like Castiel understood pitch, and Ash would gladly step back.
She sighed. “Yeah, I know.” Becky took her mail and re-locked the bin. “Have fun, Dean. Any chance I'll need ear plugs tonight?”
Cas resisted a second sigh. He should be used to Dean’s hedonistic ways by now, and the obsession with naked, lewd, hedonistic women. But he wasn’t. It grated. Every single time. So perhaps he sounded a little annoyed when he said,  “I suppose I could strip if that’s what you really want.”
Of course, because life is just that fair, none of these comforts could really be enjoyed. Crowley and a group of his goons stood before them.
Castiel wasted no time reattaching himself to Dean’s neck the second they were in the elevator. Throwing his head back, Dean groaned. His fists found their way into the back of Castiel’s shirt and Dean begged the elevator gods for the thing to go faster.
Dean was quiet for a while. This was huge. He now knew the angel that had saved him from hell. As if that wouldn’t have been a big enough revelation on it’s own, he just had to go and fall for the guy, and then fuck him. This was ten kinds of messed up.
A hand was sliding down Dean’s backside and over the skin of his buttcheek. He’d never managed to get out of bed to put his boxers back on. Something Castiel took advantage of as he slid a finger into the top of Dean’s crevice.
“The shots weren’t working,” Castiel said, still not panting as he jumped straight over the dug grave. “I’m trying distraction.”
Taking Cas’s cock back between his lips, he wiggles his eyebrows. Castiel adds his other hand to Dean’s hair, tightens the grip, and slowly pushes him down until Dean’s lips are seated at his base once again. He pulls his hips back just a bit and thrusts gently forward. When Dean doesn’t gag, he does it again, again, until he’s thrusting his hips and pulling and pushing with his hands so hard and fast that Dean’s eyes do eventually begin to water.
Surroundings? Dean tried to open his eyes, but the pale light from a light source nearby, probably a lamp, given its height, was enough to send a fresh stab of pain through his head and the moan came out of its own accord.
So instead of dining and dashing like a wild animal, Dean had a seat and they ate like normal humans. John asked Castiel a few questions about himself, and Castiel answered politely. Dean learned that Castiel loved English class the most, but he didn’t elaborate on why. When John asked how he’d met Dean, Castiel met Dean’s eyes across the table for a brief moment before he told John that he’d seen Dean around school for years, but they hadn’t talked until Dean had saved him from a really embarrassing fall.
He was in the kitchen, debating the merits of a pre-game beer, when he heard his neighbor's door open and close, and Mr. Deep Dulcet Tones walked by humming to himself. Dean checked his watch. Yeah, he really didn't have time for a beer. He needed to get going too, or he was going to be late.
“That would be a lot easier if you weren't manhandling me, you Bob Dylan hippie,” Dean complained, trying to get his hand into his pocket. Castiel grinned.
Castiel nodded his understanding. Then, “Did you sleep with him?” he asked, trying to sound casual, but Dean could hear the tension in his tone.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean. “You’re remarkably calm about this,” he said. Dean stared him down. Castiel was under cross-examination, not him. “Fine. Hi Dean Winchester, my name is Castiel. That was the closest human pronunciation to my seal name under the seas. When I was a teenager, my brother died and I was blamed for it. I fled to land, where I adopted the last name of Milton, and used my knowledge to get ahead and make a living. I never went back to sea.”
He walked towards the party, a smile beginning on his lips, faltering just as quickly. “What happened?”
Castiel still look mortified. Which was not helping how ridiculous he looked, fully dressed, a softening cock hanging out, and a wide-eyed face of stupor and horror.
Dean chuckled. “We need to change the sheets first, Cas, maybe take a shower.” Cas pouted and it was adorable. “But I’ll let you show me what you can do with your mouth while we’re in there.”
For once, Cas was the one rendered speechless. After dropping that not-even-remotely-subtle hint, Dean headed straight back out to the dance floor, moving his ass as much as humanly possible. Castiel followed him, but it was at a pause.
“I'm taking my time,” Dean explained. “I'm making up for so many years without you. I want-” he kissed Castiel's left hipbone, “-to make this something worth remembering for a lifetime.”
"Come on Dean, spill yourself. Do you even know how filthy you look right now? Wish I could fuck you all over again."
The theatre was old, falling apart. The velvet upholstery on the seating was stained, faded, and running thin in spots. The gold trimmings and filigrees along the proscenium that framed the stage were peeling and needed to be resurfaced. The aisles were sticky with who knows what, as pop and alcohol was not allowed in the theatre, but somehow the grime from the outside had seeped in anyway. The stage was scuffed and little pieces of marking tape clung stubbornly to it. The audio system was to tell the actors to speak louder. The electrical system for the lights was old, finicky, and took a little extra love and patience to get set right.
The woman was in her 50’s with red hair that was trying hard to reach out for the humidity. She had it under control with a couple of carefully pinned clips. Her black blazer and skirt were nice, but nothing fancy, and spoke of someone who was well put together, but not pompous about it. She extended a hand to Sam.
Dean blinked twice, surprised. He’d thought, if anyone was going to have an issue with his law breaking, it would be an angel. “For real? That doesn’t bother you?” Dean asked. “All moral and goodness, Mister Angel?”
“My fear was,” Castiel continued, “that as driven as he was, he would come back to continue his work at demolishing the late King’s family line.”
John agreed and led the way to the stables where Castiel was sure to be tending the horses at this time of day.
That was true. Since they were on the third floor out of twenty, it often did take longer to be lazy than to climb the stairs. He normally did take the stairs, actually, but he’d been hoping to make out in the elevator on the way up.
“S’okay,” Dean told her. “Get some sleep, I’ll continue in the morning. We should reach his camp by the end of the day.”
Crowley made one of his men give up a horse for Dean, and then took the reins in his own hand to ensure he would stay close. He whispered something to one of his men, one dressed better than the others and clearly not a regular guard, before he began to lead Dean away.
Castiel crossed his arms and Dean’s hand slid off. The doggy bag crinkled with the motion. “Oh really. Dean has done nothing but push me away and now you need my help?”
Anna got out plates while Castiel set out glasses. They moved in the kitchen like two people that frequently moved in the kitchen together. Within minutes, Dean had a huge meatball sandwich, a glass of water, and a side of broccoli. Which he really didn’t give two shits about, not with the tasty meatfest in front of him, but he ate it anyway to be polite.
They rushed down the hallway, all giggles and smiles. He suspected they weren’t going to need Facebook to keep them entertained for a very long time to come.
It was strange. The uncertainty was still there, but somehow nearly being killed and saved again by his angel (well that didn’t take long) had made everything else seem less
Given that Norbert still occasionally flew overhead, Dean supposed that once Castiel made a bond with an animal, he had a hard time letting go.
“But it is a worthy cause!” Kevin shouted, anxious. “His, his wife is sick and they have five kids, and, and, it's all really, really sad...” Kevin's dreams were slipping away. He panicked. So shoot him.
The lights flashed behind Azazel’s eyes, and that wasn’t just a metaphor. His eyes literally flashed with light and fire, his expression shocked and angry, before he fell to the ground, twitching with electricity shooting across his skin before he gave a final jerk and stilled.
“Sit down,” Pamela said. Her voice was stern, but almost sounded bored. “You’re a part of this family now, kiddo, we’re all going to get you through this. Because you deserve this part.” She looked over the other people in the room, and several of them nodded in agreement.
“You want my advice?” Meg asked. No, no he did not. “Get over him. He’s never going to be with a guy.”
"I’m not as naive as you think I am," Castiel tells him as he crawls over Dean on the bed, pushing him back down. "For example, I know you’re a filthy slut, Dean Winchester." Dean gasps, his eyes dilating quickly. "I know you not only fucked your fist, but fingered your ass. I know you used a lot of lube and stretched yourself raw until you were cussing like a sailor and using my name as a prayer."
Castiel looked up, startled. “Oh,” he said. “Just a cat hair,” he explained. He puckered his lips and blew at the finger, sending the hair into the room. “I guess housekeeping wasn't as thorough in this room.”
Castiel -the date had a strange name- was CIA, like Charlie, though they worked in completely different departments. Cas was more like James Bond, Charlie was more like Felicia Day, a computer nut on their favorite TV show. And as much as Dean thought Charlie's job was badass, Castiel being an agent just fueled every wet dream he'd ever had.
“That’s what you get for teasing me when your feet are within reach,” Cas replied, cocky smirk still plastered on his face.
“He's been like that since the swamps,” Crowley had said to his right-hand man Metatron at dinner one night. He likely did not know Dean could still hear him from where he was slinking away. “It's my mother's failing health that troubles him.”
Whatever, it didn't matter. The point was, what right did Dean and Castiel have to have everything he did not?
Though, if he was to be honest with himself, which he wasn’t often, there was one thing he could complain about.
Dean pressed in without thinking. It was instinct that urged him on, no conscious part of him remotely aware that he’d felt this way.
One from Castiel, one from Dean, and the third? The third was from someone named Becky Rosen, and it said she lived in 6A and you've probably forgotten but we met once and God bless the existence of Charlie Bradbury for the sounds that filtered up to my bedroom last night.
That. Castiel’s cock slid into the back of his throat with ease, and Dean knew he could take the rest without a problem. He pulled off all the way, Cas groaning at the loss.
They talked about classic cars for the short drive, and continued talking about cars in the bar. They talked about work, Castiel assuring him his job wasn't as glamorous as the movies made it seem. Dean, an engineer at a local aviation company, assured him engineers were
“Amateurs,” Dean clarified with a charming smile. He slapped Sam on the back. “Well, except for this guy. He just eats it up.”
Dean was a prisoner and he knew it. Sure, the guards outside his room, the ones that followed him to the dining hall and the few places he was allowed to roam, were placed there under the pretense of protecting him, but he was no fool. They were there to keep him from leaving. Whatever Crowley wanted him for, it certainly wasn't for a loving and healthy relationship.
One side of Castiel’s lips quirked up into a leer. “I don’t know if I can promise you that.” He backed Dean into the bed, pushing him onto it. Dean landed with a bounce. “You may be sore for days.”
They were finished by the time the sun was properly “risen” and slid back into Baby’s comforting interior. They were too exhausted to talk much on the drive back and even Dean was tired enough that stopping for breakfast sounded like too much work. They both chucked their dirty jeans and shirts and crawled into bed in boxers, intent on passing out. The room was fighting against the plan, as it contained almost nothing to block the sun coming in, just a plain strip of curtain fabric covering only the top of the window. It had some name that Dean was too tired to try to remember. He grabbed a pillow and pulled it over his head, while Sam threw an arm across his eyes. They were out in seconds.
Dean choked on his burger. He’d literally just inhaled the hunk of meat when he heard Charlie use the word queer. As he bent over and sputtered, Castiel patted him on the back comfortingly.
Cas gasped, his pupils blowing impossibly wider. When Dean looked back at his dick, a drop of precome pushed through the slit.
The next morning, they set off for home, taking The Royal Road south this time. They weren’t in a rush now; if anything, they were trying to go slower, savor their time together. Dean was going to ask Castiel to move to the human world, maybe take up adventuring with him, go on quests, hunting monsters and saving people, but he didn’t know how Castiel was going to react.
It went similar to the previous morning, only this time, Castiel didn’t steal anything. Dean bought some bread for lunch again, adding a water flask and some trail nuts, and they set out for another leg of their journey. This time, at least, Dean knew it would be a long day. The sign post outside town had indicated it was 25 miles to Snow Bitten. They probably wouldn’t arrive until well past sun fall.
His owl, Norbert apparently, arrived while dinner was cooking. It was freaking huge and when it landed right above Dean, he nearly pissed himself. Castiel pet its head a few times while the ginormous bird cooed. Then he flapped to a higher branch, settled in, and took to watching them. Dean had the strangest sense that Norbert didn’t quite like him.
“Are you okay?” Cas asked, staring straight ahead at nothing and making no move for the door handle. “If this was a bad idea, I can—”
“They were set on you by a very confused, very evil sorcerer,” Castiel explained, kneeling down to join them. “But they are gone now and I don’t think they’ll be back. Can we help you home?”
“You’re incredible,” Castiel told him. “I wish–” he began, but cut himself off. He shook his head gently and didn’t continue.
Castiel was trying not to laugh. “Dean, riding a horse is perfectly safe. You put yourself at much greater risk every time you steal.”
Which Dean took to reminding him about the very next time they met up. They were back in Castiel’s bedroom, sprawled on Castiel’s bed, and all Dean could talk about was Lisa this, and Cassie that. He’d mentioned a cute girl before, but he’d never been this incessant, like he was making a point.
So he has a cat. No big deal, the cat is not here, and Dean would likely never meet him back on land.
The can of coke hissed as Dean slid his finger beneath the tab and popped it open. He helped himself to a seat on Castiel’s bed and took a sip of the bubbly beverage.
Of course, Dean could be enticed by things beyond fine linen and down feathers. The bed dipped as Castiel sat down in the space by his side, shifted as Castiel leaned over him, and hot, wet kisses were pecked all along the back of Dean’s neck.
She nodded and they moved to help her stand, but she pushed them away. Prideful. She probably hated that she’d needed help at all. She really could have been Dean’s little sister if he didn’t know any better.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean said, wobbling his head sideways to look at him. “Good doesn’t cover it. Where did you learn that?”
Dean honestly had not considered that, and immediately felt like a rookie. They weren’t used to digging up graves in the middle of the day, but he should have still considered the environmental factors. At least Cas thought to grab the water.
Cas chuckled. “Well I would hope it would be the other hand.” The joke startled a laugh out of Dean. Cas’s free hand reached for Dean’s right and brought the palm to his lips. “Let me guess. This one handles your cock—” he kissed the palm before letting it drop and picking up Dean’s left hand “—while this one—” he sucked two fingers into his mouth before pulling off with a pop  “—does this.” The two fingers in Dean’s ass suddenly curled and pressed into his prostate, sending pleasure zipping through his body.
Castiel made a dismissive gesture. “Yeah.” As Dean started to walk away, Castiel found a few more words in his vocabulary. “Dean?” Dean paused and turned to look back. “Thank you.”
When the alarm went off the next morning at what had to be the ass butt crack of dawn, Dean threw one of Castiel’s luxurious pillows in the general direction of the noise, muttered a complaint, and rolled over.
Dean stepped carefully out of the tub, his legs still feeling a little weak. He reached for a towel and wiped some of the moisture off his skin before using a hand to wipe at the glass of the mirror. He watched his reflection run his hands over his hair and smile. He looked happier than he had in a while, better. Nothing like having an intense orgasm to take the tension away. The bags under his eyes were softer and his shoulders lacked a hard edge they normally had. The mysterious handprint scar on his shoulder was still there though, mocking him, reminding him of the worst time of his life.
It took Dean a minute to realize what she was talking about. He’d seen the signs, they’d driven through Sevierville on the way in, but he had no idea it was pronounced that way. Severe-ville. Probably an old spelling error.
Jo took a step backwards and looked Castiel up and down. “Way to do that literally.” Castiel blushed.
He slammed his lips into Dean’s, still keeping his leg up with a hand, which was now on his ankle, and went from lazy thrusts to drilling Dean raw in the blink of an eye.
At least Dean was. Cas couldn’t keep his hands to himself, and every chance he got he was sliding a palm over Dean’s ass or rubbing fingers into Dean’s wrist. If they had a pause in the conversation where he could get away with it, he’d lean in and whisper filthy promises in Dean’s ear, his lips skimming the tender skin before pulling away.
“Okay,” Dean said, when he could speak again without struggling to breathe. “Okay, so I should…” he said, waving at Castiel’s crotch.
His failure to get his revenge made him more bitter and more angry, until he burned through it all and was left empty inside.
They turned frantically to look for her, a moment of panic flashing through him before he spotted her. She was on the ground, five feet away, clutching her arm. Dean breathed a sigh of relief.
Charlie put a hand on Dean’s arm, stopping him from replying. “Don’t mind Sam. What did you and Castiel do next? What did you do with the body? Was the guy still in the town?”
Omiel looked at the blade in shock. The entire dance had happened in a second.  He didn’t die right away, nor did he seem to be shrugging it off.
The road was not far from where he and Impala had stopped, but Dean was still surprised when he heard hooves on the pavement. Few people traveled out this way but his family.
The lube popped as Castiel opened it and moments later there was a finger pressed against Dean’s hole. Castiel teased his rim for a moment, circling around it, because apparently “Professional Tease” was his actual job description.
“Oh yes,” Cas said, sitting back. The pressure was back at Dean’s hole as Castiel lined himself up. “I’m going to make you see stars.”
Cas grimaced in sympathy. “I don’t,” he said. “We should get you to a healer in town, they should be able to set it and give both you and Kevin some pain medicine.” Charlie nodded, wincing and whimpering as Castiel helped her to stand.
“I will leave you to your bath,” Castiel said. His cheeks were red and he wouldn’t meet Dean’s eye as he shuffled his way to the door.
Dean could hear the sounds of town well before they broke the forest edge, and he suddenly realized he had no plan. He could try to go to the town guard, but considering this whole thing had started when he stole something, that might be a bad plan. They were also small town guardsmen and something told him that they wouldn’t be up to the task of taking on this guy.
Dean chuckled. “I’ll keep that in mind.” He stroked his hand down Castiel’s back, enjoying the way Cas seemed to melt into him. “You know, this is going to get really awkward if things go south between us. You’re not supposed to date your roommate.”
Dean was too busy staring at Castiel's lips, dying to taste them, suck on them, nibble them, to understand the look Castiel was sending him.
“At present I'm writing the definitive novel on the subject. So I want you to be as honest with me as possible about how The Machine makes you feel. This being your first time, we'll start with the lowest setting.”
Meanwhile, outside the bar, Sam was bored. He'd join the Brute Squad because it was something that paid and something to do.
The front door opened and Dean heard Sam’s tinier feet come down the hallway. He paused at his own door, and that’s when Dean realized his fatal mistake. He’d left the light on.
More than onboard with Dean’s plan, Castiel stood and pulled the garments off the rest of the way before bending over to help Dean remove his, which he’d already gotten halfway down his hips.
The good thing about having to join the merriment is that it gave him and Cas another opportunity to regroup and take care of business. They asked about “their friend,” but still got nothing useful. Dean also inquired about a messaging service, if they had anyone that regularly ran to Droplet Falls. They did, so he wrote a quick message to Sam explaining that he had something come up and he’d be back as soon as he could.
“Well that’s just really shitty,” Dean said, finishing the least of his bread and wiping his hands on his pants. “Everyone deserves someone to care about them.”
“It’s okay.” Cas’s voice sounded like he’d swallowed sandpaper, and he didn’t turn back to look at Dean again.
Cas snorted. “Easy for you to say. I just spent the last years as a human, and within hours my entire existence was turned around.”
“Oh god, Cas, you couldn't have come before that dickbag had the clergyman declare Crowley and I man and husband?”
“Yeah, I could, ya know, run lines with you and stuff. Maybe if you’re more comfortable with that, you’ll be more confident on stage.”
“Right,” Dean said reluctantly. He knew that they were at the point in the conversation where he should go, that Castiel’s boss was waiting for him. He was still reluctant to leave. Castiel had just become a bit of a mystery, and Dean wanted to figure him out. He had a thousand more questions to ask.
The man tilted his head, evaluating Dean for one second longer than was strictly necessary before taking his hand. “Castiel,” he said.
As if in timed practice, Gregors’ words were followed by the door to the cabin crashing inwards, splinters flying across the room.  Castiel swirled around Sam’s larger figure, rushing forward, only to stop abruptly at the sight of Dean by knife point.
“I am responsible for 2.2 million dollars worth of customers and assets Mr. Winchester, unless your brother passed away and you somehow failed to apply for FMLA, I can’t afford the luxury of caring about your personal issues. You’ve gotten careless and I’ll have to let you-“
It was nothing Dean had ever heard before, so he was doubly shocked when the ghost flickered once, twice, and then screamed in frustration just before disappearing.
They finished eating and Castiel laid down next to Dean, wrapping him in his arms. As they had done with the cloaks, the bedrolls served as both a base and a blanket for them to share. Dean was already getting used to sharing his bed every night with the beautiful archer.
“What you read in the papers was entirely true,” Castiel explained. “My ship was taken by the Dread Pirate Roberts. I was terrified, but not for my life. For the fear that I would not make it back to you. And so I had pleaded for my life on the grounds of True Love. Something about me...” Castiel shrugged. “He told me he'd spare my life for the night. He said, 'All right Castiel, I've never had a valet, you can try it for tonight. I'll most likely kill you in the morning.'”
“Hello,” he said with a deep voice, both rough and smooth, like silk pulled over sandpaper. “Come to enjoy the view?”
“Cool,” Sam said, bouncing on his feet. “Not quite what I had in mind, but if it gets you to relax, I'm all in. What do you want to hit first? Slots? Roulette?”
But he only made it a foot or so when something swam sharply in front of him, followed by chillingly evil laughter from behind.
He was hyper aware of Dean’s reaction, too. He was holding Castiel’s lead hand tightly, pulling Castiel in tighter than he needed, and when they stopped, still embraced, he made no move to pull away, staring at Castiel like he was the most amazing thing in the universe.
Though Castiel still clearly did not understand what was fun about successfully escaping not one, not two, but three people trying to stop them, when Dean was only trying to find the guy so he could
Castiel shook his head and took Dean's hand with his free one. “Come on, let's see how deep this goes.”
And now here he was, Saturday night at the cast party, holding Castiel’s hand in public. Who would have guessed a month ago that this would be him? He would have punched you in the nose if you’d suggested it.
They collapsed as a boneless, sweaty mass onto the bed. Distantly, Dean thought he could hear cheering, but that had to be the blood rushing around his head.
“Good, you’re awake.” The owner of the voice shuffled into Dean’s clearing vision. Gregors looked gleeful as he wrapped a hand around Dean’s bicep and hauled him bodily to his feet. Yeah, the light had been a lamp. He was in a small cabin, probably Gregor’s.
The man turned his eyes upward. Kevin decided to help him out and grabbed his face, forcing it upwards so he could meet Sam's eyes. “Dean has that exact same scar in the exact same place, and he also lost his brother. They thought you'd died, but you'd be the right age,” Castiel explained.
It was a beautiful night. The stars were bright overhead, and though the air was crisp and cool, it seemed to only make the sky bluer and the stars shinier. Dean took Castiel’s hand, and, without another word, they continued meandering in the night.
Several people turned to look at them. Dean winked at an older man that was probably an oil baron or something and the guy scowled and looked away sharply.
“Smarts never was my best skill,” Dean responded with a drawl. “But I think you’ll find my skills with a sword have improved, not to mention the upgrade.”
“Hey,” he said, moving around the grave, placing a stabilizing hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He was starting to freak out. “I don’t know, but I do know you’ve saved my ass twice now. And I know you cared about helping these people as much as we did, maybe even more. I know you’re a good guy, and that’s what matters. We’ll figure the rest out. I promise.”
Dean’s hands finally pulled off his shoulders and Cas wasn’t sure if he was relieved or disappointed. Probably both.
“Yeah, okay Dean. I get it, girls are hot or something, whatever,” Castiel finally snapped. He threw his script to the side and popped open the Coke he had grabbed earlier.
It didn’t exactly help the feeling that Castiel was out of his league, but it did ease the sting of rejection. Dean covered Castiel’s hand with his own, rubbing his thumb gently on the warm skin.
They traveled through the forest at an unhurried rate, seemingly having extra time. It was time Dean needed, to wrap his mind around things. The others chattered, but he missed most of it. The only bit he really picked up on was when Kevin asked Castiel about the clearing. Apparently a small group had gone back to recover the bodies of their fallen regents and bury them properly. After the rest of the guard for Magnolia had disappeared, Castiel maintained the grave site on his own.
He wasn’t kidding though, when he said he liked it. His pants are so tight, it hurts. He didn’t even know it was possible for boxers to feel that constricting. Still, he ignores it, focuses on working his tongue and providing some suction.
He opened the top and rubbed a small amount onto Dean’s swollen flesh before setting the jar aside. Cas massaged the drops in so gently that it almost seemed to ease the soreness, not add to it. Then, carefully, he resumed his task of bandaging the busted knee.
He'd almost forgotten Metatron was still in the room until he spoke. “Dear god,” he said. “You must be that little Asian brat I taught a lesson to all those years ago. Incredible. Have you been chasing me your whole life, only to fail now?” Metatron put his hands on his hips and laughed. “I think that's the worst thing I've ever heard. How marvelous.”
The sun was low in the sky as they cruised down East Parkway. Warm rays streamed through the glass and Castiel’s skin seemed to glow in the light. Dean was just glad Castiel’s eyes were mostly fixed on the road as they chatted, so he could take in the sight unimpeded.
“I apologize, Dean,” Castiel said as their drinks were handed over. “You’re panting, perhaps I’ve been a little too rough with you.”
Dean gasped as another pulse of pre-come dribbled onto the sheets. He had no idea a little bit of humiliation would push his buttons until today.
Those delicate features were twisted, not with fear, but anger. She was still shaking, but Dean was beginning to suspect a different source than pure terror.
Though one sunk in head deep at first drop, the descent luckily slowed after that. Thanks to Castiel's quick thinking, he was on level with Dean in a moment, feeling Dean's shoulder bump into his gut. He snaked his arm down and under Dean's armpit, pulling him close.
The woman nodded, pleased with his response. Her humidity addled hair bobbed with the gesture. She had sharp eyes and an angular look about her that spoke of someone not to be trifled with.
. Dean needed to feel every inch of him, to caress him and squeeze him and revel in the feel of his warm skin, and water sloshed everywhere as Dean tried to just. Get. Closer.
He let one shoulder raise in a shrug. “Seriously. I wasn’t interested in anyone romantically at the time.” Not strictly true, there were a few guys that had caught his eye, but since that wasn’t going to happen, it didn’t matter.
“Dean!” Sam hollered in his ear. From his slightly annoyed, slightly worried expression, Dean gathered that he had called his name more than once. “It’s eight thirty.”
No, Dean spent his days as unconcerned as a boy should be. He was busy playing in the fields, helping with the farm, and barking orders to their stable boy.
“Now why would I try to kill my brand-new boyfriend?” Cas straightened from the counter. “Come on, your mom is going to notice if you sulk back here all night. We should mingle.”
He watched Dean put on his shirt and shoes and head out the door with worry in his eyes. Dean wished he could reassure him, tell him that everything was fine, but he was feeling more rattled than he had in a long time and the words wouldn’t come out.
“I do not envy you the headache you will have when you awake,” the Man in Black said, giving his attacker a long look. What was it about this redheaded woman that attracted men with good souls and made them do bad things?
Dean felt like he was being rated here, which was totally not fair. They weren’t there. They couldn’t possibly know that sex with Castiel was
, straight into the bundle of nerves that had Dean drooling. His hips snapped into Dean with an intensity that had stars blinking into Dean’s vision and suddenly the damn broke and he was coming. Thick ropes of come spurt out of him so hard that some shot past his head. He could feel it hit the pillow, his chest, a few drops even hit his face. He didn’t fucking care.
Dean wrapped a hand around Castiel’s tie and pulled him in, closing the chilly distance Castiel had enforced. “Then I’m in.”
Castiel’s face was fully flushed. He was humbled, embarrassed, and increasingly those feelings were mixing with arousal, just to confuse his poor little teenager brain.
“I need less food than most humans,” Castiel explained. Dean thought that might be true, but that didn’t discount some emotional eating too.  Or not eating, as the case may be.
A second finger was added soon after and Cas hummed as he scissored that two. “I thought you’d be tighter. You’d said it’s been awhile.”
“Jerk,” Sam responded automatically. “Seriously Dean, what happened? Did you break Castiel’s heart?”
Castiel wasn’t helping anything, groaning and moving like he’d never been touched by loving hands before. If what he’d said earlier was true, he probably hadn’t. He responded to the simplest touches, arching into Dean at the drag of a hand through his hair, groaning when Dean attached his lips to Castiel’s neck and sucked.
Dean had no intention of breaking off. Castiel stopped mid-sentence, his body going as tight as his bow, and his come releasing as fast as an arrow. Dean swallowed it all, using his tongue and cheeks to suck it out of him, trying to get more when Castiel had no more to give. Castiel whimpered and tried to pull his cock away. He was too sensitive.
“But it will be so much more satisfying than having Abaddon do it. The people love him even more now and his death will ignite a glorious war when we blame it on Guilder.”
Dean spotted movement out of the corner of his eye. He turned to meet the man while Castiel switched the blade for his bow.
Dean maneuvered stiffly into the seat. “Did I-“ he begins and has to swallow again before he can continue. “Is everything okay?”
“Noted,” Castiel replied, stepping closer. He carefully placed a hand on Dean's chest, Dean watching, breath caught in his throat. Castiel slid his hand up, his fingers grazing the skin above Dean's collar, before curving it around the back of his neck.
In fact, Dean gasped it out loud. Something he didn’t really know he had done until Castiel chuckled into his shoulder, throaty and beautiful. “Not anymore.”
“Well, in any case, we have the right spot now,” Dean finally said. He handed Cas the crowbar and shotgun. “You know how to shoot?” Castiel nodded. “Good. Anything pop up while we’re digging, you shoot it.”
Castiel nodded, content with the answer. Then he looked at the demon beast thrashing weakly on the ground and sighed. He removed an arrow from his quiver and embedded it into the beast’s chest. It stilled.
They man seemed confused at first as to why they were asking, so Dean said they were with ship counseling and just wanted to check on him. When he recognized Castiel, Sam jumped in to say that Cas was the one who had suggested they check on him.
Castiel made a sound in his throat that sounded something like a growl and slid closer. His lips attached themselves to Dean’s neck and it was Dean’s turn to let out a primal sound.
“I told Dean I had failed a king. I neglected to tell him the whole story,” Castiel explained. “The night King Phillip was overthrown, most of the kingdom was destroyed. The court was devastated. But a group of knights and a few close to the king managed to get his eldest child out before all was lost. Magnolia was saved.”
Kevin had noticed. He elbowed Castiel in the wing while Jo and Charlie ran one of their scenes. “What in the world is up with you?”
“You mean, despite the murders?” Dean ventured. He was going for a joke, which may have been ill-considered, given the nature of the topic. It was evidently a bad call either way, as Castiel’s face immediately darkened into something sad and forlorn. “Did you know-“
Cas had been looking around the area, his eyes evaluating every nook he saw, when he stopped and smiled. He grabbed Dean’s hand and pulled him off the beaten path, away from the crowds where, sure enough, there was a pillar with etchings of Mayan gods carved into it. He shoved Dean against it so that the pillar was a wall between them and the rest of the area, pulled his pants down, his cock out, and devoured Dean.
The last Kevin saw of Dean, he had quieted and was no longer fussing. But then again, Kevin thought, maybe Sam had just knocked him out again after all.
“Excursion day,” Castiel said, bouncing out of bed, far too cheery for the ass butt crack of dawn. “I’ve booked a trip to the Mayan ruins. And by happenstance, I have an extra ticket.”
The unlikely team mounted their horses and rode away, leaving Crowley in the dust. They set off for the sinking sun, Dean and Cas hand in hand, ready to start their life together.
Charlie shrugged and got off the couch. She was to the bathroom before all of the ooooh’s reached her.  She came back seconds later and dropped a lacy pair of pink panties right in front of Chuck.
Ah, autocorrect. What a thing of beauty. Gabriel’s texts used to require a translator to understand.
“It feels like coming home,” Castiel said gently, giving Dean a light squeeze. “Dean, truth or dare?”
“But morning came and went and this continued for days, weeks, and into years, the same thing every night. I spent my days learning anything I could. I was taught swordplay by the best there ever was. I learned about poisons and ways to kill a man.”
Dean snorted. “Well apparently he knows Latin then. Seriously though, he has no memory and a freaking death wish. I could have picked better.”
Castiel’s apartment complex was simple, and like most things in the small area, a little outdated, but fully functional. The hallway smelled a little musty, like carpet that had been in the humidity for too long, and the elevator’s air was a bit stale, but it didn’t smell of cat pee and the elevator moved fairly quickly to the top floor. Overall, Dean liked it. It wasn’t pretentious.
“Yeah,” Castiel said. “Yeah, this was a bad idea, I should quit now—“ He was standing up, he was going to leave, he was so stupid to think he could do this.
Was it possible? Truly? Cold shock ran down Dean's spine with the dawning realization. It would certainly explain his anger if he had been alive this whole time and thought Dean was faithless and had just abandoned him when he needed Dean most. It would explain why he diverted his gaze when Dean had tried to catch them, knowing his ocean blue eyes would reveal his secret. But what had happened? What had taken him so long to come back? Why was he dressed as the Dread Pirate Roberts?
Next, Mrs. Moseley asked for his vocal audition.  He’d chosen One Song Glory. His reasons were twofold. One, it gave him a chance to highlight his vocal range and depth, from low notes to high notes, soft to loud. Two, it was just a really great song.
“So do I,” Dean responded. He walked out to Sam, who was holding a pad of paper. “He has the same candles that were on that bastard ghost’s tombstone.”
Arriving at the closest tavern, the somber air did not improve. It didn’t take long to learn that there had indeed been a death, two actually. A beloved politician and his daughter. The girl had been only eight years old.
Mark? The ‘narrator’ who films the life of his friends, who has singing moments in almost every song? One of his favorite characters of all time, he was going to play him? In front of hundreds of people?
“I can’t,” Dean said weakly. He was still panting. “I thought… I want to… It’s too much.” He stopped and shook his head, taking another step backwards, bumping into a night stand. “I can’t.”
Dean was surprised to see a card in front of him. Right, blackjack. It wasn't his forte, not being a great game to hustle at. But it was one of the few casino games where the odds were slightly in the player's favor. More than slight if you could count cards, and do it smart enough to not be caught.
When Castiel finally began thrusting, he started slow and unhurried, deep and intimate, until Dean could damn near feel tears crowding in his eyes, unshed with the overwhelming emotion and sensations rolling inside of him. He held Castiel close, or rather, tried, as Castiel’s back was slick with sweat and his hands kept sliding.
“He didn’t think you were real,” Dean said with a smile. “I told him everything, he still didn’t believe me until Norbert landed on my shoulder, and you appeared holding your bow.”
Then he did the impossible and moved in closer, eyes fluttering closed, lips parted slightly. For one amazing second, Castiel knew they were going to kiss. Holy shit.
He was stopped by Sam, who had rested a hand on his arm. His brown eyes were wide and wild, but he managed to say, steadily, “Perhaps we should make camp.”
It was another Saturday practice and the cast and crew on site had decided to break for lunch around 1:00. Dean, not being as vital to rehearsal, had offered to take orders and make a food run to Wendy’s.
The six fingered man spoke first. “Kill the tall one and the dark one, but leave the third for questioning.”
Castiel must have lost his god damn mind because the first thing he thought when he saw the casting sheet on Monday morning was that he didn’t even have $20 to give to Gabriel.
That was probably one of the most romantic things he had ever heard. And it certainly went a long way towards easing his nerves about Castiel dying one day.
Cas let out a sound that was nothing short of a growl, and suddenly their kiss was ten times more sinful. One hand was in his hair while the other snaked down to Dean’s butt and squeezed. Dean had to fling out a hand and brace himself against the wall as Cas grinded into him, a building erection making itself known.
Even without the spandex and fishnets, that was exactly what happened this time, too. Cas was beautiful, his body was amazing, and it felt even better when it was bumping against his. Maybe he’d could get a second chance at that party hookup sans gold underwear.
Sam cursed underneath his breath. It sounded like some harsh words and it only made Dean wonder why they stayed with her.
Castiel fell backward with a jerk. The light was surrounding him, glowing brighter and stronger, and Dean didn’t think it was just a concussion making the brightness hurt.
As predicted, they arrived at Snow Bitten well into the evening hours and those at the local tavern were already thoroughly sloshed. They ordered dinner, Castiel for once being almost as hungry as Dean, and dug in, watching the townspeople laugh and talk and dance.
When Sam wouldn’t let the question drop and insisted on knowing more, Dean had promised they’d go over the history and work it all out another day, but that he really wanted to go celebrate by fucking his boyfriend.
Castiel wrapped his lips around Dean's cock and swallowed the thing like it was made for his throat.
“Go,” Castiel said. “I’ll wait here.” Castiel picked up his beer and Dean stared as Castiel took a sip, transfixed on his lips. “Dean.”
He was panting hard. “Too much,” was all Castiel could get out. “Just…” he thunked his head in the grass. “Give me a moment.”
“Dean,” Castiel growled, gripping his hips and setting a blinding pace from the start. He was carefully avoiding touching Dean's dick again. He probably knew that the second he fisted a hand around Dean's length, Dean was going to come like a freight train.
“Yes,” Castiel answered, “I did.” Before Dean's brain could catch up, Castiel was moving down the hallway again, saying, “I'll see you at breakfast, Dean.”
Dean sighed. “I thought you were dead, Cas,” Dean explained. “I didn't care about anything except for finding the bastard who killed you and ending them. Crowley had resources.”
“I doubt the spell will work. I think it’s meant for homes,” Castiel said, watching them break ground. “Speaking of, until last night, I was under the impression munition does not work.”
Dean’s eyes fly open, and he realizes Castiel is kneeling naked between his knees and reaching for Dean’s boxers. Once Cas has them pulled off and shucked across the room, he looks down at Dean and smirks.
Cas joined Dean in the laughter. The waitress appeared to have decided they were crazy and made a beeline out of there.
Shit, it was the hottest blow job Dean had ever given, watching Cas’s flat stomach twitch with need, his balls pulling up tight, curses and moans falling from his lips, and when he gave Dean’s hair the warning tug that meant an orgasm was imminent, Dean was about ready to follow him over the edge.
Metatron nodded. “Everyone will be envious of your prized husband.” He dropped his voice to barely a whisper and added, “His death will hit them most hard.”
Castiel pressed him into the grass beneath the twinkling sky and showed him how real it was. Dean followed his lead when Castiel gently removed his clothes, followed his lead with presses of lips and caresses of flesh, followed him further as Castiel sank low and brought him to pleasure. When he demanded more, Castiel whispered “as you wish” and pressed it into his flesh. When he begged for release, Castiel whispered “as you wish” and brought him to completion. When Dean told Castiel it was his turn, come, my angel, Castiel came, and after the shaking subsided, whispered back, “As you wish, my love.”
Castiel would not have even noticed the machine being turned off if it hadn’t been for Metatron speaking up.
Experimenting again, Dean pulls down just slightly on Castiel’s balls, and with a yelp, the man comes hard. Come hits the back of Dean’s throat and he lets it slide down, sucking at Castiel’s cock like it’s a candy filled straw.
Dean thought of the pile of chips Castiel had carried to the clerks. “I didn't know research into marine life made that much money.”
“Anna!” Castiel called, shutting the door behind him just a tad too loudly. “Anna, you’ll never believe—“
Kevin swallowed, suddenly uncomfortable with having the focus on himself. “Kevin,” he said. “That’s Charlie,” he said, motioning to the girl, “and that’s Sam.”
Castiel's eyes went wide with arousal. He looked like a wolf in heat. It was both terrifying and exciting, especially when he bent down and bit the meat of Dean's shoulder. Teeth pressed in, followed by suction, and then an easing of pressure as Castiel's tongue flickered over the bite.
“Whoa,” Dean said, and suddenly his hands were on Castiel’s shoulders again. Jesus, if he didn’t stop that, Castiel’s heart was going to pound through his ribcage. “I can’t let you do that. You had the most amazing audition I’ve ever seen. Cas,” Dean said. Paused. “It is Cas, right? Castiel Milton?” His thumb caressed Castiel’s shoulder in some sort of subconscious gesture of consideration. It made his pulse flutter. Dean was handsy and he certainly wasn’t going to complain. “You would be doing the entire school—hell, thespians everywhere—a disservice by turning down this role. I don’t think you understand how incredible your audition was.”
“Dude,” Dean said, catching a plaque on the wall with her name on it. “She’s been city manager for 25 years.”
Castiel froze like a deer caught in firelight. Dean waited. The only sound he heard was Norbert flying to the tree. Dean watched, seeing the moment Castiel had decided that the truth was well and truly out there, and that there was no point in trying to lie or deceive. He blew out a breath and his shoulders sagged.
So Dean whimpered and murmured into the bed, thrusting back into Castiel, chasing a prostate stimulated orgasm he knew wasn't going to happen. It was like putting a bite of apple pie in your mouth and being ordered not to swallow. It was an incredible, beautiful, perfect torture.
“Fuck,” Dean mumbled. He licked his hand and unceremoniously wrapped it around Castiel’s length. Then he leaned back in and resumed kissing Castiel, tightening his grip on his cock and moving. He worked Castiel’s length like he would his own, giving the tip a bit of a squeeze every so many passes before sliding back down.
And though he was still quite nervous, when the pianist started his beats, it was like he was someone else.
He became a champion of the people. To Dean's disbelief, they loved him. He was utterly unworthy of it, but a few well-placed words and simply having eyelashes like a milk maiden, and they were falling at his feet. It was bizarre. He wasn't even that nice.
They continued north after the short break, only this time, Castiel insisted Dean carry his own sword. The weight of it felt both strange and normal on Dean’s hip, hanging from the scabbard as they journeyed the rest of the way to the next town of Wind Driven. It was a long walk, much longer than either had anticipated. Usually towns sat within a day’s journey, but the distances could vary. They were both pretty confident the nearest town was coming, so even as the sun began to set, they continued walking.
A second finger was added to the first and pushed in with minimal resistance. As Castiel pushed two fingers against his prostate, his other hand went from his balls to his cock and pumped twice.
The strip ended as suddenly as it had started and they were once again on forest lined roads. Castiel had Dean continue for a ways, passing many overlook spots that, Dean had a feeling, normally had a few more cars parked at them. The views that he glanced at as he drove were breathtaking.
There were three people on Dean now, the beasts swarming and diving. He was doing his best to hold them off while meeting volleys and blows. To Dean’s amazement, he was up to the task of defending himself, but he had no opportunity to properly attack. He’d need help or he would die.
Castiel's hand touched his face gently, running his fingers over Dean's cheekbones. “Perfect,” he whispered, as Dean slipped in further.
Not that anyone could blame them. Lumbering up to the gate was a gigantic man, over seven feet tall. He wore a thick cloak and was shrouded, only making him more terrifying.
“Thanks mom,” Dean said with an eye roll. He took a bottle to Sam, and thumped him twice on the shoulder, his way of acknowledging a job well done. His shirts were retrieved from the ground and fortunately had not picked up much dirt. In fact, they were significantly cleaner than if he’d been wearing them while digging.
Omiel nodded. “Well unfortunately for them, and fortunately for me, you risked everything to get to Dean here, and popped up on Earth, practically in my backyard, screaming ‘Dean Winchester is saved’ so loud that I found you within a moment.” He took a deep breath. “And now your grace has almost fully returned. It just needs one final nudge.”
“He doesn’t care about you being gay,” she told him. “He’s just a prude.” She patted him on the shoulder. “I saw you with him at Mr. Sushi. You looked great together. I wish you the best.”
The tavern was mostly empty, it being too early in the day for many people to be drinking or relaxing. Everyone was working, except, Dean noted, an elderly man at a table, and his own father, passed out over a tankard in the corner.
“Do you remember when I told you that I once failed a king? King Phillip?” Castiel asked. “This is the grave of King Phillip, and the sword is
Dean was blushing again. Blushing and butterflies, he was going to have to drown that shit in motor oil. He threw back the rest of the beer in one gulp. It was a start.
He pulled Exortium out of the scabbard with a flourish. It took Azazel a moment, not understanding what Dean meant, but his eyes fell on the ring, and then a quick glance to the blade and the decorative pommel to confirm the suspicion, and the smirk was gone.
“Because your beauty is unmatched in all the land and I need a partner or I cannot become king,” Crowley explained. “You'd be a king as well,” Crowley pointed out. “The Vice King, naturally.” When Dean did not look suitably eager and pleased, Crowley grumbled. “It’s not like you have much choice in the matter,” he said, the threat vague but clear enough, though Dean still did not respond. Crowley sighed. “Most people would jump at this.”
Fine, that's just fine. They could lock him up again, he was ready to make good on this threat. He was leaving this room, one way or another. He stalked over to the window, pushed it open, and threw a leg out.
“Sorry.” He could feel the blush returned. “Reflex. I told you, it’s been awhile since I was fucked.”
Dean chuckled weakly, even as his stomach turned. He didn’t think he could drink any more. Still, he told the barkeep they’d be right there.
Conforming slightly more to Castiel’s expectations, Dean really had no idea how to tango. But that didn’t stop him from trying, leading Castiel across the small expanse that was his room with a serious look on his face that made Castiel want to crack up.
“Sam!” Dean admonished. This needed to end like yesterday. “Whatever. It doesn’t matter because I’m not gay.” Sam opened his mouth to speak, so Dean hastily added. “OR bi.”
“I have not known you a long time, but the longer we spend together, the more time I wish we had. You’re smart, funny, kind, and your ass is truly a wonder to behold.”
With the exception of the first attack on Dean, they’d only encountered beasts when someone had been killed by them nearby.
He was typically a quick healer, but Castiel was still quite amazed when he managed to get his head to flop to the side to look up at Kevin.
Donahue was still a little out of it, so he didn’t really question the pretty weak excuse. He plied at the tape and rolled the bandage up.
Perhaps Cas would never know what had caused Dean to hesitate, for they continued to the exit without another word.
John nodded and then waved his hand dismissively. Dean didn’t hesitate to obey the signal and went back down the hall with his sodas.
Omiel ignored him. “So I raised Gatlin’s spirit, targeted him on his old enemies, ones that came to the shop so I’d know you’d notice. And sure enough, you started to manifest more and more abilities. It’s coming back now, isn’t it?” Omiel paused, didn’t need Castiel to answer, and licked his lips. “Then this man showed up and everything fell into place. That wasn’t even part of the plan, you reuniting with the soul you rushed to save. But it helped.”
“Then why are you cleaning my wound?” Castiel asked, genuinely curious. Though he had a feeling he wouldn't like the answer. As the albino grinned, he knew he would not like the answer.
They danced—if one could call it that, Dean thought “foreplay” was much more accurate—for a while longer, until their erections were pressing too hard and obviously and repeatedly into each other that Dean couldn't stand it anymore. He pulled Cas close and said into his ear, “We need to get out of here and get naked, like, yesterday.”
“Have you had sushi before, Dean?” Castiel asked after they were seated. Dean shook his head no. “I apologize, I hadn't even considered... In any case, if you can keep an open mind, I think you'll enjoy it. And if you don't like the food, I'll make sure you at least enjoy the experience.”
The man scrunched up his face for a moment, trying valiantly to move something other than his facial muscles. All that came out was a groan. “How long am I going to be like this?”
Kevin had just enough time to turn away from watching Sam leave to register the room and sole occupant in it. The source of both his dreams and his nightmares stood before him. And as Kevin watched, an arm raised, flicked, and a knife flew across the room, hitting Kevin square in the gut.
A sad looked passed over his face. “I refused to do my job,” Castiel said. “The young woman I was sent to shoot with my bow, she was already in love. But heaven wanted her with someone else, and I refused. I’d long since doubted that my job was just, but that was the final straw. How could I destroy happiness all for the sake of bloodlines Heaven might need one day?”
Azazel’s eyes grew wide as Dean managed to push through the army he’d attempted to raise. Realizing he was going to have to fight Dean directly, he drew his sword, speaking under his breath. More beasts appeared, but Dean knew Castiel had it covered. As long as his quiver lasted, and it carried a lot of arrows. Plus, he’d watched Castiel roll around and make shots while simultaneously collecting arrows. The beasts were no threat.
He swallowed the lust down and was glad his voice came out normal. “I just got invited to my mom’s engagement party. If I show up without a date—”
Dean was curled around Castiel, kissing him gently, rubbing into him half-heartedly. They’d already reached completion thrice, and had management knocking on their door for a noise disturbance twice.
“That would be inconceivable,” she replied. “No one knows we're here, and besides, we have the fastest ship in Floren.” She waved her hand dismissively, then paused. “Why do you ask?”
Dean pulled off, grinning. “Yeah,” he said. “I, um-“ But he froze on the request, a blush blossoming.
The feeling of lips wrapping around his cock and sucking hard pulled Dean out of his worship around Castiel’s own length. He pulled off with a shout. Castiel’s hands urged him to thrust faster, thrust deeper, into his mouth, so he stopped holding back. He raised himself back up onto his hands for better leverage and pushed his cock deep into Castiel’s throat.
After singing with his neighbor for the length of his ten minute shower (his neighbor's ended a few minutes later), Dean was in an even better mood. He got out, toweled off, and got dressed, whistling Kansas this time. His lucky green shirt was perfect on him, and he took a moment to use some gel to spike his hair a bit, something he only did when he was happy and looking to be even happier in a few hours.
“Only once,” Dean finally said, ever so softly, his voice like a kitten’s purr. “Sarah, truth or dare.”
“Damn straight,” Kevin said. He looked at the four faces around him. “Actually, there is absolutely nothing straight about anyone in this room, so . . .  damn queer!” He lifted his pop can and chugged it back.
Still. “Not what I meant, Mr. Orgasmic,” Dean said. He shoved himself up, making a face at the tug of flesh and the squelch of them unsealing. “We can use it to clean us up.”
Castiel had dark hair and was quiet and serious. He did his work and earned his keep with a sort of stoicism that Dean lacked completely. He didn't quite get Dean's jokes and was often spotted shaking his head at Dean's antics. Dean didn't quite understand him, and so, as a child on the verge of taking over the homestead, Dean took it upon himself to tell Castiel what to do.
“No.” Dean met Castiel’s stare-of-steel between his fingers and held it. Too late, he realized it was a distraction. Cas’s fingers abruptly dug into his ribs and
It made contact and sliced right through the beast, which disappeared from existence before the sword had even finished slicing. Castiel shot Dean a smirk and he let two more arrows fly. He was proud of Dean, and for some reason, that made Dean blush.
What would have happened if Cas hadn’t made it in time? Would he be a demon now? Would he have been un-savable? Cas had said he could have lost himself. Did he mean physically? Emotionally? Psychologically? He could barely handle the memories he had of hell as it was now. He couldn’t imagine coping if he had cracked.
Metatron nodded. His fingers were tracing over the trunk of the tree they had just arrived at. “I can never find the knot,” he mumbled. Then his fingers traced over the trigger and he pressed it. The panel in the tree slid open. “Coming? Castiel has his strength back. I'll be starting him on The Machine.”
The fight turned. Kevin was winning now. He was making ground and the Man in Black was struggling to keep up. His answering strokes were slower, more clumsy, while Kevin had gained the upper hand and took to the offense effortlessly. It would only be a matter of time now. He was confident in that.
That wasn’t the first time he’d caught Dean looking at him. Which was very, very unfortunate, because Castiel wanted to spend more time looking at Dean, and he was making that quite impossible.
“Dean, I get the impression this man was not a local,” Castiel started. Dean nodded. “Then we should head for the next town,” he proposed. “Maybe we’ll find his trace there.”
Dinner continued peacefully, if not a little stilted. When Dean mentioned wanting to take Cas to the swim-in movie, Cas had smiled sweetly and said he’d love to. As neither seemed inclined to swim, they found an empty lounge area with couches on a balcony deck and settled in to watch the movie. They were a little further away than ideal, but the privacy was nice.
Castiel shook his head. “If anything, my time with humanity, living damn near as close to one as I can be, has made me appreciate it more. Maybe even…” Castiel let his voice trail off.
Dean and Castiel were trying to force some clothes on their bodies as fast as possible, tripping and falling, reaching for their things as they darted around the very mad woman, and, yep, that was definitely a lot of water on the floor.
“Man and wi- husband,” the tired little clergyman parroted out. Like those words mattered. Perhaps Crowley was banking on his witnesses not having a clue what just happened and believing them to be married anyway?
"I um," Dean begins, tucking himself back in his boxers and he sits up on the bed. "I have no idea what you’re talking about." His blush, and the drying come on this chest, say otherwise, but maybe Cas won’t notice.
Dean spotted the messy dark hair of the man he'd been talking with earlier and knew what, and hopefully who, he'd be doing with the evening.
Dean threw an arm across his face and started laughing. It was ridiculous. Mr. Sex God didn’t have condoms. Lucky for them, he always had one in his wallet.
Sam nodded his agreement and insisted on taking most of the heavy equipment. He took the bag and shotgun, tossing the crowbar to Castiel, and leaving Dean with only the shovel to man.  They were worried about him still. It was sweet. And annoying. He would have grumbled about being treated like a kid, but he was still a little off-footed and too tired to fight about it.
When Prince Crowley had heard from the groundskeeper Prince Dean had been taken, he rallied the troops immediately to catch the kidnappers and rescue his beloved.
“My apologies. Thank you for the awesome fuck. Your ass has been most accommodating. I would like to do it again some time soon,” Castiel said. “Is that better?”
Dean bit his lips to keep himself from saying things he shouldn't. That cut a little too close to the bone. But Dean had learned his lesson. He had to have faith in Castiel, in their love. “He does. He loves me as much as I love him.” He slid his eyes to the side, to Metatron. “Assuming he's still alive.”
“What are you groaning about?” Dean asked from the couch behind him. He was tossed over it backward, his head almost on the ground while his feet were up on the back of it. He had a Nintendo Joy-Con in his hand and Cas had absolutely no idea how being upside down was going to help him beat the final trials.
Dean was silent for a moment. “It sounds like you did everything you could. You’re only one person, Cas, it’s not your fault.”
The next hour was a parade of people Dean barely knew—distant family, friends of Mary and Paul—and people he absolutely had never met before. Luckily, Cas was good at the small talk, and he was even better at it after he had a glass of champagne in his free hand.
Shaking his head to clear it of thoughts of Dean, (it didn’t work), Castiel headed off to his own lunch.
The innkeeper was not helpful, or very helpful, depending on how you look at it. She was busy bussing tables and barely gave him a glance as she informed Dean that they only had a single bed room available. The price was reasonable, but if they didn’t catch Dean’s foe, they’d have to come up with some more cash soon.
Dean’s body was on fire, he couldn’t wait any more. He moved a hand from Castiel legs to his cock and began to pump himself.
“I do,” Dean said. He groaned again as Castiel popped the fly of his jeans and unceremoniously gripped his cock through his boxers. His mouth worked at Dean's shoulder. “Fuck yes. Top the shit out of me, Cas.
“Hey,” Sam said from the family room. Dean was in the small bedroom and losing all hope, so he came quickly at Sam’s call. “That painting,” he said, “Look at the signature. I think that painter had a piece in every place we’ve been in. What are the odds of that?”
A story, a myth, a legend of long ago, tickled at the back of Dean’s mind. He turned his eyes to the path of the arrows, and watched as they impaled each and every beast with an arrow to the head. The arrows, too, were aglow with the same blue light from Castiel’s arm, fading as they found their target.
He didn’t wait for confirmation before diving back in, but Cas provided it anyway, his voice all broken and shaky. “Y-y-yes. God yes.”
“Several hundred years ago, King Phillip and his wife Caroline both had blonde hair and green eyes. All of their offspring did too. When they were overthrown, the usurper had all of their children and heirs hunt down and killed,” Castiel explained. His voice was carefully neutral.
“You came up with that rather quickly,” Castiel observed, sliding his hand into the band of Dean's boxers. “Done this before?” He lowered all of Dean's lower garments with one shove.
The thought of “that guy” and “ass” had Dean’s lips turning up in a leer without his conscious effort. Yes, he hoped there would be another opportunity, another opportunity to get over his hang-up BS.
It wasn’t until they were in Rain Puddle, one town out from home, before Dean managed to broach the subject of Castiel’s arrangements.
A groan left Dean’s lips. “You just came,” he said. “You’re seriously going to make me wait until we can go again?”
The man, Metatron, Castiel had supplied, raised his sword as if preparing to defend himself, and then spun, and took off running down the hallway.
“Dean, I love you, but sometimes you are really, really dense,” Sam said. He slid into the arms of the beautiful woman and kicked the door shut behind him.
He was making straight for Dean when Castiel hollered out a duck. Sam and Dean hit the bottom of the pit as a salt round went off above their heads.
“Fine! Maybe I am. I have one goal in my life and that is to find my family. I'm not dying before that happens, so unless you think this is some crazy fairy tale and my brother is magically Dean, or—”
Sam was right. He needed to figure himself out. Cause there was one thing he knew to be true, and that was that he really liked Castiel.
Sam nodded. “Yeah, I can do that.” He clapped Dean on the back before picking his way down the mountain side to where the bag lay in the brush.
“You?!” Azazel asked with disgust. “A little penny whore is royal blood?” One of the girls snorted. “Well then, I’m doing the whole kingdom a favor.”
Castiel stood still for a long moment, the only part of him moving was his eyes as they roamed over Dean’s face.
“The feud between the Ogles and Gatlins would still be going on if it wasn’t for the fact that all the Gatlin’s died off,” Catherine said with a nod. “I’m surprised you didn’t encounter that yet, with your research.”
Dean's heart filled with hope. That had to be Castiel. Now if only he could find a way out of here...
The last pulse of his orgasm hadn’t even stopped when Cas stuttered above him, froze, and moaned low in his throat. Cas’s cock pulsed in Dean’s body, filling the condom.
Castiel looked at him, his deep blue eyes deeper than they’d ever been and sighed. “I can’t go with you right now Dean. I need… time.”
‘Seemed’ and ‘start’ being the operative words.  Once they got past some of the speaking parts, Dean shocked Castiel by singing Joanne’s lines. And either his sight reading was incredibly good, or he’d heard the number a couple, or dozens, of times.
Castiel paced around the area, looking alert and wary. “Is it common for there to be problems while digging up a grave?” he asked.
“Dean,” Castiel commanded calmly. “Get behind me. If you have a weapon, draw it. Otherwise, the knife I used on the raccoon is by the tent.”
Not exactly the side of theater he’d ever pictured himself on, but that was okay. Castiel seemed cool, this could be fun.
“She looked suspicious, think she was going to take you away from me,” Dean teased, taking Castiel in his arms and bringing him close.
She cleared off the table in the middle of the hut and Sam laid the Man in Black across it. Dorothy rubbed her hands together before examining the man. She poked him, prodded him, lifted his arm and watched it fall. She moved a hand down his chest and back up. Finally, she nodded.
“Good. Glad we’re on the same page. Now—” Cas rolled on top of Dean and settled between his legs “—how soon can we go for round… three? We have some time to make up for.”
The massage was, actually, pretty fucking amazing. And Dean could understand where after a hot day in the sun and a lot of walking, a relaxing spa trip made sense. Hands worked at knots and muscle Dean didn’t even know were tense. He moaned unapologetically through all of it, Castiel shooting him grins from time to time.
Dean shot her daggers with his eyes, but with his mouth still occupied with a rag, he was unable to voice the string of expletives dancing in his head.
Castiel called room service for a late lunch. They were wrapping up when Charlie texted Dean that she needed to talk to him.
Castiel was becoming more and more comfortable with his lines, so it was quickly becoming obvious that the stage was the real problem.
Once Castiel was on his feet, he sure looked a lot less like he was about to die. He was stable on his feet and even gave his arm a test stretch. He winced.
Dean was panting after a good hour and a half of climbing, taking on the extra weight of the backpack and a shotgun. Cas had a crowbar, while Sam manned the shovel, which he was using as a walking stick as needed, and man, Dean really got screwed on that arrangement.
“No,” Castiel said, emphatically. “No, I’m human when I’m in this shape. And Dean, I’ve been human for twenty years.”
“Alright, alright, calm down,” Mrs. Moseley called. “First, I just want to say that you have all done an incredible job these past few weeks. You’ve worked hard, you’ve made new friends, and you’ve faced your fears.” She glanced at Cas. A few people did. “Tonight is the beginning of the end of that hard work. Tonight you take the stage and you tell a story. Lose yourself in that story, and the audience will, too. Let’s get out there and put on a show they’ll never forget!”
“No,” Castiel said, holding up his hand, palm out. “You’re relaxing and I’m being silly. Let’s just… find a way to make use of our newly relaxed and flexible limbs.”
“Hey, okay,” Sam said, squatting next to them, “I got water and ibuprofen. Good thing we keep that handy.”
“Yeah, but after what we just did, I thought you were just being, I don’t know, polite or something.”
Frantically, Dean searched the swamp floor for something to use as a weapon. Castiel thrashed against the beast, easily the size of his entire torso, while Dean found a rock and raised it. He hit the rat in the skull and it let out a shriek, but only clung on tighter.
She hummed her agreement absently, her eyes dancing merrily between them as her lips slid into something sly. “You know, my dad was wrong about one thing. You don’t have to go home to get some privacy.” She winked and waltzed away.
“Sounds like ultimate suffering,” Kevin answered. “I recognize it. That is the sound my heart made when my mother was murdered before my eyes.”
“Oh, sure, yeah,” Dean said, stomping around the stage a few times. He was winding himself up. “That would just make you happy, wouldn’t it? Yeah. Make me queer, then I can fall madly in love with you and we can ride off into the sunset together.”
Impala lifted her head, nudging into Dean's hand forcefully. She was not happy with Dean's answer. Dean gave her a sympathetic glance and patted her gently. The grass of the meadow swayed in the breeze, and Impala turned his attention to the field.
The room had been completely turned over. Drawers were pulled out and their contents unceremoniously dumped, the bedding was tossed aside, the closet's drawers were hanging haphazardly and the suitcase that had been stowed within was laying on the floor, open and content free.
Rabbit, when Castiel cooked it, was delicious. Dean had a weird suspicion that Cas would be good with a stove too, and he had to shake away the image of him and Castiel and a house, and pastries baking in the oven.
“I’ll never make that mistake again.” Dean moved back to the couch, kneeling on it this time, facing Cas. “So what was wrong with the pics.”
One thing he knew was that he didn’t want this to end just yet. Whether or not he could get past sleeping with a fish was something he was less confident about.
“Dean,” Jo hissed, annoyed. They had, literally, a minute or two until Ash would call for lights and the curtain would go up.
Dean was getting ready to ask what the next step was, whether he was welcome to stay the night in the cabin or should grab some dirt, when the peaceful evening was shattered by the sound of branches snapping.
“Yeah,” Dean said, swallowing past a new lump in his throat. “Yeah, I’ll do that. Thanks, Charlie. There’s nothing else, right? Sam isn’t harboring killer mermaids or anything?”
Eventually, when Dean's anger had become a low and constant burn, he made for town, desperate to find the Dread Pirate Roberts and exact revenge for the love that was taken from him. But his thirst would go unquenched. No one knew anything about the pirate, and he lacked money to hire a ship and a crew to seek him for himself. Even the other low-lifes of the town couldn't see a reason to go after such a notorious pirate, no matter how much plunder Dean promised them from his share.
Dean grabbed the bottle opener from the drawer next to the sink and popped the top off. He leaned against the counter as he took a good, long pull.
“We can do this,” Castiel said, laying a hand on Dean’s. “We took on Azazel by ourselves and succeeded. Now we have help.”
Dean’s eyes went wide as he tried not to laugh. He was sort of spoken for at the moment and Jo Anna was nothing like what he wanted. Sort of missing the right bits.
There was still a faint warm glow on the edges of the sky when the demons came flying at them, straight out from the setting orange ball in the west, making it seem as if they were coming straight from the mouth of hell itself. Castiel prepped his bow and let three arrows fly in quick succession before they were remotely in Dean’s striking distance.
Castiel huffed. “I’m giving me time to adjust as much as you. Whatever experience you have Dean, it’s been awhile, hasn’t it?”
“Is this your first cruise, Dean?” Castiel asked. “You look like you want to jump overboard and swim away.”
Castiel laughed again, though his face held less myrth than before. “Not at all. We work on land, unfortunately.”
“Came to say goodbye?” Castiel asked, glancing at Dean before looking away. “You didn’t strike me as the type.”
Two guards rushed forward. Kevin passed Castiel to Sam, who caught the man loosely in his arms and nodded at Kevin in encouragement. Kevin drew his sword just as the men arrived. They were unskilled and weak and Kevin didn't even break a sweat taking them down. More came from a side corridor, rushing to the sound, but they were no issue either.
This time, the room stopped dead. Castiel’s heart found a way to pound a little harder and his fingers buried themselves a little deeper in Dean’s shirt. There was a long pause. No one was sure if Dean would continue or not. It was so personal of a question, Cas wouldn’t be surprised if he stood up and stormed out the door.
Castiel’s hands remained as a gentle squeeze while Dean set a slow pace, and when Dean’s movement became stronger, Castiel’s grip followed. He was pulling Dean on top of him, helping him grind on his cock.
“Well, sorry Cas, doesn’t work that way. You can’t make me something I’m not just to get your kicks in.”
Dean’s entire body was on fire with need, and he was seriously contemplating taking Cas upstairs and throwing him on the guest bed and fucking him senseless. Only he didn’t have lube or a condom, and something told him that if he tried anyway, maybe exchange blowjobs instead, Sam would find a way to walk in on it.
“Because Mrs. Moseley is crazy,” Jo said sarcastically. Her eyes widened comically, Dean assumed because she’d just remembered where they were, and looked around for their teacher to make sure she hadn’t heard.
“No!” Dean shouts, panicked. He hates sounding so desperate and weak, but, well, he is. He needs this job or him and Sam will be on the streets by the end of the month. “Please,” he says, sliding to his knees. “I swear, I will be better now, I’ll never have an issue like this again.”  Castiel seems to consider this, or at least doesn’t outright dismiss him, which is a minor blessing. “Is there any way I could make it up to you?” he asks, looking up to give Castiel his best puppy dog eye.
Dean rolled his eyes. Which he only got away with because his dad’s eyes had wandered back to the television.
“Really?” Cas leaned over, his thrusts going shallow with the shifted angle. Breath tickled Dean’s ear as Cas whispered, “I’m going grab your ass and hold you up off the bed and fuck you so hard into the mattress that you’re going to scream and come and paint yourself in your own release.” Dean swallowed hard, his mouth going dry with want. “This lube that I have imported? It makes your prostate more sensitive. If you enjoyed bottoming before, just wait.”
Castiel didn’t look fully convinced, but he gave a small press forward anyway and slid a little deeper. He worked himself inside of Dean in tiny little thrusts, loosening Dean up as he went and giving him time to adjust. By the time he bottomed out, Dean was getting impatient and thrusting back.
Once the door was shut and the storm door was banging against the frame behind them, Dean took a deep, cleansing breath of the warm, moist air. The temperature had gone up at least five degrees while they were inside. He was going to have to start peeling layers off.
Charlie shot him a disapproving look. “Just presenting another way to look at it,” She clarified. “Love is love.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean started, moving onto the other nipple before continuing, “Same. You never talk about dates or an ex, never showed interest in me. How was I supposed to know?”
“Sometimes I forget you’re not really human,” Dean said. His heart was doing a weird skitter pattern in his chest. He was falling for Castiel, and it was less than wise. They were of two different worlds. Could they ever truly have something?
The effect was instantaneous, Castiel moaning and twisting on the sheets. Dean ran his thumb over the crown, pull down gently at the foreskin, and Castiel decided that was enough. He surged up, crashed his lips into Dean’s, and swiftly changed their positions.
Castiel was running in circles. It would have been hilarious if he wasn’t being chased by a murderous ghost, who, in lieu of an axe, had picked up a shovel.
The clack of high heeled shoes approached them and a female voice came from behind. “Can I help you boys?” she asked.
He gasped at the feeling, jarring him out of the fuzziness of sleep. “Shit, Cas, fuck me now and you can take me wherever you want.”
Their faces were close, Castiel holding them that way, so Dean did the only thing that made sense and surged forward to press their lips together.
Cas alters fingers and tongue and combinations thereof at a speed Dean can’t fathom, never letting him get to used to a sensation before changing it up again. Sometimes he lets a finger drag over his prostate, but never in any regularity, never enough to let an orgasm build, but always enough to keep him on the edge, to drive him mad with pleasure. He’s leaking precome all over the carpet, in absurd amounts.
“I think we should ask Cas if he knows anything,” Sam said to Dean’s back. Apparently, he took groans and rolling over as a sign that his brother was awake and it was time to get to work.
There was silence after that, safe for the loud sounds of celebrating and partying coming from downstairs. Dean tried to relax and enjoy his bath, but it just wasn’t the kind of silence that was comfortable. It was weighted, and weird.
“You should come by my office Thursday after my class. I’ll take you out of that uniform and thank you properly. Would you like that?” he whispers to Dean. Dean swallows hard. “Yeah, I think you would. Want me to strip you bare, bend you over my desk, and shove my tongue inside your pretty little ass? I’ll have you writhing and moaning until you just can’t take it anymore, begging me to let you ride my hard cock. And I will let you. I’ll fuck you so hard, Dean, you’ll scream my name over and over again. And only after I’ve filled your ass with my come will I let you touch yourself. I’ll let you jerk yourself into the best orgasm you’ve ever had.”
Castiel had somehow walked them backwards to the couch and pushed Dean onto it. He planted knees on either side of Dean, straddling his lap. Dean looked up as if in a daze of lust. Castiel’s eyes were blown wide, probably matching his own. He looked like he couldn’t believe this was happening. That meant two of them.
When the sun was getting low, Castiel told Dean to keep riding North, he was going to hunt some game for dinner. Dean hated riding the fucking beast of doom by himself, but he was able to handle the momentary panic by humming his favorite tune to himself and consistently repeating in his head that dinner was on the way.
“We fight,” Sam said. “Bare hands against bare hands. I... don't relish this, but Abaddon ordered it, and so I must. And since I must, it should be fair.”
“I know,” Castiel insisted. “But this way, no blood was shed.” When Dean returned his statement with a blank face, he added, “I've done enough bad things in my life, Dean. I'm ready to do some good. With you.”
Castiel shuddered, bowing his head. Pressing on that spot seemed like an effective way of getting him to shut up and start losing it all over again.
Satisfied with the angle, Cas pulled while thrusting and rapidly built a brutal pace that went straight into Dean’s prostate. He cried out at the sensations, throwing an arm back and gripping the headboard to steady himself. His other hand wrapped around Cas’s wrist and squeezed.
From a chain around his neck, the man produced a skeleton shaped key to the gate that blocked their direct entry to the castle.
By the time she’d finished, thankfully without damage to his eye, there was still over a half hour to go before curtain. The nerves were rapidly returning. What was he going to do for half an hour? Throw up 16 times?
“Well isn't it convenient then,” Castiel said once he'd released his worried lip, “that I can also give-” he punctuated the statement with bending back down and giving just the tip of Dean's erection a filthy little suck. “Or-” he took Dean's hand in his own and guided it back, over his hips and further, under his underwear, and just until Dean's fingers brushed his crack. “Receive.”
Once some semblance of a plan had formed, they remounted and moved out, Dean still in a daze. Castiel was the last to leave. Dean watched as Castiel brushed a leaf off of Phillip’s tomb stone, laying a hand flat on the stone and bowing his head. Castiel must have respected, if not loved, King Phillip a great deal.
The fear of the Dread Pirate Roberts was an incredible thing. The only obstacles between Castiel, Sam, Kevin, and the castle, was a locked gate, and a shaking bald man.
And why wouldn’t they be? He was a junior in high school, everyone that had any inclination to act had already tried out before. Leads were usually handed out to seniors who had been around for the previous three years. No one ever jumped in this late. If they tried, they certainly never got a main part.
When Dean was finally standing in the middle of the room, chest heaving, he pointed a finger at Cas and said, “Not fair, you know how ticklish I am!”
“Truth,” Castiel declared, his breath ghosting Dean’s ear. There was an air of peace and contentment around him and Dean, and somehow he didn’t think Charlie’s question would doom them.
Dean closed his eyes, but he couldn’t stop imagining the beasts, vicious and cruel, coming after a father and his little girl. What could they have possibly done to deserve such a fate? Or was the man they were seeking just crazy?
Dean shared a glance with Castiel before he left. Castiel looked sad and maybe even disappointed. But he was alive, and that meant everything.
. But more than that, they were also both unwaveringly loyal to the people in their lives, and both unflinchingly willing to sacrifice anything for them. This was something they were actually helping each other with—backing each other down from leaping off a ledge just because someone asked for something.
Castiel grinned. “Maybe, but for right now…” He let the sentence hang as he unbuttoned his pants, popped the button on his boxers, and slid his hand inside the fabric. Dean watched with hungry eyes as he guided his cock through the slit of the material.
They were too busy rushing up the stairs where they proceeded to rip the sheets, break a bed leg, and knock over the oil lamp. Three times. Good thing Dean made a decent living adventuring. Those spiders with a stripper complex sure dropped a lot of loot.
While Kevin watched, Castiel's brain cranked away, planning their attack. The gate would be their best bet, with so much focus on the chapel. Once inside, they could double back and head straight for the nuptials. God help him if they were too late...
Dean blushed. “Yeah,” he confessed. “I remembered you saying you liked him best, and I wanted to show you that I could, you know, take a risk or whatever. Put myself out there.”
That had shut Sam up. He threw his hands in the air and walked away muttering how Dean was damn lucky Sam was happy for him and that he should be grateful and not a heathen, and a whole bunch of things Dean didn’t catch.
A slim digit nudged his entrance and Dean didn’t know whether to clench or throw his legs open wider, so he did neither. Barely breathing, Dean felt the first finger slide in slowly.
Dean pressed the button on the side of his phone to turn the screen on and slid it to Castiel. His grin faltered at Dean’s coldness and then turned downright fearful.
His brother broke his arm over the weekend. It had made Dean late when Sam had needed extra help in the mornings that he hadn’t been prepared for. He’d gotten sloppy because he was freaked out.
Abaddon shot him a murderous glare. “You stay here, you kill him your way, you understand me? I'll take Dean.”
“Well, well,” the man said, his voice a raspy sound, almost a hiss. “Isn’t this a surprise. It’s not often my prey come find me.”
So in a blur of confusion, hurt feelings, and panic, Thursday came. Getting into full makeup and costume on opening night was an exercise in frustration. The poor girl who had to apply some concealer to his face was going to stab him in the eye with the brush, and he wouldn’t even blame her. Whether it was intentional or accidentally caused by the squirming, it didn’t really matter when he couldn’t see out of one eye for the rest of the show.
Dean started giggling before they were even out the door. Once the adrenaline wore off, the absurdity of it all had hit, and he couldn’t help it, it was damn funny. He was laughing his ass off in the middle of the street while Castiel looked at him in amusement.
Dean’s eyes are glued to the tips of Castiel’s polished black business shoes. “Sir,” he finally manages to get out. “If I could explain, my brother-“
“Yeah but the guy doesn’t have his memories and is painting sigils and crap that he doesn’t even know. Maybe he knows something that he doesn’t know he knows,” Dean explained.
Castiel was strange, and his mysterious past was stranger. The fact that Dean felt somehow connected to it didn’t help any. But he also couldn’t help feeling connected to the man himself, like he was someone important and special to him, even though he’d only known him a day. He was a little dorky, but passionate and brave.  He took a punch like he was made of brick, and could turn around the next day and paint the most beautiful scenery. He was intriguing.
Dean blinked several times, trying to find the words to describe even a fraction of the thoughts in his head. “You’ve been in hiding for years.”
“Where’s the fun in that?” Charlie asked. She left, smirking. Sometimes Charlie was the little sister Dean had never wanted, and sometimes she was Lucifer incarnate.
Castiel groans loudly at that, his hand falling away from his zipper. Not one to miss an opportunity, or a sign, Dean grips his cock tightly at the base and sucks the tip into his mouth. He pauses, looking up to Cas through his eyelashes, catches him breathing irregularly, eyes blown wide and shocked.
Castiel’s smiled faded. “I didn’t want to burden you,” he said. “If we didn’t need the sword, if it wasn’t necessary… I hate that I had to tell you at all.”
Castiel frowned and put his hand on Dean’s back, patting and rubbing. “I suggest we get out of here,” Castiel said. “Once you catch your breath.”
The leaves were dry and crunchy underfoot, the very beginnings of Autumn upon their kingdom. It wouldn’t be long before snow began to fall. It was strange– the last time Dean had been on this journey, it had been mid-Autumn then too.
Sam propped him up on a tall statue. “I'll be back,” he promised, pressing a sword into his hand, which, to Castiel's immense relief, he was able to hold. Sam turned and took off after Kevin.
Castiel was obviously uncomfortable. His body language was stiff and his movements were stilted. He kept shooting glances at the empty theater, and if he was given too long to stare into the nothingness, he’d forget his lines.
. The ghost was barely keeping up with him. Only the supernatural could run as fast as, well, the supernatural.
“Besides,” Gabriel continued like he hadn’t spoken. “She was able to get to the beach. And because I’d tracked her, we were able to talk. She had to return fast, but she was able to tell me he’d be on this boat, and trust me, she wants her coat back.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, placing a hand on Dean’s arm. “I want to come with you, believe me. Being by your side is the first thing that’s truly made sense to me since I showed up on Earth without a memory. But I have to find out what’s happening with Heaven and what my role is, and you can’t come where I need to go.”
“I think it’s broken,” she said through gritted teeth. “Cas, if you’ve got any of that mojo you used on Dean’s knee way back when, I’d sure appreciated it.”
“Tell me,” Crowley said, stopping next to Castiel, venom in his voice, “what he sees in you. He has so much faith in you, in your ‘love.’ The smell of his horse farm is all over you, pirate. It's pathetic.”
Castiel wrapped the cloth around the stick and then waited. Dean waited with him. He was fairly certain they were listening for a
He turned his head to the side, letting Dean’s cock smear across his cheek, to give Dean the warning.
The man narrowed his eyes at him for a moment before throwing back his head and laughing heartily. “Oh yes,” he said. “I like you. I am Prince Crowley Ferguson.”
When he pulled off, he was greeted with the site of a totally fucked out, blue-eyed, dark-haired sex god.
They went to the same place they had the day before to grab some breakfast, and given that they had slept until noon, Dean was immensely grateful they were open until two pm. Food was shoveled in, coffee was slugged back, and they were back in the car within the hour.
He knew he was the perfect picture of debauchery, with his pants hanging open and his softening cock bobbing in the air, his arm thrown back behind the couch and his eyes glazed over, but he couldn’t bring himself to do anything else but lay there.
“We'll lose ourselves in here,” Dean stated under his breath, watching something huge and slimy slide under the muck. He repressed a shiver. He was a grown ass man that had spent his mourning period in the wilderness, living almost exclusively off the land. How bad could a fire swamp be?
“You sound pretty confident of that,” Dean said, fingers brushing over a carved axe handle. “Any guesses?” He turned to meet her suspicious glare. “I mean, we’re brand new to town, don’t want to go off into the wrong spots or anything.”
Dean nodded, then realized he should probably communicate better than that. “Yeah. You’re just bigger than a few fingers.” He was bigger than anyone Dean had ever been with, actually, and it was going to be mind-blowing. “‘S good.” He gave his hips an experimental wiggle and was relieved to find there wasn’t any pain. “C’mon, Cas, if you don’t move, you aren’t really fucking me, now, are you?”
As they walked back down the cave, which was decidedly shorter than Dean remembered from on their way in, Castiel listed off the hazards of the swamp and what they knew about them.
It was dark and he couldn't breathe and the sand worked into every hole he had with quick efficiency. He was going to have to be very fast if he was to save Dean. And himself.
Castiel broke the kiss, looking off to where the scream came from, back within the ship. “It came from the suites,” he stated before taking off at a jog for the source of the sound.
It was a shame Ava had such bad timing. Any other case, Dean would have slid her a card with his number.  She was beautiful, and had been entertaining and personable during her presentation of the liquors, chatting and flirting with ease. They’d learned she was in nursing school and had a basset hound puppy name Mowgli. Ava was exactly the kind of person Dean could see Sam settling down with one day.
Castiel tilted his head, looking at Dean like he was a particularly strange puzzle. “I have no idea what just happened.”
“Ah! Fuck! Castiel!” Dean calls out, his fingers curling over the edge of the desk. “I’m sorry, please, just-“ He’s cut off by another smack.
“No, no it’s not okay,” Castiel insisted. “Damn it, Omiel, this isn’t fair. I can’t, I don’t know, I, I…”
They left the artificially cooled air of the casino and stepped into the warm air of a Spring night in the Gulf. The breeze was light and refreshing, and the glow of the moon was once again kissing Castiel's skin. They bumped casually as they wandered down the deck to an empty corner, where Castiel stopped and turned to look at Dean, his gaze sharp. Dean almost blushed under its intensity.
“Okay…” Dean said, doing a little jog to catch up to Castiel’s retreating form. He apparently had no time to handle Dean’s frozen surprise. “Now answer the other part.”
The drive home gave him enough peace and quiet for his mind to start overthinking everything and by the time he walked in the door, he was convinced Dean was in love with him, that Dean would never speak to him again, that he would make the greatest Mark Cohen the world had ever seen, and that he was quitting the play tomorrow.
. Castiel popped the button and slid the zipper down so slow, he thought he might die. When Castiel finally reached in and touched his cock, it took all his willpower not to blow right there.
Castiel was more gentle this time than the previous, something Dean appreciated. He could have taken Dean hard again, and honestly, Dean would have enjoyed that too, but he was showing concern with his midnight booty call, and it made him feel good in ways that didn’t have to do with his dick.
They reached the next town, Sleet Root, much earlier in the day than they had the previous ones, but a few quick questions revealed their nemesis had already moved on.
Castiel nodded without meeting Dean’s eye before turning and heading sharply for the back. He was gone before Dean and Sam were.
“Where to Samsquatch?” Dean asked. “You think Cas was trying to tell us something when he mentioned Town Hall?”
Samuel stepped forward. “The forest is empty. I have 30 men at the gate, and the only key is around my neck.”
Castiel bit his lip, touching the mark gently. “It’s inert,” Castiel said. “But the mark is permanent.” He rubbed hard at the skin. “That bastard.”
Dean was yanked away. Not that he didn't try to deck a few guardsman and make a run for it. Eight was just too many for Dean to handle.
“There was very little humanity left in that man,” Castiel said as he examined. “I’m not surprised he died like a beast instead of a human.”
Dean tried to swallow but when Cas pulled out, he ended up sitting up, choking to clear his airways.
“I got you,” Dean whispered, pressing a kiss just below his belly button. He worked his finger over Castiel's thighs, pushing up until the cloth began to bend around a sizable erection.
“Stop by any time,” she assured him, eyeing him up and down in a way that made Dean distinctly uncomfortable.
Like the man, where everything seemed to be brown, everything about this woman was red. Her hair, her lips, her nails. Even her tunic was red. She looked like she wanted nothing more than to jam her hand down his throat and pull his guts out by way of his stomach.
“Sorry, Sam.” Cas put a hand to Dean’s chest and urged him back a step. “You’re correct, of course.”
Castiel’s hand threaded through the short hairs at the back of his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. It was slow and unhurried, but deep and probing, and Dean found himself grinding down into Cas’s body as they made out. Soon, he felt an answering erection begin to grind back into him.
. You’re almost all in choir with me, and I wouldn’t even have had to introduce myself if it wasn’t this young man over here.”
Metatron had not lied, Dean was easily the most handsome human being he'd ever seen. Even with his petulance, the people loved him, and it was time for him to die.
“You got the lead, didn’t you?” she said, turning the corner with a huge smile on her face. She took his stunned look as a confirmation. “Congrats. What are you going to do about the stage fright?”
Because now Castiel knew, without a doubt, that Dean did like him back, that he did want more than friendship. And there was no taking that knowledge back.
Not only was he naturally preoccupied, worried about Sam healing okay, but Sam couldn’t work while he was injured, and they’d barely been making the bills as it was. It was the truth, but it all sounded like excuses, even in his ears. To his strict and no-bullshit boss, it would sound pathetic.
Play continued, Dean casually keeping an eye on the game, and a not-so-casual eye on Castiel. His right hand continued to riffle chips, the action highlighting the length and delicate structure of his fingers. Fingers Dean hoped to become more acquainted with shortly.
“Dean!” Sam called, and that’s when Dean’s ears stopped ringing and he could hear the cheering. Sam collapsed in the dirt next to him. “Dean look, there’s a ring.”
“Is that what that blowjob was about?” Cas asked. Dean didn’t answer, continuing to pepper kisses along Cas’s jaw and neck. “Fuck, Dean. That’s so fucking hot. What else are you into? Spanking? Handcuffs?” Dean hummed, licking at the shell of Cas’s ear. “Blindfolds? Breathplay?” He took the lobe between his lips and sucked it. “Plugs? Would you wear a plug for me?”
“You look amazing in this.” Dean’s fingers danced to Castiel’s fly and began to undo it. “I want to leave it on you a bit longer.” He began to lower to his knees as he reached inside. “While I do this.”
Their lips met softly, gentle and testing.  That first kiss lasted no more than a second. They pulled apart by no more than a finger’s width, Castiel’s eyes wide and surprised, yet questioning at the same time. He must have liked the answer in Dean’s gaze, for as the sun fell behind the peaks, he surged into Dean.
Dean sat on the fly bar in the stage left area of The Victorian, watching as Bobby rigged a new stage light to a batten.
The path was only marginally easier going down than it was going up. It was still slippery, only, as their intent was to go with gravity, they had to fight just falling down the entire mountain slope. Dean picked his path carefully, following Sam's gigantic form, which was just behind Cas, leading the way again.
