All over the club, several others moan at the sight of his sub reaching orgasm, many of their own hands flying fast as they masturbate. Castiel feels a sudden surge of power, realizing he has control over practically a whole crowd of orgasms. Just like that, he needs to get off
“Hey, I’m talking, okay? Just not about that,” he tries to reassure Sam.
, Cas, is this really happening?”
The horse continues moving around the pen, kicking up dust that Dean squints at. “Whoa, Sugar,” Castiel calls out to the horse, dropping the stick he was holding and raising one hand. The horse slows, turning to face him, nostrils flared and eyes focused. “Ellie, you made a friend?” Castiel asks, partially over his shoulder keeping his eyes on the horse. Dean feels like he’s watching some kind of staring contest.
Castiel shakes his head. “What are his kinks? What’s his daily routine? What was his relationship like with his last sub? Is he sadistic? Soft? High-level or low-level? Will he punish you, and if so, how will he punish you? Will he praise you, take care of you? Give you the aftercare you need? How often does he expect to scene? Will you have to ask his permission for everything, or will he allow you some autonomy? Does he expect you to be monogamous during the duration of your contract? Will you use safewords?” Dean just stares back at him blankly, so Castiel snaps, “Did you discuss
Castiel seems to hesitate, staring at the ceiling a moment and avoiding his eyes. “Even if I did partake in dancing, it wouldn’t be ladies I would charm.” Castiel’s answer is calm and confident, and if Dean’s hands weren’t on his leg and could feel the tension, he would almost buy the nonchalant facade.
“Cas—”
Medic67 11:23 PM >>
Dean how he hoped training is going…there’s a distinction there that makes Castiel uncomfortable. Now that Dean knows he’s a dom, and knows that fact very well, Cas doesn’t want to come off as an overbearing, domineering dictator. Not after he’s spent six months calling Dean a little bitch, a slutty whore, a needy pet, and a whole range of other humiliating names that wouldn’t seem normal to anyone but them.
Dean sputters, choking on his words. He doesn’t know what to say. He didn’t read the contract that closely—he trusted when Chuck said that he could always go back to Purgatory. But if it's really a choice between Cain and a public training facility, he knows what he has to do. “I’ve been obedient.”
“Hello?” his alpha’s worried voice comes through the line and Dean nearly bursts into tears at the sound of it. He stifles a sob, choking it down and sucking in a steadying breath. “Dean, is that you?”
Dean stands stock-still, staring at his feet on the matted playroom floor. Castiel has removed his plug and cage, leaving him in just his collar. He wants to squirm, but he wants to be a good boy
Castiel shakes his head ruefully, focusing on the conversation at hand. “Victor will complete your onboarding session, but if you have any questions, please let me know.”
He sets down the phone, thinking Gatorade might not be a bad idea for himself. He uses his towel to wipe off the come from his body and hands, flopping back down in bed. He runs his hand idly up and down the rope as he checks his phone again, settling into the mattress.
The door to Dr. Knight's office opens and Castiel springs to his feet. Dean walks out, eyes down at the floor as he mumbles something to the doctor before walking over to Cas. He takes in the hunch of his shoulder and the pale look on his face and tries to offer Dean a smile.
“Stupid freckles,” Dean mumbles into the comforter.
choose.
I am back with another chapter! There are some content warnings for this chapter and I will put them in the end notes.
“I…” The sub licks his lips and Castiel tracks the movement naturally. “I missed you, Master.”
"Sam, did your brother just move into a duplex on the southside? Sorta beat up place on 8th Street?"
“No disrespect, but yes I have, Master. Just look at the shit I’ve gotten you into lately. That’s what I’m best at—screwing things up and making a mess out of everything.”
“You don’t know that,” Castiel mutters, voice shaking.
“Because…” Castiel swallows, thinking this might be the most nerve-racking thing he’s ever decided to do, but he has to try. It’s
“Since when is Lawrence High’s most popular student camera-shy?” Castiel jokes after Dean finishes pumping gas, waiving off Castiel’s insistence that he pay for the fuel. “Your face was on every other page of the yearbook.”
“Man, you got nailed,” Dean snorts, looking at a very pissed off Jo, who’s pulling her shirt away from her body.
TCBaby: Okay, but really guys, thank you so much for the love you’ve shown this story!
Dean feels the blunt pressure of a cock pushing at his hole. The tiny voice in the back of his head telling him that this is wrong, that only Castiel gets to be inside him, has almost disappeared. Cain fucks him slow, hands gripping his bruised hips as he rides Dean. Moans of pleasure reach him, and he feels whenever Cain nails his prostate, but his own cock hangs limp and uninterested. But that's okay, he thinks, this isn’t about him. This about his Dom and making his Dom happy.
“Give me a double shot vanilla bean latte with skim milk, and make it quick—I have a meeting in five.” Zachariah glares at him and Dean starts work on his order. “Ah, Castiel. Are you settling in okay?” Dean freezes in place, back turned to Zachariah. His heart races in his chest. How many people could possibly be called Castiel?
“So what brings you to my doorstep, Dean?”
He steps back so Castiel can inspect it. He crouches down, running a hand over every line and rivet, a smile creeping onto his face. “It’s beautiful,” he purrs, giving one of the leather straps a hard tug that makes Dean's cock twitch.
Hello Dean, is that your way of asking to see me tonight?
Dean woke early, mostly because his body was protesting at sleeping on the hard ground. He stretched and rolled his neck a few times, yawning and wishing to god he had coffee with him. He really was in hell having to go through the morning without the sweet nectar of life. He bundled on a few layers before grabbing his dad’s journal and flipping through the contacts.
“Yes, Master.” He is so fucking ready for this…he hopes.
“Hey, you're home. What’s with the coat?” Sam smiles at him and for the life of him he can’t wipe the grin off his own face.
“Yes I, I really wanna make this work…with us, I mean. I want us both to get what we need from this relationship, so I think we should talk about some limits I have.” He thinks Alfie and Hannah would fist pump for him being so direct and clear.
“Hey, get out of your head man.” Sam grips him a little harder until Dean focuses.
Dean feels frozen to the floor, feet made of lead and stomach twisting. He knew his dad would be home, and that he needed to talk to him…but faced with it, he’s filled with nothing but dread.
Anyway keep your eyes peeled for these fics one or both of them will be coming soon.
Medic67 10:18 PM <<
“I have that for you, you know,” Dean says after a few more fries. Castiel tilts his head to the side, lost in his own distracting thoughts.
grumpy, till you got your little phone bestie,” she grins. “Love looks good on you.” She laughs and jogs off toward dispatch, leaving him speechless in her path.
Panic floods Castiel’s insides, his palms sweating. “What the hell are you talking about, Crowley?”
“Oh, hardly,” Castiel protests, rolling his eyes and scoffing at their goodnatured mocking.
“You can text me the address to the cabin. And then, when I get there, you can head back to the manor with Jo and Gabriel. I’ll take care of him, I promise.”
“All set, boss?” another voice asks, and Dean finally blinks open his eyes to try and see. Michael is strolling back into the room, shaking his head.
“Merlot, huh?” Dean teases, eyebrows raised.
He makes this observation aloud, and the receptionist says in a low voice, “Oh yes, honey. Expect for this to feel more like a workout than a checkup.”
He showers and rubs some cream into his reddened skin, at least what he could reach. It’s times like these he wished his dom was there to put the cream on his back where he can’t reach.
He nods and smiles, giving Benny a half hug. He turns to wave a goodbye to the man when his eyes catch a downright terrifying sight. His dom is standing at the front desk, eyes blazing and shoulders stiff.
They don’t kiss each other as much as collide, Castiel still in his boxers but not caring as he launches himself into the sleeping bag. He feels Dean’s hands on him, pulling him close, as he tucks a hand under Dean’s neck and grips him tight. When their lips brush, it feels like all the air has been sucked out of the tent, the grounds, the whole state of California. Dean’s lips are cold and wet with rainwater and Castiel intends to warm them up properly, flicking his tongue against the seam of Dean’s lips and moaning when he’s given entrance.
“Sir, would you, uh…would you mind helping me?” he asks, feeling a bit foolish as he hands the collar up to Castiel.
“Fuck me,” Dean sighs, rubbing his hands over his face. He feels that rush of adrenaline from being torn in so many directions. From embarrassed to aroused to concerned and then to downright pissed off. How can one person make him feel all those things? He bounces from foot to foot a moment, shaking his arms as if he can shake out the endorphins. He heads back into his room and puts on an extra layer of the expensive-ass blocker spray before he heads to the kitchen to find the biggest mug of coffee possible.
, Sir.”
Castiel chuckles happily, and Dean soon follows suit. “I can. I’m surprised we didn’t break it days ago.” Dean hums in agreement, and Castiel adds, “We should buy this cabin from him. There are a lot of good memories here to preserve…” He shoves his hips forward and they both moan in unison, the knot still pulsing around the tight channel inside of Dean. “And relive.”
Dean scoffs. “That’s reassuring.” He clears his throat, his voice gentler when he says, “Look, Cas, I know we’re…whatever we are now. But you don’t have to hide parts of your business from me, just because I won’t approve. It’s literally my job to know what’s up. And I’m not judgy.”
to me—” Dean throws another pillow at Castiel’s head. “—we wouldn’t be in this fucking situation!”
Castiel’s smile is bright and warm like the sun as he moves his hands back to Dean’s hips and begins thrusting up into him. It’s not long before Dean is bouncing on his cock, nails digging into the alpha’s shoulders as he rides him hard, body trembling as the glorious angle hits him in just the right spot.
Bobby blinks, his elbows resting on his knees. “You know one?”
FlyBoy83 3:06 PM >>
He goes to yank the door open, but finds it locked. Through the tiny window he sees a receptionist's desk, and a man standing behind it, clicking away on a computer. He knocks, and knocks, and knocks—wondering if this man is ignoring him on purpose—before he sees the man heave a deep sigh and walk towards the door. He takes his time unlocking the door, and then, he barely cracks the door open.
Dean settles further down on the couch and turns up the volume as
Dean takes the hand giving it a squeeze. “Sorry, Cas. I didn’t mean to push things too much tonight. I think I’m more comfortable dealing with you as my dom than my friend sometimes.”
“Does he have to come with me?” Sam frowns at Dean.
"I would, but your cooking is far better than mine and I don't feel like getting beaten for not adding enough salt to his stew."
“Charlie? Can you do me a favor?”
Dean was right, so Castiel took him to bed, tucking him in and sneaking the toy under the covers for him. Dean flushed a bright pink when he noticed Castiel had brought his dildo, but didn’t say anything.
“Holy shit,” Dean gawks as Castiel runs to catch Cash who has trotted away and is now trying to reach the grass through the fence. Abby runs to her daughter and seems to be easing her to her feet, cradling her arm.
that it makes Castiel’s heart ache as he throws it into reverse, gravel spitting under the tires as he peels out of the driveway.
“That’s too bad—” Kali has barely gotten the words out before Castiel has grabbed Dean by the wrist, hauling him outside with a sudden fierceness that takes them both by surprise.
Lucifer shrugs. “Call it a strategic career move. Got a few palms I need to grease, and they’ll all be in your house, boozed up and askin’ for it.”
Dean gives him a smile then, a little forced and nervous, but it calms something inside of Castiel.
When he notices Dean’s muscles sinking against the bench, body limp and pliable, he knows his sub is ready. He drops the crop, grabs a bottle of his lube, and drops to his knees. He slicks up one finger before penetrating Dean’s hole, still slightly loose from earlier in the day. Dean’s breathing becomes erratic again, as if his brain has logged back on momentarily. Castiel looks at the tight, pink hole, feeling his cock throb with need. “Fuck, you’re gorgeous,” he mutters, even though Dean can’t hear him. He licks his tongue against Dean’s hole, wet and willing, his five o’clock shadow scratching against Dean’s red cheeks. Dean moans desperately against his ball gag, saying something that sounds vaguely like, “Sir, Sir, Sir…!”
Castiel bites his lip, tucking his head down to the side as he thinks. It should be him to present all this information to the police—he’s the second-in-command here at Purgatory, and it’ll bear more significance coming from him—but he has no doubt the police will question him extensively and burn up the rest of his day. Or worse, what if they think he’s a part of the scam and try to detain him?
His eyes whip around to meet the all but glowing blue of Castiel’s. If he wasn’t sure about the rut before, he is now—seeing the bright color to his eyes confirms it’s coming. A reasonable omega would exit stage left or keep their mouth shut, but no one could ever accuse Dean of taking the easy road.
“How is Sam holding up?” Castiel twirled his straw in his milkshake.
“Been better, but getting by,” Castiel answers cheekily, making Dean chuckle.
“No, no, no. We don’t force anything. We will allow you to meet the potential Dominants and you can pick who you feel most comfortable with. If none of them are a match, we just keep running the numbers in the database till you find someone just right for you.” Chuck looks genuinely concerned and gives him a confident smile. Dean wonders if he looks as anxious as he feels.
“You ought to save your voice, pet. You’ll be moaning quite a lot this evening.”
“That’s true,” Castiel concedes sheepishly. “I meant that more for my other brother, the one who lives locally… But I suppose there’s no harm in being thorough. Thank you, Gadreel.”
? Guess you’re not so special after all, Cassie, ‘cause he went ass-up the minute it suited him. Too bad his baby brother was so tempting—I’d love to show your boy what a
“Stay here, alright? Finish your chapter. I’ll meet you upstairs, okay?” He leans in to plant a soft kiss on his alpha’s parted lips, hushing his protests.
“Well, might be time to firm up that plan, sweetheart… ’Cause bringing pie home instantly equals good times for you.”
“Hello, Miss MacLeod, welcome.” Dean stifles a cough. “Have a seat.”
“Been like that since day one,” Ellen adds, grinning now. “Remember? It was all ‘let’s make sure
A deep predatory growl gets Castiel’s attention and he looks to see Crawdad on all fours, teeth bared and eyes on Princess. Princess’s eyes go wide—with a touch of fear and lust—as her shoulders sink down low, and she presents her ass in a perfect display of submission.
Castiel sat at his kitchen counter, stirring a bowl of soup to help it cool and listening to the storm howling outside. He had checked the news - the storm was worse than they had been anticipating. He had a large generator installed just a year ago and he had refueled it before the storm, so he wasn't too concerned.
In the end, though, his curiosity wins out. He scrambles to read his missed messages:
Castiel’s body is pumped full of adrenaline as he runs back toward the house.
“They feel as good as they look,” his master confirms. “Arms up, pet.” Dean complies and feels his shirts pulled up and off, exposing his hard nipples and pebbled skin. He twitches a little with the urge to cover up, but the hand on his back soothes him. That is…until those hands move around to his front and start undoing his fly.
Medic67 12:16 PM <<
Dean blushes in embarrassment, feeling like a little kid. “I don’t sleep very well in general—that's just kinda normal for me. I sleep the best when I share a room with my brother. And well…I mean, last night I slept like a freaking rock.” He sighs, wanting to hide his face at the confession.
Medic67 12:52 PM <<
“Oh, I got him one a few months back—a leather planner, one you can add sheets to each year. The dork has so much extra-curricular stuff and sports and AP classes, and he sucks at keeping track of it all. I normally put it all on a calendar in the kitchen, but I thought this would be a better idea.”
The man didn't seem to notice though, as he climbed the steps to the opposite side. "He should be here soon. I can put these down and wait with you, though? Or you're welcome to come in and warm up a bit."
Dean’s really not used to someone being so nice to him, especially not an alpha like Cas. “You’re too nice, you know that?” He almost laughs, turning a smile up at the man he simply can’t help.
Sam turns his classic bitch face on him before moving to put things away. “Pie is not on-diet, man.”
Dean grabbed his coat, following Castiel out of the shed and locking up.
“Dean, I apologize. I didn’t even think about the impact his scent might have on your comfort level,” he admits, hoping he looks as apologetic as he feels. “When you and Missouri setup my appointments, let’s add in a clause requesting scent blockers for all attendees. I can’t guarantee you that they’ll wear them, but I can certainly try to enforce it on your behalf.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel feels tears come to his eyes and takes a few breaths before responding. “You really mean it? Are you sure you will be okay? You and Claire are still so important to me, you know that, right?”
“I’m…” Castiel swallows, looking away. Even before learning the truth about the contract, Dean was present in his every thought. His touch soothed Castiel, his laugh made Castiel laugh, his kiss made Castiel feel lightheaded. Castiel knows that he’s falling for Dean—the intelligent, beautiful, and completely off-limits omega of his dreams. “I’m fine.”
“Really?” Dean’s eyes turn from confusion to excitement, eyes shining with another emotion Castiel can’t quite name. He smiles, relief and anticipation evident on his face. “
Dean chooses to ignore the comment on Cas and the fact that Sam didn’t mention their dad as an example of a so-called nice Dom.
The sun is bright and shining outside, which seems out of place considering the circumstances. Sam is waiting impatiently by the Impala—everyone had agreed that the teenager didn’t need to see whatever was happening behind those closed doors—but when he sees Dean passed out in Castiel’s arms, Sam’s face pales.
Castiel opens his eyes with a start, tangled in the sheets and sweaty. His heart is racing, his eyesight blurry. He hears someone calling his name, but he’s breathing too hard to listen, his heartbeat pounding in his ears.
Dean complied. It was just so easy to not have to make the choice of what came next. Castiel shows him a short piece of black rope before he brings it behind Dean and begins pulling the ends through the rings on his cuffs. He makes quick work of tying them and he gives an experimental pull.
Dean tucks a hand under his chin. “You thought I didn’t know?” He shakes his head from side to side. “Cas, I sleep next to you every night. We’re crazy in tune with each other, always have been. I know when you’re having bad dreams.”
Dean watches him eat, looking for any signs that Sam was lying to him about being okay after the Lucifer incident. Judging by the happy smile on his face, though, he figures Sam told him everything.
The next hour passes by in what’s become his “new” normal: a forced-breakfast via Gabriel and Ellen; a quick scan of his email inbox for anything pressing; a small, solemn frown overwhelming his face as he stares at Dean’s empty desk. When he feels a creeping depression return to his insides, he shoots off a quick text to Dean. They’ve been chatting almost every day, and Dean’s walls have been lowering slowly but surely. When no response comes through, though, Castiel knows he needs to do something else to keep his mind busy.
“You know, our baked goods are delivered from a local bakery,” Castiel says casually, spearing a bite of the pie onto the fork, swirling it in the air. “The crust is flakey and buttery. I don’t think I’ve ever tasted anything quite as good in a long time.” Fork still posed in his hand, he says in a low voice, “Good boys answer questions, and get rewarded.”
“Man, I missed your cornbread,” Dean mumbles through a mouthful of the buttery bread.
Castiel thinks for a moment, knowing they need a safe but public space to talk all this out. Finally, he says, “Call Pam and set up the appointment at the B&B. I’ll be there.”
“Yes, sir."
“I should’ve killed him when I had the chance,” Castiel growls.
“Perhaps.” Castiel chuckles quietly, the weight on his shoulders feeling less heavy with every passing moment. “What am I supposed to do now?”
“Yeah, that lamp’s got me squinting,” Dean mumbles, closing his eyes.
Castiel pulls back and grasps Dean’s face within both his large hands, meeting Dean’s eyes. There's a fire behind them, and while it should be terrifying, all he feels is safe for the first time all night.
“Alpha,” he whispers, rocking his hips back till he feels Castiel’s erection slide between his cheeks. “Mmmm, fuck,” he huffs out in low voice, beginning to arch his back and tip his head to the pillow, giving Cas more access. “Please Cas, need you, so empty please,” he begs, because somehow he’s still so fucking horny.
“Get off, you motherfuckers!” Dean struggles to free his hands, but the knots are tight and there's a heavy boot pressing into his now bare back, holding him down.
They talk for a few more minutes before separating to go get changed. Castiel feels a sliver of anxiety leaving Purgatory without Dean, even for a few hours, but he knows Dean is capable of taking care of himself. Plus, he’s warmed up to some of the other Doms in the facility lately, especially since Benny joined them during puppy play. If there are any issues with Dean while he’s gone, he knows some of the other Doms are willing to intercede.
Dean towered over the small man, and that gave him just a tiny bit of confidence, since he had felt about one inch tall since he scented the Alpha. Chuck showed him around the duplex and it wasn't in any better condition than the front of the building. The hardwood floor was warped, probably from water damage based on the stains on the ceiling. He noted the peeling wallpaper and wet musky smell of the place. It was small and narrow, a kitchen and living space downstairs and one bedroom and bath upstairs. He was glad to see there was a working washer-dryer in the basement so he wouldn't have to go out to do laundry.
He decides to talk it over with Sam first, because in a years time he will be off to college and what if he picks a school out of state? He doesn’t know if he can just let him go off on his own like that. And how stupid does that make him, that he doesn’t want his brother to go off to college like a normal kid is supposed to do? No one brings along their parents to college, and certainly not their big over-protective brothers. Sometimes he just wishes he could hit the fast forward and not have to wait and see what the future holds for him.
“The delivery,” Castiel answers vaguely, and Dean
“Come on good boy, stand up for me, let's get you properly strapped in.”
His sub moans outrageously, his erection held snugly in the cock cage, and Castiel grins wickedly. Yes, this might’ve been an intense experiment for his pet, but he’ll make sure the outcome is more than worth it. It takes a moment to situate him properly on the table, leaned upright to begin. “Can you hold onto the straps yourself, or would you like to be tied in?”
“Sorry Dean I…I shouldn’t have done that when someone could walk in,” Cas says on a shaky breath.
“Yeah yeah. Maybe you can fool your boy, but we’ve known you for years, honey,” Missouri says matter-of-factly. “You went from loner to lovesick in a few weeks’ time.”
“I have recent test results to show you I am clean…so I can feel your wet tongue on my bare cock, if you consent?” Castiel holds out the paper he pulled from a back pocket.
“Eat,” Castiel says, popping another piece of bacon into his mouth, and Dean thinks he is pretty damn lucky to have such a badass man.
“This is horse shit, Dean!”
morning already.” Bobby chuckles. “Warn an old man if he should put his ear plugs in.” Bobby grins and smacks Dean’s arm. Dean rolls his eyes, feeling some tension leave him.
“Well, then, stay indefinitely. There’s no rush.” He gives Sam an encouraging smile, but Sam only nods warily. Interesting, Castiel thinks—he’s been friendly with all the other alphas and betas here. Perhaps he’s suspicious of me for buying his brother’s contract?
“Hey, is everything okay with you?” Dean can’t help but ask, taking a step closer and not missing how Cas takes a step back. “I thought we were, ya know, trying this out with us?” he whispers the last part, terrified that Cas might reject him…again.
Dean’s facade seems to crumble a bit, and he nods. “For what it’s worth, knowing you feel like shit because of me… It kills me, Cas.”
“Uh, yeah. I gotta admit…I wasn’t expecting that,” he answers honestly, and Castiel chuckles.
Medic67 7:36 PM <<
The door creaks open as Dean is putting the casserole on the counter to cool. He already laid out a plate for Cain, and set one aside for himself. He wasn’t allowed up at the table but Cain wasn’t into hand-feeding, so he usually ate on the floor with a towel in his lap. Maybe that was a point to bring up.
CB & TCBY
“That your date likes being spanked before, during, and after sex?”
“I need access to your guest list for next weekend.”
“I should go now,” Castiel announces, looking at Gabriel and Becky. Pam nods her approval beside him.
“Alright good boy, I want you to lean back into the ropes and let your legs relax. Tell me if anything is pinching or hurts.” Castiel begins to cinch his hips up as he takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. His hips and shoulders are now level with his toes dangling on the floor. Calloused hands skim over him, checking his legs and arms.
Arms crossed against his chest, staring between Cas and his family, Dean looks thoroughly and adorably embarrassed. Somehow, his nerves make Castiel feel more in-control. There’s something about Dean’s presence that makes him want to be the best version of himself, to become everything he needs.
He’s been here two days and he already fucked it up royally. He may not be able to focus well right now, but he’s pretty sure he’s either getting terribly punished or kicked out completely. He isn’t sure which sounds worse to him. He doesn’t think he can handle one of the state-run facilities. He’s never forgotten the horror stories he’s heard about those places…the abuse.
“Castiel.”
“Here, hun, just down to your underwear. And put on this johnny for me.” The nurse hands him a hospital gown and sends him into the standard examining room. He feels his skin itch at the idea of stripping down, but he can suck it up. Plus, they never allow alphas into the omega clinic. Once changed, he shakily lifts himself onto the paper covered examine table, staring down at his knees.
Hello Readers,
His bedroom feels too big and too empty without his omega, but he manages to strip his wrinkled layers, take a hot shower, and get a half-hour nap. His nightmares are vivid, though, full of fear and loathing and pain. He wakes up believing something is wrong with Dean—he can feel a burning in the back of his throat, bile rising to his mouth. He tries to call the police station for an update, asking about the private cell again, but the man on the other end explains that Dean is in the interrogation room. Castiel threatens again to go and see Dean in person—but after spending hours there the night before, he knows demanding to see Dean will only put Cas in danger of being held in a cell himself. More importantly, his presence will only cause Officer Walker to mistreat Dean more.
“Dean, all I see and all I smell when I look at you is the man I love. I want you just as much now as I always have.”
“Dean, you have two minutes to drop your pants and climb into my lap.” Castiel touches his slacks, fighting a shiver of arousal. “It’s not a request.”
FlyBoy83 8:12 PM >>
“Sam! It’s me—Castiel!” Cas shouts, watching Joshua recover his grip on the shovel and bring the flat blade against Azazel’s stomach. “Stay inside until I tell you. I’m not going to let anything happen to you!”
“Do you really have time to take on his training? It will be a full time job,” Victor says skeptically.
“Just hamburgers,” Castiel clarifies, then adds, “And lots of toppings. Dean will want a bacon cheeseburger.”
“Bees?” Castiel repeats blankly.
“You’ve got a mouthy one here, Sir,” Pamela comments with a grin, sitting behind her desk. “I like his spunk. Reminds me of myself when I sub.” There’s a mischievous twinkle in her eyes that sends Castiel hurtling into the past. He’s dominated Pamela on a handful of occasions, when either of their needs arose, and it’s always been a pleasant experience.
Hello!
FlyBoy83 10:03 AM >>
“That’s right…”
“It was nice to meet you, Bobby.” Castiel waves and so does Dean as they head for the truck. Dean hops in and plasters on his best fake everything-is-fine smile. Castiel glances at him and sighs knowingly before turning out of the salvage yard.
(Dean is stuck in the Tom Bombadil chapter, which even Castiel admits is slow because of the folk songs. But he promises the plot resumes with the chapter “At the Sign of the Prancing Pony '' and Dean reluctantly agrees to push through.)
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel exhales, watching Dean’s face intently. There are so many things left unsaid between them, so many questions, but Castiel can’t bring himself to dive headfirst into all that just yet. Not on a day that’s meant to be about family. So he says, “I’m sure it’ll shock you to know I’ve never gone fishing.”
“Good, I am looking forward to taking care of my good boy. Why don’t you go inside and take a nice long, hot shower. Then I want you on the table waiting for inspection.” Castiel’s lips brush over the soft skin behind his ear and Dean chuckles a little nervously, feeling his cock suddenly taking an interest.
Dean reaches between them, grasping Castiel’s bandaged hand gently. “How short?”
On the drive home, Dean had very pointedly not told Sam the truth about his secondary gender being the primary factor in the alphas targeting Dean. Castiel was too distracted by his injuries to add much to the explanation, and though he figures it’s not his place, he wonders if Dean is trying too hard to shelter Sam. He’s not a little kid anymore—he’s sixteen and due to present any day now. Regardless of his gender designation, he needs to be fully prepared to live and function in their flawed society.
“Hey, Cas look at me.” Dean leans forward, making sure to lock eyes with his alpha. “I’ll say it again, but you didn’t fuck up, man. You stopped, okay? When I asked—right away. I’m really the one who should be sorry. I shouldn’t have reacted like that.”
He tries to imagine Castiel here, holding him, shushing him, sinking into him and filling him up. He wants, he wants like he’s never wanted anything in his life. He needs Castiel, not just for his body and his heat, he needs him for the love in his eyes. He needs his mate, his best friend. He misses the soft look in his alpha’s eyes when Dean tells him some boring story, or the confused tilt of his head when a pop culture reference goes right past him. He misses the way he teases Dean and pushes Dean outside his comfort zone. He misses his voice and his wild hair and his delicious tongue and scorching blue eyes, and just wants to see him one more time so badly.
“Ready to be my good boy again?” Castiel murmurs into his ear, letting his lips linger there, his breath caressing Dean’s skin.
“You love my kinky mind,” Castiel huffs in his ear.
“You’re kidding.”
Oh, and hey…have we told y'all lately that we love you? 'Cause we really, really do.
Castiel chuckles at himself self-deprecatingly and shakes his head. He never expected to get into a street fight with five alphas over a decade younger than him, and can only imagine how swollen and bloody his face must look. “No, I’m fine. Let’s just go home.”
“Oh Jesus Christ, Sammy, enough.”
? I mean, it just usually happens that way. You know people see me and expect me to be a certain way, you know?”
Castiel eyes him carefully. “Excuse me?” Dean feels his heart rate pick up as Castiel stalks closer to him, till they’re inches apart. “It sounded like you forgot who you’re talking to, sub.”
, come painting his baby bump. His release is sticky and warm, his hole constricting tightly as Dean orgasms, and Castiel’s knot begins to form. His heart is racing as his mouth seeks out Dean’s neck, sucking a hickey in lieu of a bite—Castiel won’t allow himself to bite Dean while he’s pregnant, much to his mate’s disappointment—and continues to thrust
She laughs over the line. “Of course not. First of all, you’re one of our most recommended play partners. You’re polite, courteous, and always pay on time. And after all this time, you and I are friends, aren’t we?”
“Yeah, I wasn’t sure what to do about that.” Sam shrugs, flopping back down on the bed with Dean settling beside him.
“I like some bondage sometimes. And, uh, I don’t mind a little pain.” He thinks it’s a pretty vague answer, but Castiel just smiles and nods his head, so he continues. “I don’t like blood play, or uh…you know, the messy stuff.”
“If I had god powers, y’think I’d let my tent get flooded?” he gripes, crossing his arms against his chest. Castiel finishes enclosing them in, then sighs, reaching for the lantern again and setting it closer to Dean. His clothes are truly drenched, the cotton soaked through in a way that makes Dean’s nipples appear perky and tempting through his shirt. Castiel swallows a dry lump in his throat and attempts to look away.
Dean moans around the ball gag, his movements desperate as he attempts to jack Castiel off. But the restraints limit him, and when he seems to grow in frustration and desire, Castiel bats his hand away. He lowers down until they’re face to face, sharing the same breath, and he closes the space between them, kissing every inch of Dean’s face except his lips. The sub breathes through it, open and dazed as Castiel reassures him through touch. Then he stands and continues with the riding crop, loving the shade of deep red blooming across Dean’s ass.
The strangest thing to it all is that—for the first time in his life as a sub—he wants his own Dom. He never wanted his own Dom before. It's the main reason he stuck with weekend hookups and never got attached. He only scened the minimum amount so he wouldn’t go off the rails, and learned the hard way that it wasn’t enough.
“You sure you guys have to leave?” Sam asks an hour later, after Castiel has packed up his suitcase and Dean is fully dressed and standing by the door. He has a small knapsack over his shoulder, filled with a few days’ worth of clothes. They’ve already called Becky to let her know they’ll be back at Purgatory in a few hours—and then, going to the police. She had sounded shaky on the phone, unsure and timid, and Castiel feels guilty that she’s gone so long without a proper Dom. When all this is over, he plans to use Charlie’s database to match her up with someone she’s actually compatible with.
Castiel 12:07 PM >>
Castiel plants his elbows on the kitchen counter. The curtains around the large bay window are thrown up, the blinds raised. From here, he can see everyone on the patio together, talking and laughing and drinking.
“Better,” Castiel says stiffly, tugging at the edge of his shirt. It had been a little nippy this evening so he’s wearing long sleeves, but he’s regetting that now, already working up a nice sheen of sweat. “Should’ve made you wear a collar, so you’ll remember that tonight you’re my little bitch.”
Dean blinks open his eyes to see that Cas has dimmed the lights. “Green sir.”
“Charlie doesn’t want to talk about the game,” Sam says, voice sounding light and buoyant. After a beat, he finally adds with a hopeful smile, “She wants to talk about you and Dean.”
“Okay, we leave at ten. Night, Sammy.”
“Yeah, he won’t care,” Sam says, almost bitterly. That almost guarantees that John has no idea where Sam is, and maybe Sam is right and he truly doesn’t care. Castiel’s chest aches at the thought.
“Cassie—” Luc begins, but Castiel cuts him off.
“You’re no use to him tomorrow if you’re dead on your feet,” Bobby says evenly, but he doesn’t press the issue, just shows Castiel where the shower is and then sends Sam back to bed. Castiel makes his phone call and then drinks a glass of water, trying to clear out the lump forming in his throat. He does end up showering, if only to stop the shivering, and falls asleep on the musty couch somewhere around two a.m. There’s a mantra in his head now, as if he’s speaking to Dean, and he wakes up with the words on the tip of his tongue.
“What's wrong, Cas?” he asks, feeling his own scent start to shift and change.
“Until you met Dean?” Pam presses, and Castiel closes his mouth, not trusting himself to speak. Eventually, he nods. “Then you have to tell him, Cas. And soon.”
Castiel hits him harder. Dean curses, swears loudly under his breath. He struggles in Castiel’s lap, and whether he’s trying to escape or rub his erection against Castiel’s thigh isn’t quite clear. Castiel manages to hold him with one hand, using the other to unknot his tie and free it from his collar. He hasn’t had to use a prop like this in ages—anytime he’s dominated a sub, he’s been in a fully equipped playroom, with rope and other tools at his disposal. The amount of improvising he’s doing for this man sends another burst of lust straight to his groin, and he moans quietly, feeling amped up and powerful. He forces Dean’s hands behind his back and ties them roughly with his silk tie, the sub breathing heavy against his lap.
“I’ve never been with an omega,” Castiel admits, his voice low and husky. He brings his thumb to drag over Dean’s bottom lip, breath hitching when Dean’s tongue wets his lips, brushing the pad of Castiel’s finger.
“He was spirited, a people pleaser. It was impossible not to like Jimmy. He lived a wholehearted life, wasn’t afraid of anything.” Joshua smiles, as if remembering. “His loss was very hard on all of us.”
Castiel gave a petulant whine at that and stuck out his bottom lip. "Fine, if you must leave me," Castiel continued to flash his big baby blues at him. Such a soft child-like expression on the big Alpha made him laugh.
“Right there, oh…” Dean hands tighten on Castiel’s neck, nearly painful, but it just makes the pleasure cascade even more intensely. “Nnnnnggggh, f-fuck, I’m gonna—”
“You still seem pleased, my pet,” he comments, undoing the straps and helping him out of the stirrups, stepping down off the table. “Go to the bed so I can relax you further.”
He pulls the knife back, pleased to see he’s drawn blood. “Do you understand me?”
Dean slid on the old, worn AC/DC tee shirt and pulled up the boxers. Both were a bit large on his thin frame and he looked at the fabric, pulling at it. Castiel wondered when the last time he wore clothing was.
“Fuck off, Luc. Not in your dreams.” Dean scowls at the alpha, feeling the hair prickle on the back of his neck as he struggles to focus with this new piece of information.
He sits on the couch and begins scanning movie times on his phone, sending off a text to Benny to see if he’s working and what's good to see. Benny says he has the day shift and that there’s a new Stephen King movie out. Dean loves a good slasher-horror flick, but Sam prefers a little more plot, so this is a perfect compromise for them.
Dean sighs, moving back into his chair and taking a deep breath to try and gain some control again. “Okay, I’ll listen.”
“He a vocal bitch for you, then?”
“Just call Dean, okay?” Missouri suggests.
“I’ll try and remember that, Master.” Dean grins as Castiel leads them down to the garage. He hasn’t been here yet—it seems to be the employee and visitor parking.
Dean’s jaw hangs slack in shock. “You can’t—you wouldn’t!”
Castiel can practically see his brother smirk, and he shakes his head ruefully. “You never change, do you?”
Dean’s stomach revolts, and it takes everything he has not to vomit. He hears a small whimper from the shut door and fears that Sam might try and come out to help. He prays his brother is smart enough to stay safe and stay where he is.
He’s about to stand and approach him when Gabriel returns, club soda in-hand. “So, got any stokes in the fire yet, Cassie?”
Love CB
“Isn’t that too....simple?” Maybe this is hopeless and pointless and stupid. He’s been sick to his stomach for days since seeing Castiel. It was a miracle he made it through his training. He’d been so worried, stressing out about what Castiel was thinking or wanted, that he can hardly breath when he thinks about it.
Dean just grins. “Huh, I wasn’t sure you noticed…”
“Where is he?” He steps a bit closer, showing this asshole he doesn’t back down. His father may have let him down a time or two, but he didn’t raise a coward.
“Love you too, Dean, more than you know.” Castiel kisses his cheek, soft and chaste. Dean truly means it—he loves this man with everything he has. He wants to keep Castiel all to himself, but he feels a pang in his chest at the voice in the back of his head…
“You look a bit tired, Castiel. Not working too late, I hope?” Chuck asks, with his brow furrowed. Dean tries to see the resemblance between the two men, but other than the striking blue eyes, Dean thinks Castiel must look more like his mother.
He paces the small room, feeling the bile trying to rise up in his throat. He’s exhausted and wired and more confused than he can ever remember being. This just can’t be right, it has to be a mistake, a trick of the eyes. There is no way the hot sexy man that dominates him, bending him to his every will, is the same man who researches honey bee migrations and burns just about everything he tries to bake. It just doesn’t add up.
“I do freelance work for the university, translating texts mostly, which I can do from anywhere. I have an at will lease on a cheap apartment—there isn’t anything holding me there, Dean.”
Drop reactions down below!
“Whaddya mean, you don’t like James Bond? You watched four of them today!” Dean’s voice is light and playful, and he’s nudging Castiel in the side. “‘Sides, only twenty-two more movies to go…”
“Thank you, Daddy. Can we have a talk before we eat dinner?” He holds his chest out proudly, which is a bit hard to do from his kneeling position.
Castiel grins.
But Castiel would recognize him anywhere.
“Can I, uh…hit the head?”
How can he ignore that just because he fell in love?
“Barbecue at my place in an hour,” Ellie nods like that's final and throws Sam a wink before heading into the barn.
Dean narrowed his eyes now but answered all the same, “Smooth.”
“What’s really going on here, love?” Castiel puts a hand on Dean’s cheek, stroking his freckles, and Dean’s expression begins to soften.
“I suppose it's lucrative, yes, though the money isn’t my motivator or my father’s. We just want to try and help people lead fulfilling lives.”
Dean sighs, stuffing more bacon in his mouth. He can’t completely avoid him. He needs time to think and work through all this, but he can’t just ghost Cas. He types out a quick reply.
“Bingo.” Gabriel tips the sucker in Castiel’s direction. “He wouldn’t let me within a ten-foot pole of you otherwise. Probably ‘cause he knows you’re making the biggest mistake of your life, but who cares as long as you’re his perfect little right-hand man, right?”
Medic67 12:08 AM <<
Enjoy!
Bobby just nods and flashes him a sympathetic look that Dean hates. “Why don’t you take Sam out back and do some shooting practice?” Bobby stands and slams down two pistols, then tosses the magazines at him, which he just barely catches.
“Such a sweet boy. Truly delectable…” Castiel drags his thumb on the man’s lower lip, enjoying the wetness, struggling not to lean over and reclaim his mouth with his own. “Pet, I’m going to fill that bowl. I’m going to fill it with my come, and then I’m going to cover every inch of your body with it. And the next time you get drinks with another dom, or think about letting another dom touch you, you’ll remember how I’ve already marked every square inch of your body. You are
“Well, he does live there.” Dean avoids the question.
“I do feel that way about you. I’m falling in love with you, Dean Winchester, fast and hard and so completely.”
FlyBoy83 4:23 PM <<
“Mom? What are you doing here?” Amy, in a shaky voice, calls from the living room.
the rest of the drive is going to feel very long. The tension between them mounts, and Castiel can’t decide if he wants to lean into it or steer the conversation to safer ground. The decision is made for him when Dean switches over the cassette, hand brushing Castiel’s knee absently, though Cas decides it’s too intentional to be an accident. He begins imagining all sorts of enticing images, then—Dean’s hand gripping his knee, his thigh, Castiel’s lips trailing the slope of Dean’s neck, his hand slipping into the waistband of Dean’s unbuttoned jeans. He’s never given road-head before, but he was on the receiving end once, and he imagines the experience would be even more satisfying with someone he cares about…someone he’s wanted for so long. He feels his cock stir beneath his zipper and clears his throat, placing his hands over his lap, hoping Dean doesn’t notice how affected he’s become.
in a way that sets Cas’ soul on fire.
Medic67 10:09 PM <<
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says with a wave of his hand. Castiel glares at him dangerously, and Dean looks sheepish, elbowing him lightly in the ribs. “Aw, c’mon, Cas. Just lightening the mood. Besides, I already got the riot act from my dad, and Bobby, and Sammy—”
“You want me to take a look at it for you tomorrow? I don’t need to be into work till nine,” Dean offers as he shuffles the bills back into a pile.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean smiles at him, eyes watery and wide. “So, I’ve had two days to think about what I wanna say to you. Two of the longest days of my damn life, by the way. And just to put all my cards on the table…”
“Yeah, I’ve been meaning to ask you…” Dean shifts from foot to foot, staring down at his boots. “If you’re serious about Sam living here, let me know how much it’ll cost—room and board, food, gas, all that.”
“They may have mentioned it…” Dean could never live like that. Constantly beat and under someone’s thumb? No way. “It’s just not for me.” He gives Castiel a firm look—they can say what they want, but when he gets out of here there is no way he is going to become someone's twenty-four-seven slave.
him. What would that mean for them? Would Castiel still want him?
any other way.
“So you must be this Castiel I have heard so much about.” She smiles up at him.
“Uh, hey Cas,” Dean replies, apparently unable to avoid seeing them. The ache in his chest returns immediately.
Only a few chapters left!
Castiel’s own breath turns shallow, knowing if he doesn’t touch his dick soon he’s going to implode. He adds a third finger, simply for the stretch and prep, and then he’s unzipping his jeans finally, slipping his hard cock through the flap in his boxers. He adds another generous dollop of lube to his hand, smearing it over his leaking erection. With the other hand, he sifts around the bag until he finds what he’s looking for.
Castiel nods. “I had officially severed ties with Roman. I felt antsy at the thought of losing cell service, but figured I was just being an overprotective alpha, so I went ahead and did my next errand while I was downtown.” He tilts his head down, toward the ring box. “This.”
“He seemed upset, but never told us why,” Castiel supplies, and Dean nods with a large grin.
and then Castiel’s mouth is full as he swallows and swallows and swallows.
Dean’s face softens for a moment, before a flash of resolution crosses his face. It’s as if he’s trying to stay angry, Castiel thinks.
There is a lot of info in this chapter, and some hurt/comfort. (also unimportant side note, we meet Michael this chapter and too me I imagine him looking like Patrick Dempsey)
Medic67 10:59 AM <<
Come flail with us in the comments!
“The next thing we need to discuss is a change to your training. I feel I have gotten to know you for the past few weeks and you have made some wonderful strides in that short amount of time.” Castiel’s smile is more warm and genuine now, and his eyes crinkle just a little at the corners. “However, your numbers still aren’t in healthy ranges and you’ve only achieved deep subspace a few times.”
“I wanted to say—”
Instead, he clears his throat. He appreciates the quality time they’re spending, but constantly being alone with Dean and not feeling some kind of release is making him feel flustered. “Would you like to move to the recliner?”
“So, someone
Medic67 1:23 PM <<
FlyBoy83 12:21 AM  >>
“Yeah, well you keep calling me angel. It felt like a solid threat,” Castiel shrugged and Dean laughed again.
“You deserve to die,” he says brazenly, “and you deserve to die by my hand.”
Ellen and Jo exchange matching smirks, and Castiel’s eyebrows knit together in confusion. He’s about to probe for more info when the back door swings open again, Dean himself coming in through the threshold.
(See the end of the chapter for
“H-how…how will I know when you’ve come, if I can’t see you, Sir?” Dean asks, breath shaky as Castiel’s cock throbs against his hand.
Castiel gives Dean one of his knowing grins. “I think your brother knows you pretty well, and he had faith that someday you were gonna want that car back. Your brother doesn’t always seem to hit things on the mark but I think he made a good call on this one.”
Castiel nods his approval, but crosses his arms against his chest, thinking hard. “Pull up his file.”
“Yeah, but…” Dean settles into the leather bench, still seeming tense. “What if I don’t like something anymore, and it’s something that you need?”
“Yeah, okay.” Dean feels his heart rate picking up—they must be really close to starting soon and he's dying to feel those hands on him.
“I can’t believe it’s you.” Dean breathes out on a small laugh.
Friday, March 15th, 6:52 AM
,” Gabriel says with a grin. Dean’s smile falters a little in confusion, so Gabriel explains, “Cas has been a basketcase all day—texting me nonstop. Didn’t you notice, Dean-o? He’s convinced I’m going to scare his perfect omega away.”
"Burgers it is then, thank you, Tessa." She nodded and left the room, and he looked back to see green eyes studying him like they were trying to puzzle something out.
“I wouldn’t recommend coming back here,” he says lightly, as the three men carry Castiel toward the door. “It wouldn’t be good for you…or Dean.”
Castiel feels a flash of momentary guilt—he and Dean decided to stop using scent blockers at home, since scenting each other as mates is practically compulsory—but he can’t focus on that issue right now, not if there’s something more pressing going on. Jo grabs him by the shoulder and drags him toward the living room, the non-formal one with a large television and an L-shaped couch.
Medic67 10:48 AM <<
“Come, my sweet boy,” Castiel urges him up off his lap, and Dean laments the loss of contact. Luckily, Cas is quick to put a firm hand on the back of his neck and walk him through the club. Dean feels heat rise on his cheeks, being marched toward the back rooms like a naughty child…and yet, his dick only hardens further in his jeans.
“I have to agree, I hate the salt the ocean leaves on your skin anyway. Crunchy peanut butter or smooth?”
Dean resists the urge to squirm. Naked and draped across Castiel’s lap, he’s lost count of how many times he’s come to the edge only for Castiel to pull him back.
“I have some soup. Are you hungry?” Castiel brought the soup over and Dean eyed him suspiciously. The stubborn man just shrugged and Castiel brought the bisque to him. Dean managed a few bites before he was panting again and squirming under the covers.
“What are you keeping in Dean?”
He still feels a bit foolish for freaking out the way he had the night before. He isn’t some blushing virigin, after all—he knows what sex is and has had plenty of it. Though he’s never been on the receiving end. Still, his body knows what he wants; he wishes his head would just get on board already. He doesn’t think it was even the act itself that had him hesitant, but what the act means. He needs to find a way to reassure Cas that he wasn’t, and isn’t scared of him. Nothing could be further from the truth. Cas feels like his only safe place in a dangerous fucking world. He’s never heard of an alpha stopping when an omega asked, especially a wet and aroused omega. Everything he ever learned in health class said that alphas can’t always control their urges, not when they scent an aroused or in-heat omega. Though Dean is pretty sure those textbooks were written by alphas just to excuse shitty behavior. Still, he knows Cas really does care about him…why, Dean has no idea. But who is he to look a gift horse in the mouth?
“No, of course not! What do I even say?”
Castiel wonders if they’ll put the full title on his tombstone.
“And if I refuse?” he asks, one last humming buzz of defiance coursing through him.
“Did you break your daft little ‘no omega’ rule for him?” Castiel’s eyes knit together in confusion, stalling a bit, and the Brit rolls his eyes. “Have you fucked him?”
“Sorry if I am making you uncomfortable,” Castiel says in almost a whisper.
Castiel lets out a low sultry growl into the phone that makes Dean shiver in his seat. “If that’s what it takes to get my omega wet, then I am happy to oblige.”
“I’m trying,” he says softly. Then adds, “Tell Alfie we’ll leave for Roman’s office in five minutes.”
Charlie shakes her head with a frown, her red hair swinging from side to side. “Still trying, sorry, Cas. Whoever sent it is either a bigger genius than me, or has
“Nnnnnnhhhhhgh,” Princess moans, high-pitched and whining.
When he made his escape, it had taken him nearly an hour to convince Sam to go with him. It took Dean pleading and begging, nearly in tears, till his stricken-looking brother had finally agreed. He was fairly certain Sam had never seen him cry, and hell, he could count on one hand how many times in his life he cried. Now he feels like waterworks-Winchester. He supposes losing his freedom, his family, his found safety…the man he loves…is enough to break even him. Packing what they could, Dean had raided the pantry—feeling a pang of guilt, but knowing he couldn’t stop for food, and there wouldn’t be any where they were going. Jo had caught him, though, as he loaded the Impala, shuffling an exhausted grumbling Sam into the backseat.
“Jesus, Cas, it’s
Dean rubs at his eyes, trying to make sense of it all. “It’s…kinda the same problem…they aren’t a
“Dominants rebound much faster after a scene. Our dopamine recovers quicker and we tend to get a second high after a scene. It’s helpful to the Dominant so they can take care of the submissive when they come down from a scene. One is built to help the other. Do you understand?”
“Fuck, don’t hurt him, Cas,” he mutters, swinging his legs back under him and using the table to haul himself to his feet.
xoxo,
“Well, I’m gonna get back on my feet and outta here in no time.” He only hopes he leaves because he graduates, and not because he gets kicked out. There are moments with Cas where he feels like he’s actually doing a good job and not failing. He isn’t fooling himself, though—these things always end up going sour, and he doesn’t see why this training won’t too. He always manages to screw things up.
“Oh…” Gabriel’s smile fades. He opens his mouth but then closes it, shaking his head. “Well, hey, what do you think about a big dessert bar for the wedding? Or, no, wait, instead of a meal, the dessert
He eventually waves goodbye to Alfie and shuffles off for his room, wondering what Cas might be up to. Not that it matters—he’s sure Castiel has way more important things to do than worry about some fucked up sub. Universe really has a sick sense of humor making him a sub. How can he be so worthless at something he was supposedly born to do?
“So…you and Cas?” Sam flops down on the overstuffed couch, long limbs splayed out.
“I have mine as well and it’s all clear,” Castiel hands the paper over and Dean scans it quickly.
“So you don’t want m- you don’t want human things?” Dean’s eyes lifted to meet Castiel’s bright and vibrant in a way that always halted his train of thought.
“Come on. You’ve been stressing out, talking about having to break up with your fuck buddy, and now you don’t have to. Isn’t that good news?” Sam looks at him with an eyebrow raised.
. He paces the room a moment once it’s ready and goes into the bathroom to look himself over. He splashes water on his face and brushes his teeth, stripping down completely before he goes to wait in the middle of the room.
Castiel exhales. “You make it sound so easy.”
Castiel, though he doesn’t have a praise kink, still enjoys being complimented. “Good. I want to make you feel good, Dean. I want to make you scream my name. I want to ruin you for anyone else.”
The man complies, stretching lazily and letting Castiel pour a sip of grape juice into his parted lips. He smacks them together, looking disappointed. “Sugar free?”
“Bet it’s even better when you make him scream.” The other man’s voice drops low and dangerous and it sends another shiver prickling over Dean’s skin, and oh god yes, make him scream, make him scream.
He goes to stand and watches as Sam struggles not to rock back and forth on the bed. The need will be getting strong soon, and Dean knows Sam hasn’t touched the box of toys yet. Dean had gone through his first heat without anything and swore he wouldn’t let Sam suffer the same fate if this ever happened. He remembers the pain and fear and not knowing what was happening to him. Poor Sam had been so young and confused, just bringing him food and water and sleeping outside his door like a little guard dog. He had terrified Sam with his pained cries despite how hard he had tried to stifle them. He decides to not push the issue now though, and moves out to the living room, hoping Sam will sleep.
“And I’m not selling his contract,” Castiel says, his voice so low and growling he wonders if his words are audible. His grip on Dean’s shoulder has turned possessive, fierce. He hopes he doesn’t leave a bruise. His eyes feel fiery and heated, and he knows they’re flashing in color. Dean gapes at him openly but doesn’t pull away. “If any of you wish to continue doing business with me, then any discussion involving Dean, his secondary gender, or his contract, is officially over.”
“No, that can’t be it,” Castiel insists. “He didn’t even touch his
Castiel doesn’t say a word, just stalks around the table toward John. Bobby mutters a curse under his breath and Sam gives Dean a wary look—and then Castiel strikes. He grabs John’s arm and twists it up behind his back, slamming his father down onto the table with a heavy thud. John growls as the other three jump up from their seats. Dean watches in shock as John snarls and thrashes, knocking over plates and glasses.
I do.”
be saying to his friend to get them both off…but at the word “sweetheart” all trace of Cas’ impatience fades into the background. They’ve never used pet names before, and Cas doesn’t usually use them at all, except for—well, while soothing his sub a few weeks ago during subdrop. It had slipped right out of him, as natural as breathing. They only have one scene before they reexamine the terms of their contract, and Castiel is brimming with good ideas…
“Cas?” Sam says in a small, wrecked voice. “What happened to your voice?”
Tue, July 30, 5:04 PM
His ass and shoulders are throbbing with a deep burning ache, and the idea of going through ten more lashes is overwhelming. He can do it though, he can be good for Cas. He
FlyBoy83 10:32 PM >>
Dean fiddles with the wheel on the coffee cart. He really should just replace the damn thing but hasn’t had a chance. He finally gets it functional again and heads to the elevator. It felt good having Amy back at the house again, more settled. He was surprised what a big hole she had left in such a short time. Sam’s mood is better and both kids are throwing themselves into school work and college applications, planning which ones they want to tour. He’s been by to visit his dad, and he looked like hell but he was sober at least. They hadn’t had much to talk about and the whole thing had been awkward as hell but it was a step.
Castiel chuckles, finding it hard to disagree, and Gabriel eyes him curiously as he starts typing.
“I would stop fighting now, or you’re going to earn yourself another five paddles on top of the five you’re already getting,” Castiel tells him, breath hot against his ear.
Jo’s eyes flash a momentary shade of red, and Castiel wonders for a second if he’s going to be forced to send Jo away and protect Sam alone. Rationally, he knows the smell should make him go haywire—an omega’s first heat is incredibly powerful and intoxicating, similar to a vampire catching the scent of blood. The biological intensity fades after the initial heat, but an alpha’s draw to the omega will be overpowering to anyone but family.
His mouth moves from Castiel’s lips to nibble at his ear, before they trace and kiss down the long beautiful column of his neck. He finds his mate’s scent gland right where his neck meets his shoulder, and he sucks and licks over it, enjoying the harsh, indecipherable cry of his mate. Castiel’s hips begin fucking up into him, and with one hard thrust, Dean feels the knot locking into place…his body spasming around the large intrusion.
Castiel answers with another kiss, hard and wet and all-consuming, and Dean’s hand weaves into the back of Castiel’s hair and grips it tightly. Castiel still has a hand on Dean’s dick but doesn’t have the space now to jack him off, but there seems to be no rush as Dean slides on top, deepening the kiss. Castiel can feel his own erection growing, pushing against his boxers, and Dean moves his lips away, breathing fast.
“Heya Cas,” he answers with a cheeky snark and pushes the door shut. “What's shaking?”
“What the hell, Sammy?” he grumbles, catching his breath and gripping the card in his fingers.
“Y’know…” Dean exhales, looking down at his hands. “Fighting over the bathroom, deciding who’s gonna clean the dishes. Couple stuff that doesn’t come up when you live in a mansion with ten bathrooms and a live-in chef.”
“There's my good boy.” Castiel’s hands begin dancing over his skin. Sure and steady in his movements, the now familiar massage and touch settles Dean even deeper down into his space. Worries of the coming treatment and auction fade as he feels his cock harden in anticipation.
“Yeah, yeah, Cas. You were right. As always,” Dean grumbles sarcastically, arms wrapped around himself and shivering steadily.
“Yes, all three Doms have arrived and are ready to meet with you. I will, of course, mediate and be there to support you through this process. I know my son would like to be there as well, but I told him that is your decision to make,” Chuck tells him, tugging at his burgundy sportcoat.
“You're correct, John. Dean can be soft, and loving, and caring, and generous, and self-sacrificing. He is also a strong, intelligent, self-sufficient, funny, and incredibly capable man. If you are implying that his ‘softness’ is a problem, then we have a problem, because I won’t have you insulting my sub.” Castiel fumes above him, and Dean’s inner sub wants to roll on his back and show his belly.
“I don’t think I would,” Dean says, looking distracted as he opens his laptop.
“You answer your Master when he asks you a question,” he reprimands tersely. “If I don’t want you to speak, I’ll tell you.”
Dean nods, looking grateful that he made the right decision. “Still sore today, huh?”
Ok... the kudos and hits on just chapter one are killing me with fanfic joy (is that a thing? maybe its similar to death by Ackles, you all know what I mean lol). I have had a really long stressful day and not been feeling well and the comments and kudos have been the highlight of my day. Okay so now that I am done spewing my love at you all, here is chapter two a bit early, I hope you all like it, my brain is just chalk full of ideas for these boys. <3
“I thought so,” Castiel purrs softly. “Open up, beautiful. Show them how your lips look stretched wide.”
When no one else speaks up, Castiel says in an even tone, “I went to see you at Cain’s. After some…persuasion, he finally told me what happened.”
, and tailor your scenes to their needs only. This is not an outlet for your own desires—the role you play is to provide adequate healthcare and training for submissives in need.”
“I was not freaking out,” Castiel grumbles defensively.
“S-Sammy,” he groans, feeling a painful throb low in his groin. He’s on the verge of passing out.
Come chat with us in the comments!
He obviously isn’t gonna be getting any more sleep, so he drags himself out of bed, pulling on some sweats and tiptoeing down the stairs. It’s not graceful since he has a bit of a limp in his left leg. He manages to not wake his brother as he switches on the kitchen light, waiting for the bulb to flicker on, and lets his eyes adjust.
Castiel has so many questions, he doesn’t know where to begin. He hasn’t thought of Charlie or Sam much over the past few years, but suddenly, he’s dying to reconnect with them again, to see what they’re up to. Dean, of course, he
“I know, Sam. Can you sit up for me a minute?” Dean feels his forehead and it’s scorching.
“Let me up, alright? I promise I won’t say a word.” John is so quiet Dean barely hears him. Castiel lets go, dropping John’s arm before returning to his seat and beckoning Dean to sit again.
Dean nods, his hands slipping into the back pockets of Castiel’s jeans. “You had me, Cas. God help me, you had me.”
“Leave those on, you naughty boy,” Castiel shakes his head. “Wanted to look pretty for me, didn’t you?”
P.S. Our lovely BFF EllenOfOz made some artwork for this story. Go check out the banner in chapter 1!
“Yes. No. Over my dead body,” Crowley responds dryly.
“I read,” he shrugs, not meeting Cas’ eyes. It’s corny as fucking hell—did he really just quote Shakespeare out loud? He really is gone on this man.
,” Dean points out, crossing his arms over his chest, tight lipped. Behind him, his father’s face is flushed red. The fact that he’d been willing to sell his son to the highest bidder to settle up on his own debts reminds Castiel of the disdain he has for his own parents. He’s thirty-two years old, so those wounds are a decade old by now, but he’s never quite gotten over the things Chuck and Naomi had allowed to happen to…
Castiel’s breathing heightens, Dean’s grip on his dick so skilled that it makes his back arch off the ground, and then he feels a tightening in his balls and a sudden release. Dean’s hand expertedly milks his cock with every twist of his wrist, and Castiel is just flying, feels so overwhelmed he can barely speak.
“I love you,” he breathes, sweat on his forehead now and lips brushing Dean’s ear, and then his mouth finds the scent gland again. And then he does it.
“Why didn’t we keep in touch?” Dean asks a few moments later, and Castiel squints his eyes, looking up at him. “After high school, I mean.” He grips the steering wheel tightly now, some of his earlier levity gone. “We were best friends, man, and then…nothing.”
So Dean had decided to treat Sam to a day of doing whatever he wanted. Seeing Sam happy was about the only thing that could make him smile with the mood he’s in. He kinda wondered if the little jerk could tell something had happened, considering he had been trying to distract Dean all week. It had helped, though, so the least he could do was give Sam a good birthday.
Dean gathers up the stack of invoices he was going through with Kevin, and slots them into the newly labeled folders. He likes cleaning things up and making them neat…it helps keep his mind off things, like why his alpha is acting so distant.
“I think it would have been difficult for them not to have heard you, sweetheart.” Dean groans and buries his face in Castiel’s shoulder. “Come on now, it’s not so bad. You were enjoying yourself and pleasing your Dom. There is nothing to be ashamed of, and if anyone makes you feel bad about this, they will answer to me. Do you understand?”
They lay there next to each other in peaceful silence for what seemed like forever. He idly wondered where Sam was. He couldn’t believe that his brother was seventeen already. He wondered if he was taller than him yet. The kid had been growing like a weed before.
“He’s safe, they didn’t lay a hand on him I swear. He’s still in heat, but he's strong, Dean, just like his brother.” Dean can hear the truth in his words, and it calms him to know he at least managed to keep Sam safe.
“Is that so?” Castiel glances at him through his spread-eagle position and offers him a raised eyebrow. The man’s dick is erect but totally untouched, and Castiel fights the urge to stroke the cock nice and tight. His sub just smiles back down at him, eager and needy, so he adds a third finger instead. He moans happily at the intrusion and Castiel struggles to maintain his composure. He wants to whip his dick out right now, jack himself off roughly until his sub’s face and stomach are marked with come, but this isn’t about him, so he continues lavishing attention onto his pet. “You’re very tight, very needy. I think I need to go deeper to complete my examination.”
Dean pops his head up at that. “Say what now?”
“Ah! Master!” It’s a shout of overstimulation, but Castiel knows his sub’s limits, can tell that the sting will fade to arousal shortly. So he continues his assault, licking and sucking, drool rolling out of the corners of his mouth. “M-Master…”
He growls into the pillow, his alpha strength piercing the barrier and ripping it open with his teeth. It takes him a long time to calm down enough to check on Dean, much to his own chagrin, but they’re still locked together thanks to his swollen knot. When their eyes meet, Dean is looking at Castiel with a glazed look and a sated smile.
“Hey, don’t be a heathen. Take it to the table.” Dean scowls, smacking his brother lightly upside the head.
“Do you want coffee, sweetheart?” Castiel asks, distracting him.
Dean licked his lips, staring at the man before him, and on instinct he leaned forward, capturing those pink lips in his. He pressed into the kiss, warm and inviting and felt the vibration of Castiel’s purr of pleasure rumbling through him.
“Sam, make sure he shows you the library. I assume you will have homework to do while you’re staying here?” Castiel adds, looking at the backpack Sam has slung over his duffle.
“Oh, I do not trust you,” Castiel says plainly. “Nor do I agree with your politics, your business methods, or any opinion you hold.”
my parents, you mean,” Castiel says darkly, filled with the familiar sense of indignation. “I was angry at all of them for a very long time. I barely speak to my parents, even now.”
They unload the car and walk hand-in-hand toward the elevator, Dean hitting the button for Castiel’s suite on instinct. Castiel would like to stop and see Pam and Victor, and he’s sure Dean would be pleased to see Alfie again—but perhaps that can wait a few hours. Their first priority is retrieving all the evidence of Chuck’s crimes and delivering it to the police. He wonders if he should ask Becky to come along too, considering they wouldn’t have unearthed any of his father’s betrayal without her help. He discusses it with Dean as they head off the elevator and into the long hallway, and Dean agrees they should give her the opportunity to come along.
Bobby strides over to the pair, thrusting his mangled fishing rod into Dean’s hand and instructing him to “make himself useful already.” Dean rolls his eyes and starts to rethread the line, but keeps stealing glances at Castiel that make the alpha’s palms sweat. It’s very difficult not to pull Dean aside, to either yell at him or plead with him or kiss him—Castiel isn’t sure which emotion would win out at this point, he’s so overwhelmed.
“Such a good and open little slut for me,” Castiel teases, and the crowd chuckles, making him burn with embarrassment. “Beautiful bow legs were born for this, fall right where I want them.”
There’s that familiar spunk that Castiel noticed during the meeting with Dick. Not that Castiel doesn’t have an excellent staff already, but the omega is refreshing and vibrant in a way Cas can’t pinpoint. Being in Dean’s presence is like a breath of fresh air.
“I don’t know,” Pam says honestly. “Maybe he’s afraid to see you again? To be rejected?”
“Inias,” Castiel corrects with a snort, shaking his head ruefully. “Well, what about you?”
If one of you isn’t back here tonight I’m coming to find you
“There’s nothing I want more.”
“Alpha,” he moans, realizing he knows exactly what he needs. “Alpha, I want you. Please knot me tonight. I want you in me. I’m ready, please.”
“Very good,” Castiel confirms, loving the dazed look on Dean’s face as he simmers in his obedience. There’s no telling how long it’s been since he’s experienced a release like that, and Castiel can’t bring himself to be anything but thankful. “But you’ll learn during orientation not to come without permission, sweet boy, and you’ll ask next time. Won’t you?”
“Good, because you’re sick…” Dean begins to scoff, but Casitel continues. “Please don’t deny it. I can see how terrible you feel, sweetheart, and it pains me to see you like this when I could do something to help.”
“I don’t know. Honestly in my head, it's… I feel like I have been stuck in subspace all day. I can’t… I can’t form a full sentence and… it's just been strange… it's not like normal subspace was with… Well, it's just not the same. It doesn’t feel good. It feels like being underwater.” He finally clamps down on his verbal diarrhea and already feels his head clearing a bit.
omega, he reminds himself unncessarily, knowing he lost this fight a while ago. Deep down, he’s wanted Dean to be his since the moment he laid eyes on him in Dick Roman’s office.
Dean sits in his car, engine off and Benny at his side. He stares up at the house, the perfectly manicured lawn and the wreath hanging on the door. He hasn’t felt fear this deep since the auction for Cash.
“You bitch!” Azazel growls, and launches at Dean, eyes still that sickening yellow. He dodges one hit but takes another to the gut that knocks the wind out of him. He stumbles and struggles to keep his feet under him before he throws another punch, only to have his hand caught. The alpha’s strength crushes and grinds the bones in his hand. He stifles a cry as he kicks the guy hard in the nuts, earning him a grunt of pain as his hand is released. He reels back and swings as hard as he can, nailing Azazel across his cheek bone and making the alpha stumble against the wall.
“Hey, let me go you jerk!” Sam squawks until Dean finally relents, letting him go.
“Damn straight I am,” he nods and marches into the house.
(or give you some ideas bouncing around in our heads) and help a good cause while we're doing it! The auction runs from June 12-26.
“Right through there you can change in the tack room,” Castiel tells him, happy to have some more moral support for today.
Castiel blinks, mouth hanging open as the news continues, going into more depth about the charges leveled against each alpha. He knows it’s unlikely that they’ll catch Lucifer, Raphael, and Azazel—thanks to Castiel’s own hand in banishing them—but he knows where they are because of Charlie’s GPS technology, so perhaps he should tip off the police. It’s satisfying enough, though, seeing Alastair and Abaddon and Lilith in custody…but Dick Roman?
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I…”
Whether he wants to admit it or not, Castiel has been developing more-than-friendship feelings for ‘67 for months now. Which is ridiculous, because he has no name, no photo (except for the shot of an exceptionally sexy stomach that prompted this whole sexting incident), no identifying information about his friend. He could’ve stood right behind the man in line at his favorite coffee shop, or honked at him in traffic, or made eye contact with him on the T. By society’s standards, they don’t even know each other.
“We have enough time to stop somewhere. Do you want to get a gift for your brother?” Castiel asks, as the song changes over to the Allman Brothers.
“Hey, Sammy. How are you feeling?” Dean moves to the side of the bed, pulling down the blanket to get a look at Sam.
. An honest-to-god laugh that lights up his face, leaves tiny little folds around his mouth, and makes him look like a thousand-pound weight has been lifted off his shoulders. Momentarily, at least.
Castiel swallows, but he doesn’t answer. He doesn’t have to. He’s sure the truth of that statement is painted, painfully, all over his face.
“You got some office fantasy I don’t know about?” He’s going for confident but he can’t keep the aroused waver out of his throat.
But Dean would never leave Sam alone with John, and Castiel wouldn’t allow that either. Still, they can’t exactly kidnap a minor and restart a life together in a foreign country. So here they are, doomed to two years of sneaking around and hiding. He trusts everyone in this house, and truly believes what Missouri told him upstairs earlier. The staff would protect Dean, would keep Dean and Cas’ relationship a secret. Of course they would. Not to mention, Cas is fairly certainly there’s a nondisclosure agreement in each of their contracts anyways…a formality he never imagined needing. But even if they could finally “come out” to the household, would Dean want to take such a risk?
Castiel feels miserable for the rest of the week, though he tries his hardest to mask it. Dean will barely meet his eyes now, and when they do speak, it’s strictly about meetings, or schedules, or emails. It’s two straight days of pure tension between them, and Cas is so unsettled by it that everything feels off—food, sleep, work. On the afternoon of the third day, in the midst of a raging headache, he catches Dean looking at him with a deep frown on his face. A few minutes later, the omega drops off a large glass of water, a bottle of pain relievers, and one of his mouth-watering sandwiches. The peace offering washes over Castiel like aloe vera on a sunburn, and after that, he tries to do small things for Dean to reciprocate—letting him leave work a little early, pouring him a cup of coffee in the morning. They still aren’t speaking, not really, but everytime Dean gives him a small, grateful smile for some random thoughtful act, the ice around Cas’ heart begins to thaw a little.
Dean feels his knees go weak at the very thought. His dad wouldn’t do that, would he? Not to Lucifer. He wants to believe John wouldn’t, but after watching him deal away his own contract to Roman, he fears the same fate for his brother. Steel cuffs snap tight around his wrists as the shirt is tugged free.
“Do I get a reward for being a good boy?” He glances up at Cas now from under his lashes, watching the lust play across his face. Whoever thinks the sub has no power, doesn’t understand this dynamic at all, Dean thinks ruefully.
Medic67 10:29 AM <<
“May I see your wrists?” he asks and Dean holds them up for him. “May I take them off?”
“Think I’m gonna call it a night,” he says, rubbing a hand across his stomach to soothe the mild ache there.
"Don't you have a house slave for that?"
“So why ask me to text you then?” If the guy wasn’t interested, what they hell were they doing?
“I can and I will, if that's what it comes to. Now, I bet you're wondering what I'm doing here. Did I come to punish you, or save you? Well Dean, I want to save you. But I want your real submission to me.” Cain either looks taller or Dean somehow shrunk.
“Bring me home, Baby,” he says, patting the dash of his car as he makes the short drive home. He didn’t wait to say goodbye to Jo, just ducked out as soon as his relief showed up. Sometimes he thinks his car drives itself home, because suddenly he’s pulling up to the apartment building. He climbs the stairs and hears shuffling and banging as he enters his apartment. He is in no mood to deal with his brother right now and tries to sneak off to his room.
There is someone who does like pie, though—at least, that’s what Ellen mentioned a few days ago.
Missouri snorts a little, though her worry never fades. “I’ll say.” She reaches behind his head, touching a weathered old dream catcher hanging off the bedpost. “Whoever gave you this oughta get their money back.”
Castiel blinks. “Don’t be ridiculous. It’s only been an
Dean lets out a long, shaky breath. Castiel always seems to know what to say to make Dean feel safe. “I wanna try, Cas. I still think you're a crazy fucker for wanting to shackle yourself to me, but I’m not gonna stop you.”
He’s thinking about this, and wondering if he should start hanging decorations in the nursery today or wait for Jo’s help, when he spots someone moving outside the kitchen window. He wrinkles his brow, wondering who would be on this side of the property at eight in the morning. For the past three years they’ve lived in a small cabin on the estate, a five-minute walk from the manor. It’s rare that anyone visits without texting first, though. They’ve maintained such a heated, spontaneous sex life over the years, that unannounced visitors quickly learn to call ahead.
“You guys want a beer?” Ellie asks, coming out of the house obviously having showered herself and wearing clean jeans and a low cut tee. Dean can’t help but think how grateful he is to have found her as a friend. He probably doesn’t appreciate just how much Ellie has done for him. Giving him the job with no experience, never pushing him to talk when he didn’t want to, but always being around to listen. Just being a soothing presence during some of his rockiest times. He hit the jackpot with more than just Cas by coming to Stowaway Farm.
criminal activity we’re sitting on here.”
Medic67 5:23 PM >>
The man eventually shuts off the water, reeling up the hose and running a hand over the horse’s chest.
A clicker so he can safeword is placed in his palm, and his hands are pulled behind his back and secured in leather cuffs. He feels the heat of the man behind him, pressed up against him, and his mind spins with all the things he might do to him. He lets out another whimper, this time muffled by the gag. It earns him a quick swat to the hip and he jumps a little. “No whining, toy, I will use you how and when I want.” Dean nods at that, unable to say the
“No, you couldn’t have,” Castiel interrupts hotly. “Dean, it was five against one—”
“Get off of me,” Dean growls, pulling free and tripping on the rug he crashes onto the floor, groaning at the impact.
“I know that. It’s just…” He bites his lip, quieting down as the server drops their drinks onto the table and leaves again. Castiel waits patiently, sipping his merlot and waiting for Dean to continue. “This whole, my dom-is-best-friend thing just fucks with my head, man. I see you sitting there, drinking wine and nerding out about honey, and I have no trouble acceptin’ that you’re Flyboy83. But all I can see is my dom, and all the sexy ass shit I associate with you, and it’s like…”
“Feel a little weird,” he answers, and wants to smack himself for such a vague and useless answer.
Medic67 6:49 PM >>
“I would say…” He licks his lips and the dom wants nothing more than to feel that tongue in his mouth, on his neck, against his cock. “Please, Master,
Medic67 7:50 PM >>
The pair he’s chosen is a black, transparent lace thong, and Castiel fights a shudder when the curve of that perfect ass fills up his vision.
Castiel feels an overpowering ache in his chest. He wants to help his omega, to make him feel better, but he’s not sure how. He can’t be around Dean without his blockers on, can’t think rationally for even a moment. “Dean…”
He watches as Sam turns to leave. “Hey Sammy?” Sam stops to look at him. “You know I don’t care that you like guys right? Just so you know,” he adds trying to get the sentiment across as best he can.
Cain is another story. After a full week with the Dom, Dean still can’t quite figure the guy out. Most of the time he’s fairly chill—calm and mostly quiet—until he explodes in these bursts of rage over something Dean has done or not done. He wants Dean quiet, too, so he spent a good part of his first week gagged. He kinda hates feeling silenced like that all the time, but Cain won’t discuss it with him and he doesn’t think it's worth a safeword. What does he have to say that's so important, anyway? Plus, he seems to piss Cain off less when he has the gag on.
Castiel shrugs and laughs softly. “You know, in a lot of states…including Kansas…mating bites can be used as proof of marriage without a ceremony taking place.”
“I already have the only person I want standing right in front of me.” Castiel's voice is firm, brooking no argument. “I only danced with those people to keep up appearances. What about you, and that blonde alpha who had his filthy paws all over you?”
He’s never used it with his own father, so that's good, but he never had any fantasies around the word either. He decides just to be glad Cain didn’t want “Master,” since Dean is fairly sure he will only ever want to call one person that name.
He touches the soft leather of his new collar and feels a bit weird putting it on himself. He carries it out to the kitchen and finds Castiel already sitting in his seat—a huge plate of food and Dean’s pillow by his side. Breakfast smells amazing, and Dean’s stomach rumbles. He’s quick to lower himself down and get settled.
Castiel snorts and takes an overhead picture of his finished product, realizing belatedly that the knees of his jeans and his socked feet are in the photo. Oh well, he thinks, hitting send.
“I trust you, but I need to hear it from Dean.” Sam’s voice carries through the door, sounding every bit the stubborn little brother. Dean can’t hear the reply, just the low, rough-sounding timbre to Cas’ voice.
Sam nods, running to the house and yelling about grabbing some cash. Dean’s fairly sure Sam is snagging money from the coffee can Bobby has over the fridge for just such frivolous purchases.
Castiel has no clue where all this flirting has come from, but these are things he’s been imagining himself saying to ‘67 for a long time. Dirty talking them both to completion twenty minutes ago has clearly broken down all the carefully crafted boundaries Cas spend months setting up.
“Castiel,” she says, her voice more firm, “do you have time to come in today, so we can talk?”
“I love you in these,” Castiel hums happily, running his fingers across the lacings on his arm bindings. “Just one more time, baby, tell me when you're close,” Castiel presses the prostate massager deeper and Dean groans, pressing his face into the couch cushion.
Dean gives Castiel a small, grateful smile before addressing the table. “Yeah, uh, this is my little brother Sam. He’s fifteen, about to finish up his sophomore year. He rudely showed up uninvited, but I figured I’d keep ‘im around anyways.”
“Cas, Cas, slow down,” Dean says, gripping him tightly back, “there are better ways to manhandle me, y’know.”
Sam hovers over him as Dean finishes stuffing the last few items in his duffel bag.
“What Sam said,” Charlie says, nudging Castiel’s elbows impishly. “Though I’ll add that, when you’re packing for the camping trip, don’t forget… The best sex is safe sex.”
“I’ve
Castiel swallows a dry lump in his throat. “Me and…?”
“Of course I do,” Castiel interrupts. There’s an edge to his voice and he doesn’t quite know where it came from. Normally he loves being teased by Dean, loves all their banter and flirting, but at the moment it has him all worked up. He doesn’t want to push things with Dean, doesn’t want to propel their romantic relationship into sexual territory just because it’s easy.
“I know all the young people are meeting that way now. Sam and Jo, you should be taking notes,” Ellen adds with a wag of her finger. The two look at each other and Rufus barks out a laugh.
He opens the door and takes in Castiel, standing on his front step looking just as gorgeous as he had a few days ago. He’s filled out since they were young kids back in high school. Broad shoulders and a dark stubble on his perfect jaw make Dean swallow hard. Cas still has the same gorgeous blue eyes and soft smile he remembers, though.
“He could also be a strong omega just like his brother,” Castiel adds.
Dean freezes. He’s mated to Roman now, which means he legally can’t testify against the man. He knows that much of the law. His own scent is souring, taking on the bitter taste of Roman with every pump of blood through his veins.
Dean winces, looking down at the ground. “Nothing. No idea what she’s talking about.”
“That’s good, because I don’t like to share.” He smirks a minute, then feels a bit crestfallen…he knows Cas doesn’t share either, and he’s been so tainted. Still, he reins himself in. He needs to stay focused on the bigger items at hand and stop thinking with his dick. “So, do you need to do anything else? With the contract, I mean?”
“Uh, thanks…but really, it's nothing major.”
“The light makes this my favorite room, too.” He looks around the spare room. It's a mishmash of furniture, a treadmill, weight machine, an old padded medical table, and boxes of weights and elastic bands stacked in the corner by an exercise ball and yoga mats. The other side, however, has a loveseat and bookshelf right by the window. It’s one of his favorite spots to unwind after work.
He bites his bottom lip, looking at the damp spot forming on his briefs as he begins to move his hand in a slow slide.
“Cas! Wait!” he calls out and freezes as he watches him whip around. Holy crap, it's really him, storm blue eyes that could melt a glacier, and he’s really doing this.
Castiel wrinkles his eyebrows. “Why? Most years, you don’t even come to the charity ball.”
“Dean, are you okay?”
“Dean, I didn’t mean—"
"Yeah, that works for me. I mean, you said you could do some work to fix the place up so I figure that's worth a lower rent. Plus, I don't owe on the place, just wanna make enough to support my writing." Chuck smiled sheepishly, pulling out a piece of paper. It was the most simple lease Dean had ever seen but he happily signed it, handed over the cash, and before he knew it Chuck was handing him keys and running out the door.
The truth of Cas’ words hits Dean like a freight train.
“Haven’t been gone that long, Sammy. How did you do on your English paper on Steinbeck?”
“The fuck’s he doin’ here?” John grumbles, moving to the freezer and grabbing a fresh bottle of whiskey from the top. “Got you on actual leash? White-collar contract my ass.”
“Missed you, Master,” Dean says, their foreheads touching.
The way Dean has his guard up now, Casiel wonders if their relationship will even reach a third day.
“Need you,” he sub wheezes, his cock at full attention, leaking at the tip. “Master, please.”
“I know you are, Dean, but it wasn’t your fault. I would like to tend to you a bit and see if we can’t get you feeling steadier. Then I think we’ll have some lunch, and we can try the playroom again this afternoon,” Castiel tells him, in his confident Dom voice that Dean likes so much.
“Cas, please, baby, please! Put it in, I’m ready. I need you!”
Dean definitely seems interested, if the sudden tent in his pants is any indication. But after a moment he frowns. “We won’t try that anytime soon, though, right?”
“I told you when you signed the contract that your brother was welcome here. Though you did not provide notice he was coming and that does break the house rules.” Castiel gives him a stern look that makes Dean’s stomach turn to jello. “Seeing as you were simply trying not to interrupt while helping me get set up this morning, I can hardly fault you for it.”
“It’s gonna be okay, Dean.” Sam tries to reassure him, but all Dean feels is gut-wrenching terror and blissful relief at the thought of Cas.
Castiel still feels miserable, adrenaline making his hands shake, but he tries to mask his self-loathing for Dean’s sake. He toes off his shoes near the closed door, slips off his suit jacket, and rolls up his sleeves. He slides down to the bed, stiff as a board, but Dean buries his head against Castiel’s chest without reservation. His scent is permeating and sweet, warm and delicious, but Castiel resists the urge to relax into it, to let it fill his senses. After all, letting down his guard is how they got into this mess.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nods, swallowing hard. “I’m sorry if I’ve… If me being around makes you think about him more.”
Dean’s eyes haven’t left Castiel’s lips. “If?” he asks, sounding disappointed.
Dean chokes on his sandwich a bit as he reads FlyBoy’s,
“P-please, Master, yes.”
Castiel swallows hard. If only he had trusted his instincts, or had listened to Dean’s protests, they wouldn’t have spent any time separated and none of this would’ve happened…
Apart from Dick Roman, the only thing keeping them apart is Castiel’s own fear. A fear he thinks he might
“Thank you, Master,” Dean answers earnestly. He feels a bit better about the cage and plug, knowing no one will know they’re there but Castiel. Actually, that kind feels like a dirty little secret between them, and he can get behind that.
“Fuck no,” Dean protests, grabbing Castiel’s shoulders and holding him there. “It’s just—my feet hurt, y’know—can we take this to the bed?”
Castiel’s eyes narrow down at him, and he crowds Dean up against the door, a swift hand tugging on the blinds, snapping them shut. He’s caged in with Castiel’s chest only an inch away from his own. He can feel the rise and fall of his chest, matching his own breathing to Castiel’s.
“Happy to serve,” Dean grins at him, and so what if he lets the words out a little long and slow? The only indication it has an impact on the man is his eyes going wide for a just a second before the cool mask is back in place. He doesn’t say another word, just sweeps out of the aisle toward the register, coat billowing out behind him. Dean leans against the metal shelf for a moment, catching his breath and hoping that encounter won’t be the last.
“Yes, Master,” the sub begs.
“Tell me a story?” Dean asks finally, pulling the blanket up over his legs.
By the time he’s on the spanking bench, silent tears are tracking down his cheeks. Cain’s hands are surprisingly soft as they move to fasten his wrists and ankles into cuffs. Dean desperately wants a kind touch. He needs to know he still deserves it.
“Oh, I…” Castiel stares at the small beam of light cascading from the candles. Somehow, the darkness of the room and the lateness of the hour has emboldened him. He’s not in his office in the daylight hours, wearing a suit and conversing with his assistant. He’s sitting by candlelight staring at the most beautiful man he’s ever seen, midnight approaching, and he wonders if he could allow himself to be honest with Dean. Just this once.
He tells Pam and Gabriel goodbye in a flurry, heading for the elevators with a nervous thrum in his chest. He’s already calculating the drive to Sioux Falls. If he packs in twenty minutes, he’ll be on the road in thirty, and with the two-hour drive and no stops for the bathroom, he’ll be there by ten or so… He mentally assembles a packing list, wondering if he should pack enough clothes for days or weeks, knowing the answer depends entirely on if Dean is willing to leave his current Dom. He hasn’t actually read the contract Dean signed with Cain—since his father keeps those on his private server—but figures it’ll be the standard agreement. Exiting on his own terms should be easy enough to navigate, especially since Castiel was one of the files chosen for Dean’s trial placement.
“She’s coming along. We lucked out that I had that Impala in the yard you could salvage from,” Bobby remarks from somewhere above him.
Medic67 10:05 PM <<
Dean had really hoped he was doing a better job holding it together. “It's just an adjustment period, okay? I just need time to get my head straight. I promise I’m okay and working on it, alright?”
Dean looks back up at him. He can still feel the fingers resting on his knee.
Castiel freezes, the tension in his shoulders traveling down his body. He can’t breathe for a moment, wondering how Dean could possibly know about Jimmy. Some of his staff is aware of his family history, but they would never betray Castiel’s trust by telling a story that’s not theirs to tell—no matter how much they like Dean. Which leaves one option, really…
Castiel nods gratefully with a sigh. “That sounds excellent, Dean, thank you.”
“Yes,” the sub confesses, voice quivering and leaning into Castiel’s hand. “Yes, Master.”
Another shock quickly follows, and Dean scrambles back into a kneeling position. He blinks in the darkness and realizes they are watching him. Closely. His night just got a whole lot longer.
“Hey!” Sam protests, tucking a long strand of hair behind his ear.
“Nice to meet you.” He watches as Castiel greets her as well and follows her into the suite.
"Gee, thanks!" she exclaimed, snatching the coffee from his hand.
A pout immediately covers Dean’s face. “Salad?” he repeats skeptically. “I, uh, don’t really do the rabbit food thing.”
“D-Dean? You should be in bed,” Castiel mumbles, his voice sounding tight and wrecked.
"Password?"
“I guess we need to talk soon… I’m just…” Dean struggles for the words. “I’m so scared that I’ll lose you for good, Cas.” He feels tears pricking his eyes and fights them down.
"You got a family?"
Dean wracks his brain to see if there's anything he forgot. It's his third visit with Dr. Knight and on the next visit they are doing their first session of EMDR therapy. He’s sorta terrified and excited in equal measure. He’s been warring with the guilt hard the past few weeks. So many of these memories are sitting in the forefront of his mind.
He spent the evening cleaning up the downstairs, sweeping the floors and then mopping them. He scrubbed at the sink and moved on to the cabinets before it was close to bedtime. He listened to the music coming through the walls and it brought him a strange kind of comfort, like he wasn't all alone as he felt.
“Okay,” Castiel answers, holding up a hand in surrender. “So, what are the not good parts?”
“Here you go, Master,” Dean says, and Castiel takes the medicine dutifully, drinking half the water in a sudden gulp. He had no idea how thirsty he’d become. He looks down at himself in his boxers, and Dean in his skimpy thong, and desire burns through him.
Medic67 1:03 PM <<
“Mmm god yes, please yes,” Dean sighs as he feels the slick lube coated finger dip into his sensitive rim. Fuck, it feels so fucking good…he just wants that cock in him now. He wants to be split open, to be broken down to tiny pieces till he can’t do anything but feel.
“I just went,” Castiel mumbles.
He grabs the cage, bringing it to the bathroom and reading the instructions a few times through. He’s gone soft again, and can’t risk thinking about what he’s going to do or he’ll get rock hard again. He pulls his briefs and pants down just below his ass, taking his cock in hand. He takes a few deep breaths before slowly sliding on the silver rings. The cool sensation tickles the sensitive skin and he holds back a small gasp as it finally slides into place. There’s a ring that locks it tightly around the back of his balls, and with a quiet
Castiel clears his throat, suddenly aware that they’re alone inside his office. “Good to know. As to your other point, I agree with you—Zachariah Alder is quite the ‘dick.’” He smiles easily, trying to diffuse the tension, and Dean mirrors him.
“I know. We’re trying,” he says, trying to keep his voice even. “Now, let’s get you up… Yes, just like that…”
The door opens and he spins to see his dom entering the room…and he has a fucking white lab coat on and is carrying a clipboard. He doesn’t even lift his eyes to look at Dean as he moves to set the clipboard down. “Hurry up, clothes off and on the table, pet.”
“Mr. Knight, this is Dean Winchester. Dean, this Mr. Cain Knight,” Chuck introduces them, taking a seat at the head of the table.
Zachariah mumbles something about how he has nothing to hide and turns tail and marches off without his coffee.
—he hasn’t even presented yet!”
“I didn’t realize he was invited. You seemed somewhat…disapproving last time we discussed Dean.”
“Sweetheart, you know I do.”
“No ma’am.” He looks at her and can tell she’s waiting for him to elaborate. He needs to put his big boy pants on. God, he wishes Castiel were with him. “I was seeing another alpha at the time, him and I were… I was thinking we might be true mates, actually. I did some reading on it.” He wipes at the sweat on his brow and fights another wave of nausea. “But another alpha got the jump on me and bit me, on my mating gland.”
“Well, come on now. Let me get a look at you.” Roman stands, waving for Dean to come closer.
“Bet you wish you’d gotten such a slutty whore for a sub, don’t you?” His master laughs, pausing to rub his hand over his reddened skin.
He watches the Winchesters load into the Impala, waving at Sam as the car pulls away. He misses them—both of them. But Dean and Castiel won’t be able to walk away from each other, Castiel knows that now. He loves Dean too much. And that impulsive, defensive, beautiful man? He loves Castiel, too.
“Good boy, so good. I am so proud of you,” Castiel tells him, and Dean feels the praise soothe his ragged nerves. He blinks up at Castiel, eyes squinting as the room feels softer around the edges.
“Working electricity?” Dean says grumpily.
“So, what's got you reading biology books at this hour? Did you think about taking those online classes I showed you?” Kevin asks, obviously offering Dean an excuse for reading this book.
“Mmm, that’s an understatement,” Dean murmurs, bringing Castiel’s hands to his lips. “And don’t think I didn’t notice you say
“Oh, Master…” He sub pulls against the restraints, writhing. “Please, please.”
“No sir,” Dean shakes his head, a little sucking in a breath as Castiel’s hands roll over the curve of his hips.
“We’ll see. If I know my brother, he’ll get sick of you soon. He’ll toss you back to Roman before you can blink. Dick’s a good friend of mine, actually, and he’s usually more than happy to share… I look forward to it.” Luc gives him one last look before sweeping out the door and out of sight.
Castiel stands then, helping Dean to his feet but not letting go of his hand. “Well then, no time like the present?”
of money. I’ve never been stumped like this before.”
“It’s a can of baked beans, Cas, not rocket science,” Dean calls now from his spot in the living room. Castiel, standing at the stove with a pensive look on his face and a wooden spoon in his hand, rolls his eyes playfully.
: You doing okay?
“Um…” The man is still looking down, and though Castiel had assumed it was a submissive stance for his benefit, he realizes the sub is eyeing his prominent erection. “What about you, Sir?”
“F-fuck, Cas, Jesus,” he whimpers. “Wanna…wanna come on your cock, alpha,
“I’m not sure,” Castiel admits, reaching for his glass of ice water.
“Of course. It may be something you do for just an evening after a hard day at work, or over a weekend with your Dom. However often feels right for you, sweetheart. There is still a vast world of kinks to explore that can help meet your needs.” Castiel’s smile is warm and earnest.
Dean slumps against the spanking bench and feels like all his pain and fear are draining out of him through his tears. When Castiel strikes his thighs, he does so with the same firm force as before. Instead of bracing and fighting Dean’s body just gives in, going loose and pliant on the bench as tiny whimpers of pain leave his lips with each hit. His mind drifts away on the pain and he barely registers the restraints coming undone. Strong hands pull at his body, lifting him, and he feels soft fabric underneath his stomach and face. He floats away deep into himself, the pain barely registering. He knows he is still crying and he feels gentle hands soothing something cool on his skin, but it all feels so far away. He is safe, utterly and truly safe in this moment, and he revels in it.
“If you think so,” Ellen says dimly, though she doesn’t sound convinced. “You said it was his dad who did this?”
So much more.
Cassie!”
“Oh god, sir, I’m gonna come, sir, sir,” he whimpers, pleading, needing the release but needing more than anything for his Dom to give it to him. It's his Dom's pleasure and that just feels right. He wants Cas to draw the orgasm from him.
. His stomach drops at the sight.
“For Jesse, it’s a blowjob under the kitchen table and a home-cooked meal,” Pam says, and Gabriel fist-pumps her as Castiel tries to make sense of all his conflicting thoughts.
“Hello, Son. Did you have a nice day at work?”
She smiles, tucking a strand of her long, brown hair behind her ear. “You don’t yet,” she says, patting his arm as she passes by him in the kitchen, “but you will.”
“Gorgeous,” Castiel breathes, fighting the urge to cover his sub with light and reverent touches. But he’ll save that for aftercare. “Kneel,” he instructs, then turns his attention briefly back to Cain and Benny, their eyes blown wide at the sight of the sub in a snug pair of panties and nothing else. “What do you think of my whore, gentlemen?”
the comb, of course, but just a small taste. Selfishly he doesn’t want to disrupt the moment growing between them, to risk walking back to the main house and have others join them.
“I don’t need a babysitter.” Castiel rolls his eyes, but he hasn’t said no.
“I didn’t know who you were, not until recently. And since you look like you’re on the verge of having a heart attack, I’m thinking you didn’t either. But no matter what, you’re still my best friend. And my dom…if you wanna be. And there’s—” He looks down, blushing, eyelashes fluttering against his freckled cheeks. “Well, there’s a damn good chance that I’m in love with you.”
Hannah 12:15 PM <<
From the other end of the table, Abaddon snorts. “I don’t know what sort of ‘crisis of conscience’ you’re going through, Castiel, but it sounds dull and boring. You should learn where your loyalties lie.”
name, and he wants to call him and talk to him outside of scenes, and he wants to see him more than just twice a month…
Castiel glares at him skeptically. “Dean, I realize the temperatures outside aren’t freezing, but sleeping in wet clothes will give you a cold at the
Castiel can feel heat radiating from his skin, his head nearly feverish with rage. His father not only willingly sent Dean off with a Dom he was not that compatible with, he also wrote in a clause sending him somewhere other than Purgatory?
FlyBoy83 3:27 PM <<
Castiel glares a hole into the back wall of Crowley’s office. “You’re saying Dean has to work for me for two years, or come up with the money on his own? I can’t help him?”
“Yeah, well between you and Jo never calling me, I would feel like pariah if it wasn’t for Sam here. He never misses his mom on Monday call.” Ellen gives Sam a wink.
He’s found that scening is kinda like a high for him, the rush of adrenaline addictive. Probably why he likes working on an ambulance so much, the rush of a call and thinking on his feet, there’s nothing like it. He likes being on the road doing calls too, out on the streets around Boston like watching over his home turf. He doesn’t really think of himself as a thrill seeker, he isn’t about to jump out of a plane or anything—giant metal death traps—but submitting gives him a similar jolt to the heart that he craves. Truth is, he’s kinda lost some of the thrill and needs something new, leading him to increase his kink list and decrease his limit list for the club. The owners, Billie and Pam, had both insisted on going over it and making him wait a week to really think it over before he was paired with a new dom.
“Come on, let’s dry off and then I can hold you in an actual bed.” He smiled, thinking of those nights on the beach or in the back of his car. All he’d wanted then was one night in a nice soft bed with Castiel in his arms.
He’s not sure where his stamina comes from, considering he’s felt on the edge since the moment they kissed in the pool, but he keeps going. Dean curses and cries and flushes desire, and Castiel is so lost he has no idea what words are falling out of his mouth. He wraps a hand around his omega’s cock and begins to stroke it, matching the rhythm of his thrusts, and pretty soon Dean is hard again and writhing on the bed. The bed itself is chaotically askew, pillows tossed on the floor, blankets falling off and the headboard rattling against the wall.
“Wha-what time is it,” he yawns, feeling groggy and a little perturbed at having to be vertical.
“I need you too, Dean, but I need you to be open enough first,” Castiel reminds him, but his voice is wavering at the sounds of Dean’s pleas. The urge to jam his cock in and start pounding away has never been stronger.
“Missouri, do you know when Ellen is planning to have dinner ready?” Castiel asks, moving behind his desk and clicking closed a few items on his desktop.
“Productive, as usual. But you probably know that already.” Mr. Adler claps Castiel on the shoulder, and Dean looks to the small table and notices a notepad and pen. He settles himself in the corner, really unsure of what kind of information he should be taking notes on.
“Fuck, Cas, me either. Thought about it all the time.”
“You two meet online?” Jim asks, the last to sit down putting the ketchup in the middle for everyone.
~~~~~
Castiel smiles and reaches out a hand to him. “Of course it is, want to come help me shower?”
Dean just gapes at him for a moment, eyes sparking in the lamp light. Immediately Castiel feels like a fool, the back of his neck burning red. Here Dean is, pushing him away and obviously weary of all alphas, and Castiel is waxing poetic and force-feeding him soup. It’s a good thing he’ll never truly be someone’s—
He smiles, an unsettling, horrible smile. And that’s the last thing Castiel sees before he’s thrown down the steps and onto the pavement below.
“Talk her into dinner? She got a problem with meeting your family, Sam? ‘Cause I gotta say that's not a great sign, man.” Dean frowns at the idea.
“Oh.” The sub sounds almost pouty about this revelation, as if he’s pissed off at his past-self for setting such a rule, and Castiel smiles and runs a hand through his hair. “Well, maybe there are non-visible places you can leave them…”
“No, Cas, this has nothing to do with…” Dean begins, then stops, seeming to think better of it. Castiel isn’t sure if it’s just the glint of the lowlight, but Dean’s eyes start to water. “If I asked you to do something, would you do it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“U-uh no, Sir. N-news to me,” he huffs out, a jagged breath as that finger soons become two.
Castiel’s heart pounds, his face softening. He squats low, so his face is closer to Dean’s, and he reaches out with a tentative hand, putting it on Dean’s forearm. “I’m so sorry for everything you’ve been through since you left Purgatory, Dean.”
“Cas,” Dean hisses lowly, “thought I was gonna meet you outside.”
Cas is suddenly at his side, pulling himself on the bed next to Dean, legs crossed and knees bumping. Cas holds out his hand palm up, an offering, and Dean laces his fingers into place, immediately feeling the relief of their bond. Cas is here. Dean is here. And they aren’t going anywhere without each other.
Hello Readers!!!
“If I win, you have to blow me,” Dean retorts, with an eyebrow wiggle of his own. He figures this bet is a win-win for him either way.
In preparation, he decides to take the “Pimpmobile” (as his brother annoyingly named it) through a car wash. It’s one of those automated ones, and he even pays extra to have his tires spot-glossed, though he’s never cared about that sort of thing before. He checks his reflection in the rearview mirror, inspecting his face for blemishes, angling his mouth open to ensure his flossing got the job done. His windshield is covered in sudsy bubbles when he hears the ping of a message coming through his Signal app.
He licked his lips a moment and cleared his throat before uttering the name he hadn’t said in years…
His pet whines softly, almost pathetically, but he mounts his body against Castiel’s right leg. Denim isn’t great for friction but the first brush against his cock makes the sub throw his head back, moaning, kneading back and forth against Castiel’s shin. The dom has never seen someone so needy, so bursting and ready to come that he’s willing to rub one out against someone’s leg. It’s enough to make his erection fully hard, and he unbuttons his jeans and slips denim and underwear to his lower thighs, stroking himself steadily. From his current position, the sub is staring at the dom’s cock as if it’s a prize he wants more than anything in the world, and he whimpers at the sight of Castiel’s fist working himself over.
Castiel nods approvingly. They’ve only been home for about five minutes, but Dean is already looking significantly better now that he’s washed the blood from his face and hands. Between them, Castiel thankfully bears the brunt of the injuries. He knows he should head upstairs and take care of himself, but just the thought of climbing the grand staircase makes his body ache.
one,” Dean says with a mischievous glint in his eye. He begins to rub his bare ass against Castiel’s erection, and the friction on top of the push of Dean’s belly, has the alpha biting back a moan. “No idea why you couldn’t keep your focus, Cas.”
“Certainly. Alastair owns one of the most lucrative mining businesses in the world,” the Brit explains with folded hands. “Bottom line, Castiel—we collectively write him a sizable check, we’re given stock in his company to split, and earn our investment back tenfold.”
When he gets to Castiel’s bedroom he sees the blankets all folded up at the end of the bed and the pillows pushed against the headboard. He feels his Dom move behind him and wrap his arms tight around him, chin resting on his shoulder. “Alright, sweet boy, since you’re 're fairly new at this I am going to tell you exactly what I plan to do with you.”
When he slides inside of Dean, it should be like every other time they’ve done this—immediately hot and tight and
The clothes threw him off as well. Castiel had him in soft sleep pants and a tee shirt, even when they weren’t sleeping, and he was getting far too comfortable with the soft fabric on his skin. It made him feel like a person, and he wasn’t a person, not anymore. Still it seemed to make Castiel happy so he wore them, knowing it was only temporary.
“Kinda have I think,” Dean shrugs, feeling a bit self-conscious about his weakened state. He thinks back to how strong he felt back at Purgatory with Castiel, and he wants that feeling again. If he can get past his fear, that is. “Where did the others go?”
“You're all strapped down,” Castiel tells him, and he blinks his eyes open and tries to ignore the heat he feels rising in his cheeks.
He hears the back door open and close, and then Dean is standing in the doorway. Cas doesn’t turn around until his mate has tucked his mouth against Castiel’s scent gland, kissing him lightly and holding him by the hips.
“Anything else you need?”
“Photos don’t lie.” Castiel rubs a hand over his forehead, the choices ahead of him making his brain feel jumbled. Distantly, a rational part of his brain knows he doesn’t even know who sent this photo—how can he trust this person if they choose to stay anonymous?
He has no idea how to respond to Dean, apart from telling the truth, so he admits hoarsely, “That article was less recreational and more…research-based.”
It takes him a moment to compose himself, because Dean Winchester does not handle this amount emotion well. “I can’t wait to meet her. Gonna have to warn her not to feed you burritos though.”
Dean looks in the rearview mirror—Sam is still asleep, but he keeps his voice low. “Yeah, I was hoping to lay low there for a while. I just need somewhere safe for us.”
“You do, I can see it plain as day, Dean.”
“With pleasure,” Castiel growls, lining up his rock-hard dick and plunging it into Dean’s warm and welcoming hole. He sets a bruising pace this time, one hand gripping Dean’s shoulder like an anchor, the other hand against the mattress—scrambling for purchase as he fucks him hard and fast.
“You didn’t,” Castiel says honestly.
“I am. I have my route picked out and few areas I think will be good to set up camp. Most of it should be low elevation hiking, but the last day will be the hardest to reach the peak I have planned.”
There’s a pang of regret in Castiel’s heart then, thinking about all the other Doms who will get to work with this gorgeous man. But he’s not a trainer anymore, not officially, and he has his paperwork, his research… After today, he can’t get distracted.
The next hour passes in a blur, with Castiel showering and dressing in record speed and then sliding into the passenger’s seat of Hannah’s car as they head towards Copley Square. The traffic is tedious and busy, but nothing they weren’t expecting, and they park a few blocks away, carrying empty tote bags in their arms. The produce is fresh and vividly colorful and Castiel’s stomach growls so loudly that Hannah laughs and nudges them towards a sandwich stand. All the surrounding benches are taken, so they stand against a column and eat their early lunches in companionable silence. He really does enjoy spending time with Hannah—she’s sweet, reliable, kind. An ideal coworker and friend.
. What if he hadn’t? What if his true mate had gone with Dick Roman after all, and been subjected to being sold like a human sex toy?
“So not to sound too much like Ellen here, but when do I get to meet this mystery girl?” Sam has never kept his girlfriends a secret from him in the past and he is starting to worry what it is he doesn’t want Dean to know.
Your flight this evening was cancelled, I was able to book you on a new flight but it leaves at 10:15am today. I have attached your new itinerary and you can check in using the link below. I will let Michael know that you won’t be in the office today. Call me if you have any questions or issues and just leave your key with the doorman for me to pick up.
“What movie?” Dean grabs a few of the buckets from Cas to help him put them in the grain room.
“Me either,” Dean says shakily, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck. “P-please, move, Sir, please.”
It takes Castiel a moment—he was practically beaten to a pulp this evening, after all—before Dean’s tone finally clicks in his mind. “Are you being sarcastic?”
“Cassie?”
Eventually everyone splits up to their tasks for the day. Castiel goes to assist Ellen and Missouri with party planning, while Alfie takes Joshua to a follow up appointment for his hip. Sam heads over to get the information he needs for his summer internship working on Jody Mills’s presidential campaign. After Jody had won a second term as governor she had set her sights higher, with omega reformation one of the biggest ticket items on her campaign.
Dean feels a grin break across his face and laughs out loud. Castiel gives him a perplexed look which only makes him laugh harder. “I’m sorry I ruined it for you. But I’m not sorry you love me.”
“Don’t know what?” Dean chews his bottom lip.
when he remembers that there might not be one.
Castiel knows there are a lot of things he could say, a lot of arguments he could make about
Castiel stares out the window, his jaw tightening. He lets the image of Dean laughing behind the grill ease some of the tension from his shoulders. He doesn’t want to give Luc a single thing he wants, but there’s no need to incur his brother’s wrath over something as small as the guest list. Not when he has Dean’s safety to consider.
“Are you going to invite me in?” Castiel’s grin turns to a smirk, and Dean realizes he’s just standing there staring at the guy.
Seeing Sam so happy and at home, though, brings a smile to his face. The party moves to the kitchen after Ellen, Missouri, and Joshua say goodnight. Jo begins pouring shots, and Charlie and Kevin argue over what drinking game to play while Alfie sits a bit wobbly in his chair. Dean leans on the counter, watching them all as Castiel’s hand moves around his waist.
“Sure thing. I’ll tell Dean you’ll be right down,” she says casually, turning on her heels.
Medic67 8:23 PM <<
“Tall guy, blonde hair, blue eyes. I think his name was Luc.”
“Dean, this is Mister Victor Henrickson. He works for Purgatory Orientation Facility.” The Doctor takes a step back, revealing a handsome black man in a grey suit who had been standing back in the corner until now.
And the fun really begins!
“Gee, thanks. How nice to whip me raw and not ask me to count,” he sneers, ‘cause apparently his mouth is not done getting him into trouble, it seems.
FlyBoy83 8:24 PM >>
“Oh,” Dean says quietly.
“Did your nose lead you here?” Ellen chuckles.
“Do not sass me, boy.” Michael wiggles the remote in front of Dean. He’s just so goddamn tired. His whole body is on edge and his muscles are fatigued almost past the point of responding. He starts to wonder if he really will make it out of here…and if he does, will he even still be himself? He knows he’s not gonna bend, but if he doesn’t, he will break altogether. He can feel it—his mind wants to crack open and just fall into that dark space where nothing matters anymore.
We love you guys so, so much. No joke, we talk and think and write and daydream about this story every single day. We love your enthusiasm for it and wouldn't know what to do without y'all.
“Let's get to it, then.”
“And I love you.” Castiel bends over again, finding the spot behind Dean’s ear that he loves, and sucks until Dean moans breathily. “We’ll figure everything else out, Dean, I promise. We’ll have all the time in the world, if I have anything to say about it.”
FlyBoy83 7:48 PM <<
When Dean finally pulls away, his eyes are puffy and he looks embarrassed, but Castiel has a hand on his back and is rubbing his muscles gently. “How did it happen, anyways?”
Ayyyy, TrenchcoatBaby here. Happy Friday night! So one of my besties and betas is in town, so everyone say hello to the amazing WaywardJenn! CB and I loveeeee youuuuu.
“Not yet, and if you could be gone when he gets here…” He pointedly hands her the coffee, tipping his head to the door.
The blue eyes turn to him now and look over Dean’s face like he's assessing for injuries or something. “I am sure you could have, but you shouldn’t have to.” The man hesitates a second as they stare at each other and fuck, why does he have the sudden urge to drop to his knees in front of this guy?
He feels his chest tighten at the thought of nothing holding the alpha to him anymore. He knows it's for the best. Cas is better off without him, and now he has a choice to leave Dean—guilt free, if he wants.
“You will need a safeword today, Dean. What we will be doing can be intense, and I have no intention of stopping no matter how much you beg,
“Are we ready to begin?” she asks briskly, staring at the three men like a teacher getting a class’s attention. They all nod and she pulls out the first packet. “Well, first thing we will deal with is your father’s estate. As we discussed, Mister Winchester, you still wish to sell the property in Lawrence and the business in order to pay off the debt against your contract? Is that correct?”
This time, when he comes and says Dean’s name, he’s conscious of it—the way his whole body shakes and his voice trembles, husky and vulnerable as if he’s whispering a prayer.
He brings the crop down squarely in the center of the man’s back, and the sub moans quietly at the impact. Castiel doesn’t stop, though, bringing the crop down again and again, always in the same spot, until it’s gone through a dozen swings and the skin is inflamed. He circles the cross then, wanting to make sure his sub’s moans are more pleasure than pain. Sure enough, the man’s head is already heavy and dangling, forehead sweaty, pupils blown wide.
“Scat and watersports?” Castiel supplies, and Dean feels his cheeks flush.
“My perfect bitch, all mine.” Castiel’s deep rumble snarls in his ear and the crowd of people step back, turning to watch. Dean’s cheeks burn fiery red as his hard cock presses into the floor below him.
“Okay,” he manages to croak out, chest filled with some undefined weight. “I’ll sign. Just tell me where.”
“How’s the knee?” Dean asks Jim, seeing him shifting his weight.
Hello hello, our little loves. We're back with another chapter of these guys, and are happy to provide some more escapism from the outside world.
Castiel dives deeper into his father's treachery, and Dean confronts Cain.
“My needy slut would very much like to get hard, wouldn’t he?”
Rage fills Castiel core, hands shaking at his sides at the thought of what pain Dean could be experiencing right now—had Castiel not intervened on a
He takes a quick shower and tries not to think of how hot Mr. Novak had looked last night. All wet and muscled with just a towel over him. Dean can still smell that wonderful woodsy scent that makes his mouth water. He’d tried and failed not to notice the sizeable tent the alpha was pitching under that towel the night before, too. He shivers at the thought of what that monster could do. Dean has his toys for his heats, but none of it ever felt very good and he had a feeling they wouldn’t hold a candle to Castiel—no, Mr. Novak. As he washes himself he lets his fingers dance around his hole, teasing at it. The muscles still ache a bit from his prior heat, only now in a delicious sort of way. He hums at the sensation as his cock starts to perk up.
“You, Sir,” he answers easily.
Dean smiles, shaking his head at his highly intelligent friend being a complete bonehead. The rope had been a great idea, just like jerking off, and he can tell he staved off a potentially shitty day by using them. It’s no replacement for his dom though—the actual warm arms, the caring in his eyes. He feels better knowing his friend is taking care of himself, though surely having a lot less fun than Dean had been.
“You could say that. But it hasn’t been helping as much lately.” He wonders just how much he should really tell this guy.
comment. He wonders just how tall he is, anyway. Dean doesn’t really care if a guy is taller or shorter, but he does like it if he’s strong. He has a thing for thick thighs and broad shoulders. Kinda like his dom. He shakes the thought away and goes back to his signal app.
Charlie’s smile lights up the room. “Okay boss, you can keep him.”
“You look at him like he’s a lot more than that.” Sam crosses his own arms now, not backing down.
“Mmm, you did, my sexy, possessive alpha,” Dean whispers. “Gonna take me upstairs and have your way with me?”
Castiel exhales a small gasp, eyes wide, leaning against the pillows. “How?”
“Dean, are you alright?”
That was Dean’s eighth time over the edge. Castiel blinks, wiping his sweaty brow—wondering if
Cain stands up from the table, coming around to stand in front of Dean. He takes in his height, almost equal to his own. He’s been with so many Doms in his life, one weekend scenes here and there, and never felt these kind of nerves before.
“That would be great.” Dean felt a wave of relief at the prospect of a real job.
, worth taking risks for?”
"You only colored my eyes," he said stupidly.
FlyBoy83 1:08 PM >>
“You,” he starts and has to lick his lips a moment composing himself, “are a goddamn tease.”
“Last time I checked,” she replies stiffly, squinting up at him.
Castiel stands to greet the visitor, outstretching his hand and offering a firm shake.
summon me here, Your Honor,” Castiel replies cheekily, if a bit unhelpfully, and he sighs when she gives him a flat look. “I’m sorry, Billie. I find myself…” He brings a hand up, grasping in the air.
“My legs work!” he laughs.
The sub grunts, eyelids fluttering open. “Time to go?”
“Joshua mentioned that today…how, um, your parents left after Jimmy, but you came back,” Dean says in a quiet voice, grip tightening on their entwined fingers. “You think about him a lot, huh?”
“Maybe one day I’ll see you with a real cock in your mouth, while I’m buried in your ass,” Castiel growls, mostly just dirty talk, though he’s surprised by how turned on he is by this idea. He’s healthily possessive of Dean, more than anyone he’s ever dated or dommed, but his boyfriend loves cock so much that just the image of him being surrounded by more men, mouth stuffed full and hands stroking cocks, makes Castiel feel heady and reckless. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you, slut? Me owning you while you have so many cocks ready for you, you don’t even know what to do with them?”
Every touch is like a balm to his soul, making him feel warm and safe. “S’good,” he mumbles as Castiel eventually sheds his tee shirt and crawls into bed with him, pulling up the blankets over them. Dean thinks he should maybe be a bit embarrassed but he can’t bring himself to care as he lays his head down on Castiel’s chest and slings an arm and leg over him. He doesn’t want to ever let this man go.
“Sam, I’m so sorry for everything you’ve been through lately,” Castiel says genuinely. Even though he’s been heartbroken and sick, in Cas’ mind, it doesn’t compare to what Sam must be going through. Presenting as an omega, being nearly raped, and losing his father in a matter of weeks? Castiel’s mind unhelpfully adds that Sam also lost his sense of stability when Dean took him from the manor in the middle of the night, but he’s trying not to be angry with Dean about that. He surely had his reasons.
Castiel feels slightly dizzy. “Why didn’t you tell me this earlier?”
Ruby stopped by to check in, bringing burnt coffee for them. Sam thanked her, and she leaned over his shoulder, planting a soft kiss behind his ear. A shiver ran down his back, and the breath of her perfume made his head swim.
“I know that look,” Ellie says, startling him from his thoughts.
“Uh, yeah, peachy keen,” he replies, thinking he really needs to take a look at that link Castiel had sent him. They say goodbye to Bobby and head back home. Sam looks happy sitting in the passenger seat of the Impala, head tipped back and wind sweeping through his too-long hair as his arm hangs out the window. He loves seeing Sam like this, relaxed and unworried. So much of his time is spent making sure Sam doesn’t have to worry, at least not about anything but girls and school like it should be.
“Smell so good. God, I’ve wanted you all day,” Castiel huffs, pulling out his fingers. There’s a shuffling and the clink of a belt before a firm hand presses him down hard against the desk, pinning him. Dean whines and wants to wiggle, but he can’t move. “Mine, my sweet, sweet boy.” Castiel thrusts in hard and fast, filling him up and pushing out a cry from Dean’s lips.
“Roman, I don’t have all day.” The man with the dark hair and surprising blue eyes sighs in a deep, rough voice.
CBFirestarter: Is it the same as mine?
embarrass
Castiel chuckles softly, knowing they might be crossing some boundaries today but feeling thankful that they can finally have a frank conversation. “I doubt that’s true,” he jokes.
“Grumpy little jerk, aren't ya,” Dean tries to tease, but it only makes Sam curl in on himself more. “Come on…you need to stay hydrated, remember?”
“Hey man,” Dean greets him, and fast as a whip Victor snatches his wrist and twists it up behind his back, making him gasp in pain and drop his bag. “What the fuck!” he grunts, trying to pull away from the firm hold…but Victor got the jump on him, and he can’t move without dislocating his shoulder. Dean’s cock gives the tiniest twitch of interest at being manhandled—
When Castiel spies Dean by the fence his face breaks into a warm smile. “You could say that. It's why I wanted to get him out for a little this morning.” Castiel digs his heels in as Cash bucks and runs on the line again. All that muscle and power is just mesmerizing, and the horse is pretty impressive too.
His words turned Dean’s veins to ice and he darted a glance at Tessa’s stoic features.
“I’d like to see you try and kick me out,” John huffs as he glares at Dean.
“We won’t be getting your clothes on. Now come, we have much to do and we’re already late,” Castiel replies, with a now smug grin. Dean follows in his wake, with what might now be a permanent blush on his cheeks.
“You can be anything you want, Dean. And you don’t have to be any one thing all the time either. You don’t always have to be the one in control.” Castiel’s words take a second to sink in. He tries to imagine it, but has a hard time picturing it.
They walk swiftly toward the parking garage and locate Alfie parked under an awning, eating a packed lunch and reading a book. They knock on the window and the driver shuffles quickly to unlock the doors, Jo sliding in the front.
answers, buddy.”
Medic67 4:05 PM >>
Dean, ahead of him in line, has his neck craned as his eyes meet Castiel’s. Another head whips around—Sam spots him and waves, flashing him a wide grin. Castiel returns the wave but not the grin, feeling like a bucket of ice water has been poured over him.
“Please, Master.”
Dean nods. “Yup, poor lovesick alpha is just that gone on me.” He wiggles his brows, making Sam bark a laugh.
Victor slides Castiel a copy of Alastair’s resume, and he looks it over carefully, lips pursed as he reads.
“Well, it was light outside when I closed my eyes, and now…” Dean peers through the window, the balcony window black with night. “Probably a few hours.” He shrugs, as if it doesn’t make much difference.
Cas dips the spoon in the soup and holds it in front of him, blowing over the top of the spoon before bringing it to Dean’s lips. It's a little awkward, taking the first bite, but the salty warm soup tastes amazing. It takes a little while for him to eat the whole bowl—Castiel blowing on each bite before feeding it to him, and patting at his chin with a napkin when needed.
“Ten minutes!” Sam yells over his shoulder as he leaves the room. Dean stretches and stumbles to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
“Cas?” Jo asks, voice softer this time.
This fic will always be special to me for so many reasons. Getting to write about horses which have been such a huge part of my life, and sharing some of my experiences as the spouse of someone with PTSD have all really made this fic hit home. Thanks for coming along for the ride.
Dean nods his head, looking groggy. “Can I…um…?” He points down to the pants around his ankles.
“Dean, Dean, Dean, Dean, oh Dean,” Castiel chants in his ear and its a like a benediction, like being enough, being what this beautiful man needs. He falls into darkness then, letting sleep take him.
“Yes, he seems to be a very generous alpha. He has offered to simply take ownership of the properties as payment of your debt, instead of the money. Since the properties are valued at well over the amount owed, this is an acceptable payment method by your contract terms. Mister Novak specifically added in that—if you were to choose this avenue—that any remaining profit made from the sales would be put into a trust for you and your brother.”
“Spit it out, Sam. I got your back.” Dean figures Sam doesn’t need to hear that anymore, but maybe he was wrong judging by the relaxed drop of his shoulders.
“I believe that qualifies as an overstatement.” There’s a wrinkle in the corners of his eyes and Dean just stares for a moment, taking it all in. Cas’ face is warm and soft, eyes happy and bright. It’s so different than his dom persona, so human, so exactly what FlyBoy83 would look like. Castiel stops laughing, catching eyes with Dean, and he can’t believe
“Thank you for coming. Seems my bitch is in heat,” Castiel says, adjusting the vibrator and turning it up higher. Princess cries out, releasing a desperate moan. “She needs a good breeding.”
“Cassie!” his brother calls from the bar. When Castiel approaches, he sees Gabriel is chatting closely with a petite woman, her light brown hair pulled halfway back. “Here he is,” Gabe announces to the woman, “my hunky, mysterious, saves-human-life-on-a-regular-basis baby bro.”
Medic67 11:02 AM <<
“About the contract, Cas,” the omega replies irritably. “You know, the one with the hidden clause or what-the-fuck-ever. The one I signed that gave away all my dad’s assets…”
“I’m afraid I do, darling. If you try to break this contract prematurely, our young, spirited, devilishly handsome Mister Winchester is reverted back to the servitude of the most handsome Dick in town. Well, present company excluded.”
“So alluring,” Castiel mumbles, licking and sucking on the only patch of skin he can currently reach. The song begins over again and his sub is suddenly chuckling above him, his laughs making Castiel withdraw.
"This is not junk, Dean... this is beautiful," Castiel blue eyes were wide as he reached out and ran his fingers over the smooth glass leaves.
“Completely and utterly fucked,” he smiles, “and thirsty.”
“Fuck,” he whispers, clenching his eyes shut and leaning over the bathroom sink. How could he be falling for someone he’s never actually met? And what does this mean for his gorgeous sub, his perfect sub, the man he never intended to give up?
“But I...I never missed any of the school's art shows,” he says, his voice going soft. “I went to every single one.”
He limps a little now toward his own bed, too tired to even take his clothes off. He burrows under the covers, pulling the phone from his pocket. He stares at the voicemails, wondering if he should listen or not. His fingers decide for him and press play on the first one, Castiel’s rough scared voice in his ears.
Castiel clears his throat, busying himself with the stack of papers on his desk, and decides to avoid the question. “I just meant, it’s a common misconception that a dominant has to be physically larger than their submissive. The act of submission has nothing to do with being overpowered, and everything to do with offering your obedience willingly. A dom will be entrusted with your needs and your wellbeing, and that is a gift that should be respected and cherished.”
Sam grips Dean’s shoulders now, staring him square in the face. “Dean, you’re my brother, and I love you. But you can be the biggest idiot I have ever known. Maybe you should stop worrying so much and take a fucking chance and talk to the guy. Face to face, using real names. What’s the worst that could happen?”
Dean doesn’t turn around when he says, “Goodnight, Cas.”
Dean shifted a little feeling the deep desire to soften into Castiel's strength but like always, something held him back. He was beginning to think Castiel was a damn saint, waiting so long for Dean, with nothing more than kissing between them the past few weeks. Dean felt a sudden determination to push just a little further. He stepped up into Castiel's space, pressing their chests together, feeling the long line of hard body against his own. He tipped his head and nestled his nose just behind Castiel ear and pressed a kiss to the soft skin there.
Dean’s eyes open wide. “No, Cas, that’s ridiculous. You can’t give up your career for me.”
“Go ahead. If you wanna go to jail for some stupid, slutty sub, then be my fucking guest,” Alastair snarls, attempting to break free again. John slams his head against the wall and he quiets down, but only slightly, still muttering curses at Castiel’s direction.
“Knew my whore would like that,” Castiel says appreciatively. “Now go and strip. Did you wear a pretty pair of panties for everyone to see?”
“Everyone is gone, and most of the staff has headed to bed... I couldn’t find you.” Castiel’s voice cracks, fear etched on his face.
“A vast majority of these came from my uncle Marv. He was a book collector.”
“All day? But they can see the collar. I’m getting clothes, right?” Wearing a collar in front of his family just seems wrong.
Castiel retrieves the lube as quickly as possible, lubing up two fingers and pressing them in with a practiced confidence. The hole is loose thanks to the rim job, but his sub still moans wantonly at the intrusion. Castiel unzips his jeans with his other hand, the denim falling to his ankles, palming himself outside his boxers. When he feels incredibly stiff, he reaches his hand around and strokes his sub’s cock, already half-hard again.
She hums a low, appreciative sound, and says, “Thank you, Sir,” in a dreamy voice.
Amy looks at him then, brushing her blonde hair behind her ear. “You’d do that for me?”
FlyBoy83 10:29 PM >>
Castiel surges forward, pining Dean to the bed and pressing a substantial kiss to his lips. Dean gasps in surprise and then settles into it, widening the stance of his legs as Castiel settles between them. They kiss, heated and fast, the friction of their lips dry until Castiel licks his way into Dean’s mouth, and then everything is wet and slippery and delicious. Castiel’s heart is pounding in his ears, his cock hardening against Dean’s thigh. Dean whines in the back of his throat, and Castiel realizes with darkening glee that it’s the cock cage trapping Dean’s attempted erection under his jeans. After a few minutes he pulls away to catch his breath and calm his libido, touching his forehead to Dean’s.
It’s a dreary, gray Thursday evening when his office door is thrown open. He glances up from the stack of papers on his desk, completely caught off-guard by the sudden appearance of Pam.
“Nothing. Don’t worry about me,” Castiel dismisses, internally wondering how long he’s going to sound hoarse and strangled.
"Mmmm, I could get used to that," Dean sighed.
Castiel fights the urge to chuckle, though Dean means it with complete sincerity.
to hold on to that hope, though.
Dean shrugs and jokes in an outlandish voice, “I ain’t afraid of no bees.”
“You okay, Cas?” he asks, batting his eyelashes. Castiel glowers at him, fumbling for his wallet.
“Yeah, like friends and family and stuff. It just gets to be so much sometimes, always being the one in charge, you know? Telling everyone what to do?” Dean looks up when he hears Castiel coughing, obviously swallowing his tea wrong. “Hey, you alright?” Dean asks, about to get up when the man waves him back down.
"Jo, how about I do the dishes for you so you can concentrate on dinner? I already have a head start on laundry anyway."
He blinks, realizing he’s been staring off into space and thinking about Dean for several minutes now. He chuckles in a self-deprecating kind of way, realizing he can officially classify himself as a lovesick fool. He’s not even ashamed to admit the hold Dean has over him—at least privately, where their relationship is safely guarded from the outside world.
“It was hard, Master,” the sub admits, his voice shaking. Castiel smooths his hand softly, scratching gently at the man’s scalp and easing away the dull throb.
If he had any doubt of that status, Castiel keeps up a litany of praises the entire time.
Sam chuckles earnestly, looking flattered. “Oh, and, these are my friends from my school—Kevin and Madison.” A dark-haired Asian boy and a pretty brunette wave their hands, and Castiel greets them politely. “This is Castiel, my brother’s, um…”
“Please, just stay and eat for a few minutes, my uh, my girlfriend is coming over.” Sam mutters the last part.
“Early?” Sam gives him a skeptical look. “Dean, it’s nearly ten o’clock… We stayed out til curfew.”
FlyBoy83 12:31 PM  <<
“Hello Sir, we just set the table for you. Welcome, Dean. My name is Becky.” She gives Dean a wide smile, which he returns with a nod.
“Jesus,” Dean wheezes, and Castiel just nods, content to be discussing something he’s so passionate about.
“What’s going on, Dean? You’re being kind of a dick.” Sam crosses his arms in that “we need to talk” kind of stance Dean absolutely loathes. “You know, Jo thinks you’re upset about us with the way you walked off.”
Castiel has a flash of memory—pushing his cock into Dean’s wet and willing hole, so incredibly tight with the vibrator already inside him. It had felt
Castiel hadn't slept a wink the night before and could feel himself nodding off at his desk, waiting for his students to arrive. He blew on his third mug of coffee, willing it to cool enough to drink, listening to the footsteps shuffling through the hall. The college was nearly all Alpha and Beta students, with Omegas only allowed to attend under restrictive guidelines and approvals. Colleges on the east coast allowed more Omegas to attend and there were even a few Omega-only schools up in Vermont.
Castiel swallows and nods. Knowing how proud Dean Winchester is, how his dignity is perhaps the only currency he has available to him, means that Castiel shouldn’t push the issue. “Very well. We have a maid service that comes often, but perhaps you can do some cleaning in-between visits? Particularly in the kitchen, and anywhere else Missouri sees fit?”
Always at the back of his mind now is Cas. Is there anywhere in this potential future that he could carve out space for the man? He can’t see it, can’t see how to make that work, like he has puzzle pieces from all different boxes and he can’t force them all to fit together.
Even after Roman and his associates were locked away in jail, Castiel had an irrational fear that they would somehow escape and head straight for Dean. While they’re all still rightfully imprisoned—including his brother, Raphael, and Azazel, who the police located all those years ago thanks to the anonymous help of Charlie’s GPS tracker—the constant trepidation was difficult to squash. Despite the old handmade dreamcatcher still hanging near their bed, the nightmares continued to haunt Castiel for over two years. It was only through a combination of therapy, meditation, and a lot of truthful conversations with his mate, that Castiel was finally able to banish that particular fear away.
“We can always do that, pet.” Warm lips graze his own, and he stretches up to meet them in a soft and easy kiss. He takes the comfort where he can get it, and for just a little, lets his dom take care of him.
It’s raining now, large and wet pelts showering his head, and he uses his crumpled trenchcoat as a shield as he runs to the front door. He knocks politely at first, but then it rains harder, and he remembers everyone is probably asleep. He pounds harder, more insistently, until the door is finally cracked open. He’s surprised to see the barrel of a shotgun wedged into the threshold.
“Okay,” Castiel says, once the burn of tequila has left his throat, “let’s get this over with.”
“I don’t think you get how big a fucking deal this is. What if Castiel knew? What if he’s known all along!” Even as Dean says the words, though, they don’t ring true.
“Yours, I’m yours, baby,” he whispers back, and they hold each other in the low moonlight, safe in this moment with each other. Castiel clutches him close, and says just under his breath, “What are we going to do?”
“Amy, if you want to get emancipated from her, or you want me to be your guardian like I am for Sam, I will help you do whatever it takes to get you safe, okay?”
he thinks weakly, hoping in some way that the feeling can be transmitted from his body to Dean’s.
By morning he is dressed and ready for his last day in the office when he gets an email from Anna.
This is one of the unexplored kinks they had discussed extensively, and even though he knows his sub has requested this, he wants to offer him the chance to withdraw if he’d like. It can be a dangerous kink if the dom isn’t careful, though Castiel is the epitome of caution. Plus, with his medical training, he knows exactly where the line is when it comes to breath play.
“Glad you’re alright, son,” John says, reaching out to grip Dean’s shoulder. But Dean still seems loopy and unfocused, surprised to find himself surrounded by loved ones.
Medic67 1:06 PM <<
Ellie is already out at the barn in the predawn light feeding breakfast. Without a word Dean and Cas load the cart attached to the tractor with hay and begin getting the paddocks ready. Cas is surprised to see Sam Winchester pull up as he brings out the last horse to put in the paddock.
Happy Friday, friends!! TCBaby here. Y’all should know that CB and I were absolutely floored by the amount of comments we received last chapter. We love hearing from you guys! Honestly, the amount of conversations we’ve had lately about how much we love our readers is like…insane.
Castiel shakes his head, tucking his softening cock back into his boxers and zipping his trousers. “I can’t tell you how sorry I am,” he says gravely, back practically stuck to the wall. He’s scared to get too close to Dean, scared of what he’ll do.
He wakes up in a tangle of limbs under the blanket. He feels a little damp but not sticky and can tell that Cas must have wiped him down. He purrs contentedly and nuzzles against the warm skin under him.
It’s the feeling of goodbye.
Dean's feet are starting to throb and the distance from Cain is making him feel empty and alone in a strange way. He just wants Castiel to tell him what to do—to take away the stress building in his chest. He bites back tears that burn in his eyes and manages to choke them back. “I want to stay,” he answers thickly.
Dean’s eyebrows knit together, a flash of anguish crossing his otherwise beautiful face. It terrifies Castiel.
“Hmm, any relation to a Sam Winchester?”
“Okay, okay. I didn’t go, alright? Those tests don’t know everything and I can take care of myself,” he says, crossing his arms and feeling like he wants to puke.
“Dean, in no universe do you have anything to apologize for… My foolish, pigheaded omega,” Castiel grumps.
“Whichever one makes you sit with me,” Cas says simply, picking up the gift as he spots a bench in a blissfully shady corner. He checks his phone for the time, ignoring a string of notifications from Hannah begging for an update, and sees they only have fifteen minutes remaining in Dean’s break. He leads them towards the bench anyways, though he doesn’t know quite what to say or how to say it.
FlyBoy83 12:04 AM  >>
A surge of adrenaline makes him feel like he could run a marathon and still have residual energy to tear them apart with his bare hands.
Castiel throws open the door to his Lincoln with a frown, titling his head sideways.
Missouri clears her throat, nearly making him jump and realize that he was just staring at his boss. Castiel looks a bit flustered as well, taking a step back from Dean.
Castiel nods with a sad smile, and Dean wishes he knew what else to say.
“So, does that mean it’s ‘unacceptable’ to fuck an omega?” Raphael asks. “To split ‘em open on your knot? Oh, I forgot. You wouldn’t know, would you, Castiel?”
“Perfect perky ass for a little fuck toy. Just waiting for someone to wreck you, make this hole gaping.” The boot lowers and a dry finger presses at his hole and Dean can’t hold back the whimper, feeling his dick twitch in the air. “Nice and tight for such a little slut.” The man walks off toward the corner. “Stand with hands behind your back.” Dean is quick to respond, and he can tell the man is testing his obedience.
He unfastens the ball gag next, rubbing Dean’s jaw gently to work out any soreness. Finally, he undoes the wrist and ankle cuffs, attempting to help Dean walk to the bed before finally deciding to carry him bridal style.
The subject seems closed the moment Ellen walks through the doorway, carrying a hefty casserole dish containing a cheesy red lasagna. Castiel spends the rest of dinner overloading on carbs and having a conversation with Jo about beginning the hiring process soon for a new head of security. Castiel used to think that their surveillance cameras and nightly alarm systems were enough, but now that the Winchesters are staying under his roof, a little extra precaution couldn’t hurt.
, this is terribly unethical, and anyways, he didn’t become a dom without having an excellent poker face. So, he grips the door handle and waits for Dean to pass.
After downing some Tylenol and looking like a bear out of hibernation, Castiel had locked himself in the bathroom to take a very long shower. Dean was a little disappointed he didn’t get an invite, but he doesn’t think Castiel was firing on all cylinders after his night out.
“Good boy, you are doing so well for me,” Castiel purrs above him.
“Yeah, but it’s okay. I only got asked that about a million times at dinner.”
He has a few unread messages from his coworkers—his group message with Hannah, Anna, Inias, and Balthazar is blowing up tonight. He skims through it, seeing that Anna had a younger patient require in-flight critical care…her third minor this month. He sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. Maybe he’ll bring her a coffee tomorrow morning to cheer her up.
“It was very nice to meet you, Dean. I look forward to helping you with the next steps soon.” Chuck gives him a wide smile.
Dean releases a small gasp of surprise, then throws his head back, kissing Castiel passionately for a long, long time.
“Kiss me?” he says without thinking, and before he can second guess himself lips are pressing onto his. They feel warm on his cold skin and the brush of stubble against him is a fucking amazing kind of burn. He feels teeth nip at his lower lip and he gasps as Castiel chuckles, planting one more soft, chaste kiss and pulling back. His eyes blink open and Castiel’s hand drops its grip on his jaw, turning to cup his face, and heaven help him, he leans into it. Such a small touch, and a kiss and he feels completely unglued.
, and Castiel throws his head back, allowing himself to focus on the sensation of Dean beneath him, in him, all around him. Castiel’s thighs ache but he keeps going, his rhythm pounding like a drum, his heart hammering like the cock pistoning in and out, in and out.
“Y-yes, I imagined all the ways you would make me come.” He’s panting now, whining and shifting, his desperate eyes staring up at Castiel, pupils blown wide. “Please Master, please…”
Gabriel rolls his eyes. “In a relationship. Duh.”
“Cas, please.” He feels the alpha's cock head brush over his hole, a light and teasing touch. He feels Cas chuckle against the nape of his neck as a hand slowly crawls up his stomach, easing toward his chest till a thumb circles his nipple. He pants and whimpers as the hard body behind him gently works him over with light touches that only scratch the surface of his need. He thinks he may go mad with lust, if there is such a thing. Castiel hand cups his chest, twists his nipple harder as he presses wet, sinful kisses to his neck and continues to rut between his cheeks.
