"I do," Cas said, retrieving his wallet and shaking out three coins.  He gave one to Ben, one to Dean, and kept one for himself.
"Dean," Castiel started, but Dean was already jogging back to the car. He turned back to the books and amused himself until Dean returned.
, but there was so much that Dean didn't want to talk about.  He'd opened up to Cas about stuff he'd never spoken about to
The glass in her hand fell to the floor, but she seemed not to notice as it smashed at her feet.  "What?"
He looked like he wanted to say something else but didn't, so Dean let out the breath he'd been holding.  That hadn't been so hard.  But he still wanted to smack Balthazar one in his smug face.  "Sure."  He turned to head over to the bar and found Castiel standing behind him, grinning.  "What?"
The next time she spoke, it was with a softer tone.  "I see a lot of old drunks waste their lives staring down the length of a bottle - you're too young to turn into one of them.  You've got your whole life ahead of you."  When Dean said nothing, she let out a defeated sigh.  "Shift your butt into gear, Winchester.  The sooner you sign the paperwork, the sooner you get out of my sight."
"It could be from both of us, of course," Cas told him, his fingers tracing patterns across Dean's shirt.  "After all,
When Dean was sure Castiel was finished, he agreed.  "Yeah, you do.  And I'm sorry.  I'm just not used to having to think about how what I do affects other people."
Dean opened and closed his mouth, wondering if Castiel would lose his virginity when he bottomed, or—  He swallowed.  —topped.  Or maybe it didn't matter?
Dean's tone was cautious, and Castiel irrationally wondered how many times a former lover had banished him to the sofa.  It was an absurd thought of a man who favoured one-night-stands.  But the offer was tempting...
Dean took a breath.  "A guy at work was cracking jokes about my ass, and I didn't like it."  He scratched just above his ear, and looked at her.  "What are you thinking?"
Hidden from Ben's view for the next few minutes, Cas leaned in closer.  "He's a great kid," he told Dean.
Creaking bedsprings on the other side of the door alerted Dean to the fact his brother was now awake, so he exited the bathroom to a cry of, "DEAN! It is too early and I am not hung-over enough to be faced with
"That's okay.  I should have known better than to trust him to pass it on.  As long he's there, and in one piece."
Castiel turned on his heel and moved to the kitchen where he fought back tears, quiet fury thrumming under his skin.  He told himself that Dean didn't mean it; that Dean was just lashing out because he was hurting.  But it didn't stop the anger surging through him.
Dean tried to stop himself from closing his eyes.  The couch was so comfortable...  "I can see why."
, yeah.  At the time?  Not so much.  Look, just be patient, and talk to him.  Try to get through that thick head of his.  Anyway I'll, uh, try his cell.  I'm sure things'll work out."
Momentarily caught by Castiel's loving gaze, Dean didn't notice Ben appear at first.  "Hey, there he is!" Dean grinned.  "Hey, buddy!" he greeted Ben, throwing his arms around the boy.
They eventually got Ben and his belongings into the car and set off for the airport.  Halfway there Dean panicked, thinking he'd left Ben's ticket and passport on the kitchen counter.  He'd been about to do an illegal U-turn on the highway when Cas calmly informed him that he'd picked them up and they were in his jacket pocket.  Not satisfied until he'd seen them, Cas took them out and waved them at him.
Eventually Dean grew less withdrawn; would seek Cas out for a hug, a kiss, or even just a touch.  He became more conversational again, and while it was clear that Dean was still hurting Cas was glad that it was getting a little easier to live without Bobby.
Easter was still a few weeks away, but he couldn't wait for Ben to arrive.  He just hoped that he and Cas would get on alright, because he didn't want to have to choose between two of the people that meant the most to him.
He screeched as icy water hit his skin, jumping back so quickly he slipped and almost lost his balance.  Gasping in shock, he fumbled with the knob as he sought desperately to stop the cascade of cold water.  Well, that was certainly
"Not at all," Castiel replied, taking another small bite of his burger. Dean looked at him disbelievingly as he chewed and swallowed before continuing. "I find it very fascinating to hear you discuss your work. It is obviously something you are very passionate about."
"No, you're fine," Balthazar assured him.  He quickly listed names and pointed at various people, and Castiel tried his best to take them all in.  "And this is Meg," Balthazar announced, as if he was leaving the best for last.
?" he asked.  "I know I don't deserve to be asking anything of you right now, but I'd really like it if you and Ben could get along."
"Well then, happy birthday.  I hope you left that car of yours at home if you're planning on having another of those," she warned, nodding at the beer in his hand.
"That...  That I should..."  Castiel started shaking.  He was cold and he was tired and Dean didn't hate him.
Dean shrugged in exasperation.  "Fine!  I don't know, I just thought this place might be more your type."
Cas stared out of the window as Dean drove them to work.  The bitter part of his mind protested that Dean shouldn't have to
"Sorry, sorry, sorry!" Dean apologised through barely-held-back laughter, as if afraid that Cas might not find the situation amusing.
"I'm sorry," his friend sighed.  "I just don't want to see you compromise yourself for a man who might not be able to give you what you want."
When Castiel walked back into the apartment later that afternoon, he greeted Dean with a hug.  "This place smells fresh," he commented.  The smell of polish had hit him as soon as he'd walked in the door, and the living room was practically gleaming.
"We could do that," Cas said.  "Why don't we head down to the library this afternoon, borrow a computer, and go through them all?  We can choose the best ones to print out, then get two copies made of each."
Cas kissed him, moving before he realised what he was doing and bumping their noses together.  "I love you, Dean.  I want anything and everything with you, but only when you're ready."
"This was my treat, Pamela," Cas told her.  "I'm sure it's not appropriate, but I just want to say thank you for everything you've done for me.  And are still doing."
"Yeah," Dean agreed, because it wasn't a lie.  Well, maybe only a white one.  The Lincoln was technically his.  "But I think - no, I
It struck him as the sort of comment Castiel would usually huff a small laugh at, but apparently not today.
"No," Cas said seriously.  "Just the usual cold callers; pestering us about accidents we haven't had, or urging us to take advantage of suspicious-sounding 'investment opportunities'."
"I was half asleep and dreaming," he explained, echoing Dean's words.  "Except I wasn't.  Not really.  I just... forgot... for a moment."
"These make me really happy," Cas said, and he hummed in satisfaction. If it was possible, the second one was even better than the first.
The text blurred on the laminated page as Dean's focus shifted to eavesdropping on their conversation.
"No," Dean said softly, running his fingers up and down Castiel's arm.  "I just didn't peg you for the cuddly type."
Dean moved out of Castiel's lap and tried desperately to think of something - anything - that could alleviate Castiel's worries, and promised himself that he'd try harder with Pamela.  Then something dawned on him.  "Do you remember that stupid photoshoot we did at the garage?" he asked, looking at him.
"We managed before you got a job, you know - we could manage again if you wanted to focus on your studies."
Her conflict stoked the fire of hope in his gut, and he licked his lips.  "I know I've asked this before, but..."
Another low-budget movie - this time about a ghost shark - and a few more beers later, Dean tossed his empty beer bottle aside, feeling pleasantly buzzed.
other sexualities out there.  I'll let you take some leaflets home with you that you can read in your own time, when you're ready.  And then, when you feel you are able to, we can talk some more about it.  Or not," she added, when self-conscious embarrassment clouded his features.  "It's entirely up to you."
Cas arched his back, practically whining as he rubbed back against Dean.  Then he felt the tremor in Dean's hand as it stroked down his side.
Dean raised an eyebrow.  "I get that you were at a really low point, but you're young and you've got your whole life ahead of you!"
so easy your first time without any preparation!" he advised with a grin, trying to lighten the mood a little.
"No, I don't," Sam said honestly.  "But I don't mind setting the table for three, if that's what you want."
"I should probably text Balthazar and tell him what happened," Castiel said once Dean had him settled on the sofa.
"Okay, okay," Jo sighed, holding her hands up in defence, "but my point is you seem to spend an awful lot of time with Dean and it's not healthy.  Maybe if you went out more with these friends of yours, you'd stand a chance of finding someone you like better than Dean?"
"Benny likes foreign women.  The last one he got serious about was Greek, but she got deported.  Overstayed her visa or something.  I go for women who are out of my league, which is why I've been single most of my life.  I don't know about Dean.  He doesn't really talk to us, much, but you can tell when he's gotten laid the night before.  I'd say his type was simply 'female', but his bed seems to have been pretty empty, lately, if you know what I mean?"
They hurried to a bus stop, neither willing to walk back home in the rain that was hammering down.  Dean was trying to protect his poster by tucking it inside his jacket, but he had a feeling it was just going to be even more creased by the time they got home.
When Dean's arm snaked around his waist as soon as he was under the covers, Castiel began to relax immediately.  He stroked his fingers along Dean's strong, freckled arm.  In response Dean nuzzled contentedly into his neck, his stubble scratching against his skin.
Castiel's shoulders slumped slightly, and Dean noticed. A hand subconsciously moved to rub the back of his neck. Of course Castiel was disappointed – just because he thought Dean was kind didn't mean he wanted to spend all day hanging out with Dean. Or all weekend. "Well, I mean, if you want to do whatever by yourself I've got some stuff I could do, I'm sure, and—"
"And if anyone wants to use one of the private study rooms, they need to make an appointment.  It doesn't matter if a room isn't being used - it can't be used unless it has been booked."
As Castiel took the knife and started on his pumpkin, Dean rolled up his sleeve and dug his hand inside.  "You want to get all the crap out first," Dean said.
Despite himself, Dean chuckled.  Which was probably the point, he acknowledged, as some of his building tension slipped away.
His walk grew to a jog, then a run, as he saw his bus coming.  He panicked for a moment as it passed him, but that panic turned to relief when it pulled into the empty bus stop up ahead.  That meant it was Hannah at the wheel; the nicest of the bus drivers he knew drove this route.
He shot to his feet when the door opened, barely registering the surprise on Pamela's face before blurting out, "I just need five minutes."  So much for sweet-talking...  "Please."
gross," Dean declared when they were lying together, breathing heavily, the mess of their shared release on their stomachs.
that got lost between his lungs and his lips when he was caught off guard by just how close Dean was, he was acutely aware of the half-second during which Dean's eyes dropped to his mouth, the tip of his tongue slipping out from between his lips to skim across his lower lip.
"God doesn't give us challenges we cannot overcome; though some would probably overwhelm us if we had to face them on our own."
"Aren't you going to be early for your appointment?" Cas asked as Dean pulled up outside the restaurant he was meeting Balthazar at for lunch.
"...you trade your passion for glory.  Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past, you must fight just to keep them alive..."  As the fresh air hit them, Dean choked back a sob.  "You must fight just to keep them alive," he repeated in a mumble.
Dean's cheeks grew warm and he leaned forward to grab his beer.  After taking a long sip, he set it back on the table, index finger running around the rim as he stared into the half-empty glass.  "What?  You want me to tell you about the little things?  Like the way he tilts his head when he's confused?  Or that when he smiles it's like the freakin' sun?  Or maybe you want to know how smart, forgiving and friggin'
Castiel swallowed, skin tingling and his lips parting at Dean's touch.  Dean couldn't really be about to do what Cas thought he was going to do - could he?  It
"You have a right to be angry," Cas told him calmly.  "And I understand if you don't want to put my name on the lease anymore.  Or want me to leave - Balthazar's going to France for the summer.  I'm sure he could use a housesitter."
Castiel bit back an aroused smile at the image Charlie's words put in his head, hoping his cheeks weren't as red as they felt.
"I'm going to make as many as I can between now and winter.  Then the church will give them out to those in need.  Others are making hats, and gloves, and even socks.  But I'm just learning so I'll stick to scarves.  Rectangles are easy.
"It's true!"  Dean laughed hollowly.  "I've fucked up every relationship I've ever had - Lisa, Ben, Sam,
Dean tried to recall what had happened the night before.  He remembered storming out of the Roadhouse, drinking, and playing pool - he won himself a pretty nice watch off some stuck-up student.
Dean wasn't going to win this argument, but he wasn't going to acknowledge that Cas was right, either.  Instead of talking, he licked his lips and closed them around Castiel's left nipple.  When the angel let out an arousing moan, he gently scraped his teeth across the sensitive nub.
call her office, but he didn't want to burden her.  Although, she'd likely remind him that that's what she was there for.  He couldn't call Balthazar, for his friend wasn't supportive of his relationship.  He knew it wasn't supposed to be this complicated, but he had to believe it would get better.
"Eh."  Dean shrugged off his thanks and went to buy Balthazar a drink.  As he reached the bar, however, he let himself smile as he glanced over his shoulder at Cas.  It was crazy how something as simple as making Cas happy could make
past his lips.  It was still a concept he was trying to get his head around after all these years.  "It's complicated," he settled for.
Castiel reached for his own glass.  "Here's to you, for working so hard on your therapy; to me, for getting a new job; and to us, because we've come so far," Cas said, lightly clinking his glass against Dean's before they'd both finished their drinks.
Dean's mouth opened and closed several times, before he said, "Sorry I took you to a strip club with chicks."
"Yet your relationship with him doesn't sound irreparable if he's still helping you out financially," Pamela pressed.
"That's an understatement," Cas said, but there was humour in his eyes.  "I want to go full steam ahead and you're at a dead stop."
"No, not me," Dean dismissed the idea, because he didn't see himself as the type of person to be guiding people in life.
Castiel lay back and closed his eyes, allowing himself to get lost in the sensation of Dean's caress.  "So much, Dean.  I want you
Cas sat in silence, picking at the sesame seeds on top of his bun while Dean ate.  "Balthazar and I argued," he announced out of nowhere.  "Again."
"I didn't think anything of it.  It was creepy, but it was just a dream.  Then just a little while ago I was talking with Cas, and it came back to me.  But different."
Once Ben had grated the carrot, Cas pulled a plastic knife out of God-knows-where for Ben to chop the lettuce.
Having seen the episode twice before, however, Dean found his attention starting to wander.  About three feet across the room to where Cas was sitting, to be precise.
"Gee, I don't know, Cas," Dean snapped.  "Do you want to?  Or are you just going to leave after the party's over and ignore me for another year?"
Castiel softened.  "I was worried about you.  Yes, I'm mad, but most of all I'm relieved - relieved that you're
"'Cause Cas and me, we're..." he gestured wildly, before trailing off when he realised what he'd been about to blurt out.
He tugged down, and a second later Cas's fumbling hands were helping, pushing them down until he could kick them off.  Cas paused with his hands on Dean's underwear, silently seeking permission as their eyes met.  Dean simply raised his hips, and Cas pulled them off smoothly.
Castiel's eyes narrowed.  "I have no idea what that means but just because I think she's a nice person doesn't mean that I am interested in pursuing a relationship with her."
with Cas.  They'd made out in front of the TV, snuggled a little in bed, but no more than usual.  More than before they'd cleared the air, though.  He may not have acknowledged it out loud, but he wasn't dumb enough to miss the way that Cas had been turning away from him in bed.  He was glad he'd eventually
Dean just stared at him sullenly, and they ate their pie in silence.  It was a pretty miserable ending to an otherwise lovely evening.  They'd come so far, both of them, that it didn't seem fair to be made to feel that they were wrong to fall in love.
Castiel gently shifted closer to him until their thighs were barely touching, and he rubbed a soothing hand between Dean's shoulder blades.
"I'm sorry," Cas called after him, almost immediately.  "Ben, I'm sorry!"  He shot a helpless look at Dean, who couldn't meet his eyes.
"Thank you," Cas smiled.  He sat up a little straighter in his seat and said, almost proudly, "Dean, this is Balthazar."
"He was good-looking, and I was... I was...  Oh, I was a horny teenager, okay?" Cas said, sounding embarrassed.  "I couldn't control my... bodily reactions."
The two women came to a stop in front of them.  Ellen looked from one to the other, seeing their miserable expressions. "Did we interrupt something?" she asked coolly.
"I...  I find myself disagreeing with a lot of what I have been taught is right."  He licked his lips nervously.  "Father Reynolds teaches a more open and accepting version of God's word.  I don't always know what to think any more."
"Yes.  But...  I guess I'm a little afraid of what you'll find."  Last night's nightmare still plagued his mind.
Castiel looked in the cart. "I could put some of this back if you think your brother's money isn't going to be enough. I do not wish to impose on you."
Dean's hands gripped Cas's hips, grinding against him as he licked into his mouth.  By the time Castiel's tongue finally danced alongside his own he was hard in his panties, a damp stain turning the green material almost black.
Cas moved to look over his shoulder, but quickly aborted the movement when pain shot up his neck.  Slowly, he turned around.  "As nice as it was to wake up to this," he told Dean, cupping his face with his clean hand, "it's tempting to move back to the couch as it's
While she was busy schmoozing the sharply dressed man on the other side of the stage, Dean reached into his pocket for his phone.  A quick check showed that there was no word from Cas; the message being from his operator asking him what he thought of his cell coverage.  He deleted the message without a thought, turning his wandering attention back to the stage.
Dean laughed emptily. "True." When he saw the man was waiting for more, he elaborated. "I was on my way home."
"That's sexist," Cas chided.  But then, to Dean's relief, he snorted.  "Who do you think taught me?  There's a lovely group of women at the church—"
"The course covered office management, advanced software skills, and bookkeeping, amongst other things."
"But I am under no illusion that my feelings for you - whatever they are - are returned."  Okay, so that wasn't the
While there wasn't a lot of room to shower together, there was even less to stand side-by-side at the sink.  Dean had taken his turn at the sink while Cas got dressed and put the coffee pot on.  Slightly more awake now that caffeine was buzzing through him, Cas kept a careful eye on the razor in the mirror as he swept it across his skin, rinsing it under the tap before repeating the motion.
Jo frowned at him, and shook her head pitifully.  "Mom wasn't 'second best' to Karen.  Just like Bobby wasn't second best to Dad.  Especially at their age, it's not about finding 'The One' - if there even
As Castiel left her office after his appointment, he scanned the street for the Impala.  He'd arranged for Dean to meet him afterwards so they could shop for Thanksgiving dinner, and it was something he was irrationally excited about.  The familiar black car pulled out of a parking spot a few yards up the street as he looked, and he slid easily into the passenger seat.
Only the temptation of a free drink stopped him from saying no.  "Alright," he said, dropping the cue ball and his cue on the pool table.  As he sat down, he could see the students on the other side of the room eyeing up the table.  He glared at them for a long moment, before nodding his head at the table.  In a blink they were crowded around it, jostling each other as they set up for a game.
Dean worked hard all day, losing his shirt before lunch in the sweltering summer heat – it felt like the sweat was pouring off him.  His stomach was started to grumble, and he reckoned it must be near lunch time.  Well, he'd stop for food once he was finished up here.
Dean got the feeling he was fighting a losing battle.  "Okay, fine.  But we'll do work it out by ratio of income."  He frowned in confusion when Castiel started chuckling.  "What?"
"I need to get some air," Cas told him, grabbing his jacket.  "Please don't follow me, I can't…  I don't want be around you just now."
music.  He turned the radio on - an annoying jingle for Biggerson's playing - and made himself comfortable on the cushion he placed on the floor.
, but every year the guys from the garage come here for Christmas drinks and, more often than not, get completely smashed," she explained.  "Dean, of course, doesn't join in the fun because he's an anti-social dick when it comes to the jolly holidays.  Of course his
He didn't know why he was telling her, but he found himself saying, "I've got an appointment to talk to someone after my shift."
Once he'd finished wiping down the sink, he hung the cloth over the tap and dried his hands.  Before joining Cas and Ben in the living room, however, he retrieved a few slips of card from his jacket pocket
He thought he could make out a figure in the water, but if he leapt in now he could get them both killed. He knew the river widened out up ahead, and the water wouldn't flow so fast there. If he could just keep up with Castiel as he was swept downstream, he'd have one chance to haul him out of the water. He shoved rogue branches out of his way as he leapt over exposed tree roots, and stumbled over several slippery rocks. The current was actually drawing a floundering Castiel nearer to the shore, so Dean waded into the shallows to make a grab for him.
Dean's tried to process what Castiel had just said, but he got distracted by Castiel's obvious discomfort and awkwardness as he said sexy – with air quotes. It was kind of hilarious.
Except Bobby was dead, Ellen was grieving, Jo was supporting her mother, Andy and Benny were fearing for their jobs, and Sam was hundreds if not thousands of miles away.
Castiel's face fell as he realised he'd hit a nerve.  Dean was beautiful - and certainly not fat, despite the amount of junk food he devoured - so why did he seem to be so self-conscious about his stomach?  "I'm starving," he declared, guiding Ben back inside again.  "What's on the menu?"
"Just what you've told me."  She glanced down at her notes and smiled.  "You know how this works, Dean," she smirked, waving her notepad teasingly at him.  "You show me yours, and I'll show you mine."
As she laughed at something he'd said, she rested a hand on his arm.  His eyes were drawn to it, warm and soft on his skin.  As she fell silent, his eyes followed her hand as she stroked his arm.
Dean turned his attention away from the dent, clutching his chest dramatically with a sigh.  "Cas, man, you're breaking my heart here!" he declared, heading towards the bathroom.  "Just let me shower and eat, then I'm all yours."
"'Too fast'," Dean scoffed, because he'd waited longer by far with Cas than with anyone else.  He pulled his hand out of Castiel's, and draped his arm across his face.  "I'm sorry, Cas."
"To think there was a time I'd have been afraid to watch this," Cas said, happily, shoving the last mouthful of pie into his mouth.
Dean snorted, rolling his eyes.  "She's like the Devil's daughter, Cas.  That woman would have a man like you for breakfast."
.  But I can't afford to be messed up when I've got this place to take care of, and a daughter to look after."  She finished her drink while Dean took in her admission.  "You know, I watched
This was the way it had been with Lisa.  Things had been fine, at first, then they'd started to argue.  Over the little things, because she hadn't wanted to address the bigger things.  His drinking.  Was that the way he and Cas were going to be?  Arguing over the little things, because Cas didn't want to address the bigger ones - like his inability to commit fully to Cas, or 'internal conflict' as Pamela had put it?  The realisation should be a sign - a sign to work harder to make everything right before he inevitably fucked it all up.  Jeez, that was why he was washing up alone, wasn't it?  A way of apologising to Cas for maybe nearly killing the damn stray he'd brought home one day.
"Maybe put some nice music on, and open a bottle of wine," Andy continued.  "Then we've got some fancy oils and we're going to give each other a
"No, you're not," Cas told him calmly.  "I called Benny.  He wasn't too happy about it, but he agreed to swap his morning off with yours."
He jerked away from her touch.  "I need to urinate," he stuttered, before sidling out of the row and all but running down the stairs and out into the corridor.  He walked into the toilets in a daze and locked himself in a cubicle.
to him - that he'd want the freedom to leave again when he finally realised that his life with Dean wasn't enough for him.  When their dad had died and they'd inherited the contents of his storage unit, Sam had wanted nothing to do with it.  He'd wanted nothing to do with their father, and hadn't wanted to be tied to Dean by John's things.
Castiel was obviously trying not to sound as upset as he felt, and Dean felt a little guilty for being too short with him.
Then Dean could see where he'd fucked up.  "Not my best idea, huh?" he asked, an unsure smile tugging at the corner of his mouth
For a second she looked puzzled, almost as if trying to work something out, but then she laughed.  "If you put a picture of Dean up on the site, I can guarantee a lot more
Sam did in rehab - just that the very fact he was there meant Dean had failed him.  And Sam's comment about meditation reminded him that he still hadn't tried it, despite Pamela's recommendation.
At the end of the day Dean hovered awkwardly at the door to the office, not saying anything, and it took Cas a moment to register his presence.
Balthazar laughed.  "It's an expression, sweetie.  It means there are more men out there for you to choose from, once you get over this one."
...  But it's an old car; there's always room for improvement," Dean hedged, before changing the subject.  "What are you thinking for dinner?"
Also my brain's kind of fuzzy at the moment because I'm full of the cold, so apologies if I've missed any glaringly obvious typos.
You should never gamble more than you can afford to lose, and that was a lesson Dean doubted he'd ever learn.  He settled in the driver's seat of the Impala and sat there for a long while, hands gripping the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles turned white.  As it sank in just how much money he'd thrown away, he felt like he might throw up.  He always paid his rent as soon as his paycheck came in, but other bills weren't due until the end of the month, not to mention four weeks of food to buy.  He thumped his forehead against the wheel, groaning when it hurt more than he thought it would.
Dean tapped his fingers on his thigh, counting out the letters in the first word that came to mind.  "You mean a jalopy?"
"I got you something," Dean interrupted as he opened up the trunk, pulling out a baseball and glove.  "I thought we could toss the ball like we used to."
Neither heard the faint ding that told them the elevator had reached their floor, and they pulled apart when someone cleared their throat.  Dean's eyes widened when they landed on the building manager.
When they'd gone to the beach and visited the small aquarium, Cas had been really into the fish.  And the bugs at the museum.  See?  He
"No I wasn't, I only had—"  He stopped, realising that Cas was offering him a way out.  He could take it, or he could ignore it.  He could tell Cas that he wasn't drunk.  That it wasn't a mistake, and that he wanted to do it again.  He could admit to Cas that he was scared.  That he had no idea what he was doing.  That he had feelings,
Castiel laughed, his gaze falling to the cigarette burning in Balthazar's hand.  The curl of smoke seemed to beckon him closer.  "Can I..?" he asked, pointing at it.
There were two cafés in the zoo, according to their map, so they headed for the nearest one - their path taking them past the lions and tigers.  Their enclosures seemed small to Cas, but provided them with foliage, water, and toys.  They sprawled leisurely in the shade, regarding their admirers with lazy superiority.
"You're not the only one who needed to clear their head," Castiel continued over him.  Dean didn't know if he was even listening.  "I don't know what happened last night, but I'm sorry."
Watching Balthazar push the cart around the supermarket was very different from watching Dean, Cas mused.  Whereas Dean's grumbling about the length of time it took to get 'round the shop tended to increase the further down their shopping list they got, Balthazar was more laid back and took take his time.  His list contained only the essentials - milk, bread, eggs, laundry detergent - while he was content to make up the rest as he went along, depending on special offers or simply whatever took his fancy.
"Exactly," Pamela chuckled.  "Keeping a journal can also be helpful.  The physical closing of the book acts in a similar way to the visualisation process I described - putting your thoughts aside for later.  Just make sure you
" Castiel repeated in shock.  "I don't understand how you can say that, after all you've done for me.  Do you think that Sa..." Castiel trailed off before he could finish.
Andy laughed.  "You two almost sound as if...  No, never mind.  Oh, brilliant!"  he exclaimed as Castiel disentangled one more cable and the remaining ones fell loose.
"It's no excuse for putting that on you."  He cleared his throat.  "Do, ah, you want to talk to Ben?"
Shaking her head sadly, she slipped the cap off a bottle of beer and placed it in front of him without being asked.
With a sudden bout of determination, he wrestled the zip of his bag free, breaking it in the process, and pulled out a fresh t-shirt and a rather ratty pair of old jeans. He stared at the broken zip.
She moved in front of the pole, grabbing it above her head and sliding down, the wide spread of her legs leaving little to the imagination.  A wild strand of thick dark hair fell in front of her face as she plucked the offered dollar from his fingers, and for a split second their eyes met.
Dean just glared at her, and she howled with laughter all the way back to the bar.  Cas patted Dean's knee in solidarity.
Dean was positively glowing at Santa's words of praise.  Thighs already complaining, unused to this position, Dean rode Santa's cock desperately as if afraid he'd change his mind.
"Awesome!" Dean liked a good curry, but he was a bit wary of the butternut squash. He'd never had it, and really didn't want to disappoint Cas over his first cooking attempt for the two of them. He frowned and tentatively tried a mouthful. His eyes widened at the heat and he hurried to the fridge to grab a cold beer.
"Isn't it a little early for you to be drowning your sorrows?" she pressed lightly, caution lacing her tone.
"It's okay," Castiel said, holding up a hand to silence him.  "It's true.  But please refrain from calling my father a 'dick'.  That's just rude."
me.  But you let him fly across the country when I haven't seen him in years.  I might not show it very well, but I love him."
In retaliation, Dean picked up a piece of roast potato and threw it at Cas.  It bounced off his chest and landed on his plate, splashing gravy up his white shirt.
" before apologising for telling Dean what he could and couldn't do, but insisting that he was only concerned for Dean's health. (He wasn't too impressed when Dean joked that he got his vegetables on pizza.) However, they quickly fell into a routine that involved Castiel seeing something and deciding what he could cook with it, and then asking Dean if it sounded like something he liked, or would like to try, eating, but the time they were halfway round the store the contents of the cart were probably five times what Dean would usually buy for himself.
Castiel continued his journey down the last few aisles, locating the last items on the list and adding them to the cart, periodically checking around him to see if Dean had returned.  It was silly, but Dean's absence was making him anxious.  Once finished, he passed time remarking the gaudiness of several brightly coloured turkey hats, when a voice in his ear made him jump.
Castiel stared at him.  "The shopping list?  The one I called to say I'd forgotten and could you please bring it with you?"
"I didn't want you to feel bad about me spending money," Castiel said.  "I remembered you talking about it a while back."
Dean grit his teeth, and his jaw clenched visibly.  "Don let the cat out of the box until we get home."
He put the last of the dishes away in the cupboards and made his way to the living room, making sure to shut Chuck Norris in the kitchen when he left.  Dropping down onto the sofa beside Castiel, who had his nose buried in the newspaper, he dropped his head back and sighed.
"I'll go rustle us up something for dinner, 'kay?" Dean said, happy to let Ben and Cas share some time together.
The fresh air tired Cas out, and when Dean left the soup to simmer he found Cas snoring with a half-completed crossword in his lap.  He smiled to himself as he put the book on the table and draped a blanket over him.
"And maybe I'll even let you pay me back for those clothes you keep bugging me about."  He tacked on an overly dramatic sigh for effect.
bad, though it certainly wasn't good.  Dean found me..."  He struggled to find the words, unwilling to admit just how far he'd fallen.  "...during a low point, and took me home with him.  What about you?"
Castiel didn't know how to respond to that, because the only level of intimacy he'd ever had was with his own hand, and he didn't think that sex was something that should be shared with more than one other person at a time.  It was an act of love, giving yourself completely to someone else.  Whooping and whistling jolted him from his thoughts and Castiel knew that the women on stage had removed the last of their clothing.
"Don't cut straight down or it'll fall in," Dean instructed as he made a notch. When Cas stared at him, Dean added, "What? It helps show how to put the thing back on."
Dean tried and failed to stifle the involuntary groan that escaped his lips, aware that Castiel was still staring at him. Instead he covered it by clearing his throat. "Chastity?" he repeated. "Wow! That's a
He slammed down the hood and wiped his hands off on his overalls. "Bobby, that's me done!" he announced as he dropped the keys back into the office.
Dean settled back down.  "One yawn, and this goes off so you can get some rest," he insisted.  He turned his gaze back to the TV, but his attention was still very firmly on Castiel.
Once the vegetables were sitting in the cart, however, Castiel looked doubtfully at them.  "That doesn't seem like a lot."
"You're almost there," Balthazar told him with a smirk, when he noticed Cas hadn't eaten a bite in five minutes.
"I came just from sucking you," Cas assured him, quick to alleviate Dean's concerns that he hadn't enjoyed himself.
"It sucked," Dean said honestly.  "But... it was probably 'good' in that it made a few things clearer.  It was... pretty intense."
"Cas, you're my friend," he repeated in a whisper.  "And I'm not going to kick you out, you hear me?"
if you learned.  You are both intelligent men, who are clever at different things.  You can't possibly compare yourself to him."
.  And all because Dean was... insecure.  Nervous, a little scared, and... fuck, okay, maybe a little -
Dean would never admit to being a little disappointed that this Balthazar guy was having more success at getting Cas laid than he was.  "Oh?" was all he said.
is why you are a good man," Cas told him, punctuating his praise with another kiss.  "I wish you could see yourself the way I see you."
Dean fumbled for remote, grabbing it on his second try and switching the TV off.  "Fine.  Go to bed.  Can't even watch TV in my own damn apartment," he muttered to himself as he stormed off down the hall to his room, taking the bottle of whiskey with him.
"I should probably get back to it," she told Dean quietly.  Running a hand fondly through his hair, she added, "Don't get too drunk."
John may have loved both his boys, but he hadn't been perfect.  And neither was Dean.  But damn it, he was going to try to be better.  He needed to.  For Ben.
"Like a shrink, you know? I usually think they're full of themselves, but..." He sighed. "I'm not really making it sound like the right thing here. I'm not saying you're crazy, or that there's something
Castiel fell silent, the wheels in his head turning as he finished his meal.  After they'd washed up, Dean went to the bathroom.  As soon as Castiel heard the shower run, he picked up the telephone and dialled.  He knew that Dean wouldn't be happy with what he was about to do, but he told himself it was for the greater good.  It rang several times, before it was answered with a weary sigh.
"And there was...  It was... sexual."  He said the last word quieter, as if there was something illicit in his admission.  He cleared his throat.  "And then my dad spoke."
it... most of the time.  Sometimes I use it to take the edge off, other times I just don't want to feel like crap."
.  But when he noticed his fuel gauge reading almost empty on the way home he stopped at the Gas 'n' Sip, and several bunches of flowers outside caught his eye.
"Hey, easy there, tiger – I'm just asking.  We don't want you picking another fight today."  She wiped down the bar, making herself look busy, while watching the way Dean studied the liquid in his glass as he swirled it around and around and around, before finally knocking it back and resting the glass on the wooden surface.
"What could I do to persuade you and your friend to stay?" she purred, as she stroked Castiel's cheek.
When Dean didn't go in, Cas realised he was waiting for him.  "Oh.  Right."  He opened the door and walked into his room, hurriedly kicking his textbooks under the bed.
"Thank you," he said again as he shut the door.  He looked up at Dean's apartment, seeing light peeking through the curtains.
Dean's stomach dropped.  It was an innocent expression but, with a sinking feeling, he realised he knew where he might find Cas.  As much as he wanted to find him, he hoped that he was wrong.  If he was right, though...
Castiel raised it to his lips and did just that.  Warm smoke filled his mouth, travelling down his throat which constricted involuntarily.  Choking, he doubled over and tried to take several gulps of water to ease his retching.
"Maybe if you got your head out of the cars once in a while you'd know what happened last time!" Bobby told him.
Then Cas slowly slipped one hand into Dean's, his expression soft and hopeful.  "We don't have to do anything," he assured him.  "Not yet."
Castiel shot him a slightly worried look, and Dean tried not to let his concern over his car show.  Usually Cas would get out and he'd slide over to park, but there was plenty of space today for him to make an attempt without needed to do too much steering.
Dean smirked.  "Well, not all girl parts are exactly the same, so I'm guessing not all boy parts are—  Ow!" he complained with a grin when Cas pinched him lightly.
"Hmph," she said, clearly not believing them. "Well, Cas, you'd better wipe that frown off your face."
"True.  But you can take it back with you tonight, so hopefully he shouldn't notice you borrowed it."
"Look," he sighed. "You want to do something to earn your way, then I don't have a problem with that."
The muscle in Dean's jaw twitched as he clenched his teeth together.  "Because that's the way it always is, alright?!" Dean snapped.  "Now can we talk about something else?"
."  Her mother had raised her to be able to stand up for herself.  Between her own self defence skills, her mother and her shotgun, and the regulars who were practically family, Jo was pretty sure there was no place in the world she'd be safer than in the Roadhouse.
Dean had assured him he knew the 'perfect place' to go for lunch, though Castiel doubted his definition of perfect as they walked into a clichéd diner and slid into a cramped booth.
Dean stretched one leg out; just enough to touch Cas's and no more.  Castiel jerked his back automatically, but then let his leg rest against Dean's.  He wouldn't know it was intentional, but hopefully it would be enough to remind him that he had Dean now.
is why you think they've gone for good when they're still there, hovering on the outskirts, waiting for you to let them back in?"
Castiel stared at his crossword, not seeing the words as he tapped the end of his pencil absently against the page.
Cas opened his mouth to respond that he only had to go without for less than a month, but closed it again.  He didn't want to fight, especially when Dean was clearly repressing whatever it was that was upsetting him.  Instead he adjusted himself in his seat, moving to lean his head on Dean's shoulder as they settled down and waited to see what would come on next.
Dean laughed as the German Shepherd deserted the ball in favour of chasing a white, neatly clipped poodle across the grass.  Judging by the pink satiny bow he saw clipped to her ear as she ran past, the dog had a lot better plans that playing fetch on his mind!
Before he knew it, he had the phone in his hand and it was ringing.  "Am I really doing this?" he asked.  However, before Cas could answer, he waved a silencing hand frantically at him as someone picked up at the other end.
All of a sudden, his stomach growled.  Tensing in anticipation, ready to leap out of the bath if needed, he was relieved when nothing happened.  No coughing, belching, no muscles tensing.  The sandwiches Dean had made them for lunch seemed to be staying down.  For now, at least.
"I'm thinking about how beautiful you are," Cas replied honestly, leaning forward to kiss him.  When he pulled away, there was a noticeable flush on Dean's cheeks.  "It's true."
"I'd put your mechanic skills to good use if I had a car for you to work on," Bobby told him as he stepped into the office.  "Or if you'd been
Castiel opening and closed his mouth as he tried to separate the important questions in his mind from the questions that could wait, all the time wondering what trouble Dean could have got himself into that was so bad that he'd earned an overnight stay in jail.
"Okay."  With his left hand still gripping Castiel's waist he moved his right to just below Castiel's elbow, and slid his hand down until it lay over the back of his hand.  "Right, we're not going to let the ball go just yet, okay?"
"Well, down it quick," he said, taking another sip of his beer. He froze as he watched Castiel take him literally; gulping almost his entire beer down as if it was tap water. "Damn it, Cas!" he exclaimed. "Take it easy."
Cas was to be afraid of him.  He'd dismissed his concerns earlier but now, faced with the truth behind his words, Dean wasn't sure he trusted himself.  "I'm sorry," he said, staring in shock at his own hands.
"But you didn't," Dean told him. "You're still here. I've got you, Cas," he said, holding him tighter.
Dean licked his lips, and Castiel swallowed. He didn't have an answer. He'd be a hypocrite if he did. "You're going to stay here with me, Cas, and we're going to find you a job," he said eventually.
He wasn't your stereotypical student, and hated that he was a cliché.  He couldn't understand how his flatmates could - or even wanted to - live off of ramen noodles.  Although they were cheap, they were grossly unhealthy and
"Hey, let go of me!" he protested, three times her size but no match for her strength and technique.
Castiel started looking through the cupboards in case Chuck had somehow managed to get inside one.  "Chuck?  Here, kitty."
"I'll be there in a minute," Dean told him, getting to his feet and turning the radio off.  When he moved towards the door, Cas had already gone.
Castiel pondered this for a moment.  "Perhaps I'm more aware of the subtext because I have experience with people who perceive homosexuality as something to fear," he mused aloud.
Cas was speechless and stared blankly at him, but nevertheless allowed himself to be led inside while Dean went back to the car and hit play on the cassette player.
At that moment a drag queen wrapped a feather boa around his neck and kissed him on the cheek, before continuing down the sidewalk.
Castiel stared in that direction curiously as they drew nearer, trying to see through the thick branches but all he caught sight of was glimpses of white.  He was no wiser once they'd past the trees.  "Tents?"
Castiel looked at Dean, with his flat, unstyled hair and neglected scruff that was becoming a beard.  He'd never seen Dean look so lost, so broken.  Tentatively, he reached a hand out and cupped Dean's face.  His beard was rough on his hand, but not unpleasantly so.  He stroked Dean's cheek with his thumb, and Dean seemed to melt into the tenderness of his touch.
Making himself a coffee, he took it into the living room and discovered he wasn't as alone as he'd thought.
They stared at each other for a long moment, the only sound that of cars passing by.  It felt like an eternity to Dean as he waited for Cas to do something;
Castiel didn't answer at first, checking his message for spelling errors before he sent it.  Then he looked up at Dean.  "It was where Balthazar wanted to go.  It was his birthday."
After swallowing the last of his chicken and rice, Dean wiped a chunk of blackened naan around his bowl. The sauce wasn't enough to disguise the burnt taste but, as he dumped his dishes beside the sink and grabbed his keys, he was sure he'd drown the taste out with more beer once he got to the Roadhouse.
Dean looked at him, a soft smile tugging at his lips.  For the first time, he felt the growing glimmer of hope that maybe he
He moved shampoo and shower gel and deodorant and out of the way to find band aids and out several packets of pills. Removing them, he also found some condoms which he hastily put back. There were two packets of Paracetamol and a bottle of prescription painkillers. They were dated several years ago, and the container was still full. It didn't even look like Dean had taken any at all. He knew he should have put them straight back without looking at them, but he told himself that he was just concerned that Dean may have a serious illness that he might need to know about if he ever needed to call an ambulance, when in truth a small part of his mind was telling him that an overdose could be a painless way out.
"Who's gonna find a nice girl?" Dean's voice asked as he strolled into the room, eyebrows raised as he wiped his grease-covered hands with an old rag.
Dean shrugged.  "I wanted to get you," he said, unable to keep the grin off his face.  "So, are you coming?"
Dean sat as still as a statue; the muscle twitching in his clenched jaw the only indication that he wasn't.  "Adler," he said eventually, breaking the silence.  But he still wouldn't look at Cas.
at you - not really.  More... annoyed at you.  But I'll never be too mad at you to help you, especially if it means repairing your relationship with Ben."
, because he dearly hoped Dean had forgotten about his drunken offer. "What about you? Do you have work today?"
"Just today?" Cas asked, only half teasing.  Then he turned more serious.  "I know you feel guilty for losing all your money, and rightfully so because it was stupid of you, but don't take it out on me."
"Now you might be aware of some of this already, but it's important that I run through it with you and that you understand it.  Everything you tell me is confidential and will remain between us, unless you lead me to believe that either you or someone else is in danger.  If that's the case, then I'm legally obliged to inform the relevant authorities.  Do you understand?"
An uneasy feeling spread through him as he thought about the turn the night before had taken.  After he'd left the strip club he'd driven out of town, past the bridge where he'd first met Cas, and up to the top of the hill where he'd parked up and just looked down at the urban lights.  It was an uncharacteristically quiet night, for him.
Tears were falling down Castiel's cheeks. "Then there is nothing more I can say to you, Dean, for I have no-one. Not any more."
Cas pressed a soft kiss into his hair, his fingers still working their magic to soothe Dean's mind and chase the voice out of his head.  "I love you."
Andy buried his face in his hands as Bobby and Benny laughed loudly, while Cas and Dean waited to get the whole story.
shakes the room and Dean rolls off the sofa in one smooth motion.  He hunches low, moving backwards with one hand outstretched until his back hits the wall, all senses on alert as he searches for danger.
They beckoned over to the waitress to bring them another round, then Dean began to realise that Cesar didn't do small talk.
He shivered as the wind picked up, and started walking again.  Maybe he should have borrowed one of Dean's jackets.  He needed to buy a warmer one for himself, he decided, quickening his pace as he neared his destination.  The hot blast of air from the overhead heater was a relief as he stepped into the card shop.
"You're probably right," Sam agreed.  "He doesn't like it when I ask you how he's doing.  But, give him time, yeah?  We didn't exactly have a good example of a healthy relationship growing up.  I'm lucky that I managed to figure it out with Jess, but I've still made mistakes.  And
"I understand how difficult this must be for you, Castiel," Pamela said sympathetically.  "But what makes you so sure that the kiss was a mistake?"
"Stephen King," Dean explained.  "I know you've been reading his stuff, so I thought...  I'm sorry they're not new," Dean apologised, rubbing a hand across the back of his neck.
"It's baseball, but you know what?  I think my team's going to lose," he grinned, shooting Cas a wink.
His heart sank when he realised the humour had disappeared from Dean's face.  This time as he leaned forward and slipped the piece of paper out from between his fingers, Dean let him take it.
"No," Dean said, wondering how the hell he'd let the conversation get so out of hand.  He was supposed to be trying to get on Lisa's
Once they were left alone to look over the menus, Dean shifted a little closer so his leg rested against Castiel's.
"Any spare change?" a scruffy man, who looked older than his years, croaked.  A disposable coffee cup was held up to them, with only a few pennies in it.
Dean flashed him a cheeky wink, and they followed the signs to the penguins. They arrived in time for Cas to take a few pictures of the three different species kept at the zoo before several keepers appeared and instructed them to take a position behind the yellow line.  This allowed Cas to take some photos of the three different species kept at the zoo, before several keepers appeared and instructed them to take a position behind the yellow line.
Dean couldn't help but overhear the woman with the baby as they were called through for examination.  The other kids were still screaming and shouting, and the drunk woman was still crying.  He rubbed a temple and wondered if it was irritation or the start of a headache he could feel throbbing there.
her to know!  Because if there was, then everything he'd ever known about himself was a lie.  Nearing the middle of his thirties, surely he had to know who he was by now?
Castiel had been quiet ever since they left Bobby's.  Despite the fact he had assured Dean that he completely respected his decision, Dean was convinced that he'd hurt Castiel by saying no.  When he finished his dinner he let his fork drop to the plate with a clatter, Castiel's eyes immediately looking up at him.
"Watch where you're going!" Cas snapped back as Dean backed into the bedside table, sending the lamp smashing to the floor.
"Cas, in the three years I've had him working here, the past couple of months or so have been the most alive I've seen him.  Now I wasn't going to pry – it's none of my business, so long as he gets his work done – but that doesn't mean I didn't worry about him.  He wasn't unhappy as such, but I reckon you're a breath of fresh air.  You're good for him."
Dean cupped a hand around the back of Cas's neck, rubbing his fingers through his hair, and simply stared at him.
She pouted thoughtfully.  "As a floor model, I can give you a good discount as it's a discontinued line.  So, if there aren't any others you've liked, it might be best to make a decision now."
to do it, because you can feel the improvement in yourself.  Or at least, that's the way it is for me."
Dean chuckled and returned his attention to Castiel's dick, rapt with fascination as it filled and grew before his eyes.  Sure, his own had done this far more times than he could ever hope to count, but knowing that it was
"Now," he said, opening his crossword book once again and chuckling as he read the next clue.  "What's a seven-lettered word for 'feeling or showing anxiety'?"
At the other end of the line, Sam took an audible breath.  "Look," he began unsurely, "when I was having problems, I didn't come to you.  You swooped in and saved me.  My saviour.  My brother, the hero.  Sometimes you try to help and you mess up, because you think what you're doing is worth it - because you've convinced yourself you're doing more good than bad."
"He's a sucker for animals - you should have seen him that time he hit a dog.  Got hair all over the back seat of my car," Dean complained.
The mattress dips as Castiel moves without warning, and Dean's eyes fly open as he reaches out to make him stay.
"I'll get my permit first," Cas stated.  "But perhaps you could help me learn everything I need to know?"
A couple of seats away, Alicia was ignoring her brother's attempts to woo Castiel; probably used to being abandoned in favour of a prospective date.
"Thanks!" he coughed after he downed several gulps of beer. "Wow. I didn't expect it to pack quite a punch. That's really good."
"I believe my father would describe this place as, 'a den of iniquity'," Castiel murmured as he sat down. He glanced around, not knowing where to look, before eventually returning his gaze to Dean.
Cas stared at him for a long moment as his words sunk in.  Then he punched his arm half-heartedly.  "I thought you were
She chuckled.  "No.  But thanks for the offer.  If you ever find the real man, though, give me a call."
As he walked to the bus stop that would take him into town, he wished his friend wasn't on the other side of the world.  He longed to tell him about the progress in his relationship with Dean - although he acknowledged that Balthazar would probably to to tell him that what they were doing didn't qualify as
Castiel toed his shoes and socks off at the door, catching Dean doing the same out of the corner of his eye, only the movements were clumsy and less co-ordinated.
He looked down at himself, and the purple/blue plaid shirt he hadn't worn in a couple of months.  "No, I don't!"
Pamela lapsed into a thoughtful silence again.  Eventually she asked, "At the risk of sounding clichéd, how does that make you feel?"
"There's nothing wrong with the hair on his head," Ellen declared, seeming to appear out of nowhere as she leaned over the table to gather their empties.
Castiel opened and closed his mouth, unsure how to respond to that. It was the last thing he'd expected Dean to say. He looked down at the t-shirt in his hands, thinking that it was looking rather faded and worn.
Immediately Jody's demeanor changed.  "Good," she smiled.  "Now I'll take that brick off your hands and you can board that window up."
He was aware of Castiel watching him carefully as he piled the bacon on his roll, leaving the fat Castiel had already trimmed off in the pan.  He was acting weird, he knew, but he didn't want to talk about it.  He bit into his it and started chewing as he carried his breakfast over to the table.
He smiled.  "It's kinda loud, right?  You wanna go somewhere quieter?" he asked, taking a step towards the sink.
"Dean, we have discussed this," Castiel protested, looking up at him. "I will not let you waste your brother's money on me."
Castiel was glad he wasn't sitting opposite so he didn't have to see his mouthful of half-chewed food.
The next day, filled with a fresh determination to give Jo's advice a go, Castiel decided that that night would be the start of getting over Dean.  He called Balthazar and asked if he wanted to go out.
"When I first moved in," Cas said, hoping that it was the right thing to say, "it was as a friend.  I needed a place to stay.  The sofa's my bed, usually."
again!"  He grabbed Cas suddenly and pulled him into a rough kiss.  "How's that for touching you?" he asked, before charging into the kitchen and returning a moment later with a bottle of beer.
"Continue to focus your breathing.  Notice your chest and abdomen expanding as you breathe in, and slowly deflating as you breathe out.  This time when you breathe in, pause for a moment, then exhale slowly and let the tension melt away.  Feel yourself becoming more and more relaxed with each breath.
"Ca-as," Dean protested weakly, nevertheless allowing Cas to lie his head in his lap.  He closed his eyes and sighed as Castiel's long fingers stroked comfortingly through his hair.  "'S nice," he mumbled.
When Cas opened his eyes sometime later, he was lying down and Dean was gone.  After a quick check of the apartment he fired off a message to Jo, who soon confirmed that Dean was at the Roadhouse.  With a sigh, Cas made a start on dinner, knowing that he would be eating alone.  Or at least, without any
didn't carry any extra weight around his middle, Dean noted with a touch of jealousy.  When he glanced up again Castiel was staring at him, lips parted.
"But," Cas smiled, realising what Pamela was prompting him to realise, "Dean wouldn't have been pushed to act on his feelings for me."
"It's true.  And I'm sorry.  I don't want you to rush your treatment with Pamela, because it would only do more harm than good in the long run.  And
He still hadn't told Cas what Lisa had told him.  And he wasn't sure he would - at least not straight away.  He just wanted to hold onto that thought and enjoy it for a while.  But it warmed his heart that Cas had embraced Ben, and it both excited and scared him at the idea that
Dean paused, contemplating striking through that last line before smiling at a memory which they shared.
But Castiel shook his head, not taking his eyes off the Sunday paper that he found so interesting. Dean would have grinned if he hadn't been concerned at the sudden change in Castiel since last night, for he only got the paper for the sports section and Castiel read everything
A tear trickled slowly down Dean's cheek, and it seemed to draw Cas closer to him.  As it fell onto Dean's shirt, Cas dropped onto the sofa beside him.  Reaching out, he pulled Dean close.
Castiel stared resolutely at the elevator doors as his pulse quickened.  He didn't say a word, not wanting that hand to disappear any time—
Reluctantly, Dean tugged off his soaking t-shirt, grateful that he'd already stripped out of his overalls before he began washing the cars.  At least he'd have something to change into after his shift instead of being stuck in wet clothes.
As he watched Dean interact with the children under the guise of Santa Claus, he couldn't help but feel his heart swell in his chest.  His friend had prevented a lot of disappointment and truly saved the day, all for him.
Cas reached up to cup his face, stroking his cheek with his thumb, and Dean turned into his hand and pressed a kiss to his palm.
A second later they could hear the sound of the door unlocking, and Castiel made his way up the stairs alone.
He held her stare for several long moments before finally looking to her left with a huff, feeling like a scolded child.
"I never really thought that far ahead," he admitted.  "I just figured we'd fix me, or not, and Cas and I could either move on, or he'd leave me."
Dean looked a little relieved, and squeezed Castiel's hand.  "Good.  'Cause we could have had cake if you wanted."
Dean watched as Chuck tried to sink into the box again, but got his head caught in the flaps.  His little head bobbed up and down, before he gave up and mewled pathetically.
"Alright, here we go," Dean said, carrying a tray of food into the living room later that night.  "John Winchester's famous cure-all kitchen sink stew."
Dean sat up, relieved to hear Castiel sound a bit more like himself.  "Oh, yeah.  I spent half the night on the phone, calling people, sorting stuff out."
"I'm here," Cas assured him, wishing - not for the first time - that he could see.  He knew that Dean wouldn't ask for what he wanted, or needed, while he was grieving.  And while he'd always wondered what Dean looked like, despite knowing it wouldn't change the way he felt about him, he wanted now to be able to see what he could do to help his husband.
What if his feelings were... fake?  If whatever he felt for Cas was nothing more than a deep-seated fear of being alone?  What if he was a total fake - a phoney who'd manipulated Cas into falling for him only to turn his back at the last moment?  But if it wasn't real, then he surely wouldn't be this conflicted over it.
"I needed to clear my head," Dean said defensively, when he noticed Castiel's gaze aimed at the bottle.
When Castiel came home later that night he found Dean sitting in front of the TV, an open bottle of beer in his hand.
Pamela opened her mouth, then closed it again.  She looked thoughtfully at him as she tried to make her point in a different way.  "You've spent so long looking after other people:  do you think that, deep down, you want someone to look after
Dean's eyes widened as his gaze swept over the table full of ingredients.  It hadn't seemed that much when he'd bought it, but then he hadn't really been paying that much attention after Jess's phone call.  "You do realise we're not feeding an army tonight, right?"
Stopping in her tracks, she slowly turned back to look at him.  "I never thought you were," she told him.  "I've seen how you are with women."  Being with Cas didn't change the fact that Dean had genuinely cared about his hook-ups, even if it was only for a night.
is okay," Dean told him, placing Cas's hands on his waist.  He let go only when he was sure that Cas wasn't going to take his hands away, because he'd meant what he said the other night - he
His eyes widened as she turned to him and he shot a fearful glance at Dean, who tried to shoot him a supportive smile even though his lip was bleeding.
"Don't you dare 'but' me!  If I'm not stupid, then neither are you.  I mean it," he added, when Dean said nothing.
He turned back to the television and turned the volume up – a sign that their conversation was over – so Castiel left him and started on dinner.
His heart beat frantically in his ribcage, and he swallowed thickly.  He didn't miss the flash of disappointment that crossed Castiel's features when he realised that Dean was putting a stop to their little makeout session.
Castiel bit his tongue to prevent himself from saying something he'd regret as he dutifully ladled soup into a bowl.  He was wrong - Cas wasn't Dean's
for Cas - he'd move heaven and earth if he needed to - and he wouldn't trust anyone else to do the same.  Maybe -
Once the water was gone he started to feel a little cold, so stepped out of the bath and wrapped himself in the towel that Dean had looked out for him, and it was pleasantly warm after having sat on the radiator for a good quarter of an hour. Crouching down beside his bag he gave the zip a sharp tug, and the damn thing got stuck. He gave it a yank, and a twist, but with a cry of frustration threw it away and collapsed to the floor, letting the tears flow down his cheeks.
Dean was silent as he processed Cas's question.  "Huh?" he asked after a moment.  "What do you mean?"
"Where'd Andy go?" Dean asked Benny, looking around for his colleague when he returned with the drinks.
"That would be giving away trade secrets," she teased, with a twinkle in her eye.  Then she leaned forward conspiratorially.  "You've had two sessions with me," she said, "and in both of them you've expressed concerns about the people in your life leaving you.  That tells me there are probably some unresolved issues there.  Especially as we've already established that it's creating an emotional block between you and Castiel."
"No, it doesn't," Dean agreed.  "But maybe that's because you weren't here," he pointed out, reaching out to touch Cas's arm.
"No, it's not."  When Dean looked like he was about to disagree, Castiel didn't let him get a word out.  "
"You may add the sprouts when the pancetta is crispy," Cas instructed, passing him the wooden spoon.
"You still have your job at the garage, and your new library job..."  She trailed off as Cas shook his head.  "What?"
Dean's tough posture eased, but his aggressive glare hardened.  "You were betting on my personal life?" he growled, suddenly wishing he'd never spoken up.
"Now I want you to concentrate on the top of your head.  There's a warm sensation beginning to spread across your scalp, making its way slowly downwards.  It's a pleasant feeling, soothing, like a warm hug.  As this feeling travels down over your body, it relaxes everything in its path.  Your forehead grows smooth, your eyebrows are resting, your cheeks relaxing - as the tension in your muscles dissolve, you allow yourself to feel more and more relaxed.  Your lips part slightly as your jaw loosens, even your tongue softens in your mouth.  Feel your eyelids becoming very heavy, and very relaxed."
and not so you could use it as an excuse to continue to hit on other people!"  Realisation dawned on him.  "This is why you've been so weird today, isn't it?  You've been feeling guilty," Cas accused.
Dean opened his eyes a moment later when he walked into the bedroom, shorts slung low on his hips.  Dean swallowed, jealousy and admiration churning in his stomach.  He didn't have long to look, however, as Cas quickly lifted up the duvet and slid into bed beside him, inching closer until he was lying alongside him.
"Dude, you are seriously weird," Dean said as he switched the TV off, a grin still lighting up his features.
"Tracey thought that I thought she was fat, and wouldn't talk to me for a week," Andy elaborated reluctantly.
Okay, so, chapter warnings. If consent issues are a thing for you, you might want to read the end notes first. 👇 I'm going to put spoilery stuff down there for those who are concerned about triggers.
"Don't sell yourself short, Dean," Cas insisted. "I don't think you give yourself nearly enough credit."
"I pour my heart and soul out to you, you tell me how fucked up I am, then tell me how to make it better?"
They talked a little more about nothing in particular, until Sam had to go but promised to call another day.
"It's not you, okay? I just... I have a lot of... There's so much..." he sighed, unable to find a way to say what he was trying to say without saying too much.
"Baby.  My car," he explained when, despite her best poker face, she looked a trifle confused.  "Not the..." he cradled his arms and made a rocking gesture "... kind."
an inconvenience to try to visit a friend on their birthday - whether they were at home or not.  It didn't matter that Balthazar was only kidding; it rubbed Dean up the wrong way.
So I was talking to my beta the other week and started wondering... how many of you have been reading this since I first posted chapter one all those years ago?
He filed that little bit of knowledge away:  a reminder that the kiss really happened.  His hand was also warm against his cheek, and it was all Cas could do not to lean into his touch.
"You're shaking – if you're cold just add more hot water. I didn't make it too hot, 'cause I didn't want you to go into shock."
*lets out a breath* Holy shit. I think that might be the longest chapter I've written! And it's such an important chapter for Dean that I was really nervous about writing it, because if I got this wrong I'd be letting down every one of you who has patiently (and impatiently!) been waiting for Dean to get to a place where he can fully embrace his relationship with Cas.  But when my beta (who has been complaining to me for months about the slow progression but reluctantly trusting that I had a plan) read this chapter she said, "Now I get why it had to take so long." I think that means I got it right, so I hope everyone else feels the same when they get to the end of this one! *crosses fingers*
Cas had noticed that Bobby's posture and body language didn't match his grumpy tone and shook his head.  "He's all bark.  She knows that."
"You got me," Dean said gruffly, clenching a hand around Castiel's wrist. Dammit, he was going to save this guy's life if it killed him. "If I didn't care, I wouldn't be standing here freezing my ass off."
"Have you all been good boys and girls this year?" 'Santa' boomed, purposefully deeper and huskier than Cas was used to.
"No."  Dean paused, and smirked.  "I mean, when winter comes around again you'll be better than an electric blanket."
After an excruciatingly long moment, he finally spoke.  "I couldn't believe it when Mom said you wanted to see me," he admitted quietly.
," Castiel pointed out. "Whatever it is that you keep bottled up inside you, the thoughts that you try to drown out night after night with all that beer. So don't you lecture me about
His thoughts drifted to the money he'd won, and Dean's proposal to share the lease.  If he could win money on a scratch card
"You forgot that you weren't together?" Balthazar queried in disbelief.  "Oh, Cas, that's not good."
"I just want to make a good impression.  But I've never been able to...  Could you?" he asked, holding both ends of the tie out to Dean.
At this, Dean looked rather ashamed.  "It's not that big a deal.  Bobby got given complimentary tickets but didn't want to come," he admitted.
Castiel tried to ignore the feeling of dread that twisted in his stomach.  Dean had gone out last night.  Just because he'd never not come home while Castiel had been here didn't mean that he couldn't meet some girl and spend the night with her.
"Hard's good," Dean agreed, lying on the second mattress.  "It doesn't sag as quickly as something softer."  He bounced a little.  Rolled over and propped himself up on his elbows, showing off the curve of his ass.
Dean took care of dinner that night, successfully managing to defrost some of Castiel's chilli. (Well, he was counting it a success – he'd only burned a little bit that had stuck to the bottom of the pot.)
, Dean," Cas said, reaching out in the darkness to trail a hand across Dean's cheek.  Until he hadn't.  And perhaps Dean's downward spiral hadn't
brother would say, knowing how screwed up he was getting over a guy.  He finished his drink, then left enough money to buy the couple another round.  "I gotta get out of here," he declared.  Before he told them anything else.  Before he thought too hard about their questions, and the implications of his responses.  He'd already shared too much with them.  He'd never have said this much to Jo, or Ellen, or anyone else he knew.  So why, then, had it been easier to confide in these strangers he'd never see again?
Dean felt all the tension he didn't even know he'd been carrying leave him in that moment. "Well, good," he said awkwardly.
of it, because didn't they say that if you lost one sense the others became heightened? - Cas always seemed to be able to read him like a book.  With a firm yet careful hand, he pulled Dean out of his underwear and licked a line up his cock once, twice, three times, before swallowing him down.
He looked at what Ben was holding.  "Do you think you could perhaps find something... with more fabric?" he settled for.
.  But it was considerate of you not to want to intrude," Cas told his friend as he gratefully accepted his gift.
"Three strikes, you're out," Cas warned him.  "I can't spend forever feeling insecure in our relationship.  That's two."
"I haven't seen a single one of them," Cas whispered in his ear, sucking on his earlobe which caused Dean to shiver.  "And even if I had, would any of them take better care of
Castiel smiled fondly from where he sat on the couch, wearing a hideous oversized sweater he'd bought recently.  It was sickeningly festive and Dean hated it.  Unfortunately when Castiel had asked him for his opinion, excitedly spreading his arms so that Dean could take in every last ugly detail, he hadn't the heart to say anything other than, "
"I'm sorry." Castiel looked down at the river below, black under the night sky, oblivious to the black car that had just started driving across the bridge. "But I just can't go on alone any longer."
Although he knew he was imagining it, he heard himself talk to Cas as if he was there anyway.  "Tell me all about how the alien's symbolic of rapey shit,"  he asked, his voice hoarse from not being used all day.  He couldn't remember exactly what he'd speculated, but could still hear the words
Pamela rolled her eyes, but smiled at him.  "You are a very interesting individual, Dean Winchester."
"Mmm," Castiel affirmed before swallowing.  "Two nights spent wondering if I'd be murdered in my sleep for the change of clothes I had in my bag."
"No, it looked like you needed the sleep," Dean said, looking back down at the football scores from the night before. "I only took the morning off work, so I'll have to head out shortly after lunch," he grumbled. "Unless..." He looked back up again. "Are you going to be okay here on your own?"
"I don't wish to discuss it," Cas said, leaning back against the sofa and hugging himself in an attempt to make himself look as small as possible. He hadn't realised how determined Dean would be to pursue the matter – as far as he'd been concerned they'd had this conversation three days ago.
"There is neither Jew nor Greek; there is neither slave nor free; nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Jesus Christ," Castiel recited from memory.  "Galatians 3:28."
Dean got up to take the video out of the machine, and Cas found himself shamelessly eyeing the curve of his ass as he crouched down in front of the machine before sliding it back into place on the shelf.
When the waiter returned, Cas took his hand back to allow their server to put the plate of pie in front of Dean.
"Hey, it's their own fault if they fall for it. I've been caught out myself, and it's not often the hustler gets hustled. So, you okay with it?"
Jo rested a hand on his.  "There's more to living than just being alive," she told him, putting his empty glass on her tray and leaving him with his thoughts.
"Now, you've either just admitted to masturbating or having a threesome," Balthazar declared playfully.  "Which is it?"
Moving almost on autopilot, he walked to the kitchen and pulled out a glass and the bottle of Jack that sat beside it.  It felt like he'd barely touched the stuff since Castiel moved in, except when he'd been trying to chase his nightmares away.  He sat down in the dark living room and, pouring himself a generous glass, tried to forget about Cas.
Castiel stared at him as if unable to comprehend why Dean was being so nice to him, and it was all Dean could do to hold his gaze.
"You—"  Castiel beamed.  Jo had been right.  It felt deceitful, doing it this way, but he genuinely believed it
He groaned Dean's name as he came, leaning against the wall until the warm water ran cold, silently rebuking himself while mentally apologising to Dean, and to his father, and to God, until another bang on the door startled him.
: Character's concern over a possible sexual assault is implied; however please note that no such assault actually takes place.
"It sounds to me that you need to move past your fear of losing Cas before you can accept that you want him."
Six years and six days ago, I posted Chapter 1 on this website. I posted it elsewhere several months before that, and started writing it a couple of months before that. It'll turn 7 years old in a couple of months and I'm
It suddenly hit Dean why Castiel was so interested in giving away his shoes – he only had the ones he was wearing.  "Your outdoor shoes can mark the bowling alley," he explained, "so they give you bowling shoes to minimise scuffing.  You swap them back when you've finished your game."
There were tears in Dean's eyes when Pamela brought him out of his hypnotised state, and she offered him a tissue.  As she gave him a few minutes to process what he'd remembered, she glanced at the clock.  She was running late with his appointment, but that was okay.
If there was one thing Castiel did not like about winter it was the dark mornings.  Living with his father, he'd rise no later than seven every morning.  He rolled over and drew the covers up to his chin.  Living with Dean meant that he could take an extra hour of sleep and get up once the sun had started to rise.  He frowned, eyes screwed shut.  The apartment was quiet.  He fumbled for his phone, opening one eye to check the time.
Castiel's brow furrowed as he started doing sums in his head.  That... could make a new mattress affordable sooner rather than later.  Even
Chuck leapt up onto the filing cabinets instead, and flicked his tail as he narrowed his eyes at Cas in displeasure.
He licked his lips.  "Cas," he said softly, moving up behind him and putting his hands over Castiel's.  "Stop."  For a moment, it felt like Cas was leaning into him.  Dean let him go.  "I'm sorry."
Jody swapped her camera for a notepad and pencil, which she pointed at one of the cameras mounted on the outer wall.  "I'm going to need your security footage."
Slowly, Dean turned to him.  "I think," he began, searching for the rights words - he didn't think words had ever been his strong suit.  He clasped Castiel's hand as he tried again.  "What we have, I think it means more to me than anything I've ever had with anyone else.  I've come so far since I've met you - being with you makes me a better person, and I...  I..."
He settled down in his seat and flicked through the channels for something to watch, stopping on a documentary about polar bears when Castiel let out an interested '
As if receiving a signal, they both reached out to touch the other; a shoulder, a knee.  There was nothing sexual about their actions, but at the same time there was an intimacy that had Dean's stomach twisting in jealousy.
"I..?  You're the one who got all weird!  You've been avoiding me all week and when you're here it's like you're not, you know?  You put space between us and it's like you can't even stand to be in the same room as me.  Now I get that you might not have wanted me to find out yet - or at all, hell I don't know - but I did and I'm
Later that night Castiel had his arms around some teenager Balthazar had steered his way, and they weren't so much dancing as swaying along to the music.  He wondered what the boy's story was; whether the people closest to him knew or if it was like a secret second life.
As soon as they'd finished eating, they paid for their meal.  As they stood waiting on Castiel's change, it was impossible to miss the disapproving looks exchanged between the waiter and the manager - it was clear that they both felt the same about homosexuality.  Castiel suddenly bitterly regretted working so hard to save up to surprise Dean, only to book a table at such a homophobic establishment.  He turned his back on them, unable to stomach their bigotry any longer.  If they could afford to, he'd leave without his change and to hell with them.  Dean's hand on his arm failed to soothe him as it usually would.
It was weird, being at his own birthday party and not knowing a lot of the people there.  He moved around, meeting the people that Castiel had become close to, and was pleasantly surprised to find that they weren't all as annoying as Balthazar.  Meg creeped him out, but Zeke seemed like a nice enough guy - the kind of guy Dean himself might socialise with.  And maybe he
He grabbed his coat on the way out, ignoring Benjamin's shouts for his number.  He didn't want to see him again.  All he wanted to do was go back to a home that wasn't his.  To the man he loved but would never have.  Cas had really thought that he could
Dean already knew the answer to her question; it was just harder to be honest with a stranger than it was someone you knew.  Except, he'd opened up to those two gay guys in the bar that one time.  That hadn't hurt.  In fact, it had helped.
"Don't be ridiculous," Dean scoffed.  "Now are you going to tell me what you saw that was 'wonderful'?"
was such an empty sentiment, and it didn't make him feel any less isolated from the people in his orbit.  Take the sun, for example - surrounded by planets, but not close to any of them.
She shook her head.  "I can't believe I ever had a thing for you," she said, reaching for a glass and pouring him a beer.
Though, he thought to himself with a half-hearted chuckle, he probably wouldn't be complaining about being kept up all night if he were in
Castiel smiled a little and motioned for Dean to turn around again. Cas needed a music lesson, and he needed one
Even if there was a chance that Ben was his, he'd missed out on so much with the boy by coming into his life when he was eight years old.
Eventually, his thoughts turned to Dean's words that morning.  As he wondered what it was that Dean had been thinking about doing to him, his hand trailed down.
"No," Castiel answered, looking around the room as if to check he hadn't left anything lying around. "Just me."
Cas had felt Dean's absence in their apartment very strongly over the past week, so the fact that he was home on Saturday was pleasing.  He just wished that they didn't both have commitments that day.  "How do I look?" he asked as he walked into the living room.
When he got to the park, he stopped to take some deep breaths.  His hands gripped the cold railings until his knuckles turned white.
, more like.  Hey!" he protested with a laugh as Cas gave his shoulder a playful punch and slid off his lap.  "Where are you going?"
, he'd find humour in the familiar expression of panic that crossed his face, reminiscent of their introduction to Chastity.  But then, it wasn't like Ellen
"You've been around that boy too long.  You might think he's the strong one, taking care of you the way he does, but I reckon he needs for you to take care of him just as much," Bobby said.  He cleared his throat awkwardly.  "Anyway, I can see you've been making a dent in the paperwork.  Keep working hard!"  Bobby moved to clap him on the shoulder but paused, and gave it a gentle squeeze instead before he left.
Dean buried himself in his work all day, distancing himself even further than usual from his workmates.
Dean stared at her, wide-eyed.  "What..."  He licked his lips.  "What if I'm more trouble than I'm worth?"
A stray thought flew through Castiel's mind - if Lisa would take Dean back, would he go?  He refused to consider the answer, however.  Convincing himself it wouldn't do either of them any good to focus on what-ifs, he ignored the small flame of fear flickering in his gut that worried the answer to his unspoken question might be 'yes'.
you could force him to repress his feelings even further, if he truly believes that you're interested," Castiel countered.  "Leave the psychology to Pamela."
He was pathetic. He couldn't be a normal person, he couldn't kill himself properly, and he couldn't even open his bloody bag! He didn't know where everything had gone so wrong; just that he couldn't do a damn think to fix it.
"If you think it's something that will help you, I'll go for a walk and leave you to it," he offered.
"That we're all different... but that none of our differences matter because we're all the same in His eyes."
"We all saw you start that fight," Ellen said.  "Didn't we, boys?"  She shouted the last three words into the crowd, who all vocalised their acknowledgement.  No-one crossed Ellen.  Period.  "Now get out," she hissed.
"I'd rather wait a little longer, than take one step forward and two steps back when you regret moving too fast."
He'd slept on a park bench in the end, and woken up the next morning soaked right through with a cold that had lasted for a week. But that was before Dean had found him. Before Dean had taken him home, and wanted nothing in return. Dean was a good man.
Dean wasn't sure if that was 'no' to the name or 'no' to knowing Hollywood's golden dance couple.  "Okay."
Dean stared at the phone in his hand.  Maybe Sam was more right than Dean would like to let on.  It felt like a betrayal to think it, but a part of him started to wonder if his father hadn't always been the great man he'd believed him to be as a child.  It wasn't a bad thing to raise your kids to be strong and independent, but wasn't asking for help supposed to be a sign of strength?
, and Dean couldn't blame him.  He wanted a night  at home cuddled up in front of the TV just as much as Cas did.  His mind strayed as he considered what they might do.  Pamela had helped him figure out what was causing his 'blocked sexual responses', and as much as Dean wanted to push himself to be okay and give Cas more, he was also wary of pushing himself
"And who should he have sent?" Castiel asked.  "You?  And then who would've finished... doing whatever it was you were doing... on that car you were doing it on?"
"Don't...  Don't think there's anything wrong with you, please.  To react like that, is totally normal and I get it."
want to see you, but I was afraid things wouldn't be like they used to be.  And I had stuff planned with my friends, but Mom said I could see them any time.  She said it was up to me, but I could tell she really wanted me to say yes."
"We live together.  But not like that!  I—  We're friends," Dean babbled, trying to assuage the man's suspicions.  He could almost
Castiel moved his hands further up Dean's body, forcing him to release his wrists.  He bit his lip, anticipating and yet anxious of what was to come, when his fingers found Dean's nipples.  Knowing what he liked himself, he stroked his fingers across them.  An aroused groan from the depths of Dean's throat emboldened him and he pinched them lightly, rolling between his fingers.  As Dean involuntarily arched his back with a gasp, Cas grew irritated with the fabric separating them.  When he moved to tug the shirt upwards, hoping to remove it, Dean pulled him closer into a kiss.
The next morning Dean jolted awake in a cold sweat and with a pounding head.  As he rolled over to turn his alarm clock off, he noticed the glass of water and painkillers sitting on the nightstand waiting on him.
"So it turns out that spilling your guts for an hour is emotionally draining," Dean continued, trying and failing to make it seem like it wasn't a big deal.
Cas glanced at his watch, then over at Dean, as he absent-mindedly stroked Chuck who was headbutting his hand in a silent demand for attention.  "Are you almost ready?"
.  He'd already called Cas family, but to include others in that only cemented the idea in his mind.
Castiel's brow furrowed in confusion as he took what his boss was holding out to him.  Then he realised what it was.  Unable to stop the smile that spread across his face, he nodded.  "Of course."
"Your side?  Dean, I saw you!  You walked up to him and punched him in the face!  What's to say that one day you won't hit
He turned and saw large green eyes flecked with brown, framed in long dark eyelashes. Castiel barely caught himself from falling off his barstool in the other direction.
"Red."  The stain on Bobby's hat as it settled in front of him.  Dean swallowed.  "The car was red."  He shook his head.  "I'm sorry, I—"  He cut off as his voice cracked.
- coming back to him.  His gaze dropped to Castiel's mouth, examining the white and rather blunt teeth that lined his mouth.
"I don't understand any of those references," Cas told her.  "And I'm sure Dean doesn't wear heels."
Dean also seemed to be ignoring him, not striking up meaningless conversations about football scores or his work at the garage like he usually would, and turning the music volume up in the car an extra couple of notches.
His tears fell unrestrained, and Castiel placed his hand over Dean's clenched fist in a silent display of support.
Dean felt like he was going to burst with pride.  "I told you you didn't need to be nervous!" he declared, bumping shoulders with Cas.
Twenty minutes later they were standing on the pier, burning their fingers on their freshly cooked supper.
we're going to make it to work on time," Dean chuckled, giving Cas a gentle nudge in the ribs to encourage him to move on.
"Cas, I don't blame you.  I've been there, but I've become too much like a little sister to him to ever get that lucky.  Dean's a catch.  Unfortunately you're only fishing for fun with him, and then you've got to throw him back for someone else."
Also, I have no knowledge of how cars work so my analogy is only as accurate as my understanding of my research.
It took them twice the time to walk to the reception area because Dean stopped to make out with Cas - not that he was complaining - and it seemed that Mr Singer had a soft spot for Dean because he agreed to move Cas immediately upon his complaint that Cas was being abused by those in his apartment.
"Thank you, but please don't be insulted if I say that I hope I never have to take you up on your offer."
"Why don't you open one from Daddy Dean?" Cas pressed her.  "And we can take the rest along to Granny and Grandpa Winchester's so you can open them after dinner?"
"You're not fat.  Here," Cas said softly, pulling him away from the mirror and handing him the one-piece hat and beard.  "Now the presents are in that bag, and they're all labelled."
Then the doctor's hand was resting on his shoulder.  "He's still out of it just now, but you can go in and see him whenever you want."
Dean rolled onto his back and stretched out on the sand, allowing the hot sun to dry him off, and Castiel did the same. He dug his feet into the hot sand and curled his toes, chuckling at the fact that just three days ago he'd never have considered doing something like this.
As he walked around the car, he apologised to the approaching workmen and made excuses about Dean taking unwell at the wheel.  He assured himself it was at least a half-truth once it became clear they weren't going to call the police.  Sheriff Mills was probably the
"He seems like a very busy boy," Cas mused, scanning his eyes across the page.  Warmth blossomed in his chest when he noticed that Ben was also part of a computer club.  Even though he and Ben had bonded during his vacation, it was nice to find things they had in common.
True to his word, Dean sorted through all the stuff that had been cluttering up his cupboards for years. Cas helped, and then the two of them took the boxes down to the car so that they didn't have to do it tomorrow morning. After lunch Castiel curled up to read while Dean shouted at the TV most of the afternoon, and once the game had finished (and Dean had ranted until he was red in the face about the appalling performance his team had put in) they sat and ate dinner in front of the television. Dean flicked through the channels until he found some hospital drama that featured a rather good-looking doctor, and with an exaggerated sigh declared, "Well, I guess this is it, then."
it.  He put the thought out of his mind as he helped his friend pack their shopping away, getting Balthazar to follow his lead on bagging similar things together - chilled items, fruit and veg, tinned goods.  As Balthazar put the last of their bags back into the cart, the cashier totalled up their bill and a chill ran down Castiel's spine.  What Balthazar was spending for a week was more than what what Dean would spend in a month.  He tapped his friend on the arm.
Dean looked a little guilty.  "It was just a small piece. I'm sure he'll be fine," he said, trying to excuse his careless actions.
All too soon, the sound of Dean bumbling around in the kitchen woke him.  Yawning and bleary-eyed, he made his way to the kitchen in search of coffee.
"Oh, man, I remember popping a boner during sex ed," Dean reminsced, shaking his head.  "Not cool when the bell rang and I had to get up and walk to my math class."
Dean's rhythm faltered as he came, staining the front of his underwear, but Santa simply grabbed his butt and fucked into him
Dean looked at his watch and then back at Cas.  "Alright.  It's just round the corner – grab my wallet out of my back pocket, would you?"
"Cas?"  Dean looked at his watch when he saw him approach, thinking he'd lost track of time and forgotten to pick him up.  But it was only just time for lunch.  "You're early."
Her words were official, her tone calm, but her pained expression reminded Cas that she and Bobby were friends.  He shook his head.  "I wasn't there."  He turned to Dean, who was staring at the floor again, and put a hand on his shoulder.
Dean froze at the familiar voice, almost afraid to turn around.  The last time he'd heard Castiel's voice, it had been Lucifer.  He swallowed around the lump that had formed in his throat.  What if it was just another trick?
In the end it took them almost an hour to get home, as Dean had to stop another two times to throw up on the sidewalk and in a bush.  When, eventually, Cas got him inside their apartment, he had to drag a drunken Dean into the bathroom.
"Gimme a whiskey as well," he asked, downing the drink as soon as she placed the glass in front of him.
Beside him, Dean laughed.  Unfortunately he was halfway through swallowing, so ended up choking and spraying beer across the coffee table.
"Sit down," Mr Shurley told him, seemingly oblivious to the fact that Dean had already done so.  "What do you need?"
...  It's going to take me right back to high school and Robin—  Well, that doesn't matter.  Point is, my
Dean shook his head, belatedly noticing the weight in one of the pockets in Castiel's coat.  He put his hand in and brought out the cell he'd bought.  Scrolling through the contacts – there were only five – he found Balthazar, Bobby, Dean, Father, and Pamela Barnes.  He hit dial.
With a sigh, Dean leaned backwards until he was lying on the floor.  "I just feel that you deserve someone who can love you.  That can
In the end it was half past one when Castiel finally managed to half carry, half drag Dean into the apartment. Castiel had stuck to soft drinks once he realised that Dean wasn't going to take it as easy as he'd promised, but having never drunk before his first few beers had gone straight to his head and he was feeling distinctly woozy. All in all they'd visited three bars, and he'd sat and watched a drunken Dean hit on anyone and everyone with breasts for the past hour.
The front door slammed shut and Castiel sighed.  Whether it was because Dean's nightmares had disturbed his sleep or he had something on his mind, Dean wasn't behaving like his usual self.
When Cas slipped into bed, he didn't ask to snuggle Dean - he just shifted closer as soon as he was under the covers.  Automatically Dean raised his arm, draping it around Castiel's shoulders as their bodies pressed together, and kissed the top of his head once they were both comfortable.
Dean wrapped his arms loosely around Castiel's waist and grinned.  "Great, Cas.  Now let's aim for three next time, eh?"
This time when Cas took Dean's dick back into his mouth, he took him in a little further.  No more than was comfortable because, as Balthazar had informed him,
An uncomfortable silence fell between them.  Sam shifted his weight from one foot to the other, not knowing what to say or how to leave.  Cas stared at him, the silence worse than the strained conversation.
Castiel tried to think what he could have done to provoke Dean.  "I have been spending a lot of time with Balthazar."
, 'cause I broke my leg once and when I tried to stand on it, it gave out and I landed on my ass and it hurt like hell - my leg, not my ass," he clarified.  "What I'm trying to say is maybe you
When Castiel folded his arms and stared at him Dean realised he wasn't going to make it easy for him.  And deservedly so.
Castiel eyed Dean.  His focus was now solely on his pumpkin, not on Cas, and Castiel had a fleeting desire to be able to draw so that he could capture the intensity in Dean's face, as he scooped handfuls of guts and seeds into piles.  He startled himself with a laughed that had him clutching at his ribs in pain.
She looked between them, seeing the awkward flush on Dean's neck and noticing the way Castiel avoided her gaze as he tried to discreetly pull his outstretched hand away from Dean.  "Oh, shit."
"That was nice," he said, dragging the last piece of bread across his plate to mop up the sauce and stuffing it in his mouth before it could drip.
"Oh, just that there aren't any for months and then two come along at once.  Cas's birthday's coming up as well."
realise that I have no right to ask, but I swear if you could send us even $20 so we don't starve I'd repay you next week—"
"Don't ever make me do that to you again," Dean complained, cupping Castiel's cheek with one hand as he looked at him. But he wasn't mad – he was smiling; the relief that Castiel was still alive was evident in the way his face lit up.
