Before anyone could say another word, a car engine roared, drawing everyone's attention. With a style that only a spy could do, Natasha pulled up in a car—Now, Toni
Toni rolled back over and stared at her left arm, which was cast-less. She had seen a hot doctor (yes, she flirted), who had stated it had healed quite well and the cast could come off. He had told her that it was going to be sore, which it was, and that she should avoid any heavy lifting, but it was useable. Even with the pain, she was still glad it was off, because the cast was the most annoying thing on the planet and she would do anything to avoid getting another cast.
It annoyed her that he wasn't taking this seriously, that he wasn't taking her seriously. "Why are you following me?" she asked.
Salty narrowed his eyes as he took a seat at his desk. "Tell me what you need and I'll make sure that one of the men brings it back." He rested his arms on the table.
"That was me," she said, putting on the best mask that she could. "Rogers wasn't even here. I just didn't like the lamp. It was fugly."
"Better then you, Toni. I didn't faint from exhaustion," she replied. "Also, hadn't been kidnap as many times either."
Cho laughs as she glances to the door, eyeing it. Though it's impossible to see passed the curtains and blinds blocking their view, shadows and shapes are visible. There're three forms on the other side of the door, and it doesn't take a genius—even if he is one- to know who they belong to. The smaller form leaning against the door is clearly Natasha, while the two larger pacing forms are the Super Soldiers. "I'm sure Barnes and Rogers will see to it that you remain in bed," she says as she turns back to him.
Natasha's eyes softened as she looked at him. "Steve," she started, "Stop standing here and talk to her."
She knew he wanted an answer, but she wasn't able to answer him right now as she wasn't sure what she was feeling. She also wasn't sure if he meant physically or mentally, because she was hurting emotionally, and it was centered on her father. She couldn't handle questions, especially if she had to answer questions about her father. She couldn't believe she had hated him for so long. Why was she so stupid? "Why don't we make sure I don't die first before you ask me question, Brucey?" she said, trying to put on a smile.
to him. "40." She answered truthfully, or so she thought. She wasn't even sure she knew the real answer. She had truly lost track.
The man at the end of his arm could attest to this, though he didn't have long to say it, as the man was dead seconds later. With an arm through his chest, the unnamed man didn't have a chance, and that was the same with his black jacketed teammate, who fell dead a second later. Their deaths were quick though messy, and they had been unable to call for help, which art of surprise on the table. Though the asset didn't need the advantage, he didn't want them to see him coming. He wanted to kill them before they knew what hit them. He wanted him to fear him when they realized their death was near, as in his mind, they didn't deserve anything less.
"Well if you need help, let me know. I can be useful, though I have no idea of what that device really does besides hating me. Must take after you." He was eyeing her.
"Sssttteeevvveee," she uttered, dragging out his name. "The food! It's not practical." She could feel a tinkle raise up her back, and she just arched into him. "Oh, God." One of his hands found its way into her pants and things started to blend.
She didn't know how much time had passed, but she was at the alley's mouth before she knew it. She was practically faced down in the snow before she realized it. The freezing snow was almost refreshing as she breathed in the icily slush. It was like a cold snap to the hot nightmares that were forcing their forward, ripping apart her sanity. "Ah man, you did it, didn't you? You happy now?" she said, slowly as she took a few deep breaths.
Sassy Pants stepped back as if she had been shot and just stared wide eye at Toni unsure of what to say.
Plus, it was quiet with the moving trees as the only sound echoing through the valley… Well, plus her heavy panting. However, if it wasn't for the water bottle, she would've thought she had imagined the odd, heavily clothed man… Imagined it, which she had seemed to be doing a lot lately and people had started to notice. Started to notice her strange behavior… Noticed her exhaustion. Noticed she wasn't herself.
Toni closed her eyes as she counted backward, trying to force this ghost out, but it was too hard to think. To do anything. Her head felt like someone had taken a hammer to it. All she saw was his wrathful grimace.
Toni narrowed her eyes. She hated when people checked up on her, and it just made her want to punch something. "I'm fine. You can go tell Colonel Salty that."
He laughed, catching up. "I would rather you not, though you won't be able to land another hit. You got lucky."
Jarvis added, quickly, as if the AI sensed her distress through the phone. "Actually, Miss, it's charging, but the power source is questionable. It may not succeed in revitalizing the Mark 42." Instead of his smooth computerize voice, his voice sounded choppy.
For a split second, she allowed herself to be engulfed in his arms, his smell, his everything. She had forgotten how comforting this man was, how much she depended on his friendship, even if she never admitted it to anyone. This man understood her in ways that no one else did, and he wasn't one to lecture her, though he did address things with her whenever something upset him. "Bruce," she replied, with a deep breath.
She hated that god damn name. She wasn't a Sark, but revealing her real name wouldn't be wise. He wouldn't let her go if he knew she was a Stark. Then there was also the fact that she was a time traveler. "I won't tell you anything."
He put the file down slowly as he studied her. "You're being emotional. You need to test that device before you do anything," he said.
Howard appeared to be in his early twenties, but Toni couldn't guess his age without knowing the year. It had to be before 1943 as Steve Rogers wasn't Captain America yet. Her mind wandered to Rogers, who she would love to meet before serum. What would he be like? Would he still be a chauvinist ass? Okay, she knew he wasn't a total ass; he was a standup guy. And she knew he had been before the serum because Dr. Erskine wouldn't have picked him if he wasn't. Captain America couldn't be anything but great.
"Just stop," she yelled into the air. "I get it, okay! I'm a horrible person." She wasn't sure who she was talking to, or what she would happen if someone answered her, but she waited a few seconds for someone to answer her…like a crazy person. When no one did, she turned to Steve's side of the bed, willing him to be there. Her heart beat flickered, seeing a note on his pillow. Grabbing it with a shaking hand, Toni opened the note. It was a simple note that read: '
Steve nodded as he wanted to know what was happening with that mission. Did they find the devices? Did they know who was behind it? Steve so hoped they did, because if they did, they would be one step closer in bringing back Toni, his anchor. He would be able to sleep again. He would be able to dream again, knowing she was safe with him.
"It would be," he smiled back. He reached a little over her shoulder at his height now and it was weird to look down at him, because in her time, he was the one that had to look down. "I'm not surprise you can't remember," he stated. "When I found you, you were a mess. There had been a big gash and blood on your face."
Dugan took a wobbly step forward with his tatty cane pointing toward her. "Watch it, young lady. I'm your elder."
Tony's eyes shifted between Barnes and Rogers. There's something in both of their eyes, and Tony doesn't know what it is, but he can't look away. Are they really sorry? Or are they doing what Howard thinks everyone does when they say sorry? "Realize what?" he asks.
"Are you okay?" Steve hadn't left her side since they had taken down Killian. Barton, on the hand, was commanding the SHIELD agents that were on arriving on scene—well, between the banter and the insults.
Toni, but how could that be? How could Toni Sark be Toni Stark? Sure, if Toni Stark was older, he could see it, but she wasn't old enough to have been alive in the 1940's. "I don't understand," he muttered to himself. Did Fury mixed up the photos when he gave him Stark's folder? He had to have had… But the photo didn't look old.
Toni closed her eyes and forced herself to look away. She was seeing things; there was no one watching her. There couldn't be. Taking a deep breath, she put the clipboard down and nodded to her replacement, who had arrived. Not a second later, she took off. She didn't want to be there anymore and she wanted to get out of sight. Even if her stalker wasn't here, she couldn't help but feel eyes on her, and it sent chills up her spine. She felt like a coward, who couldn't do anything and that irritated.
"What are you doing out here without a coat? Why aren't you at the dinner with Bucky?" he asked. There was annoyance in his tone.
The sound of Romanoff's voice snapped Toni back to reality. "Not my fault you can't keep up," she replied back. The genius had no interest in slowing down. It felt like heaven to be flying again.
"I'm fine, Tasha. No need to babysit," he says, feeling exhausted. He would rather face an army of robots than deal with Natasha's hundred questions… Or maybe not. He's almost willing to answer Rogers' and Barnes' questions over hers. Almost. "I hear Rogers make a good nurse."
Toni wanted to protest but keeping her eyes open took all of her strength and she started to drift again.
Peggy glanced at Phillips. "She did admit something about the rector to Dr. Erskine. She might slip up again."
Toni looked at him expecting some kind of anger, but there wasn't any. "Yes," she said, closing her eyes as she couldn't take looking at the Colonel. After a few seconds of silence, she added, "Going to yell at me? Calling me heartless? Can't be any worse than what I call myself. I'm a heartless bitch, I know."
"I can't let you do that." He grabbed her shoulder to stop her. "Rogers told me that Hydra wants you, and we can't risk them getting you."
hiding in his lab, and everyone knows it, which Tony hates. He hates that everyone knows he's a coward, hiding from Barnes and Rogers.
The Super Soldier turned to get another bag, but before he could pick up another one, the door to the gym opened. There was only one other person (besides the employees on the bottom levels) in the tower at the moment, and that was Bruce. Now, Steve didn't have any issue with him (except when Toni was her touchy self), but he had no interest in talking to him. "Not now, Bruce."
"No last name, Toni?" he asked, sounding annoyed as he tapped his fingers against his leg. He didn't have time for this.
"Don-" Her throat burned. Maybe, she should just shut-up, because she was just hurting herself now. Plus, the lack of air in her lungs cut off her ability to speak.
Steve laughed as he checked the ankle brace. His face turned seriously, seeing the discolored skin. "You need to tell me if you're hurting," he said, flatly.
The bully dropped Steve and turned to her. He put on a creepy smile. "Look what we have here. You're such a pretty thing. Maybe, when I'm done with him, we can go out."
"Toni," Steve called, hands at his side. He knew her mood swings and how nasty she could be when she hadn't been sleeping. He knew how cold she could be when she had a bad nightmare. This mood was a clear sign that she had a horrible one, and it didn't help his urge to pull her into his arms.
Killian opened his month to respond, but the door to Pepper's office opened, stopping him. "I have to agree with that," a voice said from the door. The man's Brooklyn accent was strong and hard, almost striking. "You're lucky I don't hit you for touching my girl without her say so…well that is for any Dame."
This was why she on the top tower tonight, staring up at the night sky. With a hand grasping the ring and dog tags, Toni forced herself to take a deep breath, as she tried to compel herself to come up with an answer. She wished she knew what she wanted. She wished she knew what to do. Her mind was a mess, and working on little sleep, she couldn't tell what was up or down anymore. She was at a complete lost.
Her heart was beating a million miles per second, almost at heart attack levels, as Barnes' bloody dead flashed in her mind, and all she could see was his broken body. It left her countless questions. Was it painful? Was it a slow death? Did he die bloody? Did he suffer? His death had haunted her for so many numerous nights that she couldn't remember anymore. She hated herself for what happen to hm. She hated herself for what she did to Steve as well, allowing him to lose his best friend. She betrayed him, even if he didn't see like that.
The Asset snapped back to reality with a shooting headache. The pain was almost so great that it nearly sent him to his knees, and he was amazed when his knees didn't buckle underneath. Though it was irrational and impossible, he wished those words would disappear from his head and take the pain with them. They were nothing but a pain, and he didn't want them as they lowered his success rate. He couldn't function at 100% with these words in his head, and if he wasn't functioning normally, his handlers wouldn't have any need for him. They were get rid of him like the rest of the tools that they didn't need. They would kill him as what use would he be if he could not complete his task? He was supposed to kill, not think.
Harley didn't move from the car as he gave Toni the biggest puppy eyes that she had ever seen. She had to give credit to the kid for beating even Steve, who had the baby blues on this side. With the right tools, this boy would take over the world with his guilt-tripping skills, which was one reason why he shouldn't be hanging around with her. She would just make it worse, and the world wasn't ready for that.
She laughed. "This isn't about help. You want to know how I outsmarted you." She was being childish she knew, but it wasn't every day that she had her father guessing, and she was going to enjoy it.
him. Yes, she knew she was being selfish, putting so much on Steve, but she didn't care… Okay, she did. She didn't want to be a burden. She didn't want to be selfish. She didn't want to be that person, who forced him to choose between something he loved to do and her… but she needed him. She needed him at her side. She needed him to hold her, to tell her that everything was going to be okay. She needed him to be there.
She smirked at Toni as she took a step closer. "This is your defense mechanism. You put up a front, trying to portray this cold-hearted bitch, but inside, you're broken, destroyed... so shattered. Though you hide it with everything that you've got, you hope that someone will notice, but no one does or maybe...no one cares. Does it hurt to know no one cares?" she asked.
Then when JARVIS informed her that Toni had left the tower a few hours ago, Pepper almost had a heart attack right on the spot. How could Toni disappear so fast after reappearing? And how could they let Toni leave? How could the love sick
Again, Toni was silent, as she buried herself in his chest. She remained stilled for a few long minutes as tears fell from her eyes. "Are you planning in cooking? That might kill me," she finally teased. Her voice was hoarse.
"I have nothing to wear," she stated, pointing to her outfit. She looked like some hippy chick in what she was wearing, and she wouldn't be caught dead wearing this outside. Even in the past, she was still a Stark and she still had standards. "Do you see what I'm wearing?" she asked.
Her panic overtook her, and she stumbled, crashing to the ground hard. Her hands stung, as she caught herself. With her heart in her throat, she crawled to the wall on her aching knees and climbed to her feet. It took everything in her not to collapse again, and if it wasn't for the wall, she would've. Breathing heavily, she closed her eyes, as she tried to calm herself down. "Just breathe, Stark," she weakly ordered. "Breathe."
When Steve looked up at her, he wasn't sure if there was really a blush on her face or if he was imagining it; however, he could feel her heart beat rapidly against his hand. "I know." He replied. He knew she didn't mean it, any of it, and he refused to be angry at anything that she said. He knew how horrible nightmares could be and how moody they could make anyone.
"I respect a lady's wishes," he stated as he turned back to her. He held the clip behind his back. "You did ask me to leave. I will not impose myself on you."
Toni stared at his back for a few seconds before realizing that she wanted to chase after him. She had no idea of where that came from, being that he was being distance. She glanced at Gabe for a second before saying. "I quit. Vous gagnez," she said as she stood up quickly. Taking a deep breath, she chased after him before Gabe could respond.
Toni reached forward, attempting to place a hand on Steve's, but Steve jerked his hand away like he had been touched by fair. With a deep sigh, he leaned back in his chair. "Steve," she called, not liking the feeling bubbling inside of her. It felt like something was spoiled, feeling she was being rejected. It was an emotion that she didn't care for, especially when she knew why Rogers was doing this. With determination, she slid out of the booth, and before the soldier could bolt- not she would let him get far-, she slid in next to him. With a look that could drill through ice, she said, "I'm not going anywhere…well, unless another super soldier comes along, but we know that isn't happening. So, cut it out, or I will cut you out."
"Oh, look who we have here. Didn't your mother tell you shouldn't go out alone in the dark?" A voice called out.
That was one thing of the few things that she really missed from this time. JARVIS was everywhere, always giving her a helping hand when he was betraying her to Bruce, and Toni had no idea of how she lasted in the past without the AI. He listened and followed her every command, and she didn't feel like shit after talking to him.
"Things aren't so bad. Food's a lot better, we used to boil everything. No polio is good. Internet, so helpful. I've been reading that a lot trying to catch up." Steve answered.
"You're counting on her doing as you plan but you don't know if she will," Peggy stated. "Why would she risk it for a broken device? If she's really as smart as she wants us to believe, she could just make a new one."
"Sark?" Barnes looked at her as if he didn't believe her. "That makes sense. If you were really a Stark, why would you be staying with two random guys at a rundown apartment?"
To Toni's joy, she wasn't wearing a hospital grown, though she wasn't wearing shoes. Trying to be as quiet as she could, she looked for her boots; however, with each step she took, she thought her father was going to wake up. The man she knew was a light sleeper, and she always had a bad habit of waking him up when she was a child… which he hated. He was a beast when awoke.
"Tony." Her eyes soften. "What are you afraid of?" She steps toward him. "Why are you pushing them away? I can see that you have it bad for them too."
Her fear had turned to panic as she noticed the fading light coming from her Arc Reactor. No, she cried, as there was nothing she could do. She had never felt so alone and weak. Even when she was tortured for her weapons, she had Yinsen, who had saved her life, but now, the only thing keeping her alive was going out, and there was no one, who could help her. She wouldn't call for help, even in her own house, her home.
Toni pulled back her finger and looked at it. Staring at the fine cut on her finger, she eyed the blood droplets forming. "I don't understand," she uttered. How could the device survived the first transport, but not the return? It wasn't that she didn't trust the aged Commandos, but it didn't make sense. The return trip should look like the departure, should it not? And the device should've been survived, shouldn't it? And if it did, where was it?
"What? I think he would like to know so he can make the best out of these two weeks. He's your best friend."
She slapped him harder. "Put me down," she ordered as she glanced at Rogers who had turned away. She could see the tension in his shoulder, reminding her of the present day dick Rogers. Was this when he turned into an ass? She missed her shrimpy Steve, who had a heart of gold; she missed his sweetness, which could touch anyone's heart. Right now, he was acting cold, and it pissed her off as she had no idea of why he was acting his way. Sure, he could be mad that she disappeared but she didn't understand why it pissed him off so much.
Toni made her way to the weapons tent, where Salty had stationed her. As she was considered a soldier, she had a task like everyone else, even if she was from the future. It annoyed her though as she had no interesting in working in the weapons tent, but that would probably be the best spot for her, even if Phillips did this to her on purpose. He loved to mess with her, though he would deny it.
She pushed herself onto her elbow as she glanced at the window. The night sky was clear unlike the day before, and she could see the stars. She used to dream of traveling into space when she was a child, but now, the thought was a nightmare. A death sentence. She could feel her panic start to grow as she thought about it, and she hated herself for it. Why was she so weak? She felt like she-
When Tony's in pain, anger is his best friend, and he'll always go there. He'll always start a fight,
Steve glanced around the room, noticing a few eyes on him, which was just a sign that he needed to relax. He had to remind himself that this was just a game to Loki, who trying to get to them. The Captain knew this, but he couldn't help but fall for it. "He seems interested in T-Stark," he said, trying to play off his shock.
His statement about someone following her hit her like a ton of bricks. "That was your guy?" she asked shocked. She never expected his man to attack her. He could have killed her; he would've killed her if that mystery hero didn't jump in. "You had your man attack me?" she asked as she slammed her fists down on the table.
She glanced down at her cold, frozen feet before she glanced up at the light which was taunting her. It flicked, remaining dark a second later than it was light. "Maybe, I should've stayed in bed," she muttered. Her body was sore and her throat still ached. "Too weak to leave…" She glanced down at her shaky hands. "Too dangerous as well." There seemed to be a line of people after her.
Steve pulled back from Toni and turned toward Clint, giving him a Captain America stare; however, before Steve could respond, Toni spoke, "We're not having sex. We have too many clothes on for that, but we can fix that." She turned back to the Captain and tug at his shirt.
She loved…Wait, what? She l-loved him. She loved being with Steve. She loved his smile. His eyes, not an ounce of anything but love. She loved waking up to his affectionate smile. She loved being in his safe arms. She…loved him.
Steve, almost forgetting where they were, tried to take a step forward in his anger, but he realized when he put his foot down and stumble that he couldn't go after him. "You aren't going anywhere."
Romanoff followed his stare and stepped in front of it when she noticed where he was looking. "Don't overthink this. Stark is doing the right thing, by taking her time. Even if she doesn't completely understand it, she loves you."
While one hand held up the towel, the other traced the dim arc reactor. She was tempted to take it out and fix it, but she didn't have the right tools and she wasn't in the right location. She didn't need to faint while naked. That would be a very awkward, because at this time, her father would be the only hope that she had if the reactor failed, and she didn't want her father to see her naked, especially when he didn't know she was his daughter. Knowing her father, he would flirt and that would be…
And Question. Not saying i am going to do this, just looking for feed back. Looking for the opinion of my readers. I got a few people wanting this to be a True Steve/Toni/Bucky pairing. Now, I have nothing against that relationship, and I do enjoy those three together myself. However, I just want to see what you joy think. Let me know through the review.
"Yes, yours," he said, remembering her calling him that. At the time, he didn't much care for it, but he didn't mind it now; in fact, even though he would never admit it to her, he enjoyed it when she called him it, especially with the word 'my.' He wanted to be her everything.
Toni glanced at him before pulling up Rhodes' number. "Shut up," she begged, tears running down her painted covered face. "Please. Just shut up." Her throat was closing up.
she told herself. Maybe, she should've taken Loki's offer, even if it was the most obvious trap in the universe. She wouldn't be suck in this mess, though she would probably be in a bigger mess.
Steve took a step back, pulling the hood back over his head. "Well, I think I know what the ghost wants."
Steve was staring her eyes, studying her up as he was looking for a weakness. "Always a way out. You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero."
Schmidt chuckled at her before he crossed to the door and called for two Hydra soldier. "I am not your enemy, and you will learn this."
If Toni never saw Aldrich Killian again, it would be too soon. She had enough of his fake blond to last a life time; plus, he gave her a weird vibe, even without saying a word. Maybe, it was the disgusting smile on his face. "I knew you were a creeper, but this is a bit much. What? Maya isn't putting out?" she asked, croaking out her words.
Shaking her head, Toni didn't answer and walked away to find a seat. As she walked toward the front of the massive plane, she noticed a few stares, which she didn't like. It appeared that Phillip had been right, but she wasn't going to let that get to her. Speaking of the man, she spotted him near the front, and deciding it would be best to sit close to him, she made her way toward him. As she neared, Salty glanced up. "Colonel," she greeted as she took a seat next to him. She glimpsed down the plane toward Peggy, who was walking toward them in a slow pace.
"Sark," he stated. "Are you going to stop calling me Salty?" He eyed her. "I don't need my men to hear that."
"So you're saying that you found me in Camp Lehigh alone?" Toni asked, trying to make sense of what was going on in her head. No, that didn't make sense because she remembered the men in uniform. She remembered the strange man with the silver sleeve…Or…maybe, it was all in her head. She was half away out of it when she came too.
Knowing where Steve would have taken this man, Toni headed toward the alley. Again, she froze at the mouth of the alley. That damn night still haunted her day and night. How could she do anything if she was frozen with fear? She took a deep breath as she closed her eyes, trying to overcome her fear. "Not all alleys are bad," she told herself.
"I don't understand," he snapped, as he looked through the file, which was thicker than the others. He went cold at another picture of this Toni Stark, who had the same glow in her chest that his Toni had. They also had the same height, though Steve wasn't sure how he knew Toni's height. "Snap out of it," he told himself as he stared at the picture, his focus on the glow, which haunted him. "It can't be her, but it has to be. She wouldn't look that young. Maybe…." He shook his head. Nothing he came up with made sense.
Sam gave her exhausted look. "Well, it's a number, but not mine. It's for the VA." He paused for a second. "Or, maybe, it is mine. Just in case you ever wanted to talk. I can assume you can hire an army of therapist, but sometimes, you just need someone who been through what you have. Or rather, you just need someone who won't put up with your shit. And sometimes you just need to talk." Even though Toni didn't make a move, he didn't retract his hand.
Toni didn't care what meeting she had interrupted when she burst into his Salty's tent. She didn't care about the nasty looks and comments she received from the officers when they exited the tent. She didn't care that the Colonel looked pissed. She didn't care about anything besides getting into that Hydra Base. She knew she wouldn't get the Tesseract itself, but that cube was used to create Hydra weapons. Maybe, if she get her hands on those power cores in the weapons, she might be able to power her device.
Toni had tried to focus on him, but the dark spots started to form in her vision. She closed her eyes. She would focus on his voice, his calm relaxing safe voice. She would never admit it, but she loved to listen to his voice. No, she didn't care for what he said half of the time, but his voice calmed her. She loved its tone and how innocent it sounded. "I-I…c-can't," she stated.
He stepped closer to her, before glancing toward Phillips and Peggy. They were head deep into their own conversion, but Phillips was keeping a close eye on Toni and Howard. "Sorry for being such a horrible father."
Pepper shook his hand, noting his strong grip, before she stepped back and turned to Bruce. "Someone explain to me what happened? Where's Toni? And what's with Steve's gloom?" she said, loudly.
After making it to the control room, Toni took a seat at the control panel and started to touch things in a random pattern, trying to make something happen. There were so many random and weird switches that Toni didn't know what to make of them, and she couldn't figure out any logical behind anything. However, there was one thing about Toni that she couldn't deny: at times, she was the luckiest person on the planet and she was lucky then. She was able to hit the right switch and was able to find a video feed.
Toni wanted to scream, because she didn't know what else to do. Though the device hadn't shocked her in a while, she couldn't get it to do anything besides sending her back one fucken minute; however, she couldn't be sure it did even that. Her clock could've been off for minute for all she knew, but that couldn't be right as the object at the end of the table moved slight. Then again, that could've been her imagination. That damn device was driving her crazy and it was hard to tell what was real.
Fighting to stay upright, she wriggled her feet as she held the jacket tight around her. "…No. I just…" She wasn't thinking right when she bolted from the room.
After that fight, Rogers (he was Rogers again to her) and Toni hadn't spoken in a few days. She knew Rogers wanted to talk to her as she caught him staring at her, but she wasn't going to make the first move. She refused to make the first move, because she was Toni Stark, damn it. People came to her, not the other way around. Besides, it would be best if they didn't make up. She didn't need him missing her.
He put the paper down slowly and turned to her, but his eyes didn't stay on her for long. "It came out wrong before."
The next morning, Toni had no inkling of why she thought it would be a good idea to make breakfast for the guys when she had a broken arm, an arm that she was glaring at in the hopes that it would get better by magic. She burnt the bacon, which she could deal with as crispy bacon was the best; however, the eggs were a different story. Toni had completely burn them, which irritated her. She picked up the pan from the stove, which took her awhile to figure how to turn on (she didn't think it was a stove to begin with) and threw the pan in the trash. She had burnt the pan beyond repair in her eyes. "I'll buy them a new one," she muttered to herself. Every cent was important, but she didn't like to be in anyone's debt. She didn't want to owe anyone anything.
, and he hates that he has allowed himself to be so stupid. His fucken father was right, and he hates that.
Steve took a seat at the hole's edge and hanged his feet over. "I'm just worry about Toni," he said after a few seconds of silence. He was staring at his hands, unsure of what to do with them.
"Then why are you out here without a coat?" he asked, softly. There was worry in his voice, which shocked her, as she was a complete stranger to him in this time. "It's very cold out here."
It was harder to stay away from Toni than he had expected, because her face was everywhere and every time he saw it, he was drawn to it. If he saw her face on a magazine, he had to buy it. If she was in a newspaper, he had to read it. If he heard her name on the street, he had to stop and listen. He had to bring to sketchbook with him wherever he went in case the urge to draw forced it way up to the surface. So far, it had happened quite a few time and each picture was of Toni in different poses; the last pose was her in one of those weird suits that she had created. He had seen a video of her flying in the suit and he couldn't help but draw it as she seemed so free flying.
His voice made her tremble, because she could tell he was serious, and there was no doubt that they had almost killed her a few times.
As her father spoke, she felt her nerves increase and some strange energy rushing through her, keeping her awake. "How's that the correct word?" she asked. "We aren't family, unless you know something I don't." She was stalling through her panic and she hoped it wasn't visible. It wasn't possible, there was no way he could know.
"Okay, first things first, I need the armor. Where are we at with it?" Toni asked, wishing she had the AI at her side at this second. It made her skin itch being unable to connect to JARVIS.
"Yes, now kiss me and shut up, Cap?" Tony says, knowing it's stupid to fight what he's feeling. These two didn't give up before, and he can tell these two won't give up now, not after what Natasha had told them.
For a few seconds, she thought about jamming the blade into Rollins' throat, but the thought felt like acid in her throat. It wasn't like she hadn't killed a man before—her hands were bloody-, but she had never killed a defenseless person, and at this moment, that was Rollins. It would be murder. It would be something she could never look pass, even though he would probably enjoy killing her. "You're lucky I'm not you!" she sneered, cutting seatbelt. "If I were you, you'll be dead."
It came at her like a pound of bricks. Howard used to talk about him, whenever he talked about Rogers. This man had helped to produce Captain America. Sure, he wasn't Dr. Abraham Erskine, the man who had created the famous Captain, but he was one of the reasons why the project existed. "Well, Colonel Salty, why am I here?" she teased. He seemed like a salty character to her.
"You can't afford me," Toni said, her eye twitching. Again, she struggled against her restraints, causing the dog tags to ding as they hit the rector. "You couldn't even afford my right shoe."
After a few seconds of staring off at the wall, he rotated onto his back and stared up at the off-white ceiling. Sleep didn't come even though he was dead tired, and he didn't know how to deal with that. Like with alcohol, pills didn't work as his system just worked them out. He supposed he could just count sheep, but he got distracted after he reached 100. The only he could do was closed his eyes and hope sleep would come to him.
She knew how he felt. "It's fine, Steve." She would be insulted as well if someone tried to save her.
The voices were getting louder, interrupting her rest. She needed to sleep, damn it. Toni groaned as these voices were giving her a headache. Why couldn't they shut it? Why was there so many voices? She just wanted to listen the one.
He looks familiar, Toni thought as she took in the Colonel, which she could tell by his uniform. He was an older man, who was balding. "Ello, Colonel," she smiled, trying to figure out where she knew him from. The meds were making it harder for her to remember.
"I'm going," Toni responded as she reached down for her bag. She slipped her arms though the straps and pulled it on her back. "Schmidt has something I need," she stated, unsure if Barnes knew who that man was.
"The lab is under lockdown and no one is allowed in until a full scan is completed," JARVIS stated. "That is the protocol that Miss Stark had written."
"You are deluded, Captain. You pretend to be a simple soldier, but in reality, you are just afraid to admit that we have left humanity behind. Unlike you, I embrace it proudly. Without fear!" He yelled.
"You think I care about others? I don't give a flying crap," Toni replied, as she searched for some kind of weapon. Having fallen to the ground as well, her device lay on the floor, exposed to the world; the core was jarred from the center. A few of the wires had snapped back, but it was still connected. "Just here for myself."
With a deep breath, Toni reached for the disconnected wire that she had left disconnected from the core, because she didn't want to risk the device going off by itself. If it did, not only would someone get hurt but she would be stuck here.
innocent. Even though his touches were innocent, there was something intimate about the way that he touched her. It was a loving touch.
Why couldn't she just listen? It was frustrating him to no end and he was left pondering why or how he was in love with this woman. How could he love someone who stood against everything that he stood for? He liked order and structure, but she loved disobedience and madness. She didn't listen no matter what the subject was and he just wanted her to shut up and listen. However, the only way he would think of doing that was just to grab her and kiss her, which was what he wanted to do so badly. He wanted to hold her tightly and kissed her until she shut up.
Rhodes' face turns cold as he stares down the Captain. "Rogers, no," he says, unkindly. "I got him. You don't need to worry." Jim narrows his eyes between the two, almost daring them. "Why don't you two go sit down?"
Toni had said it before, and she would say it again: heels were the play thing of the devil. Whoever created heels was the devil, and he or she deserved death…though he or she was probably dead already. Toni only lasted a few hours in heels the first day before she switched to a pair of converse, which she wore daily. She knew Pepper would kill her if she was here to see her in the improper foot wear, and Toni got some pleasure knowing that Pepper would be throwing a fit if she saw. She could and would smile at that.
"Fine," Toni snapped. "Wait until he's out of combat and not in any danger. Less than mile away from the nearest Quinjet. Let's make him walk, because again, sharing is not caring, and I don't share well," She replied, turning to the elevator.
There were very little movement around her, as the rain weighed everything down. The sounds from the city were drowned out by the water droplets, and it was like the park was separated from the city. It was like it was its own entity, and it was almost freeing in some sense. It was nice to only hear the rain in a city that was so loud; however, she didn't get to experience that for long, as she suddenly heard something behind her.
"Yes," Rhodes said, sounding calmer at the sound of the heartbreak in Steve's voice. "Now, what are you going to do about it, Rogers?"
He looked at her, before leaning toward her and taking her into his arms. "You're anything but shitty."
He was someone that Toni had no interest of leaving in the dust. The very idea hurt; it felt like a knife to the gut. Regardless, she doesn't know what to tell him. Yes? No? Hell yes? Keep dreaming buddy? She wasn't sure. She didn't even know what she wanted. Again, marriage was something that she ever dreamed about, especially after seeing how broken her father was after her mother's death. To her, marriage was a painful thing that she avoided at all cost. She saw nothing good coming from it.
And though she hated to admit it, it warmed her heart to see him there. She could imagine him sitting at her bedside, even if he never had. She could imagine this man doing a lot of fatherly things, unlike the man she grew up with. However, she didn't have time to ponder that. She had to get out of here and back to her time, where she hoped would free her from the nightmares. Moving slowly, she swung her feet over the bed and pushed herself to her feet. She wobbled for a minute before gaining her balance.
He leaned his forehead against her, still cupping her cheeks. "I mean it, Toni. I'm here for you through everything."
Toni turned back, looking at them, and she knew all of them were annoyed with her but she couldn't find the urge to care. "Just go dancing or something," she stated as she turned to leave.
Toni let out a groan, giving in and accepting his offer. "Okay, but you so need to buy me dinner first," she replied, relaxing in his grasp. With a deep breath and pushing slightly, she allowed him to get her into a sitting position.
"He figured you might try something, so he wanted to make sure you would only end up where you're supposed to."
She smirked as she came across the room that held her device. She almost didn't believe it that she made it through the building without getting caught. She tried to open the door, but not to her surprise, the door was locked. There was nothing to hack and she would've to pick the lock the old fashion way. She got down on her knees and took out one of picks. Keeping an eye on video feed, she started to pick it. She twisted the metal shaft, but the lock didn't click. Instead, the tool slapped in her hand. "Fuck," she cursed.
"Steve," Natasha uttered. Her voice softer than he had ever heard. "We will find her. We will not rest until we do. I can promise you that."
If it was possible, Toni's anger grew. Besides the sleeping pills she was currently using like vitamins, she wasn't using any type of hard drugs, granted she couldn't say in her youth that she hadn't. She had been a wild child, much to her father's displeasure. Now, she wouldn't even think about touching any hard drugs. Besides, she had liquor-hard liquor-, and it gave her the numbness she needed. "Why don't you release me and I show you how I feel about that idea?" she snapped, trying to force back the pain.
With each passing second, Toni felt herself get anger. Why was he forcing her to listen to this? It had to be a show, an attempt to get her to see he was superior in every way, but that would not change her mind. Surely, he knew this, because if she didn't bend under torture, she would not bend to his words.
The Captain's brain wasn't working, still frozen. How did this young man know who Toni was? Sure, everyone knew who Toni was, but it sounded like he had met Toni in person. However, how was that possible? Toni was missing.
"Yea," she uttered, as she sat on the cold ground trying to ignore her freezing ass- not that her exhaustion allowed her to think of such things. As if her suits were still exploding, she mindlessly stared up at the sky. "And it's about time SHIELD showed up. Lazy. Those assholes waited until after we have taken care of the issue."
He glanced at Steve before taking a step to the side. "So not worth it," he stated as he turned to leave. "But if you change your mind, Fire Rocket, let me know." He slapped her on the ass before leaving.
he told himself, still watching the two work. He let out a sign of relief when Toni stepped away from Banner to look at a different monitor. However his relief was short life, when Toni stepped back to Banner. She played with something in hands as she stepped back Banner. It amazed him to how touchy she was with a man she had just met.
She shook her head as she glanced up at him. "Trust me, I'm really. Can't wait to get your smell off me."
She thought. She didn't know that the movie was just released. "I saw it a few nights ago." He was eyeing her again with a strange look that she didn't like it. It was clear he didn't believe her. "But, yea, let's go see a movie."
Wiping her mouth on her sleeve, she made her way toward the light, but the feeling in her stomach didn't go away. It stayed there, haunting her, almost to the point that she wanted to puke again. Shaking her head, she tried to force out the negative thoughts, because all those thoughts did was put her in a very dark place, a dark place she never wanted to go to again.
Rogers turned and Toni's breath got stuck in her throat. His right eye was black and blue. How didn't she notice it before? "I don't know. Nowadays, I don't know what he's up to." He smiled weakly at her.
Again, Toni didn't know when she had fallen asleep but she awoke to the sweet aroma of food. She forced her eyes open to find that delicious food as she was going to steal it. To her luck, it was on a food tray directly in front of her, and it was mouthwatering. She hadn't had a good meal in a while; heck, she couldn't even remember the last time she had a meal like that.
"Steve, it isn't your fault," Peggy said, her accent heavy. He turned to her and before he could respond, she reached up onto her tiptoes and kissed him. At first, it looked like he was going to push Peggy away, but instead, he pulled her in and kissed her back.
"You call that getting along?" Toni replied, holding the folder tightly. Did she deserve to read it when she was making jokes with her father? "I'm planning to take over his company and then he'll have to work for me." She held back her laugh this time as it was the truth. She would run Stark Industries in the future, though her father probably wouldn't like how.
she thought as she noticed two empty corridors. She turned around and took off in that direction, knowing that she had to hurry while she kept an eye on the feed to make sure she stayed out of view of the cameras.
The Brooklyn Twins look at each other, sharing a telling look, before looking back down at the genius. "Talk to us. Please tell us what's going on in that head of yours."
she told herself, refusing to think of a future. She was getting ahead of herself. Really ahead of herself.
"I wish you would stop calling me back, but at least, you didn't call me that in front of my Officers."
She really didn't like how he said the word home. He had no idea of what home was. "Why would I promise you anything? And why would I especially promise you something when I'm not sure what it is that I am promising?" He wasn't being forthcoming and she wasn't stupid. He knew if she knew what he wanted, she wouldn't give him shit.
She almost forgot that she was wearing the ugly nurse's outfit. "I'm being held prisoner without just cause," she stated, glancing toward the window. She wondered who was behind it, but she was sure it was her annoying father and Dr. Erskine.
Toni let him have his fun, as she caught a few pointed looks. She was so not in the mood for teasing. Even if she was feeling ill, she was ready to beat someone's face in.
"Why is that?" he asked, knowing that Romanoff probably had a point. If he was going to do it, he would've done it already, but things had changed and he couldn't keep it in anymore.
Forcing her hand to remain her side, Toni tried to force the names on those tags out of her mind. "Well being a soldier was my cover, which had to be some kind of practical joke. Me follow orders? Yea right."
"You have to go," She replied, slowly. "I'm a good girl. I…. No, wait. That's a lie. I'm bad. Completely bad." She put on the dirtiest smile that she could muster. "But I can take care of myself." She intended that to be dirty, though she wasn't sure if he got what she meant. "If you know what I mean."
Toni smiled at him. "Damn straight." Even when she was back in the future, she would still be playing that card on Captain Rogers. "Besides, I'm not mad. Just annoyed. You can't keep fighting guys who are bigger than you."
"Some would call it stupid to follow a stranger into a dark alley at night," the stalker stated. His voice was rough and emotionless, and that shocked her.
Toni let out a chuckle as she tied a light scarf around her waist to give the illusion of hips. "Do you think my face counts as credits?"
He glanced toward her as he washed the dishes. It didn't seem like he had any interest in eating the bacon, which was okay with her. She could eat it all herself. "He left early."
it, not that you would ever admit if you did. However, I'll leave you my coat, because my father taught me to be a gentleman, and this is the gentleman thing to do."
Protects your heart? The Colonel thought about that for a while as it had answered one of his questions. If it was protecting her heart, her heart mustn't be the problem. There had to be something inside her that was attacking her body.
Toni had an urge to look up at him, but she forced herself to look at the shield. "Can we…go back to the tower… and watch a snappy Disney movie?" she asked, weakly. She wanted—needed something to take her mind off everything.
"Maybe so, but it does not matter. You will break," he stated as he waved his soldiers forward. "And you will tell me everything. No woman can outlast me."
Dugan laughed. "I wish we knew the Dallas Cheerleaders, but sadly we don't. You can ask Toni thought. I bet she knows them," he replied with a slight blush. "I bet she knows a lot of people."
Steve was going to let her walk by with a nod, but maybe, she knew where Toni was. Maybe, Rumlow was right, and Rollins had Toni right in this building. "Neighbor." He paused for a second as she passed by him. "Any idea where they took Toni? Rumlow said he was taking her to a SHIELD lab."
Toni looked up. "I ate breakfast," she said, lying. Toni couldn't recall the last time she ate; heck, she was lucky that she could remember the last time she left her lab. Pepper didn't need to know that. She didn't need that lecture.
She let out a chuckle. "I am no fool. I know they are watching. I won't say anything until I know for sure we're alone," Toni said as she leaned forward on the table.
Breathing heavily and feeling her muscles twitch, Toni slowed down to a crawl as she moved over to the side of the path. Not a second later, she was bent over, panting heavily with sweat pouring down her face and body. Everything was spinning as she tried to catch her breath. Even with a few deep breaths, she was still panting, struggling to catch her breath. She had no idea why she was having a difficult time, when she wasn't out of shape in way…Though, did not sleep count for being out of shape? If so, then Toni was so out of shape that it was amazing that she was live.
The genius turned back slightly and looked at Peggy over her shoulder. "And Salty doesn't like his, but I still call him that." She put on a big smile. "Besides, we can't like everything." She could see Peggy's eye twitch, and it was hard to hold back her laugher.
Toni almost let out a sigh of relief as Steve took control, but with the angry Pepper beside her, she knew she had to deal with her now. It was only way to settle the CEO. "Pep," she said, turning to her. "You want to talk? Let's talk. Let's go Rhodes." She could see the rest of the room step forward at that, but she didn't let them interject as she left.
"Why don't you tell us about it?" Toni said, suddenly realizing that she wanted to know how Steve and Bucky, the Brooklyn Twins, spend their Christmas. Sure, she had been in the past during the Christmas season, but it passed without any one really noticing.
She never finished her sentence as Toni grabbed her from behind. After scuffling for a few minutes, they both ended on the ground. "Calm down," Toni whispered as she rolled on top. She had been trained to defend herself, but it was challenging with a broken arm.
Steve glanced toward Barnes, who had stopped at the end of the alley. He eyed them but he didn't walk back to them. "Toni? Is this about me fighting again?" She had made it clear that she didn't like him fighting bigger, stronger man, who could easy kill him. "I can't just sit on the sidelines. You know this."
she thought to herself as the blanket fell to the ground. It was like she could breathe again as it fell.
"I've done nothing wrong, so give me back my items and let me go," she demanded. She tried to cross her arms but couldn't thanks to the handcuff. "I've a right to design and invent advance technology." She forced her thoughts away from the Arc Reactor that Phillips was staring at. "They're my property."
She took a deep breath as she tried to get the nights events out of her mind. She hadn't felt this useless in a while and that was something she didn't know how to handle. "Please, leave me alone," she begged as she looked at herself in the mirror. She was a hot mess and not in a good way. Her hair was a mad mess and her clothes were filthy. She had a huge scratch on her face and a red hand print around her neck. "Please, just go."
"Play date, Dear. I have to make sure all of your friends are clean." She could trust Sam…Well, maybe. He did pass the background that JARVIS ran on him, and Toni now knew where he shopped for his food. There was a small family own store down the street that he often went to. She also knew where he brought his clothes. Okay, she undoubtedly over stepped, but now, she knew he wasn't hiding something.
Hey all! Hey is the next Chapter for you. I hope you enjoy it. It's almost twice the size of the first Chapter. Didn't mean to make it so long, but I hope you enjoy it
Her device was a few feet from her, but she still hadn't had the chance to test it with the hydra core as Howard wouldn't let her near it. He had been careful and had made it impossible for her to steal it, like he knew what her plan was. She didn't like that he was able to read her like he had.
He was showing his teeth with that smile, and she had to give it to him; he had a sexy smile. She had already thought that, but now, she was sucked in with it. "So why did you let Rogers believe that I lost my memory?" she asked. He had gotten her curious.
"You should watch what you say," Agent Carter warned as she walked out of the room. "And the exit is this way." She turned to the left and waved Toni to follow her.
Toni rushed to the freezer for some ice. "Let's put something on that," she said. To her luck, there was an old fashion ice pouch, which was probably a sign that Rogers got hurt a lot. She didn't understand why he did that. What was the point in fighting if he was going to lose? "Go sit down," she ordered, as she tried to project Pepper.
The change in her Best Friend's tone didn't surprise her, but it still left her a bit stunned. "He's on a mission, saving the world. It's fine," she replied, though she had no idea if it was really fine. She had no idea when Steve would be back… if he would be back for Christmas. She wasn't so sure if that was a bad or good thing since she wouldn't be getting her hopes up. Sure, it was Christmas, but she wouldn't be able to handle the pain of a letdown, if she let herself believe he would be back in time.
Barnes couldn't take his eyes off the fight between Schmidt and Steve, who seemed to be losing this fight. It was shocking to Barnes because he didn't think it was possible for Steve with his new strength to lose. If Steve did lose, he had no idea of how he would get out or save Toni.
Rogers looked taken back. "I just need one name. Sergeant James Barnes from the hundred and seventh."
Natasha's eyes widen. "What?" she utters, and for once in her life, she looks shocks which is surprising.
"Because your drive is impressive." She smiled. "They'll want someone with that kind of drive." Rogers…No, Steve. She would refer to him as Steve. She liked past Steve and she would refer to him by Steve; however, future asshole would still be Rogers to her. "I don't like it when you're depressed."
"She didn't have a good relationship with her father," Romanoff stated. "I can understand, so for her sanity, just drop it." Romanoff wasn't her biggest fan, so it was something to hear her defend Toni.
He wasn't wrong. Toni may flirt, but she wasn't a cheat, and he would never need to worry about that. "I see it now, Rogers," she smiled. "You would probably just watch."
She might as well show them now and get this over with as they would notice soon enough. She took another deep breath, as she wiped her tears again. "You guys are worrying for nothing," she declared, turning around. She tried her best to put on a smile as she stared them down. With his arms folded across his chest, Barnes was leaning against the counter, and Steve was standing in front of the couch. She could see the looks on their faces when they laid their eyes on her. She did not like it one bit.
He really was naïve, wasn't he? Or was it just this time? She would give him the benefit of the time for now. "If I didn't already think you were a murderer, I do now," she laughed.
Toni's hands shook and gave out, and she fell back into the cheap hotel bed which felt like a rock. "Hey, now. If I can't sell tickets, there'll be no old man fight."
She couldn't tell if she was speaking, or if words were even coming out of her mouth anymore. Even if they were, she wasn't sure what she would be saying. She wasn't even sure what specific words meant anymore as her mind felt like a haze. She didn't even know her name as all she knew was pain.
Peggy laughed. "No, I don't think he can, but he keeps insisting with time he could be." She glanced at Toni who had picked her head back up and was glaring. It was clear she was restless and annoyed. "However, he's too busy trying to figure out the other device that was found with her."
"I never miss," he said, as he let the arrow fly. The fire man—AGAIN, what else did you call these people? Flame people? Human torches?— stumbled back as ice exploded from the tip of the arrow. A gift to the Barton, though she wondered what he did to deserve it.
Shaking her head, she stepped away. "You're fooling yourself," she told herself, as she crossed to the window and stared out at the busy city street. They had been on the move nonstop for several weeks, and Toni had lost count to how many cities and camps she had been.
The look in Steve's eyes changed again as he stepped toward Toni. This time, he had seen the change in her shoulders. "What?"
Shaking his head, Steve unclicked his seatbelt and kept his head low as he stepped out of the helicopter onto the helipad at Stark Tower, which he hadn't left except for missions. The propeller created wind batted him as he stepped away. Once he was a safe distance away, he stood up straight and turned back, watching the helicopter take off. "I don't trust Fury."
"There will be no calling the Pirate!" Toni said, stepping through the door with a smile on her face. "This is a pirate free Zone. Besides it takes too long to debug the Tower after his visits."
She was still wearing the black outfit that she had worn when she had snuck into Stark industries. For being in a cell for a few weeks, she didn't look all that bad, but she looked tired and worn out. "Well, it's hard to build an engine or a generator when wearing a skirt. Have you try to bend down while wearing a dress? It's the most awkward thing on the planet!" She paused and thought about her statement. "No, wait. I take that bad. That's the second most awkward thing on the planet. Me trying to play wingman to Steve Rogers is the most awkward thing on the planet." She let out a painful chuckle. "He can't even talk to a woman without breaking out in a cold sweat."
After making sure the wrap was secure, he leaned forward and gave Toni another kiss. Her arms went up around his neck, as he pulled her into his arms. Picking her up gently, he brought her to his chest, and not breaking the kiss, he stepped to the top of the bed. He was able to pull back the blanket without breaking the kiss. He set her on the bed as gently as he could, and before stepping away, he deepened the kiss. He took control, not that Toni was giving him much of a fight. He sucked on her bottom lip for a few seconds before he broke off. Again, Toni groaned as he pulled away. "Let's get you to bed," he said, as he covered her with the blanket.
With his back to his friend, he took a seat and stared out the window. He had gotten lucky. He had made it back to the apartment before it started to rain down ice. "So be it."
"I don't think it'll be on purpose, Rogers," Rhodes said. "You and Toni are like oil and water. Like cats and dogs. You're going to fight. Going to yell, and whatever this is shouldn't work, but-"
"I didn't bolt. I just tired of Eye Patch." Toni didn't bolted and she would deny until she was blue in the face. "Besides, I have something on my mind," she replied, giving him a look.
"Toni was there. She was captured and tortured by the Red Skull," Steve revealed. It made him sick and mad as he thought about it. How could anyone torture a woman?
Toni stepped in and closed the door behind her. In front of her was an empty room filled with 4 large monitors with images that changed every few seconds. From the floor to the ceiling, three walls were lined with large fat computer towers. She had forgotten how gigantic computers were in this time. Getting over her shook, she took a seat behind the monitors and eyed the keyboard, if she could call it that as it didn't even look like a keyboard. She plugged in her scanner, and she started to type away. She would need to be fast about this, because the guy who was supposed to be stationed here could be back at any second.
With her arms folded across her chest, Toni glanced at him before looking down at the table. As it was a 1940's, it took Toni a few seconds to realize what she was looking at. She could see a few enemy camps close to where they were. She suddenly realized why Barnes didn't like her to stray too far. "So is this why you asked me here?" she asked.
"But I do," the Agent responded with a weak smile. "I will make it up and be there through it all." Before Toni could respond, Peggy pulled her into a hug. "Just imagine all of our girl nights together."
Toni turned him, eyeing him. Maybe, she should tell them where the plane went down. She could tell how much Steve meant to all of them. Maybe, Steve would be happier in this time with his friends and…Peggy. Maybe, that was why she was here in the first place. Maybe, it was fate's way of telling her that she should change the future. Maybe, it would be for the best. "He…was," she said, stumbling over the word was.
Panic forgotten, Toni's head shot up, turning toward the voice. Her heart leaped, seeing her Father leading across the doorframe. He held expression that she couldn't read. "Dad?" she asked, her entire body was shaking as Howard took a step forward.
"You just like to hear your own voice," the woman stated as she let go of Toni's collar and grabbing her neck.
Said Time Traveler could barely comprehend her name as Peggy said it. Everything felt distance to Toni as she slipped the other boot on. It wasn't until Peggy placed a hand on Toni's shoulder that she snapped back to the Agent, who was looking at her worried. "Peg," she replied.
"You came here to speak to me about my love life, Loki? Really?" Her day was getting worse and worse, wasn't it?
"O', I know." She paused. "And I'm not a Fire Rocket." She still had no idea of why this solder would call her that. She was a hot head, but she wasn't sure she would call herself a fire rocket.
The little Captain lowered himself down to her. "I…I have always been this size," he stated, unsure of himself.
"I don't like being handled things," she said, feebly. She sound pathetic as she had a hard time controlling her breathing.
The Colonel let out a sigh before he turned back to Toni. "Toni, you've been running yourself into the ground, and you need to realize this. You need to understand that you aren't immortal, that you're human."
Tony doesn't answer as his brain goes into overdrive. The tiniest things are getting to him, and he doesn't know how to handle it. For example, he doesn't know where to sit. Sure, Rhodes has offered to cuddle with him, but he has no idea of where he's supposed sit. His old spot, before he started to date the Soldiers, is an oversized recliner, but Clint's currently in it and it looks like he has no interest in moving. He can't sit in the empty sofa that he sat in the last time, because that's where Barnes and Rogers sit. They've been sitting there for months, and Tony only sat there when he stared to date the two. And now, that seat's forbidden to him, so Tony stares, unsure where to sit.
He gave her a smirk. "Anything from you," he stated. He was an endless flirt, just like her, but there was a way about him that drove her crazy.
Still on alert, Sam turns toward Tony, giving him the stink eye. "No, we're not. I hate that movie."
Before either man could say anything or even react, Toni bolted. She heard Barnes calling after her, but she would not stop. She could not stop. His death kept playing in her head, and her guilty was weighing on her. Though she hadn't known how he died, she kept seeing his death and each way was different. She had to get those images out of her head or she was going to go crazy.
"Nothing." He says, and he isn't lying. They haven't done anything really; Tony just realizes this isn't going to work no matter much he l- Nope! He isn't going to say or think those words, not now. Not ever. He can't think of those three little words, because they're only a painful reminder. A painful tease. Yes, Tony has no doubt that those two care for him, but he knows it can't be any more than that. He just knows it can't. "They didn't do anything."
Steve looks at James, giving him a look before he turns back to Tony and caresses his face. "We wouldn't dream of it. Trust us. We won't do that again. Not again." He has a smile on his face as he looks into Tony's eyes. "You will
That sentence irritated Toni. After that promise she had made, she couldn't leave him unless to go home as he was broken like her. Even without the promise, she didn't want to leave him. If he was anything like her, he was broken over the loss of Bucky.
"What happened to you?" Toni asked worried. She was ready to beat the asshole that attacked Rogers. No one was allowed to mess with him but her.
In hesitation, he took a few steps toward her. "Couldn't sleep," he stated, shrugging it off. "How are you?"
"Like I know mine," he replied. "And there's a lot of resources that come with being a Stark. Of course, you know that very well, Toni."
"You underestimate her; there's no way that you could've shoot her. She isn't one of our top agents for nothing. The cadets learned that the hard way during boot camp."
His hand traveled check, caressing her cheek as he leaned down, placing a soft kiss to her lips. Her lips were warm compared to the rest of him, but she remained in his cold arms. "A tree. It isn't December without one," he said, against her lips. "I think we picked out a nice one."
For those interested folks, I want to go into Captain America: Winter Soldiers, though I would have to get through this story first. :)
"We don't know that yet," Peggy responded, eyeing Toni. "And you don't think she's a spy now?" She leaned against the glass, watching Erskine leave.
As the four of them stepped into one of the elevators in Stark Tower, Toni whipped the heavy, 1940 military jacket off. She ignored the look that Trip, Jones, and Dugan was giving her. She wasn't sure if it was because she threw it aside so vigorously or rather they were worried about her. She was still a little ify on her feet, though she wasn't sure if it was because she was still tired or if her nightmares were getting to her.
Bucky walked to Steven and put his hand on best friend's shoulder. "Calm down and take a deep breath. You're getting worked up over a total stranger."
Barnes took a deep breath as he walked pass her. Toni eyed his back as they made their way slowly toward the base. They were crunched low as Barnes kept his gun pointed forward. He continuously scanned the area looking for any signs of movement or an enemy scout team.
Toni let out a sighing smile as she recognized that British accent. "Geez, Peg. Keep it down. We don't want to wake Stark. We'll never hear the end of it, if we do," she replied, back stepping to the bed to sit. She didn't have the energy to put her shoes on standing up.
"One-sided love." Steve looked at him as if he was pained by it. "She doesn't think Toni will love you back, granted she doesn't think much of love anyhow so I am not sure if she's a good judge."
Toni was still fighting in his arms and didn't answer alright away. However, after a few long minutes, her struggles died down and she went stiff in his arms. "I-I didn't tell J-JARVIS to call you." Closing her eyes, she buried her face in his chest, and it was hard to make out what she was saying. She was shaking, crying heavily, and no matter how he held her, he could not calm her. Her sobs were loud and wet, but Steve didn't care. The only thing he cared about was comforting her, loving her. "S-Steve," she uttered into his chest. "I d-didn't…."
For a few seconds, Toni was speechless and had no idea of what to do or say. Sure, she joked about having kids, but when did she say that she wanted kids? Did she even want kids? The genius wasn't sure, but she knew the idea didn't completely scare—not like it did in the past. Previously, she ran screaming if she saw a beast or even heard one, but now, it was different. Sure, they still freaked her out, but for some reason, they seemed
Grabbing the back of Toni's neck, Barnes hauled her up and pinned her to a nearby tree with an impressive strength. "Who said death is punishment?" he hissed, Russian accent breaking through his normally non-tone voice.
Feeling like someone was sitting on her chest, she brought the phone to her ear, as she hit the green button. Not the religious in any sense, Toni found herself praying. She was begging for whatever god there was to let Jim answer. She knew he was going to be upset, especially at Steve for leaving her alone, but she didn't care. She just needed someone to answer. To tell her that she wasn't going insane. JARVIS could only do so much for her, though she wished she was back at her Tower, so she could 'wrap' herself in the AI. "Jimmy Bear," she called, listening to the ringing. "Pick up. Please pick up!" When it finally went to voice mail, she ended the call and tried again. "Please."
He eyed Steve. "With Toni's blueprints and JARVIS's help, I was able to finish the device, but I still need a damn power source. Nothing I tried worked." He paused. "I even tried to build one of Toni's reactors, but I failed. I'm not really an engineer like Toni." He let out a chuckle. "That woman is a genius. Not sure how she did it. "
Toni grabbed the gun from her belt, and training it on the tail, she slowly made her away toward him without taking her eyes off him. When she got within a foot of him, she struck him hard in the back, causing the man to stumble forward and fall on his hands. He tried to stand, but Toni didn't gave him the chance and hit the side of his face with the gun, sending him back to the ground. "Who are you?" she demanded as pointed the gun at his upper back.
Pepper glared, because she wasn't treating Toni like child. She was treating her how she needed to be treated; she needed someone to watch her, to tell her to take care of herself. "What she needs is to get away, and stopping risking her life on a normal basis. She isn't a super anything." She couldn't take it anymore. What if Toni died? "What if she gets hurt and can't recover? She isn't an agent or a soldier. She can't handle it."
"Still wearing the pants in this relationship," Toni replied, smiling. She turned to the monitors and started to flip through the articles that JARVIS had pulled up.
Toni gave him a 'oh, you didn't say that' look. "That sounds like a challenge. Game on, Rogers." This didn't end well for the genius, who ended up in Steve's bed with a stomach ache, but it sure did gave the waitress something to chuckle about as Toni tried to eat all the food. With her groaning, some may have said Steve lost as well, having to take care of the brunette, but he was able to cuddle with the genius for a good few hours. For the Captain, he loved every minute of her in his arms. Even with her grumbles, he would not change anything in the world.
The Nurse gave her an aggravated look, still holding the glass out to her. "You have to take it easy. Now, take the glass." When Toni didn't, the nurse sighed as she put a moveable tray table in front of her and set the glass on it. "There. See? Not handing it to you," she said, exasperated look on her face.
A light bulb went off in her head, not realizing how big that photo had gotten. Sure, Fury was one thing, but Pepper was another. How big did this photo get? She thought Fury was being Fury, when he said all gossip sites. "JARVIS," Toni called. "Run a search on Captain Rogers and me. I want to see how many hits we're getting."
The doorknob wiggled as someone tried to open the door. "Toni, open the door. Let us in, please," Rogers begged as he banged on the door.
Toni just closed her eyes and laughed. He knew how to comfort her, when she needed to do, and she had no idea of how. They didn't get along at first, and she hated him.
The AI doesn't answer right away, taking a few seconds. "My recommendation is that you rest, Boss," she replies. "Studies has shown that eight hours of sleep can be-"
Toni didn't think it was possible but Steve's face was red like a cherry and his mouth was moving a mile per second. "No…I-I'm…being….f-friendly…." There was a pause as he took a deep breath. "I just wanted to make sure you get home safe."
Even if Toni was against the dresses, she enjoyed these over the top celebrations, but after her mom had died, it all changed. It was like someone hit a switch, and her father turned cold, fast. He was a completely different people, almost like he was before the time traveling. He was distant, cold and mean, and all of those fluffy dresses were gone. All of the parties and celebrating were over, while her father locked himself in the labs, yelling at anyone who bothered him. Toni was his target most of the time, getting his full anger.
The exhausted, worn out, heartbroken genius from the future was too tired to fight with her father, who she had to keep reminding herself that she hated, that he was an ass, as the guy in front of her was anything but that. She took a deep painful breath as she knew he was right. She was too drained to do anything. "Okay." She closed her eyes, which were blood red from her crying.
a teenager girl. Wouldn't like you any other way," he says with a smile. "A woman doesn't have what I want. I like you for your manly body."
Phillips took a deep breath as he shook his head. "Come with me. Let's give Agent Carter some space," he said. "We could use that brain of yours to decipher this shit."
Oh, how he enjoys the Nanos. "I can rest in my room," he says, strongly. "You know I won't rest here as I'll be planning a breakout, and I will escape at some point. There's no stopping that."
"I know Howard Stark, and he doesn't care easily. I can count on one hand the number of people Howard genuinely cares about," Peggy said.
Steve watched the suit as it left the tower, eyeing the glow from the core as it disappeared into the darkness. He couldn't help but imagine what Toni would look like in this weather. She would probably be soaked from head to toe, and her dark hair would be pitch black, heavy with water. The wetness would've glued her long hair to her face and neck. Her clothes would be weighed down, dragging her down. However, she would still be beautiful. She would always be to him, no matter what even if he was worried about her.
That time, Toni didn't reply back, but the woman still followed Toni for a few minutes, telling her that she could make her night. Telling her all the things that she could do, but the genius wouldn't bit anymore- not again. She just wanted to get away. This was another reason to leave, but she supposed the main reason was her twitching muscles and aching back. Then again, there was also the fact that it had started to rain, and it was the cold, freezing rain.
"Yes, Miss. It would be my pleasure. Your body temperature is dropping, and if you stayed any longer, your health would be at risk. I-"
Toni glanced back at the box before looking at Peggy, who was eyeing them. "Okay," she said, still feeling unsure. It was that feeling that silenced her. It was that time that she used to think.
She didn't even have to look at him to know he was concerned; his tone was clear. He had been concerned since her midnight run, and the fact that someone was murdered in the park made it worst. "Why don't you tell me about your Christmas growing up?"
Trying to focus on anything besides the pain, he turns his attention to the panic voices which has now doubled. There are two of them, and they seem to be getting closer with each passing second. As the distance closes between them, he can make out a few words, even if he doesn't completely understand what they are saying. He can hear the silent prayer in their voices
"Not now, Stark," she yelled at herself as she tried to yank herself free. "Fuck you," she cursed at the seatbelt. Why did these things have to be so sturdy? Like what the hell? Okay, she knew how stupid that sounded as soon as she thought it, but her whole body hurt, so you had to forgive her. Also, her right foot was stuck as the dashboard was destroyed, collapsed in on itself. She could feel the weight of it on her foot, almost smashing it, and she would've thought it broken, but there was a tiny bit of give and she could wiggle her foot just a little. "Fuck you," she hissed, loudly.
Clint looked between the two. "Are we really not going to talk about the weapons you created to takedown the Avengers?"
"What is with you and Christmas trees?" Toni asked as she stared at a very large Christmas tree in her living room. Like the one in the tower, this tree was real and it was large, taking up a very large spot in her beach mansion. Toni could only stare at the tree, wondering where the hell Steve got it. Sure, Toni had a few Christmas Trees, but they were fake, and they didn't smell like
Natasha shook her head, the idea painful for her. "I get it. Toni was never a big fan of SHIELD, but you can't-"
Tony tries to snort, but it just hurts and he's left trying to catch his breath. "Feels like I have been hit by a truck."
In her surprise, water surged into her mouth and down her throat. When they pulled her up, she coughed up water and…blood, but before she could gather her breath, they forced her head down again and again. There was no stopping them and Toni lost count of how many times they had dunked her. She struggled, trying to break their grip, but they were too strong. She put her arms out to push against the sides of the tub, but she wasn't strong enough. They dunk her each time without any trouble.
Sam still didn't withdraw his hand, keeping his hand out for what seemed like hours. His expression changed slightly, harder. "Iron Man may not be a soldier, but that doesn't mean crap. You've seen more combat then most, saw things that no one should see. So, I'm giving this as a life line. You don't have to take, though my arm is getting tired. It would be nice if you." He smiled softly. "You don't have to call. You can call that army of therapists that you have, waiting in the wings. I'm just giving you the option."
"You're just as bad as Hydra. Stop calling yourself a hero, because you never were one. You're a villain. A killer. A cool blooded executioner. No, you're worse than Hydra. You've spilled more blood than Hydra. You-"
There weren't many things—not that it happened a lot—that pissed off the Asset, but right now, the Asset was pissed, beyond pissed, though he didn't report it to his handlers. He only gave the bare boned facts to his strict handlers, who had seemed to be displeased by the day's events—though they never seemed pleased. After learning what happened to woman, they had ordered him back with no specific reason and tried to get him back in the ice, but he had no interest in doing so. His interest laid in finding the Brunette, who had disappeared in the panic.
She had already thought of him as a Stalker, but the way he said that sent chills down her whole spine. Toni, chilled to the bone, felt sick, and it took all she had not to puke—but that was only a matter of time. Her mind flashed back to Barnes and the nightmares that she had been living through, haunting her at every second. It had left her doubting everything, and she was in that hell over again.
"So what are we going to do with her?" Bucky asked as he would never be able to throw her out on the street.
"Rogers," Hill started, stepping forward. "If we could wait, we would, but we need to find the items stolen from Black Hawk."
With a deep breath, Toni smiled slightly as she glanced down at the photo of her fifth birthday. Granted most of her memories were clouded, it was to forget how different her father was in the beginning of her life, and this photo was proof to that. This letter was proof that her loving father was still there through it all. He was always there, when it didn't look like it. It was-
Steve could feel her shudder under his grasp as he moved up to her upper thigh. He took a few exact seconds to dry the inner parts of her leg, trying to control his own shudder. Again, he found his pants way too constricting, but he tried not to give it too much attention. After making sure each part of her legs were dry, he toss the towel aside with the rest of the wet articles.
I just wanted to let you know that I have posted the Sequel to this story. If you want to read it, please go to my profile. You will find the link there. I would be honored if you all decide to keep reading. :)
For the next few minutes, Steve watched her interact with Banner. His jaw was locked in place as he eyed her hand resting on Banner's arm while the other rested on lab table. They were looking at something chatting away, and even if Steve wouldn't hear what they were saying, he doubted he would understand what they were saying. It was another thing that he hated. There was a part of her life that he would never understand.
Tony looks between the two, unsure what was going on, but he knows he doesn't want to find out. The genius tries to move out of their arms, but the two soldiers keep a firm grip on him, refusing to let go of him. "What are you two doing down here?" he asks, giving up and sitting back.
Toni didn't know, but she didn't like the idea of being in this Frankenstein lab, and she really didn't like that her shirt was opened, exposing the arc of her boobs and the arc reactor. Though she wondered what sick fuck unbuttoned her shirt, she was worried about what they were going to do to the reactor. She couldn't let them have, but there was nothing she could do.
Balling her hand, Sharon allowed Pierce to leave the room before she headed toward the door herself. Though she could see the rest of the room was just as much shock as she was, she didn't have time to ponder this. When she told Steve she would find Toni, she would. She was just more determined than ever. She had seen the worry and fear in his eyes. Sure, Steve was the protective type, but seeing Toni the night before, Sharon couldn't blame him. That Genius was a Hot mess with a capital H. She could walk in front of a bus and not realize it. That was what Sharon was worried about, especially if the good guys were turning bad. If SHIELD was hunting Captain America, there was no telling what was happening to Toni.
"Which is probably why she stays in New York instead of visiting," Rumlow added, giving Steve a sad look. "That or Rogers is just hard to live with. Are you a neat freak?"
The Captain didn't know what to make of everything that was happening around him. Between seeing Toni and being surrendered by unknown devices and people, his head was spinning. Sure, he had nothing to judge anything on in this century, but he could tell that he could trust no one especially Fury. He didn't trust that man at all even if he had nothing to go off of.
From there, it seemed like everything kicked into hyper drive and that time was slipping away. Toni had been waiting for this moment for such a long time that she hadn't thought that she would see the day. However, now that it was here, it felt like a dream. Was this really happening? Was this all some kind of nightmare? If it was, she was going to shit herself and never going to watch TV before bed again.
Toni took the sling off so she could have better movement of her arm, and she took a seat on the floor in front of the table. She should go to bed, but one, she was a night owl, and two, each time she closed her eyes she saw that no-face man. She couldn't sleep with his haunting face…or lack of one. She wished she had her special pills that she had in the future, which no one knew about. She used the pills to sleep, because she had a hard time going to bed without them. With her genius mind, it was hard to get her mind to stop, and then, there were the panic attacks. It was hard to sleep without dreaming about
A smile brightened up Toni's face as she slowly released the tags. Her fingers remained close, playing with the bottom of them. "Geez, Captain, if you wanted me in bed, you just have to ask."
Toni could only look on as the nurse needled in the sedate. Almost instantly, she could feel the drug, but she didn't stop fighting. She couldn't stop, not with her nightmares. Being pushed to her death by Barnes shook her to the core, and there was nothing she could do to erase the look on Barnes' face. That anger scared Toni, because people had been known to do terrifying things when they were frightened.
With a quick once over, the only thing he spotted was a broken lamp with a pillow next to it. Without taking another step closer, Steve knew the lamp was broken beyond repaired. He crossed to his bed, knowing that the pillow came from there, and he could feel his eye twitch as he noticed a small bump under the covers.
Steve froze for a second before he turned around. His eyes widened at the sight of an elderly Gabe and Dum Dum in the doorway. For a second, he just stared at his former comrades, shock at their appearance. Even if he had seen them after he had awaken from the ice, it was still a sight to see. "Gabe, Dum Dum," he said, forcing a smile to his face. "When did you get here? How did you get here?" He asked as he stepped toward them.
Rhodes' grip tightens on Tony as if he's afraid that Tony is seconds away from bolting. "Why don't we just watch this movie?" he says with a sigh.
words from Barnes. His opinion of her meant everything to her. "Shut up!" She yelled, loudly. "I h-hate myself for what happen to you."
How many times did she have to tell him that she didn't care, that she didn't need it? "We aren't anything besides roommates for a brief time." She let out a laugh. "Bad roommates, really, but again, it doesn't matter. You act like it hurt me that you did it. It didn't. I need to care for you to be hurt by you, and I don't care."
"I…I…can't…breathe," she stated as she played with her collar, trying to loosen it. It was suddenly getting too hot, and it had started to snow again. "I don't know what to do. What am I doing?" Her Tail could've killed her and there was nothing she could've done. She wasn't able to protect herself. When he had her pinned, her brain was useless and she couldn't do anything.
. In the beginning, Howard was everything a child could want in a parent. But years before his death, he had turned into something that a child would never want, and she was turning into that, which her father never wanted for her.
Clint took a step forward. "That would be wise," he said with a chuckle. "Rogers doesn't seem like the type to share."
In anger, Steve slammed his fist into the metal shield, denting it. "Toni could be hurt! Open these doors right now." He slammed his fist again in the same spot, but the metal did not break.
"Just happy to see you," he said, placing a soft kiss to her forehead. His lips lingered. "Can I just be happy to see you?"
Leaving her blouse on, she unbuttoned it fully, exposing her chest. Though she didn't usually care to how much skin she showed, she felt exposed, and she just wanted to get this over with. "Do you mind?"
Without much thought, her eyes went back to the two men. Even if they were still a haze, she was able to make out certain details, though it was a battle to keep her eyes open. She could tell it was just one of the two that was yelling. The other one was just staring at…her with such an intense look that it felt like he was drilling into her. She tried to look away, but she couldn't. There was something about him that drew her in. Maybe, it was the weird silver sleeve he was wearing, which wasn't making any sense; however, it was still interesting.
Romanoff glanced at Steve. "Maybe, we can use that," she replied with her arms folded a crossed her chest. Her eyes were glued to the monitors.
She turned to Howard and glared. He was not allowed to give her advice on anything, and she definitely did not want to talk about her non-relationship with the giant Shrimp. It wasn't any of his business, even if Howard was right. They needed to hash out whatever was going on between them, because if they didn't it, they would have the exact same relationship that they had in the future, and she didn't have the energy for that. "I know."
Howard's hand felt warm on her kneed, and for a second, it was the only thing she could think of. She couldn't get over how comforting it was to having this version of Howard around. He wasn't cold and distant, someone she couldn't reach. He was warm and caring, a person who she could open up to.
Natasha let out sigh before she took a seat next to the Bruce. A second later, Natasha kicked her feet up into Bruce's lap, surprising the scientist. "No one wants to see that, Stark."
"I'm an inventor, just like your weapons expert. Would you ask him to tell you all of his secrets?" Toni asked. The questions that he was asking, Toni couldn't answer anyways. She knew what the device was supposed to do, but she had no idea of what it really did. It took her back in time, but she had no idea of how. What else did it do? Could it send her back to the future? She wouldn't know until she got it back. "If you did, I bet he wouldn't say anything as well." She knew her father well, and he would go to his grave before he revealed his secrets.
There it was again, his crushed face, and it crushed her. She had hurt him with that line and she felt like garbage. Why did she always have to hurt people? Why did she make a sport of it? She knew why. She was hurting and when she was hurting, she lashed out. It was what she did. It was what she would always do, because she was her father's daughter, and she hated that. "I better go before I say something I'll regret."
"There're no denying that, but look at you! You're a dirty, old man, Captain Rogers, and you know it! You're just lucky that you're a fine piece of meat."
Where is he? Did someone find him? Does someone have him? Good Guys? Is he alive? Or is he dead? Did he die a fiery death? Did he get crushed to death? Is that why the ceiling is white? Is this heaven—not that he expects himself to go to heaven if it exists? Besides, doesn't anyone know that white is out? Why is the room so small? Don't they know his ego won't fit in a room this small? Plus, why is it loud? And why is he alone? Don't they know that's a bad idea?
"On my chest?" she asked. She hid her worry about him finding out about the reactor. He would probably think she was some kind of freak.
"What does that even mean? Do you even hear to yourself?" Toni asked out of annoyance. He stepped closer to her, and Toni could smell his stench, which was a combination of a few of things "Also, do you believe in showers?" Though it wasn't as bad she pretended, she waved the smell out of her face.
"All men are assholes," she muttered as she took a seat behind the front desk. When she got the cast off, Nick had agreed to let her do more tasks, but for now, he had her seated behind the counter to ring people out. It made her the first person people see when they walked by, which annoyed the hell out of her. Since they were located a couple of blocks down from a few bars, a lot of drunken man walked by, and nine out of ten times, they would come in just to bug her. She didn't know what it was or what gave them the idea that it was okay to sexually harass her, but it really needed to stop. It was making her go crazy, and if she didn't need this job, she would pick up the hammer that she had just put back and bang their faces in with it.
"I can handle Nat. She-" Romanoff glared. "-Okay, she'll totally kick my ass." Clint admitted, looking away. "Geez, you guys are no fun."
Steve rolled his eyes as he pulled her flat against to him. "For that, I'm going to find something from the 40s. Be like old times." He placed a kiss to her forehead as he held her close, not giving her an inch.
Peggy practically jumped to her feet as she turned to Toni, who was standing back against the wall. Toni wanted to give Peggy a chance to say good bye as this would be the last time she would see Rogers, while Toni would see him soon. "What about Toni!" She said, as she crossed to Toni and pulling Toni to the radio. "She can help."
Leaving the two agents in his dust, the Captain was the first one in the lab, and it only took him a few seconds to spot the genius. She was hunched over her work station, working on what appeared to be her suit, but it was her shivering that caught his attention. As Toni held the screwdriver, it shook, and he could see the anger inside of her grow as she tried to control her trembling. He could see the frustration grow as she held her shaking hand. He could see when she had given up when her shoulders dropped. At the sight of it, he felt his heart drop.
He curses at himself. He knows he's making it worse for himself. Why does he have to fall for the two people he can't have? Does he enjoy hurting himself?
Toni wanted to scream and tell the AI that he was wrong, because if he wasn't, there was something seriously wrong with her. She couldn't fix herself like she could fix him. "Run a full scan on your systems, JARVIS," she ordered, harshly. There just had to be something wrong with him. Just had to be. "I am not seeing things!"
"He doesn't trust you either, if it matters," said Natasha, who was standing a few feet from him. She had gone on the last mission with Steve and followed every commander, but unlike him, she didn't question Fury.
The Asset found his target soaking wet on her knees in the mud, facing a body of water. He could see the tremors in her body as she dripped her fingers in the cold water. He watched her shoulders drop as fear ran through her. He could read her, see it all, and he knew it had nothing to do with the cold, bitter rain. Sure, the rain was freezing to the touch, and it could send shivers down anyone's spine, but that wasn't the case here. He was trained to spot fear, panic… and that was what he was seeing here. She was panicking, questioning her entire existence. She was questioning who she was, wondering if she was worth it. 'It' he wasn't sure of, but she was doubting everything. She was drowning in her own fear.
"This isn't something to joke about," Peggy retorted as she grabbed Toni's uninjured hand and pulled her along toward their tent. "He could've done something to you."
Even now, that still surprised her. Who would've thought the Hulk would like anyone, especially her? "Well, look at me," she said, gesturing to her body in her oversize sweatshirt.
Tony looks between the two, and he sees nothing but fondness in their eyes. "No," Tony says, pushing away from them. What's going on? How can this be happening? Why aren't they mad at him? He doesn't understand. "Why are you here?" he asks. "I thought you wanted me to leave you alone for being an indecisive jerk?"
Toni tried to wave it off, but she was only able to move her hand a few inches off the table. "I'm not going to tell you anything, because I didn't do anything," she stated, changing the subject. She didn't want his pity and if she could move, she would throw something at him.
There's a reason why Tony Stark is hidden away in his lab, and it isn't because there's a former brainwashed, ex- assassin upstairs, though he's okay with everyone thinking that. He's okay with everyone thinking that he hates James Barnes, though that's furthest thing from the truth. He doesn't hate the man, though he did at first. Then again, he hates everyone the first time he meets them. It was the same with Rogers, though that's no longer the case. Everything is different than when he first met the members of the Avengers, though he denies it to everyone around him.
And for people who expected a sex scene, that is what you get. Reasoning, is that because I suck at them, and I don't want to make you guys stab your eyes out. :P
Without another word, Howard turned on the machine, while she focused her device sitting in the middle of the mud circle. A few seconds after connecting the final wires to the device, Toni glanced up to her father and the cube, which started to shine brightly in front of him. It took mare seconds for the bright blue light to travel along the wires to the device in front of her. Toni felt her nerves grown as her device let up, shining brightly.
Barnes glanced toward his best friend before turning back to Toni, who had turned away. She sensed a battle between the two starting and she wanted nothing to do with it, even if it was all about her. She turned and looked for a way out, but she saw none, even if she was very good at sneaking. However, she might be able to go out the front door without them noticing. "Hi," she waved, unsure what to say.
Hearing her comment, Rogers looked like someone kicked his puppy. "I don't mean to intrude, but I can't believe such a beautiful dame like yourself don't have anyone to turn to." His face was flushed as he spoke.
"I wasn't asking for permission. I'm just letting you know," she responded while avoiding his question like the plague.
Forcing herself to take a few deep breathes, Toni could do nothing but hate herself as guilty took over. She hated this woman, but she didn't want the woman dead. She didn't want any of this but she could do nothing as Maya tumbled down the steps face first. Toni could do nothing as Maya's head hit the ground hard and she stilled. She let out a soft moan, but other than that, Maya was quiet. It was disheartening. "Maya," Toni called, forgetting the pain in her back.
Barton let out a chuckle, but Natasha just glared. "If Rogers put another mark on you again—accident or not—I
Steve was a dog, not stupid dog, but he was a dog, and dogs didn't mix well with cats. He was loyal, caring no matter what, unlike her. Only doing it when it served her. Suddenly feeling overwhelmed, Toni ordered JARVIS to turn off he comms, needing to be left alone to her thoughts.
Natasha's eyes narrows, and her expression changes. "Fake, Stark? I wouldn't use that word to describe Steve's, Barnes', or my feelings, so watch yourself," she says, slowly. Frustration is poking through. "I'll forgive your mistake this time as a building fell on you, but you won't be lucky the next time. And this isn't pity."
Turning away from her, Steve let out a small groan. "What is it with you and trying to get me a dame?" he asked.
Like someone had struck him, Steve's hand fell. "Toni," he called out, knowing her voice from anywhere. "You're here? Why are you here? Did Natasha call you?" He tried to ignore the guilt rising up inside of him at the thought of grabbing her too hard. Why was he so careless? "D-did I hurt you?" His eyes dropped to her wrist looking for some kind of mark.
Toni groaned as she rolled, trying to grab the super soldier. "I thought you wanted us to be lazy," she whined, as he was too fast for her. He was already out of the bed before she could reach the edge. "And Bruce really isn't that kind of doctor," she added, even though they treated him like he could handle everything under the sun.
Toni snorted, picturing Happy doing just that. "I can arrange that, and Happy would love to do that, but good luck with all of that," she said, as she waved at him.
With the cargo bay open and the boat appearing beneath them, Steve stepped to the edge. He could admit that he felt slightly better, but he still felt like there was another shoe waiting to drop. "I'll gladly hold still for you." He didn't wait for response, and he just jumped, his nerves getting the better of him.
The Colonel's eyes lingered on Toni for a few seconds before he followed a few feet after the angry CEO. "Pepper, stop." He glanced back to the Genius. "Look, we've been stressful time. Let's not do this. Let's not walk away angry. We can't fight. Not the three of us. We have been through too much for this."
Rogers took the seat directly across from Toni and the Howling Commandos followed down the row next to the Captain. Jones and Dugan glanced at Toni, if only to make sure she was fine before turning back to face their fellow commanders and rejoining their conversation. It was Rogers who kept staring at her but Toni wouldn't let it get to her.
Tony's eyes shift between the two. "I can't deal with this," he says, waving at them. He just can't.
"So that's what this is about," she muttered. "I won't tell you anything." She shook her head and stepped away from the table. She eyed a knife sitting on a table a foot from a shotgun.
"But you didn't fall for it." He stood and crossed to the tablet on the counter. He looked quickly through his emails to see if there was any progress on Natasha's and Clint's search for the stolen SHIELD technology. There was no news so he turned back to Steve, who was staring at the magazine as if it was the only thing in the room. "Natasha picked never. She doesn't think you would ever tell Toni."
