“Obviously.” Sherlock replied. “Your locks are not very reliable. It only took me thirty seconds to break in here.”
Sherlock kept pacing around the basinet as the small child wailed. The sound was heartbreaking. Every time a nurse approached the alpha would growl and the nurse would have to retreat. Irrational fear was flooding Sherlock’s blood stream. He had already lost John, he couldn't bear the thought of someone taking his son away too.
“It is not how it started with them, and I’m not an alcoholic either. It is two beers after a game.” John ire was growing with Jeannette. He never told her everything about his youth. She didn’t know what it was like, but she had made assumptions. She decide she knew better than he did. And he was foolish for not listening to her.
“He is wrong. You can go back to your flat but I recommend against it. It will only make you upset and then you might do something that they can use against you and bring you back in here.”
“Before you ask, yes, this is the original memory stick. It is in my possession . . . for the time being.” Magnussen said. “It will stay in my possession unless you persist in refusing your brother’s and my happiness.”
He glanced around the room again. He didn’t see Sherlock anywhere. Mycroft looked back at the note and decided it was time for him to say to hell with everyone else and to do something for himself. He slipped the note and keycard into his pocket. He slowly walked around the room and spoke to each of the major contributors to his late father’s charity. Then as he passed by the main door of the ballroom, he turned and left.
“Yes, I did. Is that a problem?” John asked. John suddenly wanted to kiss Sherlock again. He watched Sherlock to see if there was any resentment towards the earlier kiss. Sherlock’s silvery blue eyes were clear and sharp.
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. Even the simple act of exhalation would break the moment between the two of them. He looked up into John’s face. In the light, John’s eyes were darker than he had ever seen them before. Dark and intense. Demanding. Sherlock waited and was rewarded.
Sherlock started to follow him, when he paused and looked up at the window on the ground floor flat. An older woman with a narrow face and pinched expression was watching him. Peeking out from behind drawn curtains.
Moriarty looked up at him. He could see something different in Moran’s grey eyes. A hunger he hadn’t seen before.
Sherlock threw himself off the boxes and crashed into Frankie. His hands wrapped quickly around the man’s throat.
Sherlock pulled John out from underneath James. He pulled John into his lap, his long arms circling John’s body protectively.
“Oh . . . yes, Sherlock . . . please.” John buried his face into his folded arms as he fell into the sensation of Sherlock’s tongue on his most private part.
Sherlock scanned another set of headlines. There was an article about racial unrest in France and upcoming German elections. Sherlock quickly discounted them knowing that although Mycroft probably had his hand involved in both, neither would be important enough to compromise his position. He read an article about an industrialist who died in hospital after surgery. If Sherlock wasn’t so deeply involved in his present case he would have liked to investigate that man’s death. It was obvious that his greedy children were somehow involved in their wealthy father’s death. But Sherlock was certain that had nothing to do with Mycroft.
Sherlock heard the men on the ship screaming in pain and fear. He fought to stay up right as the ship rocked back and forth. The smaller schooner beside them was already leaning far to the left. The men on board her were fighting fires or jumping overboard, trying to swim to the nearby island.
Sherlock’s mobile rang in the pocket of his dressing gown. He quickly took it out and looked at the screen.
No one in the room noticed John standing there as Moran pushed Sherlock to the floor and placed the nail gun to the back of Sherlock’s hand. One pull of the trigger and Sherlock’s hand would be nailed to the floor.
“Yes. Mycroft even with her to the Netherlands when she was married to William of Orange. My father was a close advisor to the King Charles.”
John looked down at Sherlock’s phone again. He wondered if the message could be a trick. He thumbed through the contacts and found one listed at ‘Homeless Network’. A series of numbers were connected to the contact.
John was laughing and smiling while watching his roommate and listening to the report. The video switched to a reporter interviewing Greg Lestrade.
“What?” John blinked his eyes and licked his lips. Stunned by the comment, John still held the young man in his arms.
“There is no doubt in anyone’s mind that the two of you were engaged in a . . . sexual rendezvous at the Langham. The real question was why was Doctor Watson there in the first place? I believe it was to seduce you and convince you to bond with him.” Mycroft said coolly. He stepped further into the room, closing the door behind him. “No reason to lie about it, Doctor Watson. You were told by James Moriarty to sleep with my brother and trick him into working against me.”
The door of the lift opened. Sherlock was rushed out of the building and into a van that had just pulled up. Sherlock was deposited on the floor of the van. The vehicle was moving before the back door was even closed. The tires squealing on the tarmac.
“I convinced some guys to play a game one day. It was early spring and the first day without rain. It was a mistake.” John said as he looked at the photo instead of Sherlock. A distant look came to John’s face as he remembered.
The morning air was cut by the sound of a whistling cannon ball. Suddenly, the side of the Hound exploded. Debris rocketed up into the air and across the deck of the Appledore. Sherlock was knocked off his feet. He fell to the deck as another round of cannon balls crashed into the side of the Appledore.
“Of course I was high. I injected myself with a 7% solution of morphine laced with PCP.” Sherlock started pacing again.
Sherlock hated it when his brother dismissed him like a child. He was no longer a child. He started to storm out of the room when his brother interrupted him.
“Sherlock . . . if I could find another way . . . if we knew who we were fighting, then I could stop them, but I can’t.”
“Impossible,” Sherlock answered. “I never can sleep while someone is watching me. Besides, it’s only Friday. I’ll be up for another eighteen hours. Go on, I’ll be fine.”
“Really, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “If that was the case, I’m sure you would have found a more respectable performance to watch. They contacted you and not the other way around. And since neither of the two attackers recognized you, you had not finalized any agreement with the smugglers. I sincerely doubt they would be willing to enter into one now after this, though. You may need to find another . . . ‘job’.” Sherlock gave the two men a fake smile.
“Well then I see we have an impasse. I am neither pliant nor do I give a shite what your wants might be.” Moriarty leaned forward and kissed the frozen lips of Moran. “You will do as I want, when I want and for as long as I want.”
‘Sentiment’, Mycroft frowned. It was a waste of energy to show sentiment to anyone, let alone a needy medical student. Now with these photographs, Sherlock was surely going to do something stupid.
John was alive. John Watson was alive and here in London. Sebastian Moran was going to find him and finally make the omega his.
“Good thing too. He was within minutes of dying when you brought him in.” John said as he held out his hand to the man. “You saved his life.”
John’s hands reached down and grabbed at the button and fly of Sherlock’s trousers. Within seconds he had the clothes undone and pulled down to the man’s knees. John started mouthing at Sherlock’s length. The omega’s prick full and stiff underneath the silk boxers. Sherlock pulled his knees up and apart. The smell of slick hit John like a two ton lorry. He closed his eyes and fought to control himself. Want and need overpowering as the alpha struggled to not flip the omega over and take him hard and fast.
John stood up straight and glared at the man. “DON’T YOU DARE! Don’t you compare what I did to what you are doing!”
was all the omega said. John asked where he was and Sherlock gave the name of a café near Paddington station.
John gave the address of a building halfway down the street from his. In the opposite direction of where the men were looking. Within five minutes, firetrucks and police cars came rushing to the address John gave. The street was lit up by the flashing emergency lights and the blaring of sirens. Firemen were rushing into the building and banging on doors to wake up residents. The police were blocking the traffic.
. Sherlock sighed heavily and closed his eyes as he leaned back down. The only person who would place him in a private sanatorium would be his brother, Mycroft. That would explain the restraints. Apparently, he was expected to stick around this time to listen to what ever chastising Mycroft felt compelled to give him.
Sherlock’s fingers smoothed the outline of the scar on John’s shoulder. “You had multiple surgeries.”
“Detective Inspector, trust me when I tell you that Culverton Smith just confessed to murdering Lady Elizabeth Smallwood and being present when my mother was murdered by Jim Moriarty.” Mycroft said as he sat up straighter in the bed.
“I promise you that I will do everything in my power to keep you alive, John.” Sherlock smiled. “Everything.”
“He always berated me for my drug use.” Sherlock started. He felt John’s hand slip around his own and squeeze tightly. “He called me weak.”
Then John saw something he had never seen before. An open and honest smile on the younger man’s face. It crinkled around Sherlock’s eyes and warmed his expression. It made John’s heart skip slightly.
Gun fire could be heard to the south. The men turned to look in that direction. The man furthest for John and Moran started to run that direction when he was shot. Moran turned to the direction of the gunshot and opened fire with his L85. More rounds were fired at the British soldiers. Moran and the other soldier saw the location of the enemy and concentrated their rounds there.
The fingers of Mycroft’s right hand pushed into the folds of the umbrella until he could feel the cold metal of the tiny gun.
He saw the jerk of John’s body. The slight tremor becoming more pronounced. John flexed his jaw muscles again and James thought he could hear John’s teeth grinding.
The drive took less than fifteen minutes. John had been shoved into the foot well of the car. They had slipped a black hood over his head and he wasn’t exactly sure where they were. The saloon pulled into a garage and Ryan jumped out of the car and closed the doors before sneering man pulled John from the back seat. John stumbled along as the men dragged him up a small flight of stairs and into a room above the garage.
“I expect you to vacate the premises by the end of the day. You can tell Moriarty anything you want as to why you quit. There should be enough there for you to relocate to somewhere else . . . like New York or Miami.”
The man stepped out the back of the truck and down on the ground. He walked right up to Moran and stared right at the alpha. Moran could tell immediately the stranger was an omega. His scent wasn’t tainted with the sour smell of suppressants. Moran wonder why a western omega would risk being in someplace like Afghanistan while not on suppressants. Omegas like him would be rapidly captured and sent off to some tribal warlord’s harem.
John was going to argue but saw the conviction in Sherlock’s expression. He stepped closer and kissed Sherlock, intently. John grabbed Sherlock’s mobile and dashed to the bedroom.
John’s hand moved from Sherlock’s lips to his cheek. Cupping the warm skin. John leaned forward and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s. A heated press of skin to skin. A gentle but firm movement over the sensitive skin.
“Nothing will stop me. And when I get out of here, we will never be apart again.” John said quietly.
Magnussen waited for Sherlock to ask the obvious question but the young man knew better than to ask. He leaned back further away from the repugnant alpha.
“What is it?” John asked as he slowly started to stroke down Sherlock’s back having smelled the anxiety scent coming off the omega.
“The bastard was cheating.” Moran finally spoke. His voice was gravelly and deep. “He cut me. Gave me this fuck’n scar.”
“You are thinking that Mycroft faked the photograph. That he manipulated the CCTV tapes and came up with a probable suspect to divert suspension from us.” Sherlock said with his eyes still shut and his body stretched out over the chair.
“Manual strangulation . . . that is significant. They were angry. Very angry. Emotional. This was personal.” Sherlock whispered.
John said Babcock died when the ship sank but Blackwood said Babcock died before the sinking. Something had happened to the boy. Somehow he had died and it was Underwood’s fault. But the death was so appalling the specifics about it had to be hidden. And if Underwood did cause the boy’s death, then how did John react to it? John was a man of his convictions. He wouldn’t ignore an injustice. What did John do?
Sherlock sighed and collapsed as he felt John pulsating inside him. John’s knot sealing the two of them together and pushing Sherlock to his own climax. The orgasm pumping through his veils, leaving him quenched and satiated.
John took a seat on the front row. Sholto started his briefing, explaining what the squad was going to be doing. It was a simple patrol. The Humvees would take them out to a drop off point and the team would circle around several villages then meet up with the second squad day after tomorrow. No one was listening to him. All eyes were fixed on John.
John stretched his chin up as if he was preparing himself for a punch. “And if I want you to become my omega. My bondmate. Would you? Would you let me be your alpha?”
“For Irene? No, she is more interest in sensual compensation and being tied down and whipped in not my idea of a good time.”
“He is safe for the time being. Well, when I say safe, he is not being . . . overtly harmed. I’m sure the men he is with are entertaining him. I found out he was very popular when he was in the army. Did you know that? He did love being fucked by a man in a uniform.”
Seb smiled and leaned forward into John’s space. John caught the smell of sweat and beer but also leather and gun oil. Seb crowded John back into the wall, towering over the shorter man. John’s blonde hair spiky with sweat; Seb brought his hand up and dragged his fingers through it. Seb paused when his lips were mere centimeters from John’s, shifting to drag his nose across John’s cheek. Breathing in the scent from John’s skin. John felt the flicker of a smile come to Seb’s lips before he leaned further and pressed his lips to John’s.
2010       Six months after he watched John walk away, Sherlock was in a haze of drug use. He didn’t know which city he was in or who he was with. But it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered now but to forget. With every hit and every high he could forget the bluest eyes he had ever seen. He could forget the words he had said to John and the pain he had caused himself and the man he loved.
Sherlock kept studying John’s face silently then brought his hand up and brushed it through John’s hair.
The two men stumbled into the entrance of 221 Baker Street. Still laughing from the adventure of the evening. They collapsed back against the wall catching their breaths between the exertion and the laughter.
Violet tried to look steadfast as Moriarty stood over her. His black eyes looking down at her with a feral glow to them.
John growled instinctively. The sound even surprised himself. He glanced around and saw James watching him.
Greg grabbed the photo from the pile and held it up for John to see. The soldier immediately recognized himself and James in the car they were driving that day.
“Where? The ones who are terrified when they see us when we are doing a job? That’s a great opportunity to get to know a possible mate.”
He glanced up at the clock on the wall. Sherlock was five minutes late. John’s foot started tapping nervously on the floor as he waited. He enjoyed being with Sherlock last night in the morgue and wondered if he could convince the young man to go sooner than the following week.
Moriarty handed the pillow to Culverton and raised his eyebrow questioningly. Smith hesitated then took the pillow from Moriarty’s hand. He pressed it down over the older woman’s face. She gasped as her hands flayed. Her body thrashed for several minutes before quietly falling still. Culverton Smith slowly lifted the pillow from the woman’s face and both men looked down.
“Second, Moran knows exactly who John is to you and will be using the good doctor to try and influence you and therefore me.”
They stood there for several minutes simply kissing each other. When they finally broke apart, Sherlock shifted and started to kiss along John’s jaw line and down his neck.
He felt a sudden tight grip on his upper arm. The alpha grabbing him held him so tight it was painful. Sherlock twisted to complain when he saw Archibald Rampant, Victor Trevor’s fiancé.
Sherlock became more attentive to John for the next two weeks. He went with John to do the shopping. The two men were placing the finishing touches on the nursery and were spending their evenings together on the sofa, just being together. Although, during the day, Sherlock was transfixed by Irene’s camera phone. He kept trying to discover what the code was to unlock the thing.
“John, what happened?” Sherlock asked grabbing John’s shoulders trying to get the drunk man’s attention.
The taxi pulled up in front of the Enclave and stopped. John looked up at the name above the door and then frowned.
Afternoons, John learned about military history, defense and regulations. He became proficient with map reading and a compass. Something he never needed in London. John learned about famous battles and military tactics. He smiled wondering if he would ever need any of this training once he was in the operating room. He treated it like a retreat from medical training. A sabbatical.
Sherlock moved slowly down the steps to the main deck. His eyes transfixed on the blue flashes of light above him.
Sherlock stared his brother down and refused to answer. One of the other men Mycroft had brought with him, walked up to the auburn haired man and whispered in his ear. Mycroft spun on the man and nearly shouted.
Greg didn’t react to Sherlock’s threat but John’s inner alpha celebrated. He wanted to take the omega right there. Bite his neck and finally bond with unique omega and remarkable man. But John kept the cold killer countenance on his face as returned Greg’s stare.
“Seb?! What kind of name is Seb?!” Sherlock spit out. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. John was out with some strange alpha while Sherlock had been working to defeat Irene.
He fired the same time as Blackwood. Both rounds hit the small wooden boat. One of the men in the boat leaped out and into the water. Another man shouted and cursed.
Sherlock had rushed up the stairs of his flat and immediately sat down at the desk. He grabbed the first book on a stack of them and started thumbing through the pages. John and James came into the flat behind Sherlock. Two, twenty-one, B looked roughly how John had remembered it. Cluttered and disorganized but homey. He glanced around looking for evidence of the flat mate that Sherlock had spoken of, but other than a trashy romance novel that John severely doubted Sherlock would ever touch let alone read, there was no evidence of the other omega.
He pulled two miss matched cups down from the shelf and poured coffee into each. Then he added two spoons of sugar to Sherlock’s cup without asking. He handed the cup back to Sherlock.
Mycroft had failed Sherlock when their parents died. He failed him with Victor Trevor and now he had failed again.
Moran made up stories about the men in his unit. Told John things that didn’t happened after he left. It seemed to make John calmer and less agitated.
Sherlock took a step forward. His fingertips slipped over John’s. Their fingers intertwined and John closed his hand over Sherlock’s. He pulled his omega towards himself. Wrapping his injured arm around Sherlock’s waist.
Paris in winter. The wind was cold off the Seine. Michelle shivered in her thin dress. Her slippers were worn, and she had wrapped rags around them to try and make them warmer. Her stockings were torn and soiled. She did not have a coat on. It would cover her up too much and the gentlemen like to see what they were buying before putting a coin in her hand.
“I’m sorry, sir. But I knew you needed to see this immediately.” The man said as he rushed forward and handed a tablet to Moriarty.
Thank you all for the wonderful comments and kudos. I'm glad so many seem to be enjoying this story. It will be a slow build but it will also have smut.
John snipped the last suture and stood up straight again. “That should hold.” He took one of the towels Ryan had brought and wiped away the blood. Dipping it into the water then sponging the skin around the wound. “I’ll bandage it and go. Keep it clean and don’t walk too much. If there is any heat or swelling, go to hospital immediately.”
“And the bank card belonged to one of Moriarty’s shell companies. How did you get it? Did he give it to you?” Greg glared at John.
“What would be the chances this has nothing to do with Moriarty and everything to do with Moran and John?”
The rifle shot wasn’t that loud. A crack, a snap. Then silence. John felt the first wave of pain then nothing else. He laid on his back on the dry packed earth. His blood mixing into the dirt.
John’s mind was so intensely absorbed by his anger and confusion he didn’t notice the car following him until it pulled in front of him, blocking him from crossing into the station.
Sherlock stood up and stared down at John. Once again, he was surprised that John was not intimidated by the taller man.
During daylight hours, the place looked dodgy. The black furniture was chipped and stained. John could see cracks in the mirror behind the bar. It was had also yellowed and looked dingy. The dance floor showed scuff marks and the white tile appeared more grey. The black floors were sticky.
Sherlock looked at the photos carefully again. “You said there are lights inside the base? So the base can be opened up.”
The door opened and Greg Lestrade came back into the room. “You were correct. Montague Henry Cavendish died in this very room two weeks ago. No autopsy was performed.”
“John? John who? Oh! John! John Watson! That’s great. Where is he? Is he here tonight?” Frankie looked around the room at the various dancers and people milling around the club.
The next morning, John came into the kitchen. Sherlock was sitting at his microscope, a stack of slides beside his left hand.
“Things that would get me court marshalled.” James said. He leaned closer and leaned his head to the side so he could whisper into John’s ear. “Things I should never do with a subordinate.”
Lestrade frowned and looked away from John’s angry expression. He looked back at the dead body of the other soldier and then at the other draped bodies on gurneys in the morgue. Two dead police officers who were found next to Sholto’s body.
Moriarty sat smugly in the box while the trial progressed occasionally glancing over his shoulder at John. On the fourth day of the trial, the judge notified the court that the jury had been removed from the hotel they were sequestered at because of possible jury tampering. Moriarty’s defense counsel strongly complained of the implications but could not do much more. The jury had been moved to another hotel and every one of the members were registered under an alias.
John growled. He wasn’t going to pity Holmes again. “I don’t care if his pretty white hands bleed all the way to Charlotte Amalie. He works. I’m done caring about the bastard.”
“I know a great many things, Mycroft. And while I will agree with you that Moriarty is dangerous, I refuse to agree that you are correct in that he is too evil for only one of us to handle. He is only just a man.” Sherlock said as he slowly tugged the scarf from his neck. His eyes still locked on the face in the painting.
“I am the one needing help.” Again another Irish accent. Moran smiled at the man but kept the gun trained on the other three men.
“Oh, I’m sorry but Sherlock is sleeping now. Is there something I could help you with? I’m his . . . roommate.” John wasn’t sure what he was now.
The car drove east and toward the warehouses near the river. John’s foot tapped nervously on the carpeted floor of the backseat. The driver never looked in the rearview mirror at him. John wasn’t sure if that was more intimidating or not. The other man in the front seat, the man who had held the door opened for him, looked like he could snap John in two if he chose.
“No, you want me to make it easy on you.” John said. He shoved the papers he was holding back at Greg. “If you want to arrest me and keep me from Sherlock, then prove I actually broke the law. Saying I’m a crook won’t convict me. And if you think you can convince Sherlock to leave me with hearsay, well, you have no idea how much we care about each other. It’s more than just a physical bond.”
The ‘Flash Bang’ was loud – concussive loud. The bright flash blinded the four men, and the non-lethal explosion disoriented everyone in standing in the hall. Sherlock was thrown backwards away from Moran. Moran was pushed into a wall. His head hit the wall, adding to his concussion. The other two men were knocked off their feet. Their hands wrapped tightly around their ears as the roar of the ‘bang’ persisted.
“This is not your private room. Although tastefully decorated, there are no meaningful keepsakes. Nothing to remind you of your past.”
Sherlock slowly moved in front of John. John reached out and grabbed Sherlock’s arm to try and move him back but the taller man wouldn’t move.
Mycroft stared for a moment at John, then tapped his umbrella tip on the floor. It made a muted thrumming sound but was loud enough for the driver to hear. He pulled the car over to the kerb and unlocked the doors. John didn’t say anything as he got out. He stood staring at the saloon as it drove away, then he turned to look where he was. It was right in front of his building with his flat. Mycroft’s message was quite clear. He knew exactly where John lived and if John didn’t do as he wanted, Mycroft would visit him again.
“The character of villain has more to do with perspective, dear brother. I’m sure that in this scenario, Jim would easily see you as the villain and not himself. You are, after all, the one who prevented him from having a normal childhood. From having a family to belong too. As it stands, you are far more villainous than Jim. And as for John, he’s innocent.”
“You think by complimenting me, I will answer your questions?” She wondered if he was trying to keep her off balance.
Sherlock closed his eyes and squeezed his hands into two fists. “I realized how much I cared for you when I thought I would lose you. For weeks now I have fought with my emotions and fear. I've come to a conclusion . . . I don’t want to ever feel that fear again. I don’t want someone else to come in here and take you away from me.”
There was something behind John’s eyes that Sherlock just couldn’t yet read. Some emotion that seemed to frighten both Sherlock as well as John.
“Of course you don’t. Because you are an idiot. If my resurrection were to incur, your credibility with the King and Queen would suffer. How could the great Mycroft Holmes be stupid enough to believe an unverified report of my death? On top of the fact that as before, I could be used as leverage against you. Only my death frees you from such pressures while maintaining your standing with the William and Mary.”
Sherlock glanced over at Moran. The man was laying perfectly still. His eyes were open and blood was spreading across his chest and pooling at his sides.
“Sherlock, I’m going to find me a wench and spend the night upstairs. You can do whatever you want, but don’t do it around me.”
“If you must know, I was telling him he was right the police bollocks the homicide last night.” John finished.
“Lying? Me? Don’t you know your precious Johnny Boy was spreading his legs for Major Sholto. Every time he got to.” Jim smiled at Sherlock. “Such a little whore.” Jim stepped closer and looked down at Sherlock. “I’m sure he sucked off every officer he came in contact with just to make his life easier in the army. Is that what he did with you? Flutter his blue eyes at you then grab his ankles so you would pay for his education. He was very good at prostituting himself to get his way.”
“I presume you are expecting a ‘thank you’ for pointing the police to the most logical explanation for the situation.”
Mycroft opened his mouth to oppose Sherlock, but paused. He could see any further comments would be either ignored or rejected. He slipped the thumb drive into his pocket and patted the outside of it slightly.
“I need to know that no one would take you away from me, John. No one can have you but me.” Sherlock moved forward and rested his hands on either side of John’s shoulders. “You are . . . beyond value to me, John. Please, you’ve indulged me in so much before. Indulge me in this.”
To John’s surprise, not all the poker players were men. Sitting in the chair opposite John was Captain Mary Morstan. She was in charge of the nurses at Bastion. She was a petite woman with straw colored hair and an impish smile. Her cornflower blue eyes twinkled as John sat down.
“Sherlock, if you wish to continue working with Scotland Yard, then you cease trying to contact John.” Mycroft said as he pressed the button on the table to call for butler.
Mike saw John as soon as he walked into the small café near campus. John was sitting a table with a mug of coffee sitting in front of him. Mike went to the counter and looked over the selections. He ordered a turkey sandwich with crisps. Then he eyed the array of small cakes. His girlfriend, Sandy, had been on his case for several weeks now about his weight. He hesitated then decided he needed extra energy if he was going to have to deal with the “John and Sherlock’ drama. He ordered a seed cake to go with his lunch. The woman behind the counter gave Mike his coffee and told him it would be a moment. Mike went and sat down opposite John.
“Mary was my chance at happiness. I’m not expecting to ever find another person who will make me that happy again. I don’t want to find them, because . . .” John closed his eyes to push the memories back again. “Because they will just leave me too.”
“This is not my hotel suite. I didn’t reserve it.” Mycroft quickly said. He didn’t want to mention Elizabeth Smallwood but she would quickly be drawn in to it.
“But he deserted his post and took up the life of a pirate shortly after returning to Plymouth. Interestingly enough just before he was to give testimony to what happened on the Maywand during the battle with the Dutch and to be given a medal for meritorious service to the crown.
Mycroft instantly recognized it was his gun that he kept in his bedside table. His eyes flicked over at Sherlock.
“Courting me?” John blinked several times as if awakening from a day dream. “We live together. You’re going to court me?”
“No, it a duplicate which I had made.” He grabbed the mobile from her hand and quickly looked at the numbers. Then he typed them into the actual camera phone he had secreted in his pocket. The mobile buzzed with the incorrect passcode.
“No, it’s a suicide. Some woman killed herself inside.” The younger man said trying to sound autocratic and in charge.
The room smelled of smoke and sweat. The sour smell of rot. It made the room seem all the more distasteful. The overly grandiose objects and furnishings and smell of corruption.
Not even his letter returned to him. He never heard a word from Sherlock or the school. Or even Sherlock’s interfering brother. It crushed what little hope was left for Sherlock and himself.
Greg Lestrade opened the door of his flat. Shuffling into the dark room, he set a cardboard box on the floor then struggled to get his overcoat off. It had been a long day. He had no leads in his investigation of the theft and his superiors were breathing down his neck. He was exhausted.
“Thank you for your time, Mister Holmes.” Lestrade addressed Sherlock. “I may need to interview you officially later on.”
John took a step slightly in front of Sherlock, blocking the advancing alpha from the omega. Magnussen noticed the blatant possessive move on John’s part. Sherlock seemed oblivious to it and moved to stand beside John as he glared at Magnussen.
John leaned forward and lightly kissed Sherlock’s mouth. The dark haired man reached forward and wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders. But before Sherlock could deepen the kiss, John broke it.
“So bold and intuitive.” He stepped closer to Sherlock. The younger man felt trapped in the small cabin with the man there. “Tell me . . . did Watson take you willingly or did you scream?”
“No, I am not. You’re not going after a murderer and I’m not going to tag along with you. I’m going to the police.” John lied.
“Although it is none of your business, twenty-five. And no I’m not bonded nor do I wish to be burdened with a thick-skulled low intelligent Neolithic alpha, thank you very much.” Sherlock glared at John.
John was suddenly taken back as he watched the naked omega rush around the room. His eyes couldn’t help but travel down Sherlock’s long frame to his pert arse and small thin cock.
Sherlock stood and followed him. He watched John as the young man tried to straighten up the messy kitchen for a few minutes. He noticed John was angry. There was a scowl on John’s face. He was wiping the counters down with a dirty tea towel while missing most of the crumbs. John tossed empty plastic bag towards the bin but not really attempting to make it into the container. Sherlock knew John had excellent aim when he tried. It was proof of how upset John was with him.
“My father? My father was a bastard. I ran away from him when I was eleven. I didn’t know what he did or even that he was dead.”
“Barr could have testified to that, but he is dead now. And besides, the Admiralty wouldn’t care I was trying to stop Underwood. They wouldn’t care. All they would care about was that I put a musket ball through his chest. I shot him because of Barr and Babcock.” John said. “Babcock. Do you ever dream about him, James? I still do.”
Moran totally forgot about his head wound. He yanked his arm away from the man and rushed to the Humvee. He had to get to John. He had to get to his omega.
“We cared for each other on the Maywand. We loved each other. Doesn’t that mean anything now? Anything to you?”
John certainly wasn’t comfortable and wanted to get something on just for the sake of emotion protection.
“I didn’t want to press charges. It would mean court dates and meetings with solicitors. I never wanted to see him again. I wanted him to just disappear.” Sherlock said rolling his shoulder trying to sound unaffected by the news Victor was free.
Sherlock said nothing. He continued to rummage around underneath the bed. Mycroft sighed dramatically. He turned and left the bedroom.
Both men waited until Dr. Owens had left. Sherlock glaring at Mycroft while Mycroft remained aloof. Once the door was shut, it was Sherlock who spoke first.
“Carmichael is a wanker. Always bitch’n he’s been cheated. Never could hold his liquor.” Moran snapped.
“Bugg’r off,” Greg grumbled as he waved away the congratulation. He wandered between the desks walking to his private office.
Sherlock woke up in a room lit with sunshine. Multiple windows on two sides of the room allowed the light of the sunrise to illuminate the room without the sun actually blinding the person in the bed. The bed was an old fashioned four-poster. Sherlock was positive it was a reproduction and not an authentic antique. The bedding was thick and white. Lace and eyelet everywhere. Chintz upholstery on overstuffed furniture. Doilies draped across the chairs. There was an ornate mantle over an open fireplace. Several porcelain figurines were lined up on the mantle, staring out at him in bed. The wallpaper was cream with small pink rose buds.
The words bounced around inside John’s head. He knew when he told Sherlock the truth, he was going to hurt the man he loved. Sherlock could read something in John’s eyes. His face contorted into concern. John needed to redirect Sherlock’s train of thought.
“You will come for me as soon as you are released?” John heard the uncertainty in Sherlock’s voice. Emotional pain flickered in Sherlock’s changeable eyes.
Back on the Morstan John was shouting. “McMath! I said I wanted to shoot across her decks, not into the side of her. Raise your cannons!”
The men grabbed their gear and headed back into the compound behind the sandbag walls. John started to follow them when James reached out and grabbed John’s arm.
Hope was making sure all the barrels of supplies he had paid for were being loaded while Sherlock was looking at the town. It was clean town and appeared to be relatively respectable. He knew if he waited until they reached Port Royal, he wouldn’t have a chance at escape at all. Port Royal was a pirate haven and no one there would be willing to help him at all. And with the supplies being loaded on, Hope wouldn’t need to stop again until they reached Jamaica. This was Sherlock’s only chance.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said drawing his brother’s attention. “There is no connection between Elizabeth and this Cavendish. Her family wouldn’t arrange her murder.”
John aimed and fired but his gun was hit by the wild shot from Moran’s gun. The sights shifted a mere half inch before the bullet left the barrel of the gun. The projectile grazed across Moran’s cheek. John’s gun was hurled out of his grip. It skidded under the heavy furniture and out of reach.
“What does he do for a living that he could have men come in here and search your flat on Sunday morning?” John asked as he collapsed back down on the couch.
Women called out to the sailors, enticing them into their establishments. Members of the crew veered off and into the various public houses that line either side of the street. John, Sherlock, and James kept walking towards the end of the street. There was a two-story building with a broad porch and covered balcony that wrapped around it. Blood red Bougainvillea grew up the trellis and under the eaves.
“It is a shame the good doctor had to leave, then.” Mycroft wondered if Sherlock’s last venture into a drug indulgence was solely because of John’s departure from his life or a built up need that Sherlock finally succumbed to.
Sherlock didn’t know the voice. It was a young boy – maybe  ten, maybe younger. He lifted his head and a searing white pain bloomed in his skull. He groaned and fell to the side. Landing in the seating position, Sherlock finally opened his eyes and tried to focus on the owner of the voice.
“I think that will be all for today. I want to see the increases take place immediately. And Seb . . . deal with that.” Moriarty waved his hand at the attorney.
“I realized our mother filled your head with the notion that you were going to be allowed the opportunity to choose your mate but . . .” placated Mycroft.
“Sherlock, please. He could have killed you tonight. How much more are you going to take? Why would you keep defending this monster?” John asked. But John knew how much someone would take from the person they loved. He knew from experience.
“Moriarty wanted Moran to get close to you and control you somehow.” Sherlock continued as John held his head in hands.
Seb burst out laughing. He crossed the room and sat down next to John, pulling the smaller man close for a kiss. John was overwhelmed. He hadn’t expect the contact. He quickly brought his hands up and tried to push the other soldier off himself, but Seb kept his arms tightly around John’s body. Finally, John grunted and turned his head, breaking the kiss.
“Mayfield was transferred back to Kandahar while you were at Bastion. We have three new men transferred in and I’m taking them out.” John explained.
Lestrade remembered seeing Sherlock when he was seventeen and in rehab. The young omega acted so arrogant and belligerent. He acted that way to cover up how scared he was. Lestrade remembered sitting with Sherlock in a darkened room because the omega said the lights hurt his eyes. But Sherlock was hiding. Afraid of everyone. Lestrade watched as Sherlock’s hands shook as he held a cigarette, slowly lifting it to his chapped lips before taking a drag. The red glow of the lit end reflected in Sherlock’s silver eyes. For a moment, Greg Lestrade forgot the age difference. He had forgotten the difference in their backgrounds. He had forgotten he was already married to an unfaithful wife. He wanted to wrap the frightened omega in his arms and keep him safe. He wanted to protect Sherlock, not only from the world and his family but from Sherlock, himself.
“Anyone who goes up against him suffers. Greatly. Anyone who denies him suddenly have their most private secrets exposed to the world. He has destroyed lives with his stories and divulges.”
“Too dangerous? He was a six year of boy! How could he have done something to them?” John growled back.
Sherlock picked up the photo and was looking at it when John noticed what he had done. John quickly came over and took the photo away from Sherlock and placed it back down on the shelf. Carefully turning it so the picture could be easily seen from anywhere in the room.
“He was murdered about a year after you and your sister left. Unsolved. It is believed it was a rival gang but there was some speculation that it might have been someone within his own organization.” Mycroft finished.
“Professional. Not a robbery gone wrong.” Sherlock said off-handed as he stepped closer to the body.
The two moved together. Without doubt. Certain of each other’s devotion. A slow and rhythmic dance only accentuated with moans and heavy breathing.
“Just like last time we were here. Half of the crew can leave now and the other half tomorrow night. I want someone on duty at all time. And if the Scotland shows up in the harbor, fire a cannon. We should be able to get back to the Morstan quicker that way.”
“I’m not surprised. The two of them refuse to believe I’m capable of independent thought regardless to the evidence to the contrary.”
Sherlock looked down into the flushed face of his mate. He could see the fear at the corners of John’s lips. The etched worry lines creasing his smooth face. John’s dark blue eyes pleading with him.
James was sure he was going to punch John. “Get yourself cleaned up and report to my quarters in ten minutes.” He ordered, then turned and marched off towards the communication warren.
“She was dead in the bathtub. You were crying beside her. You couldn’t wake her.” Violet continued ignoring the man’s growing anger. “Siger wanted to bring you here. I refused. I knew you were damaged. Not right, just like her. I wouldn’t have you here with my sons. My good and normal sons.”
“I mean . . .” Sherlock swallowed audible then glanced away from John’s gaze. “I mean is that what it is like when you are with . . . someone you pay for.”
Sherlock gave a huff and crossed his arms over his chest. “Stop acting like I don’t understand what the two of you are talking about. I won’t report you to the police.”
“If I had filed charges, he would have been in jail and unable to hurt your friend.” Sherlock looked away from John.
Normally I reply to comments on my stories. But during these first few difficult chapters I just can't. But after this one, I will be returning to my normal practice of answering everyone. Thank you for the warm and kind comments. It is a difficult subject to start with. But this will be the last chapter dealing directly with domestic violence.
“That might be too base a description . . .” He couldn’t stop the rosy tint that now colored his cheeks.
Mycroft recognized Lady Smallwood’s handwriting. The note was scented with her perfume. So far the evening had been a complete disaster. The guests at the gala were boring and the conversations insipid. His planned introduction between Sherlock and Sir Henry didn’t happen. And Sherlock had behaved like a child and run off. It had been a miserable evening but maybe things were looking up.
Mycroft rushed passed the two men, noting he hadn’t seen them before. But Anthea acknowledged them briefly, before following her boss into his house. The woman’s simple acceptance of the two men put Mycroft at ease. Mycroft had his hands full with Sherlock and couldn’t be bothered with instructing new security personnel.
Jim Moriarty sat at his desk and was studying Sherlock in the same curious manner a small child would study a bug. Sherlock wasn’t sure that if at any moment, whether Jim would either set him free or crush him.
“Do you think Sherlock dear will be happy to see his slutty omega again. I mean . . . not even a day after your pup is born and you are in the arms of another alpha.”
John pushed forward and kissed James hard. Demanding and possessive. James doesn’t want to but he relinquished control to the blond. John dips his face and bites kisses down James’ sweat and dirt streaked throat.
John and Sherlock each had a man to fight. They danced and weaved as they tried to avoid being punched. Their attackers kept lumbering forward and then pushed back with every punch Sherlock and John landed on them. Finally one of the attackers pulled out a short pistol and pulled the hammer back. He aimed it straight at John’s chest. John halted in mid-punch. Sherlock stopped fighting as soon as he saw John’s life threatened.
“I didn’t follow John’s orders. I tore the stitches and developed a fever. He came by to treat me. He gave me some antibiotics and cleaned and redressed the wound.”
“I was shot in Sangin just outside of the camp walls. I was med-vac’ed out to Bastion. Then from there to Landstuhl in Germany. An American base. He could have been looking for me but because I was on an American base he couldn’t reach me,” explained John. “After my last surgery, I was discharged in Germany. I received transportation back to England and ended up in London.”
John shifted again on the bench as Sherlock’s hands moved to John’s breeches. He fumbled with the buttons and plunged his hand in between the fabric to touch John’s hardened length. John groaned. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the sensation of Sherlock’s long fingers wrapped around him.
“Sherlock? What are you doing up? You need your rest if you’re going to heal.” John said as he looked at the leather and chrome chair Sherlock was sitting in. “Is that new?”
“I’m not sure about that.” John mocked. “Anyone who won’t listen to a doctor when he is injured doesn’t impress me as being very mature.”
Fear was pumping through Elizabeth’s body but she couldn’t move. She couldn’t flee. She had to sit and listen to the mad man.
John could feel Sherlock breathing irregularly and slight tremors in his body. John placed his hands on either side of Sherlock’s face and lifted the man’s head. He saw Sherlock’s red eyes and runny nose that meant the man had been crying.
John looked up surprised at the old man. The tribal elder looked down at John then raised the rifle up for the soldier to see. A Russian Mosin-Nagant. An old bolt-action rifle.
“Facial recognition is not as accurate as the movies would make you think it is.” Mycroft pressed the button for the ground floor.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow as he studied John. He ignored the twinge of guilt that ran through his body.
“Oh no. I’m not going to be so literal in revenge. I’m not going to be ‘a tooth for a tooth and eye for an eye’. No, I’m thinking more abstract. Mycroft’s man spent twelve hours torturing me. He beat me and burned me with his cigarettes. Then in front of the Iceman, he used a hammer to brake every bone in the hand. It took five operations to get to where it is today. I should have let them amputate it.” Moriarty looked down at his mangled hand and wrist in disgust. He opened and closed it but the ability to grasp anything had been lost the damaged appendage. He swiped the table with it, hitting the teacup. The china cup and tea were flung across the table and onto the floor where it shattered.
“Nine, nine, nine, what is your emergency?” The board female voice asked on the other end of the line.
“Usually the patient complains about the salve.” John said staring at Sherlock. A slight smirk on his face.
“You forced yourself to be in charge even before he died. You’ve been butting your fat nose into everybody’s busy before he even knew what had happened.” Sherlock marched pass Mycroft and crossed the room. “Why do you hate me so?!”
Sherlock leaned forward and dragged his nose across John’s ear. “You are so brave. You amaze me, my love.”
Greg pulled himself back from the bed. “Think about what kind of future Sherlock will have if you are convicted and sent to prison. What it will be like for him, separated from you . . . even for heats. Is that the future you would want for him.”
John climbed to his feet and held his hand out to Sherlock. He pulled Sherlock to his feet and gave him a one arm hug. Separating, John took the necklace and looked at it. He shifted it in his hand and let the sunlight pass through the stones.
“Hargrove Industrial is a major military contractor. They provide software for military computers. West was an analyst for them. He would have access to defense plans and protocols. If for no other reason than to verify the programs used in writing them. He was agitated when he left the flat and was more than likely going to meet someone when he was murdered. And the murder took place less than two weeks ago. Not enough time for Mycroft to head off any damage.”
2017 The final show down between Sherlock and Moran 2010 Greg gets called to a crime scene and finds the last person every wanted to see there.
Sherlock noticed John was drinking black coffee. When they lived together, John like milk in his coffee. It was simple but it made Sherlock wondered if his tastes changed because of the Army or because of other things in his life. He wondered what other changes had happened to John. Again he quickly looked around the flat. It barely looked like John lived here. He didn’t believe two people lived here.
Sherlock started on John’s left thigh. He licked the slick glistening there. It was sweet and warm like brown sugar or honey. Sherlock believed he could get drunk on it. He leaned forward and licked at the source of the slick. John moaned and pushed back into Sherlock’s face.
“He is one. Sitting in his web. His senses posed to listen to any vibration along the thin strands of his criminal network.” Mycroft looked repulsed at the thought of the man.
“I apologize. I should know better. You have never let me down. Smith texted me. It is a go on his end. Are you ready to start?”
Sherlock waited until the after dark before he left his flat. He knew Mycroft’s sniffer dogs would be after him, so Sherlock moved carefully through the shadows, until he was certain he had lost the surveillance team.
He saw a man sitting cross-legged on the floor with a candle in front of him. The man was hunched at the shoulders and seemed to be concentrating on something in his hands. Soundlessly, Blackwood crawled down the steep stairs and onto the deck. He moved on ‘cat’s paws’ up behind the man sitting on the floor. The man’s back to Blackwood.
“I refuse to believe that. Many things can happen between now and then.” Sherlock stepped closer to John. “Look at what’s happened so far in the past four months.”
“Look, after work, come by the Grey Horse over by Barbican Tube station. My shift starts at eight. First round free for you and your team.”
Suddenly, Sherlock’s mouth was watering. His mind was caught up in the loop of John standing there under the water and pleasuring himself.
Mycroft took a moment to let the information sink in. His petulant brother with no amount of self-preservation was presently on a ship with cut-throats and murders.
“You spoke to him?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “I sincerely doubt that. John hates you worse than he hates me. I can’t imagine he would willing engage in a conversation with you other than to call you names.”
“Yes we were. In fact, you meant everything to me, but I guess that wasn’t enough for you. You needed more than I could give and I – well, I’m an idiot too.”
“Who else would be willing to pawn the watch? Who other than yourself had access to it? You said you received it upon your father’s death. So not another family member. You have been at sea for many years. If you had pawned it, you would be unable to reclaim it before it was sold. Therefore it had to be your father who was pawning it. Why would a man of more than adequate income fall into such poverty to pawn a valuable item as a gold watch. Health issues. What kind of health issues come and go at least three times, drunkenness.”
“Alright.” Greg wasn’t sure what had happened but he knew better than to push the omega. “Tomorrow morning, first thing, my office.”
That was three years ago and King James has fled England. William and Mary were crowned king and queen. Then the letter had arrived in Bridgetown – written by Mary herself, for Mycroft. He was once again needed by her. She wished for his counsel and wanted to make him an advisor to herself and her husband. Mary astutely realized that her husband’s nationality, Dutch, made him questionable as an English king.
“I believe that someone is trying to force Mycroft to influence the king and queen to make mistakes. Mistakes that will cost them their crowns. Maybe even bring James back from exile.”
John felt the edge of a cup placed against his lips and he took a cooling sip of water. He could not remember anything tasting as good. He tried to reach for the cup but again his arms were too weak to move.
“I told you that you were mine. You are going to come with me now, or stay here and watch your boyfriend bleed out on the floor.”
Sebastian Moran lay in his bed as he flipped through the pictures on his phone. He had taken several surveillance photos of Sherlock for Jim. They were taken at different times and in different places. Moran had saved them to his own phone for his personal use. Ever since Moran had seen Sherlock through his scope as he leaned over Magnussen’s dead body, the alpha had been fantasizing about the man. He wondered what Sherlock smelled like. He wondered what the omega would taste like. He wanted to know what it would be like to breed Sherlock.
Mycroft sat in the library of his townhouse and watched as the fire crackled in the grates. Outside his windows, he could hear the singing and the ringing of the church bells. England was safe again. He was responsible for its safety but only the Queen knew that. Her trust in him was complete. He wondered how her trust in him would be after she learned he had lied about Sherlock’s death.
“Archibald Crilley. Fifteen. He is a street kid. Lived in the allies behind Moriarty’s pub. I spoke to him personally. He told me everything. He agreed to be shot up with heroin. He didn’t know it was a purposeful overdose. Moran is the one who injected him. Moran rushed the boy into the A&E and played hero for you. Let me guess . . . he approached you first for a date.”
John straightened up and listened. His vision was still blocked by the black hood, but he knew that voice. He had heard it so many times in his dreams. If made his skin tingle to hear it again. John suddenly felt sick. Like he was going to vomit. He didn’t want to see the man again. He didn’t want it to be like this.
The knock on his office door brought Mycroft out of his stupor and back into the concerns of the present. He pressed the button and the door unlocked. His new assistant entered the room carrying a brown paper sack.
Sherlock turned away from Mycroft. The younger Holmes glared into the fireplace. The cold grates where grey. He kept his face turned away as he struggled to keep the tears at bay. He wouldn’t cry in front of his brother.
The rain fell and the field became a slick muddy pitch. The men continued. Sliding and grabbing each other as they chased and tackled each other. When the game was over, the men were better for it. James walked up and wrapped his arm over John’s shoulder.
Sherlock took a moment to look around John’s cabin. It was a single room that stretched from one side of the ship to the other, just like the room next door. The back wall of the cabin were a bank of windows looking out over the stern of the ship and the sea. A wooden bench and been built under the window with a narrow door leading out to a small balcony was just outside the window. Sherlock could see several plants growing in buckets and barrels cut into two. The plants on the balcony almost blocked the view of the sea.
Moran leaped off the bench and threw himself at the bars of the cell. He reached through the bars to grab the man’s throat and throttle him. The brigadier stumbled backwards out of the man’s reach. He could see the vitriol hatred in Moran’s face. He would kill his friend for calling the omega a ‘boi’.
“Only if you tell me why you were there.” Sherlock grabbed a bottle of water from his frig and the bottle of aspirin from the counter.
Moran hoped this night would be over soon. The chlorine from the water was beginning to burn his nose and eyes. They had been waiting for an hour for the man to arrive. His boss had arrived with some stranger only minutes before. He wasn’t sure what was going to happen, but he knew the detective was probably not going to leave the building alive once the boss was done speaking to him. He was glad. He was tired of the game his boss had been playing with the detective. It had cost them money and credibility and for what. Just to show off to this Sherlock Holmes. Whoever the devil he was.
“Johnny Boy got between my alpha and me. I had to kill my alpha. Now it is John’s turn to suffer. He will get to see you die. He will get to watch you jump off this building.”
Sherlock stopped pacing and looked at the other man. John still had deep blue eyes, but they were no longer open and inviting. The warmth he had known there was shut away and hidden. Sherlock knew he was to blame for it. For all of it.
“But it is your brother’s wish.” Magnussen said calmly ignoring Mycroft’s tone. “Don’t you wish to make your brother happy?”
The crew deck on the Mary Morstan was between the two gun decks. It was much tighter than the gun decks. The ceiling height was barely over five feet. All the men needed to duck as they walked down it. Hammocks were hung from the bulkhead walls to a series of vertical poles that ran down the centre of the deck. Men slept in the hammocks hung two to a pole. The quarters were cramped and foul-smelling. The numerous portholes were open, but the unwashed bodies of several dozen men were overwhelming. Sherlock took one step onto the deck, then went to find somewhere else to sleep.
The bright light blinded John for a moment. He paused and looked into the dingy room. There was a tub and sink. The fixtures were stained with rust. The seat on the toilet had been replaced over the years and was a different color from the porcelain base. The vinyl floor was scuffed and worn.
“You didn’t care. And now that there is someone there who does care, you feel threatened. Well, fuck you. I will take care of Sherlock. I will do a better job than you ever did.” John glared.
“They took her out to the desert. She wasn’t worth a bullet. They took her out there and killed her.” Hindi whispered.
Sherlock moved slowly through the rooms of his Mind Palace. Rooms he had avoided for years. The memory of John’s first day of surgical rotation. The excitement and anticipation. John so keyed up, he practically ripped Sherlock’s clothes off to celebrate. The feel of John’s hands on his body. The sounds of the two of them together.
“It is rude to sneak up on someone while they are working.” Sherlock said. His voiced deep and rumbling.
the driver thought as he pulled the car out into traffic. Everyone should know not to double cross Moriarty and Moran.
“Sherlock don’t be so childish. I have explained to you that England is too dangerous for you to return to.” Mycroft said as he stood at his desk. He was not looking at his nineteen-year-old brother but at the report from England in his hand. He finished reading it and set it with other inside his leather valise.
“Love, brother dear. It is messy and destructive. Something that should be avoided at all cost.” Mycroft said but was unable to look Sherlock in the eye as he said it.
Sherlock tipped his face up and tried to open his eyes. His lids felt like they glued shut. The shift in his head’s position brought the headache to attention. Sherlock winced and groaned. He slowly opened his eyes and looked up into eyes that were cornflower blue.
John’s knees were folded and resting against his chest in the small room. He tipped his head back and closed his eyes. He just wanted to go to sleep now and forget about how badly his weekend was going.
John quickly grabbed his clothes and went out the window of Sherlock’s bedroom. He easily made it over the roof to the building next door. Just as Sherlock had said, the door was unlocked. He stepped inside the building and then got the rest of his clothes on. Buttoning up his shirt and putting his jacket on. He glanced down at Sherlock’s phone and reread the text from Lestrade. John had only minutes before the police would be pounding on Sherlock’s door.
“Yeah, that works . . .” John exhaled. This body responding to the sensation of Sherlock’s long dexterous fingers alternating as they added pressure to their gentle grasp.
It was late and Michelle was still out working. Hoping for a few more coins so that she could get something to eat. Maybe make enough that she wouldn’t need to return to ally for a day or two. There were only one other woman left beside Michelle. She glanced up and saw him approach.
Lestrade had quickly scanned the room. Visually checking each corner and every item. His eyes fell briefly on Sherlock who still sitting in his leather and chrome chair, but Sherlock was sitting up now and paying attention to the officer.
“Good evening, sir. If you require anything else, please do not hesitate to ring room service.” The young beta turned and left the suite.
“Well.” Sherlock rushed out of the darkness and crashed a lead pipe into the head of the man walking down the tunnel. “The radius curvature of these walls is nearly four meters. If you miss the bullet will ricochet. Could hit anyone, might even bounce off the tunnel and hit you.”
“What do you want?” Sherlock asked bluntly. He tugged slightly on his scarf to loosen it from around his neck. Fear and anxiety were churning through him but Sherlock was not going to let the alpha know that.
“How unfortunate.” Mycroft said. He glanced away from Lestrade and seemed to be thinking about something else other than the dead man.
“Isn’t it early for the usual police harassment?” Sherlock asked. His eyes were bloodshot and Sherlock’s skin had a sickly pallor. “You heard the good doctor. I was sick. Now leave. All of you.”
He opened his eyes and saw his clothes sitting on the chair in the room. Relieved only slightly, John quickly put them on. He felt something was familiar but he just couldn’t put his finger on it. John slowly opened the bedroom door and poked his head around the corner. John realized it wasn’t a radio he heard. Someone was actually playing a violin. John slowly walked down the hall and saw a tall figure in a blue dressing gown; dark curls hunched over a violin.
Isabella noticed the tremble in John’s voice. She placed her hand over John’s to stop him from speaking. “My client has provided you with an alibi for both murders. There is a photograph of a suspect in Trevor’s murder that doesn’t look a thing like Dr. Watson. And he has no idea why James Sholto was murdered. He has answered your questions and given all the assistance he can. The interview is over.” She stood up and grabbed her briefcase. “Come John. We are done here.”
Ella, his therapist, had told him the same thing, but he knew she was wrong. He leg ached. The knife wound from the Taliban fighter still burned. But Sherlock had also told him it was psychosomatic. John wondered why Sherlock would say such a thing without even asking about the injury.
After he had helped a young Afghan boy whose arm had gotten infected from a fall, things began to change for the soldiers. The boy was the youngest and favorite son of a tribal elder. John saved the boy’s life. The following day, a young herdsman came in with information about Taliban movements in the mountains to the north of the base. The following week, a woman came to warn the soldiers of an ambush attack on a convoy heading to the camp from Kandahar.
“I don’t normally sleep this late. I hate over sleeping.” John sighed sleepily, as he pulled Sherlock closer. He leaned into Sherlock and kissed whatever portion of the omega was closest to him.
John lifted an eyebrow and held his glass out for a refill. Frankie eagerly poured it, then set the bottle down. Sherlock finally joined them and sat down too.
Mary knelt at her husband’s feet and helped put his shoes on as numerous advisors and Lords came into the room.
He instantly regretted losing his temper. It was inappropriate. It meant he was losing control. Unthinkable. Inexcusable.
Moriarty’s man returned to the pub. He picked up John’s suitcase and opened it. The barman saw the stranger rummaging around in the cloths and shaving kit.
The door open suddenly. Banging against the wall as the tall man with a barrel for a chest stood in the doorway. John’s fingers tightened around the grip of the gun. His hand was moving before he recognized the man. John’s dark blue eyes, although bloodshot, were hard and emotionless as they stared at the intruder.
Mycroft hesitated, then drew his handkerchief out of his pocket with a flare. He carefully laid it over the desiccated appendage before he cautiously picked it up. He turned the hand over and looked at the tips of the fingers.
“Go ahead . . . call someone . . . to shoot me . . . I don’t care . . . do me a fucking favor . . . and kill me.” Moran said between breaths.
“Isn’t there some rule against treating a patient you are personally involved with?” Sherlock asked. He shifted trying to figure out a way to hide his arm.
“You know Mycroft and your mother insisted we were not.” Jim said. He watched Sherlock carefully as he mentioned the man’s dead mother again.
Sherlock glared at his flat-mate. The only reason Sherlock was allowed to live in London on his own was because he had assured Mycroft and his mother, that Victor was trustworthy. The real reason Sherlock had agreed to allow Victor to live with him was that Victor was good at giving the appearance of being a respectable omega. He would lie convincingly for Sherlock whenever necessary. He would tell everyone that he and Sherlock spent a quiet evening at home while Sherlock was out roaming the city, solving mysteries.
John shifted on his feet. Taking a more defensive stance. “Safer? Is there something I should be worried about, Sherlock?”
She looked over his shoulder and saw Sherlock was presently dissecting a heart. Before him on the table were several other organs. All very small and obviously not human.
Their sex did continue and often. But Moran found himself being fucked as much as he was fucking the dark haired omega. There was no passion or sharing or raw aggression. He discovered, James enjoyed humiliating his partners in bed. Moran had refused to be tied up and beaten by the small omega, but he was required to sit and watch as James did it to other alphas. Alpha business partners who had failed to follow through with their promises to James. James relished gaging these alphas and using his various crops and whips on them. The alphas so ashamed, they never told anyone of their assaults.
“I wanted to see you again. I thought we should try.” The words faded off as he looked at the sullen expression on John’s face. “I thought that if we could talk . . .”
Sherlock sprinkled some the powdered sulfur into the wound then smeared the black ichthammol over the wound. He lightly laid a cotton cloth over the injury but didn’t bind it any further.
Behind the kitchen, Sherlock could see a smaller room with a single bed in it. The bedding was cheap and plain. There were no pictures on the walls and no knickknacks that would divulge anything about the person living here. The rooms were clean and devote of personality. The only thing that was personal in the flat was a single photograph in a cheap black frame. It sat on the shelf of an otherwise empty bookshelf save for a few medical periodicals.
John twisted back to Mycroft. “Obviously you are his brother, and I guess you care, but you are not helping. Get out.”
Sir Henry glanced at Stapleton with a confused look on his face then remembered. “Yes, how silly of me.”
Sherlock hesitated. He had heard of the name. It was whispered around the drawing rooms of the rich and powerful.
John walked through the city till he finally found himself at Mike’s front door. His friend opened up the door and invited him in. John spent the night on the couch, unable to explain why he couldn’t go home to Sherlock.
“It is a viable option since I just lost my scholarship.” John said. “And before you argue the point, no you are not paying for my education. It is my responsibility and I will find a way.”
Sherlock went over and knelt down in front of the fireplace. A fire had already been laid and all he needed to do was strike a match to the kindling. In seconds, the yellow glow lightened the room and heat was struggling to warm them.
“John Watson is only spending time around you for one reason. And one reason only. His type does that.”
“Major, you got see the doc shoot,” Henn interrupted. “He is a dead eye. We pulled out the L11 and at four hundred meters, he’s put it in the center ring.”
“My brother puts honor and country ahead of everything else. Including the illusion of sibling devotion.”
John looked up into the open and honest face of Sherlock. It was impossible for the man to say no to the alpha. John sighed heavily.
“You feel you can take care of yourself, John, but you don’t understand how much danger you are in.”
“Is it so difficult for you to believe that I would care about your safety? Also, I feel that once you are out of the direct influence of this . . .” He glanced distastefully at John. John simple glared at the man. “. . . alpha, that you will realize your folly and accept my assistance.”
Sherlock stood still for a moment studying John’s face. Then he simply shrugged and stepped away from John. Returning to the chair he had sat in earlier, Sherlock flopped down, crossing his long legs. He still wore his coat and scarf.
Mycroft studied the CCTV video of Sherlock leaving hospital. He could be followed for several blocks, then he disappeared again. Mycroft cursed under his breath and rubbed his eyes. The sting he felt there was not just from fatigue. The nagging sensation of failure itched at his very soul.
A sweat bead rolled down the alpha’s temple. He licked his lips as his eyes moved quickly around the room. How could he stop this from happening? How could he rescue John? Suddenly he heard his boss scream.
He couldn’t remove the room so he tried locking the doors. Preventing himself from entering the room, but that didn’t work either. As soon as he turned the key to lock the door, the door would explode outwards and John’s voice, his laughter and the sounds of his moans, would pour out of the room and overwhelm Sherlock again.
He had caught the Appledore anchored just off the Aran Islands near the entrance to Galway Bay. Not only had be caught Magnussen and his ship, but schooner was also anchored on the seaside of the ship. The Appledore was unable to return fire at the Morstan. Their cannon ports were blocked.
“But we know differently. And that makes this different from then.” John stood up and walked towards the door of his cabin. “We’ll be in Charlotte Amalie by noon tomorrow and Sherlock Holmes will be off the Morstan. Then we can simply disappear again and go on as we have been.”
“We’ve sewn Henry and James into their shrouds, John.” James said quietly. “When you are ready, we will proceed with their burial.”
“John! You’re a doctor . . . you know you shouldn’t be drinking while you’re pregnant!” Sherlock let go of John’s wrists. “Did some alpha try and pick you up?!” Anger burned white through Sherlock’s body.
“At her house. She apparently was entertaining someone. She served them tea. Then for some reason . . . maybe there was an argument or something . . . I don’t know . . .”
