Tony had enough of waiting for the fight to come to him; enough of megalomaniac would be super villains. He wanted to take the war to the source and obliterate it before anyone else had to die.
“She was wrong, well her formula was wrong but I'm so much smarter than her.” Tony's standing now and pacing. “Babe look at me! I've never felt this good, I'm faster and stronger and I can feel everything! The tower, the coms, and hell I can tap into the whole fucking internet with just a thought!”
“It’s right” Steve said, the hatch cracking open and sea water rushing in around them.
Loki had been blinded by her smiles and drawn in by her seeking touch. Like the sailors, she drowned with her voice, suffocated by her promising whispers and false admiration.
Scorpio himself made a hasty exit when a familiar black helicopter arrived with a trench coat and eye patch wearing director who was not above shooting at his own brother. After all, Nick had been getting a massage and this was his ‘personal day’ and that little mother fucker ruined it. Woe betide the man who interrupts Nick Fury’s Spa day.
As for the rest of the team, the general feeling was that as long as Steve was health and happy it didn’t matter. In-fact, no one had even said a word about it, when Thor came to visit everyone he was a little confused by it but generally seemed unphased.
“See you soon, Mrs. Barton.”
Not that he minded spending time with his boyfriend, it's just that Bruce was a planner type of person. He liked having at lease an idea of were he was going/ After spending years on the run, Bruce had had enough spontaneity. So with a quick google search and few helpful suggestions he had a rough idea of the day.
It started with rolling blackouts and mainframe crashes. Not all at once, just over time... there should have been more clues to connect the dots but then the attacks got worse and they couldn't pin down who was responsible.
“No, no, nothing like that.” He assured. “If anything he seemed...I don't know. Less Loki?”
The screams started then, the cursing, the crying as the armor stepped into the exposed opening. Beck was on the floor staring dazed, covering his ears from the blast. There was a woman crawling away through the door, her legs were bloody through her ripped fishnet stockings. A hooker maybe, wasn’t that charming.
Maybe they could find some peace at the end of all this, but not every member of the avenger family could, and hell hath no fury like a red head with time on her hands.
Pepper smiled when the melody flouting through the workshop met her ears. It was one she added to Steve’s Play list, clearly, Tony wasn’t fooling anyone by listing to something so uncharacteristically not him. She slipped off her shoes and tip toed inside, Jarvis in silent agreement had not alerted his creator to the woman’s presence. Clearly, the AI had had enough of this foolishness as well.
If he could simply angle his mind in such a way that he would not remember Steve’s face, the sound of his voice, the texture of his hair, the way his skin smelled and tasted. The recognizable pattern of his footsteps. All the little things about that man that had become so ingrained into his life.
He didn’t wait for her to say anything else, just nodding to her exiting and taking a moment to breathe in the empty room.
He couldn’t kill him.
Phil moved at the center of pack, Daisy on point and Mac and May at flank. He touched his ear peace and eyes the area just to the east of the buildings entrance. “Sergeant Barnes what’s your 20?”
Wait what....
Thank god for Pepper thinking to bring Tony one of the test gauntlets, Steve was griping his hand hard enough that the alloys where creaking from the stress. It was well worth it though being able to anchor his laboring mate. “That’s it baby you can do it.”
The woman’s eyes focused on the point of light and then traveled up to the merman’s pained face. It couldn’t be. What she was seeing was a boy in his mid-twenties that looked remarkably like Howard Stark.
“Anthony…”
“Never.” he winked and headed off to the quin jet.
“When were you going to tell me.”
Standing over a body, carefully hidden behind the overgrowth of foliage, Phil poked at the exposed wires that certainly shouldn't be poking from a human neck.  “An LMD, why would hydra be using LMD's when they a perfectly good pack of goons to pick from.”
Since coming back to Midgard, he had learned a great many things. Some better than others, some useful – some not (Social media was completely asinine). Out of all the things he had picked up among the mortal world, one phrase that kept coming to mind was '
Steve shook his head and shared the laugh, “ hey now, I could still take you.”
So many people that he's loved he's had to bury. So many lies he's had to tell. And at the the end of the day he's still the same.
“What about Me.” Steve asks and he knows it's selfish because this is a damn miracle really. Yet it feels like one of those awful science fiction films where everything starts out good cause the mad scientist had come up with some innovated thing then it all takes a turn. Then it's just horror and screaming. He can't take that, can't lose Tony again.
Now the raven-haired prince looked out on the vast hidden kingdom of Asgard and felt nothing but hate. Nothing but cold churning rage in his belly. They did not want him, but she had…even if it was for nothing more than a plaything. Did they all know that? He suspected as much, he had been the laughing stock of court many times before - but now. Now he would never be able to show his face. The trickster had fallen for a trick. Some would call it just deserts, others would call it penance. Despite any ill action Loki had inflicted upon another, he never went as far as this. Never dug those liar claws in so deep that the wound would never heal.
Steve was busy painting the nursery, having sent Bucky out on his mission - Omega wrangling. This roughly translated into keeping Tony from doing anything asinine.
In his desperation Howard left his home, his child in the care of his butler, Howard made his way through the village to the local tap house. Perhaps if he soaked his anxiety and sorrow in the bitter spirits, around men more pathetic than himself, he could forget. What he did not expect was to overhear mad narrative from just across the dining hall.
That was embarrassing.
“She called him Anthony.” Thor says, leaning closer to look at the child now clutching one of his brother’s fingers.
Wagner looked down at his clasped hands, tail drooping slightly. “I know you are strong enough my dear friend. Logan spoke with a contact in Canada recently. There is an orphanage there for mutant children and young mutant mothers. It is a nice place surrounded by forests.” Kurt smiled thinking of the photos he'd seen of the old lodge tucked away in the snowy mountains.
There was one thing he was sure he’d give his damn best to be better at - and that was being the kind of father his wasn’t. To be a better partner than what his mother had. He had always told himself that on the off chance he ever did settle down he’d do it right, he’d be all in and nothing would come before his family.  Even if he thought that dream was over with becoming Iron Man. Even when he thought, no one could handle all his baggage.  Somehow right when he least expected it…love just sort of happened.
Still the asset said nothing.
Steve fumbled with the paper until Daddy helped him. The little gasped looking down at his present, tears gathering in the corners of his eyes as he lifted the bear up. It wore a blue double buttoned jacked and a little black mask. The little one hugged it to his chest. "Bucky bear..."
Steve seemed to respond better to Pepper who reminded him of his mother. Sarah Rogers had done her best to prepare her boy for life but she hadn’t been long for this world and left her little boy far to early with so many unanswered question. Steve had spend his youth trying so hard to prove he was just like everyone else, that illness and poverty hadn’t made him weak. In the grand scheme of things he’d forgotten to remember that is was alright to be different. Pepper blamed his general outlook on his own nature the result of of a different time. Back when omega had their ‘place’ and Steve ever the little firecracker refused to stay in that place.
“Captain Rogers!”
He would have never met Tony.  He would have never met any of them. He would have never found Bucky.
"Tony can you hear me say something?" Pepper was holding his face and he vaguely registered the feel of the cold lab floor under his palms where he sat.
With a hard shove, Cap sent his assailant against the wall of the next landing, the shield returning to his back to gain range of motion. “Bucky.. come on, don’t do this.. don’t be this!”
Peter was still in his pajamas and desperately trying to plaster himself to his papa.
That sounded like heaven. "Indeed...oh and Bruce. I never wish to eat Indian food again."
Tony was beginning to wonder if when this was all over if he’d even be able to go home. Could he look anyone in the eye after this, Peter, Bruce, Pepper, Clint, hell any of them. This little family he’d made for himself.
The room was silent for a few beats before Tony enlarged one of the screens pondering over a set of numbers, “Bruce,  you said  what Steve had the first time its not uncommon, and given what we know about the serum if Steviekins has a heat it might be a literal hot mess.”
She sighed, obviously fraught with worry.
“Who eats Captain America’s dick?” Clint retorted.
So their
Never let it be said that Tony let himself get caught up in emotion.
Steve stares at him blankly.  “Pyrite?”
Iron Man, don’t you?”
He looks slightly terrified, which is something Tony can’t say he’s seen a lot of. Sure, Steve has faced plenty of things that would make most people shit their pants in fear with gritted teeth and defiant remarks.  But this isn’t something like that.  His life isn’t at stake.
Around the two walls with windows, deep couches, done in bluish leather and machine tacks were set against or into the wall.  There was a model of one of the historical riverboats in the area wedged in, though no one knew why or what its significance was, and antique circulating fans mounted to cedar beams near the ceiling, courtesy of the “Antique Fan Club”.  The floors were done in cork, which was supposedly to muffle the sounds of the incoming trains.  The deep armrests to the couches had aluminum cigar ashtrays inset into the inlaid wood.
“It’s been worse.”
“Look, it’s not a big deal.  Not anymore,” Tony stuttered.  “I don’t really care about it.  Theseus is really the only name people know, and I’m maybe one-sixteenth?  It doesn’t matter.”
“Sorry about them.  They just . . . we don’t always have a lot to celebrate.  They like to go overboard when the opportunity strikes.”
“Ugh, you’re making it worse,” Steve finger-combed his hair back, making it messier.
They’d separated at the landing, Natasha into the woman’s room, Clint into the archery room, Sam into the sunshiny room.  They called out their goodnights, and Tony assumed he should return to his own room.  He’d disrobed, but sleep eluded him, too wound with questions.  The stairs creaked again, presumably Steve.  But instead of heading directly to what Tony had pegged as his room, the footsteps had paused outside Tony’s room for a moment, almost like Steve was hesitating.  Tony waited, but the moment passed, and Steve proceeded to his room.  Tony had waited several long moments before he lit a lamp and went to work on a letter to his mother.
But Steve didn’t look troubled.  He looked . . . patient, but excited.  “I don’t think you’re crazy, Tony.  In fact, I think you’re exactly in the right place.”
UPDATE: Yeah, this still isn't abandoned.  My muse has been on a 3 year vacation though.
“I don’t remember it being that easy.  This guy packs a whollop.”
“Have fun with your ‘private time’, boss!” Happy called after Tony’s swiftly retreating back, smoky coughs taunting him until the door was shut and dead bolted behind him.
“What?”
The tenseness of the line of Bucky’s shoulders lessened somewhat. He visibly relaxed.  “Well. As happy as I am for you, you need to get it under control.  People don’t just go around talking to their kids out loud.”
Well, maybe some heartbreak.  Where was Clint and his country now?
“HemaRosa Sagittaria.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He headed over to the counter anyway.
. His suit was cheap and ill-fitting, and maybe twenty years out of date, but still, Steve was . . . beautiful. Handsome of course, but somewhere in the strong yet strangely delicate curve of his brow and jaw, and the plush pink lips, and the cropped pale blond hair, there was a beauty to him. He looked torn between slumping and sitting up ramrod straight, like he was still slightly at unease in his body. But what a body it was. Thickly corded muscle and flushed Irish skin, broad hands and broader shoulders, but something about his poise implied that in a fight he would rely on his dexterity more than his brute strength, which Tony had already seen was not inconsiderable.
Steve finally connected the voices to the day.
She just hummed non-committaly. “You should probably go.”
“Doctor Banner!”
.  He draws him asleep, when, during movie night, Tony curls into his shoulder and drools a little.
“Nothing?”
“There’s a debriefing packet waiting for you at your apartment.  There anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now?” Fury called after him.
He breathed heavily, trying to steady himself and not allow
The caramelized air had become liquid.  “What else can we do?”
But it's not.  Because he knows all about Skrulls and he knows next to nothing about dragons, only what Zoloto has told him and he's witnessed.
“Why was he late yesterday?”
“I really,
“Embeds itself in the dermis.”
“If I run a bath and dump you in, will you fuss?” Tony gives him a light chuckle, but honestly, it’s not that funny. “Fine. I’ll go dig up some towels and dry clothes. Will you cooperate with that?”
He made a single revolution, then ran for the double doors.  The woman was shouting something.
How funny, when they comment on his red-white-and-blue heart.  If they cracked it open, all they would see is brown, threaded with red and dipped in gold and copper.
The token is warm in his palm. A reminder. He’s not alone.
It’s an act, and that hits him like the North Atlantic.
No one seemed to want to tell Tony
So, no matter how much he would have liked to, there was no jetting off to Paris and renting out the Louvre so Steve could do his art thing, no heading to Rome for after-dinner gelato, no purchasing a new yacht and taking a month-long cruise of the Mediterranean, no buying out an entire resort in Aspen so he could take Steve skiing.
“It’s my company!  Why the hell not?”
“Sorry – I gotta –“ Tony motioned outside.  The crowd parted, concerned looks on their faces.
“'A warm light for all mankind to share', Loki's jab at Fury about the cube.”
Steve frowned, a prominent ridge forming between his eyebrows.  “Of course.”
“She’s gonna kill me!  Steve, you’re my boyfriend, you can’t let her!” Tony was now trying to pull the back of Steve’s shirt over himself.
Sometimes Steve liked to sit still, sketch pad in his lap and charcoal clutched in his fingers, and gaze over the Manhattan skyline.  It helped, gazing over the buildings, trying to determine what was new, what was old, what had been remodeled, and what had been knocked down.  It was therapeutic in a way that none of his grief and adjustment councilors had helped (maybe because he had never attended more than one session with each new one that was recommended).  Maybe it was easier, seeing the changes to a skyline that had been so familiar from across the river, instead of in the faces of people he had never known.
A dark haired man with clever eyes took the stage and proceeded to fail to demonstrate a flying car.  The man was attractive, Steve could tell.  The twins had never said anything about Steve’s attraction to both sexes, but right now, both were radiating anger.
Peter was quieter, but both of them were tense.
“He stopped paying attention to you altogether?”
people.”
So, he supposes, now is the time for the existential crisis.
He ended up with the parfait, fruit cup, a container filled with macaroni salad, tapioca pudding, a bag of those crackers-trying-to-be-chips, and a rubbery slice of pizza that Natasha forced on him.  They both got bottled water, and he hovered behind her holding her tray as she poured hot water over tea bags in styrofoam cups.  She then led the way over to a table by the floor-to-ceiling window, where the others were sitting.
“Why’s he sending me pictures of a baby?  Is this brain washing?  What does it
“Should I be offended?  I’m worth more than that,” Tony muttered.
He had begged, and she asked him if he wanted an Irish name.  He had nodded vigorously, hard enough to feel the bones jar in his skull.
“Your father’s whoring ceased bothering me years ago.”  She cursed quietly, and turned back to unpick the most recent row of stitches.  “Honestly, the only time I even remotely found him kind or considerate was the night we made you.  I had made the pilgrimage to Kaisariani, to ask Aphrodite's blessing for a child.  I said I only needed one, then I would be content."  She gave him an indulgent smile.  "I returned home late at night to find him waiting for me.  He seemed to have trouble walking, and was running a fever, but spoke to me with such words of kindness.”
Steve cleared his throat, glaring at the pushes.  He’d finally seen the Avengers licensed ones.  “I don’t know.  He doesn’t need anything new.  I’ll make sure he gets his tablet and whatever else they’ll allow.  Maybe smuggle in some non-hospital food.  He’s going to be complaining when he wakes up.”
His body is maybe forty-five feet long, covered in red and gold plating. Fire burns brightly in his belly.  He feels
Tony was just securing the gauntlets when Steve and Happy’s voices rose in shock. Pepper was close to screeching, but fell silent abruptly, the crackle of ice directly on the other side of the door. Happy yelled in rage, before he was silenced too. Tony pulled the helmet on just as the door flew open with such force the knob was driven into the sheet-rock. Steve, jaw clenched and gun raised, muscles bulging through his rolled-up shirtsleeves, looking glorious with the glow of battle, screamed “
Tony adds, like an afterthought, easy as breath.
Erskine tapped lightly on the outside.  “Steven?  Can you hear me?”
And now they reached the point of the call.
Steve was shivering. “You alright?”
Taking advantage of the situation, Steve let himself trace the line of stitches across Tony’s chest and shoulder with his lips and tongue.  Tony gasped at the sensation, tears making his eyelashes stick together as he blinked blearily down, before immediately turning his head away, begging for more.  And of course Steve was helpless not to give it to him.
He wasn’t going to die. Today, at least. Which was good, as there was still so much he had to accomplish, as Tony Stark and Iron Man. It was at moments like this that it hit him how ridiculously young he was. And, as he glanced around the cold room, how alone.
“It's his M.O., isn't it?  I mean, what are we, a team?  No, no, no.  We're a chemical mixture that makes chaos.  We're - we're a time-bomb.”
It didn’t feel like they had won.  War never did.  He only felt loss.
The sunglasses were his first armor, really, if he thinks about it.
Sam looked up, small piece of bread caught between his teeth as Redwing snatched it from him.  “Yeah?  Made by Hephaestus himself, or so they say.”  He winked, then when back to picking over a platter of vegetables.
Tony picks at the frayed hem of his sweatpants.  “What are you suggesting?”
“You forced our hand.  We had to come up with something.”
He pushed through the crowd.  Tony was hyperventilating, flailing about, screaming as he tried to protect the arc reactor.  They keep trying to touch him, pin him down, and he screamed harder, his amber eyes rolling, looking for a way out.  They were trying to calm him, but since when had Tony ever been calmed by a stranger’s presence?
be using later.  “Laaamb.  Oh, my God, lamb.  I haven’t had lamb in ages.  Could you get mint jelly?”  Steve nodded.  “I fucking love you.  And what the hell are oxtails?”
Pepper once had another name, one connected with holiness and virginity or some shit, but once when she was very small, she caught one of the cooks storing away the long peppers to sell for a gain in the agora, and informed Jarvis of his activities.  The cook had been sacked and she forever became Pepper.  Though she often remarked that she wished she had been renamed after a plant that helped with headaches instead of coughs and digestive issues.
Steve had been distracted the past few weeks, spending long hours studying intel, going on recon missions with Sam and Nat and Bucky.  When he was home, he slept.
need to eat.  Come.  You can be back in fifteen minutes.”
honest.  Tony wondered if they got it from their mother.  He could see himself maybe falling for someone like that.
“Something the matter?” Fury asked, expression almost unreadable but there was a twist of knowing amusement in face.
A bit of the tension leaves Steve’s shoulders.  “Good.  I’ll put this to use.”  He taps a finger on the edge of the device.  He breathes deeply.  “But that’s not what I called you here for.”
The elevator dinged.
Zoloto begins thoughtfully.
they would spend years circling and pining and convincing themselves it was all wishful thinking, when it wasn’t. It was Steve actually staring at Tony in wonder and love, and not just admiration.
The bed was warm, soft.  The radio was on.
Steve’s voice is hard and blunt, laced with pain. Because he thinks Tony is lying and hiding things from him again.  Tony has seen Steve betrayed and murderous, but maybe this is the lie that shatters him.
“Ugh,” Tony grunted as he threw himself face down on the bed, suit still buttoned up.  “Kill me now.”
Steve would bend down and press is lips to Tony’s ear.
The woman stared uncomprehendingly, and Steve remembered the modern term.  “PTSD.  He has PTSD, and strangers aren’t good for him.”
“I am Pikas!” the river god roared.  “God of this river!  I wrestled with Herakles!  Lithe Artemis and her fifty maidens once bathed here!  Who are you, and what makes you think you may approach to drink from my waters?”
There are plenty of nights where he can’t sleep because of how his chest is clenched in a table-mounted vice grip.
“Miss Potts.  Got a sec?”  He beckoned with a finger.
“- very special guest, Senator.   Here to defend Tony Stark’s position on the Avengers, Captain America himself!”
The door was locked, of course, with key card or number pad access.  The 2, 7, 9, and asterisk were worn down, but Rhodey just waved the RF scrambler again instead of playing the guessing game.
), and worked his fingers around to fondle his balls.
“Alright.” Steve still sounded reluctant, but the drag of his footsteps started. “Wait. What do you want me to do with the key?”
Pepper sighed.  “Tony, you know I never like what you have planned when you ask that.”
He showered quickly, scrubbing the soot and sweat from his body, but there were burns where the heated metal had touched his skin. Remembering Steve’s advice, Tony dabbed lavender oil at the burns and bandaged them. Hopefully no one would notice.
NOTE: One of the problems with studying the corpus that is Greek (and Roman) mythology is that it is decentralized and highly variable by region.  In layman’s terms, that means there can be several conflicting myths going on at the same time, and can be CONFUSING AS FUCK.  In this chapter, Steve gets into the geography and history of the island, which I have spliced together bits that I like and have melded it with my Marvel-ified myths.  Also, when it comes to the ages of man, I follow Ovid, not Hesiod (so no Heroic Age; they’re in the tail end of the Bronze Age, near the dawn of the Iron Age) for REASONS.  Feel free to ask me to clarify, because I love to yell about this shit and ignore my real life responsibilities.
He had become a sensation.  And he had no idea what to do.
They did not speak so much as they scaled Mount Kratos.  It was perfectly hikeable, but they had to keep their eyes on the path.  Steve led the way.  Tony followed close behind, trying not to stare at the shifting muscles in Steve’s back.
Gunfire and muffled shouts distracted him from any further thought on that topic.
“What can I get you, Mister Stark? And you, sir?” she simpered.
“Steve. Thanks.”
.  I know it might be a while before you become king, but what do you expect to do, learn on the job?  You’re in for a difficult few years if that’s the case.  Steve will help you.  I know he’ll do well by you.”
say I had been telling you about them all along.”
Upon the fadeout of the last notes, they stilled, yet remained plastered together.  Steve’s eyes were closed, and he didn’t want to open them for fear of the bitter sting of tears.  He just held Tony close, savoring the feeling of having him, warm and receptive in his arms.
“I’ll drink to that.”  Clint tried to down the rest of the contents of his kylix, but ended up spilling it down the front of his front.  Natasha made a noise of disgust and moved to lounge on Fury’s vacated couch.
There is a place that will deliver a couple blocks away. A touch of the phone and a few words, and a few bottles of whatever he fancies would be couriered over in less than ten minutes. He could feasibly be on his way into oblivion in less than half an hour.
“Steve, we haven’t had sex in
But most people weren’t in a relationship with a man who as a side effect of genetic modification had an untamable libido.  Steve had been out West for two days, but the night before he left . . . he hadn’t
Tony made grabby hands, and pulled him in for yet another kiss.  Steve could get used to kissing Tony.  It wasn’t calculated or perfect, but instead sloppy and wet and
“Mmmm, Clint, if we weren’t here, what would you be doing to impress me today?”
“Remember your confidentiality agreements, Shapanka! And be sure to stop off at a psychiatrist on your way home!” Tony called after Shapanka’s retreating form. The man showed no sign of hearing him, rating about “cold feet” and “eternal life” and “the world will remember” as a pair of guards escorted him out.
“Believe me, the pleasure is all mine,” he found himself responding robotically.  He could hear Tony whispering in his ear
He rushed over to her. “How are you doing?”
“Well-“ Tony leaned in again.
“What is it that you need, Tony?  Why did
“Okay, it looks like our daughters will be best friends, and my son will be deeply irritated by that.  He will be literally driven up the wall.”
“No, no, it’s fine,” he mumbled.
country yet.
“I don’t like being handed things.”
Morning.  Tomorrow.  Things would be the same tomorrow.  Nothing had changed, not really.  Steve wouldn’t know of this, not anymore of than he knew of anything else Tony might have felt.
“Ah, yes, these mystery ladies who are so important that you won’t tell me anything about them?”
Steve didn’t move a muscle.
A collective groan from the twins.
“Shell,” Tony says vacantly.
“Yes, he is . . . my best friend.  You could say partner in crime.”  She smiled secretly.  “Our lives are in no position to have her right now, but every child who speaks to their parents is born.  It’s fate.”
But the rest of the team was different.  Barton was always the one headed off to evacuate the children, but now it was understandable why.  Nat had a soft spot that children exploited with a vengeance.  Thor talked about “sewing his future seed” and was in no rush, but of any of them, Thor seemed the most likely candidate to become a dad.  Bruce wanted them, Tony was fairly certain, but didn’t want to put them at risk.  He’d had Tony refuse a meeting petitioned by one Dr. Ross on his behalf.  Tony had looked her up.  He supposed he understood Bruce’s worry.
Steve was already in bed with the lights out by the time Tony stumbled back into the room.
Tony turned to see what was holding him back, and saw a car battery with a label in Arabic.  Wires were connected to the conductors, which lead to strips of gauze that were wrapped around his chest.
She arched an eyebrow innocently.  “My lord?”
the announcer thundered over the din of the crowd.
He seemed to come out of a trance.  The nymphs had moved around, re-positioned themselves, and were chatting quietly with Steve, giving him reports on how the nature part of the island was going, and Steve was reporting back on the more human issues.  They sounded like they’d been talking for a while, letting Tony stew in his reverie.
for SI. I’m sure you make plenty and your research is well funded. Why’d you need to steal to get more?” Tony asked him.
He returns to his chamber, pensive.
“Tony, I have elevated testosterone levels from the serum.  I’m pretty sure I have a higher sex drive than most men, at any age.”
You made yourself!  Did you go off in search of them to find
Tony couldn’t hide his smile. “I do. If you want the job, it’s yours.”
I’ll be there.  I can drive up . . . now, lemme get some clothes.”
“Whoa, what?” Tony said, trying to sound both surprised at the developments but also like he would still be down to fuck if this was indeed where this was heading.
“Am I helping you make poison or some other lethal morning activity?”
Pepper stared up at him from beneath her eyelashes, then turned to Tony in askance.
Say what you want about his father.  Inscribe his name on lead tablets and throw them into graves for all Tony cared.  Just so long as you never say a word against Queen Mardus.
“If you are in Zancle,” Tony found himself saying, “do not hesitate to request hospitality from my uncle Polyxenus.  He detests my father, but adores my mother and misses her terribly.  If you seek harbor in my name, I am sure he will treat you kindly.”
They paused for a minute, then busted out laughing.
Despite everything, there still stood an age difference of ten or seventy-six years, depending on your calculation.
steps on the frames where he dropped them in his rush to gather Tony in his arms hand carry him upstairs, well, Tony doesn’t comment on the snap.
“Guys, let’s not get caught up in this,” Sam ordered with finality.  “It’s Thor’s wedding; we’re here for him along with his family.  If he’s willing to forgive him, who are we to judge?”
“I don’t know-“
Steve answers her gaze evenly. “Would you like to try?”
He’s not in any form of immediate danger, as far as he can tell. If it wanted to eat him, it could have done so by now.  It may be saving him for later, but why is he
Steve’s body twitched, shuddered.  He shuddered again, full bodied, tremors rattling the brass bedstead gently.  Tony closed his eyes and went still just as Steve awoke with a gasp.
,” Sam snorted,
He loved Tony.
Bruce barked out an unexpected laugh.  “Well, the military-types take care of their people.”
Clint slammed himself down on the foot of their bed.  “Get your asses
It was difficult, because it was only very recently that Tony could honestly say Steve was his friend.  It was still very fragile, and they still argued at every turn.  To already feel the way he did when there was only the slightest formation of affection between them was agonizing, but he had felt things were progressing well.
They sat like that for a few more minutes, waiting for Rhodey, who emerged with two slushes (black cherry for Nat, melon berry for himself) and blueberry donut holes for Tony.
Crimson.  Not the flashy metallics he sprays on his suits.  Dark and warm.
“No, Yinsen-“
“Bucky?”
Could this be, his savior twin?”
Tony, on the other hand looked surprised –
“His zodiac sign?”
“The Howling Commandoes?” Steve offered.
The media reports had implied that it was Jarvis’ reckless driving that had killed Howard and Maria.  But Tony barely spoke of them, and had named one of his favorite creations after the butler.  It was telling.
Tony laughs slightly, a heartbreaking sound.
It would be so easy to move slightly to the left and steal something he so desperately wanted.
the bad one - "
“Oh.  Yeah.  Kid’s blond enough.  But what does it
“Do it!”
But knowing the same was true for Tony was a million times worse than only wishing or suspecting.
“This usually works.”
Stark’s face was still, too peaceful for sleeping.  Steve ran a hand over the chest plate.  The glowing circle had burned out.
and ended up fooling around on the couch before Steve picked Tony up and carrying him to bed.
Steve laughed, an honest-to-gods throw-back-your-head-and-guffaw.  “Don’t I remember.  Either we were starving or had to let food rot.  Korkyra’s agriculture is much more immediate to see than just waiting for the farmers to come to the agora.”
“Phil!  Come in.”
“I thought it was futurist?” Steve offers with a tiny smile.
“I can double it if you’re dissatisfied.”
Tony toyed with the idea of calling the man into the room. Something deep in his gut, lodged somewhere near his liver, told him the man would not judge him or consider him any less for the chest plate. From the way the man’s eyebrows had creased in worry, Tony knew in his bones that the man wouldn’t care, and could probably be trusted to keep his secret.
Natasha’s was next.  She demanded that the model on hers be given a less-revealing cat suit, but looked very touched by the colors.
“Oh, right. Suit up.”
Steve seemed . . . normal.  For a king.  Nothing about him seemed to be concerned with putting on airs or making an impression.  He seemed unconcerned as to how anyone might perceive him.  Which Tony had to suppose was a good thing.  Tony could now tell that Steve had a decent sense of humor, but it would take some time to see exactly the extent Tony could go.  He seemed flexible, but Tony didn’t want to be tripping over himself for the next year if he had read the man wrong.
“Morning?”  Steve looks at him, wary, and he wants to lose it.
“Stuttgart, Germany.  28 Konigstrasse.  He’s not exactly hiding.”
Steve sniffed, once lightly, a second time more harsh, then “Oh.”
So it went.  They moved around on missions, tracing Hydra’s whereabouts.  Sometimes the twins helped, giving him information he didn’t have or reminding him of certain things he had forgotten or overlooked.  War was terrible, but it was also fun.  He’d never had this much fun.
“No, it’s just – “
“She might pop if you do that,” Nat took a pull from the bottle of imported Russian vodka she favored, claiming the rest of them were weak.  “Not a bad Valentine’s Day, if I should say.”
pretty, but it was obvious she wasn’t interested.
They passed the Darcy chick and the groomsman who looked like Robin Hood getting it on in hall.  She was using her headset to choke him.
“Fine!” Steve throws his hands up in defeat.  “I want you to stay, happy?  I always want you to stay.  And after what you said – “ Steve looks away “ – but I’ll never force you to stay.”
“No I don’t, Steve.  Why don’t you tell me?” Tony snapped, turning towards Steve.
Today, Zoloto and Dragotsennyy are on a windblown plateau. Centuries of harsh winds have blasted the stone smooth and have prevented too much icy buildup.  Zoloto lounges along the rocky wall, as Dragotsennyy slowly paces the ledge that overlooks miles and miles of snowy mountains and valleys.
“Somethin’ eatin’ you Cap?” came a sly voice, starling Steve from his musings.  “Making Captain America sad must be against the constitution.”
like it?  It’s not exactly accessible.”  The jargon alone turned people off, even though the majority of the transmissions came from the mission logs.  Of the movie science Tony had seen over the years, Apollo 13 was one of the best attempts.  But not many people could understand gimbals and re-entry angles.
he was letting them down.  All he wanted to do was fix it.
Steve snorted.  In the year since he had awaken, he had found how much of a propaganda symbol he had become.  People spewing hate, holding signs demeaning others, telling the reporters “Cap wouldn’t approve.”  What would they say that the name they loved to drop was in love with a male teenager?
Until they’re shouting in each other’s faces, and Steve sees, actually
They were quiet for awhile, Steve gazing unseeingly at the loudly humming refrigerated colas.  The clock ticked, and people rushed efficiently past them.
"Thank you for that.  I appreciate it."
“<You’ve done as I asked. I must thank you.>”
Tony allowed himself a moment to stare: Steve, golden pale skin glistening, back arched and head thrown back, lips a perfect “O” as he caught on the vowel of Tony’s name, hot white cum painting their abdomens.
“Guess the secret ingredient,” Tony bounced up and down.
2012.  Sixty-seven years.
He wished he could believe them.
“You want a drink?” Tony asked, throat dry.
“Mmm-hmm,” Jane hummed vacantly, peppering Brandt’s face with kisses.  “But we make an extra effort for Steve.  He’s just . . . sort of like the core?  Of the group?  And he’s the only one who doesn’t like to make a fuss, so he gets the most fuss.  Plus, he was born on a major holiday, and well, you know how they
Since when had he been in a bed this soft?  They didn’t
One day, about a year before the end of the war, he was working on your shield.  I helped him with the rivets and helped hold it as he shaped it.  And you just said . . . .”  He reached out and gripped Steve’s arm.  “I’m not crazy.  I promise I’m not.”
“That sounds awesome right about now,” came Clint’s muffled shout.
A pause, then:
Tony had met Karnis, or Carol as she preferred, several times at large feasts and such, but despite Howard’s proclamations that Steve was one of his greatest friends, he had not returned to Athens in the ten years since he had been given his kingship.  Every other king throughout Akhaia had been their guest, but still the only memory Tony had of the man everyone lauded as the greatest hero of the age was glimpses of the smooth-faced man amidst the parties and celebrations, all golden and looking like a god.
The scales are cool, and clack softly as Tony sifts through them. They’re carbon-based, but hard like steel.  So the family name is fitting.  Tony selects a single scale, one that would have been located on the spinal ridge.  It is large, about the size of a half-dollar and shield-shaped.  Escutcheon, not like the circular ones Steve uses.  He closes his fingers around it, and lets his eyes slide closed.  He may be imagining it, but a phantom warmth emanates from its depths and covers his palm.
He took his electrified magnetic screwdriver and stuck it in Bruce’s arm pit.
He threw himself on the bed with no further fuss, still wearing his sweatsocks.  He allowed himself the luxury of a groan as he palmed himself, fingers of his left hand tracing the planes of his chest lightly as the other hand played at the sensitive skin of his cock.  A sharp hiss issued from his lips as he ran his middle finger teasingly over the head, tracing the slit.
“I could have been there for you.”
they’re saying this shit about.  Like he would
Maria sing-songed.
“New York. But I haven’t lived there in years.”
with Tony.  Something he had never done with
or two taller than Tony, but he was so much broader.  His skin shone and his hair gleamed.  His beard was a few shades darker than the hair on his head, but it was neatly trimmed and single hairs seemed to glow like gold in it.  He smelled divine, sweat dampened his skin and hair, but instead of making him look gross, he seemed to be a mythic hero brought of a song into flesh.  The smell of clean sweat and fresh thyme was heavy in Tony’s nose, and he fought the urge to bury his head in Steve’s armpit.  His face was cracking into a wide, teasing smile, teeth clean and white and straight.
No one answered, as they were busy trying to subdue the ground forces.  Agent Romanoff had liberated one of the alien’s blasters, and was shooting it like she’d trained with it (or probably trained to use any weapon she got her hands on).  Barton was shooting and jumping and obviously his taking pent-up aggression out on the . . . things.
“Phil?”
“Well, I really wouldn’t know, now, would I?”
If it's all the same to you, I'll have that drink now.”
“We’re next for what?”
Steve and the crew were regarding the guy in green warily.
“We – we need to stop this.”
He glanced at the radio, and the play they were running.  The memory clicked.
“Tony,” Steve called lowly, bending down to gently jostle his uninjured shoulder.  “You should be sleeping in your bed.”
“Don’t worry, things can always go better where the media is concerned,” Pepper supplied, taking his jacket, smoothing out a crease, and laying it over the top of one of the low couches.  “You’re creating discussion, which is the important part.  You believe in Tony, which will convince others to think on it.  He’s already beloved by the under-30’s, and seeing the pinnacle of the American Dream against the head of America Bureaucracy will convince others.  You did well considering, Steve.”  She patted his arm.  “Now, Tony’s in bed.  Gave him his painkillers as soon as we got him up here.  I’ve put off some things for long enough, and I would appreciate if you could-“
small, and it worries Steve slightly, that all this love will crush the boy.  So much hope and expectation heaped upon him.
a voice whispers in his head.
But that didn’t mean he couldn’t leave him for someone better.
He inherits the company, drinks, has sex, revolutionizes the industry, drinks some more.  Pepper begins to run his life, buys funny statues carved from soapstone and hematite and decorates his house with them.  He pretends he doesn’t know what the minerals are, but he does.  A block of rutilated quartz becomes his favorite doorstop.
“No villain polishes!” Tony squawked, throwing a cotton ball from the manicure tray, which Bruce had pulled out from under the coffee table to put the bottles in when they were done.
was her reason.
“It helps the stock and adds unique flavor.  And must I remind everyone that I’m only a second-generation Irish immigrant?  They’d let me get citizenship if I applied for it.”
Pepper was staring at the feeds from the basement.
They were at each other’s throats.
He shook the hand off.
“Maria, sweetheart, you called him ‘Uncle Bucky’.  Is he around a lot?”
“You don’t need t-to – “ The rest was lost as Tony unashamedly liked a hot stripe up the side, and despite the heat of the water and the steam and heat, that first touch of Tony’s tongue was like a brand to his dick.
Aside from that, Steve avoids him.
“Are you seriously apologizing?” Tony asked him.  Steve just smile and lowered his eyelashes.  “I love it.  Love you, too.  ‘Corse I’ll marry you.”
,” came a shout from somewhere downstairs.
“Shaddup,” Steve whined, hurling an olive and hitting Clint squarely between the eyes.
– right there, right – Steve,
But that doesn’t bother him as much as
There was a table set up with scrolls of papyrus, ink, pens, wax tablets, engraving tools, and sealing wax, along with a jar of pottery shards by one of the table’s legs.  Tony thumbed the paper.  It was very fine, Egyptian more than likely.  One of the wax tablets had been used.  Tony recognized the hand from stolen glimpses of Peggy’s correspondence.
Steve turned on heel, marching away, the muscles in his buttocks visibly shifting as he moved.
After she had scurried away, he stepped over one of the
After oiling his body he decided on a simple white peplos covered by the scarlet himation his mother had given him before he left.  Once he was dressed he turned to watch for the island that would be his home for the next year.
“Eh, Kronos and the harvest.  It’s basically a day off before the harvest starts.  We commemorate the Golden Age, and all social divisions are dissolved for a day.  It can be hard to explain.  You’ll see tomorrow.”
“Oh really?”
And he didn’t want to do this with someone who lied and used people like Tony Stark.
“Well, I’m the one being exploited.  They expect me to be ‘Captain America’ twenty four seven.  There’s this . . . pressure, to always live up to everyone’s expectations.  Not just of myself, but of the country as a whole.  And there are so many opinions on what a country should be.”
“I’m in here!”
What didn’t make sense was why Natasha was currently sitting across from him flipping through an identical folder. The red haired Alpha had been selected as his number two on this mission. It was a recon, basic two-person job, still, Natasha should be home with Pepper; not out in some smelly van for a week eating Doritos and skulking around some suspected terrorist safe house.
That wasn't what Barnes had in mind, something more along the lines of breakfast in bed and a naked picnic by the fire for lunch. Dessert all over the house and he wasn't talking about ice cream or cake.
Jarvis intervened “The Captain is experiencing mild cramps and signs of anxiety. I would recommend …”
Sam intervened sensing the bitterness in the old mans words. They hadn't come here to torture him with painful memories. “Mr. Stark, we are truly sorry for your loss. However, your advertisement…”
Thank goodness for those two, “Thank you Irene, actually I received the text alert to your new flavors?” Loki commented while James squared the little ones away in the booth.
Clint looked around and took the bait, maybe this was one of those sexy scavenger hunt things.
Honestly, not 100% happy with this but felt like I had to put something out. -_ '_' _ -
“Never thought I'd be happy to see him.” Clint commented, notching another arrow. He was pinned down with Phil; the rest of Coulson team is working overtime.
“Sir is…” he sighed and looked toward the staircase that descended beneath the mansion and into the master of the house’s workshop. “His heart has died…that’s all I can call it.”
James charged around the momentarily downed villain and hauled Tony to his feet. It wasn't easy dragging the mass of twisted metal but some how he managed to get them both behind cover.
“All the good my hands are for...I can make a million ways to kill a man but I can't save one child...” He whispered brokenly over a glass of whiskey one night. He had spent hours in his workshop after visiting with his ill child. In front of him a mound of designs that all seemed useless in the end.
Tony looked almost affronted, “are you kidding me? Seriously, you have met me right? I need to set all this to a mild stun just make it through the day. If I was really trying to impress I’m cranking it up to 11.”
There was a moment of silence before the Widow returned “ Nope, just left the weapons vault though. Hydra’s got a lot of new toys you might like.”
What worked for the alpha wasn't a fix for Loki, and that's where he lost focus. James had assumed the things that were helping him were helping Loki.
Tony didn’t mean to but he was pulling a bit of natural rank on this one. He hadn’t done this many times, only once when Pepper had been so angry she was flinging glass wear after a meeting. That had been a while ago, but he still knew how. Its just a matter of letting his instincts take the lead, pushing pheromones and skin to skin contact.  He hated using it on Steve because it was an unspoken promise since he found out, that he’d never try and cow Steve like that. Never use biology against him, but this wasn’t an attack or even about power. This was Tony seeing this man before him practically dying inside.
“Sugar no milk, thanks. Oh and you can call me Natasha ya know.”
The initial excuse had been because Steve had to go out for a mission and Tony could not sleep alone. Then there was more to it though, the fact Steve knew there were things Bucky was going to have to do when he was away. Things he worried Tony wouldn't be ok with because despite how much help Bucky was everyday - Steve was the one who bathed and dressed Tony.
“James....” His voice quivers as it raises in question. Eyes darting around the various machinery of the factory floor.
For now, it seemed all was well. it only took moments for Tony to flair up with worry and was all over Clint, wanting to know why he wasn’t at the tower taking care of Peter. Natasha assured him that Peter was safe with Bruce and that she had personally kissed the boy goodbye and left him blissfully coloring in the den on Banner‘s floor. No one would dare touch a hair of that child’s head with his uncle Hulk just under the surface of the quiet doctor.
Steve gave his old friend a soft chuckle and stroked his daughter’s hair. “She takes after Tony in that whole 'words verses air' thing. Still learning that her lungs don't always like that.”
Stark covered his face and chuckled into his palms. “Oh god, you Irish Catholics…allergic to birth control.” He pulled his hands away and looked into a pair of serious and longing blue eyes. “You know how hard it was with the twins. Are you sure you want to do that again?”
Thor looked away; he did not want to hurt Loki further. Perhaps it was better that he knows the truth, no matter how painful. “She tried to pass the child off as mine. She claimed the Norns ‘created the child as a gift’. When I looked at him I knew she was lying, he reminds me much of you from our childhood.”
“Indeed, that is how it works. Provided you have something worthy enough to trade. You see magic is a fickle thing, depending on what you want I may have spent more of my craft or less. The price must equal reward and cost and value are very different.”
“Thor...” Jane hesitated clasping his hand and directing her alpha over to the sofa. “Thor you can't just expect Loki to run home with every problem. Think about how he's been treated there. Well... everywhere actually... The point is; you know how independent your brother is.”
He's better than me...I know that. Bright like the sun and strong as an ox...he's better.
Empty sheets greeted his wandering fingers and that was certainly not right at all. Loki shouldn't be up at least for another hour. Tuesday Thursdays were his 9:00 to 2:00 pm scheduled day with office hour included. James had committed this to memory for his own peace of mind, it made him feel better being able to recognize where his mate should be during the day. That in mind, it was most likely around 6:00am – judging by the dusky light filtering through the curtains.
Wasn’t this the cutest and adorably pathetic sight she could have ever seen. Tony stark laying on his sofa with one arm over his eyes and poor dummy tugging on his pant leg. The litter of bottles and pizza boxes around the sofa was a Stark equivalent to rom coms and ice cream.
“Hey… what’s this…?” Before Steve could say Tony had already plucked the little image and was turning it this way and that looking at it. “Oh god… oh god it’s a tumor isn’t it… you have some freaky kind of cancer. They lied to me those coward us bastards they were just going to let you do it weren’t they!”
That's what she would say. Sarah thought her boy respect and to value the truth. She told him to always stand up, no matter how much the world knocks you down. No matter how much it hurts. No matter how difficult the road.
“Truly? You seem the most enlighten man I have met.” Loki said brewing himself a cup of tea. “I often forget you are younger than myself.”
After.
Rogers closed his eyes trying to think his way around this. The twisting feeling returned and seemed to radiate from his stomach to his back.
“Stark, this isn't time for jokes.”
Of course this wasn't the Loki he remembered, apparently the original God of lies had been reborn..literally. Into this grinning little tease currently invading his office once again.
There something, some kind of pull like magnetic north that attached to his spine and tugged. Some...unseen hand resting over his and the smell of electricity in the air. They had come this far. Too far to turn back. There was something out there...no down..down under all that churning water and Steve couldn't say no.
“Let’s call it practice then. Gotta get little Tony back in the baby making mood ya know.”
They ate and talked and after a while, they headed back in and Tony called for Jarvis to queue up a movie only for Steve to stop him.
Natasha even offered to help bring-in the shopping. Another helpful gesture that made the entire thing feel more domestic than James would have ever imagined possible. However, when she stood to follow him and gently patted Loki's hand, with out the former sniping at her.  That diminutive action had been enough to raise James' brow in question.
When Bucky learned of Steve and Tony for instance.
The former director wasn’t going to have Hydra digging their claws in even deeper now that Shield had gone underground. He wasn’t going to have their sickness winning over the hearts and minds of the people. All the years he and others had spent out in the field, all the agents who died - it would all be for nothing if they lost now.
Stay calm…when an assassin tells you to stay calm you should be anything but calm.
He feigned hurt, “You wound me, if anything my mere presence should sway healing factor. Nothing like a triple shot of me, I’m better than b-12.”
Letting his head tip back against cold metal he fought against the lump in this throat. “baby..I'm there you know I am. I'm with you even when I'm not. I am gonna do everything I can to make this right and get back to you. But don't think for a moment that I'm not with you.”
What was Wade going to say? What if he didn't want this? Were they even ready? He would have to leave the field and Shield training - probably go home because Wade's apartment wasn't exactly the cleanest or in the best part of town.
The team convened at SHIELD headquarters to discuss their options and try and formulate a plan against this new and potentially deadly threat. The nostalgia of moment might have been night under any other circumstance. It seemed that with all the changes in the last few years, the avengers that the world knew were beginning to bow out to the next generation. Not that they were off their game mind you, but they had expanded their ranks and were training new recruits every year. Sitting around the big round table with familiar faces and the buzz of activity – felt like the year they first came together. Thankfully this time with out the animosity, and a live Coulson.
“Thanks J, is Steve in the nesting room yet?” He asked walking through the penthouse tugging off his t-shirt, he‘d take a shower first but Steve had an odd preoccupation with his working man stank during a heat. The thought made him smirk a little, for the next five days he‘d be more or less MIA with a randy super soldier. If he died of loss of bodily fluids it wasn‘t an awful way to go.
Would Tony kick him out of the tower when they got back?  Had all that sweetness earlier just been a mask for the anger, maybe after having time to think it over - what Bucky had done to Howard and Maria, the fact that Steve knew.
“Did I miss anything?” Bruce asked after listing off every ailment Steve had ever been exposed to or suffered from.
Tony had seen enough and advanced on the larger man, “Look you can be pissed I get that, but I’m not standing here and letting you bust holes in my tower and hurt yourself. Now sit your ass down Cap.”
".....Fuck....fuck fuck fuck..." Bruce ran to the elevator trying his very best to keep calm. "Take me up Jarvis. "
The bell rang again, this time holding on a bit longer as his surprise visitor depressed the button with more force.
The mage felt his vision blur and he tried in vein to squeeze his eyes shut against the wheeling emotion.
Barnes felt his phone vibrate insistently in his pocket as he walked across the compound. Normally he'd ignore it, because if it were something important Fury would have overridden the silence feature or sent an Agent to track him down. That was before things at home had taken such a down turn. Part of him flinched every time his phone rang when he was away, he had this six sense that there was something coming. Some dark cloud looming just out of sight. James just prayed it was a storm they would be able to weather.
“Are…you seriously on the toilet eating?”
Amora began to laugh, she looked up from the sleeping baby’s face, and her fingertips glowing with magic wear she held the boy. His skin turning to scales beneath the soft yellow blanket. “You are stupid aren’t you? I never said your life.”
Bruce... well he was just being a good uncle, Peter didn't need to hear it like this.
They left in the quinjet.
“Seems that way Agent, who are we not to give the lady a good show. I for one have never disappointed a woman with my performance.” Tony quipped, engaging the Suits stealth gear and streaking out over the compound. “Alright gents...lets rock and roll shall we?”
She interrupted with fierce eyes, “Nyet, Barton brought me in. All you did was sign the paperwork.”
The omega tipped his head to one side and poured himself another cup of tea, “It was bearable, dare I say mildly enjoyable.” His voice as even as if commenting on the weather. For all purposes, it should have soothed that itch in the back of the alphas mind. Yet it didn't.
Stark: If you were forced to fuck a famous dolphin ... Are you burdened with  glorious porpass?
“Sorry Tin man can’t let you have all the glory” Clint commented drawing back his bowstring and losing an explosive arrow at the turrent. “Hey Nat, you think the playhouse needs a sandbox?”
Yet they have never spoken a word about those days.
Once they were both ready to face the day, Steve carried Peter, with Tony walking just behind where the little one could see him, out into the kitchen to find breakfast ready set for three at the table. God bless Bruce Banner.
Loki, he was long and lean with pale flesh made to look even more so by his black as night hair and brilliant emerald green scales that rivaled the sparkling pail green and red of her own. More to the point, he was not well liked. Loki had a reputation for his mischief, something in a way she could commiserate with. Yet, she found him loathsome as well with his sharp wit and angular features. The idea of bearing heirs with him turned her blood to barnacles. Still… perhaps she needed to look at the bigger picture. Loki was her way into court, treating Thor’s beloved youngest sibling kindly would endear her to him. Then when the moment was right…she would seduce Thor, using his guilt for betraying his brother to her advantage.
Steve often found himself reflecting on his live these days, spending to much time looking in history books at the things he’d missed. He cried when he read about Vietnam, saw the vibrant color photos of young men carried out of the jungle on stretcher to waiting helicopters. Watching documentaries about how the whole country treated their returning soldiers’ like criminals. Called them names and left them to rot, these where teenagers just following orders. Maybe it was a war that shouldn’t have been fought, but even so…it broke Steve’s heart.
Loki took the little dogeared photo of smiling child with big bright eyes and sprigs of wild sandy blonde hair. The little boy had a few thick scars on his cheek and neck but it did not distract form his wide gap-toothed smile. “He's adorable.”
“I’m not thrilled” He says. Wow.. Tell me how you really feel  Stark. He holds up his hands when he sees how cross I’m looking at him right about now. “It is what it is, Howard was a shitty father so it’s not like I was ever looking to repeat that performance.  I was pretty freak out when it was announced to the entire common floor to, Tasha slapped me just so you know.”
Steve placed a hand on his aggravated mates shoulder, "Peter we just want you to be happy and with someone who is going to love and respect you. Deadpool... he's just so unpredictable. We just think you deserve better that's all."
Steve raised his head looking adorably disoriented and flushed from arousal. If Tony was honest with himself, he derived way to much pleasure in seeing the usually calm and collected Captain so unraveled. “Yeah… yeah ok.”  The omega wet his lips and stretched out an uncoordinated hand, fumbling for the little vial on the bedside table.
Male beta - boy parts, not that impressive tho.. again shy follower personalityMale Alpha --- yall know..come on now  Above average disco stick.
“It’s not his fault; we never meant for …this to happen.”
Loki held the sick little pup in his arms, Tony had managed to agitate a school of stinging jelly by trying to chorale the little creatures together and make them glow as bright as the ones that floated through the palace halls. He was unaware that of course that not all jellies shared such docile disposition. The little boy had annoyed the translucent creatures and found himself mobbed in retaliation for his rough play.
Stark shakes his head as they promptly proceed up to the common room. “Please call me Tony, And I guess things are going as well as they can be.”
That was another thing that deserved mention, how good Steve looked in that suit. It took every ounce of will power Stark had not to drag the solider by his tie up to bed. Thankfully, propriety won out and Tony was the perfect gentlemen, ending the night by walking Steve off the elevator and to his own floor. They had a kiss good night that perhaps lingered a bit but did end.
“Yeah, I um...I have to take my temperature and compare it to the chart that Bruce worked up for us.” Steve's voice quivered slightly as he spoke.
Inside the box sat a note with scrawling handwriting with a familiar phrase. ‘I bet you didn’t see this coming.’  Clint lifted the note away to see the object beneath. A pair of booties, tiny yellow knit socks, so small the pair of them fit in the palm of his hand.
The thought of Peter being shuffled between Pepper and Happy, Bruce and Natasha,  then back to a father who wasn’t emotionally present enough to care for him more than a few days at a time. At the same time, it made him angry; Tony knew what it was like to grow up like that.
“What the hell does that mean for us?” Barnes said, looking around the corner to see Mallen standing up – his body regenerating.
Steve never saw himself as a ‘good omega’  not before the serum and not after. Before he’d been too sickly, and then… then he felt like a freak. Yet, Phil had a point. How often had he lorded over the others when they were hurt or fretted over people eating enough. Even in the field, he gravitated toward comforting civilians and trying to protect those he saw as vulnerable. “ I understand, I could manage with just the team but, it’s the world know that worries me.”
The name and face of a one Greg R Beck came up on the HUD.
“Damn it! I knew I forgot something.”  Tony cried sarcastically. “It was that or the hot tub.”
The omega didn't look up, he seemed so much smaller now in the cold hue of fluorescent. He looked...faded. For once Loki wasn't bothering to hold anything back and the wave of emotion hit the alpha like a tidal wave.
“Alpha…” The blond cooed nearly crushing him in those big arms.
Perhaps that was being dramatic, but for Loki it felt as true as the blue world around him. He had loved Amora, he would have given her anything, and he had given her everything. Every little piece of him until there was nothing left.
“It helps it let me in Sammy!”
Color him intrigued, this had nothing to do with him, which in this case was a good thing. “Why ya callin me? Isn’t this the sort of thing you take to Fury?”
