Men get out of the cars and shouted at Steve in a language he didn't understand. They had guns; he knew that much but they looked
"...can I see him?" asked the soldier suddenly, looking up.  He felt drawn to the omega in the cargo hold, the one he'd helped search and disarm and tie up and carry to the plane.
"Hello, Captain.  I assume you've had time to think about the arrangement we spoke about earlier.  If you could call me back at your earliest convenience, I'd appreciate it. Otherwise, I will assume you're disinterested and will come along later today to collect Donner."
He screwed his eyes shut and leaned against the wall, swallowing down the lump in his throat.
"It's funny 'cause you're a fossil," said Tony affectionately, reaching backwards for Steve's hand while trying to take notes, one-handed, about another case of skeleton keys.
The color had drained out of Tony's face upon being handed a baby.  The baby was awake; it made a gurgling noise and a string of drool slid out of its mouth.  Tony tried to catch Pepper's eyes--
"Just tell me what you want... anything you want, Stevie."
More ridiculous, nonsensical instincts.  Steve was bigger, stronger, faster... Tony's desire to enfold him was bizarre... Steve didn't need that...
(Tony had had a long-standing feud with Pitbull for reasons he couldn't remember.)
weird, because actually, I
"Which base are you taking me to?!" Steve demanded, getting increasingly upset. "If you don't tell me where I'll get out of the car."
"He- he doesn't want me. Not anymore. Now he knows. Now he knows someone else-"
He was never bored anymore, at least, Steve thought. The very day after Jameson's interview, Steve actually ended up in court. Yet again. It was getting pretty exhausting; he never said anything new. Donner sometimes even came along to court with him; having wanted to do law once, he was fascinated by the process. Steve told him he could try and go back to college if he wanted but Donner kept insisting he had to go focus on the baby now. It was a choice Steve had to respect.
"Bulb, spring, Easter, regret, petal."
.  And that smell means a hell of a lot more than just your appearance.  It's the sexiest thing I ever smelled.  I mean,
an omega."
"...but I might need it," said Tony.
"...who was that?  Tony?"
This was one of those critical times.
Tony had tuned out somewhat after letting Steve make his own order and gotten distracted.  The lounge rotated and Tony was pretty sure he could calculate their velocity. He was involved with the math when he heard Malick's bit about collars and Steve's bit about going naked.
Over his Alpha's shoulder Steve spotted Piper and slipped away to go talk to her. DeSoto's Alpha watched with a frown, as if Steve walking off without permission was unthinkable.
He nosed behind Steve's ear.
"After all this don't actually forget to collar up Steve. Unless you don't want to, of course--"
It was already dusk; Steve was easy to find because of the squeals of women.
. I'm fine, Tony." Steve rolled his eyes fondly. "But I don't know if my body would let me mate. It's so resistant to change. There's only one real way to find out what it will or won't do though, I guess," he shrugged.
"...you okay?" asked Tony.  It felt like a dumb question to ask Captain America, but at the end, he'd really been
Tony frowned.  He still felt conflicted.
He was having trouble coming up with a plan.  Rarely did the asset have to do this much independent thinking; his missions were usually fairly straightforward and all he had to do was carry them out.  The smell of Steve's arousal was driving him fucking crazy.  He tried to think of this as a mission, as an objective. How would he escape if he were by himself?  Create an emergency, perhaps. He was sure they'd come rushing in and open the door if he, say, punched Steve in the face.  But he couldn't do that. They were bonded and they should never hurt each other, as Steve had explained.
Tony's head snapped up.  "
"I know, I know, listen, uh... about brunch... I'm kinda... I'm with someone... can we catch up later?" asked Tony.  Yeah.  She was mad.  He was definitely not going to brunch with her if she was mad.  Which, he thought happily, meant he could spend more time with Steve, cuddling up on the couch, watching the news...
There was a pause on Pepper's line.  "Yes," she said.  "...and I owe you an apology, Captain Rogers.  You barely changed your name, and you didn't change your appearance.  But because you're an omega, I never even considered... I'm sorry.  We all like to think we're better than that, but I suppose even the best of us hold some subconscious prejudice."  She sighed.  "I take it you were there to tail Tony?  Get the suit designs?  Which department sent you?"
Karpov pushed the tarp back from the back of the truck and offered the girl a bag and two cups of coffee; she passed one to the omega.
"...so good..." mumbled Tony.  He started to reach for Steve but his hand dropped and he went back under.  Tony's sleep schedule was non-existent; he worked his body to the limit, then crashed hard, sleeping for long blocks of time.  He'd always been fairly bipolar about rest, and since Afghanistan, that dichotomy had increased significantly, because crashing helped keep him from having dreams.
Laura,
"This is insane, you guys..." Rhodey said, sounding more uncomfortable by the minute.
Pepper turned to Louis.  "Well," she said, tone a bit dry, "welcome to heats in the Stark-Rogers household."
Steve felt around. There was the odd pipe and wire around him. Everything above and below was cold and felt like metal. He was in some kind of... in-between area.  Limbo, maybe?
The two walked in gingerly, looking around the huge main room.  It was at least two stories tall and had an open plan; the "living room" area, with its sleek white leather furniture, melted into another room with a bar and a piano.  The decorations on the walls were abstract; there were a few large stones placed around, perhaps for artistic reasons. The glass coffee table had a couple of glasses and magazines on it; there was a white orchid on a small table beside the couch.  To their right, a spiral staircase ensconced an indoor waterfall and led up to the second-story mezzanine.
"Then I'll wear blue for you," Steve whispered reverently, moving to push himself up onto his elbows so his back arced up. He belatedly realized neither of them had eaten dinner. "Should order some food after--" He gasped softly when Tony's dick nudged that sweet spot inside of him. He half-smiled.
He moved to lie down, staring up at the ceiling. His neck didn't even hurt despite it brushing against the bed sheets. Steve smiled. Progress.
Tony leaned forward and gently kissed the corner of Steve's mouth.  "It's okay to be selfish, too," he mumbled against Steve's mouth. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but... it doesn't have to be all about me."  He pulled away, grinning suddenly. "...see? You've ruined me. I never would have said anything that ridiculous a year ago.
"The '62 was a hell of a car," said Tony, apparently missing the rest of the story.
And he looked
Tony stared, remembering how he'd played with the model in the car.  He didn't remember the incident on screen but took a vicious joy in knowing he'd gotten to play with the model as an adult.  He considered moving some pieces around, just to spite his father.
"I had an ex once. He didn't treat me right. Never hit me or anything like that but he wasn't the greatest," Laura said softly. "You can love someone and have them hurt you, or not be good for you. But there has to be a point when you put yourself first, Steve. A relationship is about balancing multiple people and it's not worth lifting another person up if it drags you down at the same time."
Iron Man."
Wonderful.
, that was different, huh?
"Yeah," Steve said. "I mean, it was the forties."
Maybe it was strange that Steve had just referred to Bucky, his old mate, as 'work.'
"Out," commanded the older man.
"Oh, puh-lease... Captain Rogers is the oldest one here!"
"This is bad.  You both realize this is bad?  Having some sort of connection with HYDRA's most dangerous assassin?  Steve, he showed up in your simulation and now it's gotten worse."
"We need to get out of here. I don't know where we are but I don't like it much," Steve said, glancing around a little self-consciously. He heard a patter of feet around them and spun around. He couldn't see anything in the dark. "Did you... did you hear that?"
"He's already been bitten by a ton of people.  They're whoring him out," said Tony. "You don't have to break the gland or anything, just pretend.  Oh! And just so you know, he looks like Steve."
"O...kay..." Sam said as slowly as if his own mother had asked him.
"I was waving for Steve, not you," said Tony.
He had not even considered it.  That this was the season when Tony's parents had died, and when, much later in life, he'd spent a season in a cold, bleak mountain range in Afghanistan, having gotten into a car himself and proceeded to watch all of its occupants slaughtered in order to kidnap him.
"Steve?"
"Don't
Steve muttered apologies to himself while Pepper argued with the AI.  To an outsider he would have looked insane.
"Captain. Mr Stark," JARVIS said again. Was it possible for an AI to sound impatient? Steve was beginning to think it was.
"Right." Steve guessed he really didn't know anything about drugs. He had never had reason to; now that he'd had the serum, most drugs had little or no effect on him and wore on too rapidly to be of any real use. "I thought a lot of stuff was endangered now, because...to quote Clint,
"Wait, hold on.  Instead of giving us six bodyguards, why don't I just take the Mark IV?" suggested Tony.
"Tag along?  Did you just call me a tag along?" demanded Tony's voice from the radio.  "I got approved for action weeks ago, I have every right to be here, I'm just as legit as you are, Dark Angel.  How dare you question Steve's leadership. ...what did Fury get us? If it's another fucking orchid I'm going to lose it."
He drove them back. By the time Steve had parked in the garage he realized he'd have to go out again in just half an hour for his therapy session that night. It seemed today wasn't going to let up on him just yet. A strange thought lingered in the back of his head for the entire drive.
"Where are they?!" Natasha demanded for a fifth time, her punch making the director's head spin. He laughed but then wheezed where he lay against his desk, clutching at his side which was slowly bleeding out into the floor. Sam was at his computer, checking the cameras through the mainframe for any sign of their super soldier.
He thought he heard Steve make a noise of disapproval but he didn't move.  He had distinctively heard they had another eight hours. That was eight hours Tony could be passed out, where, blissfully unconscious, he wouldn't have to think about Steve running around having people trying to kill him.
"Of course, Miss Potts."
"Yes, you see, we got him in the saddle but he cried the whole time--"
Why the hell did you crush it, I could've traced it!"  Tony grabbed the remains of the chip from Steve's hand and held it up between his thumb and finger, closing one eye, trying to ID it.  Impossible.  No serial number, and most of the components that would have been identifiable were destroyed.
"I wasn't," Sam assured him quietly.
"Tony. Mph..." Steve arched up into his touch and sighed sweetly. "I think-" His words were stunted again as he squeezed around Tony's fingers and stroked at his cock. Steve's own was hard and leaving a smear of precumagainst his stomach. "-we left the condoms by the pool side," he finally managed to get out in a soft huff of annoyance, breath hot against Tony's cheek.
"Is it weird that I'm turned on by that?"
.  You can't even look after yourself; you let Stark bond you."  Disgust dripped from his words. "James did what he was told to do.  He isn't bad. Only confused. To be honest, I consider him a friend.  He's a better man than Stark. I don't know what you two had, but he's never treated me poorly."
." Cargo sometimes meant actual cargo, but other times meant live experiments; the heat signatures from the satellites made it clear that the base imported people as well as equipment.  "Then we do what we do."
"I'm-- I'm real close, Steve, I promise, I'm--"  Bucky looked around. He had been walking aimlessly.  He was at a street corner. "--I'm back home, in Brooklyn, corner of Crown and Franklin.  But it's okay, you don't come to me,
"I don't have a concussion and I don't need bedrest!" grumbled Tony.  "Gimme a math problem. C'mon. Pepper--"
"Mm-hm," said Ty.  "But you told us to call you
They strode down the hall together, passing two guards, and Steve looked down.  Tony felt his pang of surprise.
You're..."  Tony searched for the right term.  "...you're... you're taking a break.  You got
"...Steve," said Phil, in an uncharacteristic demonstration of personability.  "...I know you're in preheat but... this might be easier without your mate present.  Tony seems..."
"Ah, yes, I'm sure you've seen the headlines.  Very unfortunate. A rather abrupt cut-off to our evening's entertainment," said George, who was swinging back and forth in the chair airily.  Everyone else was watching with interest.
"Depends," Steve said. "Who do you think I am?"
There was a crack of bone; Tony leaned into the gutter and vomited.  It was like Cuba all over again, when Tony had watched Steve effortless break a guy's leg, his face hard wand remorseless.
I had.  Dominance had nothing to do with it.  I didn't care that he was my old mate or that he was dominant or any of that.  I
Everyone groaned.  Watching Tony Stark play cards had attracted a crowd.
Steve blinked in surprise when Tony mentioned his birthday. It was close, he guessed, but he hadn't expected a deal out of it. "You're not doing anything too crazy, are you?" he asked.
"Is that why I keep meeting people with weird My Little Pony names, like Shimmer and Whirlwind and... I mean, goddamn,
Gene was soon as he saw him. He was easily one of the youngest men in the room (definitely over thirty-five, though; Tony's age) and he was undoubtedly handsome. He had dark hair, slicked back and a light splattering of stubble lining a sharp jawline. His eyes were dark, cheek bones high and his smile was far too sweet for a man who did what he did. When a waitress gave him a glass of champagne she giggled at whatever he said to her before walking away. Steve looked down at Gene's wristband: unbonded. Made sense.
Steve was eternally grateful that she wasn't bringing up Yemen.
Tony had gotten good at recognizing when Pepper had hit a limit, so he shut up and let her shoo him and Steve toward the front door.  He brushed Steve's hand with his, offering to hold it without presuming. He could tell that Steve needed space and considered it good progress that Steve had agreed they could sleep naked, had let Tony touch him, and was even considering the collar thing, which Tony still felt guilty about.
clear that he didn't.
His eyes darted across the page.  He ignored the stabbing headache behind his bad eye.  It was no longer fuzzy.
Steve blinked in alarm at how casual Tony was about it. It was his chest and his heart and it was like he was just checking the filter of his washing machine. He could feel Tony's ease and relief after checking inside. Steve smiled. Everything was okay. He would be okay.
"Oh my God!" screeched Sitwell, jumping to his feet.
He had grilled Natasha after Yemen about him.  She'd been up close and personal and Tony had had questions.
"...are you serious?  That's a rule? How is that a rule?  What if he gets cold?" demanded Tony, who was pretty sure she was making it up.
"I spent like forever telling Tony I wanted a monogamous relationship. I think I would look a bit of a hypocrite now if I turned around and said otherwise..." Steve pointed out tentatively. He hadn't even considered the fact that he could technically have two Alphas...but Steve would feel guilty for it. After Yemen especially, Tony wasn't keen on sharing him.
"Let me tell you, nothing makes me feel like more of a genius than having Steve ask me to reset the WiFi," said Tony with a smile, patting Steve's leg.  "But seriously, ah... Steve growing up in the twenties and thirties hasn't been a problem. He's very progressive. Very headstrong. In some ways I think I'm the more backwards one.  I grew up very privileged and I think that, generally, the upper crust of society is often the most resistant to change. I mean, my childhood butler was an omega and..." Tony paused to take a sip from his mug.  "...and we never looked each other in the eye. I didn't realize that until recently and... and I guess I have a lot of guilt over that. A lot of regret."
"You're lucky you're not under house arrest.
Malick didn't even blink an eye.  "Who's Donner?"
Tony cringed, hard.  Gideon and Donner had just appeared behind them and Gideon was grinning ear-to-ear.  "Well, well, Stark... I was
"You use a lot of big words, don't ya?"
He yanked his hand away from Fury's grasp and together,they sprinted down the fire escape. Steve's leg was throbbing but if they'd hit an artery he figured he would be on the floor already.
a break? You're in the workshop almost all of the time because this is what you
The sheets... weren't utterly ruined. Huh. Steve blinked in surprise and then realized that someone must have changed them. Oh God. How bad they been? No time to worry about that now.
The next day, around lunchtime, they boarded Tony's plane and Steve was so excited he literally could not sit still. They had small bags packed (uniform neatly folded on the top) and then they had been off, Steve flitting around the cabin during take-off while Tony watched over the rim of a martini glass.
Tony's hackles had only gone partially down when they entered the house.  He remained close to Steve, like a bodyguard; at the mention of a bruise, they spiked up again immediately.
He went to grab them off the dresser.
"The what?"
"Do you want water?" he asked, because the omega's words, while fierce, also seemed incredibly raspy.
alone."
"Your eyes are like cat eyes."
"Steve.  Gimme another chance.  A second chance. I... I didn't like feeling... rejection.  I'm sorry I made you feel that. But now I can be a better Alpha.  And you're not sick anymore! Everything's okay now."
He put his arms around Steve without thinking, intending to scoop him up and haul him off to bed, then realized there was no way he could pick him up.  He laughed.  "Sorry.  I forget you're a super-omega.  How 'bout you carry me, soldier?"  He wrapped his arms around Steve's neck and licked a stripe up his cheek.
His memory of Steve's neck being unbitten in Italy, then, that must be a false memory, a half-remembered dream.
Briefly, it crossed his mind that Steve and Barnes had never gotten this.  That Barnes's refusal to mate Steve, and Steve's inability to have a full heat, meant they never experienced this weird post-heat bonding.  He had mixed feelings. Pity, yes. Outrage on Steve's behalf. Relief that this was unique to him and Steve, and that he didn't have to share this with Barnes.  And also a begrudging sense of respect that Barnes had had the willpower never to mate Steve. Tony still hadn't told him about Barnes's motivations, about Barnes's concern for Steve's health.  Still hadn't told him that he was sure that Barnes had actually loved him. It would only complicate things and Tony didn't want the competition.
"Fair point, Jarv," said Tony, taking the mug of coffee and sipping it.  He had never felt as content in his life as he did at that moment.  The memory of Steve holding his hand, the warm ceramic cup, the silk robe, the smell of his omega mingling with the smell of the coffee... Tony sighed softly, reaching out to touch the small of Steve's back.
he thought sleepily, lazily.  Even though he'd slept for the better part of the morning, the excitement of the last few days was catching up to him and that, combined with the comfort of the bed and Steve's back pressed into his torso, were enough to push him into a perfect, restful sleep, clutching Steve tightly, protectively, breathing on the back of his neck lightly.
"We...we shouldn't be here," Steve whispered, staring down at his hands. They were red and shining in the blue light of Tony's chest. The metallic tang in the air was making him feel sick. "This place isn't for us. We're not... are we?" He didn't want to say it:
are there two tickets to the Alphas' United Conference with your name on them in the dining-- you two better not be naked under there, I swear, I'm trying to run a company and deal with the constant onslaught of--"
When Bucky did Steve got out and walked around, getting him to budge along so he could get into the driver's seat. Bucky had looked worried for a moment, like he'd thought Steve was leaving. He definitely wasn't.
She shrugged.  "Beats me.
"I saw your video, you know. I think it was very brave of you, telling everyone like that."
"Well, that would've required Dad to talk to me, and he preferred to pretend I didn't exist," said Tony flippantly.  Anger surged up in him again.  It had always pissed him off how people, omegas in particular, worshiped Howard.  Sure, he'd been smart, but he'd also been a lousy father and, near the end of his life, an abusive drunk.
had been the thing he was trying to remember!  Ron must have mentioned--
; they're just smiley faces, Steve, that's it... well, except for the eggplant, the eggplant means penis, but the rest are just smileys...
On the bed, the omega was lying on his stomach, one fist pressed into his cheek, flipping through the television channels lazily.  "It's true. Coffee helps," he reported.
"Don't do what the Alpha tells you to. They enjoy it far too much, I find," Steve breathed.
Karpov nodded sombrely. "Go fetch the witch."
Tony blinked.
Richard breathed out slowly. "I would recommended you go home with Mr. Stark, Captain. I believe being in your own home will help... calm everyone down.  Besides, Donnie here probably wants some alone time to get to know his baby."
"...Steve?" asked Louis gently after a long silence.
Steve pulled into the parking lot as Tony instructed but didn't get out of the car. "I know you want to be able to trust me again," he murmured. "But there's some things... I just, I don't know what's going on Tony. There's all these ideas in my head. I can tell you about it if you want but you don't want to hear it. And I don't even know if it's real yet."
Unfortunately, it was.
him. "Hey," he murmured. "You with me here?"
"Steve?" Peggy frowned at him.
About twenty minutes into Tony feeding an ever increasing fanclub of pigeons, there was a low rumble of an engine. Steve appeared in front of the donut store on his bike, a leather jacket thrown over his dusty white shirt from the party. His hair was a bit of a mess and even with the serum Steve looked a little tired. But he looked calmer than he had in awhile. He parked his bike outside and leaned his arms on the handles and his head on them, watching Tony feed pigeons without a care in the world until the billionaire finally looked down and noticed him.
"Thank you," said Donner, turning his head to look at Steve.  He gave a brave smile, wincing. He stretched a hand out for Steve's.
"Maybe you'll find one, you know...?  Maybe one that didn't buy you?"
, Pepper?
Steve turned and felt a strange tug in his chest at the letters. "Maybe later." He said quietly. "Kind of sick of...everyone else, at the moment," he murmured. He knew that if he read more of Bucky's letters it would just make it harder not to try and find him. And he didn't want to go against Natasha's word, not when she was already sacrificing so much for him.
DeSoto knelt.
It's not that he was psychic; rather, JARVIS had been trying to get him and Steve up since 6:00 AM.  First it was because of a phone message from JARVIS. Steve had gotten a rather rude awakening from Gideon.
Bucky to hate the way the Alpha made him feel.
Almost immediately, Steve's plan to lay low backfired, because Maggie Frond was standing by the door, back against the door, arms crossed, feet planted.  She was a small woman but she oozed dominance.
"I love you," he whispered, voice soft enough so only Tony could hear.
Steve had never talked to Tony much about his experience before he'd joined the war, but after he'd had the serum.  The serum worked but its creator had been assassinated immediately after Steve had received it, meaning he was the only one.  No one seemed sure of what to do with him.  Suggestions ranged from sending him to medical labs to try to reverse-engineer the serum to simply sending him home to carry on with civilian life as if nothing had ever happened.  Steve remembered when they'd considered selling him. Ha. That had been a brief conversation, and Steve had been there for it, listening furiously while generals, scientists, and politicians bickered over his fate like he wasn't even in the room.  Auctions were a lot less taboo back in the forties and Steve was a 'pretty one.'  If he was sold off and bred, maybe they could get super soldiers after all, through natural means, they said.  But the idea was thankfully dismissed early; it would take forever and the war would be over by then.  Eventually they decided he could more money on a stage and shoved him up there instead. He'd given his all into every single performance. He exceeded the war bond quotas almost every time. One of the performers had once asked him 'why do you try so hard, Steve-o?'
Steve reached for the glass again, hating the way the rim shook as he brought it to his lips.
Steve frowned a little. "This is why you got us England, isn't it? You had planned this all along. Well, you should have let us know, Nick, because Tony doesn't have his suit and I didn't bring shit with me.  We came here to celebrate our anniversary.  II hope you realise this is the worst possible day of the year for this."
"Roger, Rogers," he said.  "You ready?" he said to Tony.
"You pay money to get into the auction.  A hundred grand," said Seventeen. "That's how come they start the bidding there.  If we leave, we won't just be on the street. We'll be bankrupt."
Steve stepped out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist to find Rhodes and Tony in the bedroom. Tony almost looked sheepish but was still obviously completely out of it. Rhodey looked like he'd dealt with this before.
When Christmas morning dawned, there were more than a dozen stockings hung on the mantle: Tony, Steve, Donner, Granite, JARVIS (Tony was insistent on this; inexplicably, he'd filled the stocking with batteries), Aria and Pepper, George and Banksy.  Pepper had gone home on Christmas Eve, as had George, to spend the day with his kids. Banksy, however, spent half the day with them before leaving to have dinner with his stepson, and Donner and Granite stayed the whole day. (Tony was less than thrilled.  Granite needed three diaper changes in an six-hour period and also cried no less than seven times. It didn't escape his notice that Steve held her several times with a look of gooey omega maternalism in his eyes.)
"Okay. We'll be good. I think we're too worn out for anything else now anyway."
"Please don't fantasize about me," requested Pepper.
me to be here!  What do you want?"  Pepper's voice was getting a note of desperation.  Tony ignored her.  Having cried himself out, he felt... strangely empty.  It was sort of nice.  A hollow hunger.  A Steve-shaped hole that, like a socket that was missing a tooth, Tony couldn't help but prod at, over and over.  It hurt, mostly in his chest, around his heart, but it was growing into something that wasn't pain.  Something that wasn't anything.  Tony was okay with that.  Maybe this was Takotsubo Syndrome... If so, it wasn't actually so awful.  Was this what Jarvis experienced during those last two years after his father had died?  Hey, it beat palladium poisoning, anyway.  It was better this way.  Better not to feel anything.
He threw back his beer and loped down to the shop without any further comment.
Steve froze; on the phone line, Natasha and Tony cringed at a loud
Kate groaned loudly.
The only problem was... he had no idea
It was obvious that Tony had wrapped it himself; it was not as neat as Pepper's or Aria's wrapping jobs, and there was a coffee ring on the paper, as if he'd set a mug down on it at some point without thinking.
. He whined loudly.  "Whatever," he panted. "Whatever you want. I'll do it, just...just p-please Tony, God. Get inside me already."
The lights flickered off, plunging them into darkness.
"Hm, interesting."
saying she wanted to help you and Steve."
Steve gasped softly as Tony filled him up. He felt half conscious, his brain going off line as Tony rocked up into him. He curled his arms around his shoulders and nuzzled close, nose dragging along Tony's jawline before he pressed his forehead against his shoulder. "Special. Hm. Okay." Steve hummed with a lazy smile as he circled his hips around him once, testing the waters as he clenched around him. There was no burn without any preparation; Steve's body was slick and eager.  It had done its own preparation. This was certainly different. Steve liked it, liked it a lot.
Steve moved to cup Tony's cheeks and make him look at him. "Look at me. Okay? Look at me. They didn't get me. They tried and they
"He's not a dog, Pietro.  He can take care of himself," said Wanda gently.  "But it's not safe for him to be around you."
Natasha was staring at him and he wasn't sure he liked it.  She was clearly judging him but her own face revealed nothing at all.  Tony hated people like that.  He found himself staring back, not willing to seem submissive to her, not while Steve was in the room.
The seven of them made their way toward the stairs; the camera crew was clearing out, looking desperately curious.
There was still a lump in his throat but the tears had stopped falling, thankfully.
Was he bonded to Karpov?
Steve was so upset. He didn't understand what he'd done wrong. It wasn't him! Why didn't they understand that? Why did Tony think he'd tried to kill him? He wouldn't do that, he wouldn't...rejection welled up in his chest. He wasn't good enough. They doubted him. No. Not good enough. His fingers were cold again. Could he even feel them? Goddamn frostbite!
press!  Oh, look at this one, look look look!
, fuck, that
thought a small corner of his mind, trying to get control of him.  But God, it was getting strong and Tony was shaking with desire.
Tony wound the wires back into the socket and popped the reactor back in with a click.  He gave it a whack with the heel of his hand to make sure it was secure.
Nate smacked Tony away, looking increasingly annoyed.
Tony had a sudden memory of the last time he'd danced with someone like this.
"Go for it." Steve's discomfort had nothing to do with Dr. Gleason.  He seemed like a capable man.  It was just that... well.  Anyone who was going to be touching his intimate areas made Steve feel awkward.
Tony's phone chimed.
Bucky felt encouraged by the sound of his name; he gently turned Steve around, leaning down to bite his mark on the back of Steve's neck, as delicately as possible.  His teeth fit into the scar correctly now. He let out a soft, appreciative growl, wrapped his arms around Steve, his right hand pushing his shirt up and his pants down, touching his abs, fingering the fine trail of hair that trailed down from his navel.
When Steve woke up the sun was creeping up the sky and warming them both. The tide was a lot closer to them now, the sea brushing the edge of his toes. He hesitated before reaching down to bush Tony's hair from his eyes. "Hey," he whispered and leaned down to kiss his forehead. "Wake up. We should head back," Steve said, moving to sweep the sand away from Tony's arms gently.
"I'm going outside of SHIELD. I can't trust SHIELD with this. You know as well as I do, Captain, just how riddled with rats we are."
"I'll pay for your tabs," added Tony.  "...have a good one, guys."
"Well, you're in the right place!  I majored in World War Two history and I've been working the Steve Rogers exhibit for three years now.  My entire thesis was about him. ...of course, it's probably all completely trash now that he's come out as an omega.  Didn't see
"...you ever seen that big Steve Rogers exhibit down at the Smithsonian?  I hear they just expanded it, what with him being unfrozen and, you know, an omega and all."
Tony, I like Steve, and I respect him, and I assume you do, too.  I'm going to assume that when you tried to kiss me, that was a mistake.  But I don't ever,
"If he does whatever HYDRA wants, then he's
"Ha!" said Tony, punching the air.  Rhodey groaned a little.
But he knew he could trust Steve.
Steve slipped out of bed, heading downstairs to grab some juice. He spun around as he opened the fridge.
Tony perked a little.  He really, really wanted to know.
? Steve was going to go insane if he was left in an omega play pen for the day full of people like Piper, but that was what he had come here to do.
He dusted his hands off on his pants and picked up a piece of fried fish.  Tony, Pepper had once told Steve with annoyance, ate everything with his hands that couldn't be sucked through a straw.  She said it was a combination of Tony being a tactile person and also liking to bother other rich people with his refusal to act posh or snooty.  As could be expected, Tony began peeling away the fried part to check out the fish, eating the batter separately.
As outlandish and extroverted as Tony was, he was remarkably private in his own way.  To this day, virtually no one knew what, precisely, had happened in Afghanistan.  Tony's SHIELD file had been woefully inadequate, the dossier half-filled and padded out with information about his father and girlfriends rather than the man himself.  Tony slipped on the persona of a shallow hedonist every day and rarely acted as anything else; shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries two years ago, and giving a press release on accountability, was one of the few raw moments when everyone saw the real him, and saw something he cared about.  Moments like those were not at all typical, though.
like nothing could burst their bubble. Heats heightened emotions but also made them fleeting and volatile.  Steve could go from crying to laughing to feeling furious in a matter of minutes.  He hated how heats twisted his brain up.
session."  Tony swirled his feet idly in the water.  The sun bleached out the glow of the arc reactor.  Tony looked up. "So about tomorrow.  I thought Malick said no performances or anything.  ...what song were you gonna sing? You gonna do it anyway?"
Tony nodded, then asked, "So... so you're Nadine?"
"Oh!  Excuse me, Mr. Stark--"
... Steve... Steve, I'm so sorry, I should have been there sooner."  Tony pressed his body into his mate's, as if he could better shield him, have the bed swallow Steve up so no one could see him.  "I'm sorry," repeated Tony, his words the slightest bit slurred thanks to Maria's sedative.
he thought silently.  Did the core need to be changed again?  Already?  It had been less than 72 hours.  The palladium couldn’t already be used up, could it?  Shit.
Tony nodded numbly, rose, and followed her out onto the back deck.  Inside, Mackenzie shook his head slowly. "No offense to your mate, Rogers, but how the hell did he get approved for action?  He's an emotional wreck."
Steve wished he could shake it out of him. A childish part of him wanted to scream in Donner's face.
"I dunno, I'm... I'm making a statement, I think," mumbled Tony, waving to the bartender again.
. Oh, dear.
"Orders overridden, sir," said JARVIS.
"I don't need you tell me how big of a fuck up this is. I am very aware."
"So, everything okay now?"
"It's very traditional and very strict. They do everything by the rules. And whatever you're thinking Tony... don't do it."
"I wouldn't even if I could," replied Tony, lips barely moving.
"I think
"Just let them check you don't have concussion," Steve insisted, Tony's reluctance a palpable pang in his own chest. One of the paramedics stared at Steve with wide eyes as Steve rubbed a hand over his face. He felt groggy and slow from sleep and honestly didn't feel like getting on a plane at all.  He probably looked like crap.
"Going back to access to suppressants-  you know, my problem with that is, I'm a beta, why should
Nick wasn't a simple man so Steve had expected something like this. It was evident why he couldn't have sent Peter Wisdom. Alone, a normal man would have struggled to do this without simply murdering all of them. And whilst Steve was prepared to kill them (goddammit, he thought he'd moved on from this) he didn't want to if he could help it.
The nurse stared blank-faced at him.  Tony sighed.  "...no.  I quit two years ago."
Tony was relieved to see the babies were re-slinged and about to leave. Everyone said good-bye to Steve while Tony hovered; he smiled when Ty addressed him.
Lips against Tony's ear, everything spilled out in a frantic whisper.  "HYDRA tried to kidnap me and kill Fury. I went to meet Nick at my old apartment and supposedly no one knew except us and maybe Pierce, who's on the WSC, but we got ambushed anyway.  They sent the Winter Soldier, who it turns out is also Bucky, and he hasn't aged a day. He doesn't even know who I am. I also found out that the nurse who lived down my hall is a SHIELD agent. Fury nearly died, I got him to an ER, where I found out I'd just had a miscarriage due to physical trauma."  Steve took a shuddering breath.  "...so, all in all, not a good day."
The two of them lapsed into silence for another minute, waiting impatiently for the suit to open enough for Tony to remove himself from it.  After several long minutes, Tony was finally able to step backwards out of it.
"That's a lot of stuff. Peg's caretakers-- she's got a few nurses who visit her throughout the week-- said the weekend would be best for her, though, so we should probably wait a few days." Steve said, inspecting his apple crumble with a pinch in his brow. He tried a bit of the topping with some of the custard. It was weird. It seemed like quite a humble dessert and yet the hotel was desperate to try and dress it up.
Or maybe Bucky would run if he told him to... but then he wouldn't get the help he needed, would he?
"Noon?" asked Tony.  "Can I drink at noon?"
A lot of heads turned, and  a lot of eyes drifted to Tony, who'd they'd never met before in person.
"But betas always kneel when they do the ring thing!" protested Tony.
his bed. He can fucking lie in it.
"...he's dead."
"Till the end of the line," mumbled Tony automatically, half-asleep.  He reached up to take Steve's hand on his chest and move it away from the arc reactor and the scarring that surround it.
"Hmm," said Tony.
The crowd wasn't too overwhelming, thought Steve, scanning the audience anxiously before focusing on the grounding touch of Tony's hand in his.  He knew he was doing it for the show, and that he was annoyed at him, but Steve still appreciated it. It was a tiff, really. Hardly even a fight. They'd probably just talk it out and have angry sex against a wall later (that was how these things usually went.)
"Why'd he attack you?"
He pulled out his arc reactor and did a quick swipe of his socket with a couple of fingers.  When Tony was stressed he always began to worry there might be something wrong with the reactor; after all, only a year ago, it had nearly killed him.  There was a little discharge but it was clear and didn't smell. Tony double-checked all the wires and connections, then pushed it back into his chest. Steve, who had gotten used to seeing the RT node come out and Tony dig around in his chest, didn't react.
"--it's not that I don't believe
He bit down on it after a few moments, his teeth fitting in to it perfectly.  He'd seen pictures and videos of omegas were deep, deep marks made from years of being bitten in the same place over and over, and always found them sort of gross.  In particular, omegas in porn would have prominently scars, and Tony had never seen the appeal of that.  Now he understood.  He clenched Steve's skin between his teeth, savoring the taste and the closeness; it felt even better the second time, feeling how his mouth fit, how the scar was shaped for him and only him.
"Just... just put 'em on the floor, we'll sort through them later," said Tony, his hand snaking out to touch Steve's thigh lightly.  He looked over at Steve, who was absorbed in a letter.  "What's it say?  ...what's the charity, Steve?"
other Alphas, even pretend ones?"
"Pancake!" commanded Tony.  "Steve.
“It wasn’t an insult.  I think it’s kind of cute, actually,” said Tony, propping his elbow up on his desk and smirking a little wider at Steve.  He had to admit, getting under his new assistant’s skin was excellent sport.  He couldn’t quite figure out his deal, but he knew which buttons to push, and Tony was someone who couldn’t resist pushing a big, red button when it was just sitting there in front of him.  “Uppity omegas happen to be my favorite kind,” he continued.  “I like them spirited.  It’s, you know… precious.  Like when you see a dog in a sweater, you know?”  Tony picked his phone up again and went back to playing Tetris.  He had every intention of being late for his meeting and then blaming Steve, just to see what would happen.  Tony liked pushing boundaries as much as he liked pushing buttons; the best way to discover limits was to surpass them. In this sense, cars, people, and flying mech suits were surprisingly similar.
Tony placed his hands on Steve's shoulders, pushing him into the bed, and crawled on top of him, leaning in to kiss his chest, collarbone, neck, throat.  All the events of the day had been forgotten, at least for the moment.  There was no other Alpha.  For that matter, there was no one else in the world.  Only Steve.
She paused, then answered, "Yes, Mr. Stark."
"I kinda like that you don't want someone else to have me," Steve admitted quietly. Tony's fingers felt like magic, making him shiver with pleasure. He bit back a whine poorly as his hands dipped down to his spine. Since when would he ever let someone touch him like this? "Eligible, hm?" A smirk teased at his lips and his tone matched his expression. "I dunno if he can handle me..."
"The thing that really fascinates me is just how humble--"
"You know, aside from in the kitchens and in house keeping."
"Your full name, I mean."
"...Stark?"
"Show him the badge!" said Tony, swaying.  He jabbed a finger at Paul. "And I told you, Paul, you should respect women!"
"Well, I'll be damned.  The
"...you
"Was the baby born?" Happy asked as they got into the car, sounding excited but weary considering the hour of the morning.  It was late; Donner's entire delivery had taken a little over fourteen hours, which, Richard assured them, was completely typical for a male omega, and actually not bad, for the first time.
So Steve made sure not to give anything away. He looked as calm and as composed as ever, like he hadn't been nervous as hell just a few minutes ago. He was stood with his back soldier-straight like he had nothing to be ashamed about.
Pietro turned, wide-eyed, terrified.  Tiberius was staring at him. And his smell, which Tony and Steve and Gleason had all grown unaccustomed to, ever-present, ever-horrific, was enough to stop Pietro for just a second.
"No. No, Steve--" Tiberius patted his arm. "That's not true. You love Tony so much; I can see it, and you've been so good for him."
like that. This isn't an obligation or a... a practical thing.  We're scent-mates, Tony.  I feel you in everything I do and I love it. I love
Tony pondered this.
He carefully slipped out of bed and walked out to the wardrobe, grabbing a sweater and socks and trainers before he headed out (making sure the duvet was tucked over Tony's shoulders before he did so). "JARVIS?" Steve called out once he was in the corridor. "Please let Tony know I'm just at the beach if he wakes up and I'm not here."
"Hey.  Rogers.  Lighten up.  It's my birthday," said Tony.  He paused.
"...kneel for me?  On the bed? I'll get it," said Tony.  He felt the tiniest hint of discomfort, as well, asking.  He wanted to be a strong Alpha that issued commands, not one who tentatively asked his omega for permission for everything.  His instincts were deeply confused, conflicted with his rational brain's desire to be respectful. Not to mention the back-and-forth rules for how they behaved in public and how they behaved in the bedroom.  Steve, Tony had come to appreciate, would probably never kneel for him in public.
Steve went over to George's side. "This happens... every year?"
"BARNEY!"
"They don't always turn around, though, do they?" said Tony, lowering his voice along with his sunglasses.  "...you know, Gene, I admire your work, too."
Gleason began pulling bottles out of his bag.  "One of these every hour, one of these every ten, and they really should be taken with food..."
The moment the guards burst into the cell, Bucky was ready.  He scooped Steve up in a single motion, not trusting his ankle to hold up, and charged through the door.  He'd expected more resistance but they seemed shocked and Bucky wondered how the hell they were being entrusted to guard prisoners if they didn't know the "create an emergency" trick.
It was the perfect metaphor.  Even since he and Steve had reunited, they'd be distant; Steve had been cold.  He'd consulted Bucky as an equal, as a soldier.  He never mentioned their bond.  Bucky couldn't feel him and he didn't know why.  Steve was so close, so very close, but he couldn't close the gap, and Steve was begging him, and Bucky wanted to say something, wanted to call him Stevie or Omega or anything, anything to close the gap between them; he wanted his last words to mean something, and he was opening his mouth to apologize for being such a rotten, lousy Alpha but the words never came out because he'd already lost his grip and was falling, weightless, into the dark, cold abyss...
Tony looked up in alarm.  Was Steve asking what they were doing
"Holy cow!  Is this your car?"
Right now he just really wanted to get his Alpha off. Steve wanted to prove he was good at this. He
"...whatever, just... just be good for the king of Wakanda."
His vision was blurry. He was so freaking tired. And hungry.
Wait a second.
"I wish I hadn't gone to Yemen," Steve whispered. That was, after all, the chain of events that had sort of started all this. Or maybe it was the simulation, which had called out to Bucky in the first place.
Tony felt a supreme, crushing disappointment at this statement.  "Are you sure? Positive?"
"Bucky Barnes," repeated Tony, testing the words out.  Still kind of a dumb name.  "...It's obvious, right?  He's still guilty about the guy's death.  Which isn't fair, at all, because... because you tried to save him, right?" said Tony, holding Steve's hands in his.  "War sucks, right?  Not your fault.  Whadda they call it, uh... survivor's guilt- yeah!  Kind of obvious that he'd think back to that.... That's why you didn't want to talk about him, right?"
David busied himself with cleaning the wound with iodine swabs before he got out far more professional-looking bandages than the ones Steve had found in Tony's bathroom the night before. "So.  I doubt I'm here just to redress a wound." His tone was a touch gentler.
"Hi, can I start with you any--
"Tony
Steve gave a small shake of his head.  They were not talking about this right now.  Steve could not afford to get distracted by his personal problems while they were on a mission.
Natasha hummed in agreement.
"Can I get a mic?" demanded Tony, snapping his fingers at a stage hand.  She looked over, then did a double-take when she realized who it was.  Someone handed Tony a microphone within minutes; Tony tossed it up, caught it, and gave Steve's hand a tug.  "C'mon, Rogers."
Jesus Christ.  Tony realized as he was saying it that Steve was having another burst of pheromones.  Heats ebbed and flowed; at times, Steve was (almost) rational, and others, he was doubled over with cramps, begging to be fucked.
"Hey, Steve."
Natasha threw her legs around one of the guards and brought him down the heel of her hands onto the back of his head; he dropped, and she kicked off him, running down the hall toward the cells.
!" cried George, sitting up sharply.
"Jarvis never had kids."
Tony's hackles were up and upset was pouring off him in waves.
"But what if you need to get naked and--"
He stumbled away, putting the motel behind him, directionless, as if he could outrun his own fractured memories.  The thin spiral notebook under his arm felt heavier than he remembered.
"...yes, of course," said George, who was miming vomiting.  "I was hoping you could make an exception. My Kerry is a very good girl."
Inevitably, when he noticed the difference, he thought of Banksy and Boswell.  Banksy, who was his age, and Boswell, old enough to be his father, who had to turn in early from parties and who was retired and who had an adult son who was closer in age to Banksy than to Boswell.  (Ryan and Banksy were within two years of each other.)
bring up Howie right now. I swear to God. If I'd wanted him I would have had him. But I didn't. I chose you, and I knew how dominant you were when I did. I didn't even
When Steve smashed the man's head against the wheel again, it was unclear to Tony if the man was dead or not.  Steve's version of a "gentle" whack was probably like being punched by a gorilla.  Tony retched again.
"Malick wants me to behave, essentially. But I think we have different ideas about 'behaving'," Steve said.
," she said, a mischievous smile on her lips.  "I guess you might have to discipline me, huh?"  She climbed onto the bed, on her hands and knees, wiggling her ass at them.
"Where is he?" demanded Tony.  His voice sounded all wrong. Strained, cracking, frantic.
"Right, sorry, sorry," said Tony, pulling away quickly.  "...thanks, Nick."
"Yeah. Well, healing from bullet wounds in a few days is real nice too," Steve tried to joke.
Rhodes resigned himself to the fact that he'd have to give some things up if he wanted to get anything in return.
When they arrived at the gala cameras were flashing from every direction, something Steve was used to now.
He moved to stand and wobbled briefly before resting on both feet, more weight on his right side. The heat helped dull the pain, at least.
"Come on, Donnie," said George, putting an arm around him.  "Let's get some rest... tomorrow we need to go shopping and get you some clothes..."
Karpov frowned (clearly he'd not heard of any interesting footage), and turned to Bucky.  "солдат," he greeted him.
"Twins?  ...see? Houseomega," said Tiberius, with a wrinkle of his nose.  "Our members joined Status Alliance because it's a safe space for them.  We don't allow Alphas to the meetings and it's better for us that way. They don't understand.  If they respect us then they'll respect that. We'd be happy to work with the Society but, what are we supposed to tell people when Alphas start showing up, huh?  'Take your suppressants and try not to smell too desirable
"Uhh..."
...that hadn't been so bad, figured Tony.  Steve was back and he seemed safe. He seemed stable, sort of.  That was the most important thing, right? Yeah, Tony reassured himself.  Ultimately, his number one goal was Steve's safety. And Steve was safe. So it was okay.
"What's her real name?"
"Yeah. George gave me some for food."
Tony peered over Natasha's shoulder, ignoring the way she bristled at him.
to," Steve disagreed and then realised how stupid that had sounded. But he genuinely believed that if he hadn't been sent into preheat, and that if Bucky had been his own mind, that he wouldn't have done it. Sometimes Steve wondered if Bucky had asked before he...
.  Why don't you get that?
doing here?"
His hand dropped.  He looked up at Steve again.  "...you don't care, do you?" he blurted suddenly.  "About...?"  He gestured vaguely toward his own neck.
And that was how Steve ended up taking a selfie with Georgina and her mother, the sun glinting in the corner and the blue of the sea behind them. Ian (the parent) asked if he could upload it on Twitter and Steve said sure, why not?  He couldn't recall Aria or anyone else telling him he wasn't allowed to take pictures with his fans, and besides, what was the harm?
"--embryo," Tony cut her off.  "...maybe even zygote."
Tony whirled around and strode over toward where Kerry had indicated.  Steve was already well-aware that Tony had zero qualms about interrupting other people.
"How long did you date before you bonded?" Steve asked curiously.
"Who are you sending?" asked Bucky suspiciously.  He was no longer entirely sure who to trust. "...Colonel Karpov?" he said hopefully.  That, other than Steve, was the only person he was certain was on his side.  In the background he could still distantly hear another Alpha shrieking.
He pulled the transcripts to the bottom; new words were appearing onscreen before them.  Steve leaned in to read; it was Clint and Fury who were talking.  JARVIS labeled the names: B for Barton, F for Fury.  Steve knew Clint well enough to tell, immediately, that Clint wasn't happy. Unlike Natasha, the man wasn't actually a big fan of taking risks. Steve knew that Clint was uneasy if he wasn't cracking jokes, even if it was Fury he was talking to. Or maybe he was less professional with Steve and around him on regular basis to try and make him feel more welcome and at ease; the archer was more considerate than he let on.  Or, maybe Clint was just friendlier with other omegas.  Still.  The uncharacteristic seriousness of the conversation made Steve worried.
"I'll meet you outside, okay?  You go wait outside, I'll be out soon.  The gantry for the four takes, like, ten minutes," said Tony breezily.  The Mark IV had been roughed up back in May, when he'd fought Rhodey in it, but he'd patched it up over the last few months.  In between patching up that, and the suit that had been dented up at the Expo, and the V, which Vanko had really fucked up in Monaco, Tony hadn't gotten too much work into the VII yet.  He had to admit, he was itching to get it done, but he doubted he'd get the actual flight test for at least a year. Once he figured it out, though, building non-gantry suits would be a snap.  Ha. A snap.  Snap on, snap off.  That was the plan.
. It's
They came to a plain door with a grey square beside it.  One of the men waved an ID badge over the square and it beeped, and they all walked inside.
Tony squeezed Steve's fingers back, then offered him the letter.  "You can open it. Just in case it's booby-trapped or something. ...and don't smoke in the house, you know I hate that smell."  He plucked the cigarette from Steve's lips and tucked it behind his ear.
bonded you because I
His phone chimed a few times; he ignored it because it would be chiming all day with birthday wishes.
Tony had rules.  No virgins.  No omegas.  No men.  Here he was, breaking all three.  He didn't care.  Steve was different.
"That bad?"
"Yes, I was just telling Sean-- I haven't seen him since last year's conference-- we got bonded in June, so we're coming up on one year.  How 'bout that, Piper?"
She gave him a withering look.  "Do you know who I am?"
He didn't feel like he had any right to try to win Steve when he'd come second.  Steve still had feelings for his other Alpha.  Ha.  Didn't do trios... what a fucking asshole.
She was examining him closely with her red eyes, and he didn't like it.  Didn't like her eyes or her smell. Didn't like anything about her. Judging by the smells of the other Alphas in the room, neither did they.  She was... off-putting.
"But-- but HYDRA's in SHIELD. What-- what do I do?"
"Heroes are men who sacrifice.  You and I, we've made sacrifices.  You know, it's not as if I didn't want a wife, when I was a younger man.  Perhaps children. But I gave that up for this--" He gestured broadly. "--for HYDRA, for what I believe in.  It will be a perfect world, someday. No one will be unhappy. Have you been unhappy, since we trained you?"
"You could pull strings.  You got leverage," he murmured as he began working his fingers into Steve's scalp, shampooing him.  "You and Fury had a falling out.  Tell him you'll forgive him if he'll put me on the fast-track to join.  You can even use me as a consultant or whatever... I just wanna be there.  Y'know, in case you guys can't solve a problem by punching it."  Steve's head lolled under his hands.  "I know what you're thinking:
Metal fingers brushed over his cheek and then cupped it. The metal-armed man wore a mask, and googles over his eyes, but Steve wasn't afraid of him. His voice was raw and unused when he spoke. "Stevie-?"
"You really should stop phoning me; whatever will your Alpha think?"
"Sure, sure," said Tony, scribbling one more autograph before letting Pepper and Steve drag him off.  He eyeballed Pepper as she and Steve murmured to each other.  He liked Pepper a lot, more than he cared to admit, and it didn't sit well with him, the idea of her and some uppity, unpaired, too-independent-for-his-own-good omega ganging up on him.  Tony loathed feeling like he was nothing more than some little performing show dog who had to be directed and coached.  He'd run the company fine before Steve, before Pepper, even.  Sure, he had fun, he liked to drink and schmooze, but it wasn't like he was a moron.  He knew what he was doing.  He'd been groomed since birth to take over Stark Industries; even as a child, he'd been used to the press, to the delicate world of sound bites and headlines.  He'd practically been a mascot for the company: Howard Stark's genius boy, the prodigy, the wunderkind, the soon-to-be heir of the biggest weapons manufacturer in America, bar none.
Tony eyeballed Steve.  “...perfect.  Thanks, Sparks,” he said softly, distractedly.  His toxicity levels were up again.  He took his smoothie and sipped it, wincing.  It tasted like a freshly mowed lawn.  He needed something to distract him.  His eyes slid over to Steve’s blue ones.  Steve had the audacity to look him in the eye.  “...you probably hear this all the time, but you have some really beautiful baby blues.  ...did you say a four-hour nap was on the schedule?  Sounds restful.  Any chance you want to join me?  I’ve been told I’m an excellent… napper.”  He stared at Steve suggestively.  One of the flight attendants let out a small, knowing giggle, and Tony relaxed, marginally.  He wasn’t sick.  How sick could he be?  He didn’t feel sick, or look sick.  No one had to know.  Hell, maybe he wasn’t sick at all.  Maybe the reading was wrong and his blood toxicity was down.  Equipment failed, after all.  It was a comforting thought.  Tony made a mental note to recalibrate the blood reader when they landed.  Or maybe just build a new one altogether.  How hard could it be, anyway?
Outside, the sun was just starting to set over the horizon; the view out the west window was magnificent.  The ocean was peaceful and sparkling pinks, purples, and golds.
"Saturday works. We're on this stupid farm in the middle of nowhere. It would be quickest for you to take a jet."
The chuckle on the other line was low and breathy.  "I hope you are ready, Stark.  I am.  Have been ready for many, many years."
Tony wondered when-- if-- he'd be able to bite down on the back of Steve's neck again while they were mating.  And if it would feel different in his mouth, if it would taste different.
A brief scuffle on the other line and Steve could imagine her dropping him and sitting on him.
"Thanks, Jarv.  Call him again."
Tony knew very well that his father had searched for Steve after the plane went down.  Maybe he was searching for something else, too.
If Natasha and Sam came back Tony might kill them. Tony had dropped those guards so easily, after all; he was still in the suit, still dangerous. And Natasha, at least, didn't have the best of armor. She chose speed and dexterity over defense. The jolts of pain were helping to keep Steve sane, or a little more sane than Tony. He just kept reminding himself that this should last ten minutes, and then it would be over. But would it last ten minutes for Tony? Would it go away?
The question was, should he take this offer for information or not?  He doubted he was authorized, but he also didn't think he was forbidden.  This was liked how Pietro kept giving him gum, something Karpov seemed annoyed by but not enough to actually tell him no.
. He didn't think he ever remembered feeling this sad before.
recommend."
"I'm really,
Steve stood, a little shakily at first, but then he got his bearings. He grabbed the man nearest to him, the one fighting with Kate, and lifted him up, driving his elbow into his neck, breaking it with a sickening, organic crunch. Then he dropped his body and walked over to where the Winter Soldier was still grappling with Fury. He jumped up onto the countertop, leg trembling a little, but he ignored it.  The Winter Soldier had long hair.  Convenient. A bullet nicked into the cupboard door by his head.
Steve squirmed and then tensed under him, coming onto the sheets in Tony's hand with a cry that was muffled by the pillow under his lips. His hair would need fixing again, no doubt. Steve clenched around him again, encouraging Tony over the edge as he rocked his orgasm out with slow stutters of his hips.
"Mr. Stark, Captain Rogers. My name is Agent Mackenzie; it's a pleasure to finally meet both of you."
Besides, weren't miscarriages common?  Especially for someone like Steve, whose body had been through so much... who had never been pregnant before...
"Hands down on the bed.  Bow," ordered Tony.
Steve could see Natasha rolling her eyes. "It's not that it's bad. It's just unknown to me. Aaand...I don't like the fact that SHIELD used it to track my every move."
about him. He creeps me out. I told Donner that if he ever wanted to leave him and wanted support, he should call me straight away. I hope he does call."
"Omega," said Tony, staring at Steve.
He took an elevator to the main lobby, shouldering rudely past a couple blocking his path ("Hey!").  The door to the main lobby was automatic and Tony nearly crashed into it; he slipped out. It was cold outside but who cared.  The important thing was to get away from the hotel, because there were at least a half-dozen enraged people chasing them and while Tony wasn't actually worried about getting hurt, he was worried about what would happen if he let Steve throw a punch.  His pride would be wounded and Steve could really hurt someone and it would be bad for their image and probably end in a lengthy lawsuit. Yeah, better to just leave. Steve had gotten what he wanted; without staff, the conference was going to come to a grinding halt.
For some reason, the picture struck Tony as intimate and he immediately felt threatened by the smoking man, the "old friend."
"I promise it's gonna be okay," Steve murmured and pressed a kiss to Tony's shoulder. He didn't know what to do to make him feel better. Right now he just wanted the other to come back to him.  "We don't have to do anything today. We can just stay in and ignore the world. We don't have to answer to anyone. It's just us here," Steve whispered and nuzzled against the curve of his neck gently, staying well away from the scar.
He slid into a booth and turned to see if he could order another coffee, but the staff had disappeared.  Tony wondered if he was about to be offed.  If so, they were doing him a favor.  He reached up and rubbed at the rash creeping up his neck.  He wondered if he should just let them shoot him or give a big show of fighting back.  There was no point, really.  He was on death row anyway and Steve had betrayed him.  He guessed he'd just let them shoot him and get it over with.
"The what?"
"I am
an omega," said Happy.
He could have gone after her, but instead he walked back into the motel room with a sigh, where Bucky was draped over the couch, helping the on-screen Steve and his cartoon dog look for clues.
bond, when it was just me and him. He's not like you and me. His emotions are cut off. I don't feel him. Sometimes I would...hear him, or think I did. But that could just be shell-shock. I don't know, Tony."
Steve pulled against the restraints but he appeared to be tied down into some sort of chair. "He is here with us."  The woman before him smiled, her eyes an insidious red. Steve's hair kept falling in front of his eyes and he couldn't see. That was funny. He didn't have long hair, did he?
"Maybe," Natasha hummed and she went quiet for a short while. "I'm so sorry Steve. I didn't know. Are you okay?"
"This isn't necessary," pleaded Steve, putting a hand on Tony's shoulder, trying to ground him.
Steve knew Tony had good aim even if the rest of his combat was currently more dubious. He pulled down his goggles. He was going to need them in a moment. "Aim for their legs," he told him in a whisper. Steve had to act quickly. Once they were in the cars they were screwed. Nick hadn't provided them with any kind of transport.
"You what?"
"...I... like the metal ones," ventured Tony carefully, aware he was treading on thin ice with this topic.  He squirmed a little, trying to find a comfortable position. Steve's body was hugging his knot so warmly, with such a snug, sweet sort of possessiveness that Tony was thinking about going again in a bit.  "...I like the... way they look and stuff. ...if you don't like them 'cause they're cold we can just get you a nice lining. I mean--" Tony fumbled over his words. "I mean, if you wanted. Just for us, I mean, in the-- the bedroom, not like-- not like I'd ever ask you to wear something like that in public.  I mean, if you want to, if you-- like that, but you don't have to, obviously, I was just... letting you know."
His grip on Steve's neck loosened as both of them went limp.  "Fuuuuuuh," mumbled Tony inarticulately against Steve's neck.  The ridges of the original bite brushed his lips and his whole body shivered; his flaccid penis twitched weakly inside of Steve.  He had a brief, wonderful flashback of Steve kneeling, of himself circling, of that first wonderful bite and how he'd shoved himself into Steve and claimed him.  His knot was still swollen, but he didn't care, he didn't want to pull out anyway.
!" barked Sam.
Tony tossed the newspaper aside.  "I gotta work on the suit," he announced, standing.  "Don't bug me."
"He touched the gland."  Tony's stomach twisted. "...that
picked the fight. Gideon's been instigating fights with me since Day One.  He's a statusist, sir; he doesn't like me because I'm an omega, but I can't help that. And I didn't fight anyone!  All I did was tell a bunch of teenagers that they didn't
Tony sat up and eyed Steve's outfit on the bed.  His goatee twitched a little. "You're gonna look
Tony stared at his teacup and wondered if he might be able to drown himself in it.  He had not realized such photos of him even existed.
"Oh.  They're okay.  I, uh... SHIELD gave me a new assignment so I'm back in the field.  And, thank God, I've got my hearing aid back. Actually, funny thing, it's an old assignment.  You remember how I was put on guard duty for Project PEGASUS, out in Mojave? Yeah, I'm doing that again.  It's okay. Two weeks on and then four days off, shift work, so I'm getting some time with the kids. They haven't reassigned Nat yet... they're kind of harder on her than me, you know, since she's
Tony nuzzled Steve's chest, letting the words wash over him.  It wasn't so much the words as the tone.
"I'm--" Steve let out a choked sound at the wet touch of Tony's mouth and a hand flew back to grip the edge of a work bench instinctively. "--f-fine."
"Hi, Rhodey. It's Steve. Tony's here too." Steve ran a hand over his face as he spoke, feeling far too somber. "We need to ask favour."
Donner didn't even notice their dispute, hugging the baby to him as she suckled contentedly.
Tony closed his eyes floated placidly, soaking up the sun, sipping his beer.  "HEY, JARVIS!" he yelled.
Out of the blue, Maria's phone started ringing in her pocket.
Steve was looking a lot worse for the wear.  His neck and the back of his shirt was caked with dried blood, and his wrists had bruised up from where Tony had gripped him.  His uniform was filthy and even though he'd gotten a long nap, there were bags under his eyes.
"They have back up," Kate mattered and darted away from the window, smacking at the gun to try and get it working. She had it aimed at the Winter Soldier all the while. "Let him
a thief," Steve protested in a mutter, hands balling up into fists in his lap.
Tony swallowed.  He still didn't want to get his hopes up.  "Steve... I don't want people to know you have another Alpha, either.  I don't want people to see me as... you know.  A cuckold.  I've got a reputation to maintain, you know?  I don't want you to come out this week with me and then surprise everyone next week with Bucky or someone else.  I mean... no offense but so far you have a reputation for making abrupt announcements to the media.  I mean, coming out as omega- that was awesome. Seriously.  But I'm just saying-"  a pause.  "-I'm your Alpha.  You can tell me anything.  I want us to do this stuff together from now on.  I don't want any more secrets or surprises.  My heart can't handle it, Steve, and it's powered by a damn fusion reactor, so... so if you want to tell everyone, that's great, but I don't want any surprise announcements later that make me look bad, you know?  We're a pair and that means I stand for you and you stand for me, and... well, shit, Steve.  SHIELD's right, you're a troublemaker."
Steve considered Tony with a small smile.  He had always liked Tony in glasses. He didn't know why. Clint assured him it was a common thing to like so he didn't think too much about it. He moved to get back into bed. The sheets were warm and soft and the thought of staying in bed all day was a very tempting one. "Staying in bed sounds perfect, actually," he said softly and leaned back against the pillows as he watched Tony nurse his coffee like it was his lifeblood. He smiled. He wanted more memories like this.
Please note that we use the comic date of Tony's parents' death, which was March 15, 1986.  This does not change anything within the story and I don't know why the movies altered it in the first place. - T
"No.  You need to eat something."
"Fine," Steve said quickly.
"I pressed one and kept it. I kept it in the back of my sketchbook, for years," Steve murmured. "But I didn't take it to war with me and that was it. I don't know what happened to everything in our old place... I imagined other people just moved in eventually, when we didn't come home."
Tony did not take the opportunity to tell him to get out, so Steve, feeling a little bit emboldened, continued.  "I
Several police officers and counselors hurried over.
"I'd probably end up setting them on fire.  It's a common misconception that my moniker means I'm capable of ironing a shirt," said Tony breezily.
Tony leaned forward and licked the back of Steve's neck tenderly.  They were knotted; somewhere, Tony was sure, George Washington was probably rolling over in his grave.
"W-Wasn't...p-part of the plan..." Fury wheezed.
"I'm good too, thanks," Steve hummed and their waiter nodded, saying he'd return with the bill in a few minutes. Steve reached forward to squeeze Tony's fingers gently.
Tony shoved his hands into his pockets and, shoulder hunched up against the snow, made his way slowly back to the car.  He didn't look back.
, man, I'm not letting you put a chip in me!"
Several of them looked shocked that One would talk to him in such a manner.  A couple were nodding in agreement.
"I'm gonna go get dressed," said Tony grouchily. His morning routine was being rather messed up by DeSoto's presence and Steve seemed eager to leave.  "DeSoto, do you want to come down and hang out with the other omegas, or stay here?"
"Okay, look, if this is too much, just tell me to fuck off, okay?  The thing is, Steve is in heat and... the last time it was sort of a disaster.  He needs to take all these meds to keep from getting knocked up but both of us are so completely out of our minds that we can't really... follow the schedule very good."
"I don't think he's the one who made an ass of himself back there," said Pepper coldly.
Steve was very much caught off guard by Tony
Posted on July 4th at 6:32 am.
"What's in New York?"
Part of him, the part that was an Alpha and a man and a human, was aroused.  Wanted to lunge at Steve and bang him senseless right there on the floor.
"I'm-- I'm sorry.  I don't want to do this anymore," said Number One, sounding embarrassed.  He let out an awkward little cough, then edged off the stage gracelessly. The people in the crowd parted for him like the Red Sea for Moses; it was like he was suddenly toxic.  The people in the room mostly looked stricken, like he had just had a violent outburst. Some looked concerned, like he might be mentally ill or something.
Banksy dragged him and Dr. Gleason off easily; Tony waited until they were gone. "...I'm so glad Banksy's here."
Pietro was gone from Wanda's side in a flash and suddenly, Tony's nose was bleeding, his cry broken; his eyes widened in shock.
"...whew," said Tony awkwardly, squeezed between Steve and Beth, trying not to feel claustrophobic.  Tony didn't mind tight spaces, but he minded sharing them with other people. "...hi, Beth." Tony hadn't been kidding about her being a redhead.  Her dark red hair tumbled down to her elbows and gave her the look of a pin-up model. Her face was more angular than Pepper's, sharper and crueler, and she lacked Pepper's freckles, but otherwise, the two looked remarkably similar.  In between them and Natasha, Tony clearly had a preference for bossy red-heads.
Steve shook his head, smiling patronizingly.  "Oh, no, no... we weren't
Eric got a look of sympathy.  "...you don't know? He got Rex second-hand.  Richard's of the best omegecologists in the world, right up there with David Gleason--"  (Tony blinked.) "--and he was single. Everyone thought Richard was gonna send up with someone like Donner.  But instead he got Rex. Rex didn't present as an omega until he was a teenager. Got force-bonded, pregnant... got an abortion and his folks sent him to Pine Hills... you know.  He turned out all funny, that was before they figured out how to do arvicolinectomies correctly. ...take a peek at the guy's neck if you can. It looks like fuckin' corned beef hash.  Real sad. They won't even let him into the pen in the hospitality suite with the other omegas. Makes 'em too uncomfortable. The guy smells like burning tires. He's on a bunch of suppressants to try to neutralize it but it's still creepy as hell."
?" said Nate, shaking his hair out of his eyes a little bit.  "Like Nurse Feldmann said, I'm on bedrest 'til Thursday. Probably Friday," he added, sounding a bit hopeful.  "I'm not s'posed to walk or anything." Again, he sounded pretty pleased to be stuck in bed for a week. Tony supposed if he were fifteen or sixteen, he would feel similarly.
as good as
Okay... so, yeah. The car was kind of amazing. The engine trembled in the car's body just right and it almost made Steve's hands shake with excitement as he backed it up and then slowly guided it out of the garage. took a turn. He understood why Tony was so excited  now. Steve wanted to see how fast it could really go; he wanted to feel that rush. (He'd always been a bit of an adrenaline junkie.)  But he was cautious as he pulled out of the estate and turned onto the highway; Captain America couldn't be caught for speeding.
The chattering in the crowd died down as a man waltzed up to the lectern.  He had a heavy white beard and glasses and Tony nudged Steve. The guy was a total college professor stereotype.  Hell, if not for the glasses, he could have passed as Darwin himself.
"Sure, you don't have a safety net but the reason you don't is because of this stupid statusist Alphas-first-then-omegas culture, which you're feeding right into by putting yourselves up for sale! My brother sold himself like this because our parents wanted him to.  And he's fucking miserable. He hated his Alpha but dad told him, 'don't you dare come home' because it would have brought too much
Tony slipped out the back door, sliding the glass door closed.  It was already warm. California summers tended to be fairly unforgiving.
"I think you could have saved Raquelle thirty minutes if you were just going to wear a hat," said Jeanette, barely glancing up.  She was wearing a heavy headset and going through a last-minute check-list with one of the members of the sound crew.
"I don't remember. I--" Steve ran a hand over his face and took a minute. It was so hard to focus. To get his head to
Steve noticed Tony winced but didn’t comment on it.  He stored the concern away to check up on later.  “...most of us,” Steve agreed quietly.  “But not all of us.”  Certainly not in all countries.  Still.  It was nothing compared to the forties.  The forties had been hell, especially for someone as sickly as him.  Luckily, though, Steve had usually been too sick to even have heats.  His body just hadn’t had the energy.  And even then, when things got tough, he’d always had Bucky. But it wouldn’t do Steve any good to think of him now, a man seventy years dead.
"Give me the bottle."
Steve was sure the drink was helping, but he wasn't all that fond of Fred at the moment. The only person he could imagine keeping in contact with was Hal to be honest. He'd like to keep in touch with more of them but... aside from the conference, he wasn't really sure what he would ever have to talk about with these sorts of people.
"No.  You shouldn't have.  But we can't go back in time so let's focus on finding him," said Natasha brusquely.
Rogers, right?"
Natasha slipped a hand onto Clint's shoulder briefly. Maybe to reassure Clint, or maybe just to assure Tony she wasn't after Steve. She could be sweet when she wanted to be.
Steve felt a sense of satisfaction as he watched Tony lie down across the work table. He bit down on his bottom lip slowly and then moved to crawl over him. He ducked his head down to drag his teeth down he curve of Tony's jaw quite mercilessly, smirking against the skin as he felt an involuntary shudder in response. This was different, this shift in authority. Steve was enjoying it more than he expected to.
"Tony.  No one out there actually cares, you know.  St-- he made it very clear that there's only you.  Come on, you've had what, like thirty ex-girlfriends?  Weren't you engaged once for like forty-eight hours? You already knew he had an ex."
If this were a
"I can handle myself," said Pietro, arms crossing, leaning back against the railing.  Their room was on the second floor. Below them, the early March weather was slushy and wet.  It was cold out, but there was no privacy inside their motel room; they'd gone outside to argue about Bucky after seeing the clip on the news yet again.  Bucky was currently happily engaged with an episode of Blue's Clues, another show that he liked because it gave simple, clear instructions and ample praise for following them.
Tony lasted less than a minute.  He gave Steve a couple good, long thrusts and then came with a full-body shudder, his knot pressing against the inviting wetness of Steve's entrance.  He'd almost forgotten what the omega felt like, how different his body was. He nosed Steve's skin, his scent at once familiar and not quite right, remaining on top of him, still inside him.
"...I had no idea you knew so much about orchids," said Rhodes with a small smirk.
, and besides, you're an omega, you can't bond another omega, okay, it's physically imposs--
"I don't like snow," blurted Steve suddenly.  "I don't like cold.  I died in it once, you know."  His voice dropped to a whisper as his fingers became focused on the task at hand. He huffed in annoyance. "Natasha! Your box is broken!"
"Well, I've only known you, uh... what... thirty-six hours?  Because before that, you were undercover?" replied Tony with a hint of displeasure.  It still hurt.  Tony already had trust issues, and why shouldn't he; after Stane, who was like a father to him, has double-crossed him so badly?  Frankly, he should've be trusting Steve at all, after what he'd done.  But he had nothing to lose.  Until a day ago, he had been certain he was going to die.  So why not go out on a limb with Steve?  Wasn't that what second chances were for?
Steve's head shot down as Tony rolled over to him. Instantly, his mind was on his Alpha. He reached out to Tony, helping to tug him up so Tony's head rested against his thigh. He ran his hand through his mate's dark hair.
"You're still you, huh?"
"Hey, buddy," said Rhodey delicately when he walked into the lodge.  Pepper had clued him in to Tony's hideout.
So much confusion.  Two blond omegas. One was his friend, he thought, maybe; maybe both were; but wasn't one a target; he barely remembered his orders; fuck; everything had been so confusing lately, half-memories and almost-thoughts... he had been out of cry too long... this was Dr. Ludheim's fault, according to Karpov...
love a man in uniform?" mused Tony, grinning ear-to-ear.  He looked back toward the stage. Taylor Swift was handing Steve a microphone.  "Oo, are we doing karaoke? Rhodey, you wanna do
"Hi, Steve.  Congratulations," she said breezily, as if it weren't especially surprising that her neighbor was Captain America and that he was being flirted with in a garage by a rather disheveled-looking weapons designer.
Steve... Steve, he's schooling me from beyond the grave... this is it, this is what he wanted me to do!  This is what the arc reactor was supposed to run on!  This thing!"
The Alphas in the crowd looked horrified, but they were apparently letting it happen, because their anger was now forced on Steve and Tony. Gene was looking at Steve like he was only just seeing him for the first time. The auction was no longer going on in the background. The remaining seven omegas were bunched together.
He let them haul him to his feet.
The gun turned from Fury to Steve and there was a bang; Steve felt the stinging heat of the bullet on his thigh and realized that they were not shooting to kill.  At least, not him.
He took Tony's hand and lead him over to the bar. He got him a glass of water and put it in his hand and told him: "Drink it."
. A side of him Tony had never seen because that wall of professionalism had been up around him 24/7. "And if you can't work out who I am then maybe you aren't quite as clever as you think you are. Because I barely even changed my goddamn name.  I mean, come on... Stan Rogers?  And no-- I wasn't four different guys running around with a shield. It was just little ol' me and I've been frozen in the sea for the past 70 years.  I came back and I was assigned to follow you, to access your suitability for the Avengers Initiative--"
"No one authorized it.  It's just a gift."
Tony was still feeling pretty confident when he was led down the tile-lined, florescent-lit hallway toward the simulation room.  He spotted Steve, Natasha, and a third guy; he waved.  "Hey, folks," he said cheerily.  "Stevie, can I get some sugar for good luck?"
"But you're a
This was yet another thing Steve wasn't happy about.  Aside from drinking, Tony employed an elaborate method of self-medication that was probably not very healthy.  When he was stressed, he took pills to sleep because it was the only way to prevent himself from having nightmares.  Steve had nightmares, too, sometimes, but pills didn't work on him. Nothing did, really. But even if they had, Tony knew Steve was the kind of guy who'd stick it out.  Deal with it. Tony wasn't like that. Why do things the hard way? One of the things he loved about robotics was automating difficult tasks.
"Mr. Stark...?" asked Maria.
"...my neck hurts.  Equality sucks," mumbled Tony miserably.  "I know I'm not supposed to care about dominance, but I do, Steve.  I'm sorry. ...that Jameson guy, holy shit, that guy was like the most dominant Alpha I've ever met... at least since Obie..."  He paused and smiled against Steve's neck. "I wanna see him and Maggie go head-to-head..."
"They wouldn't have done it without you there though," she insisted. "Is he good to go?"
"So, Steve, part of your reason for coming here was to talk about being an omega.  Tell me, how different do you find attitudes towards omegas now to back in the forties?"
"Bonding.  It seems really intense."
The moment the jet was on the group and the back hatch was opened, they were swarmed with a team in SWAT gear holding loaded weapons, plus EMTs, plus, perhaps more frightening than either, Director Fury.  Trailing behind him was Maria Hill, Vice President Rodriguez, and a woman from the World Security Council.
would be an issue, but he guessed it was. He didn't know how he was going to get through to all the omegas in the pen today - the ones up for auction - he could only hope that because they weren't bonded they stood more of a chance of hearing his message. Maybe Steve had to more honest with them. DeSoto had asked about Bucky, but Steve hadn't really told him anything. DeSoto laid to bare everything, even getting shot. Steve could still be more up front with the omegas here... even with the shadow of SHIELD confidentiality hanging over him.
Tony looked around in a panic.  What the hell? Was fate testing him?  He’d just had a talk about monogamy with Pepper and then with Steve and suddenly two giggly attractive Morgans were closing in on him.
Even from himself.
Steve blinked. "A party?"
"Rhodey, can you do me a favor?" asked Tony, eyes gleaming.  "Y'know Senator Stern...?"
The peanut butter was cloying and thick in his mouth. He didn't like it.
the backwards one for not wanting my omega to be shot at by Nazis?"
.  But they hadn't been laughing at him, no.  Clearly, they pitied him, and that was far, far worse.
"Oh my God..." moaned Natasha, putting a hand over her face.
He nuzzled Steve's hair, breathing in his smell, pressing into him, clinging to his hand.  He could feel Steve's heart pounding in his chest. He remembered when that heart used to flutter, when that chest used to be nothing more than skin stretched over bone.  And yet how brave, how assertive his sick, weak little omega had been. Gutsy, full of bravado, even though the odds were always stacked against him.
Steve looked up when Happy and Tony made it into the bedroom, Happy holding two water bottles under his arm. "Make sure you both drink one before you go to bed," he said, sounding far too cheery for a sober man at three in the morning.
He wanted to offer the omega more but he had nothing else to give.
"Yeah. Yeah. I can walk," Steve nodded but he wobbled a little when he was set down. He gripped Tony's metal arm tightly, nails digging into metal. The leg that had been hit by the dart throbbed especially. The whole of his body just felt achy, like Steve was coming out the other side of a bad flu, or something. "Thanks Nat. And tell Sam too. Keep us updated."
Sitwell breezed in with a phone pressed to his ear.  "The Department of Defense is on the phone and we absolutely cannot allow this party.  Just because Tony is friends with Colonel Rhodes doesn't mean he can--"
Phil took the tumbler from Natasha and tossed the cold liquid over the pair.
The omegas and betas looked sheepish all of a sudden. A dark-haired man reached out a hand for Tony to help him up. "Sorry," he said awkwardly. "We thought--"
The song ended and the music went back to the poppy stuff it had been before. A few of the omegas in the crowd jumped up onto a table to dance.
Wanda stared at him.  "...yes but... you learn when you make the wrong choice," she pointed out.  "Today, you learned you don't like Greek yogurt. Now, when someone offers you Greek yogurt, you can say,
A moment later a women in a white uniform bustled out.  She stopped short. "What on
"...I know," said Natasha, her tone softer, and more gentle.  "...you sap," she added, with a brittle laugh.
"What the heck's wrong with you?  Are you faking or something?" asked Tony.  Clearly, his gland had been cut out a while ago and already healed.
No.  That wasn't true.  He cared about Steve.  He cared a lot.
And Steve knew that Fury wasn't just talking about Los Angeles.
When he came back, he'd had to wait three months for the results of an HIV test (blessedly negative).  But he'd waited longer to jump back into sex.  He made the excuse that it was because he was too busy being Iron Man.  But that wasn't it.  It was because his experiences had changed him.
“Aw,” said Steve, frowning.
"Can you turn him off?  He's been creeping us out all morning," said Rhodey.
"Since forever, I think," Steve said softly. "Or maybe an Alpha did it to him in the past. M'not sure," he admitted.  "For a long time, though."
"I don't want to be one of those clinging, over-controlling Alphas who needs to know where Steve is twenty-four seven," explained Tony.  "...maybe he got called away on a mission or something. ...lemme just check with Phil." He called Phil. "Hey, Phil, by any chance, is Steve... is he like, on a classified mission?"
"I mean, it's not like we're going to say people should have abortions...we just want to give them the option," Steve said, keeping his voice calm. "Whether people want to keep it up, or consider adoption...that's their choice and we want to support them through it out. The important thing is people making the right choice for them."
Steve had woken up in a desert. He was in his old uniform, still crumpled from sea water and frost - although the latter was quickly melting away. How the hell did he end up here? He'd drowned, hadn't he? Had God done this? Had he been saved?  He'd certainly been prayed at the end, as the cockpit filled with water.
"Awesome. You guys alright? Is this your better half, Steve?"
Steve smiled a little. "Mine too."
," insisted Pepper firmly.
. He soon went slack against him as he fell asleep. For some reason crying made Steve tired.
"Whilst I might not completely understand just what happened," Steve whispered. "I'm glad it did," he said and then sadly stepped back, a softness in his eyes. "Just...promise you'll come back okay? I'm not being another notch on Tony Stark's bedpost." His voice was teasing, but there was a serious look on his face. "Over my dead boy," he tried to joke.
"...this is gonna take a while," said Tony, angling his chin this way and that as he shaved.
"You like Stark?"
choice.  How much choice do any of them have, really?  Look at him and Stark, rutting on the floor like a pair of dogs.  Look at Coulson. I like Coulson, I do. But in heat he's... not himself.  They never are."
Sam sighed. "He is one of the most dominant Alphas I've been around in a while."
He got out of bed and began doing push-ups.  Might as well work out until it went away. He sure as hell wasn't going to sleep anytime soon.
He shouldered through the crowd; someone handed him a scotch and he accepted it gratefully.  He found Steve outside on the pool deck.  The pool was backlit with blue lights and the water made the glow shift.  It reminded Tony of his arc reactor.  Right on cue, he felt a pang in his chest, and he hissed, waiting for it to pass.
"Oh, I agree, I think it's unhealthy for them to have more than one.  Too many mixed signals about who to obey, you know? But Rogers was always all about defying social norms.  You look at his record and even in the forties he was a loose cannon, like the whole liberation of-- are you
"Hi, guys," called Tony.  "Natasha!  How's my second-favorite redhead?  ...didja send us an orchid yet?"
"Yes, Captain, you've made your concerns clean."
" Steve was saying.  His tone was hard, sharp. Not at all what Tony was used to.
"...yeah."
"These are
Steve laughed quietly, almost shyly and ducked his head down. "Sorry. I didn't mean to give you a full speech. But I'm glad you're staying for the day. I wanna spend time with you."
"Fury was fairly clear that he'd like a second simulation run," said Richards.
omega?!  Steve was
"  Tony went back to nosing Steve, clinging to him, mumbling words of comfort.
"Okay. Sorry. You feel as bad as you need to," Steve breathed, his stomach doing flips when Tony said he loved him again.
"Well," said Banksy, still stifling giggles, "if you're on vacation or in heat, just let me know and me and the others in Status Alliance are happy to help make sure Project 84 runs smoothly.  We're gonna get 'em, Stevie." He gave Steve's hand another squeeze, then got to his feet to wobble back to the kitchen.
Buck blinked.  Wait a second.  Who the fuck was Pepper?  And why couldn't he even remember his own omega's name?  What the fuck.
"Suit up?" He echoed, eyes widened. "Tony- are we going to fight? Are we under attack?" Steve asked, already reaching to grab his phone from his back pocket. It was a good thing he had Natasha on speed dial.
Tony slumped down a little in his squirrel onesie, feeling uneasy and self-conscious, perhaps even moreso because he knew Steve could feel it.
"I'm sorry," Pepper frowned. "Have we met?"
"Hey there, Stephanie. Just take a seat for me..." Steve remembered her name. Another ex. She was very drunk, bless her. He carefully lead her down into one of the sofas to take a seat and looked over at Rhodey and offered him a nod as the other disappeared after Tony.
"Tony--" she began wearily.
"Excuse me... your
"Yes. Like a holiday. You take him somewhere special and you go visit tourist attractions and go to an over priced hotel. Come on Steve, there's so much of the world you haven't seen."
"I'm timing your contractions and you're almost ready for the big push, okay?  You're doing great."
Clint rolled his eyes.  "They said,
Steve looked like he was about to cry. In fact, he was. His mind drifted back to Bucky trying to pin him down in the cage and to that heavy weight of the metal arm pressing down against his neck, threatening to cut off his breathing. Even if Tony was never in the picture Steve didn't know if you could have sex with someone after something like that. How could you not think of that every time they touched you?
"My car needs washed.  Go do it," said Malick.
He needed to talk to another Alpha about how he was feeling.  The combination of possessiveness and hypersensitivity to smells and emotions was freaking him out.
He knew he should tell SHIELD but he didn't dare.  They'd take him out of the field.  What if this was just... a natural part of bonding?  Or an expected after-effect of the simulation SHIELD had put him through earlier?  Maybe he was just emotional and having bad dreams that would go away in a week.  No need to scare SHIELD yet.  Plus, he didn't want to seem like a weak, over-emotional omega.  He had to look stronger than that.  He was the Captain.
Steve's phone pinged across the table and he dragged it over. "Oh. Aria's got the response from the show, if you want it."
"You could have warned me..." she said to Tony in a low voice.
Steve cried out with a strength he hadn't known he possessed and lunged forward, his fingers sinking into the arc reactor like it was made of flesh. Maybe it was. He shuddered, feeling the man's heartbeat pulse around his hand. And then he wrenched his heart out of him- wires and blood.
"Still here, I've got three hostiles going due east from the main stage and another pack scoping Avenue F."
Tony woke up, sand covering and probably ruining his suit, which was worth about as much as a used sedan.
"No. I never saw the grave," Steve said softly, setting his phone down. "There were  a lot of graves waiting for me out there when I came back. Nothing really appealed to me about seeing them. All the Howling Commandos too... but I'd like to go see Howard's grave with you," he breathed. "The... Statue of Liberty? Sure. Why not? I guess I have to do all the tourist stuff too, eventually..."
Bethany was practically glaring daggers at Tony. "Of all the days to get drunk..."
Tony's eyes tried to focus and failed.  "--wh-what the f-fuck kind of p-parents tell you that m-monsters hide under beds?  They're s-supposed to tell you that there
"--and, without further ado, here's lot Number One!"  The room applauded and a young boy stepped forward with a nervous smile.  He scanned the crowd and his gaze fell on Steve. "Lot Number One," said Gail, "comes from Washington State, and graduated this year head of his class at--"
He was also, admittedly, a little nervous about seeing Peggy; it had been such a long, long time.  She had made an effort to reach out to him, after Afghanistan, but Tony had avoided her, feeling too embarrassed to talk to his dad's old pal, an Alpha female who was so much more powerful than him.  She'd tried to reach out after Obadiah's betrayal, too, but Tony had been too paranoid then. He doubted he'd ever completely shake that off.
"Steve," said Phil quietly.  Too quietly. "I'm not calling as an agent.  I'm calling as a friend. One of your omega friends."  There was a pause. "It's not easy for us, especially in this field.  I heard the news about Malick and I... I wanted to make sure you're okay, Steve."
George's brow furrowed but none of his upset showed through in his voice.  He let out a long, low whistle. "Alderdice, that's... that's that school up east, isn't it?  What the hell do they want with him? He ought to go to a home, not a school."
"Yes," Steve agreed. "But they still have a choice. The problem is, in heat, it's hard to make thought-out decisions, which is why you should really get consent
was normal and healthy and wonderful. Didn't Bucky know what he'd done? Couldn't be feel how shattered and withered Steve's self-esteem was? Maybe he didn't know it was because of him. Maybe it was easier for him to ignore it than acknowledge it. Maybe it would be easier for Steve too.  Dragging up old feelings wasn't important right now. They were fighting a war.
and you are
if you get a chance.  Christine wrote a great story about me.  ...did you happen to get acquainted with her, Tony?  She was something."
But Steve's grip was loose and Steve offered no resistance when Tony pulled his hands away; the soldier was kissing his lips and his jaw and Tony felt his body tightened a little around his member, and he felt a confusing mix of delight paired with panic.  His hips twitched involuntarily up into Steve, wanting to drive his knot into him.
Rumlow, two of Rumlow's men, the colonel, Tony, Donner, Mackenzie, and two sergeants had all walked through the base and into the main headquarters, taking a flight of stairs into a very normal-looking office-style hallway where they actually passed a cluster of cubicles and a man in a military uniform banging on a copy machine.
"...why...why do you feel so responsible for me?" he asked in a whisper.
"I think I'm gonna go sleep," Steve said quietly as he stood, a strange...hollow feeling lingering in his chest. "I just had a flashback, that's all."
Steve spotted him; now,  the group of three Alphas had two omegas in tow. One was a brunette woman, the other a blond man. He looked tall for an omega, filled out and actually... quite a bit like Steve. He didn't have the insane muscle mass, or the jawline, but he clearly took care of himself. He saw Gideon put his arm around the man's shoulders. It could have been an entirely friendly gesture; it was hard to tell.  Somehow Steve doubted Gideon was casually friendly with omegas, though.
Tony stared in alarm, but Steve looked confused, not murderous.
"Jarv, any news?" he called, sitting back and rubbing his eyes.  In front of him was a boot, cracked open to reveal a series of pistons and wires.  Tony was holding a sautering iron. This was only a prototype, not one he planned to wear, but one he needed to make sure fit with another piece.
She gave Steve an unapologetic look.
Besides, he
He couldn't talk about any of this with Tony. Not with anyone really. But Steve's heart ached for Bucky. He wasn't afraid of him. He'd known him for over twenty-three years; how could anyone else compete on that sort of level?  Only Bucky had ever really truly understood him; Bucky had loved him before the serum, and Steve had loved him back.
He wished he could speed it up, but there were hundreds of interlocking components to be placed, adjusting, snapped, bolted--
"Wait a second.  Pep... do you
Tony slipped in front of Steve and caught his eye.  "Steve. I love you," he said, earnestly. "Really. I mean it.  I'm trying to be better for you. And, you know, considering you had that girl sitting on your lap and pulling your shirt open, maybe we should just call it even, huh?  ...let's start over, let's get drunk and take each other home." His voice softened. "C'mon. You're my omega, Steve."
Obadiah had once said to him that the company was their family, and that made sense to Tony.
"This is for Steve's benefit.  He's missed a lot," said Tony gravely.
"Excited to meet your baby, eh?  That's fantastic." Richard seemed unflappable.  He didn't comment on Steve's preheat or puffy eyes, nor Tony bristling with aggression, nor anything else.  He also didn't ask any more questions about Gideon but make pleasant conversation with Donner as he got them into a room, offering Donner a hospital gown and talking him through what to expect.  Donner listened attentively, wincing occasionally.
Goddammit.
He reached out and put a hand on back of Steve's neck.  "...yeah. I know," he muttered. He gave Steve a pat, then sat back down on the couch, reaching for his whiskey.  He stared at the amber liquid in the glass, then over at Steve, who was still practically groveling.
"Yeah," said Steve.  "...they'll wait."  He normally didn't like to keep people waiting.  But considering that they had stopped by unannounced and he had just been mating with his Alpha, he couldn't feel too bad.  It was an inconvenient time and their own fault for not calling ahead.
"Oh, boy, geez, yeah.  We went to school together," said Tony.
"Okay, okay, take thirty-three.  Is that boom mic out of the shot?  Great.  We're still rolling?  Great."  Howard cleared his throat.  "Everything is achievable through technology. Better living, robust health, and for the first time in human history, the possibility of world peace. So, from all of us here at Stark Industries, I would like to personally introduce you to the City of Tomorrow."  A pause.  "Fuck.  Future.  City of the... Tomorrow?  Future.  Cut."
Tony hated to admit that Malick was probably right.  Yemen was a matter of international treaties that had been violated and frankly didn't have anything to do with omega rights.
was pretty unambiguous.  Was that why the program had glitched out, dumped the assassin into Steve's head?  Because Steve had some old wart trauma they were just now finding out about?
He smelled like comfort.  Like home.  He wanted to run to him.  It made sense, that Death personified would have such a smell.
Then he heard it. A kid's voice. "Mom! Mom look!  Captain America!"
He was halfway through the kombucha before he felt like he was ready.  He picked his way, barefoot, over the messy front room, wincing when his foot hit a piece of jagged concrete.  "Jarv, any word on those contractors?  This place is a disaster," called Tony.
If they thought a single bullet wound would stop Steve from fighting back, then they were going to be sorely disappointed. The pain, if anything dragged him back to the present. His vision was spinning a little but he still had his strength. Being shot also made Steve pretty annoyed- there was really no need for that.
Tony's teeth gritted.  He wondered if Eric knew what Gene did.  "I'd like to meet him. Ron told me all sorts of nice things."  It was hard to say it without sounding sarcastic, but Tony managed, and Eric nodded.
He tried to stand, remembered his foot, and instead stuck out an impatient hand.  "Coffee," he commanded.  "...are you
He forwarded the file to two different people. First, he sent it to Phil.
It had been a fragile and delicate moment. The minute Bucky had called him up. But when Tony had started to complaining to Pepper about Happy everything had broken down in Steve's mind. And instead of everything being confusing and complicated it had all suddenly become very clear.
Tony grunted from their bed. He'd been up late in his workshop. Steve walked over to kiss his forehead. "It's okay," he whispered. "You don't have to get up."
"What's Alphas' United?" asked Tony.
"Yup," said George, wiping his face with a cloth napkin.  "Want to go to Banksy's party tonight, Donner?"
Simple orders.
He turned off his acetylene torch and flipped up his mask, wiping the sweat off his forehead with his arm.  He looked over.
"There's coke in the house?!" Steve looked mildly horrified. He was mildly stunned and Tony easily slipped out of his grip.
The Winter Soldier seemed to shake out of his daze.  "...wait!" he called, pressing against the cage door.
"...yeah," said Tony quietly, firmly, nodding.  "You're right.  Not Bucky.  I'm gonna go upstairs now.  ...Pepper, don't tell anyone, okay?"
"I don't want him, Tony, he's
"Okay," said Pepper quickly.  Normally she would have argued the point, but Tony hadn't eaten anything in thirty-six hours.  She slipped out of the bedroom and texted Aria to update her.
"The Y.  The YMCA.  ...this will be like... my fifth time in a pool in my lifetime, Tony."
Also he felt like a fucking idiot for not being able to tell they were pair-bonded.  Although, in his defense, before puberty, you just didn't notice that stuff, and Tony's father had died when he was sixteen, so he could be forgiven for not noticing that the guy was bonded.
"I'm...working on something. But I can't promise you results, Captain; you're one of a kind. The only way to find out if it works is to... do it, or take it. So to speak. SHIELD actually approached me, offered me resources to find a solution."
"One more word and I will start breaking off fingers," hissed Natasha.
Steve only promised her so he actually wouldn't. He'd felt so bad about lying to Peggy before. He couldn't do it again.
He played with the window.
"I'm okay," Steve repeated. "I'm fine."
"Okay, thanks, bye!" called Tony, slamming the door of the car.
Tony looked from Natasha to Steve, not really following.  His thoughts were racing, distracted.  There hadn't been time to trace the call but it was clearly a threat... there was no mistaking that for anything else... should he mention this to someone?  But what would he even say?  He had no evidence that Ivan was alive; everyone said he'd been killed in a prison riot.  They had found a body.  Even if they did believe Tony, then what?  Ivan's threat had been vague.  He'd given no details.  Simply promised to attack Tony again.  Except that, unlike in Monaco, Tony now had Steve.  The thought of Steve getting hurt after Tony fucking told the guy how to make a better arc reactor... a better weapon... God, he'd been so stupid...
"I can teach you where the scent glands are."
"Well, that's great, because me and Steve were actually planning to go to Limehouse right now, instead of going back to our room for some mind-blowing anniversary sex," said Tony sarcastically.
"Jasper.  If you could close your
"It's a shame we couldn't have done with this with Stark directly."
"Apparently," said Tony.  "He won't shut up about it."
"What the hell kind of question--
Boswell waved a tired hand at them; Donner glanced up and his eyes got even wider.  "Boswell Mackabee," he mouthed, not managing to even make any noise.
"Oh, I'm sure you'll find a way to keep yourself entertained," said Fury, rising.  "Mackenzie, with me. Brazinski, Sitwell, you stay here. Wilson, Coulson... up to you if you want to stay, too."
And then, just like that, there was someone in front of Steve and he slammed into them and the two went sprawling across the rooftop, sliding several feet in the snow.  Someone was swearing, loudly, in Russian. "Oh, fuck, I think he broke my arm!"
"You're that special," Steve assured Banksy, a smile tugging at his lips as Banksy squeezed his arm in delight.
"If you get a moment alone let him know you're there to get him out. He'll probably be a lot more enthusiastic if he knows he's being rescued."
With that, she turned and practically ran out of the room.
"A touching story," said Pierce.  "...and surprising, that you weren't already bonded, Captain.  Considering the era you grew up in."
"They're not Luke Cage, you moron, if you hit them in the head, they'll die just like any other person!"
"Of course! It makes sense. They won't be using them for the screwed up stuff every day. They need 'jobs' here and they need someone to run house. They're in the kitchens, Tony. It's why everything looks so normal on the surface. They're just staff, like everyone else!"
Steve picked him up in his arms with a grunt of effort.  "You can yell at me for defying your orders later, sir!" he managed.
"Yes," Wendy said, appearing at his left and reaching for something with avocado in it. "Don't they force-feed them alcohol, or something? It's not very pretty."
"You're not getting naked," Aria told him flatly.
" said Sam.
Oh my God!  You're the actress who was in Curious Co-Eds 8 with Stella Starr!"
.  He frowned.  This wasn't about him; this was about Steve.  He'd feel like an ass if he went to a support group;
Tony had never seen an omega in heat, not directly, and he wondered how bad it was.
He was soon let out quiet little whines as Tony rubbed against him, his hole twitching as Steve wasn't given what he wanted. The brush of teeth against his neck made him shiver. He moaned softly and nodded, taking a moment to actually register what Tony had said. He was trembling a little in anticipation.
"Are you kidding me?  I'm doing great!" said Tony, shooting down his driveway and narrowly missing a palm tree.  "...but if it would make you feel better, go for it."
He hadn't come close to finishing what Steve had brought him but he had lost him appetite.
Beside him was a women in a gold-and-pearl collar who was in the middle of a story; she broke off when she spotted Steve and her eyes narrowed suspiciously.  She edged away a little, as if Steve were carrying something contagious.
Tony had to have him.  He ached for him.  Steve's smell had some intrinsic property that no smell ever had before, something that triggered an unidentifiable emotion in Tony.  It was the emotion you felt when you suddenly found the puzzle piece you were looking for and clicked it into place.  It was the emotion Tony got when he walked into his shop late at night and inhaled the smell of oil and grease and gasoline and suddenly knew, in an instant, how to solve a complex problem he'd been working on all week.  It was the emotion you got when you were anticipating a good meal and suddenly spotted the waiter bringing your food.  It was something that was by no means rare but was nonetheless treasured, special: the first snowflake of the season.  The sound of rain on the windowpanes.  The feeling of ocean air coursing through Tony's hair on a coastal drive with the top down.  It was at once familiar and breathtaking.
"Usually about twice a year, three to seven days, averaging five, and, yes, we cycle together.  Tony, I have to go, it's doing something weird again."
Aria, though, had also been in the dark.
They ended up seeing the video.  Everyone had, really; it played over and over on the news and with their frequent visits to bus terminals and complimentary continental breakfasts at seedy motels, they couldn't easily avoid it.
"Hi there," he said.  "...don't try to get up, you're probably still woozy.  Everything is fine. There's some SHIELD agents downstairs for your protection, but no one's going to interrupt you and Tony.  You're both fine. Gleason sedated you. There was a very small attack but it was neutralized. No one was hurt and everything's okay."
Steve sighed.
He brushed his fingers idly through his mate's hair.  Nothing they could do now, anyway.
Steve wasn't sure he much liked this. He'd never liked being stared at- when he was small or big.  After being given the serum, he'd been offered to "work for the army," and he'd jumped on the opportunity despite everyone protesting loudly that they wanted to run tests on him and keep him back home.  But that sort of egg-headed lab stuff wasn't going to win the war.  Steve wanted to go out and fight, not be stared and poked at.
"Hi, Tony," called Pepper's voice through the shop.  "I didn't see you yesterday at the hospital, are you okay?"
He wanted to stay mad at Steve, he really did.  But Steve's deference caught him off-guard, numbed him, and then feeling that sweet mouth moving between his legs, teasing him through the fabric...
"Steve, I don't care if you're a virgin or not.  That's not what it's about.  I don't care if you've had a dozen dicks in you-" began Tony.
He swallowed. His heart sank in his chest. Was he really going to send Bucky away from him?  After thinking he was lost and then rediscovering him decades later?
"They're usually come from semi-affluent families. Friend of a friend type of deal. None of the Alphas here would usually put their kid or direct relative into this kind of auction. It's unpredictable, what kind of Alpha you might end up with.  Anyway everyone here has money so if their kid came out as a breeder they could just send them to a conversion camp.  The zeros who are here are usually here 'cause someone knew someone.  You know?"
Natasha broke the quiet. "So cause a black out, then what?"
Steve ended up with his face pressed against the crook of Tony's shoulder, peeking out over the fabric of his shirt. " 'm not freaking out," he mumbled. "Don't know what you're talking about. I'm the the United States Army, you know. It takes more than this to scare me." But Steve couldn't deny he was a little creeped out.
When Steve had rinsed him, he glanced down to click his arc reactor out of the base plate, curious to see how it was holding up.
"You know, I think you were supposed to be getting dressed. And I'm not supposed to end up getting
"Bet he is."
"I don't think Thor is a project Tony," Steve said, eyes narrowing as he read through the lines as they appeared. "I think it's a person."
He bit on Steve's neck and shoulders, trying to find a new way to mate him, but the most comfortable position always ended up being a bite over what remained over the original mark, and eventually he stopped trying to find new places to bite, simply re-marking Steve every night, spitting out the bitter taste whenever he broke the skin.
"I'm going to swab inside your mouth first.  Then between your legs," said Phil, with his usual professional attitude.  Clint's hand was still resting lightly, gently, on Steve's bare leg. "I'm going to comb through your hair-- all of it-- and scrape under your fingernails.  We'll have the lab process it and we should be able to figure out... if anything happened." A pause.
Christine looked alarmed.  "No. Are you propositioning me?"
Steve frowned when he heard the breathing. There was something oddly sinister about it.  "Nat, are you okay?"
"...get Rhodey a beer."  Tony cast a longing look over his shoulder at the painting, then turned his attention back to Steve.  He grinned at him, remembering fondly the arc reactor set into the wall, the elaborate shadows sketched around it.  It was bold and sharp, ghostly but warm.  It was in some ways a sort of modern portrait and Tony felt a pang of affection; he felt the suddenly and overwhelming need to touch Steve.
"I don't!"
Louis smiled patiently.  "Okay, let's start over. I'm sitting here with Captain Steve Rogers, better known as Captain America, in the Malibu home he shares with his mate, engineer Tony Stark.  Steve, thank you for giving us access to you at this rather special time. You're in pre-heat right now, correct? What sort of myths--"
Steve had mentioned he'd been here once before, during the Roosevelt years.  Tony doubted much had changed.  The White House was a living museum and all the furniture had an antiquated look around it.  Also, politics always catered to the more conservative class; trios were far more common in DC than in LA.  Politicians were usually Alphas or betas, and they paired up with other Alphas and betas.  But certainly Alphas would also bond to one (or sometimes two) omegas, who would live in the shadows as PAs or permanent interns.  In this regard, having a butler who was an Alpha was actually pretty progressive of Ellis.  But now that Tony was aware of how omegas were treated, he couldn't help noticing that most of the servers were omegas.
"Just the front room," said Tony humbly.  "Can I get a black-and-tan?"
"No idea," said Pepper.
With the dishes taken care of, they left the cabin together.  In between the scattered pines was a helicopter, smaller than ones Steve'd been in before. It said something about Natasha's piloting skills that she had landed the bird in such a small area.
Steve had bitten into his left palm hard and made it bleed. Across the span of one cell wall he'd smeared blood across the glass in clear letting:
coming!"
Steve pulled back into the bedroom, the tension unbearable.
"I can come with, when you go see T'Challa...if you want," he suggested tentatively.  It was blatantly obvious at this point that Tony was not dealing with the news of Wakanda well.
"I... I don't wanna. It's embarrassing."
"I knew he was a fan, but wow," said Tony, shaking his head.  His hands caressed Steve's inner thigh, brushing the bulge between his legs.  The outfit left very, very little to the imagination; it was designed to show up the "super soldier," after all.  And to sell war bonds.  And nothing quite sold like sex.
"Eh... well... the thing is... yeah, maybe just... don't close any doors permanently," said Clint lamely, who was trying to wolf down the rest of his cookies in a hurry.  His break was nearly over. "Steve's still practically a kid... like I said, you could always get a donor, or a surrogate, or freeze your sperm or something, I don't know.  Just don't..."
"He's super tall," Cooper said, staring at Steve with a giddy expression on his face, still signing what he was saying.
Wanda hummed.  At times her brother could be dark.  "I heard there's a school in the east for... people like me," she offered tentatively.
"Let me guess.  You guys have some stupid omega names that match, like... like Mercedes and Ben, or Pollux and Castor, or Romulus and--"
Steve practically jumped, his eyes flying open. It was Dani. She had a hand on his shoulder and was smiling down at him politely. He stared back dumbly.
Steve laughed a little awkwardly. "Sometimes."
He'd thought they'd fixed it.
"...and people say nerds can't be romantic," said Tony, observing the heart.  "That's the
Tony grinned back at her.  "Listen, babe, go get me another drink before Rogers gets off the phone.  Make it a double.  ...he's not crazy about how much I drink."
Tony felt like he was having a heart attack and considered that this might, finally, be it.  This might be the moment of his death.
Banksy hopped off Boswell's lap and grabbed Pepper, dipping her and kissing her.
"He wouldn't do that," Steve said, voice firmer than before. And the subject was immediately dropped by the girls.
How the hell had Steve managed to get through World War Two and still look better than him?  Younger, with less stress lines, less scars, less problems?  The world was hilariously unfair and unpredictable sometimes.
Tony's goatee twitched and his smile widened.  "I have that effect on a lot of people... being a charming asshole," he said, bringing Steve's hand up his hand to nuzzle it.
Pietro was staring at the writing on the wall, his face a mask.
"...I still wish you hadn't gone to him."
Tony leaned back against Steve's broad chest, tilting his head back onto Steve's shoulder.  "I could sleep next to you while you're drawing," he pointed out crankily.  "Is there coffee?  I need a cup of- Steve, if you comment on every omega hate crime, you're gonna be swamped.  It's not like Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. commented on every single racial hate crime, or... or... who's a famous feminist?  I'm blanking.  ...wow, Pepper would be so mad.  Anyways, my point is, Steve... don't over-stretch yourself.  I wanna be able to have some time with you, too."  He turned his head to kiss Steve's neck, inhale his scent.  His body quivered with warmth, a combination of love and alcohol.
"This dress is Versace! You ruined it!"
Back before Afghanistan-- pre-Iron Man-- Tony had dabbled in playful power dynamics.  He liked strong women, liked them to order him around, to be teased and tied up and maybe even smacked around a little.  But the whole thing had lost its luster after his experience overseas.
Jed opened her mouth, about to protest. Steve patted her arm. "Just leave it. I think they've been confused enough already."
Dr. Brennan smiled.  "You're awake and, I have to say, looking much better."  She glanced at Tony, snuggled up in Steve's bed, arms around his pillow.  "...I hope he didn't kick you out of your own bed. How do you feel this morning?"
Rhodey took a moment to pick up. "Hello?"
I've read the news. Has Tony snapped over the last Bucky fiasco, or what?"
He got out of the car to stretch.  He wasn't sure where he was. There was a dark house in front of him; he knew, automatically, that's where Steve was.  He lit a cigarette, smoked it, and then crushed it beneath the toe of his shoe before climbing the stairs to the house.
They weren't done talking about this.  Not by a long shot. Both of them had about a million issues they needed to work through.  But for now, at least, they were done, and... stable-ish. And even if they weren't, Tony didn't care, because his mind was numb with arousal and his cock was twitching at the hint of Steve's mouth.
"Not if I kill him first!"
Tony woke up in a daze.  The car was parked by an airport hangar and they were sitting on the tarmac.  It was night and there were lights on, blues and yellows, and whites, and reds, lighting up the taxiways.  It was pretty.
Tony reached under the table and set a hand on Steve's thigh.  He glanced over proudly. Steve was a strong omega and Tony felt a tug of pride at T'Chaka's subtle compliment.
Tony nosed Steve's hair, kissed the top of his head.  He knew Steve had already forgiven him but Tony didn't ask for that forgiveness because he didn't deserve it.
As much as Steve was freaking out, so was Tony.  He felt responsible, too. Donner looked just like Steve and picturing Donner being handed off to Bennett was as bad as picturing Steve himself.
Fury squirmed.  "Hey, man, this coat is leather, don't cry on it."
, he admonished himself mentally.
"Boys," Natasha cut in. "
"Richard's quite the character," Steve offered and Rex almost smiled.
"Sure, why not... who'm I making this out to..."
"I'd love to come tour it sometime, considering I'm the one who drafted half the designs," said Tony.
They had to swing by the hospital on the way to the airport; Trickshot was waiting for them in a wheelchair in the lobby, chatting animatedly with a nurse.  His face broke into a grin when he saw Steve.
. He wants me dead. I know there's an association...but I can tell the difference between Bucky and a guy who's trying to kill me."
"You're just upset that I dumped you ten years ago," said Tony, glaring at her, sidling up to Steve and slinging an arm around him.
The important thing was that they were together
Rhodey twisted a little, trying to get up from the wreckage.  He flipped his own faceplate up.  "...hi."
"Wow, thanks.  I mean-- wow, Tony Stark!  Hey, can I ask you a question, when you're in the suit--"
When he woke, his ankle was killing him.  He grabbed Happy and leaned on him; Pepper pursed her lips in disapproval.
