“Right. Right,” Steve says as he stops what he’s doing. “He’s just so upset.”
“Stop! She gets it,” Tony says.
"Why are you pushing? Didn't you hear me when I told you I was playing you? It was all just a game to get what I want," she said, her voice shaking. She knew she wasn't fooling anyone with her shaky tones.
"And don't you have parasites at home? How do you feed them?" Tony asks.
I couldn't help but put mini Toni in a puffy dress. haha. I think she would be cute as Howard looks on.
She blamed it on her exhaustion and the fact that she hadn't been sleeping, and that was all. Logically, it couldn't be him, considering Barnes died over
Peggy came back with a glass in her hand. "You look like you need something to drink," she said, holding the glass out to Toni. "And some sleep."
"What about
Rollins stepped back from the Asset, keeping his gun up. "We had to kill the Senator and make it look like it overdose to cover for the kill in the park."
"Wait, the hospital couldn't find your family?"
His hand traveled check, caressing her cheek as he leaned down, placing a soft kiss to her lips. Her lips were warm compared to the rest of him, but she remained in his cold arms. "A tree. It isn't December without one," he said, against her lips. "I think we picked out a nice one."
"Yea, but Dad was still here," Clint chuckled.
Across from Steve stood Bruce, who was staring at Steve with an intense look on his face. Pepper couldn't quite read it, but she knew he was in deep thought. His stance was stoic as he leaned against the bar with his arm crossed his chest. With almost every piece of hair out of place, Bruce looked exhausted, though he hadn't moved an inch to sit on the stool next to him. He just stood there in deep though, eyeing Steve.
"Take away Rhodes access immediately. I don't know why I gave it to him in the first place." Usually, she wouldn't be this upset at the thought of Rhodey in her suit, but right now, she was pissed. She needed it to escape before anyone could stop her. She knew she was being stupid, but she couldn't deal with her emotions. It felt like her father had died all over again. It felt like she had lost everything again.
"I'm a Captain."
He waved him off. "I know it was because you were protective. You were an ass out of love," he stated with a laugh.
"Oh, god," Peggy uttered, pretending to be scared. "That's scary. You will definitely need your Aunt Peggy."
Phillip let out a groan. "Don't answer that," he said to Toni, who was eyeing her device.
Natasha's eyes softened as she looked at him. "Steve," she started, "Stop standing here and talk to her."
"I think that's it," she said, taking the seat on the other side of Salty. Phillips nodded, taking the report from Peggy.
Toni could've spouted something about what if a woman insulted him, but she decided against that, which she was rather proud of herself for not starting anything. "If you say so." She paused.
"To see how it worked."
She took them off with no issue, but again, it was torture to put anything on. Her black boy short panties were easy to put on, but that couldn't be said about her black bra, which was fighting her. "Stupid bra," she cursed. She was able to clip it in the front, but it was the rotating that she was having an issue with. As she struggled, she felt against the bed, making a lot of noise.
Her only hope was that Barnes and Rogers would find it. Just as the Commander marched toward the door, the Swiss army Knife dropped from the bag. Her eyes widened as she saw it dropped. She couldn't let it hit the floor or she would be screwed. She reached for it, panicking, as she felt it slip from her fingers. Just as she thought she lost it, she was able to get a hold of it. She pulled out a random tool and stabbed the woman in the face.
Steve glanced up at Clint, narrowing his eyes at the man. He hated this, just sitting around and doing nothing, but his skills were on the ground, not computers. "Where are Rumlow and the Strike team?" he asked. He hadn't seen them in some time with the last time with them looking stressed about something. Maybe, they found something?
Taking a deep breath, she dropped her pencil in the book and closed it. She stared mindlessly for a few seconds before getting to her feet and turning to camp, which was empty again. Most of the camp was out fighting Hydra, while she was bored out of her mind. Even Sassy and Salty were gone. They weren't in the field like Rogers and the Commandos; instead, they were in a meeting with some big heads. Phillips didn't want to leave Toni alone in the camp, but he also didn't want to bring her with him. He didn't want her to meet them, not that Toni wanted to. She wasn't big on authority, and knowing how herself, she would probably say something stupid or rude or smart ass. However, Phillips didn't want to leave her here alone, hearing what happened with the Private. Toni wasn't sure how he heard, as she didn't tell anyone about it, but she could guess that it was Peggy, which annoyed her. She could handle that ass on her own, and besides, she doubted he would try anything else after the punch to the face.
Toni's eyes dropped to his hand on her knees. He heart was pounding in her ears, wanting nothing more than to jump into her father's arms. But how was this possible? How was any of this possible? "Are you really here?" she asked, her voice shaking. "Please."
The CEO stilled, as her grip loosened on Toni. Spinning ever so slowly, Pepper gave Barton a cold, harsh look before she turned to Toni, leading her away. "I need to talk to Toni
Steve stared at her, eyeing her blood red eyes. "I want a real conversion, Toni. Talk to me."
"I'm your baby sitter." Annoyance was present in her voice.
Even if Toni was against the dresses, she enjoyed these over the top celebrations, but after her mom had died, it all changed. It was like someone hit a switch, and her father turned cold, fast. He was a completely different people, almost like he was before the time traveling. He was distant, cold and mean, and all of those fluffy dresses were gone. All of the parties and celebrating were over, while her father locked himself in the labs, yelling at anyone who bothered him. Toni was his target most of the time, getting his full anger.
"Laura," Barton shouts. "And I am not a man child."
"Stay here," he ordered and he didn't step away until she nodded.
She guessed she could always make up a song, which could be worse. "Bored, Bored, Bored. What's a girl to do when she is cold and bored!" she sung at the top of her lungs. It sounded like nails on a chalkboard. "They leave me alone for what seems like days, and I think I could freeze to death, but boredom would be my death!" She could feel her throat start to dry, but she knew if they were listening, they would be in soon. They wouldn't be able to take much more of her horrible singing. "Silence of Death is almost upon us!" she let it go. "Bored leads-"
She wanted to tell him that he couldn't or shouldn't do anything differently, but she knew it was pointless judging by the look in his eyes. She also knew that if she told him not to, he would know it was the truth. "My childhood wasn't that bad," she replied. Sure, he shipped her to boarding school and she hardly saw him, but she couldn't say it was
Maybe, it was the fact that Toni was still missing. Maybe, it was the fact everything was crashing down around him, but something cracked inside of him when the Winter Soldier was unmasked. "Bucky," he uttered, his voice cracking. No, No, this wasn't possible. This couldn't be happening. Bucky, his Bucky, was alive. Toni wasn't seeing thing. Wait, why would Bucky harm Toni? Would Bucky hurt him? Bucky was his friend. Bucky was family, his everything. How could the man he grew up with try to kill him?
years ago, and even if he hadn't died during the war, he would be over 90 years. The man in the park, if there really was a man, was nowhere near 90, so even if Barnes was alive, it couldn't be him. See? It just couldn't be. It wasn't possible…but then, there was Steve, who was in his 90's. He broke all logic, but that was different. Steve was a Super Soldier frozen in ice, and Bucky was
Tony, even with the pain, is smiling, though he can barely feel it through his happiness. "Let's not do this again."
Her eyes flicked open, but they quickly closed as the sun beamed down on her. It was a painfully sunny day. Why couldn't they move her to a shady area? She groaned again as she tried to move but failing. She could feel herself twitched.
Listening to his heartbeat, she knew he wanted to talk without him having to say it. She could hear the hesitation in his chest. However, she didn't know if it was something that she could talk about. One, she didn't know what was wrong with her, even though she knew that there was definitely something wrong. Two, she didn't know how to talk about it—whatever it was. She may be a genius, but she didn't know how to say it. How to form the word. Three, emotions were the enemies, and admitting them made you weak. Toni knew this belief was foolish and she shouldn't feel this way, but it was in grain in her.
Toni exhaled slowly as she made her way through a thin crowd of soldiers. It was rather quiet, and she didn't know what to make of the silence. Her mind wasn't helping. Each time Barnes went out, she expected him die.
Her eyebrow rose. "Wasn't trying to; however, if it's working, then good," she replied, sternly. "Now, if that's all."
Phillips let out a sigh before he said, "Toni, you need to relax. This is for your own good."
She knew the reasoning behind that as Banner was the only one scientist in the group besides her. If something were to go wrong, he would be the only one who could save Toni. No one else had any idea of how her chest piece worked besides him. The scientists at SHIELD could only guess of how it worked. "He isn't due back for few more days, and you know how impatient I am."
"Yes, Miss."
Out of the shadows came Loki, who looked like crap. His hair was a mess and his holey clothes weren't fancy as she remembered. She was having a hard time believing that he would wear rags. "Long time no see, Stark?" he teased.
"It isn't a weapon," Toni replied, bitterly. She would protest that until she was blue in the face. "And it's mine. How is it a crime to steal my own shit?"
"…Yea," Bruce uttered, eyeing the legs in his lap. "N-No one wants to see that."
Steve could tell her the truth, could tell her the nasty feeling turning his stomach, but he kept that to himself. He was Captain Fucken America and he didn't, couldn't do this right now. He wasn't allowed to be weak. To be anything then perfect. "I'll be fine after we deal with Hydra and get Toni back." It may not be the whole truth, but it wasn't a lie. He would be okay once Toni was back in his arms. He just had to believe that, and if Toni was shattered, he would be shattered just alongside her.
So this place was bought and Tony tried to decorate it in the modern style he prefers but Steve convinced him to let him do it on his own. Well, mostly on his own, Tony did hire one of the premier mid-century modern experts from New York to style the place. Even though the place was uniquely Steve’s style everything in it reminded him of his husband.
“I’ll be fine, Nat,” he says dismissively.
She points to a strawberry shortcake ice cream bar. “The strawberry one.”
Tony moves forward as if to follow her but stops and turns around instead, staring into his now empty home. Thinking back to when it was filled with the sounds of laughing, playing children. The sounds of Peter and Beverly’s feet hitting the tile as they ran endlessly after each other. Music playing over the radio as Steve prepared dinner in the kitchen. The sounds of his then-husband’s laughter as Tony made jokes and flirted with him.
Peter throws the pillow at her and hops off the couch. “I don’t care!”
******
Tony returns to the table and lets Peter do things on his own. Peter returns from the bathroom and stands by the table picking at the food on his plate. Carefully taking a bite of each thing before placing it back circling through things in a round robin fashion.
“Why not? He rose from the dead? That’s what zombies do.”
Peter continues crying and yelling about Steve being gone and ignoring him. Steve looks down at Beverly and she seems to be calming down. She looks worn out and her eyes are red from crying. This was hard, it always was, coming back from a mission and trying to adjust. He was used to giving orders and having them followed without question. Family life didn’t work like that. He knew why Peter was upset and that yelling at him wasn’t going to get them anywhere.
Peter sits on Steve’s lap at the table as his parents encourage him to eat. They dress him in warm soft pajamas. “Is there a bathroom? I have to go.”
Peter drinks his juice before answering. “You woke me up.”
The computer takes a minute to load up, and a few more minutes for the internet browser to load. He types ‘who is Tony Stark married to?’ in the search bar. Marie is looking over his shoulder as the results load.
“You can’t baby. I’m sorry but it’s not possible.”
“Hi Steve. It’s Marie. If you don’t have plans we wanted to invite you over for coffee and pastries.”
“Did you unpack your suitcase?”
“Kid,” Tony begins. “Just tell the truth”
“Daddy?”
“Yes! Why wouldn’t I be serious?”
Tony sighs.
“You have to ask Daddy and me before you accept someone’s invite. We’ve already made dinner at home and everyone is waiting on you. ”
Peter does make a sour face unconsciously before hopping off the couch and heading into the kitchen to make a bowl of cereal. He sets the precariously filled bowl on the coffee table and leans over it as he shovels spoonfuls messily into his mouth.
“I’m taking care of it,” Steve says curtly.
“Daddy, I want breakfast.”
Note: If you don’t want a reply, for any reason (sometimes I feel shy when I’m reading and not up to starting a conversation, for example), feel free to sign your comment with “whisper” and I will appreciate it but not respond!
It wasn't Mary Parker but Peter was feeling confused and the word just popped in his head. He didn’t know why he said it aloud.
“I’m not mad. You made me worry,” Steve says as he rubs the back of her head. “You’re okay.”
“But Daddy said I could go over and they offered me dinner.”
Sorry it's been a while for the update. I hope you enjoy the chapter. I've changed this to a four chapter story because there is more I want to cover.
“That’s actually a good idea. It will give Tony a chance to rest,” Steve says as he stands up. Steve walks with Tony back to the car and kisses him goodbye before rejoining the group.
“She’s dead,” Peter answers before Steve can formulate an answer.
Peter looks back at Tony defiantly and drops it on the tile floor before walking out of the room. Tony stands up and takes a second before pursuing him. Don’t be like Howard. Don’t respond like him. He could see it in his head, jerking Peter’s arm up roughly while his other hand unbuckles his belt and pulls it loose. The fear he had felt when Howard did something like that to him. He didn’t want his children to experience that.
“Ben! This place isn’t haunted! Ghosts aren’t real!” May exclaims.
“Daddy and I don’t look similar though.”
“Come on Pete. You’ve taken up enough of the neighbor’s time. Let’s get back home,” Steve says as he leads him back up the road. Calling out their goodbyes before beginning the walk back.
Beverly is careful to not make any noise as she opens the door and slips outside. She wanders down the hall and finds the door to the stairs but it’s too heavy for her to pull open. So she heads back in the other direction and finds the elevator.  She could just reach the buttons and she remembered her mother explaining that the ground floor would have a star next to the number.
Peter giggles from the backseat as Beverly manages to keep a straight face.
They chat for a bit and get all caught up on everyone’s holiday plans. They invite May to the Avengers compound for Christmas. It will be their first one with Steve and Tony together since the divorce and most of the Avengers are planning on joining. They’re excited when May agrees to join them.
Tony gives him a quick hug. “Go help Papa set up the candles. It might be a few hours.”
“It’s short for details, Pops,” Peter says as he tries not to laugh.
“Chill,” Tony says as he stills his hand. Peter rests his head against his father’s shoulder. His little eyes flutter before closing.
“Are you hurt? Where’s your sister?”
“Excuse me?”
“That’s the point.”
He kisses her forehead and she snuggles against him. “You know how Saturday mornings, Daddy doesn’t go into work and we have a big breakfast?”
Peter wakes up to the sound of toys shuffling in his closet. He opens his eyes slowly and takes a moment to rub the sleep from them. He glances around the room and tries to orient himself. The problem with being the child of a billionaire is that his Dad owned so many properties and they traveled so often that it was easy to wake up in an unfamiliar place. It takes a moment, but he realizes he’s at the house in Malibu. He sees a little girl going through his things and instantly panics. Gone from his mind is the conversation with Tony on the plane about how he would be an older brother and meeting his younger sister today. The only thing he is thinking about is that house in upstate New York with the ghosts. Somehow they had followed him.
Tony laughs and hugs him tighter.
“Peter!” Steve calls out and his son’s head pokes over the couch. “Stop watching cartoons and get your things together.”
Beverly’s feelings were not hurt and she has the audacity to turn around in her seat and smirk at her older brother.
Tony offers his hand and helps Peter up. He turns the shower off and they get out. Tony wraps a towel around him before sending him into the bedroom.
“That’s rich. I’m sure that’s it. I’m not seeing big fan-fare about his return from the dead. So who knows? You and who else? No-one I bet. So you take advantage. Are you sure it’s not because you like the feel of his lips around your cock?”
Steve pulls the sliding door open and returns to the house. He puts his shield back in their room.
“Peter, get back in here now!”
“But you’re so young,” Peter says as he stares at the little pink cats on the tea cup. They play as if they’re normal children and it almost stops feeling odd to Peter. He starts to feel like he’s over at a friend’s house.
“Excuse me?”
Tony and Steve laugh at him. Steve reaches out and tousles his hair before placing a kiss on top of head. “Oh Jeez. Tony, he tastes like dirt.”
Tony goes down to his level and pulls him to his chest. “How—Did you fall off the bed? What were you doing?”
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
“The ghosts, Papa. They wouldn’t let me out.”
“What?”
“That’s a long drive. I hope the roads weren’t bad.”
I've updated the tags. This chapter is a little on the darker side.
Marie greets Jerry as he walks back in the house. “Sue called. Told me she saw that boy wandering in her yard early yesterday morning. No shoes. In his pajamas.”
“Dad,” he says louder this time as he walks into the room. Tony turns back towards him and holds out his arm. Peter walks up to him and lets himself be pulled to his side. Tony holding onto him just a little too tight, gives him a kiss on the cheek. The kiss feels wet from Tony’s tears.
“I will,” Tony says as he helps him down from the vanity and walks back into the bedroom.  Peter goes to open the door as Tony drops his towel and pulls open a drawer to grab underwear. “Shut the door kid! The whole house doesn’t need to see my ass!”
“It’s not my room and I’m not going.”
A couple hours later, Steve is starting to wake up. His body knows it’s late morning and won’t let him sleep any longer even though they got to bed late.  He goes to the bathroom and then starts changing into joggers and a t-shirt. Peter sits up in bed watching him. “You getting out of bed?”
“You need to fix your attitude now. And apologize to Steve.”
They hear a gentle knock at the door, before Thor’s imposing figure comes into the room.
“You should try to get some sleep. Just for a couple hours. I’ll keep watch.”
Peter is struggling to keep his eyes open after lunch. The power has come back on but it’s still quite dark outside. The rain has stopped but the cloud cover is heavy, like it will start again at any moment. Steve is watching him concerned before turning to Tony. “How much sleep do you think he got last night?”
******
“Is your sister awake? Her door was ajar and the bed’s made.”
“Scoot over, so I can get in,” Steve whispers.
Steve’s cheeks blush red. The words so abrupt, so out of place.
Before Tony can go to Steve and ask if he’s okay, Peter is running up to him and wrapping his arms around him.
“Dad!” he screams and keeps screaming it. The ghost doesn’t react how he expects, she drops everything in her hands and looks at him horrified. She too starts crying and calling for her Dad. Steve rushes into the room and looks between his two children, not knowing who to go to first. He feels guilty about it but he goes to Peter. That’s his son and he’s been living with them for years now. He would hold Beverly once he got Peter calmed down.
Steve's mind froze on Toni's name and he couldn't help but think of her. "Toni?" he muttered.
Toni exhaled as she still had things to worry about. She still had to figure out how to power the damn device. If only her arc reactor was working at 100%, she could tap into that, even though it was risky. She took another deep breath as she tried to think of something.
. For him, home wasn't a specific place, but rather, a person, a certain loud mouth, smart ass woman, who couldn't shut up to save her life. However, the strong-willed, stubborned Toni was home for him, and though he had felt like this for some time, he had no idea why or when he started to feel like this, feel like Toni was
Her mind drifted to the conversion she had with the colonel and it had her worried. What would he really do to her? Would he really torture her? There weren't a lot of things that scared her, but the idea of being tortured scared her. She had suffered from water boarding and other torture techniques before, and she didn't want to go back there, because she wasn't sure she could come back from that again. Just thinking about it got her heart racing. "Calm down," she whispered to herself. If she let him get to her, it wouldn't help and they would win, which she couldn't allow. She couldn't let them get to her, because if they got power over her, it wouldn't be good. The more power they got over her the more they could break her. She needed to put distance between them so she could protect her secrets.
Even after everything that Maya had done and everything that happened, Maya held some part of the Toni's heart. Sure, the hold didn't compare to any of the Avengers, Pepper, Rhodes, or Steve's, but it was there. And Maya's death would haunt her like the others. Toni would- if she didn't already- blame herself for Maya's death much like with Bucky's death. No, Maya would never compare to Bucky, and her death wouldn't tear her heart in two, but it hurt.
He let out a sigh, because he knew this and didn't need her to tell him that. "I know," he said. He just needed to figure out what to say, because he couldn't risk saying the wrong thing and pushing her away.
"Steve."
"That isn't it," he said; his voice was all too soft. His voice reminded her of the Shrimp she first met.
"Deal," Steve says with a grin. "Because Buck was a beast the whole time, ready to rip heads off. He may or may not have made Sam shit his pants a few times."
"No," Barnes barks. "I'm right and you know it. You were complaining about it too, complaining how he never takes anything serious. Never listens. Just rushes in head first without a second thought. Just admit it. For a fucken genius, he's fucken stupid." He's yelling now. "He doesn't care what anyone else is feeling. He just does whatever the fuck he wants!"
“I need to see my doctor.”
The mood has changed and the evening now feels somber. Peter looks up at the windows that are level with the ground, watching the snowfall and build up. He had to tell someone else. Like a hot potato he had to pass it on before it burnt his hands. Who would he tell? It was too late to call anyone. MJ was already in bed, she had poked her head into the basement to tell them not to stay up too late after she had returned home from a book club Christmas party.
“Good, did you miss me?” he teases.
“Let me know if you need help with anything. Pete, how was your day?”
“Your Mommy doesn’t come to Christmas either?”
“Can we have popcorn?”
“We love having a new playmate. We don’t see our friends anymore.”
“Daddy look at your paper! It looks cool in the milk.”
“Pick something out Bevie.”
May holds out her pinky. “See? I pinky promise. It will only hurt for a second.”
Beverly stops in the middle of tugging her ear and stares up at the older woman before hiding her face in Tony’s neck. Tony looks back at Mrs Potts concerned.
“What?” Steve asks not comprehending Peter’s sentence.
It’s as if Peter was waiting for him by the door. Peter’s walking quickly towards him as soon as he gets home.
“What do you mean? You were on the couch when I came out here.”
Steve sighs. “Where would I be without my low expectations of you?”
“Interesting. Another thing though, Peter said he was seeing ghosts. Was he?”
“Two,” Steve answers as he enters that bathroom with some towels that he places in the cabinet.
“Sure thing kid. Let’s get inside,” Tony starts to lead him inside but not before exchanging a look with Steve. Their conversation wasn’t over but it would have to wait for another time.
“Why? I’m listening to you!” Peter pleads with him. He was still under the impression that Tony had brought him outside and wanted him to go into the woods. So he was confused now as Tony was yelling at him and trying to pull him inside. One of them wasn’t really his father and he had to go with the right one.
“Mommy?”
“Can I go in Peter’s room to get a toy?”
“What?” he asks looking up at his father.
“I don’t see anyone,” Tony says not looking up from the circuit board he’s working on.
Thanks for reading. I wasn't sure if I would get the chapter out today. I had a very busy weekend but I wanted to keep with my schedule.
“Daddy knows how to make breakfast.”
“I really need to talk to Steve about something.”
“Let Daddy do all the worrying, okay? You just be a kid.”
“Your what? Shit! Fuck! Ow! I bit my tongue! I bit my tongue,” Steve complains as he covers his mouth. The sharp pain shooting through the sensitive nerves of his tongue.
“Listen. It’s not anything bad.”
Peter has never felt so much pain in his life. He’s struggling to catch his breath and not choke on his tears. Each kick hurt more than the last. One of them hits his bladder and this time he does let it go. It soaks into his pants and he immediately feels cold. The assault stops and he’s pulled to his feet roughly.
“Dammit Peter—” Steve feels his frustration getting the better of him.
The woman tilts her head waiting for an answer. The creature lets Peter go and shoves him towards its adversary. She holds out her hand expectantly. “Here little one. I won’t hurt you. I’m a woodland goddess and I protect those who roam here.”
“I can’t sleep.”
“Make yourself at home.”
Steve leaves Tony more broken than he arrived, gathering his things and quietly leaving. It was a strange fight if it can even be considered one. It had been years since they had gotten into it and Steve was feeling like his mood was soured for the rest of the day.
Steve lets go of Peter and sits on the ground, adjusting Beverly so she’s on one side of his lap. He opens his right arm and Peter stares at him uncertain now that he’s getting his way.
“Peter we’ll do something this afternoon,” Steve promises but it does nothing to calm the child.
“You’re kidding?”
Steve carries a sleeping Peter into the house. The long day of activities had worn the child out. He was tired by the time they got to the restaurant for dinner. Not wanting to eat much of his dinner or play with any of the things they packed for him. They were thankful when he fell asleep during the car ride back. Tony walks into Peter’s bedroom with them and  pulls back the covers so Steve can set him down. They make quick work of removing his clothes and putting on pajamas. Tony tucks him in tightly the way he likes and smiles over at Steve. “We’re good at this. Didn’t even wake him up.”
“Pete, let her be,” MJ says grabbing his arm.
“Is that so?” Pepper asks as she’s still kneeling down in front of her. “Your dress is very pretty though.”
Steve relaxes against his husband and wraps an arm around them enjoying the warmth and comfort.
Peter’s breathing is labored and he clutches his chest trying to calm down. Tony sets the glass down and sits on the coffee table, wanting nothing more than to pull his son into his arms and hold him tight. He was worried about overwhelming Peter, he knew what it was like to be panicking and have someone try to touch you.
Peter giggles and looks back over at Steve. “I need to take his temperature stat.”
“Looks fun and there would be a big splash.”
“Isn’t it late to be texting Morgan?”
“Huh?” Steve asks confused thinking the question is for him.
“Make sure you talk to someone.”
“You look deep in thought,” Tony says rolling onto his side and decreasing the distance between them. “And you’re just sitting up in bed.”
Tony grabs one and replaces the bag on top of the fridge. “What flavor is green?”
“I’ve literally said one thing.“
Medicine dropper is shoved in and Tony presses down on the bubble. Peter starts to whimper as the liquid sloshes precariously in his mouth. “Swallow it. If you spit it out you’re going in the corner.”
Steve can hear him digging through the refrigerator, probably for a water bottle. He takes a deep breath.
“I’m sorry. It was an accident.” Peter explains tears already threatening to fall.
“Get out!” Tony says doing his best to sound outraged instead of hurt.
Peter rushed home after his afterschool activities and went straight to his room and onto his computer. He pulls up the screen and is looking through the genetic make-up page and all the health pages. He saves the dna relatives for last.  He didn’t know what to expect but still felt excited about it. He wouldn’t be surprised to see his aunt show up on there but he wondered who else would. The screen loads and his whole body seems to freeze. He reads it a few times and doesn’t seem to process it. He hears his door open and Steve say his name and ask him how school was.
“Shh…baby,” Tony whispers as his fingers run over the soft sweaty curls on his son’s head.
Steve places his hand on Peter’s knee and rubs it. “I don’t want you to worry about these things—”
“How did you manage that baby?”
*****
So Steve’s phone is returned to his nightstand, the lights are turned off and Tony curls up on his side in an unfamiliar bed. He tries to fall asleep in the increasingly unfamiliar place. He tries to ignore the ache in his chest as he replays his daughter’s voice in his head. Over and over it repeats until he really can’t hold the tears back. How long had it been since he held her?
Peter throws himself on the ground and starts to cry. Steve grabs his arm and starts to pull him to the bathroom. Intent on cleaning the chocolate from his face. Steve practically has to drag him. He shuts the bathroom door once they are inside. Steve grabs a washcloth from under the sink and starts to wet it with warm water. “Sit down,” he says intending to have Peter sit on the toilet so he can reach his face easier. Peter sits in the middle of the rug instead. “You know that’s not what I meant.” Steve grabs him under the armpits and places him on the vanity top. He wipes off his face.
Steve opens the cabinet above the refrigerator and places the toy inside. “You don’t but you can’t deal with it by hurting her.”
Ron watches him expectantly waiting for more of an explanation on the little girl. Beverly is starting to slide down his hip so he adjusts her in his arms.
They both turn when they realize they aren’t alone in the room. Natasha and Clint are standing just in the threshold of the door.
“Purple.”
“Captain America? Wow. A super hero couple. How did we miss that?”
“Peter’s ok?” he asks as he walks over to them. He kneels down and holds out his arms for his son. Peter goes to him and Steve scoops him up in his arms. “We need to get you in bed.”
A sad smile crosses Tony’s face.
“But Papa, who will you eat breakfast with?”
Tony sits up slowly his head aching all over. Light fills his eyes as he opens them. Peter is looking at him impatiently shifting his weight between his feet.
“I’m too old for this.”
Steve was still in his uniform, there were a few tears and some blood. Tony would  need to do repairs. He removes it from his body, placing it neatly in the closet where the children won’t see it. He takes a quick shower and changes into a fresh pair of boxers. Shutting off the light, he opens the door and makes his way to the bed. It takes a moment for his eyes to adjust and he notices there’s no room for him. He leans down and kisses Peter’s cheek to wake him up. He holds his finger over his mouth to shush him.
“You could have worn a condom.”
“Getting it in your hair?”
“This is someone Papa works with. His name is Phil Coulson.”
Suddenly Peter is sitting in his lap, reaching up to wipe a tear from his father’s eye. Reminding Steve of when his teen was a young boy and always wanted someone to be holding him. He was a really sweet kid even though he was developing quite an attitude in his teen years. Definitely taking after Tony in that area. Making it so Steve had to deal with two of them each day. Staying up late, not wanting to get up in the morning. He takes Peter’s hand and moves it down setting it in his lap. He wipes his own eyes before pulling his son into a hug. Rubbing his back he says, “you’re a good kid, you know that?”
Peter waits patiently as they talk, listening to Tony’s side of the conversation. He’s finally handed the phone. He sits up and moves to the other side of the bed to talk to Steve. Overjoyed to hear his voice and know that he’s ok. He recounts what he can remember of his dream. Steve does what he can to calm him down. After a long chat, he crawls back over to Tony to give him the phone but finds him to be asleep. So he tells Steve bye, returns the phone to the nightstand, and turns off the light. He curls up in the middle of the bed and starts to fall back asleep.
A run? Toni wasn't a runner and didn't understand the point. She would always question the point of it, and the only reason why she liked when Steve ran was because she liked to see him sweaty. "She's running?" he asked, shocked.
Toni glanced back at Rogers for a second before spinning back to Barnes. "I don't want to talk about Skully either," she stated. She had talked about that man enough, and she didn't want to give him any more power than he already had.
Rhodes gives him a look. "This is not a request, and if I have to get Wanda and Vision down here, I will. I think FRIDAY will agree with me on this. You need rest. You look like the walking dead."
A look of happiness appeared on Schmidt's face. "Increase the output by sixty percent. And speak with our other facilities to do the same."
The Genius let out a chuckle as she stepped out of Steve's arms. She eyed his cherry red face, and she couldn't help but smile. He was so adorable, and she loved it. "Geez, can't have any fun. What can I help you with, Pep?" Even if Toni couldn't see the CEO, she knew she was rolling her eyes.
There was that voice again, but this sounded closer, like she could reach other and touch it. In fact, someone was touching her, because she could feel something cold around her. She wasn't sure if someone had picked her up or if something had happened and she was dead. Did she move on? She wasn't sure but the person calling her name would not shut up.
However, on a night like this, she wished he was here. Here to tell her that her dreams were only nightmares. Dreams that she could control, but he wasn't here. He wasn't here to tell her that everything was okay. He was on some mission, and she was here
Barton let out a chuckle, but Natasha just glared. "If Rogers put another mark on you again—accident or not—I
"And people thought I'm crazy," Toni said when Sassy was out of ear shot.
"Enough," Steve ordered as he motioned to the sofa. He gave a warning look to Barnes before looking at Toni. "You shouldn't be up."
not sensitive, and she would
Toni jumped at the voice, surprised at the interruption. "Peggy," she uttered.
*O*O*
Steve couldn't make out what she was holding on for dare life, but he wasn't focused on that. He couldn't look past his pain and anger; he was tired of her making him out to be the fool. He wasn't the fool, and he wasn't naïve. He was hopeful. What was wrong with that? "Do you care at all what you put us through?" he asked, not turning and watching her step toward the door.
He shushed her softly as he continued to rock her. "It's okay. I'm not going anyway, Doll Face." There was no way in hell that he was leaving Toni's side for the foreseeable future. Sure, he would have to leave her side at some point as he was Captain America, but that would have to wait a few weeks. Not leaving her now. Not her guilt. "I promise you that."
Toni glared at Barnes. She wasn't going to kill Steve, just maim him enough to remember that he shouldn't ever doubt her.
"It is. Trust me, Shellhead." Though Steve didn't want to admit it, he knew about the side effects of sleep deprivation; he knew about the mental state of a person who couldn't sleep, who went without sleep for days. It wasn't abnormal to see things when you hadn't been sleeping, so it didn't worried him too much. What worried him was the fact that she hadn't been sleeping in the first place. "What do you want to do?" he asked, his fingers running up and down her back. "We'll do whatever you want to do. Though we should eat first."
Chapter 8:
"T-Toni," Maya called again, as she reached the steps.
"Who says I'm going to be blasted on my ass?" he asked as he rotated back to the glass. "Just hopeful thinking? You want to see me on my ass."
"It's not my place. I'm following orders," she said.
Steve just smiled at her, and it was probably the most beautiful smile Toni had ever seen. "Whate-"
The Hologram of Killian's brain disappeared as he stepped off the glass table. "Toni. Toni. You know you can't think like that," he said as he waved a finger at her. "You have a wonderful brain that is capable of anything, so why don't you put it to use." There was a smile on his face as he stepped to her, crowding into her personal space. "Oh, I love that brain of yours; you need to think more with it and less with that ego of yours."
When he was a few feet away from her, he spoke, "I'm surprise to find you here, Fire Rocket. Not that it's unpleasant." He gave her a creepy smile as he looked her over.
There were some scantily dressed women in the park to Toni's surprise, granted she supposed why they were though she kept wondering why in this weather. She could
she wasn't sure what she was looking for, she eyed each person walking by, making sure they were real. She wasn't sure what qualifications she was using to verify them as 'real,' but she stared at each of them for a good few seconds before moving on. She wasn't why she had such a bad feeling in her gut, but there had to be something, as this feeling in her gut couldn't be wrong. She wasn't crazy, damn it.
To say Steve was upset was the understatement of the year. He was downright
"You had me worried." He was staring at her intently and fully. "I'm going to beat him for touching you," he snapped. "I would do-"
"And you call me childish," she snorted. Without another word, Toni headed toward Phillips' tent.
However, that doesn't stop him from turning on the comm and turning to the Avenger's channel. He doesn't alert the others to his presence as that'll create questions that he doesn't want, questions that he doesn't know how to answer. There's no doubt they had noticed his absence. Plus, he doesn't know what Wanda had told them, not that he expects her to. She doesn't seem like one to talk, but then again, she isn't his biggest fan no matter what she says.
"I can spell," Phillips stated quickly. Though he didn't like to be ordered around, he understood where Rogers was coming from. "I have signed more of these condolence letters today than I would care to count. But the name does sound familiar. I'm sorry." Though he had used Barnes to spy on Toni, he didn't know the man well, but Phillips did feel sad about losing a soldier like that.
Toni's eye twitched. "Do you really want to threaten the friends of Captain America?" She hated to name drop Rogers, but the facial expression was more than enough to ease that guilty feeling. Plus, the Private left without another word, though he was huffing and puffing as he walked away. She waited until they were alone before she turned to Barnes. "What the hell? Why did you attack him? You could end up in the brig. Do you want to end up there?"
"Just get going," she ordered, resting her head against his.
She stared at him, seeing how much he hated being here with her while his teammates were fighting. "Then go to them. Maybe, you can sneak up on the soldiers and surprise them. That might give our gang the upper hand. It shouldn't be too hard as the path is clear," she said as she pointed to the monitors. No one had come to data center yet, and the group that was heading toward them had changed direction. There was a small opening that could close at any second.
Toni's eyebrow rose as she listened to the two old men. Did they just call her the 'Cap's girl?' She was in no way, shape or form Rogers' anything. Yes, they had a better understanding of each other, but if anyone was his girl, it was Peggy, who was his last kiss- that she knew. Besides, she didn't deserve to be his anything when she was the reason why he was trapped in this time. She was also the reason why he lost his best friend, even if no one blamed her. "Cap's girl, am I?"
"Oh, I know," Steve agreed as he magically got her a glass of water from somewhere and crossed to the sofa.
She gave him a look. "It wasn't for a lack of trying, but I am determined now."
He didn't have a name, and if he did, he didn't know it, but his name wasn't important. He wasn't important. No one cared if he was injured or killed, unless it affected the mission. He was a nobody to the world and only important if he finished his missions, his assignments. If he failed, he was punished and punished severely. If he spoke without permission, he was punished. If he didn't obey, he was punished. If he wasn't quick enough, he was punished. He was just a tool, an asset to his handlers, and he accepted this.
“You’ll want to move the kid to another room before we talk,” Fury says.
He pulls her hand back so he can actually see it. “That’s a nice one. It’s not broken at all.”
“But he’s just standing there,” Peter says as he points out the window. Steve looks over the back of the couch.
“You know what kind of person drinks alone until they pass out? An alcoholic.”
Thor agrees to watch the children while Tony gets in the shower. Beverly is at the tailend of her cold and starting to feel better. Peter is still pretty sickly. Thor helps get cleaned up and into fresh pajamas and starts to make them lunch. He picks up the house following Peter’s instructions. Once he’s sure Tony is asleep, he tells Loki to show himself. Peter is looking at Loki shocked but Beverly looks excited.
There’s silence again as Steve tries to digest what Sam is saying.
Peter walks down the street exploring. He finds a dog on the property up the road and across the street.* After a bit Steve goes to look for him; walking the property and calling his name. He decides to walk down the road before checking in the woods for his son. He sees Peter rolling around with a husky. He approaches the yard and decides to go up to the door and introduce himself instead of trespassing. He was definitely going to be lecturing Peter about that later. It’s an older couple in their sixties that answers. They introduce themselves as Jerry and Marie Fields. Steve introduces himself.
“You two were fighting and mad because of me.”
“Kid? Why’d you run?”
Tony smiles over at him before returning his eyes to the road. “He wouldn’t tell me what happened when he was outside. In one version he told me he didn’t go outside but he told you that because he was afraid.”
“I don’t know.”
“He’s working on something.”
“FRIDAY, dim the lights to 50%,” Steve says. “You know you have to give her a percent. Are you trying to blind me?”
Peter turns around in his seat and looks out the back window. “I can’t see uncle Ben’s car.”
She twirls her hand in the air, her face contorted in pain. “I don’t know. It just happened.”
“Communication. Trust. Sex. Sex was a major part of it. The tension was so high. Who knew all I needed was for you to pound me—”
“What does heter…heteromative mean?”
“That was Tony,” Steve denies as they both start laughing. Peter pulls out of the headlock and pushes Steve away from him. Steve relaxes back into the couch and reaches out a hand to rub Peter’s brown curls.
“Go grab some towels, Honey. Let’s get out of your wet clothes.”
“They locked down the school and brought the police in. Dad was so pissed off. He actually showed up to sort everything out. He yelled at you the whole ride home.”
“What?” Beverly asks.
“Disgusting. Human children are always so disgusting.”
“How many homes do you have, Stark?” Clint asks as he walks inside.
He disappears up the stairs and down the hall. His steps quick and silent as he slips into Peter’s room. His son is lying on his side, his arms wrapped around a bundle of the blanket. His messy curls splayed across his pillow, his pink mouth slightly open. Tony approaches the bed and leans down to place a kiss on his head. Once he’s satisfied that Peter is safe and sound, he makes his way to his daughter’s room.
“Beverly! Absolutely not! Do not say that!”
They sit around the hospital bed and set up their card game on Peter’s tray as they wait for the doctor. He mostly keeps up but seems to get confused and frustrated.
This sets Steve off and he’s no longer remaining calm. Both men are now shouting over each other. There’s a line and Peter’s just sprung across it.
“Pete, when did Daddy tell you to be home?”
Peter steps back. “Sorry Papa.”
“We did that yesterday, remember?”
“Let me put the lunch I packed for him in there. You’ll have to make him sit down to eat. He’ll keep playing if you let him. Make sure he eats at least half of it,” Steve says as he moves the food to their cooler. Ben zips it up and starts to head out the door. “He’s a runner. You’ll have to watch out for that. He wanders in stores. You really have to keep an eye on him. He will disappear on you.”
“Hi Pops,” Beverly says as she gets into her father’s car and leans over to kiss his cheek. Peter slides into the backseat and pulls the door closed.
“Dammit Peter,” Steve says harsher than he’s intending as he stands up and heads to the kitchen to grab paper towel.
Pepper laughs and pulls him into another hugs. “Really?”
The doctor okays to remove him from everything. His results are looking good. They want to keep him for another six hour for observation. They can order him food.
“I was looking at a map. There’s a path down to the lake maybe we can walk down there.”
Pepper wraps an arm around Beverly pulling her close. “I’m sure your Daddy appreciated the help,” she jokes.
“But I didn’t do it!”
“Yes.”
Steve crouches down so he’s at his kid’s level. Pointing out the things in the horizon to them. They’re excited and also scared. He can tell because they take care to stay near him and not too close to the edge. Beverly’s little hands were wrapped around his arm.
Peter shakes his head. “But we decorated the Christmas tree and had hot chocolate and cookies from the store.”
Tony curses and wishes he had thought to bring something, anything along with him that he could wrap Peter in. The rain has finally stopped but they were all soaked. Peter was in too delicate of a state for Tony to fly him out of there. So he does what he can do, pull his son into his arms and hold him close. Hope that his body heat will help raise his temperature.
“Dad, stop! Go to bed!”
“Hey! Get up!”
Peter was excited when he checked his email at school and saw that his 23andMe results were finally in. He had sent the test in months ago. He hadn’t told either of his parents about it and sent it in in secret. His biological parents died in a plane crash when he was four and he entered the foster system shortly after that. That all before he came to live with Tony and Steve. It had been many years since he had been adopted and he was now in high school. He couldn’t remember his grandparents and most of his relatives. Once a month his Aunt May and Uncle Ben would come by for a visit. There were usually gifts and one of his parents were always present. Sometimes they told him stories about his parents. He remembered being younger and finding it upsetting.
“Then who?”
Tony cards his fingers through Steve’s blond locks. “It’s probably nothing.”
“Jesus Steve, what did you do? Pinch him?” Tony teases as he walks into the room dressed only in his boxers. It pulls Steve out of his thoughts and he gives Tony a dirty look.
******
“It’s okay to take a moment for yourself.”
This story is part of the
“Wait. I thought the father killed the family.”
“We’ll deal with it as it comes.”
Steve places him back on the floor and opens the bathroom door. Peter is still crying as they walk back into the kitchen. Steve looks over at Tony and sighs. “Alright. That’s enough crying, Peter. Come here,” Steve says.
Tony looks up as Steve enters the sunroom and starts to set up his easel and canvas. Tony puts his pointer finger over his mouth indicating to Steve that he needs to be quiet. Steve mouths to him that he will be. Setting a bag on the table he takes out his paints and wooden palette. The house backed up to a forest and he was planning on painting it. It was early in the day and light was still good for painting. He squirts some paint on the palette and starts to mix some colors.
Steve takes his glass and walks over to the couch, sitting on one of the plush grey cushions. Peter follows him and sits on the couch opposite him.
“We believe Hydra knows Beverly is alive and still in DC. They want her to experiment on. To see if the serum is passed down through reproduction or if something has to trigger it. An external trigger or puberty. If it is passed on through reproduction, they may try impregnating her,” Coulson starts to explain.
Steve pinches the inside of Beverly’s arm as he tells FRIDAY to take the image off the screen. “And you,” he says turning towards his daughter. “Are going to be grounded for that kind of language.”
“Where’s Daddy? Papa you have to put on your shoes. Let’s go.”
“Steve,” says a familiar voice.
He goes in there to pack. Tony is in the bathroom showering. He comes out and gets dressed before they talk. Steve apologizes about it being close to the holiday. Tony says something snappy like oh, I hadn’t noticed. Steve says don’t be like that. He gets a little rough with Tony pressing him up against the wall, holding his arms down as he kisses his mouth forcefully before kissing down his chest.
“Thank you.”
Steve goes into the bedroom and sees Tony sitting up and looking at something on his phone. He wipes his face off with a towel. “‘Morning Tony.”
Tony tries to ignore the pounding in his head as he hears Peter moving through the house. He’s slamming a first aid kit  and a white towel onto the table next.
Peter is really upset when Tony tries to explain that he’ll be going to a new school and they won’t be living in the NYC for the year. His mood only gets worse as Tony tries to explain to him that he will be a big brother. That Tony and Steve have adopted a little girl. He spends most of the plane ride being surly and crying. Mad at his parents for not asking him if he wanted a little sister. Tony is at his wit’s end when they get to the house. Tony finds the house empty as Happy helps him carry in suitcases. Happy gets the suitcases to their rooms before heading out.
“They’re going to start heading home.”
“That’s good,” Tony says but his mind seems to be miles away.
“Tony? Is everything alright? It’s what, 3 in the morning for you?”
“Oh thank God. Ron, I can’t thank you enough.” He picks Beverly up and holds her close. “Where were you going?”
“I’m tired. I didn’t sleep well Papa.”
****************************************************************** Flashback
“Your baby?” Peter asks laughing. “May doesn’t even call me that.”
Tony points at Peter, “someone is getting a bath when we get home.”
Steve was calling home every night to talk with his family. The guilt over lying to Tony was getting to be too much. He wasn’t here for work at all and eventually he would have to tell him the truth. So Steve picks up his phone like he does every night at eight and presses the button to call his husband. Once the pleasantries are out of the way and he’s listened to Peter’s story about his day, he decides to come clean to Tony.
Feedback
“Of course.”
“I learned something new in school today,” Beverly interjects.
“Papa, you made Peter cry,” Beverly says.
Tony checks his phone waiting for Morgan to text back. He was so intrigued by her, there was no topic that would bore him. He found himself cringing with embarrassment as she shares the details of wearing mismatched socks the day she had to read her book report in front of class. His daughter had blamed Pepper for not properly matching her socks on laundry day.
Tony groans and rolls away from them. Steve scoots to the edge of the bed and Peter climbs off of him. “Let’s leave the room and let Daddy get some more sleep.”
“God dammit Peter. What did I just tell you?” Steve scolds his patience razor-thin from the stress of the mission. It was always an adjustment returning to domestic life.
“It’s alright buddy,” Tony assures him as he rubs his arm. “We’ll try again. You have been gentle when you put something in someone’s mouth.”
“Me either. The thunder is so loud. And I don’t like how dark it is. The house is creepy.”
“I’ll talk to him,” Happy offers.
“I—uh—thanks. Are you bringing Peter?”
Steve was expecting a slow easy morning to spend with his family. He’s surprised to wake up in an empty bed. He hears Tony yelling at Peter to get his homework together and into his backpack.
“I hate dresses. I told Tony I wanted to wear pants.”
His voice doesn’t come out and the woman fixes the creature with a look. “You took his voice?”
“I think he would join the Justice League,” Beverly interjects.
“You keep saying that. I don’t need you making decisions for me.”
Now he had Beverly to worry about. His daughter who in a course of a day lost her family and everything she had ever known. For her safety they had dragged her across the country. At least Peter had pictures of his parents to remember them by. They couldn’t take that risk with her. They worked with her for days on end getting her to memorize her new name, her new address, the names and occupations of her new parents. He felt conflicted when he told her she must never mention her parents to anyone or talk of her life in DC. He hated to do it but it had to be done to keep her alive and away from Hydra.
“I don’t know. Green?”
“Shh, go back to sleep honey.”
“I drove up to Boston to visit Peter,” Bev explains.
Peter just stares at her and continues to not listen.
Peter: I dare you to go to his workshop and ask him to make an appointment to get Vajazzled
“Tomorrow?” Beverly asks feeling hopeful.
“Sure. Go ahead,” Sam says.
Peter becomes frustrated as his parents won’t believe him about the ghost. It’s the same as the last time he saw her. They keep telling him it was a nightmare, that he wasn’t really awake and he just thought he was. His tears were now out of frustration and he didn’t want to talk to them anymore. But his parents don’t know that and are still fussing over him. He climbs under the covers and so do his parents. Snuggling up to Tony, Peter rests his head on his chest because he’s still feeling cold.
“Feels like it’s only been a few years. I lost my temper with him,” Steve says before there is another long pause.
The next morning, Peter is excitedly getting dressed and thinking about the day they’ll spend in town. He’ll get to play in the park and get candy or ice cream. Maybe he would get both things and a new toy. They would be going into a lot of shops.
Beverly hugs him tightly and they tell each other goodnight. It’s quiet once she sits on the floor and opens her suitcase. She can’t sleep though, the cheap gas station coffee that got her through the drive working against her. Beverly pads softly downstairs into the kitchen, trying a few switches before she finds the right one. All the sounds feel amplified as she pulls a bottle of wine out of a paper bag. It clinks as she sets it on the granite countertop. The drawers are loud as she opens them looking for the wine key.
“There’s resources you know. For helping you deal with anger. I could—”
Peter runs his fingers through Steve’s beard. “Do you like Papa’s beard, sissy?”
“Sure,” Steve says as he turns on the nightlight before leaving the room. They leave the door slightly ajar before returning the living room to cuddle up on the couch and watch one of the latest releases.
“Before Nat called.”
“No…”
Tony can’t find Beverly in her room. The bed is unmade, obviously slept in but empty now. Whenever Peter had a stomach bug he would end up sleeping on the bathroom floor close to the toilet so Tony was fully expecting to find his daughter curled up with a blanket on the rug. The bathroom is empty so he pulls the shower curtain open. Empty besides the bottles of kid shampoo and body wash, and a basket of bright foam toys in a hanging basket affixed to the tiled wall.
Peter shyly offers his hand for them to shake, not leaving Steve’s side. His left hand threading through his fathers belt loop. “Nice to meet you.”
“You couldn’t even spare five minutes for me.”
“Papa, it’s hurts.”
Tony gives him one more squeeze and lets him go, making his way out onto the balcony.
“I can assure you it’s very real and no-one is trying to hurt you. Your Papa just wanted to make sure you’re okay.”
“Do you have a towel? You can’t run around like this.”
With a deep breath, he runs out of the room and collides hard into Steve who is on the way to Peter’s room to check on him. He presses his face against Steve’s stomach and starts crying hysterically. “Are you hurt?”
“You left and you weren’t supposed to leave me,” her voice comes out so sad for a child so young. She balls up some of his shirt in her hand and she starts to cry.
There was a lot of down-time on missions and Steve had recently discovered social media. So he spent a fair bit of time pinning various ideas he came across on Pinterest. The muffin tins was one of them. Each compartment he would filled with a different fruit or snack. Since he now had two picky eaters he had to get creative. Peter is still attached to his side as he starts to assemble them.
He ought to call his Dad but he was already imagining that going poorly. Tony would tell Friday to track Henry down and send out a suit. And do what? A repulsor blast through the chest or be like a rich parent in those K-dramas his mom and sisters liked to watch, and pay Henry to disappear from Beverly’s life? He could call his Pops and where would that go? Would Steve call Bucky and Natasha and go pay the kid a visit? He pulls himself up from the floor and starts to clean up the room.
“I miss my mom too,” Tony says to her.
Steve’s heart is beating so fast that it feels like a cartoon one beating out of his chest. He wonders if he’s having a heart-attack. If it’s even possible with the serum. His left arm didn’t hurt, it had to hurt didn’t it?
“Come on, buddy,” Tony says as he places a hand on his shoulder and leads him out into the living-room.
“Let’s talk in the other room.”
“Let me go. Please let me go,” Peter begs. He can’t hear his own voice but the creature seems to react to it.
MJ rolls her eyes. “I’m heading out. Are you coming?”
“You don’t want to talk more? Over the phone, you didn’t seem happy.”
“Yeah.”
Steve rubs at his eyes. Okay, they were cracking the surface of something but he didn’t want to face any of it. He needed to scold Peter for calling Beverly stupid but his mind was racing with so many other thoughts.
“Sit on your butt,” Tony says.
“Are all the doors shut? He went outside last night when we were all asleep.”
“Are you mad?”
Steve felt like he was seeing into how detectives must feel after years of working on cases. There’s so much evil in the world. He would write his report and turn over the folders to SHIELD. Later though, because he wasn’t ready to look at it again.
“You didn’t yell for one of us?”
Steve takes a sip of his coffee before heading into the bedroom. The only sound is the ceiling fan whirling and Tony’s soft snores.
She runs across the deck to grab her discarded towel. She returns to Tony and holds it out to him. He takes it from her and wraps it around her fastening it like a dress. He pulls her onto her lap so she can continue showing him all her things from the beach.
“Stop for a minute,” he says to Peter before turning to his daughter. “Beverly, I need to know you understand.”
“Later today, yes.”
“I know but I’m here now,” Tony says softly before kissing Steve again. “You need a break from this. How long were you holed up in the office going through it?”
“What? It’s not like I called him that to his face.”
He disconnects the call and opens some screens in privacy mode. Someone would need to be standing right behind him to see it. His heart sinks as he reads through pages and pages of lab reports. He carefully glances over at his children to make sure they’re still on the blanket playing before returning to reading. Each experiment had been orchestrated in a way that they thought could trigger the serum in her DNA. It was a cruel experiment to put a child through. Exposure to extreme temperatures and poisons. They had broken her arm to see how it would heal. Exposed her to diseases, brought her close to death and then brought her back.
“Yup,” Peter says as his eyes follow Steve’s trajectory into the bathroom. Steve glances at Tony still asleep in the bed before he starts to undress throwing his running clothes into the hamper. He trudges into the bathroom, opening the shower door and turning on the tap.
Exploring how Peter would react to the news that Tony is still alive.
Tony goes to the kitchen and grabs the bag of candy from the other day. “What kind you want, son?”
Peter’s lip quivers and big fat tears roll down his face. “I never want to go back!”
“I should have taken you with me.”
Tony reaches forward to hand Steve his gift. “I know I suck at this.”
Had he called one of his fathers he would have found them together in the compound. Away from the common areas, in Tony’s personal living area. Watching a movie and sharing a bowl of popcorn between them. Sitting on opposite sides on the couch with their own blankets. After the popcorn was finished and the empty dish moved to the coffee table. Steve moving to the closer cushion and leaning his head on Tony’s shoulder, sliding his hand into his.
“Go sit in the naughty chair.”
“So not a threat,” Steve asks drumming his knuckles against the table.
“Christ Tony! Don’t do this!”
“There’s nothing stopping her from remembering some day. I need to know so I can help her through it.”
“Go sit with your sister. I’m not going anywhere.”
“I’m thirsty.”
Steve laughs. “We will make cookies and eat candy canes until our stomachs hurt tonight.”
Steve fixes bagels for both of them. They eat a small breakfast before Steve decides to head out for a run. He sets Peter up on the couch with some cartoons and a cup of water.
Tony reaches out and pinches Steve’s butt causing him to turn around and slap Tony’s hand. He laughs and shakes his head before sitting on the coffee table. He’s about to tell Tony he’s an asshole just as Peter comes in the room. Peter climbs up onto Tony’s chest and sits on top of him. “Are you sick Daddy?”
Steve knocks on the screen door as he stands on the porch. He can hear the dog barking from within the house and Peter appears at the door closely followed by Marie. It frustrated him that they were letting Peter answer the door. It was never a problem in the tower because no-one had made it that far through security to get up to the penthouse. Also there wasn’t a door just the private elevator. They did stay at the mansion sometimes. The one Tony grew up in but staff would be there days before they even showed up. Someone was always stationed at the gate. The point being in Tony and Steve’s line of work they dealt with dangerous people and anyone could be showing up at the door. The last person they wanted opening the door was their young child. Steve doesn’t comment on it as they invite him in the house.
She blinks sleepily up at him and yawns. Tony kisses her and then slips out of the room.
The two cuddle up and Steve flips through the channel until they find something interesting.
She holds out a grubby hand. “I want another one.”
“Why did I ever marry you? My mother told me not to and I should have listened,” Pepper says as she sets the last of her bags were packed and by the door. They usually had Christmas decorations up by then but the house remained in its usual state.
With shaky hands she slides up the hem of her fall yellow sweater to reveal the dark purple bruises scattered over her abdomen.
Steve carries Peter to his room not wanting him to hear any more of it. He was starting to grow annoyed with May and Ben. They didn’t need to be saying things like that in front of Peter. It was going to put ideas in his head. His son was already having a hard time this week. Making up stories and having nightmares. He didn’t need to hear the adults discussing ghosts like they were real.
Steve already knows what’s in the square blue box, a thick silvery ribbon tied around in a bow. He carefully unties it and opens the box. He slips off his watch from his left wrist and discards it on the side table. He pulls out the new one from the box. It wasn’t any old watch, it was loaded with the latest tech developed that year. This one was special though because it was made by Tony’s own hands.
50% DNA shared, 23 segments
“Shh, you’re okay,” Steve assures him when he tries to hug him again. Peter really starts fighting him and kicking at him.
“We’re not.”
Peter wraps his arms around Steve’s neck.
“He’s a sweet kid. The Miller boy went missing from that house. They have a right to know.”
“You know better, ” Steve says getting angry. “You are under no circumstances to go outside like that. Do you understand me?” He grabs Peter’s arm to get his attention and make him look at him. Peter nods at him but doesn’t say anything. Steve lets go of his arm and stands up, moving his hand to Peter’s back and leading him out of the room. He feels frustrated when he sees the hallway bathroom is occupied. So instead he takes Peter into their room and private bathroom. Tony is in the shower and the bathroom is full of steam. “Hey Tony!”
“Do you want to lie down again?”
He jerks his head up and looks straight at Steve. “Do you have Peter? Is he okay? Oh god. I just left him.”
“He hurt me,” she whispers, her voice coming out in a pained squeak.
He pulls his legs in and makes himself smaller.
Both men burst out laughing and Tony denies that he’s ever said anything like that in front of Peter. Steve shakes his head as he tears open an alcohol swab packet and cleans off the tip of the thermometer before handing it to his son.  Tony gives Steve a look before he opens his mouth. Peter a little excited jams it in. “Ow! Fuck! Peter!” Tony sits up and moved his jaw around.
Tony grabs a sucker from the kitchen and is unwrapping it as he walks back to the couch. He shoves it into Peter’s mouth. It immediately drops out sticking to Steve’s white shirt. “Oh god, Tony? Why?”
“You need help?” She shakes her head as she pulls off her wet clothes before wrapping a towel around her body.
“If we’re lucky he’ll be able to call tomorrow.”
“But Daddy threw them away and no-one gets to eat them! I wanted them!”
“There’s sand in my bathing suit,” she says pulling it away from her skin.
“You watch way too many movies. I’m not even going to dignify that with an answer. Delusions. You can’t shock someone out of them. I have to play along or he gets scared. Or worse hurt. Like the spill he took in the kitchen. I’m taking care of Tony,” Steve explains condescendingly
Tony adjusts her on his lap, pulling her thumb out of her mouth. Her big brown eyes look up at him before she sighs and pushes the present away. Tony slides the gift on to the couch before standing up with her.
Steve stifles a laugh, if he started laughing it would definitely wake Tony up. He knew if husband was exhausted and would struggle to fall back asleep.
“Would you like me to order a vajazzle kit for you?”
There’s a change in his face, in his eyes, in the way he holds himself letting Peter know that his Papa is back. Steve begins to speak softly to him. “What  happened little guy? Did you fall?” Steve asks as he kneels down to assess Peter’s injuries.
“They’re just very messy and accident prone,” Tony explains as he drops the bag by the door and greets Mrs. Potts handing her a hostess gift and a nice wine he brought.
“Anything else you want to insult me about?”
Tony hurries over there and opens the door before Thor can tear it off the frame. He’s pulled into a forceful hug. “Tony’s fine, Point Blank. No need for titles.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter runs out of the room and Tony disappears into the bathroom to splash water on his face and find some cold medicine. He’d need something stronger to get through the day.
Tony groans and leans back on the bed, covering his eyes with his hands. Peter’s bad attitude all day had his nerves wearing thin. He hears the sound of Peter’s pants hitting the tile floor.
“Merry Christmas May!”
The wine glass clinks against the others as she pulls it from the cabinet. Even when she tries to close it softly, the sound echoes through the room. She digs through the pantry until she finds a bag of chips. She gathers her things and glances into the main floor family room. She wonders if they can hear the tv or see the light coming through under their door. Instead she walks the few steps into the downstairs family room and places her things on the coffee table. She turns on the lamp and looks for the remote. After finding something to watch she settles into a cozy corner of the overstuffed couch and pulls an afghan around her body. It looked like one her Uncle Bucky had made. He had started crocheting as part of his rehab. He wanted to use his hands to create something good.
Steve sits up and pats Tony’s knee. “Let’s go for a walk. Clear your head.”
She nods weakly at him before lying her head against his chest.
three hours before
“My doctor at the the place.”
“Peter, don’t—”
“Baby, who’s angry?”
“You think I’m beating our fucking kid? Seriously? Where are the bruises Tony? What? I come home from a frustrating day at S.H.I.E.L.D and I take it out on him? I’m not a fucking monster.”
“Did you compliment sandwich me?”
“Have you taken something for it? I have medicine in my room,” she asks as she heads down the hallway.
“Why was she in the forest and not on Asgard?”
Steve wakes up and goes about his day. Quietly, he gets dressed so as not to wake Tony. Peeking into his son’s room, he sees a lump under the covers. He shakes his head and sighs, thinking about how weird Peter sleeps sometimes. He decides to go for a run on the road. Returning home, Steve is feeling surprised Peter isn’t awake and watching cartoons. He makes a mental note to check on him before going to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water from the fridge. The house is warming up with the summer temperatures soaring outside. He heads to the bathroom to take a cold shower.
“Are you hoping I’ll say it’s been months? Because it’s not that. You won’t like the answer.”
“It’s been a long time. I was trying to make you comfortable.”
Tony packs the small lunch bags and starts to clean up the kitchen. He can hear Beverly screaming from her room that she doesn’t want her hair done. The crying as Steve starts to brush her hair and pull it back into some kind of pony tail. Her eyes are still red rimmed when they return to the room, her light blonde hair pulled into pigtails. Steve walks with her backpack to the counter and puts her lunch bag into it.
Tony feels the steady rise and fall of her chest against his. She’s still asleep or very good at faking it.
Peter sucks in a breath. It was starting to push on a nerve every time Tony made a comment like that. They were in no way his parents. Hell, there was definitely a time where he wished Tony was his father. He had even spent more time than he cared to admit day-dreaming about it. There was always this guilt he would feel after having those thoughts. It would be a slap in the face to his Aunt May. She would understand though and that would only make things worse.
“Stop touching that right this instant!” Tony raises his voice as he scolds him realizes the Peter is playing with the catheter. Peter withdraws his hands and almost immediately notices the IV in his arm. Steve grabs his hand before he can try pulling that one out.
“Sorry. You’re a light sleeper. I try not to wake you in the morning.”
Steve slinks down so he’s lying next to Tony. “Fine, we’ll cuddle. But no tickling or touching below the trousers.”
“Tony!”
Steve puts in his card and keys in the code. With a big smile on her face she grabs it from the machine. Tony gets an ice cream cone and Steve gets a toasted almond ice cream bar. They go into a sterile looking meeting room with its grey walls. Steve unwraps her ice cream for her before doing his. They chat as they eat their dessert.
He wasn’t surprised, he knew he would be called out on a mission soon. He wanted more time to settle in with the kids and he thought they had another couple of weeks.  New intel came in and they had to move today or they would miss their opportunity.
“Peter! What are you doing?”
“Tony?”
“It’s always I’m sorry with you,” Tony says doing his best to ignore him as he goes back and forth from the kitchen to the table. He didn’t really know what he was doing down here. He wanted to be back home with Peter. It was always hard when they had to leave for a mission or had to be out of state for SI business. It honestly wasn’t where he envisioned his life would be ten years ago. Marriage wasn’t something for him, he enjoyed the freedom of being single. Somehow the stubborn soldier with a godlike body had changed his life.
“I don’t understand. Where the hell were you? It’s been years!”
Tony sits up and slides effortlessly onto Steve’s lap and rests his head in the crook of Steve’s neck. Steve’s arms wrap around him.
“Her mother told her. They knew something was going to happen. Left her somewhere safe. Told her you would come get her. I’m not going to be the person that takes that away from her.”
Steve reaches for his wallet in his back pocket and starts to pull out pictures. He finds one that is worn and yellowing. Black and white. A little girl. It looks almost identical to the picture in the folder.  “This is a picture of my mom,” Steve says turning it over showing where it says Sarah and the year 1900.
“Peter, listen. I’m sorry for yelling at you earlier. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Hey!” Tony shouts as he closes the distance between them, grabbing Peter’s arm roughly when he catches up to him. He pulls his child towards him. Peter’s movements are rag-doll like and he doesn’t acknowledge Tony. He pulls against Tony’s hold, his arm out like someone else is dragging him away.  “Hey!” Tony shouts at him again but there is no response. Tony raises his hand and smacks Peter’s bottom. Tears spring into Peter’s eyes, he looks confused back and forth between Tony and his stinging backside.
“I’ll take him,” Thor offers holding out his arms. “Steve said you needed to rest and I’m here to help.”
"No, I am not." She let out loud sob hearing his words. "Now, lets get to saving our boy, Barnes needs us."
The Colonel's eyes lingered on Toni for a few seconds before he followed a few feet after the angry CEO. "Pepper, stop." He glanced back to the Genius. "Look, we've been stressful time. Let's not do this. Let's not walk away angry. We can't fight. Not the three of us. We have been through too much for this."
They finish their ice cream and Steve stands up and walks over to the sink. He grabs some paper towel and wets it. He walks back over to his daughter and starts to clean her face and hands. He laughs as he finds ice cream in her hair. He points it out to Tony before cleaning it up.
“I didn’t...I didn’t... I...He told Tony that I’ve been hurting him. And when Tony confronted me on it, I just felt betrayed. You know? He’s my husband. He should trust me. How could he think—” Steve pauses again trying to collect himself.
“This is why no-one can stand being around you.”
“You know your Papa’s job is really important.”
“No! I want my dad! Let me go!”
“Richard? My very much dead father?” Peter asks, narrowing his eyes in confusion.
“Get your shoes on and go. You better be on your best behavior.”
“It’s sour apple,” May volunteers.
“Tony hit me. Tony hit me,” Peter starts repeating shocked as he backs away from his mentor.
“Is the tooth fairy real?” Peter asks.
“Uncle Clint and Aunt Nat.”
Tony looks over at him sadly, his mouth in a straight line.
Feedback
Steve opens his eyes and looks over at Tony’s sleeping form knowing it will be a couple more hours until he woke up. His husband was by no means a morning person. It actually worked out well for him. He could wake up and have his coffee, taking his morning to himself until their son woke up.  That was if Tony wasn’t still up from the night before. It was easy for him to get lost in work, locked up in lab and not realize the time. Peter hadn’t come to their bed last night so Steve was relieved he didn’t have another nightmare. He was probably just nervous about being in a new place. Steve gets out of bed and heads into the kitchen. He grabs a cup of coffee and heads out to the back patio. He finds Ben and May already sitting out there drinking coffee. He joins them sitting on the overstuffed red cushion of the chaise lounge.
Peter leans in and wipes his tears on Steve’s shoulder. That was probably the most he would get out of Peter in the interaction.
He gives her a squeeze. “I can certainly do that.”
“How do you like school? What grade are you in now?”
Thanks for the kudos and likes. I'm hoping to keep updating this on a weekly basis.
*****
“I’m coming down there.”
“We’re raising a mini Tony. Maybe it’s time for you guys to take him back.”
The bowl of pasta had fallen to the floor, the glass breaking, red sauce spreading across the white tile.
Steve catches movement out of the corner of his eye as he’s pouring coffee into his mug. “Peter, you up?”
Peter stands up shakily, blood dripping from his knees. The tears flood his eyes and roll down his face as they resume walking. “Stop your crying. There’s barely a cut.” Peter wipes at his tears and tries but it won’t stop. He catches up to Steve and still needing that comfort grabs for his hand. Steve pulls his hand loose and rounds on him, slapping his face hard. Peter’s eyes go wide and he can’t breathe for a second.
“Get up! Both of you. Now. Go stand against the wall.”
Tony helps her stand up and they walk out to living-room. She climbs onto the couch and lies down. Tony goes into the kitchen and grabs her medicines from the fridge. He sits on the couch with her and measures out the dose in droppers.  She whines as Tony sits her up and brings the dropper of red Tylenol to her mouth. “Take this one first. I know it’s nasty but it’s the sweet amoxicillin next.”
His worry grows as he hears them crying and calling for him. He carefully walks further into the room before he sees Peter running towards him.
“What do you want me to do with it?” Peter asks, his voice thick.
“I didn’t? I thought I did on the phone earlier. A little girl. Here,” Steve takes his phone out and projects the image into the air. He scrolls through it, the one from the file, and ones he’s taken in the facility.
“It’s early son. Get back in bed I’ll be back home when you wake again.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Steve!” the little girl exclaims as he comes in the room. Beverly jumps up from a spot where she is playing with other girls to run up and run to him. She launches into his arms as he encases her in them. She looks up at Tony as he pulls out of the hug.
Peter spares her a glance before saying softly, “I’m not talking to you.”
As they are finishing up breakfast, their living room is suddenly filled with agents. Fury, Hill, and Coulson among others. Tony gets up to refill his coffee cup.
He backs away from Steve and squats down on the side of the road, covering his ears with his hands and squeezing his eyes shut. “That’s not Steve. That’s not your Papa,” he starts to repeat to himself. He was scared out of his mind and his body was telling him to run. He couldn’t outrun his Papa there was no way. He hears Steve’s heavy footfall until his body cast a shadow over him. Peter swallows but refuses to look up at him. He screams as Steve grabs his arm and pulls him up, his free hand instinctively covering his behind thinking Steve is going to hit him. The blow never comes as Steve lets go of his arm and pats his shoulder instead.
Tony raises an eyebrow at him as he squirts shaving cream into his hand. Peter holds out his hand and Tony gives him some so he can pretend like he’s shaving. Peter finds his toy razor on the vanity top. Tony starts to carefully shave his iconic goatee.
“Papa! What did you get?” Peter asks abandoning his pile of toys to climb onto Steve’s lap.
Peter sits back so he can see Tony’s face that is looking perplexed.
She stops walking and looks over at him. “I only pretend to know everything. She took a leave of absence. Sick mom or dad. When she came back she was married and with the baby. Quick but you assume it’s grief. I had no reason to look into her.”
“Huh?”
“Nothing. I’m just worried about his breathing and suggested seeing a doctor—”
“What the hell am I supposed to think when he comes to me and says that?”
“Bad news bears,” Peter says remembering something his father had said about the man and he knew it references some old movies his dad watched as a kid.
“That’s a nice name. You look like you’re going to grow big and strong like your Papa one day.”
Peter and Beverly quickly get up and stand by the far wall.
She nods at him again and he kisses her forehead before rushing back into the room. Steve is bent over in pain. “Fuck that still hurts. He kicked me in the nuts. Serum doesn’t help with that.”
Beverly tries to weasel out of Tony’s arms. “Tony! Let me go! I have to run!”
“Tony, I told you not to wake them up!” Steve complains in the doorway of Peter’s room. Tony is coaxing him awake, covering his small face with kisses. Telling him it’s Christmas and time to get out of bed.
“Now listen. I’ll have to go to SHIELD for a couple days but after that I’m off for a bit. You’ll have as much of me as you want.”
Peter’s eyes open slowly and his room comes into focus. It’s still night and moonlight is peeking in through the blinds. The orange fox nightlight is still illuminating his room. He tries to move his hand to scratch his nose but it won’t budge. That’s when he notices the hair cascading down next to him. His eyes dart up and there she is, the white dead fish eyes lady. He starts to panic and he’s yelling in his mind telling his body to move. His body won’t listen and her hand is moving closer to him. She touches his face gently in an almost affectionate manner. She turns and looks towards the hallway as if she hears something. With that she starts to float out of the room until her figure just dissipates.  Finally he can move again. He screams and cries, afraid to get off the bed, afraid to stay on the bed. He needs to get out of the room.
“Go get your toys out.”
Steve is surprised by Peter’s explanation having never stopped to think about how his son would perceive the world. “Daddy and I don’t sound the same either.”
“So you should have called or came home to ask.”
“Good morning. How’d you sleep? Awful? Me too. Our psycho kid keeps trying to run into the woods.”
“Babe,” Steve says using the pet-name he always uses when he’s on Tony’s bad-side.
He releases him and stands back.
“No listen. He tried to make chicken. And he thought it was like a steak. So he cooked it medium and tried to serve it. Whatever medium is for chicken. It was pink and I had to throw it out.”
“That sounds like a load of bullshit. You let your daughter grow up without you. Left me alone to figure out this shit without you.” Peter’s voice trails off at the end of the sentence before it comes back with vigor. “I got into MIT. Are you proud of me?”
“When they were in the past, the seventies or whatever, everyone was in black and white.”
The waves crashed loudly as they walked down the beach. It was nowhere near as busy as in the summer, there were a few people in wetsuits surfing and an older couple walking along the beach. Steve’s two children ran around wildly in front of him. Every few minutes he was reminding them to stay back from the water and to not get too far ahead of him. The temperatures were cooler but it felt warm in the sun.  He had dressed the children in long pants and jackets. Peter was already tugging at his to pull it off. Peter pauses and looks at the jacket in his hands before running back to Steve and holding it up towards him. Steve takes it without a word and shoves it into his backpack that is holding water bottles and juice boxes.
“Morgan.” Why did Tony ask so many leading questions. Steve couldn’t think clearly he just can’t stop answering Tony’s questions.
“Daddy turns them on for me,” he explains trying to bend Steve’s will.
“That house should be torn down and let the forest grow over it. No-one should be living on that property,” Marie adds before sadly looking at her husband. “Poor Katie had such a rough time after that. She’s never gotten over losing her best friend.”
“Yeah. He’s too busy being a zombie.”
He senses Steve standing close behind him as he picks up two of the plates and walks around him to set the table. Steve trails behind him.
“Where’s Henry?” Peter asks as he lets Beverly into his home. “I thought he was driving from Baltimore with you.”
His son looks up from his book and says, “what?”
“And you would do the same in my shoes?”
Peter looks up at Tony and considers what he says before he starts listening to the doctor. He makes it through the breath sounds and her looking into his ears and nose. He says ‘ahh’ when she puts the tongue depressor in his mouth.
“Gobble gobble! Turkey!” Beverly yells before jumping onto the couch.
The doctor puts the swab back in the tube and looks at Peter. “We have one more test buddy and that’s it. Okay?”
The door flies open and Tony is rushing towards him. The memories of Tony’s scolding post ferry incident are flooding Peter’s mind. Tony furiously advances backing Peter against the wall. Peter holds his hands up defensively as Tony grabs him roughly by the collar.
Another long pause.
The words scare Tony and all the awful possibilities cross through his mind. He had been hurt and betrayed by those closest to him before. He loved Steve and trusted him the best a person with major trust issues could.
*****
Note: If you don’t want a reply, for any reason (sometimes I feel shy when I’m reading and not up to starting a conversation, for example), feel free to sign your comment with “whisper” and I will appreciate it but not respond!
Tony rests his head on Steve’s shoulder and tries to regulate his breathing. “Tony, tell me what’s going on?”
“I don’t think so,” Peter says abruptly ending their cuddle session and hopping out the bed. “Is Daddy awake?”
“I want my candy,” he says reaching for the bag in Steve’s hands. Steve pulls it out of his reach and walks into the kitchen to put it on top of the fridge.
Note: If you don’t want a reply, for any reason (sometimes I feel shy when I’m reading and not up to starting a conversation, for example), feel free to sign your comment with “whisper” and I will appreciate it but not respond!
“You wouldn’t make it down. You’d hit the rocks. Break all your bones,” Peter points out.
“I know but you’ll find someone better.”
Tony doesn’t think he just acts as he slides his hand under the rim of Steve’s boxers. Steve is already reacting as Tony fingers feel the coarse pubic hair before finding soft flesh. Steve’s body is responding to him, hardening up. Just as his hand is about to slip around the growing hardness, Steve pushes him away roughly.
He could move, he was awake. He had to get out of the room. She was walking towards him but not in a normal way. There was something wrong with her ankle. She’s getting closer. Peter jumps off the bed and runs towards the door. She was a ghost so he’d pass through her. Right? That wasn’t the case and he’s thrown back hard. His head slamming with an audible thump against the hard edge of the metal bed frame. He holds his breath unable to suck in air. Then it all comes in with a rush and the wailing starts. His door flies open and the ghost is gone. Tony is standing in the doorway looking worried. “Kid, what did you even do?”
Peter giggles and pulls out of his arms.
“Henry and I are through. I don’t want to talk about it,” Beverly says awkwardly shuffling in a suitcase.
He sits on the bed and reaches out to brush Peter’s hair out of his face. It’s a few seconds before Peter’s brown eyes pop open. He reaches his arms out for Steve to hold him as soon as he sees him. Steve opens his arms and Peter gets out from under the covers and climbs into his lap. Steve encases him in his arms and kisses his forehead. “Good morning baby.”
“Here, take it off,” Steve says as he starts to help her take it off. The house was so secluded they never worried about letting Peter run around outside naked. So Steve doesn’t even think twice about it.  After they both finish rinsing off he grabs towels and they head to the deck to dry out in the sun. Steve grabs his sunglasses and lounges on one of the deck chairs. He closes his eyes and listens to the pitter-patter of little feet hitting the deck as Beverly plays.
“Have to admit I’m slightly disappointed. I was gearing up for a huge fight with you. What happened to us? We used to barely be able to have a conversation.”
“Thank you. I appreciate it.”
“Hey FRIDAY, where can I get my vagina vajazzled?”
“No. I don’t owe him one,” Peter shoots back.
“Get upstairs now!”
“Let me at least make sure you’re okay.”
“You knew it was going to happen. ‘Even Dead I’m The Hero’ and that fucking hologram at your funeral. Morgan was traumatized. Hell, I was too. Fuck you,” Peter spits out, hating the anger in his voice as the words flood out. His heart was beating so hard in his chest and his mind felt cloudy. Tony had left him just as Uncle Ben had and maybe somehow deep down it was his fault.
“He has you wrapped around his finger.”
Steve shakes his head as he looks at them in the rear-view mirror. “Quiet please. I want to listen to this,” he says as he turns up the radio.
“It’s a finger prick. It will only hurt for a second.”
“It’s no problem. I’m going to wake the kid up,” he says as he stands up and goes back inside. He walks down the hall before slowly opening the door to Peter’s room and peeks inside  His child always cocooned himself in the blankets, the only thing sticking out was a tuft of messy curls. Steve sits on the bed and starts to untangle the blankets earning a whine from Peter. “It’s time to get up buddy,” he says softly and Peter loosens his grip on the blankets and lets them be pulled away. He cuddles into his father not ready to open his eyes.
“She knows you’re her father.”
“Stop!” he squeals causing Tony to look over at them. His parenting style was more of let’s see how this plays out where Steve probably would have stopped it right away. Tony instead turns on the news station to see what is going on in the world.
He’s trying to get to Peter and pull him out of the water. It feels like he’s moving through molasses. He speaks to the comm in his ear, his breath ragged between each word,  “Cap. He’s here. I’ve found him. We need med-evac.”
“We will,” Ben assures him as he steps outside the screen door slamming behind him.
Steve is in a heightened sense of panic. His mind is racing and he’s overwhelmed, struggling to process new information but he can’t just lock himself in his room. He had his children to look after. Beverly starts squirming in his arms and asking to be let down. He waits until they walk up the path from the beach and are back on the lawn.
“Are your ears bothering you, sweetie?” Mrs Potts asks.
“Are you feeling alright, Tony?”
Tony looks through the door back into the house. Peter comes into the sunroom and looks up at his parents. “I can’t find my Iron Man,” he says referring to his plush toy. Tony can’t help but smirk at him as he pulls him into a hug.
“What were you out of bed for?” Steve asks.
Suddenly Peter is shoved to the ground and the woman is shielding him with her body. The creature has attacked them from behind. “I’m going to get up and I need you to run,” the woman says as she spins around and pulls a sword seemingly out of nowhere. Peter doesn’t stay to watch the fight and instead he takes off running. He doesn’t stop until he came to the creek. He looks it up and down trying to find a spot where it’s thinner or perhaps where there is a bridge.  No such thing is found and there’s choice but to walk through it. He didn’t know how long he had been running but the woman or the creature never showed up again. The sun has risen in the time he’s been out here. That much he knew. Rain had started to fall causing the ground to become muddy and slick. His parents would be up soon and notice that he was missing. He had to find a way across and quickly. He didn’t want to think of the punishment he’d receive if his parents found him sneaking back into the house.
Pepper gets to her before Tony does and smooths down her dress. “Sweetie, don’t show people your underwear.”
“I thought you had a right to know and should have first choice in getting custody of her.”
“I’m leaving. Tony is having trouble remembering his life. Don’t startle him by correcting him. You can’t force the memories. Play along with it.”
“Your husband. I see. Peter seems to be a good kid.”
She plants on her feet and lifts her head revealing a face with dark eyes and pale skin. “My son,” the ghoulish creature says. Her voice dry like the crackling of leaves on a fall day.
Tony finally gets the alarms working. At 3:30 a.m., he wakes up to his phone buzzing. He grabs it and projects the image onto the closet door. It is very clearly Peter unlocking the sliding door and heading outside. He turns towards Steve and shakes his shoulder until he wakes up.
“Fine,” Beverly says annoyed but Peter’s laughter is contagious and she can’t stop herself from a fit of giggles.
Pepper’s food order arrives. Tomato soup and grilled cheese. The kids eat it up greedily. Peter’s stomach isn’t well. He goes upstairs complaining his stomach is hurting. He goes into his parents bathroom because he’s really starting to feel sick and he wants his Dad to hold him. Tony wakes up to the sound of crying and finds Peter kneeling in front of the toilet. Peter is throwing up and tears are streaming down his face. Tony cleans him up, wiping his mouth and flushing the toilet. He gives him a glass of water, but Peter is unable to hold it down.. Tony sits on the bathroom floor with him holding him in his lap, rocking him softly and wiping sweat from his brow.
Peter hesitates before admitting bashfully that he hadn’t. Steve grabs his shoulders and leads him back to his bedroom. Hefting his suitcase up onto the dresser and unzipping it. He opens the top drawer and starts to move Peter’s clothes into it. Peter stands off to the side with his arms crossed. Knowing if he tries to help Steve will only tell him he’s in the way. His father’s parenting style could be described as smothering and over-protective. It’s not always something that Peter minded. He never has to pack his own suitcase or in this case have to unpack it. Steve is always up for cuddling and never scolds Peter telling him he’s getting too old. It balances with Tony’s more hand-off approach to parenting. Together they average out to one normal parent.
“Hello?”
“I’m coming down there. You’re not doing this alone.”
“I needed you.”
“What?!” Tony says shocked.
“Tony, something is wrong.”
“It’s me. Baby girl, how are you doing?”
“It’s not me!”
Steve looks out the large windows of the sunroom towards the bedroom he and Tony are staying in. There were no curtains on the windows and he could see that they were still sound asleep. There was no chance of Tony overhearing.
“Dad,” Peter says much too softly for him to hear.
“Me!” Peter says excitedly.
Tony puts the margarita back on the table and leans into the couch cushions. He wasn’t going to admit it but Steve was right.
“Oh stop!” Marie says as she slaps her husband’s arm. “I’m sure they don’t believe in ghosts. That’s silly.”
On the second day, Peter is getting better and his vitals are looking really well. The doctors decide to take him off oxygen and observe him for a few hours. It’s late in the evening so Tony and Steve are making their makeshift beds on the couches in the room. Peter had fallen asleep while they were playing a card game. With all the medications it was hard for him to stay awake for very long. Steve wakes up a few hours later with a start as the steady sounds of the machines change instead to frantic beeping. He shakes Tony awake before he’s fully aware of his surroundings or what is going on in the room. The two men watch helplessly as doctors and nurses rush into the room. Peter had stopped breathing and gone into respiratory arrest.
“Papa is only in his panties.”
“You’re not excused from the table,” Steve says.
Tony grabs the drink, “I think I can have just one.”
Steve leans over Peter and gently grabs Beverly’s face to get a closer look at her eye. “That’s definitely going to bruise, sweetie.”
“Can we please listen to music? The news is so boring,” Beverly whined from the backseat.
Steve grabs the sleeve of his pajamas and points out the paint. All over his right sleeve and on the front of his pajamas. Peter’s eyes go wide and he tries to find a logical explanation. He had not gone anywhere near it. Steve starts to lecture him but he’s not listening that closely. He keeps denying that he’s done anything. Tears are flooding his eyes, too early in the morning to be dealing with being yelled at. Steve must have asked a question because he’s looking at Peter expectantly. His mouth goes dry and the angry look on his father’s face is only making his mind go more blank.
He wouldn’t have that comfort this time around. It was in a remote enough area he assumed it would be another set of safe houses. No chance to stay in a hotel with hot water and a bed. Tony had introduced him to phone sex and he found himself really enjoying it. They had tried it with video a few times but he preferred it without. Listening to Tony gasp and moan as he described what he was doing to his body always got him so aroused he felt dizzy. He tried to avoid touching himself to build up suspense, to achieve a stronger orgasm.
Peter’s room is dark when he enters so he goes to the dresser and turns on the nightlight. “You left the closet open,” Peter whines. Steve closes the closet and stands next to his bed. “You didn’t turn the nightlight on! I was so scared when I woke up!”
“Not much of anything. That you kids are doing well. That Pepper is getting married in a few months.”
Tony enjoyed hearing about her adventures in the woods surrounding their home. Morgan was incredibly imaginative and told him an elaborate story about a clearing she had found. From what she described, Tony assumed a shed had once stood there. Now it was just rotted boards and rusted nails. Rusted out yard equipment. Morgan told him about a girl who lived there and got to play all day. Being friends with wild foxes and deer. Without parents to make her go to school or do chores. Tony was fascinated by her story but worried about the dangers. He had warned her to not step on the boards or touch the rusty metal.
“Can I see my mommy then?” Beverly asks innocently.
“He’ll be pissed when he sees your room. Play with my son and all this gets cleaned up before Daddy comes to check on you.”
This story is part of the
Tony lands and steps out of his IronMan suit. Jarvis detected a heat signature here. The size of a child. Peter is lying in the creek face down, his face submerged in the water. Tony’s vision blurs, his left arm throbs, his hands are trembling uncontrollably.  His thoughts wandered back to those parenting classes Steve insisted they attend.
She flicks her rest and the all the drawers from the dresser float out before flipping over and spilling the contents on the floor. She returns the empty drawers to their place. She cocks her head to the side as she stares at him.
Steve smiles at Tony before heading out of the room to check on their son. He pulls the covers back and it shocked to find the bed empty. He whirls around and pulls open the closet. It’s empty so he head into the hall and looks around. Worry is starting to take over as he starts frantically searching the house. He does a quick sweep of the basement.
“Yeah everything is fine. Bev has an ear infection. Took her to the doctor this morning.”
“Dad?”
“Dead?” Steve finishes feeling like he’s in some Halloween sitcom episode and not real life.
“And you go to daycare afterwards?”
“On Beverly?”
“You’re kidding.”
“Daddy,” he implores reaching out to shove his shoulder. Tony throws his legs over the side of the bed and scrubs his face with his hand. Peter moves in between his legs and goes to grab his hand. “Daddy you have to hurry. It’s gross.”
“For your job?”
“What did we talk about last time you left time-out early?”
New information comes to light about Beverly and Steve struggles to deal with it. The family tries to have a decent Christmas together.
Tony kisses Peter’s temple again before instructing Peter to get up so they can go out to the kitchen. Peter reluctantly follows Tony out there figuring it’s better than being alone in his room. He slips his hand into Tony’s and stays a few steps behind him.
Tony stiffens as she hugs him, he reluctantly puts an arm around her when Steve gives him a disapproving look.
*—My dog wandered off when I was staying with my uncle and found a husky to play with.
Peter quickly gets off the couch and turns so he’s facing his father. He hangs his head and holds his hands together in front of his body.
He slowly rocks in son in his arms until the crying abates. He kisses his hair taking in the mix of strawberry shampoo and that unique smell that is Peter.  Tony looks up to see Steve staring back at them.
They watch her eating messily getting the ice cream all around her mouth and cheeks. Silence falls over the room and Tony decides to fill it.
Peter pulls out of his grasp and starts running towards the woods. Tony gives chase and quickly catches up to him. “That’s enough Peter,” he growls at him. He starts to spank him. Steve has made his way outside, standing on the deck barefoot watching the two of them. “Who’s the shitty parent now, Tony?” he mocks his husband.
“Just get the hell out. Go back to studying,” Tony snaps at Peter.
“Oh my god! How is it possible for you to be that dumb? Like that Tobey Maguire. He looks like he likes rocks” Peter teases from the backseat.
Peter looks up at Steve before accepting the handshake. “Peter,” he says quietly.
“It’s not that.”
Peter swallows a bite of toast. “I’d be surprised if she’s up and out of the house. She didn’t mention having plans.”
Tony smiles as he watches his family, they weren’t perfect, but he thought they had a chance at being okay. With any luck, Beverly wouldn’t remember the experiments. The wrongs Peter endured in foster care would fade away. His husband would stop brooding even though he looked quite handsome when he was.
One of the late nights when Tony is meeting with Australia, his eyes start to water and his nose feels a little itchy, so he finds himself struggling to stay awake during the meeting. In addition his mind keeps wandering. Beverly seemed to be getting worse instead of better. She was miserable every day. He was struggling to find a nanny as some are not wanting to start in the middle of a kid being sick. There was also the process of screening them and filtering out the bad ones.
“You can build any castle,” Steve says trying to cheer him up.
Tony sighs heavily. “You’re not having anymore tonight you’ve already brushed your teeth.”
*****
Peter clumsily knocks his cereal bowl over spilling milk across the table  as he tries to hit his sister.
Jerry walks over to their desktop computer and turns it on. “He’s definitely married to Steve. But who is Steve? Do you think he’s an Avenger?”
Steve puts his arm around him and kisses his cheek. Tony turns his face and catches Steve’s lips with his own. Peter squeezes between his parents again and breaks their kiss. “Do you want to come inside?”
“Why wouldn’t I be? I’ve only wanted the best for her. She’s the mother of my child.”
“Okay,” Beverly says like she’s satisfied with his answers. “I’m going to see if Peter wants to play.”
“Sure hun.”
Peter pushes the blanket off onto the floor. Steve sighs and picks it up folding it  and placing it on the cushion next to him. He notices dirt and grass caked on Peter’s feet. “Were you outside when everyone was sleeping?”
Peter couldn’t imagine having Steve as a father. He was fond of the man but he also didn’t feel like he knew him well. The man cared about him but also held him at an arm's length. The relationship felt more peer-to-peer than anything else. Steve seemed like he would be one of those strict, spare the rod, spoil the child types.
“When did people start getting color?”
“That’s—that’s disrespectful. Don’t take the Lord’s name in vain.”
Peter jumps up as Steve call his name and considers going back to the chair to do his time out but it’s too late. He looks down guiltily avoiding his father’s gaze.
“I—Pete. I—I don’t think Jesus has time for things like that.”
“You want to be there for them? You think you could help?”
Steve has a flurry of emotions running through his head as he carries her upstairs. It had been mere months since Peter’s near drowning. Tony’s words are running through his head. He hated the implication of them. His husband blamed him for Peter’s disappearance. Steve was the one watching him that morning. You’re not fucking watching her? You’ve lost another a kid? It wasn’t really what had said but Steve fills in the negativity in his head.
“Can we get a real dog?” Peter asks.
“Peter. You could have gotten hurt.”
“Why can’t I stay?”
“What do you want?” Tony asks not caring about niceties.
Peter is pulling at his mask. “Off! Take it off!” he pleads as he starts to kick his legs with no concern for the various monitors or the catheter.
“Vajazzling.”
“Will Daddy be home?” Peter asks.
Steve picks Beverly up and carries her into the kitchen, setting her on the island while he digs through the freezer for a bag of peas. He wraps it in a towel and instruct her to hold her up to her eye.
Steve opens his mouth to speak.
The woman keeps moving around them as if she’s exploding with energy. She cackles sounding older than she looks. She stops suddenly and stands directly in front of them. “This is my domain and I allow you to live here, no?”
“Daddy needs a minute,” Steve tries to explain as he hands Peter his stocking to go through.
“I’m not lying! Stop yelling at me!”
“You…you kinda deserved it.”
“You never make me a bowl of cereal,” Peter complains milk dripping down his chin.
Ben clears his throat and says, “we can take him with us. Into town.”
“I’ll take orange.”
They make it quite far down the beach when Beverly throws her jacket down and sits heavily in the sand.
“Go drink out of the bathroom sink.”
“Is this from the place you’re always telling me about?”
Peter stands up abruptly and runs to his room, yelling that it won’t be.
Tony gets down on his knees and rubs her hair off her forehead feeling her body temperature. There was a thin layer of sweat and her skin was warm to the touch.
The next morning is slow moving as Tony sits on the couch to drink his coffee. Peter is curled up under a blanket talking Tony’s ear off. Tony is trying to listen but isn’t fully awake enough yet. Beverly is all energy, running back and forth across the room.
Steve sits on the bed a pulls the phone from Tony’s hands. Placing it on the bed as he leans in to kiss him. He starts to pull up Tony’s shirt, before leaning back to pull it over his head, he whispers against his lips. “You’re so infuriating.”
Steve pulls Peter into his arms and to his chest, kissing the top of his head. “Go to sleep,” he repeats.
Tony wipes at his tears and focuses his eyes on the little bit of flesh peeking out between Steve’s shirt and boxers. Anything to keep his emotion in check because everything is starting to hurt. He had missed his children growing up. He hadn’t been there to help Peter with his powers. The kid was young and naive. He’d get himself into situations with no thought on how to get out. Tony thinks back to the Ferry incident. It’s oddly funny to him now, the anger he felt at the time long gone.
Everyone retires to their rooms early. Steve cuddles up to Tony and places kisses down his neck. His hand sliding slowly down his chest and teases the waistband of his boxers. Tony groans. “You know I can’t be quiet. Do you want to scare our guests away?”
“Pete,” Tony says, annoyed he’s skirting the question.
“I met her briefly. If I had to compare her to another Asgardian I’d say she is more like Lady Sif,—” Phil passes a piece of paper over, “—we debriefed her on the incident. She claimed the demon attacked her as she tried to lead Peter back home. She told Peter to run and pointed him in the way of the house. She’s quite young and was struggling to fight with the demon. She summoned the Bifröst to take the demon back to Asgard. She was quite upset when she heard of Peter’s near-drowning. We believe she genuinely meant no harm.”
“Go blow your nose.”
“Remember when Dad found your pot stash?”
“You’re going down a path you can’t come back from,” Steve warns before moving to nibble on his neck. “Does this mean you want to be on top?”
“No!” Peter says as he backs away from him more.
“But I didn’t. You have to leave. I’m supposed to be napping.”
“I don’t have a sister!”
“Did you?” Peter asks. “Because I’m running low and I wanted to have it today.”
“Are you lying?”
“Something is wrong, Tony.”
He ventures out of his room and down the steps. He watches Tony walk around the dining room. His hand shaking. His face distraught. Tony goes to the bar cart and shakily makes a drink. The ice clinks in the glass and he pulls the lid off the gin and fills his glass.
“When you were a kid, were people in black and white?”
“What’s bothering you?” Tony asks sitting up straighter. “You can always talk to me.”
He nervously starts to pace. “Well Steve is probably gay. MJ thinks he is. I don’t know. Don’t you remember anything with Pepper? I didn’t go to the wedding. The blip and all. I heard it was small and classy. You were with her for years. Lived out in the country—” Peter stops abruptly when he hears a crash.
“And you’re getting a time out for breaking the rules.”
“They found her files. Nat did. I read through them. Just the first ten or so. Tony, it’s horrifying.”
“I do not actually. I’m sure he was thrilled.”
Beverly rubs her arm and lets out a cry.
Tony’s exhausted and Steve’s silence indicates that he’s no longer awake. Tony was tired, his head still had a dull ache. He wants to go to sleep. Hours pass and he can’t fall asleep. Peter’s strange words running through his head. It didn’t feel like something his son would say. He reaches out and pulls Peter’s small body to his chest. He snuggles up to him and it seems to be enough to calm Tony’s mind so he can drift off.
“Pants. Shirts. I’m sure all the desperate housewives will appreciate if you show up in your undies but I won’t.”
Peter reaches down and messes with Tony’s hair before trying to grab his sunglasses. He pulls them off and puts them on his face.
“Is Daddy going too?” he asks.
“How long have you been sitting here in your own piss?”
“It’s late, Pete,” Tony says, his tone indicating he’s not pleased with the young man’s coming and going.
Steve kisses her forehead and smiles over at his husband. Tony feels worried because he knows that look. Steve has already made up his mind about adopting her. He’d have to accept it. They could manage two kids. Probably. Steve would never forgive him if he said no.
Tony hadn’t read any of the case files, he wasn’t ready for processing that information. They knew she would have problems when they adopted her. SHIELD had walked them through everything. It had been the same with Peter, but his behaviors were immediate. Beverly was normal and well adjusted though. He found himself waiting for the other shoe to drop. And when it hadn’t he started to forget that anything bad had happened to her.
Peter heads back into the room and dumps his Legos on the large rug in front of the television.
Tony has a look of pure relief on his face when he sees Steve come into the room. Steve approaches him, interrupting his lunch making to press a kiss on his lips. Beverly runs up behind him and slaps his butt.
He hops off his chair and starts to walk towards the couch.
“I remember being in my bed and then Papa woke me up and told me to follow him. Then I woke up on the couch.”
Steve returns outside in fresh clothes carrying a new outfit for Beverly to wear. He hands them to Tony.
“Huh?” Tony asks as he looks up from his work. He was still trying to catch up on what he had missed earlier. No work had been completed on the flight over because of Peter’s behavior. Steve is lying on the couch reading something from the New York Times Bestseller list. Beverly repeats her question and waits expectantly for Tony to answer. He’s distracted and doesn’t really hear her question fully. Thinking she wants to go into her room to grab something.
May is the first one to join them in the common area. Politely, she walks by the couch saying hello and commenting on how cute Peter is when he’s sleeping. Steve smiles warmly at her watching her walk into the kitchen. “It’s the only time he’s quiet and not getting into something. But he’s cute so we keep him.”
“Tony, how does this even happen?” Steve says.
“I can’t give you another pill and there’s not much else to do. Do you want to put ice on it?”
Peter pushes his chair out noisily. “Fine I’m going.” He slams his door as he goes into his room and then up to his desk to close the lid of his laptop. He didn’t want to look at it anymore. He waited for Cap to come into the room and yell at him. Nothing seemed to piss him off more than a slamming door. His parents didn’t seem to notice. He sits heavily on his bed and pulls his phone from his pocket. He sends a vague message to Ned letting him know about the DNA test. He turns on music trying to ignore the shouting, occasionally catching words.
Tony looks at him quickly goes back to what he is reading. Steve sighs and considers just getting in the shower instead of pushing it.
Radio Silence.
“The Fields, Papa,” Peter corrects.
“He was awake when I went in the room Steve,” Tony says before he starts walking back to their room. “Do you have to question everything I do as a parent?”
“IronMan, your status?” Steve’s voice comes through the comm.
“I’m sorry. I’ll go back into time out,” Peter says as he glances up to gauge Steve’s reaction. He never got in trouble for it before.
“I’m trusting you to take care of this, Rogers,” he calls out before disappearing around the corner.
Tony startles awake as it feels like the whole house is shaking. His children are sitting up slowly and looking at him fearfully.
“You get that you’re in trouble, don’t you?”
“Yes, Tony. Because I’m not accusing you of abusing our son. I know you wouldn’t do it.”
“Tony! Jesus! She’s married to someone else. I wouldn’t—”
“I meant what I said before. Do you really want to open that box? She doesn’t remember. We could destroy this and it would be gone.”
It wasn’t even his worst experience with Tony. He remembers when his father’s panic attacks used to scare him.  They’d happened out in public.
“What do you mean it’s half past seven?”
“I can’t sleep. I’m worried about Papa.”
Tony walks over to them and tousles Peter’s hair. “Hey kid.”
“No Peter, come on. Let’s get you dressed.”
Steve blinks and lets the tears fall. Tony moves in and kisses him, offering comfort the best way he knows how. He then rests his hand on Steve’s shoulder before pulling back and looking into his eyes. He wanted to reassure him that everything would be okay but he didn’t want to make that promise.
Peter pushes up one of Tony’s eyelids. “Your eye is attached.”
“What’s this next folder, Phil?”
“How was school, sweetheart?” Steve asks as he puts the car into gear and starts to drive off.
“Okay? That’s all you have to say?”
The children are loud and excited as they come into the room. Dropping their bags and shoes at the door, they rush towards Steve. He lets out a groan as one child jumps onto his chest, and the other onto his stomach. He tries holding them both in his arms as he sits up carefully adjusting them.
Steve pinches the bridge of his nose. “Send them over.”
Steve hits the top of the steering wheel again, “say something Tony! God dammit! Say something!”
“Why not?”
“Okay Jesus Crazy Legs! Stop with the rolling around and kicking. I can’t sleep you’re shaking the mattress,” Tony complains as Steve’s movement wake him up yet again just as he’s starting to doze off.
Steve ignores him as he repacks the box and places on top of a near by pile.
“I see. How is Happy doing?”
“You hurt me! I want to dress myself!”
“Oh I changed it up. Mint chocolate chip. And there’s nothing wrong with vanilla. It’s a solid flavor.”
“Daddy?” he asks trying to tell if it’s Steve or Tony. He asks FRIDAY to turn on the lights.
“I could never forget,” Tony answers. “He opened things so delicately and slowly. He didn’t want to rip the pretty paper.”
“Point being. Steve. He’s all over the place. I can’t keep everything he’s telling me straight. He didn’t destroy your painting but his pajamas were covered in paint. He didn’t go outside but his feet were covered in dirt and pine needles. He told me…he told me that…” Tony pauses not knowing if he can go there. It’s going to start a fight.
“Someone let him eat all the chocolate in his stocking before breakfast,” Tony says accusingly.
“What’s that dear?”
“Breakfast? Please? I’m starving!”
“Do you see them much?”
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
“No, Pete. We’re taking a quick shower. No playing.”
“I’m sleepy. I want you to hold me.”
Peter: Wouldn't it have a different name? Like Pejazzled?
(See the end of the chapter for
“If you don’t stop—” he pauses to make sure he has the kids attention. “—I’ll put on catholic radio.”
“Just let him cry it out. He’ll be fine.”
“Peter, come sit down with us,” the woman says. She’s joined her son on the floor.
Peter tries to ignore Tony moving outside of his peripheral vision. His heart was still beating fast. There was something really wrong and he was feeling overwhelmed. He stares down at the heavy book in his lap trying to read the terse text. Trying to block out the loud voices in the movie. He surprises himself, by concentrating long enough he can make it a few pages.
“Ben just slow down,” May pleads with him.
“But it feels weird.”
“But—” Peter starts to say before he looks back at the table. “I don’t want to.”
It was entirely too much for one day.
Peter walks over to him reluctantly.
Peter slaps her arm, “we call him Papa, dummy.”
Tony’s voice comes over the speaker. “I’ll be up there in 5 minutes, Steve. Offer him water or coffee or something.”
“Will you play with me Daddy?”
“Well, I’ll be back after two Saturdays.”
Steve gasps and covers his mouth.
Peter is opening and closing his mouth like a goldfish gasping for breath. He’s too shocked to even begin to form words in response.
Or they are planning on hitting the target in a couple hours. Trying to find something to occupy them and keep away. Steve is playing solitaire.
*****
Peter feels frozen in place as he watches Tony walk into the room. His mind is struggling to catch up when Tony pulls him into a tight hug. He is dreaming; he must be. He has dreams like this, about Uncle Ben, about Tony, about his parents. Whenever he gets a little too stressed, a little too overwhelmed the dreams would come. It would be back at home with May and Ben, just a normal day. As if nothing had even changed. The same sort of dreams with Tony. He would wake and have to remember they were gone. It had been a long time since he dreamed of his parents and he was always very young and in an unfamiliar house.
She opens a bag of pretzels and rejoins him at the table. Slowly chewing one before answering. “You have her now. She’s safe. Seemingly normal and unaffected by whatever happened. I think you should focus on that.”
“Go back to sleep. It isn’t morning yet.”
“Aunt Pepper!” Peter exclaims wrapping her into a hug.
“He has a name.”
Steve starts to walk towards the bed but the doctors yell at him to keep out of the way. Tony stands up and wraps his arm around him. They watch the scene play out in front of them as if it’s a movie. The dcotors and nurses are struggling to get Peter breathing again and another machine is starting to beep as he goes into cardiac arrest. Tony feels his knees going weak and feels like he’s going to fall when Steve grabs him and pulls him back up. They’re shocking his heart with the defibrillator pads. It’s hard from them to watch but they don’t turn away. It takes a few tries and Peter’s heart is beating again. An oxygen mask is being pulled over his face but he seems to be breathing again.
Tony stays there for a moment accepting the comfort before pulling back just slightly and kisses Steve forcefully on the lips. Tony honestly doesn’t know how he expected it to go. That Steve would reciprocate and then what? Fuck him against the table until he was so numb he would stop thinking about Pepper. Steve’s strong hands are on his shoulders pushing him back and rejecting him.
“Later,” Tony says as he closes his laptop and sets it on the side table. He gets up and sits opposite of Peter on the rug. “What do you want to build, kid?”
Steve walks up behind him and greets the neighbor. “The couple from down the road. Jerry and Marie. Peter plays with their dog,” Steve explains to his husband.
A sea shell is shoved really close to his face.
“Sure, Sam. Thanks for listening.”
“Yeah. And he’s really mad at me. But you have to believe me I didn’t do it! I know. The paints all over my pajamas but I don’t remember doing anything!”
“I am ready.”
She rolls her eyes at him but takes the cup.
“The usual traffic. So this kid, do you have pictures? Boy? Girl? You’ve told me nothing.”
See end of chapter for notes.
“It was fine. I have a bunch of homework. I have to pick a topic for my science project.”
“We have to head out,” Natasha announces as she stands up.
Tony moves even closer until he can lay his head on Steve’s stomach and drap his arm across him.
Steve sighs and flags the waitress over. They were becoming regulars there and it was a waitress they knew pretty well. He explains about Tony’s change of plans and cashed out.
Steve looks at his over the back of the couch. “Yeah he did. Tony, I--uh I spanked him.”
“Go shower Pig-pen and I’ll make you something for lunch.”
“Convenient you’re just back.”
“Oh, right.”
“But you’re all the way up there,” Peter says holding his hand up to demonstrate. “If I don’t see your face then you’re similar to Daddy.”
Steve goes to check on Peter after he hears a loud noise from the room. Peter is throwing things off his dresser and out of his closet.
“Thanks for the invite,” he says addressing Jerry and Marie before turning back to his son. “But Peter has to come home. Son, go put your shoes on.”
Tony hurries into the room, “What is going on in here?”
Peter resumes crying and kicking his legs, working up to a full-on tantrum. Tony presses the button to the call for the nurse. The two men try to calm their son down with little results. He kicks the blankets off and pulls up his hospital gown.  Steve automatically tries to smooth it down and cover his son’s nakedness.
“How long has it been going on?”
“Will you fix her hair and get their backpacks together?” Tony asks.
Peter is less upset about seeing the doctor now that he’s full of ice cream. He sits in the middle of his bed as the doctor starts going through her exam.  Steve sits on the end of the bed so Peter doesn’t feel like his parents are out of reach. Tony is standing at the end of the bed.
“Go to your room and think about what you’ve done.”
“Another ability they have is possession and I believe that is what happened to the family. It could have been seeking revenge.  It ranges from petty like being disturbed during a nap to something like a cub being killed. Perhaps they were having issues with foxes being pests on the property and the man shot one. We think with your case that you may have disturbed their nest walking through the woods,” Phil says as he passes around various pages. Careful to hand them to Steve because he remembers Tony’s odd dislike of being handed things.
Recently he had become obsessed with Goosebumps. Every week Steve would take the kids to the library for a few hours and Peter always came back with a few from that series. All things considered they were worried the books would be too scary and lead to nightmares. It had the opposite effect and seemed to be helping him get through the trauma from earlier in the year.
“Okay,” Sam says when Steve pauses for a moment.
Tony starts to drag the crying child towards the house, mumbling about tying him down to his bed. “I don’t want to hear it, Steve. Fucking middle of the night and he’s being Runaway Train over here.”
“Don’t take that popsicle out of this room,” Tony warns.
Peter sighs and follows him into the room. “I’ve been busy studying. I haven’t had time.”
Steve sighs and looks down at his daughter. He pulls her into his lap. She looks at him quizzically. “Is two weeks a long time?”
“A castle. What does the castle Thor live in look like?”
“Huh?” Tony asks as he tickles his side. “You think that’s funny?”
This author sees and appreciates all comments, but may not reply.
Beverly ceases her playing and looks up at him fearfully as he raises his voice. Peter reluctantly comes back, crossing his arms and staring down at his toes instead of meeting Tony’s gaze. Tony watches him thinking about what to do. He wished Steve was here to handle it. He hated this part of parenting, he didn’t want to discipline them. It was hard to keep his anger in check and he hated the crying.
Peter looks down crestfallen.
“It’s fine Steve,” Tony says sleepily as he gets out of the bed. He walks up to Steve and gives him a quick kiss. He reaches down to tousle Peter’s hair before heading into the bathroom and muttering something about not being able to fall back asleep.
It was a strange want, he could physically feel it, deep in his body. He wanted to hold them close, to smell their hair, and kiss their cheeks. They were much too old for that now. He wipes at his wet eyes and wills himself to stop crying. He had a husband that recoiled at his touch and two children that were away from home. He hadn’t really slept in days, maybe that was what he needed. A decent night’s sleep and maybe just maybe he would wake up and things would be back in their places.
Peter nods his head.
Dinner has been cleared from the table and adults are gathered around drinking and playing cards. Beverly climbs up on Tony as they are in the middle of a game. He wraps an arm around her and kisses her forehead. “Are you going to help Daddy play?”
“Huh?”
“Liar. You were in like second grade. Threw up in Art class and they called Dad. Steve was out on a mission. Dad was too busy to pick you up so he sent Happy.”
“The adults are talking,” Tony says.
Steve hesitates and wonders if he comes out to this guy and corrects him that he and his husband are staying nearby. That awkward equation gay people run through their head. Is this person homophobic? How will they react?
“I’m tired,” she complains lying back against the sand.
“Please,” he begs through his sobs.
“Pee,” Peter says as he rolls towards Tony.
“It’s my baby,” he whispers before kissing Peter’s forehead.
“There’s nothing there. It’s your imagination. You’re fine.”
“Papa, can we go play?”
“Dad!”
“Do you honestly think you weren’t married to Pepper? Really? Do you think you’re married to Steve? Are you two even gay?” Peter goes on walking out of the kitchen and around to the dining area.
“We’ll have to talk to Pepper. The uh… Compound was destroyed by Thanos.”
He carefully opens the closet and sees his daughter in a pile of pink blankets.
Beverly, feeling guilty over the fight with her brother, had spent the last hour cleaning up their place. It seems Peter was feeling the same way since he came back with food as a peace offering.
“Hey Sam. Good morning.”
Tony glances at the clock before heading upstairs and out of his workshop. Beverly had been napping for a while and he wanted to make sure she was still alright. He never did well when his children were sick. His mind kept slipping back to thoughts of Peter in the hospital hooked up to machines. He didn’t want to go through that ever again. It was out of his control and since that was rarely the case with things, it scared him.
“I’m sorry, Daddy,” Peter says trying to avoid Tony’s penetrating gaze.
“Nothing yet.”
“I want to open my gifts,” Peter complains.
“Hello?”
A nurse in light green scrubs comes in and gives him something to help with the anxiety. She checks his vitals again and says she’ll get the doctor to see if they can remove him from the oxygen.
“This line is so long! We’re never going to see the inside.”
“Do you want a time out?”
She nods and scoots over so he can sit by her. His arms wrap around her and his head rests against her messy blonde hair.
Steve continuing laughing and thinks about how Tony is rubbing off too much on their son. He wasn’t even sure if the kid understood that we was being sarcastic. “You know that’s not a nice thing to say. It’s like an insult.”
“Dammit. I wasted hours looking that up today.”
“What? It’s true—”
“Are you really being serious?” Beverly asks as she pulls up Google on her phone and searches for deets. She shows the results to Peter and it is literally in the dictionary as the first result. She slams her phone against her lap as she bursts out laughing. Peter tries hopelessly to control a fit of giggles.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Steve says softly. Although his thoughts about it were complicated. Mary and Richard had to die for him to have his son. It was a cruel reality. He could never say that he wished it hadn’t happened. He didn’t know what that said about him as a father. Did he really have Peter’s best interests in mind?
“Steve?”
It worried Steve and he wanted to talk to Tony about it. Peter’s behavior this whole week had been worrying. He was going to look for the number of the therapist Peter saw the first year after the adoption. Peter puts his cup on the table before settling back into the couch and finding a comfortable spot, resting his head in Steve’s lap and curling his legs up under the blanket. He quickly falls back asleep. Steve disentangles himself from his sleeping son a few times to refill his coffee. The movie ends and the rest of the house starts to wake up.
“There’s another kid we’re looking to get fostered. Child of a SHIELD agent. Someone left her in the daycare at SHIELD and never came back. Parents are dead. Steve opens the folder and is frozen with shock. There’s a little girl with blonde hair and brown eyes.
Peter looks up at him. “Can we watch a movie?”
“I’ll try.”
Peter nods sadly. “I won’t do it again.”
He realizes something is off when they get to the door. Steve breaks the cameras and the door opening sensor. “Daddy is—”
“So when do I get to meet her?”
Feedback
“Now! Get out of my house!”
“He’s out there,” Peter says as he runs back up to the sliding door. He presses his finger against the glass. “Right there Dad.”
“But Clint thinks it. Oh, god, how many people think that?”
“Babe, I haven’t been honest about why I’m down here.”
“I’ve explained it to you and SHIELD will show you the files. She’s just a kid,” Steve says getting annoyed.
“Daddy has to take a work meeting and can’t go into town.”
“I don’t want a bath. I want to stay dirty,” Peter says as he dances around. “What were you guys talking about?”
“Peter please! Just let me clean it. It will only sting for a second. I promise,” May pleads softly while her eyes glare at Steve. He was scaring the kid and making things worse.
Tony walks downstairs and joins his husband on the couch. Tony is taken aback when Steve pulls away as Tony is leaning in to kiss him.
"How so, Father?" she asked, stressing the word, while narrowing her eyes at him.
Nothing that Jones said was clicking with Toni as she was focused on her father, who she was dying to see. She couldn't forget how soft and caring he was to her, when she needed it the most. "Where's my father?" she asked, unable to keep it in.
He leaned his forehead against her, still cupping her cheeks. "I mean it, Toni. I'm here for you through everything."
"I will, ma'am," he watched her.
Putting on the biggest smile, she walked out to meet Barnes, who had agreed her with a big smile. It would have been fun to get to know him if you knew what she meant, but she couldn't do that.
Steve was only vaguely listening to Fury's banter with Loki as he was too focused on Thor. The rest of group was listening to Fury as he tried to tell Loki how screwed he was. Steve had no interest in this conversation as he couldn't get Toni out of his mind. He couldn't stop thinking about how Thor could've hurt Toni in that fight as he flung her around like a rag doll, and it pissed him the hell off. No woman should be treated like that, and Steve was itching to tell him that, though he doubted Thor would listen.
"NO! You can't." If he did that, the whole damn future would be messed up.
As he entered the room he had been staying in, he wondered maybe if he was the crazy one. Even though everyone was worried about Toni, he was the only one who was having trouble sleeping. Maybe, the lack of sleep was getting to him and he was overthinking this. Maybe, he wasn't thinking logically. Maybe, help from Loki was the only way. If so, why was he making such a big fuss? Shouldn't they try everything regardless of if they liked it or not?
Natasha let out a huff. "She's a child."
"Toni," Steve called and reaching out to her. "It's okay. It's okay." He was almost singing to her.
"Yes, Miss. His current location is on the 97 level in the weight lifting room."
Switching the ice bag to her broken left hand, she felt him flinch as she grabbed his hand. Ignoring that and his rapid heartbeat (which she could feel through her grasp), she pulled him to the couch and sat him down. She wasn't going to hold it against him, as he was innocent and naive unlike her; he wasn't comfortable around women. After she had him sitting, she pressed the cold compact to his face. She felt him jump at her touch but he didn't pull away. Though he couldn't really look at her with the pouch on his face, she felt his eyes on her.
"I know, but-" Steve didn't finish as the door that Toni disappeared through opened, silencing the room. He eyed the door, waiting for someone to walk through. He sucked in his breath and held it as he waited perfectly still. Toni was always able to do this to him, even when she wasn't try to, and this time was no different.
crappy-okay, not completely crappy. Still, it wasn't the four stars of apartments. Though, she had to ask herself if she was being objective. Sure, it wasn't the most expensive, but it was decent, which was what Steve was going for. He was paying for it. Toni had offered to pay for a nicer one, using the excuse that she would visit more, but Steve flat out refused. Being the man that he was, he wanted to pay for everything himself, which was one thing Toni loved about him. Though, even if he did have a better apartment, it was
"I think he'll believe. Afterall, he's getting his prize, and he won't want to miss it." Pierce turned back to Rumlow. His eyes turned deadly. "So, get it done. I want those two dead, and I want Iron Man."
The interface started to flip and chip as it spun into action. The meters started to spike as the device drew in power from the Tesseract. The energy levels were rising off the charts, and the device was growing hotter with each passing second. As Toni stared at the gages, she thought the device was going to overheat and exploded. However, she knew that was what she wanted.
"What are you doing?" Clint asked, eyeing her.
"No, Steve's name," he said, giving her a look.
"I don't remember giving you a key."
Whoever that is, Tony knows he won't make life easy for anyone. But again, he's out before he can put too much stock into it.
"Uh…it's not charging." Harley replied over the phone.
The Colonel had seen the worst of war. "What can I call you?" He asked, sitting down.
*O*O*
He stepped toward her ever so slowly. "That kind of
"Jealous?" he teased as he turned another corner. He didn't look back and kept forward.
The brief didn't last long…well for Toni anyhow, who snuck out of the room during the fighting. It was easy for the recently returned genius to do so. Granted, it was all because of Steve, who was angry…well beyond angry. She had never seen the Soldier act like this, and she had to say that it was a scary thing to watch. The Avengers had all been sitting originally, when Fury and Hill started to debrief Toni, and Steve had remained close to the genius, until the subject of Loki was brought up. Once Toni told them about Loki's deal to send her back, Steve was anything but calm, and no matter what anyone said, he refused to calm down.
"Steve," Natasha called again, as she picked up a shattered Iron Man helmet. There was a large crack down the middle, while several others lined the inside. The helmet was dark and unbloodied—a sign that this helmet wasn't.
However, she couldn't sleep without them. Not with the nightmares…Not with the guilt.
Tony shakes his head as he orders FRIDAY to stop the playback. He doesn't want to think how nice it feels to have someone take care of him. He doesn't want to think about the warm feeling in his chest, because this can never happen. "I don't want that to happen again, FRIDAY," he orders.
It was that roll, which made Toni realized that she was on the cold hard ground. She moaned as her bruised face bumped against the ground. Why the hell was she on the ground? Why did Rogers put her on the ground? She was going to give that asshole a talking to, because he should at least have found a softer spot to put her down.
Her fingers danced along the
"Blow up ones don't count, Birdbrains."
"If I was lying, I would come up with a better lie. No one in their right mind would believe a time traveling story."
"I know." He took a deep breath. "Fine. I will."
Shaking his head, he picked up his pencil and started to draw the building, which was striking compared to everything else around it. To him like other buildings around the city, it was an ugly building, but it stuck out to him, drawing him in. It was something that she created.
"No, the second I saw you."
"Damn you and that Brooklyn Accent," Toni cursed as she kept a firm hand on him. Her legs always went weak at knees whenever he used that accent, and he knew it, which was why he used it so damn much. He liked to see her like this.
Yeah, that's the way you like it, isn't it? Your prey tied up and helpless." Her tone was completely nasty.
Natasha snorted from the window, her eyes still on her. "Like?" she questioned. "She is a child."
Steve made a face at swearing, which he always did when she cursed. He wasn't a big fan of her cussing. "I'm an elephant," he stated. "And you're just bad at this game."
Fury took a deep breath. "We need-"
Steve chuckled. "I have a license."
Toni let out a sigh as she turned to her boyfriend, who was neck dip into the wrapping paper. At first, it was cute/ adorable to watch Steve try to save it for next year, but now, it was annoying. Yes, Steve had come a long way from the 1940's man frozen in time, who had habits that should've died in the snow; however, somethings died hard, and this was one of them. "Steve," she called out, staring at him as he attempted to fold the wrapping paper. "What are you doing?"
"Oh, are you sassing me?" he says, a bit surprised. "Be careful, FRIDAY. I don't like you as much as I did JARVIS. Might donate you a college." He smiles slightly, remembering how much JARVIS had done for him. He misses that AI deeply.
Her body felt stiff and heavy, taking everything she had to move. Toni groaned softly as she pushed herself up using her elbows. She paused, being out of breath, and rested on her elbows. She struggled to keep herself up, but the cold air felt nice against her skin. She felt like she was on fire, like she was going to burst from the heat.
work and a strong will. You can
She punched Toni hard in the face. "Maybe, I can tell Schmidt that there was an accident. I don't know what makes you so special," she spit.
Her mind wandered to Peggy, and Toni wondered if the agent had noticed that Toni hadn't been sleeping. Yes, she had gone to bed each night with the intention of sleeping, but she just couldn't. She couldn't get her mind to stop, and it would only allow her to rest for few hours before she found herself staring up at the tent. At some point of the nights, she would watch Peggy sleep, wishing she could rest like her. Yes, it was fucken creepy, but she couldn't force herself to look away.
Unable to pass up teasing the man—hey, she was Toni Stark after all-, the genius made her way over to the man. Besides, she wasn't going to catch up with Rogers anyhow, not with her out of shape body. Her boyfriend has long since vanished from sight, almost as if he wasn't there. Even though she could fly, she had to admit that she was in awe of him. Making her way to the man—his eyes closed-, Toni let out another chuckle, as she took him in. Stopping a few feet from him, she said, "Geez, someone's out of shape."
How many times did she have to tell him that she didn't care, that she didn't need it? "We aren't anything besides roommates for a brief time." She let out a laugh. "Bad roommates, really, but again, it doesn't matter. You act like it hurt me that you did it. It didn't. I need to care for you to be hurt by you, and I don't care."
He stared at her, thinking. "Fine," he stated, crossing to her. "But I want to do something first."
Walking toward the man made lake in the pouring down rain, Toni scanned the area as if she was looking for someone. At seeing no one around, Toni got down to her knees, scratching them against the hard ground, as she reached for the ice cold water. As she was already soaked and shaking from the cold rain, her panic wasn't clear right away- not that anyone was around to see it. The water didn't seem any colder to the freezing genius as she dripped her fingers in, fighting back her fear of standing water. Her heart was racing at the sight of it, but she held herself still. Ever since coming back, her anxiety of still standing water only grew, but she refused to be control by it now. She was tired of this fear, a fear that she would never be able to get over. She was tired of being scared. She wanted to take a bath, damn it.
Forcing her hand to remain her side, Toni tried to force the names on those tags out of her mind. "Well being a soldier was my cover, which had to be some kind of practical joke. Me follow orders? Yea right."
person. How could they not find her? She was
*O*O*
Until next time.
A red Bruce laughed as Steve turned his stare on him, but before anyone could open their mouth, a sound of quinnjet roared in the distance. It wasn't loud as most air crafts were, but it stole everyone's attention. Lights lit up the sky, passing through the tower's windows, as the jet touched down on the helipad. Every eye stared out the window as the jet landed. "Looks like your ride is here," Toni uttered, bitterly.
"Smells like you. Old Spice, green hills, apple pie, and justice."
"I'm not sure about the loveable part," she stated through her teeth. She looked up into his eyes and felt her anger disappear. It was hard to be mad at that face.
Toni smiled slightly. "Going back to my time." She knew it was risky and that she should test it before using it, but she couldn't bear to stay anymore where she didn't belong. She was a woman out of time. She just wanted to go back to her life, where she could focus on her suits and only her suits.
Pepper turned, glaring as she was sick of hearing that. She hated the idea of giving Toni space, because that woman did stupid things when given space.
Zola, who was holding a clip board in his hand, glanced up at Schmidt. His hesitation was clearly visible in his eyes and Toni almost felt bad for him; however, that went out the window in seconds as she remembered that he had helped to torture her.
Bucky look a deep long breath, unsure of what to say. "You don't bring girls home," he replied from the corner of the room, while staring at the wall.
, always looking for the next big thing, while Steve just wanted the world to stop. He needed the world to slow down a bit, as it felt like everything was passing him by.
"Jim," she uttered, taken back by his tone. He was extremely angry, which wasn't something that she was expecting.
She wanted to sleep, but not want to dream. Not that they would be dreams. Nightmares, really. She knew that for sure, but how did you sleep without dreaming? She had long run out of her sleeping pills, and knowing how everyone liked to hover, she wouldn't be able to get more—not that she had anything to hide. Sleeping pills were normal, granted she knew how everyone else would see it. They would want to talk and try to explain that she didn't need them, but she did. Even while fighting Aldrich Killian and his idiots, she still saw Bucky. Still saw him look at her. Saw his face as he fell.
Without another thought, Toni swung her fist and decked him in the face, sending him back. "Find your fun elsewhere, Fucker," she hissed. "I'm not opening my legs for you."
"Please, tell them," Zola responded when he stepped toward her. "Tell Schmidt what he wants to know."
Toni glanced up at Rumlow, whose first name was still a mystery; however, she couldn't keep her focus as her head bobbed again. Her eyes felt heavy, and she knew sleep would soon be on her no matter what she focused on. There was no keeping her awake, even if she wondered what the hell the S.T.R.I.K.E. patch on Rumlow's uniform meant.
"You know you shouldn't be so mean," Phillips said as Peggy brought over a chair. He glanced at the doorway that Rogers disappeared through.
"Go or else." She ordered, unsure of what to make of that kiss. Did she really want it? She wasn't sure, though she did know that it would only make matters worse for everyone, especially for her. She couldn't fall for a guy, for a dead man. That says wonders about me. Can only fall for guys I can't have.
"I'm not going to let them risk their lives while I sit on the sidelines!" she replied. This was the same conversion that they always had. Pepper hated that Toni risked her life on a daily basis. Hated it.
“Bev’s here with me. Do you mind if I put you on speaker?”
“Captain America doesn’t lie,” Steve counters back.
Tony wanted to explain himself but he couldn’t find those memories. He didn’t know what to say to Peter. Every time he tried to form the words his head felt like a spike was going through it. Peter slams the lid of the washer down and trudges out of the room and down the hallway to what Tony assumes is the guest room Steve set up the other night.
“And she’s mine?”
“Will you help Daddy by being a good boy while Papa is gone?”
“Look at the counter, Peter. How is it in your bag if it’s there? Go get your stuff together.”
“Tony, he’s really congested.”
“Papa is going to hurt me bad.”
“But Papa, I have so much to say to you!”
Tony tires of fighting to get Peter to walk so he picks him up instead. The three of them head back into the house. Soon they get settled into bed, deciding that letting Peter sleep with them will lower the chances of another escape. It’s quiet and the two men are starting to doze. “Daddy! I have to pee.”
“Maybe she did,” Peter suggests and  Steve gives him a look.“I take that back.”
“MJ is leaving tonight. Driving to her parents. Bev and I are heading off to the compound in a couple days.”
“Hello? Uncle Steve? Did you butt dial again?”
“I want to go to the ice cream place. The one where you pick the toppings.”
“What?” Peter cries confused before placing his fingertips against his lips.
“Well this one time when I was a kid—”
“I needed you today.  I really needed you.”
Peter leans his back against the coffee table and his hand reaches out to smooth her sweater back down.
Peter follows behind her and sighs when he notices the empty bottle of wine and open bag of chips. The tv is on but muted while Beverly is curled up under the blankets and fast asleep. Peter goes up to her and shakes her shoulder. She lets out a gasp of pain and cries, “don’t.”
“Go back inside Peter.”
Peter visibly calms at his father’s words. He had woken up from a bad dream before he came in the room. He was dreaming about Steve’s mission but it had been a mix of a few Steve had told him about before. The location changed and even the people there changed throughout the dream. His Papa was bleeding and the bad guy was standing above him ready to deliver another blow. Papa hadn’t come home from the mission. Tony had held his hand as he walked him up to the casket to say his final goodbye. Then there were suddenly two caskets and when he looked around the room he saw it was his Richard and Mary Parker’s funeral. When he looks up it’s Uncle Ben holding his hand. He woke up then and he couldn’t convince himself it had just been a dream. He felt immense grief like a weight on his chest. He had to see his Papa and check that he was okay.
