“Rebellion? Castiel, why do you think you were able to leave heaven alive? And who is it that you think allowed you to be sent back to Dean when they forcefully dragged you back to heaven the first time? Why do you think Father brought you back to life when Lucifer blew you up for calling Michael an ‘assbutt’?” Gabriella asked furrowing her eyebrows together in genuine confusion.
“The story’s I could tell you.” Gabriel said chuckling. Gabriella rolled her eyes at that and shook her head.
“She did it.” Sam said with a small smile. The map room quickly filled up with people until it was beginning to get stuffy.
“The demon Castiel killed, Belphegor, was going to consume every single ghost or soul or whatever that was released and roaming the earth. You do recall what happened the last time somebody did something like that, yes? Except they had good intentions can you imagine a demon doing the same thing?” She asked staring at him knowingly. She didn’t wait for him to respond before she was speaking again.
“I’m stronger than God and Aunty Amara because I am made up of both of them, if the empty is pure darkness my grace will be able to combat it.” She explained sheathing the sword.
“I thought it was going to be a porno when I first go it.” She said chuckling and shaking her head. Sam smiled and relaxed some into his seat. Dean hadn’t spoken a word the whole time and he was still eerily quiet.
“We were meant to protect each other and obviously I failed in holding up my end of the bargain.” She said frowning deeply.
Dean slowly made it to his feet and went over to the burgers he was making only to see they were finished and the stove wasn’t even on.
“She’s telling the truth. I found out about this before I-died.” He admitted. Gabriella slowly nodded her head before turning back towards Amara who was studying her closely.
“You just left.” She spat cutting off his apology. The lights flickered, reminding Dean distinctively of when he’d first met Cas. Gabriella shut her eyes tightly and took a deep breath.
“I’m sorry, Gab. I’m so sorry.” Gabriel whispered softly. Nobody had ever actually seen Gabriel as emotional as he was now not even when they’d gotten him back from being tortured by Asmodeus.
“I am still a hunter and I thought you were going to force me to be your slave or something.” Dean explained looking down at his burger.
“Me too. I love you too, I mean. Me too.” Dean blurted out as his face started to turn red. Castiel frowned and looked over at Gabriella who nodded her head.
“Hello Sam, Dean.” Jack said letting his eyes flicker to Dean for a second before quickly looking away.
Dean ended up winning that argument and left the room to go get the chains. Sam stripped the young women out of her clothes before taking in her wound. There ended up being a tooth in it and he slowly pulled it out before cleaning it as best as he could. He dressed it before grabbing clothes from Jack’s old room and putting it on her. When Dean walked back in the room and noticed the change of clothes he simply cocked and eyebrow opting to not say anything. Sam watched his brother put the cuffs on the young women and watched as the hieroglyphics on them lit up for a second. The women sighed deeply in her sleep but didn’t even stir.
“Jack.” Gabriella said staring at him meaningfully. Jack stared back for a minute before nodding his head sadly.
It’s officially been a full week that Gabriella had gone to the empty and no amount of prayers had been able to give any of them a clue of whether or not she was even alive.
“I did not mean to upset you.” She said softly. Jack shot up to his feet and threw himself in her arms. Dean watched, his heart twisting in his chest as Gabriella hugged Jack and rubbed his back soothingly as his body shook with quiet sobs. It was moments like these that reminded Dean that Jack was only 3 years old and he’d been through so much. Gabriella didn’t ask any questions despite her burning curiosity and continued to soothe Jack until he calmed down.
“As a human?” She asked her eyes shining with glee. Jack gave a shy smile in response and hesitantly nodded his head.
“It means I am not in your head. I think-from the pain I was sensing from Castiel earlier- that if I was to delve into your head I would not like what I found and would not be held responsible for the repercussions that follow.” Dean’s jaw ticked in anger but he sat back down.
Jack walked into the kitchen looking exactly how Dean and Sam felt.  Dean offered him his own plate of breakfast before burying his face in his coffee. He’d apologized to Jack the first chance he got making sure Jack understood Dean hadn’t meant a word of what he’d said and even though it took Jack a minute to believe Dean when he said that Jack was in fact family things were beginning to look good between them. The sudden clutter of something in the map room sent all three of them into hunter mode. They each ran into the map room, Sam and Dean both holding guns and their respective Angel blades tucked into the back of their jeans, and Jack’s eyes shining their golden color.
“The empty.” Jack whispered watching in awe as the angels and demons started filling up the map room.
“You are right Dean Winchester you do not deserve Castiel. But it is also not your choice to make.” She said standing up.
“Jack!” Sam said smiling brightly at the three year old. Jack lifted his hand up in his half wave half high five signature move and smiled.
“Your plan was flawed from the beginning, from letting a demon stay in my nephew's body to openly sacrificing Castiel and sending him to hell, the same place he gripped you tight and raised you from. If it was his death that you wanted you should have taken his Angel blade and stabbed him outright.” She spat angrily. She took a deep breath as a high-pitched noise started to fill the room, which Dean knew distinctly was her real voice, and shuffled in her seat. She waited for the noise to stop before speaking again.
“That’s right.” Sam said giving her a warm smile. Her frown relaxed slightly and she looked over at Dean who was holding his gun aimed at her head.
“Gabriel.” Jack said suddenly. The women nodded as she turned her undivided attention back to Jack. The brothers really took her in this time and it was hard to miss the obvious similarities between the two. She had his unearthly golden brown eyes, long brown hair except hers went to the middle of her back. They looked basically identical.
“How long have you been in love with Castiel?” She asked taking a seat at the table. Dean watched her noting how she always seemed to dominate a room and unlike her brother she seemed to be all business. She wasn’t as stiff as Castiel, sitting and walking and doing anything with grace and poise but there were still moments where it seemed like her power was too big to be contained. Dean opened his mouth to demand it was none of her business but what slipped out was a chocked “15 years”.
“No, Cas that’s not true at all. But-but that’s not why I’m saying this. Cas, I’ve loved you from the moment you walked into that barn looking a lot like a holy tax accountant.”
“That’s fine. I’ll see you when you get upstairs,” He said sending her a wink and disappearing before she could respond. She shook her head and turned her attention back to Castiel who still had not responded and instead was looking at his shoes like they were the most interesting things in the world.
“Castiel? Is he here?” She asked looking around the bunker as if he’d appear from her saying his name.
“Rowena, that’s really Crowley.” Jack said preventing her from doing anything else. Rowena's head snapped over to him and he nodded his head once.
“I will not fail you, Dean Winchester. However, when I come back I expect that you would have apologized to my nephew.” She said staring at him with determination in her eyes. Jack looked down at the ground quickly as Dean's eyes trailed over to him. He looked back at where Gabriella was just standing only to see that she was gone.
“When Lucifer and Michael first started fighting you promised, you promised that no matter what happened you wouldn’t leave me. You said that no matter how bad it got we wouldn’t ever get like that when I needed you you’d be there, and if it got too bad between Luce and Mikey you would leave but you wouldn’t go without me.” She said avoiding his eyes.
“I need a drink.” Dean grumbled finally tucking the gun away and walking toward the library. Sam followed closely behind him staring at the young women in amazement. She looked down at the clothes she was wearing and cocked an eyebrow in silent confusion.
“She got jealous. God wasn’t treating her the same as he once did he was being cold and well Aunty Amara didn’t like that at all. So when he created Gabriel Aunty Amara snuck in and split Gabriel’s grace in half mixing half with hers and creating me. She raised me as her own and kept me a secret for a while until the day God came. She ran leaving me behind with no explanation, and God took me in. He introduced me to my siblings- more specifically Gabriel whom I shared grace. We grew up together and took care of each other. When we first met he couldn’t stand me, I think it was mostly because Lucifer swore that since he only had half a grace he was weaker and it was my fault. It didn’t help when God practically forced him to take care of me ‘watch out for Gabriella, watch over her, take care of Gabriella’. After a few millennia though he did start to warm up to me.” She said with a sad smile.
“How are we supposed to take care of a baby?” Dean chocked out. Gabriella slowly looked up at the occupants of the table and smiled gently.
“Who are you?” Dean asked gruffly. There was a young woman leaning heavily against the side of the door clutching a shaky hand to her side. Her head was bent making it hard to see her face.
“You can have anything you want, Cas.” Dean said letting his eyes slowly drag back up to Castiel’s beautiful baby blues. Gabriella covered Jack's eyes just as their lips met in a kiss and smirked proudly.
“Archangels do not but I was different since Aunty Amara pieced me together. Other angels do grow up like humans.” Gabriella explained as simply as she could put it. Jack seemed to null over her words before nodding his head. Dean started to leave the room not being prepared for another storytime or having to see how perfectly Castiel and Gabriella fit together.
“And then I woke up and you were gone. You didn’t even leave me a note.” She said feeling her eyes water. She shook her head when Gabriel made a move to speak her eyes filling with fire. Castiel discreetly pulled Dean and Sam closer to the exit, and slowly shook his head when they looked at him in confusion. His wings unfurled and blocked both of them keeping them from any unintentional harm. Gabriel made a move to say something only for Gabriella to slam her fist into his face. The sound of thunder crackling outside made the Winchester boys share a wide-eyed look. Gabriel’s head snapped to the side on impact and he stared at her wide-eyed.
“Food is ready.” She said with a warm smile. Gabriel was watching her closely and she gave him a look, saying she’d explain everything later. They made their way into the kitchen just as Dean started to call for them. Everybody took their respective seats, with Castiel and Dean ending up next to each other.
He has to hang his head between his knees and take deep breaths like he taught Sam to do when he was just a kid, except unlike Sam he’s sitting on top of a barn without a scrap of clothing, and he’s staring at his dick which isn’t giving up
He sighs deeply. He looks down at his own lunch. He looks over at Sam’s lunch. Sam’s doing his I’m Not Involved In This face.
“Word,” he prompts, and Sam has to take a moment before he breathes “Poughkeepsie” against the press of Dean’s cock. “You know what to do,” Dean tells him, and Sam puts his long, clever fingers on the one place Dean wants them most. He’s still balancing on his knees, leaning forward to get to Dean’s cock, and the angle has his ass out. There’s a mirror next to them so Dean can see where the pinkness ends and Sam’s unblemished skin begins. The untouched curve of his ass.
“Rivia,” Jaskier says, being cheeky because he knows what’s got Geralt in a mood and he’s the one who caused it. He rubs his fingertips along the base of Geralt’s cock, picking out the pattern of veins that are as familiar as his lute strings. He could probably play them just as effectively. Make Geralt sing. He hums the opening lines of a song that doesn’t exist yet. “And to what do I owe this pleas–a
Dean’s crying, of course he is. All the weeks of blood and dirt and grime are nothing in the face of this. One last apocalypse to see them through. Sam kisses his knee. “Say it,” he begs. There’s time for this. There’s time for this.
Cas’s wings flared out behind him except they weren’t wings anymore, they were dark, oozing masses of malevolent intent.
Cas doesn’t even seem to realise he’s there. Which is. A lot of things. Rude, mostly. Shouldn’t he be… grateful? He’s the one making all the noise, and Cas is just—
He ignores it and scrambles higher. Yanking himself hand-over-hand skywards. He tears feathers aside to get to the inside, where that stupid fucking
—but trying to see the barn is like trying to peer through murky water. Oddly, the more he thinks about the barn the more the wings and wheels start to fade, but the more he thinks about Cas the harder it is to see the barn at all.
He hooks it under Dean’s chin, and with a thought it begins to retract into the ceiling, forcing Dean’s head higher and higher.
cranky, too. Big ugly moose face. “And you don’t get to die,” Sam tells him as well. “If you close your eyes again so help me Chuck I’ll put a dead fish in your car, Dean.”
Very good thinking, by the way; giving the name of your location right at the beginning. I’m sure that’ll make it much easier for Sir Witcher to find you. If he’s still listening in, that is.
For the prompt: "Lucifer making Sam say 'yes' so he can finally have his true vessel. My only other ask is- I really need a broken Sammy... And smut and rough fucking in all your glory."
“Dean,” he says, and somehow he sounds pained while still being completely expressionless. “I may require some—”
An intriguing thought, and one that definitely doesn’t have him thinking about sheathing his own cock, somewhere nice and tight and warm…
Cas’s head swivels on his shoulders, a full three-sixty degrees before facing Dean straight-on. For the first time Cas’s eyes meet Dean’s.
He braces against one side of the wall of feathers and thinks of—anything, whatever used to work. The girls on that website he likes. The guys, too, on that other website, that he studiously pretends he
but Jaskier can’t move his head or mouth to answer. And Geralt doesn’t want an answer anyway. What he wants is Jaskier’s mouth.
Dean shudders and presses even closer forward, clenching and rocking to try and get the pressure deeper, right where he wants it. He lays flat over Sam’s lap and nuzzles into Sam’s crotch, trying to get to his cock with nothing but his mouth.
Will’s bloodlust wasn’t like Hannibal’s. Hannibal liked the craft of it, the stink of it. The part when he was knuckles-deep in someone’s body and the organ in his hand was still throbbing, twitching. The part when the body belonged more to him than it had ever belonged to the original owner.
Dean hums an agreement, and he’s about to step back but he says, “You know I love you, right,” and a new waterfall springs to life beside him, like Cas is laughing, and he’s about to say something else but he jerks back into his body so suddenly it takes a moment to realise why.
“It hasn’t killed you,” Cas says through his teeth, like he’s forcing it to be true, like he can hold Dean together through sheer force of will, like he can’t see the two dozen wounds gouged so deep into Dean’s belly there’s almost light coming through from the other side.
Dean snorts, and uses the backs of his fingers to twang a row of the strings all at the same time. One of the strings snaps, and he feels more than sees Cas’s vessel jerk.
But Dean won’t let that happen, screams agony, holy words, tongue of the gods, and the contamination lets go all at once, relinquished at the last second, and he collapses in on himself, flung loose, and he’s not Cas, he’s Dean, mostly, maybe, he thinks, he thinks, his body just one form, and the poison is gone and the second finally ends and he blinks and he’s Dean again, properly, or what’s left of Dean, and Sam’s voice cuts through the pain just long enough for him to turn towards it—inwards, again, Cas-wards,
“Give in,” Lucifer tells him gently, and Sam hiccoughs on a silent sob, desperate in his misery because he thinks he’s already given in. He thinks that a muffled
He shoves his face into the feathers and curls his body inwards, forcing himself to touch as much of it as possible. The electricity has turned into little chisels, hammering into every inch of his skin. He grits his teeth and breathes hard through his nose and moves his hand, tries to focus on the bit of Cas that’s still Cas, the bit that makes the chisels and hammers and lightning feel like zinging pleasure again. It doesn’t… It’s not
Dean drags his thumb tight against the head of Cas’s dick, moisture slicking him up. “Cas!” he shouts, aggressive, distracted.
Sam writhes in place, trying to reach over his shoulder to get to Dean. Dean catches his hands and puts them back on the leather in front of him.
Little flexible sprigs begin to curl around his nipples, his toes, his balls. The inquisitive ones begin to probe at the tip of his cock and down to his ass and Jaskier starts thrashing against them.
Shit, what a terrible time to start making these kinds of realisations. Cas had felt like gravity because Cas
There’s a pop and Cas appears to be half the size, then a louder pop and he’s Cas-size again, but facing the other direction.
“Yeah,” he says, tired. If this thing really is hurting his—Cas. Then of course he’ll help. How could he not? He reaches out to put his hand on Cas’s shoulder.
Dean fights. “I’m right here, I’m not going anywhere.” His hands twist beneath the knots, searching for a loose thread. But Sam learned how to restrain someone from Dean, who learned from John, and there’s nothing to grab. No leeway. No second chances.
“Stay,” Dean begs him. His knees shift fractionally, like he’s trying to reach Sam with any part of him still mobile. “I still, Sam, I,
Cas makes a sound like a whoopee cushion, and makes no indication that he has, in fact, done anything of the kind ever in his life.
A tree splits right down the centre, revealing molten lava underneath. The lava sizzles out, sprouting half a dozen hooves as it goes.
He woke up a few seconds later and Sam’s cock was still hard so he licked it some more, and when Sam woke up from his nap he licked Cas’s cock some more too, and all-in-all it was a great way to spend the daytime.
Dean’s about three-quarters of the way to blissfully passing the fuck out, so he doesn’t even open his eyes, just spoons Cas harder. “Nnh?” he says, eloquently.
“Being human sucks,” Cas says. Dean looks up at him but Cas isn’t really doing anything, just miserably staring down at his sandwich like it’s just developed sentience to tell him he has a bad haircut.
But he wasn’t good. He wasn’t even all that ashamed. Especially when Sam had basically been served up to him on a silver platter.
“I know who you are, Sam Winchester.” Cas appeared to grow even larger. The black limbs were curling and creeping around the outside of the room, encircling them completely. “But do you know who
and not in the way the waterfall was too much. It’s good but it’s like there’s something else in it too. His poor confused body wants more—he’s already Pavloved himself into enjoying Cas like that. So he’s reaching for the next feather with his other hand before he even fully registers that this might be too much for him to live through. The electricity that follows is like licking the mains at a power plant. His dick reacts instinctually, already accustomed to
Dean grabs Cas’s coat and shakes it a bit. “He’s just making sounds! He’s not—Cas, you’re freaking me out, man.”
A dozen enormous wheels spin around him in dizzying circles, and they’re spinning against and through the barn walls but they’re also…
He uses the end of the broom to lift Cas’s hand off his knee and plonk it into his lap. “Right there, pal, see? Easy peasy, I’m sure you’ve done this before, huh?”
“Do you know how hard it is to get contracts when everyone thinks I spend my free time “baring my ass” at the drop of a hat.
“You said I couldn’t be hurt here!” he yells, but Cas isn’t listening, or maybe he can’t hear, and anyway he’s not hurt, not really, there are no burns or blisters on his arm, but he can
Not like Steve’s not out there every second day saving the world by the skin of his teeth. Not like the rest of the team isn’t banged-up almost 24/7 from the constant fighting. Oh no, life’s a god damn
and he’s going to get dizzy with all this dimension shit, except they’re not Sam’s hands, they’re Cas’s, and he thinks, fuck, doesn’t think much at all, actually, just tips to the side a little and spills into the place he’s supposed to be, like when you try fifty keys in a row and the fifty-first fits right and the lock clicks open, and he thinks he gets Sam’s name right this time, even though he can’t figure out where his mouth is or where is body is or where Cas has gone, because his insides are empty again and he doesn’t think that’s supposed to be—
“Say it,” he say again, voice wet, face wet, heart wet. Each thudding pulse is for Dean. He could count the remaining heartbeats on both hands.
“My pretty Sammy,” he whispered, undoing Sam’s belt and the fly of his jeans. “My sweet boy.” He curled the jeans down and even when he had to lift Sam’s hips Sam didn’t move more than a fitful little clench of his hands.He slid Sam’s underwear down, too. And oh, even Sam’s cock was pretty. Waiting to be loved.
They try to get him into the backseat with as little movement as possible but he blacks out again anyway, wakes with his head in Cas’s lap. Jack’s sitting backwards in the front seat, holding a bag of saline up high. He should be wearing his seatbelt. Dean tries to tell him as much. He tries to tell him he loves him. Nothing’s coming out right, even though this is
, Fury. Steve’s pretty sure the only reason Stark wants the Avengers in his building is so he can keep an even closer eye on them so he can continue reaping all the rewards of being the bankrolling billionaire behind them.
This time it’s Dean who makes the startled little sound. His fingers clench against his restraints. Sam doesn’t move over, so Jack goes to the other side of the bed, clambers eager and awkward up to Dean’s face. He looks at Sam again but Sam doesn’t give any further instruction, just nods towards where Dean’s breathing sharp and fast, lips parted.
Cas, the real Cas, and he slips sideways and there he is, big wheels spinning around the Impala, little strings springing into place to reconnect with the vessel. Light reconstructing itself.
Sam tried to roll over but Cas held his hip and his shoulder, whispering soft little encouragements as he did. Sam might not hear the words, or remember who uttered them, but his body knew Cas. His body trusted Cas. Cas was so helpful, kind. Always had a spare room or an extra meal. Sam settled again, and Cas looked all the way up his body, at his sleepy, open face. He opened his mouth and took Sam inside him, and watched every second of emotion that crossed Sam’s face, completely unobstructed.
There’s a bang that sounds inexplicably glittery, which Dean very much hopes is the sound witches make when they explode. He leaves the situation to Sam and jogs over to Cas, who is looking straight ahead with a completely expressionless face, his hands resting palm-up on his thighs like he’s about to start humming the psalms or something.
The tentacles shoved his knees up to his chest. They manhandled him upside-down, then right-way-up, until he was too dizzy to figure out which way the floor was. He couldn't have knelt even if he wanted to. He caught a glimpse of Sam surrounded by writhing tentacles and grabbed for him, hauling him close. The tentacles didn’t try to stop him. In fact they seemed enamored of the idea, and wrapped them up tight together, so Dean’s left thigh was between Sam’s legs and Sam’s left thigh was between his own.
Sam goes down fast, after that. His tongue barely moves against Dean’s frenulum. He just breathes, and sometimes remembers to suck.
The wings aren’t really wings at all, he discovers. Or at least, he can’t find any bone or anything that connects it all together. There’s just
“Oh, god,” he whimpers, thrusting his whole arm under the water. It’s not pain, it’s not, it’s, it’s—
Sam flicks a finger and the soul-damned blood scorches clear, leaving Dean’s skin black and smoking underneath.
The shrieking stops, and through the ringing in his head he hears Cas hiccup again, still blank-faced. “The corruption is spreading. I may require some assistance.”
Cas is saying something, not even in English, might be Enochian or might not be anything at all. Dean’s name. Dean’s name again. He’s begging. Apologising. He spills over Dean in waves that burn too bright, and he fills Dean too full, but keeps going, surging through him. Dean, he says again, with Dean’s mouth, and he lurches impossibly further in. Dean can’t feel his hand working anymore but he doesn’t have to, Cas fills him there, too, from the inside, Dean’s cock bursting with it, his balls cradled in it, Cas singing through all of him all at once, his mouth, his belly, his ass, his cock, from the root right to the tip in a sweep of energy that makes him want to scream, and again, and again, and for a moment it feels so blindingly good that he’s sure the feeling’s about to get sucked right out of him like all the other times before, but Cas presses in again, shifting, pooling, speaking to him from the inside, letting him closer than he’s been before, the high higher than he’s been before, a cliff face he’s hurtling towards—
“Hold these,” he says, folding Sam’s legs up towards his chest. Sam’s hands are shaking but he does what he’s told, fingers clutching desperately at the back of his knees, holding himself wide. He’s so close to being perfect
Just what, exactly, he’s going to do gets lost in a wail as the tendrils dip into his ass and begin to spread him, just a bit. The tendrils around his balls and cock loop and squeeze gently. They’re not doing much, just… teasing.
“Sucker,” he sniggers, then, “Now where were we?” He looks around, but Cas doesn’t magically re-materialise. He flaps his hands a bit, hoping he’ll feel some goddamn feathers or something, but it’s just… air.
“He’s fine, he’s doing something, I didn’t really understand, said he had to realign the planes, I don’t know.” He jerks his thumb over his shoulder and Cas is laid out in the backseat, eyes half-closed and breathing evenly, and Dean thinks, no, not that Cas, the
and it hurts because it’s not all Cas, either. It hurts because there’s a poison in him, and the poison is leeching off of Dean, too.
“That was beautiful,” Sam says, he lets his eyes wander down to Jack’s lips, then slowly back up. “You’re beautiful,” he clarifies. And then he draws Jack in to kiss him as well, completely ignoring the absolutely pained sounds Dean makes beneath them. When he leans away Jack looks like he’s just been given ten birthdays at once. Sam thumbs his lower lip. “You’re a natural,” he says. “Dean loves kisses.” He leans in so he’s almost touching Jack’s lips, but not quite. “Now would you like me to show you where else he likes to be kissed?”
He picks up a broom leaning against a beam and gets just close enough to use the end of it to poke Cas’s knee.
After a few more minutes he huddled up nice and close to Sam and they pressed their dicks together, and they thrust in tandem, screaming heartily.
“Geralt!” Jaskier yelps. He’s straining forward, toes digging into the ground in an attempt to lean away from the…
He flails reflexively, and Cas’s hands come down over his own, keeping his arms out at weird angles to stop him interfering with the entire hospital supply-room of bandages littering his body.
“S-Sorry,” Samuel of house Winchester stuttered. Each breath was accompanied by a wet hitch of his lungs. He wasn’t pushing Castiel away but he was fisting the sheets of the bed. Their bed. The place where their marriage would soon be finalised.
stroke, the best thing that’s ever happened to his cock. So good he can’t possibly live through it, except then the feathers or the leaves or the
and then the feathers catch right against his asshole and the jolt of electric pleasure makes him shout, clenching down hard on the feeling even as it gets sucked away.
He grabbed one in a chokehold and it disintegrated in his fist, reforming immediately and wrapping around his neck to choke
Dean sighs, and holds the bridge of his nose. Unfortunately he uses the wrong hand and gets a whiff of—
Dean contorts his own spine so he can press his lips to Sam’s slack ones, and then he puts the heel of his hand on Sam’s sternum and shoves him down so the next thrust up is brutally hard. Golden light literally sparks out of Sam’s wing tips, so Dean does it again, and again. Sam’s wings clench and flutter around him.
He grabs a tentacle that’s trying to make sweet sweet love to Clint’s quiver. And then he rips it the fuck off.
fuck it all. He stops trying to pry the belt loose and just wraps his hand around all that flesh and
“This is so embarrassing,” he rasps, coughing blood. “All these years, and the thing that kills me is a baby vampire.”
next, but another wing flops over him first, and already the feathers are pushing his hand down, down, back down to where his dick is straining up to meet him.
“His wavelengths are—” Dean tells him, flapping his hand to indicate where Cas is blowing a steady stream of bubbles out of both nostrils.
Right. Contamination. Because the hex bags had been made for humans and Cas had absorbed it with his… with
Dean casts around for something that looks like it probably won’t electrocute him on contact. He’s vaguely aware that he’s still next to Cas’s body—his
Dean slides the crop down the back of Sam’s shoulder, then over each bump of his vertebrae. Sam’s breath is hot even through the denim. He’s calm, meditative. Dean circles around to his other shoulder, then follows the same path back down, except this time at the top of the arc he taps the crop right in the center of Sam’s back.
Sam’s wings aren’t here, they’re a part of Sam that’s so indefinable that Sam himself can’t put words to them. Dean’s fucking up into the part of Sam that’s more at his core than his soul is.
he says again. He twangs a couple of the other strings. They sigh at different pitches, inexplicably in complete harmony.
Maybe the vines are telepathic or something, because they wind further down Jaskier’s legs to pull at his ankles, stretching them out wide enough that the strain must be surpassing discomfort and heading straight for pain. Geralt grabs for the silver sword because watching Jaskier get stripped is one thing but watching him get dismembered isn’t quite as sexy.
“Cute,” Sam says. He leans in so his face is next to Jack’s and then kisses Dean proper: deep and hard and
“What?” Dean asks, nervous. He resists the urge to slap Cas out of whatever trance he’s in. “What’s wrong with your vessel?”
Not to mention how every touch is sending these crazy sparkles of intensity into his spine, which isn’t helping his dick predicament. His predickament. Ha.
it comes from inside him, heavy, picking up speed, pressing hard against him from the inside so it’s almost a relief when Cas presses hard against him from the outside, too.
“He’s coming!” Sam calls out. He drops his voice. “I’m going to go look for a… cure.” He looks over at Cas. “While you… help.”
Dean’s knife is in his back pocket. And then it’s in his hand. And then it’s flicked open, and there’s sharp steel pressed against the side of Sam’s throat. Sam stills even further, barely breathing. From this angle he won’t be able to see the blade but they’ve both had enough experience to know what it feels like, how even a flinch can spell disaster.
Wait what are you, STOP IT! Damn you, it’s fine when I tell the world about your biceps but the minute I try to add some actual pizazz you get all huffy at me, STOP IT I SAID! Don’t touch that, I need it for my sho—
He stomps back over to Cas’s vessel and taps his shoulder, and is mildly—okay greatly—worried when his hand goes right through.
That takes way too much brain to parse. “Cas,” he says slowly, putting pieces together at the speed of a snail in a thunderstorm. “Do you think that I’m going to do what April tried to do?”
His whole arm lights up, sensation so strong it fills him like good whiskey, the best whiskey, better than whiskey, better than
“Don’t,” Sam says again. He doesn’t even try to deny that he knows what Dean’s talking about. “You can still walk away.”
He grabbed his branch with both claws and dangled right-way-up (which was really wrong-way-down) so he could poop on whatever idiot happened to be underneath him.
“He’s…” God, how to describe him? “He’s quiet. And serious. But he’s really… kind. A good guy, you know?”
Balthazar had snorted at him, shaking his head. “Of course not. I do,” he’d corrected, once again failing to explain why they were
“Dean,” Castiel says, almost exasperated by the omega’s misplaced concern for him. “Please don’t apologize to me for a perfectly reasonable reaction.”
Pamela multitasks, taking his blood pressure as she carefully turns his other wrist in one hand, frowning at what she sees. “You weren’t kidding. I’m going to test out your range of motion – let me know when it hurts.”
“I think we both know that I do not behave like most alphas do,” he starts, unsure of how to begin to explain himself. He’s trying very hard to keep the vulnerability out of his voice.
“As I’ve told you, Dean,” Cas says, looking down at him, and Dean is definitely listening but it’s hard to focus with the alpha’s
Castiel closes his eyes. “Hell was an awful place,” he says carefully. Dean tenses at the very mention of it. “Not everywhere is that way, for omegas. And not every alpha is… like that. But you’ve been there for a long time. I’m not expecting you to get better overnight.” And he’s certainly not expecting Dean to
Cas had cooked him breakfast, after their little heart to heart. Still jittery with caffeine, Dean had inhaled it, and they’d talked about the appointment and how Dean wanted to approach it. To Cas’s surprise – and, honestly, to Dean’s as well – Dean had decided that he wanted to talk to Benny alone. From introductions to the appointment itself. He's not exactly sure
Or… maybe he’s falling apart because he’s realized that he can finally trust someone to watch out for him – he doesn’t have to be on guard, doesn’t have to be scared that the gold in his eyes is as good as a neon sign that screams
attempt to evict your family from your life, regardless of their feelings toward me. I don’t want to, and even if I
his lip rises above his teeth in response to what the man is implying, but the shorter handler is already rattling off terms and conditions and details, pointing to paragraphs on his iPad that Castiel is supposed to read. Brain buzzing and numb, he pretends to do so, trying not to watch when Rick picks up the leash again and shakes it tauntingly, ordering Dean back to his feet with a short, impatient, “Up,” so he can put it back on.
They return to cooking, and before long there are two omelettes ready to go. He and Cas eat them standing right there at the counter, Dean’s fingers tapping almost unconsciously on the counter to the rhythm of an album he knows by heart and hasn’t heard in years. He even sees Cas nodding along a few times, and it makes something in his chest give a strange little flutter.
“Well, if it makes you feel any better, I ain’t really all that up to date with my instincts either,” Dean half jokes, trying to move past his weird little moment of smug satisfaction. “I’m not sure I do a single damn thing that omegas are supposed to.” Not willingly, anyway.
“Are you certain?” the alpha asks, glancing at the refrigerator. It’s kind of him, because he really could just call Dean out for lying. “How about something simple? Oatmeal?”
He’s so absorbed in his self-appointed task that he doesn’t notice Dean’s arrival in the kitchen until his scent registers.
If Castiel hadn’t still been reeling, the speed at which Dean started softly snoring might have been funny.  As it is, he can barely spare it a thought.
Dean can figure out the rest. If what Cas said was true, he wasn’t raised like his siblings. It isn’t that hard to believe that someone like his alpha would have a stronger moral compass than the rest of this fucked up family – and it also isn’t that hard to believe that he wouldn’t want to have anything to do with them. Dean’s not exactly surprised he’d change his name and deny any relation to just to escape being lumped in with people like that.
He expects Dean to reluctantly take it from him, perhaps with a huff or an eyeroll added in for good measure. What he does
to learn about what omegas coming out of abusive situations deal with, if I understand your work correctly,” Castiel says sharply. “Just because Dean is related to you doesn’t mean that those same rules don’t apply.”
Unruffled by his shouting, Benny just looks at him appraisingly, like he’s considering his words rather than his tone. “You see the impulse as pathetic,” he repeats, no inflection in his voice.
“It’s bloody freezing,” the man grumbles, stamping his feet on the doormat to knock off bits of ice. He’s got a British accent of some sort – Dean finds that it suits him and his flashy outfit exactly. He unwinds his scarf and hangs it next to his pretentious looking peacoat by the door, the dark fabric dusted with bits of snow, and his sweater underneath has a deep v-neck.
Dean doesn’t respond. He recognizes that he’s probably done all he can to convince him, at least for now, but he can’t help but push a little more. “You got a family, Winchester? One you give a damn about?”
He hasn’t moved much. The plate of food the alpha made for him is still sitting on the floor near him, untouched. He feels too cold and too tired to even consider eating right now. He vaguely hopes that he won’t piss Cas off even more by refusing it.
Sure enough, the omega gives a slow nod to show he’s understood. If it wasn’t so quiet in the house, Castiel would have missed the whispered, “Yes, master,” that accompanies it.
The wind seems to find its way directly into Castiel’s jacket the moment he steps outside. He shivers, shoving his hands deep in his pockets, and ignores the urge to turn around and go right back through the little side exit he’d just come out of.
Before long, Dean is nothing but a puddle of limp muscle and soft, even breaths, and when he opens his eyes, they’re glazed.
“My father was… distant. I never really knew him,” he starts, his tone strange and clinical. Dean hasn’t ever heard him like this. “I grew up away from the family estate. I think he was…”
for him, because of his heat, because he is an omega, because he is Castiel’s responsibility. The fear goes far deeper than how Castiel might feel about him physically – much deeper than even whether he wants to stay with him, or go.
acid sick and sharp – pierces the air. Abruptly, he tries to stand back up, the little water that has collected in the tub splashing up around him.
Castiel closes his eyes. The reminder of that fact is nothing but a kick to the stomach. “Dean is in the process of freeing himself, just like the omegas at the center.”
Had shouldered the responsibility of Dean’s feelings and fears had allowed him the incredible gift of letting go.
he’d felt guilty – guilty for scaring him, for riling him up in the first place, for taking away his peace.
The scent of Dean all but slaps him in the face, even from this distance – Pam hums sympathetically as he stiffens. He takes a shuddering breath, hands clenching on his knees as he closes his eyes and reminds himself
of me!” Castiel says desperately. “And I don’t want to scare him. He should feel…” He feels his throat close with emotion. “Pam, he’s supposed to feel
He slid his hand under Dean’s back, carefully lifting his weight as he sat up. Dean, startled, wrapped his legs around Castiel and pulled at his shoulders to hold himself up. It took some slow shuffling around, but they managed to arrange themselves comfortably, Cas leaning back against the hilly grass and Dean planted firmly on his lap.
“Shut up,” his friend says flatly, his tone leaving no room for argument. “My point is that he’s not thinking logically. His only experiences with having a heat in the last
much, Benny! I liked the control!” he bursts out, frustrated, overwhelmed by the whiplash of being so
“Everyone keeps telling me that!” Dean insists, cutting the man off. “But it makes no sense! I... It makes no sense,” he repeats. He sounds desperate.
When push comes to shove, he’s no different than any other omega. His dad would be disgusted with him. Probably would have earned himself a backhand if his old man had seen him being such a coward. But the ghost touch of the alpha’s palm on his skin takes his thoughts off of John pretty quickly.
Gritting his teeth, he shifts on the uncomfortable plastic chair and digs his phone out of his back pocket when it vibrates and chimes. It goes off about a dozen
and he thinks that under different circumstances, he’d have an arousal problem of his own. Right now, though, the scent of Dean’s fear and pain is cancelling out any reaction he might have to the scent of his slick.
Then, the only thing left between him and Sam is a thin panel of wood and his own fear, its jaws locked around his neck like the hot wet maw of a wolf. He fights it off, reaches for the door –
Castiel glances at him out of the corner of his eye, raising his eyebrows. “Still not as bad as mine.”
Benny doesn’t confirm or deny that, waiting patiently instead. Dean, somewhat against his will, finds himself talking. Trying to explain, even though he knows there’s no excuse for how he’s acting.
Scott glanced at him incredulously, their eyes snapping right back to Cas like they thought, any minute now, he’d pull out a harp and slap on a halo. “But he looks so…”
The omega blinks as though he is genuinely surprised that he forgot to make a plate of food for himself. “I… I didn’t even realize,” he says faintly. “Sorry. Didn’t think about it – I don’t know what was going on in my brain.” After a moment, he snorts, shaking his head as he turns around to pour himself a cup of coffee. “Whole lotta nothin’.”
Castiel shakes his head. He sits down on the little table in front of the couch, disliking the feeling that he is looming over the omega when he is already nervous. “Rest assured that I do not expect a schedule like that from you. You may sleep and wake up whenever you wish.”
“Little omega, you’re lookin’ pretty lonely,” he croons, a crooked smile on his face. Dean swallows, frozen, staring up at the man with his heart pounding hard in his chest. “Where’s your alpha?”
“Those alphas were paying to have non-consensual sex with a terrified slave,” the doctor says bluntly. He flinches, and her tone softens – but only by a tiny fraction. “They could have resisted if they’d chosen to, but I think it’s clear that moral decency isn’t something they were worried about.”
commands, alpha intent snaking through the word like thorns. It makes every muscle in Castiel’s body tense at once.
She leans him back by his shoulders, searching his face. “I’m so sorry that they tried to take that from you, Dean. They had no right.”
Apparently ignorant to his roiling stomach, Pamela is already moving on. “Right. Okay, on to a slightly harder question, which, to be honest, I just want to get out of the way early on.”
of his scent in the room anymore, because it’s scaring Dean, and that’s enough for it to need to be banished.
Well rested and bright-eyed, the omega looks around the kitchen curiously. His hair is wet and his cheeks are still flushed from his morning shower, and he smells like toothpaste and apples. Castiel smiles at him and, shyly, Dean smiles
“That’s not what I asked,” Castiel interrupts sharply. “Did you desire, in that moment, to have sex? Would you have enjoyed it?”
Novak’s, technically. But for whatever reason, Dean seems to be acting like that isn’t the case. Sam doesn’t know if that means he’s in denial, or if Novak has tricked him somehow, or both.
The omega doesn’t respond. The only indication that he’s heard is a slight tightening of his fist in Castiel’s shirt.
Dean scrolls through stories about omega pride, about protests, about the court cases that have been won in favor of omegas for the first time
When the woman came back, she placed the newly engraved necklace on the scratched glass tabletop. Scott picked it up, and Dean leaned over his shoulder, inspecting the carving. It was delicately done, the image a near perfect copy of what Cas had drawn.
Dean huffs at that. It’s been a long time since anyone has talked to him like this – not like an animal, but not in the fragile, careful way that Castiel speaks to him, either. Just like he’s a person, an equal. Despite his earlier… well, he’s not even sure what to call it. Territorial-ness? Whatever. In spite of his posturing a few minutes ago, he already likes Balthazar, and the possibility that he might be looking at an ally or even a
But when he opens his mouth, the only sound that escapes is a tiny breath of air. He knows the scent, knows the stance. Knows exactly what he’s after.
Balthazar doesn’t wait till he’s inside to open the thing. He just unlatches the little door right there and then, and the fluffy Siamese looking cat jumps out lightly and shakes out its fur. It pads over to the door like it owns the place, paying Balthazar no mind as he reaches back inside the Impala for his bag.
“I…” Dean’s voice is rough. “It’s better on the floor than it was on the bed frame. And I know I ain’t gotta be afraid anymore. But it’s… it’s hard to remember. Sometimes.”
He doesn’t add anything else. He just lets the words sit there, solid and meaningful, an almost tangible weight on Dean’s heart. They feel a lot heavier than simple physical desire. They feel like a confession of another kind entirely. But…
Dean’s face crumples a bit, though he does a remarkable job at keeping his voice steady. “I mean. I did. You told me not to get out of the car, and I
“I mean – I, uh, I dozed. But not for long, really. I tried, but – ” He swallows, stops himself from giving excuses. Castiel doesn’t care about his anxiety, doesn’t care about the sick terror that had kept him awake through that first night in the auction house, the surety that his master was on his way to retrieve him and blame him and
By the time they make it to Pamela’s office, the throbbing in his knee has morphed from uncomfortable to intolerable, and he can see Cas’s nose twitching out of the corner of his eye. The alpha sets him down in a chair outside the door with a firm look that Dean isn’t going to argue with, even if sitting here makes him feel like he’s risking a beating.
Dean’s cellphone arrives on the porch a few days later. Apparently, Cas hadn’t been bluffing when he’d said he was going to order Dean one – not that Dean really thought he had been. Mostly, he’d just been confused enough about the whole thing that he’d made himself
Cas seems to understand that, too, because he doesn’t try to get between them or draw closer to Dean. He doesn’t even speak, for a while – just texts something quickly on his phone and then drops it on the desk next to him, running a nervous hand through his hair. A few minutes later, Alfie is nervously poking his head into the room with a drink carrier in his hand.
Cas helps him to his feet, and Dean leans against the arm of the small couch in the room, finally looking around the office. The alpha draws the blinds up one by one, methodically, clearly following a ritual he’s done many times. The daylight outside pours in. It’s a beautiful view of the snow covered woods, even with the cloud cover. Dean can just see the corner of another building from where he’s leaning.
Alastair’s cruel hand on his collar, holding him down in liquid fire after he’d spent the night nearly freezing to death in the shed… that’s a sensation he’s never going to forget. Logically, he
Dean has some serious flashbacks to his heats in hell, specifically about Alastair's treatment of him. He starts off simply remembering what had happened and then briefly starts to hallucinate that he's actually there. If you'd like to skip that entirely, stop reading after
in his expression. And Castiel instantly feels himself responding in kind to that hunger, something gnawing at him to get up, to touch, to
It doesn’t take Dean long to get comfortable. He kicks off his boots, curls up on the cushions like a cat. Cas, in his silent, caring way, drops the blanket from the back of the couch over him. His arm settles easily over Dean’s ribs when he puts his head in the alpha’s lap, fingers intertwined against Dean’s chest.
His weary tone takes Castiel by surprise. In his chest, his heart sinks a little – maybe Dean doesn’t find his ineptitude as endearing as he thought. “I beg your pardon?”
Dean can feel sweat on the back of his neck that has nothing to do with how hot he is. “What about… won’t that kind of set Cas off?”
You can see all her podcasts here: https://www.fanficmaverickpodcast.com/podcast-episodes-1 or check out the specific episode at: https://www.fanficmaverickpodcast.com/post/ep-10-supernatural-interview-with-fanfiction-writer-casuallyneurotic. Huge thanks to ChaosBlue for their amazing interview and for the opportunity to rant about my silly little fic :)
Cas snorts, flipping the bacon in a methodical sort of way, one strip at a time. “I’m sure your peers were very impressed.”
try to get control of himself before the noise wakes Cas up. But he can’t – it’s like a release valve somewhere inside of him has been twisted, unable to be closed until the pressure drops down. He sobs until he’s
Castiel doesn’t want to think about that, doesn’t want to acknowledge that he’s got some sort of sick
Back on the tile in the same clothes he went to sleep in, Dean’s head is down, his hands behind him once again. The position doesn’t look at all comfortable. Castiel has no idea how long he’s been waiting there.
just sitting here in front of this man, who he logically knows does not want to hurt him and probably
Castiel bit the inside of his cheek. “I- Your soul would not have made it out, Dean. If I’d taken you in the state you were in, it would have been left behind. You’d have been a shell. So I had to…”
gone with the sharp stinging in his palm and his roiling stomach. He nearly slips again as he steps out onto the smooth tile, but just barely keeps himself upright. He’s bleeding all over the place, a long trail of red snaking down his arm and dripping to the floor until it looks like a veritable crime scene, and he looks around wildly for a towel. Of course, there
worried, though, because he’s watching the way the skin around Cas’s eyes tightens ever so slightly, watching the way his hands clamp into fists. He can see the strain in the tendons of his neck. And when he scents the air, past the surface level comfort of Cas’s familiar scent, he can pick up on a tense sort of… fear. Or at least something close.
“Maybe so,” Castiel says, “but he also knew that he was putting you both in the line of fire by double crossing Crowley. And rather than rush home to retrieve you to and attempt to flee, to bring you all to safety, he spent the night drinking and
Nodding slowly, he winces when Balthazar’s jaw cocks. “She’s an omega,” he offers quickly, feeling like he’s once again messed up. “Not interested in like… in causing a problem for you guys. If that’s what you’re worried about.”
sure not to think about how Cas might have reacted to the scent of his slick while he’s showering. The last thing he needs is a redux of yesterday’s shit show.
impossible to hide from anyone looking for it. Not to mention the tracker that’s built into it, the one that had led capture-cops, and later,
Scott came more and more out of their shell as they went, beginning to chatter about the landmarks they were passing, dropping random science facts about the different birds that flew over the Impala, commenting excitedly on the few remaining wildflowers this far into summer. Weirdly enough, it wasn’t at all like how it was when
Dean doesn’t appear to realize that she’s talking to him until there’s a lull of silence. He looks up, mouth slightly open. “Uh – yeah. Okay. That’s…”
They shuddered. “I don’t remember a lot of it. Just flashes here and there.” They bit their lip, fidgeting with their soot covered shirt sleeves. “Is… is it gonna come back? Because…”
“Wash the rest,” he rumbles softly, his hand still in place on Dean’s neck. Dean stares at the cloth blankly, but Castiel doesn’t really want to clarify. “Dean,” he prompts, letting the barest trickle of
Sam stresses, covering his eyes with his hand. He thought he’d cried himself out already. Thought he’d be able to get through this without crying
him if he’d rather sit next to Cas every once in a while. At least Sam had the decency to keep his pantomimed vomit to a minimum every time he caught them holding hands across the bench seat.
Pam blows a gust of air out of her mouth, making her bangs fly up on either side of her face. “I suppose it’s alright, at least for a while. I’m going to have to insist that he clears out in about fifteen minutes, though. The less time he spends in here, the less his scent will linger and the less scrubbing I’ll have to do to neutralize it.”
Those seemed to be the magic words – after that, Scott gradually started talking again, just as enthusiastic as before.
“Pretty easy to put us on our knees,” he says quietly, his hand raising to cover his nape subconsciously. “One friggin’ pinch, and it’s all over.”
Castiel trembled in his hand, tipped his head down and bit hard over the mark he had sucked earlier on Dean’s neck, because it was all he could do to keep from crying out. He needed to be inside Dean
One hand snaps up to cover his mouth, the other reaches up to tangle in the hair at the back of his head, and Dean cuts himself off. Abrupt and sharp and merciless. He’s
” He’s yelling, but his voice is hoarse and broken, so he doesn’t know why he’s bothering. Castiel jerks back anyway, his face wary and confused, and Dean is so bewildered that he doesn’t have time to be surprised that an alpha flinched away from
Castiel chokes out, something deep inside of him twisting at the words, at the acknowledgment that he is currently
The omega reaches out and tugs on the shirt, hard enough that Castiel stumbles forward and nearly tumbles onto the bed. His eyes drop down to Dean’s bare chest, then further – he has just a moment to register the small bit of scarring that’s peeking up from the waistband of his boxers before he realizes what he’s doing. He tears his eyes away and meets Dean’s gaze instead, heart in his throat as he tries not to think about how he knows those scars extend well below his waist.
inside him is howling, snapping, telling him to return to his omega and hold and claim and protect. And that’s exactly why he leaves, shutting the door behind him and padding carefully down to his office. He refuses to risk hurting Dean by giving in to those instincts.
Dean shrugs. This is so different from the first time Pamela checked him out. He isn’t terrified anymore, for one thing, and he knows that he can keep some things to himself without getting in trouble. But he figures that they’ll both be happiest with him if he tells the truth, so he decides not to fib.
Dean’s jaw flexes. He’s steeling himself for something; Castiel can tell. The walls that had slowly started to come down are being built back up right before his eyes. “But you want to… fix me.”
Sam watches silently, something making his chest ache when Dean looks back at the table and bites his lip. The
Dean would swear that the kid’s shoulders relax at that. He wonders how much Claire trusts Jody, and how much she still feels like she can’t trust
“You’re panicking again,” Balthazar interrupts calmly, and Castiel can, at the very least, comprehend that he is.
Dean looks lost. “But… if I didn’t want it, I wouldn’t be, uh,” he falters for a moment, obviously searching for the right words. “I wouldn’t have gotten all, um. Worked up. Right?”
Sam considers his words. “I… they left a weird message on my uncle’s answering machine.” He describes it, feeling more and more insane with every word that comes out of his mouth – he’s making a huge deal out of something that is almost certainly going to turn out to be nothing at all.
They look like legal documents, which immediately makes Dean’s stomach cramp with anxiety. The only papers he can think of that would apply to
for a free person to do. He jots something down on his clipboard, unphased with Dean’s stunned silence.
terrifying. The pure exhaustion he’d felt, bone deep, and the satisfying drift into sleep afterwards.
The alpha glances in his rearview mirror, sighing as the guard shack disappears around the corner. “As rough around the edges as she is, Meg
Castiel is fairly certain he’d feel that way regardless, but he lets out a relieved huff of laughter anyway.
time Jo had been arrested. Sam knows she’s had to suffer through more than one night of stomach turning worry that her omega kid would be taken advantage of while she waited out the night in a jail cell.
Dean glances at the offending home appliance. “Oh. Uh, no. No, I sorta… I like to sleep with the light on, actually,” he blurts, face flushing even darker. He snorts at himself, rubbing a harsh hand over his chin. “Fuck, that sounds pathetic, don’t it?”
Cas’s face fell into something resembling true heartbreak. It made Dean’s walls ram straight back up, because
The man’s eyes find Dean and instead of grabbing him up or slapping him or spitting rage and claiming his property like he should, his shoulders slowly fall. He swallows. The aggression in his scent fades to nothing and Dean is almost sick, he’s so confused.
Biting his lip, Castiel tries and fails to think about what would make Dean most comfortable. Maybe the book will have some ideas. He’ll try just about anything right now to ease the tension from Dean’s shoulders, to soothe the fear out of his scent.
The look on Cas’s face says, yeah. He pretty much did. He seems almost nervous, as though he’s afraid Dean is going to turn him down. As if he would
Castiel carefully turns his body toward Dean, his hands in his lap. He’s crying – has been crying for a while, now, and when Dean finally looks at him he does a double take. Concern eclipses the fire in his eyes nearly instantly. “Cas?”
doesn’t even understand why he’s doing it – all he knows is what feels right. “Please,” he chokes out, not even sure what the hell he’s asking for.
He looks down at his hand in his lap, somehow too large, almost foreign to him even after all the time he’s had to accept his designation for what it is. Thinks about the fragility of the man he’s become responsible for, and thinks about how he’s not built for handling things that are fragile.
familiar to me, but I couldn’t figure out why,” she mutters, pretty much talking to herself at this point – something she does when her mind is racing. “But… shit, if he
and yet he’s pinning him down with an ice cold, unfriendly glare like he really thinks Cas was about to jump Dean in the elevator.
“I hurt you?” the man asks, and he sounds genuinely distressed by the idea, which makes no fucking sense at all. “When? How?”
“No apology necessary,” Castiel said quickly, internally wincing at just how desperate he sounded for more of that touch. Just how desperate he
Castiel chews on the inside of his cheek for a moment, debating with himself. He looks at Dean’s collar, at the mark of
It’s the norm. It’s been the norm for so long that he doesn’t understand why he’s bothered to mention it, to contradict the man that literally owns him and can do anything he wants to a slave that’s disrespectful. And suddenly his fear is choking him again, and his heart is racing and he just wants whatever this is to be done, wants his master to get it
“I don’t have to tell you that you shouldn’t be penetrated any time soon,” she says flippantly as she organizes her stuff. Her voice is light, as if it doesn’t matter at all that she just signed his death warrant.
He closes his eyes for a moment, weirdly giddy from such a normal conversation. Maybe it’s because it’s been so long since he was able to use a phone at all. He’d seen other people use them, of course – his masters’ phones had evolved with the times over the years, obviously. But the only thing Dean had been worried about was if they’d been using those phones to record him. Not that could have done anything about it.
Balthazar cocks his jaw, his foot tapping angrily on the floor. He shifts his focus to the table in front of him, the glass twirling like a top between his fingertips. “Yes, well. Tell someone something often enough, and they tend to believe you after a while – no matter how ludicrous it may sound at first.”
Castiel draws in a breath, nodding before he remembers that Balthazar can’t see him. The omega’s voice is taut when he speaks again – Castiel can hear rustling in the background, can hear Balthazar fiddling with his keys to lock his office door. “I’m getting Pam. We’ll be there shortly. Do
Dean ducks his head, and the alpha waits patiently for an explanation. Dean definitely owes him one. “I’m grateful for what I got, Cas,” he says helplessly, and Castiel’s expression softens.
Dean just shakes his head. He doesn’t blame Cas for his own inability to handle a simple conversation. And he knows, as much as he hates it, that it’s one he needed to have. “It’s fine,” he says weakly, speaking directly into the alpha’s leg because he’s too much of a pussy to meet his eyes. “I get it.”
tried to convince Dean to accompany him to the office to have Pamela check it out. But he’d taken one look at Dean’s drawn, pale face – had scented the chaotic, trembling air once more – and had decided it would do more harm than good.
Cas’s breathing is even against him. He doesn’t hesitate, doesn’t have to think about his words before he says them. “For many reasons. You’re so strong, so brave – it constantly astounds me. You’re a
“I don’t have any questions,” Dean mutters, finally dropping his gaze. It isn’t true, but he doesn’t want to give in to the beta’s attempt at conversation. He’s doing this because Balthazar wants him to, because
Cas quirks up an eyebrow, frustratingly unphased by Dean’s outburst. “Because you are. You’re a person. You’re intelligent. You’re hardworking.” Cas plows through even when Dean tries to interrupt. “You have
Dean laughed a sharp, loud bark. “I think you’re the one who drew the short straw, there,” he said flippantly. But Castiel could tell by the way he was biting his lip, by the way his arms crossed around him, that Dean was more upset than he was letting on.
The man makes a dismissive gesture. “So what? She did it to herself, you know. Signed her own contract. And I could deal,” he continues softly, “with you giving up the bounty – and what a generous bounty it was, no? But helping that little bitch slip her
Dean just stares at it, hesitating for a beat too long, and before he can convince himself to nut up and shake it, Kevin snatches it back. “Oh –
“Uh. A few times they just. Knocked me out.” He prays she won’t ask why, that he won’t have to tell her about his futile escape attempts early on under Alastair’s care. About the first time he woke up chained down – not in the retraining facility, where he’d expected, but
The alpha breaks off mid-sentence, giving him his full attention. Dean can’t quite meet his eyes – he feels himself flushing already. He curls up a little, drawing his knees to his chest and speaking to
“It doesn’t feel real,” Dean says after a while. He’s not looking at Castiel, his attention focused on the plates. Slowly, he turns one in his hand, running the drying cloth along the outer rim. “Feel like I’m gonna wake up any second now.”
Dean gaped up at the twin masses. At Castiel, who was no doubt slightly feral looking what with all the making out they had done. Cas didn’t give Dean a chance to speak, simply kissed the shock straight from his lips. Took his gasp into his own mouth as he plunged his fingers back into Dean’s stretched out hole. He twisted his hand, searching for the spot he
Swallowing, he takes an unsteady step closer, careful to be quiet even as another wave of vertigo hits him. Cas doesn’t so much as twitch as he folds himself carefully onto the carpet, as he leans against the man’s bedframe and takes in a long, slow breath. Dean wraps his arms around himself and tries his best to stop shivering. He just wanted to calm down. Just wanted Cas’s scent, and he’s got it, so he’s fine.
him, had sent him into a panic spiral when he’d realized that he’d given a powerful alpha something akin to ammunition. Against him, of course, but also against his family. He’d always known that the person who owned him could find and hurt Sam, too, in more ways than one. But now he understands that those fears had been a product of his own fucked up expectations, not of anything that Cas had done or ever will do. And he has to wonder if that slip up, almost a
“Claire,” he calls out, tone as mild as it was when they started. “Give it a rest. And you, please clean yourself up.”
When Dean’s not nesting, he’s in Castiel’s office with him. He always knocks, always picks up the blanket he carefully folded the day before to wrap around his shoulders. Always carries the green pillow with him. Without fail, he naps for at least an hour, usually longer, curled up just a foot from Castiel’s chair. And while Castiel regrets that Dean has picked him of all people to scent bond with, he’s glad he can provide the omega with some sort of relief. His presence in the room is comfortable, if quiet.
would he waste his time fixing a broken omega, rebuilding him from the ground up? He’s doing the equivalent of fattening up the goose so he can chop its damn head off at the end of the season. Prepping Dean like a pig for slaughter.
Needless to say, Sam had gone ballistic. He’d been lucky, in hindsight, that the cops he’d called had been pro-omega. Otherwise he might have ended up in jail instead of the students he’d gone after. He’s probably
Even now he struggles, searching for the words to articulate himself, and Castiel stays quiet and lets him. This is important – bigger than an argument about a floor cushion – and he sees that now.
“I didn’t know!” The other alpha is already squealing, squirming to try and get away from Castiel’s ironclad grip. “I didn’t know he was yours, okay? He ain’t mated, how was I supposed to know?”
He sounds like he means it. Sounds like he doesn’t understand why Castiel would bother at all. “I shouldn’t have taken out my frustration on you.”
For those of you who are commenting... thank you. Thank you. It means so much to know what you all think, and I've grown so spoiled with your generosity and kindness. I am trying to respond to every single one, and I'll get my inbox down to zero eventually...
“Why else would you have a backpack full of your stuff with you? No demon carries around a toothbrush, kid.”
When he sees an opening, he strikes back. Not to hurt – unlike the younger omega, he understands this is not supposed to be overtly violent. Instead, he grabs her arm the next time she takes a swing at him and twists, quick and firm, until she has to rip out of his grip and retreat or be pushed to her knees.
you,” Dean repeats quietly, emphatically, and Cas’s hand tightens around his own. “I wouldn’t have asked if I didn’t trust you. Believe me.”
He shoves his master off of him and wrenches away, scrambling backward across the carpet until he hits a wall, the blanket tangling around his legs for a terrifying moment before he can break free. And, somehow, the alpha
him to, he still grits his teeth and holds his tender wrists under the jet and winces at the sting. The water drains away rust colored. He hates how filthy he is. Dirty,
He’s also well aware that he shouldn’t intrude if he isn’t wanted. This is Dean’s safe space. It doesn’t matter that they’ve been sleeping while wrapped around each other for the last few nights, the same room for a while before that. Doesn’t matter that he’s sat, at minimum, a foot from Dean as he’s fallen asleep for almost a month. Doesn’t matter that he’s fallen asleep carding his fingers through Dean’s hair, or with the omega’s arms wrapped around him, or both.
Castiel steps forward. Draws Dean’s hand into his own, and lets out a long breath when the omega presses into his side. They are quiet for a moment. Both of them are soaking in the enormity of this, he thinks – of Dean telling him what he wants. He squeezes the man’s hand. “Then you have it.”
He smiles when he unlocks it, showing Dean his own message. “You’re quite a quick study,” he rumbles, tapping his phone a few times – to save Dean’s number, he guesses. “It's really very remarkable.”
He does have to wonder, though, how Cas would react to the knowledge that he’d been a whore long before anyone forced him to. The thought makes him slump down in his seat, stomach twisting.
He does roll his eyes, now. Flicks a thumb over the jagged scar around his neck. “You know I used to be collared, Winchester.”
you doing?” he asks, peering into the pans. It’s a jumble of what looks like several different meals at once.
Balthazar snorts unhelpfully next to him, and Pam has a slight smile in the corners of her eyes. “Right. You all stocked up on groceries?”
He held Dean’s gaze under the spray for a second, a silent request for permission. Dean raised his eyebrows defiantly, challenging Cas to do his worst – and it was all he managed before he was roughly pushed against the cool tiles. Cas wasted
They’re lined up on hooks, swinging gently when people walk by. It seems like a weird place to store them – why not just keep them in boxes? That same niggling feeling starts to dig at the back of his mind, scratching insistently –
But that can’t really mean anything, not coming from an alpha, so Dean says nothing. His master takes a deep, steadying breath. “As for you pushing me – like I said, it’s understandable under the circumstances. You didn’t hurt me, but you were scared I was going to hurt you.”
make a move to get up or pull away from Castiel’s hand. It’s like he’s frozen in place. Stuck. The look on his face is almost pleading,
Balthazar is kind enough to give him a second. He waits until Sam looks back at him to hold up the phone.
He forces his eyes closed like Sam used to slam the trunk of the Impala, pissed off that they’d once again had to pack up their shit and move. And of course, that makes him think about his little brother’s weight next to him in the back seat of the car, of his head on Dean’s shoulder after he inevitably conked out an hour into the drive, of Sam’s face and Sam’s laugh and…
The barest trickle of his scent filters in through his make-shift mask, and Castiel closes his eyes as he holds Dean close. It is somehow both the best thing he has ever smelled and the worst – honey-sweet apples that have gone rotten with his fear.
Back then, it had filled him with nothing but panic, and self disgust, and guilt. He’d been furious at himself for forcing Dean to feel things he wasn’t ready for, for being
Dean feels cold. He knows that Sam isn’t in any danger, not anymore. But, having been on the receiving end of John’s righteous rage more than once, he can’t help the fear that grips him by the spine. But Sam shakes his head, huffs out a small, genuine laugh, like the memory is something he’s
Dean hitches in a breath, rocking forward and back, forward and back. Minute motions. He puts one hand on Castiel’s wrist and squeezes.
Castiel strokes his hand up and down, does his best to allow Dean to let go. Does his best to be the reassuring presence that the omega desperately needs. He doesn’t know what he’s doing – hasn’t even begun to tackle the million and one thoughts inside of his mind, the what-ifs and the maybes. It doesn’t matter. Dean is his priority.
Don't forget to tell me what you thought! If you're here on a second read-through, 1) thank you and 2) you may notice a few minor edits here or there. Just going over things with a fine toothed comb!
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” he whispers. “I am so, so sorry. I cannot even begin to ask for your forgiveness.”
some frantic, well-trained alarm bell going off in his head. It’s nearly enough to make him give up. Nearly enough to make him curl up in the shower and breathe too fast.
Castiel tilts his phone screen toward him, showing off the picture of Balthazar’s cat on his lap. Dean studies it for a moment, and then, inexplicably, he laughs too. At Castiel’s confused glance, he gestures at himself, and at Castiel’s own lap.
Castiel can feel wet streaks on his own face, uncontrollable. He gently threads his fingers through Dean’s short hair and hopes it won’t scare him, but help him instead; will help him ground him and show that Castiel is not a threat and that he’s
Two impossible choices; one demeaning and violating and horrifying, and the other better only by degrees.
Dean’s been living in terror for the last 24 hours and Castiel has done nothing but exacerbate it. He selfishly hopes that Pamela is picking up the pieces in there while he hides.
“Thank you for agreeing to meet me,” Castiel says eventually, dropping his hand without comment. He tries not to let his nerves show – he wants so very badly to convince Sam that Dean is safe, and has no idea how. “I know you have questions.”
Charlie’s voice is firm over the line, no-nonsense, and Sam just barely resists the urge to growl in frustration. He kicks a can off into the yellowing grass behind Bobby’s workshop instead, and listens to it clatter against the side of a rusted out old pickup.
Throat tight, Castiel sets out his hand on the console, and after only a breath of hesitation Dean slips his palm in and grips tight. Castiel says nothing, because in this moment, nothing needs to be said. He cannot possibly hope to understand the shifts in identity that Dean has had to face, cannot hope to comprehend the way that he has had to fight and claw to hold on to some sort of semblance of self.
had helped Sam pack his bag and had dropped him off at the early bus this morning that was supposed to take him out to the campground.
Castiel nods again. Pam smiles. “Balthazar and I are going to scram,” she says, a good-natured grin on her face. Then she jerks her head inside the house. “Get in there.”
Dean lets loose a breath, and Castiel counts it as a win that he was able to suss out what the omega’s fear was on his own. “I’ll… I’ll be sick,” he finally croaks; hesitant, even, to say that much in his own defense.
The alpha sighs. “It’s not about deserving or not deserving. Ideally, there would be no slaves at all,” he says simply, not at all seeming to realize he’s flipped Dean’s stomach upside down with the words. “For now, all we can do is help those who need it most, wherever we can.”
Dean meets his gaze with something caught and vulnerable in his eyes, as though he’d never expected Castiel to say those words. So he doubles down, digs in even deeper, because he
Dean sucks in a sharp gasp and looks up at Castiel frantically, confused for another beat before his eyes clear. His arms drop down from his back and he slumps,
To tear open the shower curtain and step under the spray. Maybe he’d sink to his knees and bat away Cas’s hand, his eyes daring and mischievous. Maybe he’d place a soft kiss exactly where it’s wanted. Maybe he’d wrap his lips around him and
His head is warm and heavy when he rests his head on Castiel’s chest, and before long, his arms drop from his knees. He’s boneless. Entirely dependent on Castiel for support.
But, like with so many other things, Cas has shifted something inside of him that he thought was permanently rusted. And even though he’s disgusted with himself for wanting any kind of sex at all…
peaceful in his sleep, his face smooth, the seemingly perpetual lines and creases erased as he rests. Physical manifestations of his difficult life, put to rest by
again, though the thought does make him wrinkle his nose. He feels… solid. Like he has a place in the world. It’s a good feeling. He could probably close his eyes and drift off just like this.
to – he’d have laughed in their face. He wonders how long Cas stayed with him last night before he went to bed himself. He wonders why he keeps acting like he deserves that, and why Cas keeps humoring him.
But Castiel still smooths his hand over the fabric on Dean’s shoulders and back, still tries to get rid of the spiced scent of Sam’s anger. Because Sam is most of why Dean is
Castiel, who had already gotten a few steps ahead of him, turns around with a distracted look on his face – but when he smells Dean’s fear, the look sharpens into concern. Dean can only meet his eyes for a split second before he drops his gaze to the tile, abruptly feeling the
too quiet for comfort. Based on that alone, he and Pamela probably had quite the conversation on the drive over. While the doctor is unperturbed, his friend is sporting the tell-tale brooding expression of someone who’s been on the receiving end of a firm dressing down.
Dean squeezes his hands one last time and then pulls back, cracking his knuckles nervously. “Leave explaining our, uh… our sleeping arrangements to me,” he says, a blush dusting his face. “Don’t think he’ll believe it if it comes from you.”
with it. But when his tears had dried and he’d been able to breathe without feeling as though there was a spear lodged in his chest, he’d leaned away from Dean and really looked at him. He had seen the truth of his exhaustion there. Had seen him shake. Shiver. Had seen the weary grief pulling at his face and the limp way in which even his scent had flattened out.
“And as much as I appreciate you throwing a potential creep up against the wall for me,” he adds, with an amused quirk to his mouth, “I’d appreciate it if you left both his feet on the floor in the future. I, uh. I kinda care about him.”
as Claire had put it – more than one way to skin the cat that is his emancipation. One that Cas, for reasons he doesn’t want to consider, hadn’t bothered to tell him about.
He’s the quietest alpha Dean has ever met. He has never flaunted himself or his strength, hasn’t bullied people using that cold steel tone that would chill a room below freezing if he wanted it to. Cas is
“But… ” Dean seems genuinely confused, his brow furrowing as he looks at Castiel from the corner of his eye. “You own me. That’s what you are.”
He’d pulled back carefully, leaving a little inch of space between them, and they both seemed to hold their breath. Dean doesn’t think that either of them knew what was happening onscreen for a good ten minutes.
As he flicks his eyes across the monitors to follow their progress through a hundred different angles, Dean studies the way Sam holds himself next to Cas. The stiff curve of his shoulders, the bend at his neck. Like he’s carrying something heavy. Dean’s starting to realize that, despite what he’s sacrificed to keep his brother safe and healthy, the weight on his back might be something that Dean himself has put there.
Dean gives him the gift of another small, slightly nervous smile, ducking his head to his chest in a nod. “Alright. Can I start on those?”
While Novak is gone, he and Dean talk about nothing and everything, and it's so surreal that Sam wonders if he's dreaming more than once.
He wonders, belatedly, what exactly the slave doctors listed in the file might have done to Dean to make his scent this terrified. He’s so stupid to have not thought about it before.
Castiel had taken his long, tan coat in one hand, his chest aching with fondness. “Only if you’ll wear this one,” he’d compromised, shucking his hastily thrown-on jacket to hand to Dean in turn. “Don’t want you to be cold.” And, though his face had been wane and tense with worry, Dean had
Stomach turning unpleasantly, he turns his attention back to the monitors. He’s lost track of them, as consumed by his thoughts as he’d been.
“I’m… good,” he says softly, and means it for the first time in as long as he can remember. “Really good, actually.”
Cas hums in agreement, making no move at all to check the time to be sure. Instead, he just holds Dean for a while, breathing softly against him. And for a moment, Dean gets to close his eyes and think about what it would be like to get to have this every day. Thinks about getting to wake up to this, Cas’s strong body and safe scent and gravelly morning voice, their pillows soft beneath them and their blankets warm on top.
Balthazar knows more about that than Castiel does. Personally, he hadn’t been able to stomach more than a quick skim of Dean’s file. He’s seen the basics, has a good idea of the sheer number of disciplinary actions and escape attempts from the thickness of the packet alone. But past that, he’s got no idea about the specifics of Dean’s injuries, about the people that have owned him or the things he’s been “trained” in. He’s not sure he wants to know, not sure that he could handle knowing.
Every window downstairs is thrown open, every candle he owns is lit. It’s not enough to rid the house of Dean’s scent entirely, but it
Castiel can’t quite help the giggle that escapes him – the sound is some combination of nervous anticipation and relief. Dean snorts against him, punching his arm lightly, but there’s no malice in the gesture. “Just my friggin’ luck.”
Dean shrugs, trying to brush it off, but the gesture doesn’t come off as nonchalant as he wants it to. “Sure, I guess I sort of did when I was a kid. That was just cleaning to me back then, though, you know? Keeping the place in order and all that.” He swallows, desperately stepping around the memories that statement drags up. The last thing he needs to think about right now is his dad. Or Sammy.
Dean looks up, gives Cas a shaky little smile, trying his best to hold it together. If only for the alpha’s sake. “You’re the first person I’ve ever asked. The first person I… that I
Castiel parallel parks in front of some classy clothing store clumsily, bumping the curb more than once before he’s satisfied that he’s equi-distant between the cars in front and behind. As he stares out at the snow-dusted roadway, Dean has a sudden pang for the Impala. He wonders if Sam has it now. His dad had always told him it would be his – before he presented, anyway. After that, John hadn’t brought it up again, and the only thing he might have actually
“Don’t sweat it, kid,” Dean says. Castiel can see the strain in the corners of his eyes, can see the slight tremor in his hand. But he reaches down, an offer to help Sam up off of the floor anyway. “I’m sort of a basket case, these days.”
“Yeah,” he chokes out, his voice more strangled than it has a right to be. “That’s. Yeah. Okay.”  Cas looks at him with steady concern, of course, but Dean doesn’t know how to explain.
“Because you wanted some stupid Chinese symbol or something, and I wasn’t about to let you embarrass yourself like that,” Dean insisted.
, even if that’s exactly what he deserves. He hates himself for that. Hates that he knows he wouldn’t be able to do it, not even for something as important as this.
“Of course I like him,” he replies, dipping a chicken finger carefully in his ketchup. “He’s a good dude, Claire.”
Castiel just runs his hand up and down Dean’s back for a while, keeping his breathing even and slow. Unfortunately, Dean does not relax as he’d hoped. He stays as tense as he’d been before, his grip tight around Castiel’s waist. Like he’s holding on for dear life.
Looking pained, Cas nods. “Unfortunately not. Not in a legal sense, anyway. But this sort of bonding –
Dean shudders. “I know. You’re too good. But I…” He swallows, the sound loud in the quiet of the room, and his next words are soft and thick with shame. “‘M a slut.”
Yellow-eyes had taken his omega-virginity trophy and then dumped Dean back at the auction center to be bought by someone with lower standards. And he had been. Over, and over, and over.
Dean scoffs at that, shaking his head with an angry laugh. “Maybe if I had, you wouldn’t have to deal with this. Deal with
He doesn’t look up when Castiel sits down next to him – but, to be fair, Castiel hadn’t expected him to. He does, at least, allow Castiel to hand him the offered cup, taking an automatic, nearly robotic sip without bothering to check the contents.
The alpha clears his throat and awkwardly moves away from Dean until he’s on the other side of the couch. “Why don’t you sit on the other side of the coffee table.”
It’s absurdly cathartic to push and tuck blankets and pillows into the little nooks and crannies of his hidey-hole, beyond comforting to curl into his nest of pillows and blankets with the one quilt he
“What… does that mean?” Dean asked slowly, though Castiel could tell he was already putting it together. “Like, when you say
to prove Castiel right. He falters, the words dying before they make it past his throat. With another squeeze of his hand, Castiel lowers the phone and presses the speaker button with his thumb, torn between the knowledge that Dean has a right to hear this, and fear that Sam’s tone will spook him.
when he could get Sam to eat something, to drink his favorite hot cocoa; to laugh at a story, a joke.
“Dead on my feet,” Dean admits wearily, though Castiel can hear his slight smile. “Real fuckin’ annoying. Didn’t I
They fall asleep like that, pressed together, and for the first time in a while Castiel feels in control. Like things might turn out okay after all.
“Right. And you were conditioned that way because making someone feel that they aren’t worthy of sitting anywhere but the ground is an excellent way to break down their spirit.”
accusations he’s never once in his life needed to hear. He’d scared Dean so many times in the last hour alone that he’s not sure how anyone could think he’s the right person for this. How Pam even allowed him back into that room at all.
Castiel has no idea how he’s supposed to handle this. How he’s supposed to begin to explain to Sam how far Dean has come. How badly Dean had been broken when he’d picked him up all those months ago, and how stable he is now in comparison. How can he tell the man that his older brother had been afraid to speak? To look him in the eye? To even exist in the same room as Castiel? And how can he bring himself to then explain to Sam where they are now
Frowning, Castiel cocks his head to the side. It occurs to him, much later than it should have, that he’s missing something crucial here. “Are you… do you mean your brother?”
He doesn’t know he’s snarling out loud till he’s already doing it, till Rick is already dropping Dean to the floor in shock. The beta backs up from the shaken, cowering omega with wide eyes, his hands up in the air when Castiel surges forward. He only stops because Dean flinches at the movement too; he curls up at Castiel’s feet with his head pressed to the floor, breathing harshly.
The name automatically makes anger flare inside of him. How could it not? Sam isn’t real fond of the ultra rich in general, and the Morningstars are the worst of the worst. They’d made their fortune on
For a terrifying second, Dean saw nothing but a flash of blinding light – but it didn’t last. It barely even
There’s a soft sigh above him, like Cas wants to argue but decides against it. “I’ll move one of the other guest beds into your room, then,” he says instead, and Dean feels even more tension drain away from him. He doesn’t know
Dean is so much like he remembers, and so different, too. It’s something in how he’s holding himself, Sam thinks. He’s… smaller. Less of a presence.
Dean’s already moving that way, carefully rolling the sleeves of the dark navy hoodie he’s grown attached to up to his elbows. “‘S fine.”
“More blankets?” Castiel settles onto the ground next to the mattress, setting Dean’s plate down next to him on the bed gently.
He closed his eyes. Pressed his lips together. “That’s a different kind of connection. One that I had to make
Dean scrubs a hand through his short hair, a nervous gesture that gets him out of his proper position but one he does anyway. Castiel doesn’t comment.
He’s met not with Cas, but with a young beta man sitting at the previously empty secretary’s desk. He blinks up at Dean in open surprise, his mouth a small “o” of confusion.
Benny raises his hands in triumph. “He speaks!” It doesn’t seem to concern him that the only thing Dean has said is disrespectful – on the contrary, he seems genuinely pleased.
asks permission to enter his room. And as he lays here in his nest of blankets and pillows – all of which
Castiel has to take a second to even process the question, his stomach attempting to turn itself inside out when he does. “I. No. The basic wash,” he forces himself to say, “Is fine.”
pleasure if it doesn’t come with a side of pain?” He rolled his hips in a small, slow circle, tugging at the knot as if testing its boundaries. “How long does this thing stay inflated?”
But Dean doesn’t even ask what he means. He just nods. Tired and slow. Swallowing an unexpected wave of gratitude, Castiel takes charge – if only for a little while.
prompting to drop to his knees. He does so as naturally as breathing, as if this is the only way he could be – hunched over in front of him in a mockery of prayer. His eyes have not left the ground, and the only indication that he even knows that Castiel is there is the slight flinch backward when he slowly stands up from the couch. Somehow, he manages not to move when the handler unclips his leash and tucks the loop into his belt. He doesn’t even dare to breathe.
Dean holds the scarf in front of him blankly. He’s pretty sure his mouth is hanging open. Cas looks even more concerned, so he scrambles up, nodding, and follows him to the garage with questions stuck in his throat. Cas doesn’t say anything, thank God – just gives him one last confused look, and then opens the door for him. The air from the garage is cool on his face.
It’s one thing to belong to some random rich do-gooder, to be a... pet. It’s something else to be a fucked up slave that belongs to someone who runs a business that’s all about
So, at the same time that he’s guilty for hiding, he feels pathetic for even considering that Sam would give a shit in the first place. That he’d want anything to do with Dean at all, at this point.
to curl back into his lonely little mattress. He’d punched his pillows into submission, had folded and scrunched blankets until they seemed nearly right – though always with something missing. He’d tried to force his mind to go blank anyway, had tried to tell himself that he was doing the right thing. That he was helping them both.
he just kneels, exactly like he’s been trained, fingers splayed out on the dirty ground to hold him up. But when the alpha leans forward, when he grabs the back of Dean’s hair to angle him toward his bulging pants, Dean’s desperation outweighs his trained obedience. He starts begging.
The pile of dishes in the sink is starting to look like the Tower of Pisa, and Castiel can’t help the flash of embarrassment. “Ah. I apologize for that… I’ll admit I don’t really have much experience with the clean-as-you-go method.”
Castiel brushes Dean’s hair back from his face and looks at him closely. The omega is exhausted. Worn down from everything he’s been through for the past week or so. “I missed you too, Dean.”
He insists on helping Castiel put lunch together, even with the lingering pain in his knee and his sleepless eyes, and Castiel can’t muster up the strength to deny him when he looks so determined to solve something. In silence, they split the duties in the kitchen – Dean slicing up cheese and apples, Castiel carefully arranging greens on their sandwiches. They both wash the dishes from the night before. Dean scrubs, Castiel rinses and dries.
He freezes as Balthazar raises his voice so Cas can hear him inside the office. After a moment, the alpha opens the door, a slight frown on his face. “I intend to.”
sort of way. But it’s one thing to logically understand something, and another to truly believe it. Cas seems to get that, because he takes a deep breath and thinks about his words before replying. And, rather than make Dean tense, the silence reassures him. It’s proof that the alpha gives a shit about what he’s about to say.
For a moment, he just grumpily fumbles around for his blanket, wondering why he’s curled up without even a sheet over him in his bed. When he finds it, he tugs it over his shoulders, and snuggles back into the mattress with a content sigh.
relaxed up until that point. He hums, returning his attention to the register he’s making his way toward.
Then, like sounds after an explosion, muffled and hardly discernible over the ringing in his ears, Sam’s next words filter through. Dean feels each one like bullets to the chest, searing and loud and
Something about that – the pheromones, the gentle touch, the alpha-calm, the kindness of the gestures – maybe
He doesn’t like the way Claire’s expression is shifting back into suspicion. “I think you’d remember that one,” she says darkly, narrowing her eyes at his phone. “Jody didn’t say anything about it, either?”
The morning – or night, really – that he sneaks downstairs and starts pulling books off the shelves, he feels like an interloper. Like he’s broken into Castiel’s home and is rifling through his things without permission. He’s so nervous that he can’t even pick up a book at first, and it takes twenty minutes of him staring at the shelves while Castiel sleeps for him to make sense of the titles.
Dean gives him a shaky, small smile. He looks longingly at the bed, as though he’d be quite happy to lay down and go to sleep right
The words might be considered accusatory, but she says them with her normal calm professionalism. Castiel reminds himself that he’s not being made fun of, nor is he being scrutinized. Not by Pamela, anyway. She’s the one who seems convinced that he’s going to stay sane throughout this. If he didn’t know how invested she was in the people under her care, he might have doubted the accuracy of that claim – but he knows better than to think she’d allow him to put Dean in any sort of danger.
His gaze is intense, even with his eyes hooded. But it’s not uncomfortable, not like Dean might have thought it would be. In fact, he sort of finds solace in it. There’s a weird feeling of domesticity in the air, the warm comfort of existing in the same space as someone without feeling the pressure to interact.
He’s going to be punished. He knows this. He’ll survive, or he won’t, but it’s not up to him and there’s nothing he can do about it. So he stays where he is, forehead pressed into the stupidly white carpet, and waits.
“I thought you were gonna beat the shit outta me,” he blurts, and while Cas flinches, he doesn’t tell him to stop. So Dean doesn’t. “I thought – I thought I’d fucked up so bad, Cas. And, I mean, you remember. I wigged out. I don’t even – I don’t
“I told you that I’m here to help you. Sending you into a panic attack isn’t going to help anything.”
“Yeah,” he says simply, and Sam stops short, shock in his eyes. “He told me. If you ain’t noticed, Sammy, he’s taken that whole black sheep rebellion thing you loved so much to a whole new level.” He looks around the office meaningfully. “He really does just want to help. That’s all.”
he would give a shit – if Dean kicks it, or figures it out, the alpha’s got to start this process all over again with another broken omega who is too desperate for kindness to realize what’s happening right in front of their face.
But Castiel isn’t foolish enough to believe what he’s done for the last few years is enough to make up for a lifetime of ignorance, and choosing to do nothing at all when he could have made all the difference in the world.
“It is. It is,” Castiel confirms, and Dean makes an anguished noise, shock and hope and a terrible, deep sadness thick in the air around him. More than any of those, though, is the now familiar scent of Dean’s pure, unadulterated
“I did this to me,” he corrects, shaking his head. He can’t begrudge her the suspicion – he’d feel the exact same, he knows. “He wouldn’t. And if you know anything about Pam, you know she wouldn’t let anyone get away with that. Even him.”
Pamela growls, “We could have already figured out what he wants. But he’s not, so you’re going to have to go in and ask him.”
had punished him for daring to do so, for doing anything with his body without permission. He’d seen it as a failure in his
Dean misses his touch instantly – he suppresses the urge to yank the alpha’s arm back down over him as though it’s his blanket and it’s too early on a Saturday morning.
“For him to act like you own him?” Balthazar snorts. “You can’t. Not right now. It would be nice if you could, but a slave like Dean is not going to be able to function without boundaries – at least not at first. You have to take it slow.”
He looks down when Dean fails to respond. The omega’s eyes are huge, his face white as a sheet, his plate clutched in his hands like a shield. “Dean?”
Castiel nods, a thoughtful look on his face. “I do recall a store nearby that does alterations as well as clothing sales – assuming it’s still in the same place. It’s quite a bit smaller. Does that sound better?”
about him, that he’d rather be the man’s pet forever than live a free life without him? Dean doesn’t understand
They’re chest to chest. His breathing is soft and even, his head resting on Dean’s shoulder, nose turned toward his neck. And Dean doesn’t move, doesn’t even
Crowley never seems to be scared of anything. Not that he needs to be. Not with that alpha posse of his, and not when he’s got John hook, line, and sinker, on promises of easy catches and
It had always been one of those thoughts he kept at bay, one of those hopes he ripped up like a weed any time it dared to sprout. He couldn’t afford to let that thought grow roots, couldn’t afford to let it take up any space in his mind – he knew it would have killed him, wanting that. Knew he wouldn’t have made it through a
He pulls his phone out of his pocket, taps the speaker button obligingly when Dean glares at him. “Change of plans,” he says smoothly, when someone on the other end picks up. “We’ll no longer be needing the child. You can return – I think I’ll have
It feels like manipulation, but Castiel had been forced to shove aside his guilt. It seems that, during heat, Dean needs quite a lot of coaxing to do just about anything on his own. However, he is
Dean hasn’t washed dishes in a very long time, but it’s not like he’s forgotten how to do it. In no time at all he’s scrubbing away, hot water steaming around him, suds on his shirt. He’s making a lot of noise, but Castiel’s bedroom is far enough away from the kitchen that he’s not worried about waking the alpha up. The soap stings his wrists a little, but he ignores it, thankful for the small pain in a way. It makes him feel more… normal, as fucked up as that sounds.
it, and he isn’t going to take it back. It’s true that Castiel is the one that plucked him out of the trade, but
A little flustered, Castiel’s mouth opens into a small round shape before he blinks and reaches toward him. “I apologize. Here, let me –”
Picking himself up from the ground is harder than it should be. He carefully takes off Balthazar’s blanket, folding it neatly, and leaves it sitting next to the still full cup of joe. Then, he pulls himself off of the ground and walks close enough to poke at the controls, cycling through feed after feed until he lands on the hallway outside of Cas’s office. Just in time, too – Cas is walking inside, Sam right on his heels, his face a mask of thinly contained frustration. It makes the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck prickle to attention, that expression.
The voicemail hasn’t changed one lick from the one Dean helped to set up, all those years ago. He thinks he’s going to choke on his love when he realizes it.
He hops in the shower with his face burning red, little snakes of lingering fear and flames of embarrassment hot against his skin. The water is a shock to his system, cold as ice against his flushed body, and he stands in place with his arms crossed and waits for his little problem to solve itself.
big on him, and he refuses to look in the mirror to see how starved he must look until he’s buried under a layer of fabric.
Castiel clicks on the link in a trance. He’s scrolling through the brief article without even realizing what he’s doing, eyes scanning the page, heart pounding in his chest as he takes in random bits of the story.
“Gimme a paintbrush and a canvas, and I’ll be an artist, too,” he cracks, and the guarded, self conscious tension leaves the alpha completely.
The alpha leans in until he’s just inches away, nose to nose with Dean, and he can feel his heart rate ticking up at the sudden proximity. His eyes widen a little. He feels a longing inside of him that has nothing to do with his hormones and everything to do with Cas himself – his gaze is serious, and dark, and Dean has no idea what’s about to happen –
Dean’s body locks up, his heart starts to pound. The thin little veil of safety he’s draped over himself frays into tangled threads.
But Cas doesn’t. He takes the hint and carefully sits down next to Dean, lacing their fingers together. Dean can feel tension draining out of him at even that little bit of contact, can feel the smallest sliver of relief from the fire that’s constantly snaking through him. Cas’s hand is perfectly cool to the touch, and he’d like nothing more than to plaster himself against his side so he can feel it even more.
Castiel smiles at the fondness in Dean’s voice, not at all masked by his faux irritation. He doesn’t think what Dean’s saying is true – Sam had seemed far too spooked to be playing spy right now. But he goes along with it anyway. “He
It clicks, then, that Benny had probably provoked him intentionally. He knows what he’s doing. The thought makes him feel small.
By the time he stumbled downstairs and managed to pile his plate high with rubbery eggs and over cooked bacon, Sam was already sipping a coffee and reading the local newspaper. He looked well rested and wide awake, the asshole. But any irritation he might have felt about Sam’s sick obsession with being functional before the crack of dawn was washed away the moment he spotted a familiar tan trench coat.
Scott followed him meekly enough, but they stared at Dean with obvious curiosity as they went. Dean braced himself, waited for a slew of follow up questions that he might actually have to
Pulling away from Cas should be easy. Should be the only thing he wants to do, knowing that he’s hurting the alpha like he is. But he can’t. He’s just so
he thinks bitterly. And he almost opens his mouth to tell Cas so. But he doesn’t. The alpha is looking at him with something dangerously close to pity, mixing in with his guilt, and Dean
Castiel doesn’t call him on his lie from earlier. Maybe he forgot? But he does frown. “You hadn’t slept in five days?”
Spending their evenings like this has been… nice. More than nice. It has brought them both peace, he thinks – Castiel has left Dean’s room at the end of each night feeling quietly content. He’s not sure, of course, but he thinks it has something to do with his alpha brain; it’s easier for him to relax when he knows that
would spend his time helping people who have nothing at all. Less than nothing at all. Why he would care in the first place about people like Dean, who should be nothing but gum under his shoe.
have agreed to,” he reminded him, shaking his head. “I don’t even remember most of what happened near the end. I was… too far gone,” he said stiffly, looking away. “Whatever you did, I’m sure it was necessary to keep me from trying to… to kill you, or whatever. I doubt I was stoked about the idea of a rescue mission, by that point.”
Something unreadable flicked over Scott’s face, but they quickly wiped it away. “Yeah,” they said quietly. “Bad luck.” They drummed their fingers on the table a few times. “What if it
As carefully as he can, he slides away from Dean and moves to the edge of the bed, sitting up slowly. Everything in him protests. The feral
Dean nods blankly. Dude’s got a right to his privacy, after all. But he’s still dazed. He knows, theoretically, that it’s possible to be freed, but he’s never seen anyone actually
John had gone out last night to hunt someone down. He’d taken all the money he made off the last bounty he’d nabbed – a couple weeks ago now – to pay for gas, and food, and supplies. Not to mention the celebratory drink
The blood drains from Dean’s face, and a serpent of fear makes its way over to Castiel, potent and sour. He bolts to attention – but the omega’s expression is utterly blank.
His master’s words echo in his mind. Had he really said that the bed was for him? He can’t trust his brain, hasn’t been able to for a while, so he dismisses the thought. But there really isn’t anything else in the room that looks like it could be a place for him. He has no idea what to do, no idea how to handle the idea that he’s been given a room instead of a chain at the foot of a bed, a
He picks up a carrot, fully intent on bringing it close enough for Dean to take again. In fact, he’s so intent on not being awkward about it that he entirely miscalculates, knocks the carrot on the tip of Dean’s nose, and drops it onto his startled face.
Castiel takes in a long, shaking breath. His hands are tight around the steering wheel. White knuckled. Dean has no idea what could make the alpha look like that – like he’s certain whatever he’s going to say is going to make Dean hate him.
It had been strange, yesterday, to just… come right out and talk. To tell the alpha what had happened. But it’d been surprisingly easy, too, because he
They just chill in Cas’s office for an hour or so after that, and Dean couldn’t be happier. Cas brings up a map of the center on his computer, and Dean leans against the wall and watches as the alpha explains the layout of the place.
Dean just hums. He sighs happily when Castiel drapes an arm over his shoulders. Snagging the bowl of apples off the table, Castiel sets it on the cushions next to them, and Dean idly reaches down to snag a slice. He nibbles at the corner of it without much enthusiasm, but he
He knows Dean would probably rather be on the ground – he’s vulnerable right now, maybe more vulnerable than he’s ever been, and when he feels like that he tends to migrate southwards. But Castiel can’t allow that right now. Everything inside of him is demanding that he make Dean as comfortable and content as possible – he’s pretty sure watching him kneel on the hard floor would be too much for his hind brain to handle.
“Here’s something,” Charlie says a few minutes later, breaking the silence – and interrupting Sam from typing his email address incorrectly into an online application for the fourth time in a row. He’s slightly distracted.
him – he’d breathed harshly against Dean’s skin, gripping him tightly to his chest as he’d slowly forced himself to calm down.
will ever do that to him, but he isn’t the only alpha Dean will ever interact with again. At this point, he’s terrified that he won’t remember how to be a slave at
feels safe and secure. He dismisses that strange glow, but not before Pam catches it and smirks. He brushes her off in favor of his ever growing concern, acutely aware of Balthazar’s prickly silence. He knows that Bal wants Dean to be in the heat wing, right now. Castiel himself isn’t so sure he’s not right.
Cas intertwines his fingers with Dean’s, his touch somehow reaching through that weird distance from before. “I’m certain it was one of many times that you made your father proud,” he says, so sure of himself that, for half a second, Dean wonders if it’s true. But he knows better. John Winchester hadn’t had much room in his heart to be proud of anyone.
He’d knocked out cold after Castiel had helped him downstairs, ten minutes away from his bedroom enough to calm him down completely. That held true even when Castiel insisted, guiltily, that they stay up on the couch for the sake of his knee. He’d sat down heavily in the corner, and after just a moment of exhausted hesitation, Dean had followed him. He’d curled up on the cushions with a blanket wrapped tightly around his shoulders, his head in Castiel’s lap.
zing through his gut at that simple little word. Can’t deny that he feels a little bit less like there is an anchor sitting on his chest.
Dean laughs a little. It is a profoundly sad sound. “He don’t mean it like that, Cas. Sam just wants me to be safe. He… he just doesn’t
That probably shouldn’t sting as much as it does, but Castiel can’t help but wince. He knows that what his foundation does is good, he knows that they help people. It doesn’t change the fact that they are putting money into a trade that does
to ask Cas for that, but of course it isn’t. Dean hates asking for things, hates being the recipient of charity even at the best of times – not that he hasn’t gotten a lifetime’s worth of charity out of Cas already. This is something that, in his opinion, he shouldn’t need at all. Something his dad would laugh at him for, in that harsh, brutal way of his; disappointment and anger wrapped into one deceptive sound that was usually followed by a backhand and a reminder to not be such a bitch.
yourself, Sam!” Balthazar snaps. He puts his hand on Sam’s chest and shoves him back toward the house, and Sam stumbles. Lands on his ass with a dull thud on the wood, looking up at Balthazar in shock.
any of that. Dean’s spent the last decade of his life clawing and grasping for  every scrap of control he could get his hands on, and now, just because he’s in
He should be checking on his brother – should be making sure that he’s okay. After what he’d left him to deal with… It wouldn’t surprise Dean if he wasn’t. Wouldn’t surprise him if Sam’s life hadn’t improved much at all.
Right now, it doesn’t matter that Cas and Balthazar have both vouched for this man. Doesn’t matter that he knows Cas has his best interests in mind. And while Benny is not an alpha, he sure looks like one – more so than Cas, even. A large reach and broad shoulders are things that Dean has come to associate with pain and suffering and after this week’s parade of
He tenses, waits for Novak to snap at Dean for the blatant disrespect. But, for whatever reason, he doesn’t. He just… nods. Lets out a breath, visibly shaking himself as he reaches out to snag a bottle of water, cracking the lid and taking a long drink.
Dean waits to have some sort of reaction to that – waits to feel angry, or sad, or relieved. But there’s just this numb sort of buzzing in his brain when he looks at that grainy image on the monitor.
spot inside of him, until he’d gasped and whited out and came, so out of it that he hadn’t even realized what had happened until after.
Castiel knows the tears are coming, but he does nothing to stop them. He closes his eyes, feels them snake down his cheeks as Dean clings to him. “I know,” he repeats. “Breathe, Dean.”
He closes his eyes, presses his lips together so nothing else stupid comes out of them. Who the fuck does he think he is? Cas doesn’t need his help. No one needs his fucking
“I’d like to know more about you,” Cas says, and Dean can tell he’s thought about these words for a while because they sound sort of rehearsed. “About your preferences. What you would like to do with your time here.”
more obvious that he can’t. His sorrow for Dean; his shaking, fist clenched rage at Alastair – those emotions are useless if he can’t find a way to translate them into feelings of safety and security for the man he loves.
He’d skipped school again today, not interested in having to pretend to make nice with people he’d never see again after a month. Besides, Sammy is gone for the next week anyway, off on some science nerd camping trip just that morning. For once, Dean thought he’d have had the house to himself. Had thought there would be no reason, really, to bother walking to school. No pretense to keep up, to convince Sammy he might actually get his diploma.
in favor of following the doctor into the hall and down the stairs. He’s not going to be able to have a conversation with Pam without waking Dean up, and the young man needs all the rest he can get.
“It’s seven in the mornin’, Cas,” Dean says, shaking his head. “No decent person puts on shoes before eight.”
It’s such a simple thing. A quick jaunt across the aisle, and a quick jaunt back. It’s stupid that the very
He’s known Balthazar long enough to be able to tell when something is bothering him – his normal, citrus scent sharpens into something closer to disinfectant when he’s agitated. And right now, he smells like pine-sol. He turns, raising an eyebrow at the omega.
running shows exactly how bad the man’s punishments had been. And rather than dig in, or make him relive it or talk about it, he’s changed the subject.
You have so much love inside of you, so much kindness. And you will heal. This is not your end, Dean. It is your beginning.”
Castiel finally shrugs and plunks himself down on his usual spot on the rug, offering Dean his plate with no anger on his face or in his smell, and Dean looks down at him incredulously.
he’s shouting or why he’s this angry. He knows that Cas is just trying to make him feel better, but he’s
“It’s alright,” Castiel says, even as he’s fumbling for a pillow to drop over his lap. “It’s… this just isn’t the right time. We
Benny just smiles at him, infuriatingly unruffled by Dean’s accusatory tone. He doesn’t respond, which is somehow worse than if he had started barking orders.
The omega blushes harder, his lips pressing together. “Sorry,” he mutters, hitching his blanket higher so that it’s covering more of him. “I just meant that I didn’t mean to… I mean, I know you don’t want…”
There’s a weird emotion fluttering around inside of Dean that he doesn’t know how to identify. It feels, suspiciously, like excitement. “So, what? It’s… it’s kinda like marrying your way out? Omega gets hitched to a free alpha, and boom, they’ve got their freedom?”
“I wish that my home was less… hum-drum,” he says after a moment, a little self deprecating twist to his mouth that might be a smile, might be a frown.
him not to call him master and he’s already fucked it up. His vision narrows to a pinprick and he cowers lower into the tile and puts his hands over his neck and–
About twenty minutes later, Cas comes back up the stairs with several bottles of water clutched in his arms. He seems unsure – out of place, somehow, in his own home. Dean looks up at him, taking in the man’s hunched shoulders with guilt squirming in his gut.
Dean’s eyes flick to his for the first time since going down, and Castiel’s heart jackrabbits at the sight. They are almost
Much like the first time she’d looked him over, Dean tugs off his shirt and sits very still as Pam gently examines him. She nods approvingly at the lack of bruises on him, smiles when she sees that his back has healed. She doesn’t mention his nape, but he can tell that she’s relieved to see it free of injuries – even as a beta, she understands how sensitive omegas are back there. By the time he’s buttoning his shirt back up, he’s much less tense than he’d thought he’d be.
and he needs to come clean about everything if he wants to ensure Dean’s safety. “But… Dammit, I got
and he tries to kick out and scramble away, legs digging against the carpet as though his life depends on it.
mode from before, so different from the way he seems to automatically take charge whenever Dean is freaking the hell out. He seems almost scared; Dean can hear him swallow, he’s so close.
Wordlessly, the alpha scoots under the blanket and snakes his arms under Dean’s, pulls him in closer to his chest, and tucks Dean’s head under his chin. He presses his cool palm right over Dean’s heart.
when he realizes it – when he understands that his heart is not slowing, that his anxiety is still twisting through him like white hot snakes. As comforting as the alpha is, it’s not what his
He follows Cas quite a ways to the double doors, leaning against him visibly as they wait for the elevator to come. He doesn’t really care what Bess thinks of them, because right now he needs the support. He tells himself it’s because his knee is fucking killing him – and it is – but really, he just wants the familiarity and security of Cas against his skin.
at least not that he’s noticed. But from the savage desire to rip the handlers at the auction house in
Slowly, Castiel reaches out. He waits for Dean to move, but he doesn’t – waits for Dean to give him permission. But he doesn’t.
He’s not sure how, exactly, he can begin to thank the alpha for plucking him out of literal hell and treating him like a human again, but he has to try. It’s only fair. Cas is going out of his way to deal with a fucked up omega that is going to do nothing but make his life harder. The least that Dean can do is try and make it
his older brother like this for real. He can’t seem to stop staring, and he hopes that doesn’t hurt Dean. But it’s just so strange to see him like this, to watch as he drops his gaze a few times too many, as he shrinks back from sudden movements, as he folds in on himself in a too large jacket –
When they finish eating, Bobby gathers up their dishes and does them silently, waving at Sam dismissively. “Go and find yourself a project, kid,” he says, his voice kind, despite the clear order. “Get yourself busy and get out of your head.”
the tropes it uses, and just the joys of fanfiction in general. If you like this fic and want to hear my actual real life voice, check it out!
Good morning! Enjoy a slightly early chapter, as a form of apology for the cliffhanger of the last one... Thanks as always to HD <3
Not quite able to help himself, Castiel reaches out and swipes his thumb across Dean’s cheek, pushing away his tears. Dean swallows thickly. “Please, don’t,” Castiel asks. “Don’t be angry at yourself for needing time.”
Dean feels hope spring to life in him at the words, but he quashes it as soon as he recognizes it. “Be… because you said…”
But it’s not really his choice, anymore. He can’t keep waiting. Can’t make any more excuses. He needs to get over himself, for everyone’s sake. If Sam
Heart pounding, he slowly pulls himself off of the alpha’s arm, moving carefully so he doesn’t jostle the bed. As soon as he does, he grimaces – he’s slick, too. When he slides off the mattress, Cas frowns and shifts a little, but he doesn’t wake.
When Sam had exited the store to meet the man outside, Balthazar had been lingering under the awning by the front door to avoid the rain. He’d hung up the phone with an irritated expression on his face, one which morphed into transparent surprise when he took in the sight of Sam, pushing a cart laden down with grocery bags. Sam, too tired to try and figure it out, had simply walked past him into the rain and started loading the groceries into the Impala’s trunk.
to get through his thick skull. There are more pages in Cas’s hand. No point in shooting him down so early in the game. “Nothing. What’s next?”
“You smell like apples,” Cas says lightly. Dean freezes. “Fresh baked apples, specifically. And pastries.”
“Dude,” Charlie says slowly. “I mean… I’m not gonna pretend to know everything about the situation. But you’re a gentle giant if I’ve ever seen one. What happened?”
His eyes fill with tears so fast it’s like someone turned on the faucet, and Dean watches them drip down his face with a raw sort of sympathy. “I’m selfish, though,” he chokes, shaking his head. “Because, despite what you seem to think, I want you to stay here forever. Even if it is the worst possible thing for you.”
Balthazar had tilted his head back. Had examined Sam with a cool, calculating sort of intelligence. “This is the car you two grew up in?”
“Because I care about Dean very much,” Castiel says, rubbing a tired hand down his face. “It distresses
Castiel holds his breath, and the omega continues after a few moments – his voice a little raw, as if he’s having trouble speaking. “He trusts you to do that, Cassie, or he wouldn’t have made space for you in his den.”
Okay, can't promise that that's the end of the angst and miscommunication. But it will at least be better for a while, lol.
in a few days. Castiel seems intent on giving him enough to feed an army. It’s bizarre. As is going so long without being hurt, or even
For a wild moment Dean pictures it in his mind’s eye. The thought of being carried like a bride over the threshold isn’t nearly as mortifying as it ought to be, he thinks, but he’s not about to actually
“I’ll head out to grab them soon. It never takes them long to be made. So if you want to be… if you’ll be okay alone…?”
Since Dean has moved in, though, he’s struggled. It’s no fault of the omega’s, and he holds no resentment toward him. He’ll trade sleep for Dean’s presence any time. But it doesn’t change the result – he’s exhausted, and staring at tiny, flickering numbers in tiny, flickering boxes is quickly becoming impossible.
to do something around the house,” he finally says, wincing at how presumptuous he sounds. “I can’t just… I can’t keep sitting here,” he finishes helplessly, gesturing at the window seat. “I’m not supposed to do that.”
” he spits. Flinging his coffee across the room is starting to seem real appealing, because some of the same anger he’d felt that night is returning full force. Sam can feel himself tense, can feel his body flood with an echo of adrenaline.
By the time the food is cooked, Dean has moved exactly one book from the shelf to the coffee table, and has resolved not to be ungrateful for any moments of peace he can find.
Sitting where you aren’t supposed to leads to pain. That happens enough times, and your body isn’t going to know the difference between a situation where that equation is true and one where it isn’t.”
He glances up at the house when the front door swings open again. Balthazar is backing slowly out of the doorway, carrying a load of stuff in one hand and an umbrella in the other. He pops it open before stepping off the porch. “Lost in translation,” he finishes, throat tight. “I was… I was pretty awful, Charlie.”
How could he not love a man with so much kindness and goodness inside of him? How could he not love him all the
Tears spring to his eyes when he understands, when he remembers that he is free to move. He rocks back from his position on the floor and sits up straight. Digs his fingertips into his ribs and opens his eyes and sees nothing but wet tile all around him.
I’ve done since I got here. I haven’t done anything right! I don’t fucking get why you aren’t punishing me, becuase –”
Neither of them have said it, but Sam’s got a feeling that what he’d done at Berkeley has followed him all the way here. It’s probably part of the reason that he’s not gotten any call-backs.
Even the caustic memory of that alpha in the parking garage has faded. Instead of the man’s sour lust, Dean can only remember Castiel’s gentle honey and rain scent. Instead of bruising claws on his arm, Dean can only feel the soft touch of his alpha.
“I think it was a Reddit post, or something,” Sam says, frowning. “Yeah. She said some beta volunteer was asking for tips on working with omegas at NRR.”
Right now, Dean doesn’t remember that version of himself. The thought that he could be strong feels like a joke, like a lie that he’s made himself believe to keep some modicum of self respect. The only thing that’s left alive inside of him is a pathetic omega bitch that will take any chance it has at living without pain, and he knows it, and he doesn’t fucking care.
He’s so close to Castiel right now that the alpha’s knees are on either side of his head. In the back of his mind he’s remembering all the times he’s fought tooth and
He flounders. He’s not sure how to express this feeling inside of him – this warmth. He’s just so damn grateful that he ended up here, that he’s with someone he can trust. That Cas respects him enough to let him make his own choices, even if they’re stupid ones.
It took awhile for that one to stick, but when it did, it became part of him. Inextricable from his body or his mind – or at least it seems that way.
his fear, so intensely that it would have been difficult to discern from his own. And Dean knew there was no chance of that happening. No chance that any alpha would actually
Cas’s guilt was unparalleled as Dean’s fingers eased gently into his wings. As they teased out feather by feather from the filthy mass. Cas prayed to both Heaven and Hell that Dean wouldn’t shame him for this. Wouldn’t ask why he had neglected such an important part of himself for so long. Why he hadn’t
“Bobby,” Sam repeats. Clearly still fuming, his uncle nevertheless cuts himself off. The silence is tense. “Charlie told you. I have to
He blinks hard, trying to get hold of himself. He doesn’t know why he said that. Doesn’t know why he so casually revealed something so precious about his old life to this alpha. It
and… this is dangerous for you.” Dangerous because Cas had no hold on his heart. No way to control the desire to pull Dean close. To press his hand over Dean’s heartbeat and his lips to Dean’s jaw.
There’s a moment of silence in which Castiel waits to be reprimanded – he knows that Bal will understand exactly why he’s been sent out of the clinic. Instead, though, the omega lets out a sigh to match his own.
She hesitates. “Looks like a… non-profit. NRR is the listed name. That’s not too vague or creepy, or anything...” She types some more, her frown audible in her voice. “That’s… odd.”
When they finally pull into the garage, Dean does not wait for him to stop the car fully before he is out. He leaves the door open, in his hurry to get away from him – leaves the garage door open too.
Mechanically, he washes and dries his plate. Wonders where Cas’s plate is. Did the alpha eat? Probably not, judging by how guilty he’d smelled.
Thanks to those of you who are still commenting even though I literally am the WORST at replying. I swear to you that I read everyone one, cry over several a day, and hold them all dear to my heart. If you want to scream at me more personally (and guarantee that I will respond) join the Discord fam. We have a great time there - it's become such an amazing community of like minded writers and SPN fans and talented people in general.
Dean’s breath is ragged, his cheeks flushed, but the rage that had just tumbled out of him blows away like dust as Castiel stares at him. In its place, Dean pales, and he swallows, and he turns so that his neck is exposed and vulnerable. His scent is horrible – confused and scared and
He smirks at Dean, crossing his arms over his chest. “I’ve also taken a bunch of self-defense classes. Knowing how to break somebody’s arm if they touch you gives you a fair bit of mental security.”
Dean’s jaw tightens, but he looks over at Castiel almost purposefully, like he’s making himself do it. It strikes Castiel suddenly that he’s been spending a lot of time with Dean, hardly giving the omega a moment to himself. No wonder he’s uncomfortable, unable to relax – he’s constantly on guard, even if he doesn’t want to be. He’d been mortified after his panic attack, and he probably feels very vulnerable even now – especially after Castiel abused his trust by ordering him to do something, even if the act itself had been to help him.
Dean feels something inside of him unclench just enough for him to breathe again. “When you put it like that, I don’t sound so fucking crazy.”
Dean. You raised him, after all. It makes perfect sense to me that your scent would be one of maternal, or at least
Coming up to Bobby’s to celebrate hadn’t been his idea, but now that he’s here, he’s glad he agreed. Even if it feels like his head is about to fall off of his shoulders. Bobby had picked him up from the airport late in the afternoon yesterday. He grumbled about the traffic the whole way home – even though he’d been the one to dismiss Sam’s attempts to arrange a ride or rent a car with a gruff, loving sort of exasperation.
he was going to slide back down to the floor with Sam right there next to him. No way in hell he was going to drop to his knees, when Sam so clearly expects him to be
to hurt you, supposed to screw you up mentally.” She grimaces. “And they’re often mixed with other drugs that destroy your willpower. Things that confuse you. Cloud your judgement.”
The domestic sounds of someone cooking breakfast are familiar enough that he is thrown back, for a moment. He remembers many mornings like this, where he’d wander out of his bedroom and sleepily accept whatever insomniatic creation his odd landlord had whipped up in the early hours of the morning. Those meals, too, had been mostly silent; Cassie was even less adept at small talk and idle conversation than he is now. When he’d finally accepted that the alpha truly didn’t expect much of anything from him, it had been a welcome relief to realize he did not constantly have to perform for an audience.
“I need to sit,” he says, hoarse, and Balthazar hums an agreement – he gently steers him toward a nearby bench, brushes the snow from the wood, and nudges him until he drops down on it. He covers his face with his hands and tries not to think about what he might have done if there actually
Castiel’s mouth twists. “I just… I feel as though these things should not have to be explained to me,” he admits quietly. “I’ve seen so much of the bad side of alphas that I seem unable to understand what behavior is normal, or harmless, and what isn’t.”
Dean’s asleep on the couch, a heavy blue comforter over his shoulders. He looks peaceful, relaxed, his face free from the tension that’s been etched into it since Sam first arrived.
what Dean wanted. He can’t pretend otherwise anymore. Couldn’t even make it a full day without backtracking like a coward.
“Not if he wanted something,” Dean says bitterly, the first hint of protest Castiel has seen since that moment out in the yard. His hands tighten in his lap momentarily. But, after a beat, they loosen, and he takes a breath, eyeing the old clock in the corner of the room nervously. When he speaks again, his voice is measurably meeker. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to sleep that long – didn’t think I was that tired.”
“Dean.” He waits until the omega makes eye contact, and holds it. Waits until he’s sure that Dean’s listening. “You didn’t ask for
that correction hurts, that learning hurts. He’s known that since he picked his baby brother up and carried him away from his burning home as fast as his little legs could carry him.
He’d wanted somewhere tucked away. Somewhere he and Sammy could be safe, hidden from the shitty world and all its shitty people, where Dean could just be himself and Sam could just be himself and they’d never have to answer to
The omega blinks slowly enough that Castiel isn’t sure he actually caught any of that. “M’in the bath?” he asks, looking around himself as though he only just noticed. His hand strays up to his throat, fingers clumsily running along the bare skin. Castiel tries very hard not to think about what he’d been expecting to feel there.
Once they’re heading to the department store, Dean takes in the outdoors for the first time in a long time. It’s snowing lightly outside, the afternoon sun obscured by clouds, and the world is very blue. He makes himself look and think about that instead of acknowledging the anxiety snaking through him while sitting up front in the passenger seat.
The sale of a sloppy hand-job or two, over so fast that he hadn’t had to practice much, had paid the bills more than once. As had a few inexpert attempts at head in gas station bathrooms.
Startled, they both turn to look at Sam. The man is looking back and forth between them suspiciously, his arms crossed. “It’s called
“In a better world, omegas wouldn’t either,” Castiel argues calmly. “No one deserves to be degraded like this.”
Pamela gives them both a long look, but she doesn’t push. Instead, she finishes checking his blood pressure, warms up and then places her stethoscope on his chest. He breathes in without having to be told. “No pneumonia, so that’s good. And your heart sounds nice and strong.”
The sight made something stab through Dean’s heart. Did Cas truly think he wouldn’t be welcome in Dean’s bed? So much so that he wasn’t even gonna
Anger flares in Castiel at the acceptance in Dean’s tone, at the man who’d put it there. He’s careful to marshal it back under control as quickly as possible, taking a deep breath and rubbing Dean’s back a little more firmly.
Castiel is worried that he’s gone too far, that Dean will be afraid of him anew when this is over and the shock of pheromones and fear wears off. But, in this moment of sudden stillness, he can’t make himself regret his actions.
Pamela sighs. “Well, omegas typically get a little more tactile in the days leading up to a heat,” she starts, and… yep. Check
Every time he says another kind word or presses another soft kiss to his skin, Dean relaxes a little more, lets
it’s because he has spent hours on end asleep right in front of the alpha with no bruises to show for it, all while clutching a pillow that smells a lot like him – but Dean isn’t as frightened by his proximity as he should be.
sitting with you, Dean. It makes me... happy,” he says, and realizes at the same time that it is true.
He grunts, and rolls to the side, trying to blink through the layers of Cas’s body down at where Sam is standing next to Cas’s vessel.
He jacks himself slowly, cradled in a wing and then the canopy of some kind of tree and then a tornado of whirling light. Each new…
“Food tastes weird,” Cas tells him unhappily. “Sometimes my stomach hurts and I need to poop. Sometimes my stomach hurts and I
Right. Well although I can almost hear your murder face through the xenovox this show is actually an audible form of media so for the people listening at home I’ll quickly describe Geralt’s fighting style as, hmm, would it be poetic of me to call it rather beautiful? Sort of like a dance. It might be the bard in me but I think he would be a wonderful dancer if anyone could convince him to drop the sharp-and-pointies for long enough. He’s graceful, wouldn’t you agree, Ves? May I call you Ves?
Sam takes it all until he’s pink from the base of his neck to the place where his hands have gone relaxed and gentle. When Dean pauses Sam nuzzles him lazily, no doubt feeling Dean’s own interest in the proceedings.
“Yeah, I can—I can see that.” Cas’s eyes appear to have three pupils each. Though it doesn’t stop him from continuing to stare calmly ahead, still expressionless.
“Ugh.” Dean holds his aching head with both hands and tries to muster up one molecule of concern about the fact that he’s sitting around completely nude while talking to his brother.
“I prefer your sword,” Geralt says, because the vines are prying Jaskier’s legs apart and Jaskier’s cock—(where has he been hiding
He wants to do exactly this for the rest of the day, maybe the rest of his life, but he’s having a hard time just keeping his hands up to touch Cas at all, what with the mounting pressure from all the feathers seemingly trying to get his hands
Dean’s on him in a heartbeat. He presses all up against the back of him and when Sam kicks out instinctively he rides the wave of his body. Gets the heel of his hand into the back of his neck, right at the base of the skull, so he can shove Sam’s face forward, crunch his nose against the motel’s shitty plaster.
“Hm,” Cas says, staring down at himself. He blinks slowly, then looks back up at Dean, face blank. He seems unaffected, which makes sense because he’s an angel. It would probably take more than a single hex bag to do any real—
“The vessel is functional,” Cas tells him. “It is me who is malfunctioning.” His skin turns a brilliant shade of purple, then orange.
The enormous wing in the centre of Cas’s body pops and churns, shadows arcing off it like eruptions.
Sam stands up very deliberately, picks up his salad, and leaves the room. Without even saying anything. Dean’s going to put pepper in his
For the prompt: Can I get murder husbands for fics for fires? I'm not set on a pairing, soft, or dark... Up to you, I just need murder (and love, of course, they're all husbands)!!
Very light on his toes, isn’t he, Ves? Which is surprising given he weighs as much as a horse and eats like one, too. Biceps to the gods, honestly. He once carried an injured soldier eight miles, did you know that? The guy was probably twice my weight, but Geralt’s never carried
along the way. The sparkly feeling zings along his arms and gets under his skin wherever Cas is touching him—which is
Sam visibly winces, then carefully takes a few steps towards him. He steps right through the waterfall without seeming to notice it at all. Weird.
“This is mine now,” Dean says, pressing a little with both hands. A bead of blood on Sam’s neck and a rush of goosebumps right down the back of Sam’s spine, ending in the barest of flinches, almost a little hiccough into Dean’s fist.
“Uh uh,” Sam chides softly. He lifts his finger and a rope appears, yanking Dean’s arms roughly behind his back. Dean flexes against it, just to feel Sam tighten it. He strains his muscles so Sam can feel the weight of resistance against his power. There’s no contest–there never is–but Sam likes to feel Dean batter himself against Sam’s mind. He’s so strong. Nothing like the underlings that flit about the rest of the room, competing for Sam’s attention like he could ever truly be interested in anything so weak. Dean is a true demon. Perhaps the last true demon left. He’s rage and lust and greed and
Cas urges against his skin, and Dean lets the feathers tremble through him, lets the electricity shake him from the inside out as he wraps his hand back into place and closes his eyes so he can better feel the way he’s just so… smothered. Covered completely in Cas. He can’t even feel the wooden beam beneath him, or whatever it is that he’s teetering on top of now. It’s just the silky feeling of feathers that aren’t actually feathers. It’s the silky feeling of
“Did you enjoy that?” Hannibal asked. He slid two gloved fingers into Will’s mouth so Will couldn’t respond, only follow the motion of Hannibal’s hand to nod. Hannibal dug fingertips into the soft fleshy part beneath Will’s tongue, then put his thumb on the outside and squeezed, trying to make the fingers meet. Will coughed and drooled but didn’t move. Usually Hannibal despised human fluids, the pervasive drip of anything that wasn’t blood. But Will was different. His tears. His spit. His come. All set to a dial that only Hannibal controlled.
Steve can’t help himself. He puts a hand on Iron Man’s face, wipes some of the gunk off the little slit that serves as a mouth. He imagines his lips there. “Really?” he whispers.
“Your subservience has been noted,” Cas told Bobby. “Your life shall be spared.” He snapped his fingers and Bobby disappeared.
He’s above the spinning waterfall, now, he’s pretty sure he’s on a roof, pretty sure Cas is saying something, maybe, his voice sounds so good, as good as the water, and he clambers—downwards, maybe, Cas-wards, through the roof, coming out of the ceiling, more in the Cas plane than out of it, and the wing catches him again, lifts him up, sweeps through him again, even while he fights it, desperate not to get taken away, desperate for more, desperate to drown in it, he feels the tiny remnant traces get cleaned out of his insides and he’s—
It takes ages and ages to get Cas hard but Dean’s waited years—actual, literal, years—to take his boyfriend to bed, so maybe this is a backlog of blowjobs and wristies all rolled into one.
Sam goes glaze-eyed and panting, halfway to that other place where he’s more angel than human, without really being either. “Dean,” he slurs. His eyes are open but he’s staring at things that aren’t here, no doubt centered entirely in the plane where Dean’s cock is ruffling him up something awful, making a mess out of him, making him
“Let me out,” Dean says calmly, though it’s only the thin veneer of calm. The sheerest surface above an ocean of all the rage and fear that is Dean.
“Do you want to? It’s okay to be selfish nephew after everything you’ve done you deserve it.” Gabriella said taking his face in her hands. His eyes got wet quickly and he nodded his head.
“I- I can’t really explain it. I felt a power surge.” Jack said tilting his head to the side as his eyebrows furrowed in confusion. Dean physically stumbled back from how much it was so like Cas and shut his eyes tightly willing the image and thought away. Jack looked down guiltily thinking he was making Dean upset from his presence after what he’d done to Mary.
“I’ve always been on your side Castiel even when you haven’t know it.” She said softly. Castiel smiled at her words and walked up to her before wrapping his arms around her in a hug. She tensed for half a second before hugging him back.
“Who the fuck-oh hell-“ Dean shot forward and caught the young woman just as she began to fall. He gently lowered her to the ground before cocking the gun and holding it up to her head.
“Please brother do not tell me you pulled some titanic bullshit and confessed your love as you were dying.” Gabriella said knowingly. Balthazar suddenly appeared and smiled brightly at Gabriella.
“So you-“ Dean cut himself off trying to force his heartbeat to relax and not get too hopeful only to be disappointed when she came back empty-handed.
“That doesn’t explain why you’re here.” Dean responded testily. The women finally let her eyes raise from Jacks and turned her attention to Dean.
“I do not see a problem with you staying.” He said offering her a smile. She returned it and playfully rolled her eyes.
“Would you like to travel back in time with me and unsink it?” He asked as his eyes shined with glee.
“Hey, Kiddo.” A warm voice said. Sam’s head snapped towards the direction of the voice and gaped at the sight in front of him.
“Of course I know him. Who do you think trained him?” She snorted. Her lips turned into a warm smile as she thought of something.
“Dean?” Castiel asked cautiously. The energy in the room immediately changed and the flutter of wings filled the room.
“That is not true at all. My brother had me locked away in a cage.” Amara said glaring at the ground for a second before looking back up at Gabriella.
“I am.” She said studying him closely. Her eyes dropped down to Dean's hand as he absentmindedly traced Castiel’s name, which was engraved to the table. She stood up and smiled brightly at the name.
“You son of a bitch.” Dean chocked out as he took long strides to Cas and wrapped his arms around him in a tight hug.
“These angels have sworn their allegiance to you nephew, do well with them.” She said looking at Jack. Jack smiled and nodded his head before disappearing himself and taking the angels with him. The Winchester’s, Castiel, Gabriel, and Gabriella were the only ones still remaining. Gabriella looked between her brother and the taller Winchester curiously as they continued to take each other in but didn’t comment. Castiel and Dean were still wrapped in each other and Gabriella turned towards the library before walking into it.
As soon as the words left his mouth, he began to shrink until he looked no older than a couple of months. The men around the table chocked as they took in an adorable baby Jack.
“I would hurry with a decision. I am leaving soon and Castiel seems to want to come with me.” She said before leaving the room.
“Darkness.” Jack whispered slowly piecing it all together. Gabriella nodded proudly as she looked down at Jack.
“I will not allow your food to burn, Dean Winchester.” Gabriella said, with amusement coating her every word. Dean scowled but sat down across from her. She stared at him for a minute her piercing gaze unrelenting even as Dean began to shift uncomfortably.
“Explain.” He said after swallowing his second glass. The young women frowned at the commend but didn’t say anything about it.
“You remind me of him.” She said looking Jack over. Jack’s eyes filled with tears at her words and she frowned.
“You’re made up of Amara and Chuck's grace.” Dean said as if to clarify. Gabriella shifted in her seat as her gaze landed on him and nodded.
Dean continued to stare at the rip forcing himself not to walk through as Angel after Demon walked through yet there still wasn’t a Cas. As more Demons continued to come out and the space started to decrease Rowena and Jack started to lead people towards the library. Eventually, people stopped coming out and Dean felt his stomach dip in disappointment. He turned to leave when a voice made him stop.
“You do not deserve the burdens that are going to come along with being the new God. Your childhood was taken from you, would you like it back?” Gabriella asked studying Jack closely.
“I am proud of you, nephew.” Gabriella said playfully messing with Jack’s hair. He groaned and shied away from her hand but it was hard to miss the wide smile on his face. Gabriella looked over at Dean suddenly as she felt an onslaught of emotions coming from him like a freight train. She pursed her lips together and tilted her head to the side curiously. Dean mumbled some half-ass excuse about dinner time and quickly left the room. Gabriella frowned in confusion as she watched him leave.
“When Asmodeus took him, he literally shut me off from him. I couldn't feel his pain, pray to him-nothing. But I never stopped looking for him. The day he- died, I felt all of his pain and I tried- I tried so hard to find him. I begged him to tell me where he was but-" She cut herself off and shut her eyes tightly as she rolled her shoulders once.
“Somebody I once knew spoke highly of you. He mentioned that if I was to ever get hurt I would be welcome with you and your brother.” She answered calmly.
“Mother.” He grumbled adjusting his suit. Rowena stared at him wide-eyed but before she could say anything the tear opened up further and more people started coming out.
“I think I’ll go back to heaven with you.” He said his voice carefully void of emotions. Instead of responding Gabriella simply disappeared, appearing in the kitchen behind Dean. She knocked on the table lightly to let him know he wasn’t alone yet he still jumped. He turned to face her and squinted at her in annoyance but didn’t say anything.
“Alright that’s enough flirting. Get off of my sister, Cassie.” Gabriel grumbled playfully. Sam rolled his eyes at Gabriel but couldn’t help and smile fondly.
