Knocking the door, Steve smiled when the two boys turned to Steve; both had a muffin in their hands while crumbs decorating their mouths and clothes like badges. "OK boys, put the muffins down, Tony is about to make dinner," Steve ordered the boys, narrowing his eyes until the kids put their muffins in the semi-full plate; good, the two didn't seem to have eaten
"He did, they died that night; same as Stevie, for Rogers, couldn't save him. Unfortunately, it seemed like Johann and his partner kept in touch with one of the higher-ups in the government because one week later, the government raised our town trying to find Rogers… it was a miracle that one of our own worked in the government, because of that they never found Rogers." Natasha explained, her story getting a nod from Tony who was gazing at the lake in thoughts.
"Am still sorry… made you cry, and… and broke the rules." The baby whispered his words, like saying them out loud would be a crime, which was something the Omega never wanted the pup to feel like, so he sat up and pulled the pup in his embrace, smiling at Peter when the boy raised his head to gaze at the Omega.
Anthony start saving money, as much as he can, he knew that if he wanted the life he wanted with Steve, he couldn't stay in America, so Anthony start thinking, they could go to France, he was sure that Steve would love living there, studying in the place of art and beauty, or they could go to Italy, the natural places there would inspire Steve, he could imagine a home for him and Steve there, with a beautiful garden for their children to play in, or they could go to Ireland the place Steve was originally from, he only met Sarah Rogers a few times before her death, but she always used to talk about her home there in Ireland, about its beauty, and about the amazing life she and her husband had before the two of them came here. For Anthony it didn't matter, he could live anywhere in the world as long as he had Steve by his side, he made sure to sell a few cars that he got as a birthday presents from his father's partners, Anthony never used them, so he thought they will be useful that way, being the ticket for his and Steve's future.
The angst…
At his father's words, Tony laughed which made Howard frown deeply. "Well, unfortunately, father, this is me, sorry to disappoint." Tony spate as he opens the seatbelt and got out of the car ignoring his father's calls as he continued his way to his home on foot…
"Tony loves white roses." That was the only thing he said, as he gave the rose to Steve, which made Steve smile at the older man.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next time Steven opened his eyes he let out a groan as the light assault his eyes, it took him a few minutes to adjust to the bright light, and when he did, he let out an ear-piercing shriek. There was standing over him a metal thing that has the shape of a claw whirling over him and snapping its metal nails near his face, as fast as Steven can he took the only thing in his reach to attack it, which was a pillow… "Be gone you, foul creature!" Steven screamed as he starts hitting the metal creature with the pillow, causing that thing to let out a shriek and peeping noises as he backed away from the blond.
"Mama! Mama!" Morgan gurgled, her lips held in a pout as she tried to wiggle free, but failing to do so because of Tony's firm grip. "Mama! Papa! Mama!" Morgan's whine made Tony pause in his place, gazing at his baby with confusion only to see his child looking at the lake with wide and hopeful eyes as she tried to wiggle out of his hold.
"Mama!" Morgan squealed as she waddled around the gardens, her childish giggles getting louder and louder as Tony raced after his baby, catching her and twirling with his baby in his arms, causing the girl to squeal and laugh loudly, her arms and legs flying all around the place.
The season was draining, it left Tony hollowed, and it made him regret even sitting a food inside. The season ended with Tony trying to ignore his mother who was a sniffling mess beside him, and he promised himself not to bring her with him the next season, because as much as he wanted her with him, he couldn't handle seeing her cry, it ended with Tony ignoring anyone who tried to talk to him other than his pup, and he was happy to hear his baby chatters and giggles as he told him about his day.
Opening his eyes after such pleasant dreams always left him drained and hollow on the inside, more so after a Hiti or as the Southern calls it 'Heat', not something new to him, after all, it had been like this ever since he was taken from his land by the king of Hydra, he did not know how long he had been here, but he was sure it was more than a decade. He let out a tired sigh as he pushed his cover and sat on the bed, looking around the room with distaste showing clearly on his face, if it was up to him, he would have burned the whole castle to the ground and everyone with it, but as it stands, a lot of good people here were taken from their home and were forced to work under the tyrant that called himself a king.
"Steve, please, can we leave?" Tony shivered as he gazed at the grave in front of him; he can already feel that something really bad was going to happen. Something that will make Tony scream bloody murder and run out of the cemetery, something that's worse than seeing his parents becoming zombies. Just the thought of him having to face what had faced in his teen was enough to make Tony turn around, already planning on running away, only to be stopped by Steve who held him back from hightailing it.
… kept chanting inside his head over and over again, causing Steven's breath to pick up. "He…" Whatever harsh reality Nicolaus was going to inform Steven of was cut by the sound of Petrus and James coming near the clearing, calling Steven's name as they squealed and laughed while searching for Steven, no doubt the two of them were roughhousing as they tried to find him.
The flatness that greeted Steve no matter where his hand slide, causing his heart to skip several beats, nearly stopping right here, right now. Gasps were leaving his lips as he tried to force his head to move and look around the room, hoping to catch the sight of his baby in here… other than the gifts he got a glimpse of, the stuffed animals on every surface, and the flowers in several vases around the room, there was nothing informed Steve of the whereabout of his baby, which made a high pitched whine leave his throat.
"Steve… this is our home, I won't allow our life to be ripped apart as we leave our family and friends because of the action of a crazy woman… I won't allow her to win…" Tony said as he left the car, smiling at the kids as the two of them rushed to Tony's side and refusing to let him go, even as he entered the house with Steve walking behind them as if guarding their backs.
stressed up. Now normally, Tony would have rolled his eyes at the Pepper's words and would have gone to the gym with Happy, planning on going a few rounds with him in the boxing ring. But as it is Tony was too tired to argue with Pepper and too tired to go to the gym, so yoga it was.
!' which made Tony twitch and narrow his eyes… it seemed that he had been giving Peter way too much freedom if he was talking back like this. Pressing his lips tightly, Tony walked out of the kitchen and stood behind Peter, crossing his arms as he saw the boy flipping through the channels with a boring look. "J.A.R.V.I.S. shut the TV," Tony ordered watching the TV shut down making Peter squeak and for his eyes too wide when he noticed Tony behind him.
' at the Alpha's face. "The amulet protected me, and for that, I am grateful to you." The harsh frown caused the man to flinch once more, especially when Steven continued to glare at him without stopping. "I am truly sorry, I truly am; that is why I wanted to give you this as my token for an apology." The king said before he nearly run into his workshop, hoping for safety no doubt from Steven who decided that breaking the king's empty head is better than going back to his people's hut. "Here, please, do not kill me; I had enough facing a bear as it is." The king stated, thrusting a Shield in Steven's way causing the man to glare at the Alpha when he stumbled a few steps back.
Anton blinked his eyes, biting the inside of his cheek to stop himself from laughing or cursing he doesn't know; but a word from a child who never met Tyber was going to be taken as a word with some truth to it, for children were often blessed by Goddess Frigga with the knowledge of many hidden things. Now Anton was left with the problem of what he will do when the queen gets here, it's not a secret that a fight will break out as soon as the queen sees Tyber standing here. People around them start whispering, and Anton could only lean back and take Tyber in whose skin turned pale when his sister hissed his way under her breath, gazing frantically around the place, probably thinking about a few words to enchant the crowd and make them forget what happened.
So not worry! Hopefully, I will post a new story soon!
"I would like to take some blood samples, Mr. Rogers, as imprinting goes both ways, even when you were unaware of it. The Omega and the pup are sleeping now, but you can go and see them if you want." The doctor said, making Steve nod his head, and follow the doctor when the older man waved for him to follow, he saw a nurse coming to talk to the rest of his friends.
For everyone who didn't know, I posted a new spooky story for Halloween 'The Soldier' to answer the spooky Halloween challenge I got, go check it out if you are interested!
"Really, Daniel?" Steven's amused voice caused Anton to perk up and stop in his tracks wondering what to do that he found the Omega, should he make his presence known? The giggle Steven let made Anton still in his place, deciding on staying hidden, mainly because this was the first time Anton heard the Omega laugh freely and he wanted to know what was so funny that Steven left his reserves away. "You know, I cannot give you the answer you want if you cannot say the words out loud." Steven said amusement clear in his voice as he waited for 'Daniel' to speak.
It started as harmless at first; lost objects that the three will search for and will find them the next day of searching, things that were put in different places than the original places they were put in, drops in temperature and cold spots (That Tony was able to play as a faulty heating system of an old house). It was harmless and Tony didn't like to linger on it more than a few seconds a day, so what if the house is sometimes cold? So what if things get lost or changed their places without explanation? Being in here was better than being back with Howard, especially when he has Morgan to think of.
This time the Avengers didn't fall face first when they touched down on the land behind the Stark's mansion, their legs wobbled as they tried to keep steady, only Steven and Thor shrugged the whole thing like it was normal and walked to the mansion, pausing to wait for the other Avengers that finally regain the use of their legs once again.
How? Just how? It was a year since the last time someone saw Rogers anywhere, even in his own lake, a year since Rogers vanished in the storm he created, leaving Tony alone and pulling Stane's corpse with him inside the lake. Seeing Rogers after all this time… seeing the creature he became… was stunning. This was the first time that Tony managed to get a full glimpse at Rogers, and what he saw stunned him. Rogers almost looked like a normal human if you didn't count his pale… everything… a normal human being, a healthy human being. When Tony focused though, Tony wondered how he ever thought of Rogers as a human.
"…'s…'k…" Steve slurred, his voice being faint, causing tears to slide down Tony's face faster; Tony could only lean down and kiss Steve's hand with shaky lips, his breath shuddering in his chest. "Pete…?" Steve murmured, blinking his eyes tiredly.
"Calm down Steve." Peggy snapped as she held his arm tightly before he does something stupid like attacking Steven, she didn't know that Bucky was alive, Steven had spent that time talking about his husband with her, rarely talked about his friends, and it was a shock for her to see Bucky, he changed yes, grow his hair and a beard and gain more muscles than an Omega can, but it was still the same Omega she saw seventy years ago, and Peggy wondered if Barnes is still alive out there, she needed to talk with Steve about it.
It was night, and as always, you could see Steve wondering down the mansion's halls of the Starks family… Steve knew he was crazy, he knew he was, and he was waiting for the others to notice that too, he was waiting for them to point their fingers at him and throw him into the loony bin… so far no one noticed… no one noticed how Steve wandered the halls like a ghost at night, no one noticed that Steve close his eyes tightly when he was alone hoping the singing would stop, no one noticed that every painting he draw since waking up from the ice, contains nothing but dead and bloody corpses twisted in such a strange angles that it made him sick looking at them for a long time, no one knows that he always go to Bucky's grave at night begging him to stop torturing him because he can't take it anymore… he was grateful that no one noticed that he was breaking down…
"What are you thinking about, Nattalegg?" Klint's voice made the Alpha smile to herself and look at the Omega who was sitting on one of the barrels, cleaning his bow, she couldn't help her heart from warming up at the sight of her Omega and his butchered beard, no matter how much Nattalegg argue with him that Omegas can't grow a facial hair, the Omega was as stubborn as a rock, which was the reason she had to hold her laughter in every time she saw the Omega and his sorry excuse of a facial hair.
“Why look who finally decided to come!” Rhodey let out a happy laugh when he saw Tony walking inside the house holding presents, Megan and Jimmy each holding a leg of his hostage giggling every time Tony took a step forward, dragging them with him, the sight before them, made everyone laugh, Carol though, just huffed and called Jimmy back, causing the small boy to pout and let go of Tony’s leg, the two years old waddling to his mother.
"Well, Peter had told me that Howard and Sarah were getting alone lately… something about them forgetting him in the supermarket and regretting it…" Steve said, grimacing as he said these words unknowingly making Tony's heart drop at the news.
"James, relax…" Steve whispered to the brunt gently as he gently moved the man's head and put it in his lap, removing the Alpha's hands that were squeezing tightly, exchanging them for his as he starts massaging the Alpha's temples gently, moving from the temples to James's forehead and then back, letting out his scent hoping to calm the man down.
after coughing and covering his face he returned to look at the dark hole, only to see a set of stairs going down…
"Yeah, he is awake for two days now, little kiddo wouldn't calm down unless he is causing troubles… sounds like someone you know, don't you think?" Tony grin, causing Steve to chuckle at the words he spoke; in truth, their Pete sounds like Tony more than Steve, the only thing that Peter inherited from Steve was that he was too smart to be caught red-handed, just like his mother.
Everything changes in the world, especially The Avengers. They were the ones who were hit the hardest, they were the ones who refused to change with time, because want it or not, the world needs them now, more than ever.
"First of all, that's an insult to all invalid people out there so watch it." Clint said as he winked at Tony, causing the teen to roll his eyes. "Secondly, even after three months, a city boy like you won't understand the finer details of small-town life. We look out for each other… actually, we stick our noses in other people's business." Clint wiggled his eyebrows at that making Tony snort and shakes his head but the smile took over his face.
So what do you think?
Slowly, so slowly Tony opened the envelope, afraid that if he went fast the pictures inside will disappear when Tony opened it, he slowly pulled the pictures to look at them, they were not much, just ten pictures in total, but for Tony… they were like a treasure… Tony went from picture to picture, biting his lips hard as he saw the child in the photos, dark brown hair, dark brown eyes, pale skin, that was his baby, he knew that face shape anywhere it was like his mother's after all, and he had his mother delicate features, he let a small sob as he looked at a photo of his baby smiling happily and looking at the camera with hands rising.
"I gathered that." Steven said with a hiss as he stood up, putting a little weight on his injured leg. "Just as I gathered that I am in fucking Midgard!" Steven snapped which made Thor jump and lower his head, already feeling that the wrath the Ancient one is going to condiment Midgard too was not going to be light. "And you!" Steven said as he pointed to the man in the metal armor. "If anyone is crazy, it is you! Crazy bitch!" Steven hissed, taking satisfaction from the act of the metal-clad man screaming at him and nearly attacking if it wasn't for those two (The one with the Shield and the one with the dark scowl) holding him back. "As for you son of Odin, you are going to find a way to bring me back, and tell me from where the fuck did this show up when I was already told it was supposed to be hidden!" Steven said as he pointed at the necklace which made Thor pales, even more, when he gazed at it…
"Tony, look what I found!" Steve called out happily as he ran toward Tony who was enjoying himself in the chair; the sight of Steve running toward him in his black swimming truck made Tony make a double back and raise his sunglasses, not because of how handsome and edible Steve was looking, but because in Steve's arms… there was a great white shark being held effortlessly by its middle like it was a light plush.
"Why?" James ended up asking, and Steven can't blame his boy, not when Steven was practically asking him to trust a stranger that he only saw two separate occasions for a very short time. But out of the whole village, Nicolaus was the only person Steven can trust wholly with his son and pack, not even Loki and Thor gained his trust like his uncle who seemed to come back from the dead.
"I love him!" Tony finally gathered his voice to say those words and Steven had to stop himself from going to Tony and bring him into his arms hugging him tightly until everything is better, hating himself that he couldn't stop the tears that were running down Tony's face as he looked at Peggy hoping that she will understand.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness, horror elements, creepiness, torture, fluff, kissing, Steve is so in love, and finally, the wedding is here! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's OK, I forgive you… I know you want the best for Steve and that's why you did what you did, I would have probably done the same thing if I was you." Tony gave Sarah a reassuring smile, hoping that the woman will feel better, he really wanted her to know that Tony forgave her, that he didn't hold this against her, he knows what's it like to always worry about your baby and wishing the best for him, he knows that he may have acted like her with overprotectiveness if he had the chance to meet his baby ten years ago, or if his baby survived his death.
"Ah… this," Bucky sheepishly tried to hide his black eye for a second, only to lower his hand when Steve narrowed his eyes at the man ordering him silently to spill. "I got it from Tony after breaking his nose." Bucky finally admits, causing Steve's eyes to widen and for his jaw to drop a little, the '
tell me, were you ever going to tell me that he died thirty years ago? Were you ever going to tell me that Ty and Stane were real or were you just going to let me think that I went crazy? What action you made for me since I start living in this damn house spell out the word 'safety!" Tony ignored the guilty look that crossed his ex-friends' faces; they have no right to do that, no right to look at him with pain in their eyes when they were the ones who nearly caused him and his daughter to die several times. "Morgan died… my baby died because of you… she died because of the secrets you hide, I nearly died because of the secrets you continued to hide! Tell me, is this what it meant me being safe?" Tony's lips trembled as he tried to contain his sobs, he was so, so tired, so tired… Tony wanted to go home, but the thing was he doesn't know where his home was anymore.
"Hey, Peg, can you get me out of these shackles? It's not like I didn't find them pretty or anything, but can you tell me where Tony is?" Steve gave Peggy a doped smiled as he shifts in his bed to get more comfortable. "God knows where he is right now… probably getting into another problem… being a hero… and all…" Steve words trailed off as his eyes closed and as soon as they did he was asleep.
That scene made Steve growl but it ends with Maria who surprisingly pulls Steve away from the scene, and out of the room away from the rest. "They can't do that!" Steve told Maria nearly sapping at her only making the woman give Steve a tired look, he doesn't remember that much of what happened or what was said between them but he remembered one point of their argument before Maria left him to his storming thoughts.
"Don't flatter yourself; a lot of realms out there are more advanced than Midgard, for them, what you are doing is nothing but a child play." Steve grin widened when he was the beginning of a pout taking its place on Tony's face. "Did you know that if you made your armor with a mixture of symbiotic and biological materials, you will not only get the strongest armor there is but the lightest one as well? Mainly because in the normal state, the suit will be in liquid form, but for psionic command, it will fit your body and solidifies." Tony's eyes widen and his jaw dropped on the floor when the words Steve said made sense to him.
"I h-ave… to tell you s-something…" Howard muttered squeezing Tony's hand tightly.
"No he didn't, I swear!" Tony hurriedly said when he saw the doubt taking over Steven's face which made fear sneak into the Omega's heart.
Well, I think that I botched this chapter but I don't know anymore, I hope that it was at least good or something; I don't fancy writing this chapter for the sixth time.
He spent that day crying because as much as Anton's death hurts him, his beloved at least lived a full life, he lived, grow old, and died from old age… but Tonton, his Tonton died young, he died so young, not even growing past fifteen summers in humans years, he was still a child who didn't know what the world was going to offer him.
"I was doing nothing wrong but teaching that slave a lesson, it was your son who barges in where he was unwelcomed!" Hamar suddenly snapped, which caused everyone to gasp and back away, the scent of terror filling the hill, even those who were with Hamar shuffled away on their knees away from him, wondering how much of an idiot the man was for talking back, no one talk back to the king without some punishment involved.
P.S: This is an Alpha/Beta/Omega dynamic story, it's also a Medieval story with Viking Tony ^o^
"W-when did you g-get this?" Peggy asked with a cracked voice, making Steve look at her to see her looking at Steve with glassy eyes full of unshed tears. "Please! When?" Peggy plea making Steve take a step back and swallow.
"Why didn't he tell us about him Rhodey?" Peggy asked as she saw the Beta looking lost and dazed which made the man blink and turn to Peggy. Everyone stayed silent, no one dared to say a word, and some of them were uncomfortable about hearing this as this was Tony's private life, but they keep their mouths shut and listen.
At that time, he met a lot of stars, interesting ones too, how they always fly in the sky in their Astral Forms, which Sara taught him how to do, which was fun, to be honest. So with that, he spent the first five hundred years of his life with Sarah and the other stars, playing and flying in their Astral Forms enjoying themselves and looks at what happened in the nine realms, writing its history down, steering away from Muspelheim most of the times, and gazing at the beauty that was their world, though, Sara made sure that he never let his eyes steer to Midgard, something about that realm causing nothing but pain and heartache, he never asked Sara about that, and she never told him why, so he let it drop.
The wistful smile that Jamti saw paint Anton's lips, made Jamti press his lips tightly, praying with all his heart that Goddess Frigga will gaze at Anton and give him someone who will stand by his side, loving him and caring for both the Alpha and his child. The smile left Anton's face, and a mischievous light entered his eyes, making Jamti tilt his head to the side with wonder; when Anton went toward his son and the queen's babe, realization painted Jamti's eyes when he saw the queen standing beside the children with a soft smile, a smile that turned into a competitive nature when the queen saw the king making his way toward him just to start arguing about something. The actions did nothing but make Jamti's eyes wide in wonder, and realization painted the Alpha's face…
Poor Steve
"How did you know he wouldn't let go of the pup?" Peggy asked as she gazed at Steven. "Because he is Tony; I like to think that I know my husband well enough." Steven stated playfully to Peggy; though both of them were unaware of Tony who was hiding farther away from them.
So what do you think?
As for Rogers the man wasn't even looking at him, he was looking away from Tony like just the thought of facing him was repulsive, if you counted the displeasure shining in his face as anything to go by. "Are you done? I would like to return to my room soon." Rogers stated, and God, if Tony wasn't angry before, he was sure as hell angry now.
Today was such a day that Harley needed a little time alone; Harley didn't even notice Lila coming to convince him to play with how occupied his mind was which made his friend roll her eyes before going back to Peter and Cooper and jumping her brother to strangle him. Harley hummed as he tilted his head a little, his eyes were tracing every movement taking place on the street, counting the flowers in each lawn, tracing the movement of pet cats and dogs, and counting the leaves that fell from the tree and were blown over by the wind.
Tony was not an idiot, he was far away from one, he knows what he was throwing himself into when he and Steve start dating, the first month spent with the two talking about their relationship and what the two of them hoped to achieve with a relationship between the two of them… the two of them even promised that whatever happened between the two of them, will not affect Peter in any way, shape, or form, they were adults, they know how to not involved innocent children in their affairs contrary to what Sarah Rogers thinks of… the Omega doesn't even know why the older Alpha was overprotective of the pup and her son, the Omega tried to understand, but the woman seemed to dislike him no matter how much he tried which was strange because she seemed to like him before he start dating her son, usually, Steve will spend the night after having dinner with his mother to try and justify her actions, but Tony thinks that the reason that of all the Rogers family problems was… Steve's first mate…
Tony closed his eyes as he took a deep breath, trying to calm himself down, especially when he felt Rogers' arms around him as he nuzzled into Tony's cheek and talked about how he wanted to make the brunette proud and how much he loved him… again. "Actually I'm very, very, very disappointed with you…" Tony said through gritted teeth which seemed to freeze the man in his place, and Tony doesn't even need to turn around to see the shocked and confused face. "In fact, I'm so disappointed that I don't want to see your face ever again, and if I do I will call Hydra's personal phone number personally and give you back to them." Tony took the bottle of the holy water from his pocket and opened it, throwing the content of it at Rogers who was latching into him, drenching himself and the man with the liquid, causing the said man to let go and jump away from him like he was burned, and Tony rolled his eyes at the teary wide eyes that were looking at him with so much betrayal and hurt. "Your last warning Rogers, you do something else, and it will be more than holy water next." Tony hissed at the man like an angry cat, ready to fight, already preparing himself for what to come.
And Peter is a precious little bean!
Nebula's lips twitched into a dark frown as she followed the sound of crashing and snarling and screaming; it didn't take a genius to know that the witch was angry, furious even, and why wouldn't she? She had once again failed to take her revenge, and this time it was the Golden Bride who dared to stop her, knocking her out using a normal chair, not even using a lick of his magic. This did nothing but inform Nebula of how useless and arrogant the witch was, as much as Nebula wanted to turn around and leave she couldn't, not when her father ordered her to strike a bargain with the useless witch.
Tony didn't know how it happened, but one minute the two of them were talking, and the next Tony was on his back with Steve on top of him kissing him breathless, Tony let out a soft moan as he pulled Steve closer to him, shivering at the growl the Alpha let, gasping as he felt the Alpha's hand caressing his tummy, that only made Tony pull the blond strands in his hand pulling Steve's face to kiss him again and again, every time the Alpha even separated their faces a few centimeters to breath. Tony shook with pleasure, after all this is the first time someone touched him like that in nearly nine years, and God, does Steve know how to kiss?
By the time Steven returned, it was eight a.m. just enough for him to shower and change into one of his dark uniforms that Edith kept in her storage unit in the pocket dimension, the first time he heard about this from Edith, he had laughed and cried at the same time, because his husband knew him to well, no matter what age Steven was he will always be a troublemaker who didn't back down from a fight even if it meant his death. 'Suicidal Bastard' his late husband always called him, and somehow Steven always felt that title fit him more than a thousand others the people around him gave.
"No, can't, have to make dinner or something… or something…" Steve mumbled sleepily, trying to stay awake and stubbornly refusing to sleep; that caused Bucky to sigh and shake his head, muttering something about stupid punks, which for some unknowing reason caused Steve to feel warm on the inside like it was some word of affection and not an insult from his brother-in-law.
Tony wondered if Steve would have taken him out on another date, just the two of them with his pup being babysit by his mother who adored the pup to death, he wondered if the Alpha will take him to dance, he hadn't danced for years, he wondered if the Alpha will pull him closer to his body, and sway gently with him to the sound of music… just that thought made Tony flush and hug his baby tightly causing Goose to look at him from her perch on his pillow.
"Steven…" Steven ended up offering his name after a few minutes of silence, his answer making the king hum and turn his sight to the lake, ignoring how Steven was eyeing him with narrow eyes. Could it be? Steven wondered before shutting that thought down; no it couldn't, for his Anton was different than this man, his Anton was the Alpha who refused to fight even when others bullied him and called him weak. His Anton was a man who loved the peace and creating beauty with metal and iron, not weapons and tools of death to rage wars… this man was not his Anton, for Anton has long since died when Brookland was destroyed…
"W-wha… what do you mean Steve? Of course, I will be here for our son." Tony said as closed the door behind him and rushed to Steve's side, from the shocked voice the Alpha used, he probably didn't expect Steve to talk to him like that, which was so funny now Steve think about it.
He couldn't believe that the person who was the first to discover the news was the king himself, the person he never wanted him to know, but that doesn't matter anymore, for Steven will carry the child in his womb without a care for the king's empty threats, he will protect him just like how he protected his James, he will protect him unlike how he failed when he tried to safe his youngest pup from Johann's hands.
"Tony, please… calm down, please let us explain." Peggy plead, her words breaking Tony's heart, a few months ago, hell, even on the first day Tony arrived at this town, Tony would have accepted Peggy's explanation as a fact, he would have listened to them, and accepted the abnormality that was Steven Rogers… if only they trusted him enough to tell him.
It was a few minutes later that the winds calmed down; leaving Tony whose nerves were already damaged by his exposure to the Addams family, alone. "Tony did you finished the… oh, never mind." Pepper gave him a confused look after she entered the office, closing her mouth shut when she saw the state of the office, she didn't even scold Tony about destroying the place, not when he was looking a minute away from homicide.
The Omega recapped his bottle and was about to turn, but the sound of footsteps coming from one of the doors made him tense at that and his breath hitched a little as he turned toward the door he felt the sound was coming from, walking cautiously as he held his bottle like a makeshift weapon.
"Steve calm down please, you look like a crazy person right now…" Howard said making Steve look at him then bark an empty laugh that made both Howard and Peggy jump in fear.
"I swear I didn't know darling, I swear I didn't, I only discovered the truth a few days ago, when the tower was destroyed and I was looking through the archives." Tony said wiping his tears away, feeling too drain and tired wanting to fall in Steve's arms, wanting the Omega to tell him that everything was going to be OK. "Peter… he doesn't know about me, does he?" Tony asked which made Steve look away from Tony making the Alpha's heart drop.
Clint shook his head and went to the bathroom attached to his room; he hoped that taking a shower will give him something to do, before going to bed. When Clint entered the bathroom he froze as he saw that there was a strange mirror in the bathroom… how did it get here? He was sure that his purple mirror was here this morning, and not this strange one with skeletons… Clint then growled as he marches to the mirror, thinking that it was a prank from one of his teammates, which if it was he will finish them for once and for all! Clint glared at his reflection in the mirror inspecting the poor quality the mirror has; after ten minutes of glaring and gaining nothing from it, he snorts and grumbled to himself, vowing that he will find the one responsible for this and kill them. He opened the tap only to frown as he saw that there was no water, he gives the tap a couple of slaps and sighs when he saw the water start running…
"So you are awake, princess." The voice of the king made Steven growl at that and sent the king a nasty glare hoping that the man will vanish from his sight, but the man did nothing but smirk at him, throwing something through the bars, making Steven's eyes fall toward the fabric before the returned to the king. "I advise you to change into this if you do not want to be jumped while wearing that… thing." The king said a sneer on his face as he gazed at the clothes Steven worn, which made the Omega scuff and look at the Alpha with dark eyes.
When the two of them reached Shield HQ, Natasha stormed out of the car toward the entrance, Steve was sure she was going to drill Clint about his mysterious mistress. Steve get out of the car sighing and went inside toward Peggy's office. When he reached the office he could hear the sound of shouting coming from the inside, now Steve knows that the only reason he could hear this at all was his super hearing as the room was soundproof.
"But… it's leaves?" Peter murmured getting a kiss from his Mama causing him to purr at the affection he was receiving from the Omega. "I don' understand…" Peter ends up saying with a pout as he turns to his Papa, it was very confusing! His Mama told him only trees have leaves, but his Papa said that this thing wasn't a tree but a bush! It made Peter confused, and he hates being confused, what is a bush even? Probably some evil sticks stealing the pretty leaves when they fell from the trees, he doesn't want to look out of the window anymore. With that Peter made a grapy hands at his Papa, which to his delight made the big Alpha look at his Mama for some reason but it ends up with Peter in his Papa's lap, though as soon as he felt his Mama's hand through his hair, he starts purring uncontrollably, which made his Mama coos and purr, and he started feeling sleepy, which made him yawn and snuggle into his Papa to get more comfortable…
He didn't know why he flushed when he heard the man say that, he could have said that to anyone or any star not him, but when he flushed he shined brightly which made the man below him smile.
"Too early? Nothing is too early when it comes to the Carbonell family! We are born geniuses you know?" Tony joked, causing the woman's lips to twitch up at that, score! Tony wanted to cheers; he just needed to talk Maria up for a few more minutes to gain her trust before going on his quest of finding what he needed.
The man had changed, Steve can say, and not only his looks but his attitude as well, instead of the clean shaved face Anthony usually kept the man sport a goatee, it was a strange seeing the Alpha like that but it only showed how much handsome he was, also his hair, instead of the messy bangs he usually kept when he was out, it was now slick back giving him a sharp look, it made Steve's heart give a bang and he increased the volume of the voice, hoping to hear what was exchanged.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, horror elements, poor Tony, and we will finally see Steve! All reviews are appreciated.
"Sir, I need you to let go of the pup." An icy voice said which made the Omega scowl and turn to the person only to see a female officer looking at him with cold eyes; it seems like people finally called the police.
Steve, was told everything that happened after the crash… how much time passed since then how they are now in the year of 1988, how his friends were alive, back here home… with families and children… and grandchildren to look after, he was told about how Peggy had finally found her fated mate, a Beta woman with the name Angie, he was told that Howard was finally married with a wife and a… Peggy didn't finish her sentences… Steve didn't pressure her. And he was told that they… that they had finally found Bucky's body… that thirty years ago they found him and return his body to give it a probable burial… that if Steve wants, she could take him to see Bucky…
Steven sighed as he looked at the room ceiling then turned his eyes to Peggy who was able to calm herself down, which made the man turn to her and stop her when she was about to leave the library to search for Tony, he already knows that Tony wouldn't appreciate this at all, and it could get really out of hand. "Whatever you are thinking, it will only make it worse if you search for him now." Steven said which made Peggy glared at him and Steven won't lie, Peggy has mastered her glare of doom in this universe, and it was a little bit scary, but it wasn't like his late husband when he was forced to get up before nine on Saturday… that was the scariest sight he ever saw, especially if his husband was putting on his green beauty mask… Steven was scared for life.
"Steve… what's going on…?" Tony's lips tremble as he asked that question holding into Morgan tightly as fear froze him in his place. What was going on? A second Tony was on the boat, another one he was in Morgan's room which turned out to be Steve Rogers's room, and now he was in the closet? This can't be happening, it can't be happening, it just can't; this was crazy, crazy, crazy!
Waking up, Tony wiped his eyes as he tried to wipe the trace of sleep and tears from his eyes, frowning when he noticed that he was sleeping on something soft; that made Tony snap his eyes open and sit so fast that he became dizzy, it took a few minutes before everything was clear and the dizziness left Tony, who looked around the place with wide eyes, taking in the strange bedroom he was sleeping in. "What…?" Tony whispered, fear lacing in his voice as he sat slowly, making sure not to justly his baby who was sleeping contently beside him, looking around the room he was in, Tony frowned at the different but similar room. Tony froze in his place, his voice leaving him when his eyes fell on a rocking chair beside the bed… a rocking chair that has Steven Grant Rogers sitting in it with what looked like a sketchbook in his lap.
The scream that Steven wanted to let out got stuck inside of his throat as his body froze in its place, locked, even though Steven couldn't cry out, that didn't mean his inner Omega wasn't doing the job for him, as it screams and shrieked inside of his head the voice increasing louder and louder each passing second.
“Why you…” Tony growled trying to control himself before he attacked the woman, something that he was sure Sarah wouldn’t let it pass, if she didn’t make a scene in front of Steve if he did. “You say you are proud of Steve and Peter daily, but once they made a choice on their own you turn batshit crazy! What does that make you? A hypocrite person, that’s what! You are implying that I’m trying to replace my dead son with Peter, and that’s a low blow, even for you, because both Peter and Steve know about my son, just like how I know about Peggy; I was never the one that hides things from Steve, unlike someone who is trying desperately to control his life! You are treating Steve like he is just a small child while ignoring the fact that he is 36 years old man with his own life and a child of his own!” Tony ended up shouting causing the woman to back away a little, the shock painting her face before she hides it with a scowl. “This is not the Sarah Rogers I know; not the woman who always try to paint a happy smile on everyone’s face, not the woman who got out of her way to befriend me and treat me like a son, you are not the woman that Steve always smiles with pride at the mention of her, nor the woman that Peter adore! You, Ma’am, are nothing but a domineering bitch who tries desperately to control her son’s life refusing for him and his child to recover, always letting them live in fear.” A noise came from somewhere, but neither Tony nor Sarah paid any attention to it, both glaring at each other heatedly, trying to intimidate the other into submission. “You need to get a reality check before it is too late because one day Steve will realize what you are trying to do, and then surprise, surprise, he will realize that all this time, he was just dealing with another Peggy Carter.” That was what finally cracked Sarah, her eyes widen in shock as she took a step back in disbelieve; Tony doesn’t even feel proud of himself for what he did, for he never thought that a day like this will come, him lashing out at the woman he looked up to, a woman that both Steve and Peter adore. “Good day to you Ma’am I will escort myself out.” Tony gritted out before turning around ready to leave, only to pause when he noticed Winnie standing in the hallway with wide eyes.
"Little one, I want you to meet Peggy and Angie." Papa said when the Jarvis let him go, that made Peter look at him and turn to see the women finally took a step toward Peter.
It was only a few seconds before the shock went away, leaving Tony blinking at the older Alpha's words, but a small hopeful smile taking over his lips; he could only take the rest of the plates and head to the backyard, where everyone was sitting comfortably in their chairs.
The first time Steven struggled to open his eyes; he was greeted with cries full of alarm, what he caught before he was pricked with perhaps another needle of sedative, was the noise of a moving vehicle and the men surrounding him that was speaking in Germany, maybe Russian? He wasn't able to detect that much with merely a few flitting words his unsteady mind didn't comprehend entirely. The second time he woke up was to the same shouting, this time it was too panicked like they were noticing something that they shouldn't or they didn't do their job, but the next time he was stabbed it was with too much force than needed.
"She is a mean lady…" James muttered, which made Steven give a shaky smile despite his want to scream at the words he heard from that woman, and Steven took a shaky breath as he turned around the place wondering where to go now since the woman has left them alone. "When are we going to see Margaret, Mama?" The boy asked which made the Omega give a small smile, trying to hide his shakiness and confusion.
As everyone knows, this story, the first part of my fairy tales series, if you have a fairy tale in mind and wanted me to write it, or request me to write you a spine of the fairy tale you love just PM me, and I would answer…
Steve stayed silent like he was trying to regain his thoughts, and Tony was about to surrender and turn to the next picture but the Alpha finally spoke. "It wasn't what she did… but what she didn't do and tell…" Tony heard the big Alpha breathe as he hid his face in Tony's neck before he started talking. "We met when the two of us were in the army. We fell in love and then got married. I thought that everything was perfect, I really did… but the thing is she never told me she had major depression that she suffered through all of her life… nor she told anyone at all…" Steve's words seemed to vanish at that, which caused him to squeeze the arms that surrounded his midsection, hoping that Steve will take the hint that Tony was there for him. "She also had a bipolar disorder due to her depression… and after having Peter… it got worse." Tony closed his eyes at that as he tried to calm himself, taking deep breaths.
"W-why…?" Steve breathed out, his breath was ragged as he took in Howard, whose eyes were trained on the syringe in his hand, the one with the strange blue liquid in it. Part of Steve was scared of what Howard will do with that thing in his hand, another part was curious about Howard opening up and telling him about his past, it does explain a little why Howard was a bastard to him since the start.
From the corner of his eyes, Steven saw Peggy reaching him, and before she made any sudden move, he stopped her by hissing at her which made the woman stop in her place. "Don't make any sudden moves… there are wolves inside." Steven said which made Peggy frown and just like always, Peggy ignored him and enters the library which made Steven nearly scream again… why does Peggy always do this to him?
"… I don't hate you…" James said, and to be honest, this was the first time Steve heard the man's voice, it was low and deep, so unlike his husband but the same in a way, the Alpha's words made Steve tilt his head, wanting more explanation than just these words. "I… I'm not good at the… being normal stuff… sorry…" The man murmured which made Steve 'oh' at that and give the man an encouraging smile.
The picture had both Tony and Steve in it, from the angle of the picture it looked like someone was standing outside of the office when they took it. Both Tony and Steve were kissing and holding each other wearing the same clothes they were wearing now; what made Steve pale though was the words that were written under the picture in a red sharpy.
P.S:- The Yoga scene's kiss was inspired by art that my friend showed to me; many thanks and kisses to the artist who draw that picture and the person who commissioned it, you are both amazing!!!
"We will see about that, we have a court order to search your mansion." Said Steve pushing Stane to the side and nods to the agents to start their search, in the background he can hear Stane's screams and threats of calling his lawyers. Steve is kind of annoyed that they couldn't just arrest and interrogate him… something about him having buddies in the higher-ups.
"You? You!" Tony growled as he advanced toward Bucky, ignoring how Bucky tensed like he was preparing to go into a fight, the sight in front of him shook Steve, it reminds him of that dream. "It was you who took him out! What was your plan huh? What did you think you were doing by taking my husband out, who do you think you are?" Tony snapped, causing Steve to flinch; pain and hurt took over Steve's heart, not only he caused his husband to get angry with him, he caused him to fight with his brother, what has he done?
"He was beautiful…" Steve said which made Tony close his eyes tightly at that and fists Steve's shirt tightly, trying to stop his shaking. "An energetic little fella couldn't stay still no matter how much May and Ben begged him to." That got a laugh from Tony as he tried to hold into his sobs. "He was the smartest boy I ever saw… at that time, I wished to have a little boy just like him, and my wish seemed to be granted because I was blessed with Peter." That made Tony closes his eyes tightly, a few stray tears leaving him.
It started with the butterfly in his stomach, and the longing to see the Omega's face again, the need to hear his beautiful voice laughing and calling Anthony by his name, it started with the Alpha looking at his phone in work, longing for the Omega to call, so he can leave his work and hear that breathtaking voice… it ends with Anthony realizing that he was in love.
"Hey there, sweetheart; you made me worry with all the screaming that went on here, bad dreams?" Tony's words were gentle as he finally put his hand on Steve's head, running his hand through Steve's blond hair, the action made Steve's lips wobbly, and he did nothing but shuffle until he managed to hide his head in Tony's lap. Steve doesn't want to talk about what he saw, he doesn't want to remember what his eyes seen, he doesn't even want to remember what he heard, especially when he heard Sara's voice whispering to him about him getting his glow back. It was something that Steve suspected for a month now, but hearing Sara confirm it made everything much worse, especially with Thanos on the loose.
Steven didn't pay that much attention to them as he rose up with a sinister look in his eyes that made everyone shift, even Anton. "It seems that you are not as bright as you used to be in this lifetime, Anton, so I will explain with the plainest terms so that your pea size brain will process." His remarks earned him a growl from Anton, a glare equal to the intensity of ten suns directed his way, but Steven did not offer it that much attention. "If a word, even the slightest of suspicion went to the wrong ear, that I, a star, landed on Midgard, it means not only my doom but the future of your world as well, if you do not want Midgard's annihilation to take place, then you will keep me being here a Secret." Steven hissed; his words led to a few of the so-called Avengers to furrow their eyebrows and stare at one another before turning their gaze to him.
"Come out; come out, where ever you are Addams! We need to talk." Tony called out as he walks deeper into the room, wondering how big the room really was that Tony felt like he was walking for minutes but didn't reach the other side of the room, which was concerning.
So what do you think?
After being sedated the first time, Tony always finds himself sedated mainly for the episodes he always created when someone walked toward him without Tony being mental prepare to see them, it usually starts with someone sneaking upon him, and the Tony will find himself screaming and throwing things, and when he felt someone getting near his son, he will lose it and start attacking. The first week Captain America was there to stop him from harming himself or others, the Alpha's scent made him so sleepy and relaxed that he will go to sleep holding his baby in his arms, but since the second week when the Alpha returned to manage Shield, the nurses were forced to drug him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh? Why don't you tell me his name? Maybe it's someone I know." Tony said with a grin which made the kid lights up at that and look around the place before signing for Tony to lean down even more like he was telling a secret, Tony grin widely at that and lean down, only for the pup to jump and squeak when someone called his name from behind Tony, which also scared the Alpha a little.
Johann continued yelling and being ignored for Gods' know how long (Though from glancing at the window, Steven saw that it was sunset) before something actually happened, the throne room's gigantic wooden door swinging open to allow passage to an entourage of new Vikings Steven had yet to see, and that had Johann shutting up almost immediately, and that by itself gained Steven's respect toward the people who entered the room.
The past few weeks were so hectic that it took some time for Tony to notice the changes that were happening around him; the most important change that took a place was his son. His baby was quieter than he usually was, always silent when someone wasn't chatting him up, and when Peter wasn't with anyone from the Avengers, you will find him attached to either Tony's or Steve's side.
"Wait, you are trying to tell me that you died? How is that even possible?" Bruce said in confusion as he looked around the room at the confused faces, he could see Natasha preparing to attack the stranger when she saw him break through his shackles like they were tissues.
Duh, duh, duh, duh! The angst is rolling!
"It is… it's not what it seems… that bastard is lying, Steve!" Tony rushed to answer when he saw Steve stand up from the bed heading to the door… Steve can't do this, he can't do this… he can't stay here and listen to Tony telling him lies. "Nothing happened, believe me, nothing happened! It's just a kiss!" Tony rushed to explain as he ran toward Steve, pulling him from his right hand, causing Steve to jerk back and grit his teeth at the temporary pain.
"Anthony…" The low voice behind him made him tense and for the hair on his body to stand on its ends, and he then turns to the person who called him, putting his back to the wall while putting the suitcase in front of him, protecting his midsection, heart pounding in his throat when he saw his mother's blank eyes looking at him, as much as the younger man wanted to talk to her, hoping to be able to sway her into taking his side, he knows that she will never do it, after all, how will she chose her idiotic son's side, her son who destroyed his life by falling pregnant (Even if he was forced without his consent) destroying a perfect arranged marriage with his father's business partner before it even happened.
"Mr. Stark." A voice behind Tony said which caused Tony to suppress his sigh and let go of the dessert plate, turning his sight to Sarah who was looking so uncomfortable that Tony felt bad for her but not as bad as to not defend himself if she started something on his and Steve's engagement party.
"Should we bring the boys to meet their sister?" Tony asked, looking up at his husband who smiled happily and stood up, leaving to call their family but not before kissing both Tony and their girl on the forehead. Tony smiled as his eyes trailed back to his baby, his heart growing warm as he nuzzled her… she was worth the thirteen hours of labor and pain…
"I… I… no, I still haven't left…" Steve left his words trail, wondering what he was going to tell Bucky now that his brother-in-law knew he was shamefully left behind. "It's OK, I'm going now; do you need anything before I come back?" Steve asked, trying to desperately from making his voice break as he asked that question.
The knock on the door made Steve look up from his charcoal painting and blink in confusion, it was two weeks since Anthony had left for the presentation and two more weeks before he returned home, and Steve wasn't waiting for anyone so he was surprised that someone was knocking at his door at, Steve looked at the clock, 11 p.m., the knocking continued making Steve frown and put the pencil down and stand up, maybe it was one of the neighbors who locked himself out of the apartment and needed help?
At first, everything was rough, especially with Harley still refusing to trust anyone that wasn't Steve or Peter; everyone was thrown back to square one, especially Betty, who didn't know what to do after Harley relapsed. Everyone thought that Harley was doing fine, the little boy stopped flinching at the sight of Omegas, he can even make a small conversation with them to some extent… no one knew that Harley was forcing himself to do that, until after Steve prompted him to talk, did everyone know.
' Bucky kept whispering, made Steve feel even worse than he already did, cursing his rotten luck for matching him to someone who was just like his father, using him and ending up discarding him when he was done…
"I was foolish like you once." Sara said to him three days later after Tonton's death, and it caused him to turn and look at the woman in her astral form, the woman was beautiful with her golden hair that was curled, reaching her back, her pale luminous skin, and her blue eyes, wearing a long black gown which only success to show her beauty, Sara and him shared so many similarities, that the other stars thought they were one star that split in half. "Falling in love with a mortal, I was foolish to think that there will ever be something between the two of us, mortals… their lives are just a second in our long lives." Sara said as she floats to him letting her hand run through his shoulder-length blond hair.
"Good morning, darling…" Tony had to bite his lips to stop the huge grin from taking over his face as he turns in the Alpha's arms gazing at his sleepy blue eyes with a grin taking over his face, making the Alpha give a lazy smile and lower his head to kiss the Omega, making the brunet sigh gently and pull the Alpha down by his neck, letting out pleasant noises every time he felt the Alpha's hands caress his body. "Time to wake up…" The Alpha said through kisses which made the Omega pull him and kiss him harder hoping that the Alpha will forget what he said a few seconds ago.
"They are…" Tony agreed with Howard as he gave him his mug, causing Howard to smile after he took a sip; black, two spoonfuls of sugar, his son always knew the kind of coffee he liked. "Steve was the one who pesters me about getting in contact with you; he said some really important points that I seemed to forget, or didn't think of. He is a good man, and his son is a good boy; I'm happy being a part of their family." Howard hummed to himself, his eyes not leaving Tony, whose face had a big smile, Howard could only study his son, hoping against hope that he won't make a mistake this time, that if he took everything calmly and heard Tony first everything will be fine.
"It doesn't matter…" Tony finally stated after opening and closing his mouth several times; oh God, what type of a nightmare did Tony landed in? Tony really should have stayed in his workshop tonight, at least then he wouldn't be forced into this situation, with two angry Addams who were planning the world's domination and killing abusive exes. Will the world witness another Great Depression? A great tsunami? A great pandemic?!
With that, Steve spent the first week of Tony's vacation trying to finish the commissions he had, cursing these stupid hormones that made him cry at the thought of his husband not paying him and their baby enough attention as it is. Steve didn't want to complain, not when Tony was doing his hardest in catching whoever dared to trespass on their home, still, it was hard.
2-Haltu á tungunni, Hydra konungur, áður en þú týnir því. -Hold your tongue, Hydra king, before you end up losing it.
When Tony was far away from the hospital, far away from his father and his lies, far, far away, he got his phone out of his pocket with shaky hands; dialing the number he wants with teary eyes.
After Steve took the file from Fury he spent a whole week, investigating what was called the evil league. He got to know a lot of things about its six members, their habits, schedules, and other things he should know about before he launches into his mission. It was easy getting in, that should have been his first clue, but he was too deep into grieve and want to end this mission that he simply didn't care. It ends up with them attacking him all at once, and Steve ends up fighting them all for hours, he was still surprised that he was the last one standing. But unfortunately one of the idiots activated the portal before breaking the control panel, and now the portal was open with no way to close it, and if Steve didn't want the portal to go 'Boom' and do some unsavory damage, he had to do something and fast…
These words caused the creature to give an annoying hiss at the sleeping boy, gaining nothing but the boy shifting until he was comfortable to return to sleep. The creature hates this, he hates this place, and he hates the town and its people, and he hates everything that ever happened to him, but what he hates the most was this small boy who kept on making him think and hurt his head, and he despises thinking.
"Steve…" Tony groaned as he dives in for another kiss, getting a small moan from the Omega whose hands were gently caressing Tony's cheeks, causing the Alpha to shudder and dive in for another kiss, and another… and another, ignoring the fact that the two of them were in the living room and that Peter could walk in on them at any point. Steve would probably break his leg if he noticed the pup who then would start asking them strange questions about why Mr. Stark was kissing his mother.
“Four months from now.” He informed them, knowing that they had their doubts at how rushed all of this seems like, how it was only a year and a half in a relationship with a divorced Alpha who had a son, before deciding on marriage, but his friends ever the supportive, just joked about giving Steve the shovel talk, though, in Rhodey’s case, Tony knows that his best friend won’t rest until he gave Steve a piece of his mind. They spent the day catching up, joking, and celebrating, and when it was time to leave his friends objected, stating that Tony should stay in the Rhodes’ household, Tony didn’t even know how the small get together turned into a slumber party, but everyone was happy to sleep the night in the guest rooms.
Finally an update!
Jarvis offered as an olive branch and Tony paused in his place, pressing his lips tightly, deep in his thoughts. It will do him some good leaving this insane place, maybe he could even do his shopping in peace and he could tell Pepper about what happened to him. He was sure that the woman would do her wonderful thing and get Rogers kicked out of his mansion! A smile breaks out over Tony's face at the thought, and he starts jumping all over the place in happiness, rushing toward the armors in the corner and ignoring Jarvis who was trying to advise him to get out of the place like a normal person. Like hell! He has a target on his back with five scary teammates after him, and he was not stupid enough to get out of there like he was some defenseless duck waiting to be slaughtered!
The warmth surrounding him rustled a little, and suddenly, Steve had a small wiggling form that let out a content sigh when it finally slept in the most comfortable way in his embrace. "
It had left Steve confused, and made him start reviewing everything he did and said toward the Omega and his pup, it made him sit on the chair thinking until it was like lightning struck him from the dark sky… "An Omega will do everything…" Steve whispered brokenly.
"Stane…" Steve called out making the man turn to him and glare even more with a dark look in his eyes. "You know why you are here, don't make this hard for you and tell me what I want to know," Steve said making Stane snort at that.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, a little bit of sadness, fluff, and cuteness, time-skips, family bonding together, unexpected events, and the baby is here! And who knows what? All reviews are appreciated.
He just hangs on for the ride for now, since his legs are too jelly from being at the receiving end of Steve's wicked plans. But Tony swears to himself if Steve didn't knot him right here, right now, Tony will pin him down bodily and work that damn knot in him himself.
"Tony…" Rhodey's voice made Tony pause in his work (His work which consists of making breakfast for three hungry adults and a baby) the tone that Rhodey use already told Tony the kind of direction the conversation was going to take, but a small part of Tony was content in living in denial until proven wrong.
Anton let out a tired breath, his sight going from tree to tree, trying to find something to pass his time with. Maybe he would try and collect some substances he lacks in his home? Anton was sure some herbal medicine would help, if not for him to use, then for Braes who would no doubt be thankful for such a gift. Maybe he would pick up some mushrooms for Klint and Nattalegg, knowing the two of them, they would no doubt love this kind of gift; not for eating though, but for the poisons they could extract from one mushroom, so Anton must be careful while picking those little devils. Maybe he can even catch small games here and there, giving it to Magna and Jamti, the two of them would no doubt appreciate his gift.
"I have to give it to you Mr. Rogers; you are the first not to jump while hearing Jarvis." Tony teased as he walked in front of the Alpha which made the older man smile at the teasing and follows the Omega waiting for Tony to close the door, trying to calm the fussy pup all the while.
Sam took the files from Tony and went through them. "Do you have any photos for your son, Mr. Stark?" Sam asked as he frowns at what he read through.
Tony wanted to ask, but it was silly and too much. Tony knows that he was gearing himself for a heartache, especially when Steve was going to return to his home at the end, when they defeat Thanos and everything is over, Steve will return to his old life with the stars and forget all about Tony and the Avengers. Tony knew his heart will break when Steve was going to leave them, and he hoped deeply that the blow will be softer for his son because his baby was just like Tony too attached to Steve to let him go. Just for a second, Tony tried to imagine, what will his and Peter's life be like if Steve left them.
Steve tried to stay strong, if not for himself than for his baby, he tried to call Tony more, talk with him more, tries to seek him out more… only to have his husband claiming that he was busy if he wasn't busy then he was talking to someone through that damn phone of his if he wasn't using his phone than he was out, God knows where, and it was draining.
"Steve… please, return the shark where you found it because if you don't, you are sleeping in the bathroom tonight," Tony said slowly, still not taking his eyes away from the shark who was struggling in Steve's strong grip, letting out pathetic choking sounds as it saw its life flash in front of its eyes, and do fishes even makes sounds? The last thing Tony checked they couldn't, only a few could and he doesn't think sharks are one of them.
"That fucker!" His father's voice made Tony stop in his place, the sound of Aunt Peggy and Steve coming from the room stopped him in his place, wondering what everyone was doing inside his father's office. "How did he even do that? I thought the court plead him guilty! How did he get out of that death sentence?" His father snarled which made Tony jump a little, he really should just leave, he should turn around and ignore this day ever happened, but Tony was frozen in place, and the Omega didn't even know how to move.
"Boys, go shower and then dressed, it's Friday and you have to go to the clinic." Peggy said happily which got a groan from Tony, but a happy squeal from Peter, considering that the small pup loves going to the clinic to draw and play with the other children, he even made a friend named Harley! Which made Tony and Steve happy they even promised that Harley can spend a night with them, but after both Tony got better, which made Peter pout a little at that, but forget all about it when Goose starts playing tag with him.
Tony hummed gently, rocking Harley who was still fast asleep in his arms, unaware of Tony fritting over him every second that passed. Everything was supposed to be… calm. That was the easiest description Tony could think of; Tony did not want to say everything was going to be sunshine and rainbow because let's face it, life is not a fairy tale. Everything was calm, and Tony was finally content with living with his husband and baby, they even planned on going to see Harley tomorrow, planning on taking him to see the movies with them before asking the boy about what he thinks about them adopting him. Never did Tony thought that he would find Harley in this state, on the run alone.
"Did he?" Tony asked as he leaned back to check his baby, who was nodding his head fast, it was then that Tony noticed that his baby was wearing the karate uniform that Angie brought for him on his birthday not a long time ago which made the Omega puff his chest at how adorable his baby was wearing that outfit. "You look amazing, baby! Going to take Captain America down for Mama?" Tony asked just to be a little shit while cooing at his baby, making the four years old boy giggle at that and nod his head, which made Tony throw a smug look at the Alpha who was petting Goose with a smile.
/Warning/: this chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of sadness, fluff, everyone being protective AF! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated...
"Hello, little one what's your name? My name is Maria…" The Omega said as she looked at the small pup which made the pup detangled himself from his mother and walked toward the old Omega, Maria wondered to herself what Steve will do, if he will pull the small pup away from her or if he will tell her to leave, but the blond Omega did nothing, only taking a sip from his tea.
"No one, she is no one," Tony said, coming near Harley and run his hand through the boy's hair, smiling softly when the boy looked up. "You don't have to worry about that woman anymore, sweetie, Steve and I are going to handle everything and she won't come to our home ever again," Tony reassured the boy, getting a hum from Harley who finally relaxed and took another bite of his ice cream. "The same is said to you, Pete," Peter to his credit only nodded his head and finish his ice cream, then turning his attention to Harley as he tried to steal his brother's ice cream and failing. "Steve, are you leaving?" Tony asked when he saw a grumpy Steve enter the kitchen a frown on his face as he looked at the phone in his hand.
Tony's voice gave a burst of mad laughter after he finally broke the door with his ax, his parents' scream getting louder by the second before vanishing, and the only sound that could be heard was Tony's insane giggles and the storm thundering… and Steve…
"Why, yes, I was expecting another foe… a strong one that is." Steven said as he avoided two bots like it was nothing taking one of them and crashing it in the wave that was coming toward him, causing them all to crush in the wall on the other side smiling a little when he heard the laughter from the rest of the Avengers.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, violence, mention of character's death, character(s) death, horror elements, mention of smut (Sorry), poor everyone, and the secrets would be out, finally! All reviews are appreciated.
Steve felt like he was on the edge of another panic attack, Edith was telling him about his worst nightmare, a world where Thanos was still out there, planning, waiting, and where the Avengers are nothing but weak who still refused to fight like teammates, refused to trust in each other. This was just a recipe for a huge disaster.
"If came the next autumn solstice and you have not chosen a bride to wed, you will wed whomever the elders choose for you." Jamti stated, his heartbreaking when he saw the defeat in his friend's eyes; it made Jamti angry, it made him enrage, how an oath breaker of an Omega managed to cause his dearest friend so much pain. "You do not know, Anton, maybe you will find someone who will catch your fancy before the end of Winter!" Jamti gave his friend a weak grin, causing Anton to nod his head and return his attention toward the piece of metal that he was working on before Jamti came to tell him the news.
"I see you replaced me, huh?" Stane spoke those words through gritted teeth, grinding the said teeth when he saw the Omega give him a bored look like the person who spoke just now was unimportant in his books. That more than ever made the older Alpha bristle, ignoring the men's tugging as he glared at the Omega.
(See the end of the chapter for
Entering the attic, the Alpha scowl when he saw that the Omega was asleep and the queen's little brat was not in the room, which meant either the kid went out to play or one of the queen's people come and took him. The Alpha nearly growled as he walked toward the Omega planning on kicking him awake, because how could the Omega sleep when he already ordered him to clean the house three times?!
"You don't understand if I don't… we… we will lose…" Tony whispered these words, causing Steve to let out a sigh and close his eyes. Steve knows that Tony was scared, even if the inventor was trying to hide it, and it's within Tony's right to fear for his son and family's safety, but if Tony went through the path he chooses, there won't be any family left for him to worry about them.
Anyway, if you were wondering, Steve still possesses his pre-serum body, but with his post-serum strength!!!
"He… he usually do not notice if he is in one of his moods," Petrus said which made Anton's eyebrow twitch at the words leaving his son's mouth; it seems that his boy had been spending too much time with Magna and the foolish queen. The two of them even taught him to talk as if Anton was not in the same room as the two of them; that takes a lot of guts and courage considering that Anton can be scary if he wanted.
But then Steve met Anthony and fell in love, then he knew he was having a baby that needs him to stay strong, then his best friend returned from death, then he met Anthony once again, and the two of them made up, they made up and planned to tell their son the truth, they made up and Steve was promised a second chance, and with that second chance came in the selfishness of him wanting to live just a little bit more, just a little more to see Peter all grown up, just a little more to be with Tony and tell him that he loves him, just a little bit more, to roughhouse with Bucky and tease him about his hopeless crush on Natasha Romanov who seemed to tease and flirt with him at the same time, Steve wanted to stay just a little bit more to see Ben and May's boy, whose name will be Harley, and who will be Peter's little brother and best friend… just a little bit more…
"Yes." Tony simply said, narrowing his eyes at Steve as if excusing him of chickening out on him, which made Steve's lips twitch up into smile; it has been two years since Tony was fond, and in that time he had progressed so much with therapy and gaining himself back making everyone around him proud and happy.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I didn't mean that he gave me the formula to create the serum; he gave me the serum and told me to hide it before he disappears, God's know where." Howard rolled his eyes, giving an annoying sigh as he starts looking at his nails. "Think of it that way; now the Omega has a chance to survive the poison. Even if his chances are slim; if the Omega survived, not only will he be healthy and never suffer from any disease again, but you could even make a cure for your son, using his blood that holds the serum." Howard stated, making Tony swallow and hold back his sob from bubbling up.
Bucky looked at the Alpha before him shuffling his feet, he doesn't know how to act around Stark anymore, it was surprising to know that the Alpha that finally gains his respect was Steve's ex-Alpha, and he wondered if a day of truths will make decades of hate go away, but seeing the Alpha suffering before his eyes, crying out for his mate and child, it made Bucky swallow, because as much as Tony and him didn't deserve Steve, the Omega needed them, him and his small pup need them. "The hospital that Peter goes to was destroyed in the attack; I gathered that Steve was largely indebted to them, and he is looking for another hospital for Peter, look Stark if you don't want to pay child support I get it, but think about-" Bucky was cut from his rant by a snarling Tony who looked at Bucky like he was ready to kill him.
The name made Tony still in his place; it was a familiar name, a strange but familiar name. Tony heard it before; it was on the tip of his tongue. A familiar but a strange name he heard…
"You loved him? Tell me, Anthony, what does a child now about love? Nothing…" Howard said which made Tony take a threatening step forward which made the older Alpha contain his flinch and stand his ground.
It took them only a few minutes before reaching Fury's office, a few minutes of Tony stewing in his thoughts and trying to string alone the question he needed to confront the older man. In the back of his mind, Tony wondered if he was doing a mistake and that Fury was just like Peggy and Bucky, too invested in Steven Rogers to be of any use, which made Tony grit his teeth together at the thought.
The king looked like he swallowed something bitter as he came and took a seat on the wooden chair beside the bed; his actions only causing Steven to frown, for he doesn't want to see anyone at this moment, he still wants to find whatever sliver of peace he can achieve as he mourns the babe that died in his womb. "I came here because… I want to apologize, I-" Whatever the king wanted to say after that was cut off; he raised his eyes that widen by the second to glance at the Omega who start laughing loudly, cutting him from saying anything more.
"Tony, can you please come with me?" Steve sighed tiredly after he finished treating Bucky, looking at his husband with a look that left the man in no position to refuse. Steve really wanted to clean up and change his clothes; Bucky was kind so far as to not point out Steve's scent that mingled with come and sex, but it didn't mean that Steve wanted to smell like that when the police showed up.
"No, we broke up after Barnes got back… I don't think it's important that Rogers should be informed; he made sure to tell me he wants nothing to do with me." The last part Tony said to himself in a low voice, but nevertheless, Steven heard it and he let out a low noise that made the hair on Tony's body to stand on its ends.
He didn't know why, but today Tony really wanted to leave the house, it was probably because he was locked in his house for a month, but the Omega had made sure to wear comfortable clothes and get out, it was nothing but a pair of black jeans and a red sweater, Tony learned a long time ago that if you didn't want people to recognize you while walking down the streets then you should dress like them, the weather was cold, it was the middle of fall, but it wasn't that cold that people could only leave their houses dressed with all of the contents of their closets.
Before he dozed off, Steve shook himself and decided to end his bath, planning on going to sleep after the relaxing bath he took. Humming to himself, Steve finished drying himself and start dressing, singing a soft lullaby to his baby as he starts drying his hair as he left the bathroom.
Tony could only walk through the wasteland that was his beautiful garden, trying to hold his sobs in, whimpering a little when he saw a cat's paw sticking out of one of the small graves… and there! In the middle of all this mess was Rogers, sitting near a small hole while holding his hands together like he was praying. "What the fuck did you do?!" Tony cried out as he rushed toward the man who was lowering a small box in the small grave in front of him.
Even his friends who were shocked about Howard finally showed up, couldn't help but laugh when he and Sarah start trying to one-up each other to be Peter's favorite; the little brat seemed to be enjoying it, which was good. Peter had pout for a whole hour when he realized that Harley couldn't come with them to their outing, he nearly starts crying about how unfair it was, only calming down when Steve promised him that they all could take Harley to the movies next week, all of them even Tony, so he could finally meet the boy who seemed to be Peter's best friend.
"I said leave Steve! He is mine!" Natasha snapped, taking his 'Huh' differently than what Tony meant it, which only pointed to Tony and informed him that Natasha hasn't seen herself in the mirror recently, which Tony doesn't know if it was a blessing or a curse.
Waking up, Steven had to gasp in pain, looking around the place he was in, blinking his eyes tiredly when he was met with endless dark blues with white dotes, which made Steven tilt his head as much as he can while laying on whatever hard surface he had the unpleasant luck of lying on.
(See the end of the chapter for
Waking up, Tony shiver to himself and burrow into the blanket surrounding him that more than ever made Tony wake up fast because he was sure as hell didn't have a blanket on the boat with him. waking up, Tony glance around him in confusion, wondering how he was sleeping on the couch with the warmest blanket surrounding him, when he was so sure that he slept on the boat in the middle of the lake, with no one beside him to get him home.
"Hey little one, can you be brave and look at me?" Steve whispered in the child's ear, making the pup raise his head to look at the older man, it made Steve smile a little and caress his burning forehead. "Listen here little one, I need you to be brave for your Mama, can you do that? Can you go with these good people?" Steve asked making the pup whine at that.
Clint, on the other hand, wanted to learn about what his counterpart in Steve's universe was up to, it made Steve smile a little as he remembered Clint who was managing the orphanage in his farm. Steve always laugh when Clint flutter around his bed asking questions after questions like if he mated with someone, or if he had kids, or if he was still the best archer in the whole world, it made Steve grateful that Clint was this cheerful in every universe.
Ohhhhh… Tony is crushing on Steve, ;)
"That still does not explain why you are beside my bed, foolish king," Steven stated dryly, not even reacting when all he got from the king was an eye roll as the king put the scroll away, probably in the attempt to protect it if this friendly chat turned into a fight, which it would, all of Steven and the king's interactions ended up that way. Steven though was too tired to start their normal insults that will spark the fire of their fight.
He needed to find his Omega and explain everything to him, tell him about what Howard did, plead with him to understand, kiss his feet in hope of him understanding, Tony will do everything, absolutely everything to gain Steve's forgiveness, and be granted the chance to meet his pup… his pup, Tony has a child. The Alpha let a small laugh at that, a child that would look like a small version of his mate, a little pup who was witty as his mother, a little artist or a little inventor. Tony took a shaky breath, his mind was a jumbling mess, and his heart was pounding so hard, Tony thought he was going to have a heart attack very soon, but Tony couldn't help noticing that for the first time in so many years…
"Don't cry, baby, please don't cry. Do you want some milk?" At that question, Morgan's cries get louder making Tony flinch and let out a tired sigh, bouncing his baby gently as he looked around the place trying to find a way to calm his baby. "OK, what about a little bit of fresh air? Daddy really needs fresh air right now or he will start crying too." Tony let out a tired groan as he went to the front door, hoping that he will find Natasha or Peggy outside on one of their 'Surprise' visits.
Finally an update!
The plan Tony has in mind was simple, or it would be if Tony made sure that no one will follow him, but knowing the town well enough; Tony counted that at least two to three people will be watching every step he took, which will increase his chance of seeing either Peggy or Bucky today. The plan was simple if Tony had to say; he knew that after Rhodey went to the town hall to ask about the Rogers family, no doubt Tony was being watched by the town; call it paranoia, but Tony knew that something was going on in this strange town and their lake monster. To keep his daughter safe it meant that Tony has to shed away the ignorance he decided to live in.
"What's… what's his name?" Tony finally dared to ask, shaking in his place, wondering what kind of name that the Parkers choose for his baby, did they think about the name for a whole year like Tony? Going from baby book to baby book, walking nervously in his place as he wonders what kind of name his pup would like? Did they hold the babe gently in their arms as they whispered his name for him? Just like Tony always imagined doing.
Finally an update and a fluffy one at that!
"Doom…" Steven asked already feeling the disappointment swelling inside of him, and here he thought that Hydra finally decided to reveal themselves, but who was Steven kidding, he knows that Pierce is too careful about going out public without project 'Insight' being complete, which won't be considering that Peggy was in on their plans now, though he can feel the confusion on the Avengers' faces at that name, guess that this was the first time that Doom attacked them then.
As much as Tony wanted to explain everything to Winnie, he was too workedup to even react rationally, dealing with Sarah Rogers, was heartbreaking and painful, especially when he used to consider the woman as a family, but until she got her act together, Tony was left with nothing but trying to handle the collateral damage that was heading his way. With a nod of goodbye to Winnie, Tony marched out of the house, trying not to let the weight of the world dragging him down until he reached his house…
So after checking if he was injured and discovering that he has survived by a miracle, and the only thing he got was a small concussion and a sprained wrist, Tony nearly hooted in triumph (His luck didn't leave him after all, it just held back for this occasion!) in the end, Tony checked on his suit once more before standing up and leaving it behind, he was tired from dragging that thing with him since last night, so he decided to leave it and check the crater out.
Steve still remembers how happy he felt that day, when Tony, an Alpha, just compliments him for the sake of telling him that he was beautiful, and not because he planned on getting in his pants. Reading these words once more made longing envelope Steve; it had been such a long time since Tony and Steve had a time for themselves.
Finding Betty was not that hard, but leaving Steve and Peter with her put him on edge, he knows that his friend is going to handle everything, after all, she a high demanded therapist and the best out there, he knows that if anyone was going to be able to help Peter it would be her, but what made him fidgety was leaving Peter and Steve alone, but he knows that the Alpha has a lot of private information to share with only his therapist, so in the end, he sighed and left them alone heading for the children's section, ever since Tony starts founding the clinic, the place flourish, it was bigger for once, and for another, they opened an orphanage for traumatized children, Tony spent nearly all of his time in the children's section, getting to know the children and was happy that he was even able to help a few.
"You found a hidden door?" Rhodey questioned in a shocked voice. "Where does it lead? Hey, Tony don't you dare go in there, Tony!" Rhodey grunts and curses under his breath when Tony crawled through the hidden door in the closet. Getting inside the dark room on the other side, Tony frown at how dark it was. "Here!" Rhodey called, offering Tony a flashlight, which made Tony grin, Rhodey was so considerate and prepared; now Tony knew why Pepper agreed to go out with him.
Sorry for the long absence, exams suck, but guess what? I wrote this long chapter as an apology!
That thought made Tony pause and blink his eyes, it made him hum as he returned and snuggle in his bed pulling his baby toward his chest, making the pup give a cute snort and bring his thump to his mouth intending to suck on it, but Tony chuckles as he pulled the baby's hand away kissing his forehead.
"Cool! Mommy said that Daddy was half an Italian, though Mommy also said I'm Irish because I am half an Irish. After all, he is an Irish though, and I'm only quarter Italian, and that's cool because then I wouldn't be boring like my friends who are one hundred percent Americans." The pup rambled which made Maria smile at that a little and let out a small laugh when the blond Omega shook his head and sighed.
The Alpha couldn't wait for the next month, he couldn't wait four weeks to inform Peter that he was his real father and that he has missed him like he had missed a limb that was taken forcefully from him, just the thought of holding the small boy in his arms and for the boy to call him 'Daddy' made his heart nearly fly in joy, breaking the kiss, Tony dived for another one and another until the two of them left standing breathlessly in the kitchen, gazing at each other's eyes. "Thank you…" Tony finally gained his voice to whisper those words, which got him a gentle smile from his Omega… his, Steve was finally his… it made Tony wonder what his Omega will do when Tony informs him of the plan he had hatched years and years ago, will the Omega and his child come with him on a long-needed vacation if the two of them realized that Tony still kept the safe houses he bought for them, especially that house in Ireland the late Sarah Rogers always talked about, her family's house, that he was finally able to buy after he returns from Afghanistan, he wondered what Steve will do when Tony tell him about the house.
"Oh my God…" Steven heard the whispers of excitement behind him, which made him hum a little at that, the doors to the palace were suddenly opened, and when everyone entered the palace the saw no one behind the doors, which made their eyes widen a little when the candles were light by their own.
" Steven's voice cracked and broke as he spoke these few words, probably because of him never talking with anyone; that thought made a sad smile take over Tony's face as he kneeled down on the deck, gazing at the once feared monster with a soft look.
After a year of absence, the Starks and Peggy appeared once again, it caused a scandal… especially when they accuse Alexander Pierce the head of the 'World Security Council' of being one of Hydra's leaders… the evidence they showed everyone… and the president… having a crush on Captain America… you can say Pierce went into Shield custody to get interrogated and imprisoned.
Steve gazed at the stars above with a lost expression dominating his face. Steve didn't know what to do after what he saw in Tony's workshop; part of Steve refused to believe what he witnessed, even when he saw the truth with his own eyes. Today started as a good day, or Steve hoped it was going to be a good day, Steve even hoped that he will be able to see Tony after a week of the inventor holing himself in his workshop to work on something that no one seemed to know what it was… until now that is.
"The police are already on their way, and I would really love to see you trying to get away with explaining to Natasha why you are here when you shouldn't," Clint started with narrow eyes, causing Peggy to huff and raised her head high before turning around and walking away.
Steve knew that stress wasn't good for both him and the baby, Steve knew he should take more care of himself for the baby in his tummy; the thing was it was hard, it was so, so hard, especially with Tony seemingly ignoring that he existed. Steve wondered for a second what would have happened if he kept his mouth shut; what would Tony do if Steve never pointed out his absence? If Steve let the older man be... if Steve just shut his mouth and let Tony do what he wanted until everything returned back to how it was.
"We are here." Tony said, pointing to an empty space in the parking lot, which Steve went to gladly and parked the car, everyone starts heading toward the clinic when Steve secured the car, Peter chattering with Tony as he skipped beside the Omega, which made the young man chuckled at that and nods his head to show the pup that he is interested. "Hello, Darcy." Tony called as he entered the clinic, waving happily to the receptionist, which made the woman squeal happily as she called his name.
Sitting on the boat, the creature looked around the place curiously, puffs of breath leaving him, painting the air in front of him white; the creature ended up letting a huff of annoyance when he didn't see any interesting thing on the boat other than the sleeping boy, even the oars; looking around the place, he saw them floating far away from the boat, there wasn't even a warm blanket he can use to dry the water soaking him and the place he was sitting on.
When Tony saw no one in the hall he was in, he turned to the door, Tony's breath hitched when he noticed that the door wasn't locked; this was a trick, Tony was sure, after all, no one wanted their secret to be exposed, least of all this town, Tony was sure this was a trick to expose and catch him, after all, who will put the DIY section near the archives? Tony paused, looking at his daughter, his baby was sleeping contently, unaware of the horror that was stalking them, trying to sink its claws in.
Happy on the other hand… well he was happy when he learned about the news, stating that should Tony need anything and I meant anything at all, he should call him right away, Tony was happy about that and thanked the older Beta for his offer for assistance. As for Tony and Pepper, they talked about what was Tony going to do when the baby comes, Tony told Pepper that he wanted to move out of his penthouse in Manhattan, that he didn't feel welcome here anymore, that he was tired of this place and he wanted a safe place for his baby when everything was over. That made Pepper pause and get a map out of her small library, the two of them spent two weeks looking through the map and houses for sales until they agreed on Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. Tony never felt so happy buying something when he bought the house in Bay Ridge, he met a few of the neighbors, and they were all acceptant and fun, they never made him felt out of place for being a pregnant and single Omega… He knew deep down that the baby would love this place. Pepper and Happy promised to help him move into the house before October 31, so that Tony can start the suburban life of giving candies to kids on Halloween. Tony never laughed as much as he did, when Pepper volunteer to dress as a whale instead of Tony.
"I said can I help you, Ma'am?" Tony scowled as he gazed at the woman, daring her to do something or even say anything that Tony didn't ask of her, how dare she act like this? Scowling and ordering him around as if he was a maid in his own home.
"Don't act surprised Tony, you and Bruce were the one who invented the first time machine," Steve said as he starts checking his body humming as he saw that most of his injuries had healed.
The only sound that could be heard in the room was gasps as both Tony and Steve tried to regain themselves, shivering now and then as the pleasure course through their bodies. Tony couldn't help but mewl softly when Steve turns around on his back and placing him on his chest, causing Tony to sigh contently and snuggle to his Alpha. Tony then started purring softly as he felt Steve's hand running throw his hair gently whispering how beautiful and brave Tony was and how he loved him more than anything in the world, that action made Tony flush happily and snuggle to his Alpha, even more, his purring increasing when he felt a warm blanket over him.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of sadness, feelings, a little bit of violence, a lot of fluff, smut! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
(See the end of the chapter for
That made him determined, and he always made sure to shine brightly when Anton was looking at the sky, mainly to inform him that he was not alone… no one deserves to be alone. So shining he did, and Anton seemed to have the knack of knowing where he was, sometimes he will find another spot to shine in and Anton will know that it was him! The old man will just turn to him with a smile and laughter hidden in his eyes.
Closed the door to the workshop behind him, wondering where he was going to find Steven when the Omega could have gone anywhere. Normally, the Omega would spend most, if not all of his time with his people, teaching them the Norse customs and language, helping them with work, and gaining many stunned and surprise stares at how a supposedly spoiled Omega queen worked low paying jobs to help his people (If only they knew what the queen was capable of) other times if the Omega was not with his people than he was here and that was mainly to stop Anton from complaining about Petrus following the Omega and to keep an appearance of peace between Anton, the queen's people, and Asgard.
"Shush now, Buck, I told you my treat, do you really wanna say no and leave me alone? Do you have it in your heart to cause a pregnant Omega to cry?" Steve asked with wide eyes, causing the Alpha to snap his mouth shut, and to Steve amusement, Bucky was pouting, his pout lasted even when Steve was going through the clothes, he managed to get Bucky a lot of shirts he seemed to be comfortable with, a few pair of jeans, a few formal button-down shirts and a lot of underwear and shorts and few other things that he thought the Alpha will need, and that was only the first shop they went in, which made him thankful about the shop offering to deliver their purchases for them, it meant that Steve will have a lot of time taking Bucky to other shops.
"You may not know that… but I wish I knew what going to therapy meant earlier, but I spent the last year seeing a therapist hoping to prove that I'm not crazy, it's not something that you should be ashamed of, no, it only meant that you are strong for seeking help when you know you need it, don't let other people's opinions destroy the chance for recovering Tony, I know you are stronger than this…" Steve raised the Omega's head to look at him, at first the Omega didn't want to look at the Alpha, but he then let a sigh and turns to the older man.
It made Steve's blood pound in his vines in anger at the thought of Steven loving anyone but Bucky, after all, how blind can he be to ignore the only person who ever loved him before and after the serum? It made Steve angry, and he was grateful that he wasn't in the same room as that man right now. Everyone talked about how Steve should move on, but how can he? It was only a year since he lost the love of his life, only a year since the war stopped, only a year while everyone counted seventy years and added it to Steve's life without his consent.
"They seem like good people…" Howard started, getting a happy laugh from Tony as his son stood up, taking the rest of the plate with him putting them in the dishwasher after cleaning them; it was only a few minutes before Tony was back, two mugs of steaming coffee in his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
You know, I planned for the end of the fic to be a pure horror or something of that sort, but the last chapter had a mind of its own and turn into a fluff… unbelievable…
Slowly, so slowly, Tony turned toward the source of the sound; his heart was pounding in his chest uncontrollably. The sight in front of Tony froze him in his place, locking his knees together and gaining a choked noise from him, his eyes widening even more at the sight in front of him, part of his mind refuses to believe what was talking a place not a few meters away from him.
"H-Howard Stark?" Ben squeaked as he looked around the place fearing some special agents are going to break into the house and threaten them with guns or something, knowing Steve, the Omega never lies about what he said, and if he said he punched Howard Stark than that meant he punched Howard Stark. "What did he do? But most importantly how do you know him?" Ben dared to ask already fearing the answer to that question.
So what do you think?
"I… I am sorry; I should have been there…" Margaret's voice cracked, which caused Steven to close his eyes trying to stop the pain from entering his heart and hurting him even more, when Steven was able to collect his barriers he smiled at Margaret, even when he was feeling like he was dying on the inside for what he was going to say next.
For everyone who gets confused by everyone's age.
So what do you think?
Fury narrowed his eyes at the sight in front of him; the Alpha doesn't know if he should laugh at the scandal that took place in front of him or croon at the triumph he was feeling when he was proven right and that the Stone clan did hide something. Fury was not usually this expressive with his feelings, but the Alpha and the Stone clan had a long history of disagreeing on many things, and one of them was the king's bonding within one of their clan.
A choked sound left Tony and the Omega nearly jumped from his place when the door opened and Steve, yes, his blurry vision spotted Steve, looked at him with shocked wide eyes. "Tony…" Steve whispered which made the room behind him get quiet and for aunt Peggy and his father to rush out of the office to gaze at him with wide eyes, wondering how much did he hear, the gentle hand that was extended to him by Steve snapped Tony back and the Omega sprint toward his lab ignoring his family calling for him, wanting to forget this nightmare and just go toward his safe heaven.
"Was I an inventor? Oh, oh! What was my rule in Athens? Was I married? Did I have kids? Tell me, tell me, tell me!" Tony whined as he held into Steven's hand, only getting an eye roll from the star who detached himself from Tony in a will practice move that Tony was sure Bucky taught him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Was it a dream?" Tony asked the empty room, hoping that the answer will show up out of nowhere and point to him how he ended up sleeping on his couch, covered in a warm fluffy blanket, while the fireplace had woods and fire burning in it, which he was sure wasn't his doing. "Is it the lake monster?" Tony asked himself this time, gazing around the place letting out a snort, a smile taking over his face as he borrowed in the blanket more, gazing at the fire with wonder in his eyes. "He doesn't sound like a bad creature…" Tony muttered to himself, one of his hands going toward his belly and caressing it, taking comfort in the fact that his baby was there with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a surprise, Tony was going to admit, a pleasant surprise. At first Tony didn't know what to do about Steve glowing while sitting beside him; literally glowing, not like the metaphor you tell someone to inform them of how good they look. Oh, no, Steve was practically glowing. It was a surprise, seeing the faint light enclosing Steve like a halo, a protective Shield surrounding the blond. It nearly made Tony point out to Steve that he was glowing like a nightlight, thinking that maybe Steve will turn flustered when he realized what he was doing.
"I couldn't do it, not without you." Tony stated, making Steve feeling a little flush with embarrassment and pleasure, Tony was always so considerate when he decided to drop the mask he protects himself with; the Alpha was so sweet, and Steve wanted to kiss him like his life depended on it.
"Calm down! Goddammit, Tony!" Tony heard a familiar voice snapping at him, which caused Tony to stop in his place before throwing the book in his hand; calming down a little, Tony shake in his place when he saw the shadows that were standing in front of him not a few seconds ago melt away, and in their places stood Bucky and Peggy, both of them looked worried and a little shocked, Peggy more than Bucky as her eyes darted around the place looking at the playroom in shock and confusion. "Are you calm now?" Bucky asked and Tony couldn't help it, he finally snapped.
"I'm so tired, Steve, so, so tired…" Tony whispered tiredly, hiding his face in the Alpha's neck, shivering when the Alpha kissed his forehead, causing him to let out a shaky sigh as he let the Alpha's comforting scent surround him, his muscle relaxing in the Alpha's embrace.
Silence took over, and Tony nearly let out a scream when he saw the doubt in Natasha and Clint's eyes, even Bruce was looking uncomfortable like he didn't know if he can believe Tony or not, which nearly caused Tony to break down in tears. "I shall return to Asgard as fast as I can, Brother Stark; I talked with Heimdall, and he said that the Bifrost can allow one person for the journey to Asgard." Thor said in a choked voice causing everyone to turn to the prince, shifting in their places as Thor's face starts paling as seconds pass. "You… you are blessed Brother Stark; you are the first person other than my mother who is able to hear the stars." Thor stated, taking a deep breath as he tried to calm himself down.
That's why you will find Tony searching the whole tower trying to find his own son now of all the time just because Tony finally noticed that Peter was missing when he didn't show up for lunch. Peggy and Bucky were at S.H.I.E.L.D., Clint and Natasha were away on a mission, which left only Bruce who was in the labs, Steve who was asleep in his own room (Hopefully), Tony who was searching for his son.
"Well, that's not something new, we all know that Stark is one lucky mother-ouch! What the hell Nat?" Clint whine as he nursed the sore spot he gained from Natasha's elbow jabbing in his ribs before letting go, the redhead on the other hand send Clint a death glare promising him death and pain if he cursed in front of Peter once more, it was reassuring, Natasha being protective of Peter that is, it made Tony relax a little.
which is a little concerning) stood to object about the wedding; hell! Even Loki was there and Tony didn't know from where the man dropped on them, especially after Steve was done with him by throwing him to the zombies. Wait! Was that Fury standing near General Ross? Didn't he die or something? What were those two doing in his wedding uninvited?
Ever since what happened two weeks ago, not only Steve and his life was in an uproar, but his friends and part of the world too; ever since that day, he and Peter moved on in the Avengers tower, not only for their safety but because his mate and best friend dragged him and Peter here, without giving him a say in the matter, only allowing him a few minutes to pack what he and Peter needed before they were rushed to the tower, where they are staying with the rest of the Avengers team.
"Calm the fuck down Steve! What the fuck is wrong with you? He came here to say sorry, he didn't mean it, it was not his fault that he was held late, you are overacting!" Bucky said which only caused Steve's face to become dark at that and a growl to leave him causing Bucky to back away.
It was hard, Tony discovered later as he spent the last hour trying to calm the pup getting desperate a little and nearly calling Steve, but the pup calmed down eventually and ended up sleeping in Tony's embrace which made the Omega sigh to himself as he tried to calm himself down a little when he sat on the living room's sofa with the small pup in his arms refusing to let go.
Reaching the police station, Tony finally let out a sigh, wondering how much time he was going to have with Fury before Peggy and Bucky decided to interfere; Tony hoped that he would have enough time to decide what he was going to do with his future. "I am here to see Fury," Tony said as soon as he saw Carol, Tony could only glare at the woman especially when the only thing she did was blink and look at him strangely.
Reaching his room, Tony gazed at the mirror with shocked eyes, taking his body it, there was no blood, no wounds, no scraps that he got when Ty throw him on the ground, what greeted him was miles and miles of healthy glowing skin, no wound or even his old scars surrounding it, not even the dark bags under his eyes.
"Well, Harley only starts getting better after Peter and him made friends; if you only could see them, the two of them are attached at the hips." Betty gave a chuckle as she crosses her arms her face becoming soft as she remembered. "Oh, Harley seemed to warm up to Steve too; after Peter introduced him to Harley, it seemed that your husband became attached to the boy, same as Harley, the boy only talk with Steve and Peter, sometimes me if I was lucky." Betty shook her head turning to the source of screaming to see Bucky chasing the kids, causing them to shriek and laugh as they tried to get away from him.
"Do not feel like this; I never wanted the child in the first place." Steven said, feeling like he was forced to drink poison after saying those words with how bitter they felt while leaving his mouth. "What happened to those who attacked me?" Steven finally asked, planning on going after them and killing them one after the other, ignoring the laws of this village if it meant getting his vengeance and pride back.
"Everything…" Tony started, biting his lower lips as he held his baby tightly, wondering if the truth he was after was going to do him any good. "Anything, starting with you telling me what's Steven Rogers's relation with my baby, what did he do to her?" Tony asked, fear taking hold of him at the thought of the nagging suspicion of Morgan not being his being confirm; Tony can't handle it if Morgan turns out to be not his daughter, he was going to lose it, he was going to lose it and he doesn't know how he was going to handle the fallout.
Tony glanced at Harley, wanting to see the boy's reaction to the news, what Tony didn't expect to see was the trembling lips and the clenched fists in his lap as the boy tried to hide. "Harley, sweetheart, is something wrong?" Tony asked, passing Peter to Steve before standing up, going toward the boy who nearly flinched when Tony came near him.
?" Tony asked, from the tone of his voice the man was defiantly frowning, something that Steve doesn't want him to do.
"Marrried, don't make me laugh, sveethearrrt, both you and I knew zat yourrr marrriage is nothing but a sham. Do you vant to know what yourrr husband has been doing all zose months ago, neglecting you and yourrr kid? He has been banging his assistant in zat penthouse forrr months now, leaving you prrregnant and alone." The cruel laugh that followed that statement made Steve bite his lips hard, trying not to let those cruel words affecting him. "Yourrr husband doesn't love you, forrr him you verrre just toy he played vith until his prrrecious Pepper Potts kool down and forrrgave him forrr another mistake he made; he vould leave you, doll, his Daddy alrrready orrrderrred him to divorrrce you and marrry Miss Potts. I hearrrd zat separrration paperrrs should arrrive today orrr tomorrrow." Steve's tears couldn't help but fall faster at those words, he was too scared to fight with the man and deny what Steve knew was happening for months now.
" Peter's cry was it, it was what made Steve growl deep inside his mind and snap.
25-Er honum leyfilegt að hlaupa frjáls eftir það sem hann gerði? -Is he allowed to run free after what he did?
Gasps echoed from the king's subjects, while the surrounding Vikings sneered in agreement in the same foreign tongue. Steven felt his friends shiver in fear and huddle closer to him.
"Margaret." He nodded to the brown-haired woman, acknowledging her, which made the woman smile happily and walk to him taking the brush from his hand, and run it gently on his hair, humming under her breath. "How is James?" His heart flutter at that name, a happy smile taking over his face, mirrored by his companion, as she stopped her brushing and starts braiding his hair like how he loved doing, instead of the normal fashion of holding it high in a bun.
"Thinking about Peter…" Tony answer after he swallowed the mouthful of French toast that Steve fed him. His answer made Steve's eyes soften and the Alpha lean to kiss Tony's brow, causing the Omega to let another purr; God, Tony had to find a way to stop purring every time Steve was going to do something sweet as this.
"Oh, baby, I know you are not lying." Tony started gently as he came to Steve and pulled him in a hug, making the Omega hide his face in his Alpha's neck as he tried to stop his sobs. "You probably had a bad dream and everything got mixed, though, James still didn't have to be so insensitive about it, but what can I say, he has the emotional capability of a cactus, I can't really blame him; tell you what, honey, why don't the two of us spend the day in bed? I already called in and took the day off, just for you, we can do anything you want, even if you want to catch up on those awful art documentaries." Tony whispered softly, wiping Steve's tears as the Omega sniffled and tried to calm down.
"Buck." Steve acknowledged Bucky as he got out of the shadows, giving a small tired smile; Steve can feel Bucky's eyes studying him, searching for any injuries that he might sustain, or if the damage from the holy water was still there, when Bucky didn't find anything, he gave a large smile, latching into Steve right arm and pulling him alone, making Steve give an internal sigh before following his best friend, as much as he loved Bucky, he just wanted to sulk alone for now.
… that was the only thing Tony's terrified mind could come up with…
A Viking said pulling the king and Steven's gaze toward the people who were huddling together away from everyone, looking at the queen in confusion and fear, making the king hum at that and turn his eyes to Steven and his child.
Another part of Tony told him that the two of them were obviously acting once more, it wasn't strange that the two of them would, it wasn't the first time nor would it be the last time with those two lying to him like that. Tony though, shook his head at that thought, even if they were acting, their eyes would have exposed them, their eyes would probably dart around the place, wondering what happened and from where that blood was, wondering if Tony was killed or he had killed someone. Their eyes were too calm for people who can see the destruction in his house.
"Uncle Bucky…?" The pup… Peter asked which made Bucky kneel in front of him and nod his head making the child's eyes sparkle and the pup ends up throwing himself at the man hugging Bucky when the Alpha opened his arms. All the while Bucky was shaking on the inside as he smelled the scent of sickness coming from the pup, Steve's teary eyes was enough for him to hold his questions in for another time, it was not the right time, not when the pup was nuzzling his neck, touching his shoulder-length hair with fascination…
That was funny and sweet, but when Tony is seven months and wasn't allowed to do even the more boring work, it started to get annoying. Though, Tony doesn't blame his family for their overprotectiveness, especially, when Tony was a nerve wreck at the beginning of his pregnancy.
"So what brought you to this neck of the woods, Mr. Carbonell?" Mrs. Carter asked after a while of driving which made Tony, who was looking outside of the window trying to memorize the way, blink and turn to the woman, giving her a small smile as he returned his gaze outside.
Steve doesn't know how much time passed; he was unaware of the time passing, with how happy and content and warm he was. The loud shrieking noise that greeted Steve after a while of calmness made him tense in his sleep, he wanted to wake up, wake up, wake up! But his body refuses to do what he orders it. "
not the one who destroyed it years ago?" The woman asked in a false innocent, and Steven's heart dropped at her words, especially when she leans toward him to stare in his eyes. "Tell me, what does it feel like to be the reason of our people being killed?" The woman spat, her words attracting the attention of James who frown at the Alpha who was looking at his mother strangely which made the pup let out a hiss, causing the woman to snort at that and roll her eyes. "I am sure if you followed the river in the forest you will reach what left of your husband's pleasant surprise." The woman then turned around and start walking away, ignoring Steven who was too frozen in his place to react.
"Oh, my! Look at the time, I am late for my meeting with Sarah, you two have fun!" Winnie said as she left them together, not before throwing one last glare at her son who groans at his mother.
The reason for Steve's suffering and pain, the egoistic Merchant of Death, the object of Steve's hatred… Steve wished with all of his heart that it went another way that Bucky just ran and left that Alpha to die, but knowing that jerk, he will stand between the missile and Stark if it meant that he will protect someone.
"Got moving you, runt!" One of the men shouted as he pushed the pup hard, making him fall to the ground only to stand up and bite the man's hand, which made the man backhanded the pup, something that Steven never saw anyone do, considering that most people fear hurting their kings' children least their punishment was death.
But loving Steve wasn't like they told him, loving him was like feeling warmth surrounding him, like a warm blanket around him with a cup of a hot chocolate as he gazed at the snow outside with a smile, loving Steve was like returning home, after being away for a very, very long time…
"I see; why don't we eat dinner? We can watch a boring movie later where you can fall asleep without Bucky making a fuss about you sleeping too much." Peggy smiled as she starts walking toward the kitchen, Tony still in her arm and a pie in the other hand, Bucky when he caught the sight of them shook his head in amusement with a smile on his lips. Tony couldn't help but feel warm at the way Peggy and Bucky always treat him, his heart pounded in his chest at the affection shining in the looks the two of them send to him…
After two months of searching, Anthony finally received a letter from Steve, the Alpha's heart nearly dance in joy as he starts opening the letter, thinking that Steve will finally be back, that he finally back for Anthony. It ends with Anthony sobbing his eyes out after reading the letter, he was told many things in it, but the most important one was that Anthony was a poor excuse of an Alpha, that he was weak, that he will never achieve anything in his life acting like he is now. It ends with Anthony ripping the letter and scream and shouts and break things, it ends up with him looking at his face in the mirror and growl in hate and it ends up with him breaking the mirror with his fist and snarl.
Steven bite the inside of his cheek as he heard the Alpha's words, as much as he hated himself for thinking about the deal for even a second, a part of him couldn't stop a traitorous thought from entering his head, he could finally return home, he could finally see his village after years, he could finally see him! And he will finally raise his son without a fear, enjoying their life with no Alpha to order them around. Steven pursed his lips and turns his back to the Alpha, walking toward the small pup that was awake and looking at the exchange that happened between the Alpha and the Omega clutching the blanket tightly in his small arms. "What do you think, James?" The Omega smiled a little at the pup, saying his words loudly as he looked at the Alpha with a glare in his eyes.
Suddenly Tony straighten himself fast, if he remembered correct then there were some pictures of his baby in this envelope, that nearly made Tony whine, as he held the envelope with shaky hands, wondering if he should open it or not, wondering what he would see if he opened it.
"The thing is you don't have to! Working three jobs isn't healthy for you, nor is it healthy for Peter when you only see him once a week for a few hours! What if something happened to you, what would happen to Peter then?" Tony plea with the Omega which made the blond hiss at him, clenching his fist on the inhaler to stop himself from throwing it at Tony's head, which was hard not to do. "Please, if not for yourself then think about Peter, please." Tony plea which made the Omega sigh and runs his head through his hair.
," Steven stated, his lips twitching into a soft smile when he saw the relief in the older man's eye. "Last time we saw you, my mother threatened you with castration if you died in the sea… it is a relief that you ended up heeding her words." Steven offered, his words banishing the last of the Alpha's doubts and causing a smile to twitch on the Alpha's lips.
"Bored, Mama, the mentors the king appointed gave me a thousand books to read!" James tried to say his words like a grown-up adult as best as he can, something that always made Steven's heart shrivel in his chest, mainly because his child was forced to act like an adult before his time, not allowed to play and enjoy his life, imprisoned in his house, not allowed to go outside until he was sent for war… Steven's eyes traced the scar on his son's eyebrow, a scar he gains when he was only four years old, going up and down the stairs to try and amuse himself, having endless energy and not allowed to play… the slap that Johann gave his baby when he found him still echo in Steven's mind every time he closed his eyes, his child never dared to try and play after that, only spent his days with the mentors the king brought.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing; darkness, horror elements, creepiness, torture, fluff, kissing, Steve and Tony are so in love! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
The creature swam around the boat, planning to see the boy's face, maybe even make him explain why he was in his water when he was clearly unwelcome, like many before him that the creature kicked out of his land. A confused chirp left the creature's mouth when he saw the boy in question was asleep; was the boy really this stupid to sleep on a boat in the middle of the lake where he can be flipped over and drown any minute now?
"Oh my God! May I am so happy for you!" Steve laughed happily as he went to hug the Beta, getting a tight hug, and a small laugh in return as the woman pulled him tightly toward her. "So when I am going to see my nephew?" Steve asked teasingly as he let go of May, a huge grin taking over his face as he looked at the woman who was glowing with happiness.
Today though, Tony was not going to be a spoilsport about his family watching him like a hawk, he is just going to smile and have fun and spoil both of his babies… especially with it being Peter's birthday, the pup has finally become eleven years old! Just thinking about his baby growing up caused both happiness and sadness to take hold of him. Happiness because his baby was growing up healthy, happy, and loved by his parents, siblings, and friends; sadness because his baby would end up leaving their home when he is all grown up.
They were going into the van when Steve heard it, that melodic voice screaming in his ear… it made Steve lost his footing and trip to fall on his knees, Steve could hear Natasha and Clint's screaming behind him, and when he turned around to calm them down… he saw a bolt lodged in the wall behind him, it would have pierced his forehead if he didn't trip. Steve raised his head to look at the roof the bolt came from only to see a shadowy figure… Steve starts chasing him after that…
Steve paused in his place, not knowing what to do when Bucky's lips made a connection with his, and maybe secretly he hoped he will be able to feel something, anything, that will discourage him from doing what he was thinking of doing, but sadly, there was nothing. Kissing Bucky was like kissing a family; just like the time Wednesday kissed him on the cheek so she could tie his hands up, it made him warm, yes, but other than that, nothing. Steve pulled away with a soft frown, causing Bucky to scuff his shoes and sigh.
Edith's voice made Steve sigh a little and lie on the bed under him thinking. "Edith, cross-reference to major events that happened in this timeline," Steve said thinking about what he was going to do that he was now in the past, maybe build another time machine to go back to the future, but wouldn't that change the timeline of this universe? Just thinking about that made his head hurt.
The kiss lasted only for a few short seconds, but for Tony, it lasted a lifetime… a lifetime of shock and terror... On one hand, Tony was kissed by a hot dude, on the other hand, that dude turned out to be an Addams, so for Tony, it was justified that he was terrified of what took a place just now. "You taste like blueberries," Steve stated as he licked his lips, the feral grin was still pasted on his stupid (Handsome) face. And just like Steve appeared out of thin air, he disappeared in thin air too, leaving Tony doing this stupid wheel pose, staring at the place Steve was in not a few Nano-seconds ago…
The four of them got in the car in the evening heading home, with Tony holding into Peter's tightly, focusing on his excited chatters, trying to chase away the ghosts that Dr. Ross brought back to life. "And then we colored!" Peter said happily waving his hands in excitement which made Tony smile at the boy kissing his forehead and inhaling deeply taking his pup's comforting scent. "Look, Mama, Papa help me with drawing!" Peter said as he showed Tony the picture he draws with a happy grin on his face. "Dis is me, you, Papa, grandpa, grandma, Aunt Peggy, and Ang and Nat! And there is Jarvis and Goose!" Peter said as he pointed at the childish drawing, causing Tony to smile at that.
"Believe me, Peggy, if I told him, he would have marched toward Shield and start screaming on top of his lungs about Hydra and him knowing that they hide in there… it would be a nightmare, and let's not forget about how you and everyone else would have had a target painted on your backs… besides, I don't want them to send the soldier, if he failed, they will hurt him and I can't have that." Steven said with a pained voice which made Peggy swallow and nods her head, which made Steven give her a tired smile in return, but she can see how grateful he was all the same…
"Hey, Steve…" Tony clenched the rag in his hands, the two adults were in the kitchen, cleaning after the breakfast that Steve spent embarrassing Tony in front of his son, but to be honest, it was the most warmth and heartfelt breakfast that Tony ever had in his life, filled with his son and mate's laughter as they exchanged old stories and start planning for new ones, and for the first time in Tony's life, he knew what it was like to have a beautiful family to return to after work, knew what it felt like to hold on his son tightly in his arms and gave him reassurance when the sickness threat to take him away from them, knew that it was like to hold into Steve as they brave on the road that was filled with darkness and doubt, and Tony… the Alpha doesn't want this to be a one-time thing only… he wanted to stay with his family, forever and ever, but to do that, he has to hope that Steve will inform their Peter about his real parentage, something that Tony wished for, with all of his heart, he wanted his baby boy to look at him and call him father, he didn't want his son to turn to him and call him 'Mr. Stark' like the two of them were nothing but strangers on the street. "Do you ever think that you will tell Peter who I truly am?" Tony finally dared to ask, being thankful that their son was at May's house, as the woman came to take Peter to give Steve a little alone time with Tony, but the woman didn't go until after she gave Tony the stinky eye making him feel even lower than he already was.
"It has been three weeks since the day all lives in the world ended…" Tony hissed as he looked at the camera in front of him, already planning his counter-attack still remembers what it felt like to be chased by that stupid Rogers-Addams freak, and to be honest, Tony was about to snap. "I had to do a serious modification to my lab to stop that monster from coming here ever again!" Dum-E could be heard in the background, putting the cute fluffy toys in the place that Tony ordered him to. He was peeping happily as he waved to a cute white bear before returning to his work, ignoring the growls that Tony let out in the corner. "It's hard, living without any human contact, food is sacred and comes every blue moon, there are a lot of assassins waiting for my head out there, but I need to be strong or else! The world is going to end." Tony leaned on his chair, pain and helplessness painting his face as he gazed at the video he was recording, wondering what will happen to him now.
The room became silent at his explanation, fear was taking over every single person inside of the room at the dark future that Steven showed them, Thor begged the Norns that what Steven was telling him was a joke, but the strange woman who appeared out of nowhere just told them that the Norns themselves showed Steven the universe's ends, Thor knew that he should take Steven to the AllFather immediately least the future that Steven saw came true.
"Oh, that? Those were just dummies." Steve said with an innocent smile, not knowing that he just signed his and Tony's parents' death. Tony could only twitch when he saw the smile on Steve's face, his lips twitching in a sneer that seemed to frighten everyone in the dining room if the flinch that Bucky and Natasha let out was anything to go by.
"Can't you like; I don't know, throw him in the space and end it?" Anton complains; more of a whine really, but Steven was struggling hard not to attack the fool, drawing deep breaths to remain relaxed. "Hell! You can even call that idiotic strange space crew to arrest him, I'm positive that he and the Groot tree will make acquaintances." That was what made Steven lose it and he picked up the cushion beside him and hurl it at Anton, causing the smaller man shriek when the pillow collided with his skull, and it made everyone stare at him with large eyes, doubtless wondering how Steven was able to secure a headshot when there were a few of Anton's teammates blocking the view.
Two months later and Tony was on the edge, ever since he went to Sam Wilson that day two months ago and he couldn't stay still, always looking at his phone in hope that the Beta will call any minute now so far the Beta haven't called, which made Tony scare to death, but Clint assured him that everything is going to be fine, and he should chill. Though what left Toy stunned was that his whole neighborhood was in a high alert, everyone was running around the place like headless chickens, and when Tony asked Winnie about it (She was the head of the gossips club in the neighborhood) she told him that Sarah's son was finally returning home from London, it made Tony hum, it was then he realized why Sarah was in a happy mood all of the time, it was much later that Clint told him that Sarah's son was not only a famous artist but was the one behind 'Captain America' comic books, now it made sense to him why everyone was squealing and chattering, they want the first printed version of his new superhero comic story 'Spider-Man'... Wow, sucks to be that Alpha.
