“Is this how you accept all presents, or is it just ’cause it’s from me?”
).  He thought of the hours he’d spent marching alongside Tony today, sweating near to death in his silky purple button-up but happier than he’d been in a long, long time, swept up in the energy and music and vibrancy of the crowd, celebrating along with them what it meant to be proud, to be
Nevertheless, he decided to wear it to dinner.  It was pretty comfy, and Tony
She rolled her eyes amusedly.  “You are
to prepare himself for this day.  He thought of intense dark eyes and purple flowers and all the past months’ denial, screaming at him what he’d already known deep down inside.  He thought of
“Show you what?”
Bucky, intense dark eyes close as he called Steve a punk.
I will touch a hundred flowers
He liked that idea, he realized.  He liked that idea a lot.
Steve thought of the endless nights without sleep, staring at the ceiling and thinking of boys’ stuff; of all the dates he’d gone on with Tony, to cafes and coffee shops, museums and parks, time spent in euphoric revelry and unending laughter (it didn’t matter where they went, as long as they went together); of the quartet of violets bowed as though in deference, and the Manhattan skyline at dusk, and the bruises on his knuckles from all the punching bags he’d whaled on in an effort to rid himself of his confusion and conflict; he thought of red and blue and purple things.  He thought of his carnation, its physical form wilting as the days ticked by but its presence never fading from his mind, the significance and gift of it (
“It’s a shirt,” Tony said.  Steve’s lips thinned in irritation, his heart still going a tad too fast.
to make it up to you, so—”
And not pick one.
No, Steve did not get the picture.  Tony was doing that thing where he talked so quickly it made Steve’s head hurt.  He was starting to wonder if Tony didn’t do it on purpose as a way of overwhelming his opponents with the sheer force of his personality.  Was Steve Tony’s opponent?  What the hell was even happening right now?
“Is that okay?” he asked quietly.  All of the confusion and struggle of the past several months was packed into those three words.
Steve wished the ground would just open up and swallow him whole.  His cheeks tingled sharply as they warmed, and he hoped to God the blush wasn’t as obvious to either of them as it was to him.  “I’m really sorry, Tony,” he said, “I’m just… tired today.  Give me one more chance?”
”—this directed at Pepper, who merely rolled her eyes and shook her head a little—“then Captain America should get one, too.  Whaddaya say?”
too hot against his shoulders and stomach, but he’d known as soon as he’d woken up this morning that it was what he’d wanted to wear to the parade.  “So this really was a present, huh?” he mused, almost too softly for Tony to hear.
Watch the wind bow down the grass,
But although Steve had no problem with people like Tony, he wasn’t one of them.  He couldn’t be.  It was women who’d always caught his interest, women who did still.  He noticed their beauty, the ways they walked and talked, their little quirks and idiosyncrasies, the times they smiled and the times they frowned.  It just wasn’t the same with men.  Was it?  He didn’t notice any of those things on a man.
, but that thought he shoved back into the dark as soon as it emerged, disturbed.
Tony rolled his eyes, but it wasn’t as caustic as it could have been.  “Yes, dear,” he intoned dutifully, then flipped his shades down over his eyes, grinned, and waved jauntily as the elevator doors closed, leaving Steve alone on the communal floor.
Later, back at the tower, Tony had broken out a bottle of champagne that, according to him, he’d been saving just for the occasion.  The sparkling golden bubbles took up residence in his eyes as he’d poured a flute for each teammate, quipping and congratulating, and he’d topped up Steve’s glass with just a bit more than he’d given the others, winking at him slyly.
“Hey, man, it’s alright,” the young man said genially.  “No need to explain.  I get it.”  He peered at Steve over the rims of his sunglasses and winked like the two of them were on the inside of some great joke.  Then he fell back into marching, hollering and chattering to his fellows on either side of him.
“Okay.”  Steve took a deep breath, willing away the tremble in his fingertips.  He’d worked really hard on this piece, and he felt a desperate need for Tony to like it—
“The ace crowd.  Or one of ’em, at any rate.  Hey, we should go find the rest of the bisexual motherfuckers.  Come on, I know where they usually march.”  Tony grabbed his hand and started pulling him against the flow of people.  Their palms were sweat-slicked and slid against one another; without even thinking about it, Steve tightened his grip, and he felt Tony squeeze back as he glanced at Steve with a happy light in his eyes.
to know.  And Steve himself had never had any problem with people like Tony—had, in fact, thought the problem many of his contemporaries had with them was silly, unwarranted,
In any case, that was a non-answer at best.  Steve looked at Pepper and raised his eyebrows in questioning.
Under the sun!
“And next thing
“Yep.  Oh, and that shirt?  It wasn’t left behind by anyone.  I bought it for you.  Happy early birthday.”
Steve breathed as deeply as he could without giving himself away.  On the exhale, he tried for a smile himself, but he could feel how it wavered at the edges, and he knew it looked as uncertain as it felt.  “Yeah, well… I’ve always been more of a blue guy myself,” he said, trying to sound breezy.
,” JARVIS interjected.  “
Damn her twice.  In spite of himself, he returned the smile.
“How did you know… I mean, how did you figure out… that…”
Steve swallowed with some difficulty, the better to respond as soon as possible.  “
“Tony?” he said tremulously.
, but that night, camaraderie had lit the room in gold and champagne shades and laughter had filled up the empty spaces Steve sometimes forgot lurked within his heart.
.”  Her eyes widened on those last words, teasing him back, and Steve’s confusion must have showed on his face, because her mysterious smile broke into a full-blown grin.  The tables had been turned.  He was still internally debating whether or not he should ask her to clarify—
.  I guess I came on pretty strong and freaked you out with the whole Pride thing—”
Steve got the weirdest feeling they weren’t talking about colors anymore.  He didn’t know how to respond, only knew that his mouth was dry as summer heat and his fingers were trembling with what felt too much like adrenaline, just little enough to remain invisible to the untrained eye.  Tony was untrained, as untrained as they came, yet something told Steve he’d be able to spot that tremor anyway, and he fought the urge to hide his hands behind his back, feeling bizarrely exposed.
“Oh, God, don’t make me say it again,” Tony whined, scrunching up his face.  “I
behind Tony’s back.
a funny guy, had made Steve laugh more than anyone else in the tower by far; and those rare moments that he managed to catch Tony in a moment of quietude, staring out at the Manhattan twilight with a tumbler in hand or totally absorbed in a state of scientific creativity…
“Yeah,” Steve said with a slight laugh.  “Uh, it sure is.  Exciting.”
“No concussion?”
doing this thing.  They’d go to Pride and have a great time and it would be an amazing experience worth having.  Steve wasn’t about to back out, especially at the last minute, not after he’d made a promise to both Tony and himself.  It was just… he’d started to wonder if attending the March together was going to be a date, and if it was, what that even
Steve
“Was getting antsy cooped up down there,” she breezed.  “I’ve taken worse hits, Captain, believe me.”
Tony’s eyebrows shot up; his mouth popped open in surprise, but the expression didn’t last long before it faded into a gently amused smile.  “Yeah, I know that, Cap.  I’ve been trying to tell you for months.”
.  It’s been about seven years, but I definitely know you from somewhere.  Have we officially met?  Tony Stark, pleasure to make your acquaintance.”  He held out his hand for a shake.
Being able to love anybody.  But Tony wasn’t just anybody.  Steve swallowed and willed himself to stop shaking.
exhausting at times.
“Well, I actually didn’t.  Go on a date, I mean.  There was no one.  I just wanted to see how you’d react to the idea of me going out with a guy.”
Well.
After dropping his painting, easel, and art supplies off on his floor of the tower, Steve decided to head down to the communal floor to see what the others were up to.  The plan was for the Avengers to have dinner together tonight, but the last time they’d tried that, Tony holed up in his lab to work on God only knew what; Clint got called off on a mission for SHIELD; and Natasha
His third trance of the morning broken, Steve finally found his voice.  “What exactly are you asking me?” he said cautiously.
“Yeah?”
Bucky, admonishing him for ditching their double date, for ditching
“Ooh, there they go, there they go!” Tony exclaimed, nearly hopping up and down in excitement.  He waved crazily with both arms.  “DYKES ON BIKES!”
Steve laughed a little, still enjoying the sound of his name on Tony’s lips.  He wasn’t as surprised by Tony’s understanding as he would have thought he’d be.  “You’re right: it is a big deal.  That’s why I did it.  I figured it was the best present I could give you.”
Those moments were always nice, to say the least.
And then start down!
April marched on, the days slowly lengthening under an endless curtain of rain.  Steve had been going out of his way to avoid Tony for a little while: spending more time in the gym, working himself to the bone; camping out on his floor, which he’d asked JARVIS to lock to everyone but himself except in emergencies; going out to coffee shops and little bistros and parks with perpetually soggy grass, to sit and draw whatever his eyes happened to light upon, taking his anxiety out on his pencils and pens.  He felt bad about it, but the thought of confronting Tony made his stomach churn with restless butterflies, and so he remained in hiding, thanking God the Avengers hadn’t been called on lately and feeling like a coward.
“Hey, you tell me how that fits later, okay?” he tossed over his shoulder.  “I gotta go, I got a date.  He’s pretty hot, wouldn’t wanna miss him.  See ya tonight, maybe, I dunno.”
“For this year’s Pride March,” she explained, giving Tony her patented “you’re a handful and a half, but I love you” side-eye.  Something in Steve’s chest constricted painfully at the sight of it.
“I was
“Jesus Christ, just look at it, it’s…”  Tony ran a hand over his mouth, seemingly at a loss for words for once.  He locked eyes with Steve, and his gaze said everything his mouth couldn’t:
like it, not just say he did because it was a gift.  “Here goes,” he said mostly to himself, and he reached out and pulled the sheet from the easel with a silken whisper.
Tony’s eyes got very big; Steve was abruptly reminded of a deer, pretty eyes dark and full of unmoving startlement.  On the canvas was an abstract rendition of that first day in the lab: Tony, rendered in gentle yet intense shades of blue and pink and purple, the sole pillar of solidness in a landscape of floating ghosts, face etched deep with focus and alive in the glow of his creations.  It was that day as Steve remembered it, ethereal and full of emotion, the true beginning of the past months’ journey whose destination Steve didn’t quite know yet.  It was Tony at the center of a world—Steve’s world, for as long as the scene took to see, for as long as it took to paint, and far beyond that.
“—and, you know, I get it, I really do.  So: I wanna make it up to you.”
.”  It was definitely more than a lilt now.
A few moments more and Tony’s hand dropped to his side.  Something about the movement seemed a little dejected.  “Seriously, where have you been?  I haven’t seen you in days.”
, like he was right where he’d always been meant to be, finally found when he hadn’t even realized he’d been lost.
Steve blinked, taken aback.  “What?  Oh.”  He looked down at himself, at the silk gleaming in the spectral light of the holograms.  “Yeah.  Thank you.  Actually, about that”—he met Tony’s eyes again, glad to have been reminded of his earlier question—“why exactly did you have something like this just lying around?  It certainly wouldn’t fit
Tony’s birthday party was indeed a quiet affair—well, quiet by Tony’s standards.  It consisted of just the Avengers, Pepper, and Colonel Rhodes, gathered around an only slightly drunk Tony throughout the evening.  They sang “Happy Birthday” to him in the most awful voices they could manage (Clint’s was pretty damn awful, and Steve couldn’t tell if that was more or less impressive given that he was Deaf), watched him
“I love you,” Steve said.  He was still getting used to the feel of those words in his mouth, the taste of them; he said them every chance he got, wondering when he’d finally grow accustomed to their presence in his life.  He figured it must annoy the hell out of Tony, but if that was the case, Tony didn’t let on.  Instead, he responded, sleepily this time around, with the same unhesitating words he gave back every time:
“I…”  Steve had never been more confused in his entire life.  “I—s-sure, why not?”  He thought of the flags that had been painted on Tony’s cheeks and shook his head.  “But Tony, I’m not—”
Steve smiled.
“Tony,” Pepper began in a lecturing tone, “you know registration for the floats ended back in March—”
“It’s just because it’s from you,” he returned with equal softness, and he reached out and accepted the carnation.  Their fingers brushed, and Steve felt electricity pass between them.
“Tony, what if I—”
Steve’s throat felt tight and sticky all of a sudden.
It was so
“What are you doing?” Steve retorted shortly, looking at the purple puddle again.  Cautiously, he went and picked it up; it was soft and slippery in his hands.  A button-up shirt, he realized as he held it up for inspection, made of silk or some such material.  He quirked his eyebrows.  “What’s this?”
Bucky.  Steve’s chest tightened with a familiar, potent misery.  He always felt breathless whenever he thought of his old friend, and he knew part of that was pain, a horrid cocktail of grief and guilt and self-loathing—but was there something else to it as well?  Something he’d been ignoring all these years?
“Yeah, but I’m Tony Stark, I do what I want.”
, a path back to normalcy—“JARVIS said you haven’t eaten in two days.”
, Steve thought; God, no.  But looking at the well-concealed hope in Tony’s expression, he said, “Yeah.  I’m good now.”
Steve nodded, more to himself than anyone else.  “It’s a date,” he said.
—was still pretty new to him; there’d been nothing of the sort back in the ’40s.  He thought it was wonderful, exactly the sort of thing Captain America stood for: the freedom to be yourself, to bare the most intimate parts of your being, without needing to fear that doing so would bring your entire life crashing down around you.  That was a message that resonated with Steve Rogers, too, and he wished there had been something like Pride Month back when he was a kid.  Would’ve been risky as all hell, of course, but who was to say it wasn’t still risky in this day and age?  And what kind of life could someone possibly lead when they were too afraid to be themself out in the open?
Even ignoring the seventy-year-long nap, that day felt like so long ago.
Steve smiled, and now he did say, “I’m glad you like it.  I worked really hard on it, you know.  I kept worrying I was gonna screw it up.”
“This is a big deal for you,” Tony said suddenly.  He looked to Steve.  “Right?  I mean, your paintings are… your drawings… they’re like… they’re like my inventions.  They’re a part of you, the way the stuff I build is a part of me.  I don’t show just anyone what I make.  That’s… personal.  Private.  You painted this for
“You’re gonna eat me out of house and home, Cap,” Tony joked, watching Steve dig into his third turkey and avocado on Italian.
Tony smiled, a slow-growing expression that drew attention to his intense dark eyes glittering in the afternoon sun.  Looking at that smile, Steve felt breathless.  Sudden anxiety took him; he averted his eyes and played with the carnation’s petals, smooth like silk.
kind of sounded like something he wasn’t supposed to know about—when she’d marched off, the perfect soldier but for the amusement still sparkling in her eyes.
“I…” he said slowly, head spinning.  “I’m gonna go for my run now.”
Steve looked down at himself, at the sun-shined purple silk that was honestly
said he wanted to know how it fit.
The rainbow was
—and it was so unexpected that it startled him right out of his reverie.
Steve had no idea what to do with this information.  Maybe there were more important paths to pursue, but—“And… do you
it was a shirt.  “You wear it, y’know, on your body.  Found it in my closet.  Designer—Neiman Marcus, I think.”  He spoke so quickly it nearly gave Steve a headache.  “Try it on for size, Capsicle.  I think you’d look good in purple.”
“Hey,” Tony drawled in thoughtfulness as he skirted casually around antique furniture, coming closer, “I remember
“No way, you drew something for me?” Tony exclaimed.  His wonder and excitement seemed completely genuine, and something about that made Steve feel warm.
promise me.”
.  He thought of the joy he’d experienced when he’d heard that DOMA had been struck down, and the vicious, fist-pumping pride of watching
Steve turned around and left.  He felt numb all the way down to the ground floor, all the way outside, all the way to Central Park, and feeling didn’t return until he was nearly halfway through his run.  At which point he had only one thought to sustain his sanity:
,” JARVIS cut in, “
Purple, Steve thought as he added another squirt of red to the bluish splotch on his palette, was a hell of a color.
“This is one hell of a present, Stars and Stripes,” Tony said faintly.
He wasn’t just nervous; he was frustrated, too.  Something was pushing at him to acknowledge it, and Steve, like a coward, refused to look.
A few months ago, Steve would have been bewildered and unnerved by Tony unknowingly (
What?  “What?”
Tony certainly wasn’t afraid of that.  Actually, Tony could stand to be a little
Warm sunlight filtered through the partially open slats on the window.  It was midmorning, but Steve didn’t want to get up just yet, not with Tony still so thoroughly unconscious under his arm.  He raised his face to bask in the light and smiled a little, mind quiet.  It would have been a classically domestic scene, if only the blaring honks of bumper-to-bumper traffic outside were the melodious chirping of songbirds instead.  He snorted at himself, then glanced down in concern when Tony mumbled and shifted, burying his face deeper into Steve’s side.
Tony had a big grin on his face.  “The very one.  Met him at MIT.  Kinda had a crush on him for a while.  I didn’t realize it at first—that it was a crush, I mean.  I thought I just really liked the guy.”  He paused, then gave himself a conceding nod.  “Well, I guess I
Steve felt a big, devious grin slowly overtake him.  “JARVIS, you read my mind.”
Still, Steve shook his head.  “Just curious,” he said unconvincingly.
“Be decent, Tony,” he said, but his voice—his heart—wasn't in it.  He felt almost shaky all of a sudden, imagining that.  Shaky and dejected.  And pissed off.
drunk at that point, but so were most of them), all the normal birthday party things.  If someone were here to watch them, they could probably believe the Avengers
When Tony winked at him, Steve got the distinct impression he was missing something.  “Wh—” he started as his stomach did an odd little flip, not even sure what he wanted to say, but then Tony brushed past him and called for the elevator.
“Yeah?”
mention the menu, my poor wallet can’t take it.”  Tony took an innocent bite of his jelly-slathered bagel as Steve snorted incredulously.  He cast his gaze around the courtyard, taking in the artistic play of sunlight and shadow on the old cobblestones, the clusters of galaxy-purple and chalk-green carnations to either side of him.  “Bet you came here to draw, didn’t you?”
Her smile widened until it was nearly a grin.  “It is,” she agreed lightly.  “Pride is also really nice.  It’s a good way to meet people you can relate to.”  She quirked her eyebrows at him, and Steve could almost hear her say,
That pleasant smirk again, so wide it was nearly a smile this time.  “No need to be so
According to Pepper, the party was going to be a subdued affair this year.  Last year’s birthday bash had been an unmitigated disaster—Steve didn’t even want to
, made every nerve ending in his body tingle with fire, made Steve feel like he was somehow complete, but
They marched over a rainbow-striped crosswalk at the corner of 7th Avenue and Christopher Street, and before Steve knew it they were standing in front of the Stonewall Inn.  Dozens of flags clustered around the second-story windows like brilliantly colored flowers growing in sill gardens; the lit-up glass reflected long draping banners that said things like STOP THE HATE and WE ARE HERE.  A cheer like none before went up through the crowd at the sight of the inn’s brick walls; Steve’s ears positively rang with it, and more clearly than any other he could hear Tony’s voice, whooping excitedly.  He squeezed; Tony squeezed back, and swung their clasped hands to and fro like an exuberant little kid.
.  Were thoughts of Tony unexpected?  No.  Were they mind-breakingly confusing and frustrating?  Absolutely.  Had anyone been around to hear it, he’d have denied snarling like a wild animal as he ripped off his blanket and slammed to his feet.  If making art was one of the best ways he knew to clear his head, destroying a dozen punching bags in the gym was almost as good.
A few squirts more and he was content to say he’d found the perfect shade (he was
tone of voice.  “But I
When Steve stepped off the elevator, it was into a sea of floating holograms, lazily drifting and spinning around the island of a man in the center.  Their pale blue aura bathed Tony’s face in a ghostly glow, turning the deep concentration etched there into something ethereal, and without his notice, Steve’s determined march slowed to an entranced walk.  He was fascinated.  He’d seen the manic energy of Tony post–lab binge, the spark of scientific excitement in his eyes that belied the half-moon bruises beneath them.  He’d seen the enthusiastic flailing of Tony’s hands as he chattered with Bruce, reeling off complex theorems and equations Steve couldn’t even name, much less understand.  He’d seen the empty coffee cups and hopelessly wrinkled shirts and unbrushed hair that signified Tony was on the edge of some technological breakthrough.  But even with all of that, he’d never had the opportunity to see Tony in the
“I’m in love with you,” and then he started to cry.
“Oh,” he said.
Sometimes, still, it got to be too much, all the excitement and his unexpected new happiness, and Steve retreated into a lonely shell of contemplation and self-reflection.  Tony let him be when he got like that—but never for too long.  He always busted in eventually to drag Steve back out into the real world, and Steve, though terrified at times, never failed to end up feeling grateful for it.
He and Tony, still holding hands, turned around and started walking back the way they’d come, surrounded now by a thousand different shades of purple.  Steve was abruptly gripped by the knowledge that he blended in, that a person looking at them from the outside wouldn’t be able to tell him from anyone else in the group, and sudden fear warred with an equally sudden sense of
“I’m glad.  I like going on dates with you, Capsicle.”
make Tony take him out to an all-you-can-eat buffet or the most expensive restaurant in New York City.  Instead, he chose one of the quaint, cozy little coffee shops he’d visited during his period of self-imposed isolation.
“I should’ve remembered you have an appetite to rival Thor’s,” Tony said mournfully.
With quiet eyes,
“That’s… really nice.”
really like the guy, if you know what I mean.”
Tony opened his mouth to fire back, but Steve pushed ahead with his next thought before he could lose his nerve.  “Thought you said you had a date.”
Tony shook his head a little.  “Steve…”
“Some alone time.”  In another voice, the words would have sounded disbelieving, even angry, but Tony didn’t seem nearly as suspicious as Steve had expected him to.  “Okay.  I get that.  Well, you got everything all sorted out now?”
He’d barely stepped off the elevator when something came flying at his face; instinctively, he batted it away, heart speeding to a gallop.  He assessed it fleetingly—a shiny purple puddle of something,
Tony threw his head back and guffawed.  Steve laughed, too—not because he thought anything was funny, just from listening to Tony do it.  “You know, JARVIS told me you called it that, but I didn’t believe him!” Tony exclaimed as his laughter died down.  “Sure thing, America the Beautiful.  I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.”  With that, he gripped the stem of the flower he’d been playing with, tore it cleanly from its cyme, and presented it to Steve in one swift motion.
Tony some of the things he’d drawn flirted with the boundary between anxiety and anticipation.  “Yeah,” he said before he could think better of it.  “I do.  Maybe if I show you some of those, you could tell me a little about what you’re always doing in your super-secret science lab.”
“Tony?”
Steve was stunned into silence for a few moments.  “You mean, see if I’d be okay with it?”
When it came time for presents and Steve had nothing to give, the others ribbed him and pushed him around a little, and Steve, his sheepish smile edged with a secret, was content to let the good-natured joking go.  He winked furtively at Tony across the coffee table and mouthed,
“Surprise!”
A motorcycle revved; an elderly woman with cropped salt-and-pepper hair and a leather vest waved back, grinning sharply as she rode by.
“What?  No, Tony, this isn’t about that—”
“Pride float,” Tony said.  He took an aggressive pull from the can of Pepsi in his hand, a solution Pepper had enforced to curb the worst of his pre-noon drinking habits.  Privately, Steve thought it was a good idea, but he knew it wasn’t his place to say so.
“If I want it to be, is that okay?”
“Later” turned out to be noon the next day, when Tony had finally slept off most of his hangover and post-celebration grumpiness.  Steve, a bundle of nerves, summoned Tony to his floor of the tower, where in the living room stood an easel draped under a big white sheet.
A surprising feeling of buoyancy ballooned in Steve’s chest at that, swallowing some of the nerves of before and converting them into a satisfied sort of confidence.  “Oh, alright,” he said, trying not to sound too happy.  “Well, in that case”—his smile came much more easily this time—“why don’t you come down and have some pasta?  Whole gang's waiting, you know.  And you
Besides, even Tony couldn’t deny that Steve’s humble coffee shop was a nice place.  Shelves stuffed with donated books—beat-up paperbacks and hardcovers with cracked spines—lined the dark walls, and soft light filtered down from large round bulbs dangling from the vaulted ceiling.  That distinctive brew smell permeated the air to the very corners, and the comforting sound of a drip machine was always going somewhere.  The real draw of the place for Steve, though, was the expansive courtyard out back, shaded by trees and ferns on all sides and blooming with riotously colored flowers everywhere you looked.  Groups of benches were arranged in intimate square formations, and tables with wicker chairs pushed under them reclined in the shadows of big striped umbrellas.  It was at one of these tables that Steve and Tony now sat, each nursing a steaming coffee and tiny plates loaded with sandwiches and pastries.
“Hi,” he greeted back, but his voice was too quiet and got swallowed up by the cacophony.
“Tony?” he said.
“Oh, that.”  Tony sighed, not sounding overly upset, and shook his head.  He pulled a hand through his hair, making it stick out all over the place; Steve watched the motion very closely.  “Didn’t pan out,” he said simply, and seemed disinclined to explain much further.
“Oh,” Bruce mumbled.  “He said he had some work to do in his lab.”  He looked at Steve apologetically, chin tucked close to his chest and shoulders up by his ears as though he expected to be reprimanded.
, when being left alone with two beautiful girls should have been the highlight of his night (or so all the books and movies said).
“And there it is, Steve!” Tony yelled in exhilaration.  “That’s where it all began for us!”
“I do know,” he said after a difficult swallow.  “But you promised, and”—
Tony shook his head.  “Red and blue,” he insisted.  “Makes purple.  You always had it in you, Captain.”
He hadn’t so much as seen last year’s Pride March, too busy assisting the Manhattan clean-up efforts in the wake of the Chitauri invasion.  Tony had gone—with Natasha, actually—and though he didn’t have a float, he nevertheless came home absolutely giddy, trailing glitter in every color of the rainbow with stripes of pink, purple, and blue painted on both cheeks.  He’d been like a little kid in a candy shop, all big grins and lit-up eyes, and Natasha had been happy, too, Steve recalled: a more subdued happiness that was obvious in her feline smile and the confident way she moved.
That night, Steve lay awake far into the earliest hours, gazing at the shadowed ceiling and listening to the ever-present cacophony of New York dozens of stories below.  His thoughts were consumed by the image of Tony, basking in the holograms’ blue light; Tony, red-faced with laughter during dinner over some lewd joke made by Clint and Natasha’s swift retribution; Tony, telling him the purple suited him, eyes running up and down the length of his torso, searching for something and apparently very satisfied with whatever they found.
“You, too, Nat,” said Tony, and waved her off.
Peggy and Tony and intense dark eyes, searching.
Bucky, teasing him about the three and a half million women in New York—
“I’m bisexual.”
Abruptly forgetting the events of the past few moments, Steve pivoted on his heel and glared sternly at Tony, who stepped into the elevator.  “Tony, I want you back in time for dinner tonight.  You’re not skipping out like you did last time.”
Steve shook himself a little.
; Steve could hardly hear himself think it was so loud, and it reminded him of a dozen bombs going off at once, all of the noise and none of the terror.  Bright laughter filled his ears in every direction, a menagerie of indistinct voices, each one belonging to someone unbound by fear, by prejudice, by hesitance.  The air was electrified; he could see the heat rising off the blacktop in waves—it itched at his skin and hair and he’d never felt more alive.  He blushed bright red as they passed by two men kissing lovingly, but it was a happy blush and he smiled at the sight, thinking it sweet.
, he thought, without knowing why.
“Aren’t you supposed to be in the med bay?” he said sternly.  The Avengers had just returned home after a very unpleasant skirmish with Doom; there had been a few injuries, the most severe of which had been those of Natasha, who’d been briefly overwhelmed by an aggressive surge of Doombots.
“Fuckin’ hell, I love those ladies!”
It wasn’t just Pride, though, really.  It was Tony’s comment about his uniform, about fitting in.  Steve still had a lot of learning to do before he was all caught up with the twenty-first century, but he wasn’t stupid or ignorant.  He knew what the colors sported by Captain America meant in Tony’s world—and it sure as hell wasn’t the American flag.
Tony was quiet for a moment that felt like it stretched into eternity in the unusual absence of his voice.  “That I did,” he acquiesced at last, the flippancy of his tone mismatched by the solemnity in his eyes.  “Guess I just lost track of time up here.  You know how it is”—he gestured vaguely—“with your drawing and all.”
Tony beamed, that megawatt grin.  “It’s a date.  I promise I’ll take you out on lots as long as you don’t go all Houdini and disappear on me again.”
, he thought, and then felt incredibly guilty for some reason.
Tony looked at him pensively.  Steve was suddenly, terribly aware of how perfectly their fingers fit together, like they were meant to be interlocked this way.  “If you want it to be.”
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin; the jerking motion of his hands sent the closest holograms to him spinning away, and he sighed noisily in exasperation.  His chest expanded with breath as he prepared to snap at whoever had waltzed into his lab, but when he saw Steve, he stopped short.  His expression froze for an instant, eyebrows scrunched and lips parted, and then he gave a crooked smile and said, “It fits.”
The argument was long over, and he and Peggy had more than made up after it, but Steve still winced whenever he recalled the venom in her beautiful voice and what a ginormous bonehead he’d been.  Concentration broken, he blinked in a familiar bit of bewilderment at the canvas, which now depicted a quartet of violets bowed as though in deference.  He eyed the transition of their yellow-white centers to their royal-purple petals critically, thought to himself he didn’t do such a great job capturing the flowers’ texture, but the deed was done.  All in all, not the worst work he’d ever produced.  He glanced at his watch: nearly 16:30.  Time to head home.
Tony glared over Steve’s shoulder at nothing in particular.  “Traitor,” he accused sulkily.
Steve felt like a shock of ice water had been poured down his shirt.  “Told you what?”
Steve came up short against that.  Make it up to him?  “Tony,” he said, and had to wet his lips.  Tony’s eyes flicked down to the motion, something Steve didn’t miss.  “You don’t have to do that.  It’s fine, really, I was just… surprised, is all.”
“Yeah.”  The noise around them had been drowned out by the sound of Tony’s voice.  “I like going on dates with you, too.”
They did, in fact, go on more dates—many more dates.  Each time, they went somewhere new, somewhere at least one of them had never been before: quirky restaurants with crazy menus; museums where one could bend the other’s ear about art history or chemistry or astronomy, spending more time looking at each other than at any of the exhibits; once, at Tony’s suggestion, a roller skating rink, where he spent the entire evening hollering with exhilaration as he clung for dear life to Steve, who smugly took to the activity like a natural.  The days and nights passed by in a blissful whiz of color and laughter, and now Steve was thanking God the Avengers hadn’t been called on lately for an entirely different reason.
He was holed up on his floor at the moment, curled up on a cushy window seat in the living room that looked decades more antiquated than anything else that could be found in Avengers Tower.  Off in the distance, the Hudson gleamed dully under the pale, metallic light of an overcast sky.  Billowing feather-gray clouds blanketed the atmosphere, threatening at any moment to unleash another torrent of rain upon the inhabitants of New York.  Steve could see—far, far below—that many of them already had their umbrellas out, a steadily moving stream of rainbow-hued canvases on either side of the busy street.  He wondered, in between stubborn thoughts of Bucky, how many of them were planning on attending the Pride March.
“Sorry,” he said automatically, worried by his own lately increasing absentmindedness.  “Zoned out for a second there.  What were you saying?”
A few months ago, Steve would have thought Tony was mocking him with a comment like that.  But even though he often felt like his nerves were on fire around Tony, his hackles were no longer up around the man; that reactionary defensiveness that had been so prevalent during the invasion had all but totally dissipated.  He knew, now, that Tony was more likely to laugh with him than at him.  It was pleasant knowledge to have, and not nearly as surprising as it used to be.
“I’m bisexual and I’m okay with it.”
Steve had already known this: that it wasn’t just women Tony counted as notches on his bedpost.  He’d heard Tony talk about other men—strangers, usually, picked up in some bar or at some Stark Industries soirée—in a decidedly more-than-friendly tone too often
Tony put his hands up.  “Alright, truce.”  He sobered then.  “You’ve been avoiding me,” he said, an edge of accusation in his voice.
Like that first day in the lab, Steve flushed pink at Tony’s apparent interest in his art.  The thought of actually
“Is this how you accept all presents,” Tony said quietly, “or is it just ’cause it’s from me?”
The elevator doors opened with little more than a pleasant ding, but Steve felt as though Tony had burst into the room, dramatic fanfare and all.  He stood frozen, heart going like a racehorse, and had the grim realization that at last it was time to face the music.
“Do you like it?” Steve asked quietly.  He thought about mentioning how hard he’d worked on it, but Tony must have seen that; he
“Hey, we’re almost at the inn!” Tony said, snapping Steve back to awareness.  He swallowed with difficulty.
“Thor Odinson.”
It had been too soon when Tony yelled in surprise. Steve shook out of bed onto the floor to see Stark with a hand over his heart and blown open eyes.
Steve stood in the doorway with an incredulous look on his face. Clint exploded with laughter as Steve sat down on the other side of Bucky.
Steve hummed in agreement. He speculated that everyone needed someone, even Fuckin’ Tony Stark.
“Yes,” Steve growled.
“Tones” did not reply, instead he threw a bolt at his friend with a “shut up, Rhodey”.
Steve’s euphoria was still evident on his face while Stark mumbled threats on his way back to the floor.
“You’re not coffee,” he muttered in a low voice. He sounded like he guzzled syrup for an hour.
“Fucking Tony! You can’t fucking do that! Warn a guy next time!”
“Quit tickling me,” Steve pouted.
—————
“The pickett fences are very hypnotizing,” Tony explains and Steve glanced over.
—————
“It’s helpful!”
“Why won’t you let me in?”
Toy blinked at the interruption.
Steve shook his head in disbelief.
he spat out.
“No, but that’d be fun.”
“Has anyone seen Tony? I haven’t seen him in days,” Steve leaned against the wall looking concerned.
“I didn’t know that was your middle name,” Clint mused from his place in front of the refrigerator. Tony flipped him off as he slammed his laptop shut and looked around for a hiding spot. He only saw cabinets, so he had two options: get murdered or fold himself like origami into a cupboard.
“Who names their kid ‘Thor’?”
“We,” Steve said through clenched teeth and a faux smile, “are finger painting.”
Bruce sniffed and squinted through his square glasses, then spoke with a shaky voice,
“It’s a raccoon, Princess,” Natasha replied as she walked behind him. Tony yelped and leaped backwards into a giggling Steve.
Steve yelped and jumped up as Tony held up two fingers in a pinching manner. The two ran out of the room and a collective sigh resonated through the area.
“It’s the third best thing that we’re good at. Second is never sleeping and first is bitching.”
“Please?”
Weariness drowned out his petty anger, and he let it dominate him while he stumbled to room. Before he walked in, he heard hushed whispers and groaned madly for the third time in twenty minutes.
Steve hadn’t seen Tony in three days. 72 hours of radio silence. 72 excruciatingly Tony-less hours. So, maybe Steve was kind of addicted to talking with his dorm mate. Maybe he looked forward to their chats too much. Maybe he convinces Tony to watch TV shows with him every night just so he can feel the other pressed against him. The late nights and early mornings and everything in between with Tony were his favorite parts of the day, so what? And yeah, watching Tony smile is like watching the universe being made, whoop-dee-doo.
“Nowhere near where ‘Steve’ came from,” Thor returned.
“Clint! Tony! Um...”
Steve began to speak, but was intercepted by Tony.
“Wraw! Wrench-Saw!”
“Yes, Moses?”
Clint curtly shook his head in obedience.
Tony nodded stiffly at her query. He never talked about his family, save for a flower garden that raised him. There was also a man named Jarvis, but the stories were little to none to Steve, regardless of how many tales Steve has told of Brooklyn.
. He was humming along to
Tony grinned down at his screen.
“He’s pretty dope, Stark.”
“Clint-“
“Tony Motherfucking Stark!”
“Who are you with,” She whispered in his ear.
He didn’t realize he was tapping his fork to the rhythm until a hand stopped his from bouncing. The hand led to an arm, which led to a torso, which led to Tony with his eyes closed facing him.
“Good thing we aren’t superheroes.”
“No, but that’d be fun.”
“Have we met before, sweet thing?”
“No... no... everything’s fine. Uh... sorry,” Tony mumbled and started to back away.
“Hi… I’m uh, I’m Steve.” he held his hand out. Blonde Beauty accepted it and his grip was strong. He really was a machine.
“Fuck you, Barton.”
“Did they die,” Steve whispered. Tony smiled; a tiny, shy thing, only for them.
“What?”
—————
“They’re still the same,” Steve murmured happily.
“Yeah, yeah, it’s me, Steve. I’m here, okay? Do you know what you took?”
“What does that even mean?”
“It’s because I’m right.”
“Hey Stevie,” Bucky looked from Clint to the aforementioned, and gave a small smile.
“It’s pointless. If they wanna suffocate when there’s no oxygen left, or melt when the ozone dies, then they’re gonna do it. At our age, we already have our minds made up, and we’ve all heard the same arguments for each side. Trying to convince everyone that the world is ending within the next decade is time wasted. Time that we could be using to find a solution, or better ways of prolonging the inevitable.”
“We can’t do that.”
Without answering, a small, blood red haired woman strut into their dorm.
“Yeah. It’s fun. I asked Tony to make the buds incognito for missions, but we all know that I just fuck with everyone. Well, everyone but you.”
“Oh, pretty please.”
“They made me sign in blood. You draw in strange crowds, Tony.”
Steve wore a shit eating grin and shrugged. Tony just turned up his nose and shook his head.
Tony stopped arguing as he pinched his nose bridge. When he finished counting from ten, and
“Yep.”
“-what?”
“Are you a mass murderer?”
“Ah ha! I’ve reclaimed my Wraw! Suck a dick, Rogers!”
“Tony, you’ve gotta let go of the bread, you’re gonna smoosh it,” Steve gently reprimanded as he took the loaf out of his grip.
“I vote that his punishment is to go grocery shopping,” Natasha offered. Rogers smiled full on as he leaned diagonally on the fridge.
“You let me sign at you for three minutes, and made fun of me, and threatened the safety of my ass? For three minutes?”
“I wish you would respect Tony’s desire to not talk about his father,” he stated.
“The life of luxury was tailored suits and proper etiquette. Not,” he selected a box of Teddy Grahams from his side of the lane, “these.”
Lucky’s head popped from behind a doorway as he whined.
“The world was once flooded with water, and so-”
One night in bed, Tony was on his tablet upgrading the suit and Steve was sprawled out on their bed watching TV. His ginormous arms were tucked behind his head, and his shirtless torso was on display for Tony to pet occasionally.
“It’s the truth,” Steve howled.
Tony stopped walking, held his arms out to the air, and shouted, “Global warming is here and real! This shit is whack!”
“What did I just watch?”
I’m a magical creature, Barnes.
After his last class, Steve headed to the daycare center just outside campus and clocked in. He was five minutes early, which for him was right on time. No one looked his way as he shuffled to the activity room and started prepping the shitty washable paint on fifteen little kiddy desks in neat rows. The walls were bright yellow with a smiling sun looking down on a garden of smiling daisies. He set paper plates out individually as the first child showed up. Her name was Chelsea and she was a good egg. Her short blonde hair bobbed around her rounded jawline as green eyes flickered all over the room.
He lost track of time as they marched through the city, getting closer and closer to Christopher Street.  Steve had done his homework: he knew it was at the Stonewall Inn that all of this had found its beginning, and his excitement ratcheted up with every step taken, his hand unbearably hot in Tony’s grip but remaining exactly where it was.  He could hardly see the people lining the sidewalks for all the rainbow flags they were waving about; from seemingly every window hung a bright and gaudy banner screaming NEW YORK CITY PRIDE.  Music blared from somewhere a few streets over, full of blood and energy; dogs barked and people screamed with laughter and it all filled Steve’s head until he felt as though he might burst.  It was like he’d stepped into a whole new world, like New York had transformed into some fairytale land overnight without his notice, and something incredibly close to euphoria invigorated his steps even as he squinted in the harsh light of the afternoon sun.
, Steve thought.  His entire world narrowed down to that one word.  The rainbow-hued crowd; the carousers clad in all the shades of purple imaginable; Tony, with flags emblazoned on his cheeks and a fiery love for men and women in his heart; Peggy, Bucky, Lorraine, all stirring feelings within him, within each other, without care for how it may look to the rest of the world.
“Are you feeling alright, Steve?” Pepper asked, brow creased in maternal concern.
Suddenly, he said, “You still didn’t hear me, did you?”
Natasha smirked and Steve knew she could see right through him.  Damn her.  “That you’re coming to Pride with us,” she said.  Her smirk slid into something more authentic.  “It’ll be your first time.  Pretty exciting.”
), this had been happening more and more, this nighttime rumination on a man who seemed determined to drive him crazy, and now it was practically part of his routine.  He supposed it wasn’t that unusual: Tony was a special kind of infuriating, after all, blowing up tech equipment and acting like the resulting burns were all in good fun, promising to come to dinner and then making Steve fetch him like a wife minding her husband in decades past, throwing old conquests in Steve’s face—old conquests’
Snapping in flags in hundreds of hands on each side of the street; bouncing in layers of tulle fastened around dancers’ waists; sparkling in a thousand pieces of jewelry around heads and wrists and ankles, sweat-glistened and gleaming in the sun; fluttering in the form of paper flowers strung about parade goers’ necks, everywhere Steve looked.  There was hardly an inch of New York that wasn’t covered in the rainbow, it seemed, and he was draped in it, too: a lei hanging down to the center of his chest, scraping at the base of his neck; beads and chains that had been pushed onto his arms with glowing reverence by a merrymaker with multi-colored streaks in her hair and delight in her soul.  It was suffocatingly hot in his purple button-up, but he couldn’t have cared less if he’d tried, and to either side of him Tony and Natasha were also close to boiling, but they were both smiling in a way he’d rarely seen.
Natasha tilted her head, assessing him with her unnervingly astute eyes.  “Pretty nerve-wracking, too, right?  I know.  Last year was the first Pride March I ever went to.  It’s an experience.  I think you’ll really like it, for whatever that’s worth.”
I will be the gladdest thing
“Oh,” Steve said softly.  He thought of Natasha asking Clint if it was okay to be the way she was, and his answering smile.
Steve steeled his nerves.  “Is this a date?”
Steve was taken aback.  He stared blankly at the carnation, eyes wide.  Its mint-hued petals rippled outwards like choppy, wind-stirred waves on the ocean.  It was strange and beautiful.
“Happy birthday.”
“Iron Man should totally have a float.  Come on, you know I’m right.”
Ultimately, though, Cherry Walk had been too crowded for him, and he’d moved on with his easel tucked under one arm to a more isolated area of the garden.  Now he stood in front of a cluster of violets trying his hand at a still life, but the canvas remained blank as he battled with his paints to produce just the right shade of purple.  His eyes flicked back and forth—palette, petals, palette, petals—and he sighed in frustration.  Still too blue.
But Peggy had only gazed at him, intense dark eyes searching, and then she’d smiled enigmatically, making Steve wonder if he was in trouble after all.  “Oh,” she’d said, in a voice so innocent it had to be an act, “you know…
A quick glance at Tony’s face revealed curiosity and concern.  “Figure out what?”
Pepper gave a grand roll of her eyes and mouthed
“Okay,” Tony agreed easily.  “Have fun.  I’m gonna stay here and try to get us those floats.”
For three days, Steve whipped up and promptly discarded ideas, mind racing and distracted.  He hadn’t given Tony a birthday present last year, and not only because he hadn’t wanted to be anywhere even remotely close to the tower when Tony’s loud-ass party, packed wall to wall with people like sardines in a can, had been going on.  Retroactively, he felt really bad about that, but there was nothing to do about it now but make up for it with an extraordinary gift.
Steve smirked.  “Hey, now,
“Oh, my God—”
“Duh!”
, he mimicked silently, and felt his stomach flip again.  He looked down at the shirt, momentarily admiring the nearly electric shade of purple, running the incredibly smooth fabric through his fingers.  It
“Tony?”
to see that.
hated his position as perpetual designated driver.)
“Havin’ fun, Steve-o?” Tony called.  His cheeks were once more painted with stripes of pink and blue and purple; they glimmered with sweat and sunlight when he smiled.  Steve realized in that moment that it could just be the two of them, in the dark and the cold, marching all by themselves, and as long as they were together he would still be having the time of his life.
“Great.”  Tony’s lighthearted expression was strained; it didn’t last long, falling into something uncharacteristically somber-looking.  “Listen…” he said, sounding reluctant.  “I wanted to apologize.”
“Compared it to how I’d felt about girls all my life.  I crushed on one of my maids when I was a kid—though, come to think of it, she and my dad may have…”  Tony shuddered.  “Let’s not go down that route.  But there was the maid, a couple of girls in high school… the list goes on.  When I realized I felt the same way about Rhodey as I did about them, it all just kind of clicked.  Lots more things made sense then.”  He tilted his head thoughtfully, gazing at Steve.  “Why d’you ask?”  He sounded like he already knew the answer.
“Tony—”
she had a mission for SHIELD, but Steve was certain she was lying.  He, Thor, and Bruce were all abysmal cooks (though Bruce did make a mean curry, and Thor could at least handle eggs), so they ended up ordering out, and the hour or so they spent together was pleasant but awkward for the knowledge of how many of them were missing.
Natasha probably knew it, too, but if she did she gave nothing away.  “For the party,” she suggested.  “The atmosphere.  Pride is high energy; it gets pretty wild.  There’s barely enough time to do and see everything.  Like I said, I think you’ll have fun.  We all will.”
Bucky, swaggering towards him after saving him from yet another ass-kicking in yet another dark alley, grinning like a fox, like he knew everything there was in the world to know (and for all that Steve told him he was taking all the stupid with him, he didn’t doubt it back in those days).
“Huh?”  Steve looked around at their purple-hued group and shook his head.  “O-oh, no, I’m not—I just, I’m here with a friend and—”  He squeezed his “friend’s” hand, and when Tony squeezed right back, Steve felt himself go vaguely lightheaded.  “I, uh—”
It took a second to register in Tony’s alcohol-addled brain, but after a moment he gave a goofy smile that made Steve’s chest constrict and nodded.
It did mess with his sleep schedule, though, and one of the best ways Steve knew to purge this kind of unruly emotion (
Well, not this time.  Steve would drag them all in by their ears if he had to.
Bucky with a toothpick dangling from the corner of his mouth, hanging in there by little more than a thread of spit, until Steve couldn’t stop staring, until he wanted to do something about it (something he couldn’t admit even to himself).
“Good morning.”
Steve’s hand clenched spasmodically around his water bottle; the crinkle of the plastic seemed unusually loud against the kitchen tile.  If any of that water had been in his mouth, he’d have choked.  “What…”
Up from the town,
Oh, to hell with it.  Steve rolled his eyes, too, and went to find a bathroom to change in.
Steve tried to swallow his nerves and only half succeeded.  “Figure out that you liked guys, too.”  He felt like his face was stuck over a boiling pot; his stomach revolted and his extremities felt numb.  He didn’t dare look at Tony again.
Bucky with his arms wrapped tight around Steve’s matchstick body as they said what they believed was their last goodbye (close, boys, but not quite).
Violets always made him think of Peggy.  Once, he’d watched her hand one off to a woman with coiffured blonde hair; the two had exchanged words, but from a distance he hadn’t been privy to them, their painted lips forming silent shapes and smiles.  The blonde woman had leaned in, pecked Peggy on the cheek, and walked away, violet in hand, and when Peggy had turned and Steve got a good look at her face, her cheeks were positively aflame.  The memory was striking for that reason alone—it was the only time he’d ever seen the cool, unflappable Agent Carter
“Do I like…”  Another shake of his head.  “Steve,” he said again, and Steve shivered.  “It’s… incredible.”
Though the joke was tempting, Steve did
Memories jumped out at him with stellar clarity, as though out of an obscuring fog.
Steve used to lie awake at night thinking of her like this, too.  Only that had been different.  His thoughts of Peggy had been because he loved her.  Tony was just… a hell of a personality.  That was it.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up; his mouth popped open into a little ‘o’ of surprise, and there was something so innocent about the expression that Steve’s chest loosened considerably.  Slowly, Tony smiled back.  “You know what?  You’re right, Cap.  Hey, first time for everything, am I right?  Next thing you know, I’ll be dragging you down to dinner when all you want is to be left alone with your sketchbooks.”
, that was why.  Liking both wasn’t sustainable anyway—eventually, he’d have to pick one, and he’d made his choice long ago, before he’d even realized there was one to be made.  He liked women.  That was it.  Tony and Bucky… they were just really good friends of his.  He liked them a lot—loved them, even—but not… not like that.
“Ah” was all he said when he felt comfortable speaking again.  The concept of the Pride March—actually, the concept of Pride
Steve was abruptly gripped by regret: he wished he had worn that purple button-up, the one he’d avoided looking at for nearly two weeks.  Maybe if he got another chance—if they went on another date…
“Oh, don’t worry about it!  You’ll fit in just fine!  Chin up, I see ’em!”
“Ooh, coffee shop date,” Tony had said when Steve told him.  “I like it.  Very old school.”
Finally he remembered what he’d come up here for in the first place.  “You promised you’d be at dinner, Tony,” he said, and tried to clear his throat as subtly as possible afterwards.
—then looked at the person who had thrown it.  It was Tony, with his eyebrows pushed up to where his red sunglasses rested on his hairline and a sarcastic expression on his face.
But when he got to the kitchen on the communal floor, Tony wasn’t there.  Everyone else was, surprisingly: Bruce pouring himself a glass of water from a big pitcher; Thor quaffing coffee from a mug, hopefully not about to smash anything; Natasha tucked into a plate of fettuccine alfredo, mouth stuffed full; Clint standing at the stove over a steaming skillet of veggies, sifting through them with a spatula.  He glanced over his shoulder as Steve entered, then turned back to his cooking.
“Yeah.  You know.
“ ’Sup, Cap,” he said.  “Nice shirt.  Pasta’s already done, vegetables in a minute.  Help yourself.”  Without looking at her: “Nat, save some room for your damn broccoli.”  Natasha quickly pressed a hand to her mouth, finished chewing, and swallowed.  She smirked at Steve, who shook his head at her half seriously, and offered a little shrug.
throwing his proverbial hands in the air and giving up; no, sir, not at all).  With careful, steady strokes that looked much more effortless than they felt, he began committing the violets to paper—the leaves shaped like serrated hearts and the little ants roaming the stems.  In patches of sunlight, the petals took on a reddish tint; then, cast back into the shadows by the breeze, they edged closer to dark blue.  Purple, he thought absently, completely lost in the activity.  A hell of a color.
) and get his head back on straight was art.  That’s why he’d gone to the botanic garden earlier, why he’d beelined straight for the violets that reminded him so much of Peggy.
Finally, on the fourth day, it hit him.
“No,” Steve said automatically, guilt gnawing at him.  “No, I… just wanted some alone time.”
The Brooklyn Botanic Garden was packed on a cool Saturday afternoon.  In early April, the trees at the Cherry Esplanade were just shedding the last of their flowers, and the discarded cherry blossoms carpeted the grass like soft pink snowfall.  Those few minutes on Cherry Walk, it had been like Steve was eleven years old again, his mother gently pulling him along as they both craned their necks this way and that to marvel at the shower of radiant blooms.  His allergies had been going absolutely haywire that day, but he hadn’t cared, begging Mom to stay even as she grew concerned about his asthma and insisted they head home.
, Captain.  I was just saying that if Iron Man gets a float—which he
Despite himself, Steve laughed, a little breathlessly.  “Funny,” he said.  “Doesn’t this conversation usually happen the other way around?”
“Who’d she find?” Steve asked, tracking her as she wove through the crowd, towards a cluster of people striped in blacks and grays and whites and purples.
And Steve’s response, quiet for how he missed Bucky already, quiet with a keening sort of longing that made him feel like he was going to shatter under its strength and never be able to find all the pieces, had been—
.”  Steve’s mouth snapped shut at the annoyed quality of Tony’s voice.  “For God’s sake, Steve, just let me take you out somewhere.  We can go for lunch, anywhere you like, my treat.  All-you-can-eat buffet?  The most expensive restaurant in New York City?  You name it, we’re there.”
know,” Steve shot back, smirking, “I’ll be making promises to show up somewhere and then breaking them to get a little more time with my paintbrushes in.”
And the grass rise.
but Steve shut that part of him down real quick.
Well… except for Tony.  And…
Steve took a deep breath and exhaled it through his nose, trying to keep a lid on his frustration so Bruce wouldn’t think it was directed at him.  So Tony had gotten home in time for dinner like he’d asked, then decided not to show?  “Of course he did,” he said tightly.  “I’ll be right back.”
—nearly lost him (
I will look at cliffs and clouds
“It’s okay,” Tony said, and smiled.  “It’s definitely okay.”
“The drawings you did here.”  Surreptitiously, Tony stretched, his right hand brushing one of the green carnations.  “Or, you know, your drawings in general.  I’m sure you have lots of ’em.”
a mother hen.  I didn’t come up here to discuss me.  It’s you everyone is worried about.”
Steve searched Tony’s face for the punchline and didn’t find it.  He was earnest.  And—
“Isn’t it obvious?  I want you to go to Pride with me, dummy.”
“I would’ve let you off the hook for less, you know.”
Steve thought he should make some excuse, explain away his disappearance as quickly as possible, but all that came out was “Tony.”
“Didn’t wanna give you anything less.”
A moment passed in quiet.  “It took me a while, you know,” Tony said then.  “To accept it.  I wasted a shit ton of time thinking it wasn’t real, that I’d have to ‘pick a side’ eventually.
She smiled, and it was a surprisingly soft expression on her usually steely face.  “I’m asexual,” she said simply, openly.  “It’s kind of funny: I was trained to use sex as a weapon against marks, but I never really understood what the big deal was.  For a long time I thought I was broken, like something was wrong with me.  Clint helped me realize that wasn’t the case.”
to be a woman.  And it had been, eventually.  Peggy—gorgeous, lovely, attractive Peggy.  It wasn’t like there was a second option.  He couldn’t like
"That's why I was urging Tasha to call Stark back." Said Hawkeye mysteriously.
"Disillusioned long ago, decades of the same tricks, Old Man."
"Now you should be glad I have this little hobby. They came to me, asked me to analyze the black circle and trace the source. Of course, they paid a lot of money. But it's not about money. It interests me, as a scientist.”
"Yes."
Tony gave Steve a "I'm not happy you're going" look.
Tony passed a video store. There were black-and-white televisions and tube radios, but no customers, and a clerk was dozing. Tony rummaged through his trousers pockets and counted the money. Not enough... If you sent me to fend for myself in 1930, you should have given me some start-up money at least. Well, I'll pay for them when I get some money. I'm just going to borrow them. Tony comforted himself. The store was robbed that night, and the alarm never went off.
The recent continuous task made the members more tired. Tasha decided to give everyone a day off. Of course, someone must stay on duty, to deal with the emergency.
"What about those who are injured and can't leave?" Asked Spiderman.
Besides, I really want to protect your identity. My identity is a secret. It doesn't matter. If you get caught, the Washington Post won't be part of page three tomorrow, it'll be the front page -- Captain America got into a street fight on National Mall.
"I know..." Steve put up a hand and stroked Tony's blushing face, then his joking tone returned. "It's not that it can't be the other way around, it's that your recovery is slow, it will affect the Avengers' mission, your homework, your invention, the progress of human civilization and so on, and the most important thing-- making money for our family. You see, I'm still waiting to be fed by you... And the benefits of Super Soldier Serum keep me from having that problem at all."
"No bad news? ”Peter's eyes widened in disbelief.
"You can understand it that way."
"Yes."
"Here you are at last! Luckily, Captain got here in time, or I'd still be locked up." Said Spider-Man.
Steve shield up blocked the icicles of attacks. He glanced at the second-floor balcony of a shop. He threw the shield to Frostbite, disrupted his sight, then jumped on to the balcony from the trash can. He leaped, caught the shield that slid back in an arc. With his shield in front, he attacked Frostbite's neck.
"Dr. Richards has given us all the details, and we all know it." Said the Black Widow.
On that weekend, Paige was alone at the Magic Toy shop. Tomorrow they were moving to a new apartment in Manhattan because of her brother's new job. She had always wanted to get out of the neighborhood, but she didn't think this day would come so suddenly. The thought of not seeing Steve every day at school filled her with sadness, which took off her joy at leaving. She regretted what she had said to Steve. The friends she considered important did not bring her the same happiness as when Steve was with her. She had been thinking about him all these days, and about the Magic Toy Shop. So she wanted to see him again before she left, to say she was sorry, and hope that he would forgive her. When she arrived at Magic Toy Shop, she found a sign of "Close" on the door. She sat in the doorway and waited for a long time until her brother appeared.
Tony's head was still a little dizzy and his stomach was still churning. Just then Kris appeared at the door of the cell.
"In that case, you shouldn't have broken it."
When Peter was about to enter, Tony held him back, switched to a private channel.
"There are no X-Men left. We were crushed. I got separated from the last retreating ones. Magneto, nobody knows where he went... And that monster, the Onslaught, is coming to New York City now..."
"You are indeed an old idiot. If I wish?"
"How are you getting on, Professor?"
"So, we're not really that different."
A disheveled blonde woman opened the door and came out. She wore a dark dress and a white apron. Her age was not apparent in the dim light of the porch light, but to judge by the contouring of her face, she should have been a beauty in her youth. Though she looked tired, she still put on a smile and talked politely to the moustachioed man.
Tony's Longest Day 01
"Damn it! What the hell? Libra! You pick a hell of a time. Send me back, now! Don't bring me here even if all the universes are going to be destroyed. In an hour, thirty minutes at least..."
Tony released one of Peter's arms to change position. Peter seized the Iron Man's gauntlets with both hands in horror.
"Put it there, Jarvis. Don't bother me now. I'm very busy." Tony said without turning his head when he heard someone come in.
Tony, calm down. You can handle it. You're not 19, and he's only 12. You have to do what you have to do. He's counting on you. He needs you. You must protect him. You must... No matter what the cost. His shaving hand trembled and blood flowed from his chin. The hell! I am dying for a drink. Damn it, Steve.
"Tony... You know...”.
The figures moved on, and the security guard in the hall fell asleep in his chair. They slipped lightly under his eyes.
Chapter 17
"No wonder you came so slowly. Didn't you even worry about me a little? The Avenger Mansion had Quinjets."
Hearing these, Tony's lips curled, he smiled.
"What's for this time?"
"Where to start?"
Everyone looked at each other. Nothing happened. It was awkward. Tony rushed to the trolley. He knelt down and lifted the cover of it. There was nothing under it.
"Friend, sort of."
"That's nonsense. So, by your logic, Zodiac has been sublimated from a criminal group to some kind of cult, dedicated to creating chaos, through terrorist activities to balance the universe? Don't glorify your crime. I've heard too many excuses. Every year, there are several lunatics that hurt innocent people in the name of saving most people in the world."
"And what was that? I mean, when I went to rescue you, that woman..."
"Not so soon, not so soon, Jarvis."
"And there were two Carols, one after the other. Don't know which one to help. Later, Tony’s detection device confirmed one of them was Skrull disguised. We helped another Carol grab the Skrull Carol, but when we went back to the Avengers Mansion for further testing to confirm, we found out the disguised Carol was the real Carol, and the other Carol took disguise to Carol, in order to sneak into the Avengers Mansion, then...You know..."
He guessed it all. Tony wanted to.
This is the time for the handover of two nearby medical staff. The night shift was tiring, the day shift was not on duty yet. At the nursing station on the third floor, the nurse dozed off.
“What?”
But by this time Tony was in front of him, this time attacking his stomach. Steve dodged the attack with a back flip.
“Too late, Tony, too late. You have limited options now. I take you as a hostage before the end of the song, or I kiss you and kidnap you in public when the lights come on after the music is over. I'm sure no one will want to save you from me after what you have done tonight."
“It's nothing, Mrs. Rogers. He's a good companion to James.” Krats handed over the blonde child to Mrs. Rogers.
"So did I."
"You're welcome. Saving people is what Avengers are for." Iron Man said.
To be continued......
"What's in it for you?" But Tony was immediately suspicious of Doom's intentions. After all, this was Doom, a villain with a very evil name.
"Come with us, both of you."
"I'll see you drink it this time. Every time you say leave it at the door, I always come back to collect the chilled plates. "Jarvis said.
"Very well, Cap. Thor has solved the Hulk problem, and he's found his god power again."
Don't get added, don't get added, or Cap will keep adding, and it will never end. Peter thought. But Peter's expectations fell through.
"He had a suitcase with him all the time."
Tony walked up to Steve, stood on his toes, put his hands around Steve’s neck, closed his eyes, and kissed him hard. This was a very long kiss. Tony was a little reluctant to let go. What he had just said, and what he had done, had taken almost all his courage. He was a little afraid to let go at one moment, afraid of what was going to happen next, afraid of what other people would look at him.
"What?!"
"I won't do it. How could I ruin the surprise of your surprise visit? What is the purpose of your visit today? I don't think it's just to help me check the robustness of the security system."
"They just left?!"
"Well, actually, I want to see what happens next, but it won't be funny when the police clear the crowd and find out about us. Let's get out of here. But where is this, anyway?"
"Come on, you distract him from my back, I fire the infrared hot line hit his neck."
"Ah-ah... Bad boy." Cried Bain. She gasped for a moment before continuing. "Will a mad scientist like you honestly follow the laws of nature? Isn’t it that you want to be as old as you want to be? Should I be surprised?"
"It's cold outside. We can go back inside the Jet."
"But if we're going away like this..." Steve was still looking at the restaurant Tony had just destroyed.
"Is it? I was really afraid of losing. Why don't we make our game a little harder? There are various simulation training robots. We activate them during the fight. They will randomly attack the two of us. While we are fighting each other, we have to deal with their attacks."
"Do you want a friendly hug?" Hawkeye said.
All eyes turned to Tasha.
"You'll only slow me down. There's nothing you can do to fix it." Tony whispered.
"Stand aside, blonde, Hulk is the strongest."
"It's me." Libra answered.
"If you get tired of standing, you should sit beside me." Bain continued to smile sideways at Iron Man.
"Happy birthday! "They all shouted.
Tony, I've done everything I can. The rest is up to you. You'd better sort this out soon. Steve thought as he stepped up to the Jet.
Tony 19
"I understand. Iron Man's urgent mission." Peter said.
"No... Unless I am imprisoned... I mean, after all, this kind of superhero daily thing is unpredictable. I mean... As long as I have freedom of movement, I will come back."
"What have you done?”
"Oh, oh, I'm so scared..." Steve replied deadpan.
"Thanks to Iron Man and Spiderman, all peace, the village is rebuilding now, although we got the government relocation allowance subsidy, but half of the families couldn't afford reconstruction. Before this happened, they had already fallen behind on a lot of bank loans. This happened after they could only sell their farms, and went to cities to make a living. They were all families who had lived there for generations, and many of them were friends I'd grown up with. Too many tears of parting... You knew, it made me want to run away, so I came back." Kris lowered her head and stirred her drink with a straw. A tear fell in front of her glass.
"Steve..."
To be continued......
"Peter. I wish you would call me Peter."
"That...... Actually... I parked it on the roof of a building next to Maria Hospital."
"Well, let me help you remember, old... Man..." Tony calmed his voice, raised his eyebrows, and slowly lengthened the title.
Tony got up. The quilt slid off. His naked body was speckled with scarlet. The sight made Steve's eyes narrow.
"In addition, only the seven members of the Special Operations Group and the seven members of the Reserve Group, which we have formally submitted to the United Nations, can conduct special peacekeeping operations in the territory of the United Nations members state. Unfortunately, Iron Man is not on that list." Tasha said.
“Are you going to leave again, Tony?" Steve shouted at Iron Man, who was hiding behind the statue of the founders of the Avengers.
"Hush, hush, everything will be all right." The brown-haired boy patted him on the back. "Probably."
"Fortunately, he started the class. I was rescued by them at camp and got involved."
"Tony, this is how you're going to leave the Avengers again, to leave me again... You promised me... You promised me in Central Park..." There was a choking crack in Steve's voice, and finally he couldn't speak.
"The money is in your pocket. All you have to do is get there, buy a bat, quietly leave it at his house and let him think it is a birthday present from his father. Don't let him find you. If he does, don't draw too much attention to yourself. Make an excuse and leave."
"So I was touched that you were willing to do this for me last time."
You know, on campus, there's always one party after another. By the time I start drinking my 10th beer, I can't remember how much I've had. Then I think I can do anything. I took the frat boys on a prank. I went to jail. Got bailed out, I didn't learn my lesson. I kept drinking and clowning around with them, forgetting that I am the Iron Man, not just a dumb college kid.
The morning meeting at the Avengers' mansion finally started on time. Tasha's brief introduction, each team's debriefing, and then Cap’s lengthy analysis and summary... Spiderman struggled to keep his eyes from falling asleep. Next to him, Iron Man was covered by a helmet, so no one could tell when he was asleep.
“Sorry for what?”
"All right. Do it!"
“What else?”
A picture of Iron Man flying out of the Avengers' mansion appeared on the screen.
"You found out? Ha... Ha..."
"The girl in your picture looks a little like me." The blonde girl's voice was like the crow of a canary.
"Did I beg you? If I remember correctly, before I went out, I made a point of telling you not to follow."
"Legal business?" Tony sarcastically said.
Peter blushed and lowered his head.
"Em."
Steve didn't debunk him, he just patted him on the back.
"If I remember correctly, this is an area where all the electronics are disabled by interference. So..." Said Spider-Man.
But Spiddy never expected that he would run into what he saw. It took him twenty seconds to speak:
At this time, Spiderman walked up behind him, handed him a hamburger and a coke.
"I was going to say you ought to get a good sleep. You thought of it yourself. But hearing about it is also good for nerves." Steve teased Tony.
The light cannon was shot at Electro. As expected, it was absorbed by him.
I'm not an irresponsible playboy, I'm not him. So, Tony cut out almost everything, stayed in the lab. With Dr. Pym's help, they finally broke through. Professor Elden woke up. Tony cheered, hugged Dr. Pym.
"Well, that makes sense. I thought you wanted an extra favor or something."
"I think today just proved that I can protect myself without armor. And what happened today made me think about how to carry my armor with me to solve this kind of 'Superhero Daily' problem. I have a couple of plans right now. And if I encounter hard guys like Whiplash, I don't think it can be solved by learning three punches and two kicks."
Fortunately, he brought his own backup this time, so he called into the communication device.
The counter punch landed him in the face, and the next hit him in the stomach. He doubled over in pain and coughed violently. He was then kicked in the shin, followed by the back knee. He was kicked to the ground. He heard the laughter of the other children. They crowded around him, and he knew more punches would fall on him. He closed his eyes and let the pain come... But the pain didn't come. A clear, smooth voice rang out.
"You walked most of Manhattan with me late that night, didn't you?"
"That's it?”
Peter's spider sense finally came online at the crucial moment. He found Dani up a tree and shivering in it. Seeing it, Peter happily climbed up the tree and wrapped Dani in silk. Then he tied it strongly with more silk. Finally, he jumped out of the tree with Dani in his arms and handed it over to Seth.
"Closed, why closed?" Unknown why, Spider-Man looked back at the conference room.
"Still so. But with you by my side, the darkness is not so terrible."
Another flash of lightning struck.
"I think I'm the one you need." Thor came out.
Without squinting his eyes, he threw the stone in his hand to the bush next to him, and a hare became a corpse. He calmly stood up, walked over, came back with the hare, pulled out a dagger, began to skin it expertly.
"Turbulence will be fixed as you planned. As for Doom? He still exists. He to destroy, you to build. As I said, the universe must balance. If there is a Tony Stark on that planet, there must also be a Victor von Doom."
"No, I know you know pretty much everything every time you say that."
"Electronic music, video games, racing cars, chasing girls... My hobby, my hobby... It’s... That's all... Youngers' hobbies." Tony was out of breath, but did not forget to argue.
"It's going to be hard for Spider-Man to team up with Hawkeye. His tongue is a powder keg. Has Spider-Man offended Tasha lately?"
"I won't give up! I must find him, with or without your help!" Steve said firmly.
"Some miss." Said Tony, a little lost.
"Almost. You can pick a level. You won't be afraid to lose, would you?"
"I'm not passing the buck. I thought it was the best option and he thought it was the best option."
Tony ducked under the Jet, worked, Spider-man at his side, delivering tools at his request.
"Hey! Silly ice face, do you think you can become a god by deranging a few genetic codes? I don't believe in false gods. In other words, I don't believe in any of the gods! Why don't you try this!"
I was the one who was suspected, the one who was tracked, the one who was hunted, the one who cleaned up the mess he had created, but I was not the one who held his abundant resources. I'm still running around raising money, carefully upgrading an old version armor, and dealing with the various high-tech criminals whom he's been promoting to advanced status. It's not a fair world, is it?"
"It was so long ago. I kind of forgot." Peter scratched his head. That-Spiderman wasn't him. How could he know all of his actions?
"I could, but you have to run a few more laps. I'll go back to the mansion and analyze. I have a theory now, but only a theory. If that's what I suspect..."
"It seems you have been objecting to my plans, like to always be, like to be opposition for the sake of opposition."
Samantha screamed and ran in.
"Professor X? What's happened to him?"
"Hulk is an selden feond in mine lif. I habbe feaht mid him fela langlice beforan, ne sige. Se feoht is an lif and hryre of Midgard, mine lic is badan, Mjolnir earfopne to drafan... (Hulk is really a rare opponent in my life. I have fought with him many times before, no victories. This battle is a life-and-death of Midgard, my body is constrained, Mjolnir is difficult to drive..)" Thor began to rattle on about the details of his battle with the Hulk. Steve chimed in now and then, but he couldn't keep his eyes off the door.
"Doom never regretted what he did." Doom's voice was still cold, but he loosened his grip on Tony.
Maria left the cafe with her mother and Hansen who was their driver and bodyguard. She glanced back at the mustachioed uncle before leaving and finally smiled at him.
A little jealousy welled up in Peter.
"I don't think this is the result of the prolonged winter. It looks like our job has come. Fortunately, I didn't leave. Avengers Assemble!" Tony was suddenly in high spirits.
"Have I been here this long?”
"I wish I could have stayed at the toy shop with you. I don’t like school."
"You really need to upgrade your superhero library. Do you think my name is iron-man, which means my armor is made of iron?" As he said, Iron Man fell slowly to the roar of his jet boots. When he landed, he rushed to the unconscious Steve, holding his head.
After seeing the moustachioed man's magic suitcase, Carbonell was ready to take a gamble. He took out a revolver from a drawer and fired a shot into the chest of the man in front of him.
"I thought you said no one would bother me, but it looks like you slipped your tongue, Ms. Bain." Tony soon composed himself.
"I'm just too busy to talk. The boss behind this guy is trying to keep me busy. If we don't find him, I'll stay busy... Busy, busy, no time to do other things."
"Or more efficient."
In the Avengers family, Peter himself was a bit of a fish out of water. The idea of joining Avengers seems to have started out with a lot of enthusiasm from Tony, and then he announced it tonight in a very high-profile way. I never really think about whether I really want to join Avengers. I just didn't want to spoil his fun, so I obeyed him. But then Peter asked himself, do I really belong here?
"Are they going to put two kids in?"
"They sort of worked it out. Iron Man flew off with Captain America in his arms."
"I have some theories, but they are all guesses. These events are very fragmented, maybe some just happen to happen, maybe some are related." Tony said.
"That's settled, Tasha." Steve said solemnly to the contact device.
When Tony was almost helpless, Doom appeared in front of him.
"So, Hulk was near around again?" Said one.
"Speak of the devil, there he is. The party is interesting now." Hellcat got up, put down the plate, and started to walk to him.
"I created it?!"
“Is it?”
"I think your idea is better."
“Then why don't you ever go to church? "said another little boy. "His father was an alcoholic, and his mother was nowhere to be seen."
Chapter 36
"Well, fine. You contact the other Avengers!"
"Now it's late autumn, we don't really need to drink cold drinks."
"Well, you Avengers have been responsible for more than half the crises on earth." Doom said with a sneer.
"Good fight, almost graduate."
"Tell Tasha you have a cold."
Avengers are not an official body run by the government. We are more like a family; Everyone is a family member. We might have arguments, misunderstandings and lies, but we also have understanding, protection and forgiveness.
"Serious warning. Never go into his lab. There's a lot of dangerous stuff there. Clean up the toy shop? I think he'll be fine with it."
"Who made the superhero circle I know so far, only you and me are similar in age? And after we lived and died together, it is considered a close friend of life."
"Good morning, Steve." Tony said sleepily as he rolled over in his customary way.
"You're on the reserve list, don't you know that?" Tasha said.
Ha, a minor inconvenience since the end of the Great Depression. Damn the '30s. If it is modern, I’ll fly away in my armor. I really miss my armor. I'm dying to build one. If I just lock it in the basement, it shouldn't cause too much trouble. Tony thought.
"To save me? Well, I was sort of saved by accident. But aren't you supposed to have a sidekick called War Machine?"
Arcane Array sent Avengers to the UK -- The Sun
"And you two still think that's a mistake?" Tony interrupted.
Tony 19
"Well, I will tell you one more thing. When you enter this space, you will lose all memories of the original time and space. And you're not the only one. Everyone will lose their memories, including myself."
To T: Time is not a line.
"Ah, ah, it's just a bunch of fish guys on California beach, not Galactus attack. They can handle it. Didn't I also provide Spider-Man's information? He could back up. Or could I say, I betrayed his whereabouts.
Ms. Canaan, Level A Contact: Our Board of Directors sees Starktron as a promising way of wireless communication that could lead to the future of humanity. You have my card, don't you? By the way, are you related to the famous late Tony Stark? You two look a little alike. You both have sweet smiles.
"Don't you want to go to Stark's ball? I think a lot of people would like to get to know you as a genius inventor. Now that the Depression is over, your other inventions will attract a lot of investors, but of course I want you to give Carbonell Industries priority."
"I have made it very simple, okay? Just, you, old man, can’t use it."
"You've given up your armor, you've given up Iron Man, you've given up the Avengers."
"You can't run away now." Bucky said.
Steve had no idea how he had ended up in the East River, on the pier by the abandoned warehouses, where Bucky had taught him how to swim. He forgot how it had all happened. All he knew was that he was dead, that mighty monster, just dead, lying motionless in a pool of blood. He would never hurt anyone again, not his mother, not him. He looked so slight and weak before he died, so fragile and pathetic, his eyes wide open with fear.
Tony didn't look closely at the attic situation. He dropped Kris and flew back. By the time he returned, the main structure of the burning building had started to collapse, some people were still trapped in the fire, and fire trucks were still on the way.
That should be the only intersection in our lives. It will be the topic of conversation at the dinner table and in front of the fire for many days. Their frail old great-grandfather could finally tell them a story not about World War II, about how he was once saved by Iron Man...
"The cut on my arm no longer bleeds. Thank you for the specific." Tony said admiringly.
"I'm not, I'm... No, I've done worse things, I've made worse mistakes, and I'm making a mistake right now... Tony... I...You know, I..." A long pause.
Then I put him to bed. Let him call my name over and over again.
Everyone in the restaurant turned to look at him. Kris, who was sitting opposite Tony, tugged at his sleeve.
I can't believe it. He didn't let me carry armor. It is really unreasonable. Tony recalled the circumstances of his departure this morning.
"Steve, listen to me, don't, don't go any further." said a deep, strong voice. Steve couldn't recognize the voice, but there was something vaguely familiar about it. One of his feet paused in midair.
A suburban house in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
To be continued...
"I have a question." Peter raised his hand slowly.
It was well past midnight when Tony installed the last of the device and returned to the Avengers Mansion. The New Year had already begun before he noticed it. With a sigh of relief, he went straight to Steve's room, flung open the door as usual. Whether he was asleep or awake, he would jump on him, kiss him with all his might, and rub his golden hair.
Bain Tower, New York.
"Emmm."
Paige picked up a model of a woman dressed in black tights and with red hair. She pressed the top button, and the model twirled and leaped, shooting needles from a pair of steel wrists.
"Shh, the guards are coming." Spiddy said.
'What?!"
Looking back on that day in New York, Tony felt that the Avengers had a much easier victory, as if Zodiac didn't really want to fight. Tony hesitated.
They laughed for a long time.
"I'm free!" Kris was pleasantly surprised. "How do you know I like him?"
"Tony, are you sure? We also said it wasn't necessary."
Chapter 35
Avengers Mansion, New York.
"But you wouldn't do that, would you?"
"What Jarvis cooked was not so ugly." Tony said with a smile.
"Tony, how long have you been..." Steve's words hung in the air because the lab was empty.
Tony accompanied Steve in the heroic rescue, even though he is the one who has just been saved.
"The picture?! You know... I thought... I looked for it for a long time afterwards. I thought they had destroyed it."
"You know it?!" Tony turned to Steve and said, "I have my reasons..."
Steve was feeling some ‘happy ending’ at this point tonight, but he knew it wouldn't be ‘the end’ of him and Tony. Because Tony's stupid. He's always stupid. There is no way he could stop his foolishness. The only way is to find out the card in his genius's head before he does folly, so that he can protect him and not lose him again. Steve can't compare which Tony he loves more, but there is only one Tony in his life.
"Yes, if it's just a family kiss." Said Tasha coldly still.
"Just kidding. It would be a terrible mistake if I drank with you around..." Tony reached out his left hand and touched Steve's right hand as he flew the Jet.
As Tony spoke, the Quinjet's autopilot had stopped. Because of the warning, Steve had switched to manual control, temporarily stabilizing it, but it was still jolting.
"She likes you, that's great. Could you please take care of her for me for a while? You know we haven't been able to hire anyone since the accident of her nanny Marilla, so we have to bring her to the party today." Crystal said.
"But I am not you." Tony retorted. "You take off your flag suit and you're still a superhuman with super serum, but without armor I'm just a normal human. I could do nothing in the face of flash floods and earthquakes."
"Well, now is the time for the Avengers." Tasha said with a heavy breath. "Vision, you need to contact all the Avengers on the roster who can come to New York to support us now."
"Last time you were not so mean, praised me for doing a good job, this time why started settling old scores?"
When Tony finally turned in his paper on time, he was relieved. After getting Kris back to her dorm, instead of returning to Avengers Mansion, he flew to Dr. Octopus's lab. He incorporated the data of the Colorado tornado that just happened, and stayed in the laboratory ever since.
"All right, back and call an Avengers meeting." Steve said.
"Out! You little bastard!" A gruff male voice with a heavy Irish accent.
Professor Elden's house turned into an igloo. By the time they arrived and found her, she was an ice sculpture. Tony sent her to the hospital.
"Lay down your arms, it's not too late to surrender. I will state your surrender to the authorities."
‘I can't be on duty all the time. You're still on your own most of the time. So try to follow the original record of the quondam Earth, keep the direction, and don't go too far.’
"It’s not me. I came at a call. Iron Man sent you here."
Another flash of lightning struck. Tony hit back with sound waves. Electro was knocked back a few steps, but quickly came back.
"Stayed a little too long."
The Iron Man flew in through the open window and landed on the carpet.
"It's more complicated than that. He's gone far away, and he doesn't know how to get him back."
"Can I confess something?"
“Fire!”
Tony picked Peter up and flew. On the way, he called up the train schedule and route map. A passenger train was less than a kilometer from where the mudslide buried the track. Tony immediately hacked into the transit system's communications.
"I mean you're tired. You need a rest."
"I danced with Tony at that party." Wanda said bluntly. "I asked him a question, 'How long can you hold on if someone you love no longer has an emotional connection to you? 'It was really a self-answering question, but Tony answered it anyway, saying,' It won't be long. I'll move on. '"
"Thanks, but I have a date today." Tony grinned.
He had that dream countless times, each time with a slightly different detail, but it was always the same scene, always the same name that could not be uttered. He knew the name wasn't "Peggy", so he felt guilty every time he woke up to see her. So he never told Peggy about the dream. So he left their room, left their house, every time. He loved his wife, his two children, his family, but it was only on a night like this that he wanted to walk out into the wind.
"Tony told me." Peter said.
Doom's laughter paused and a secret door beside him opened.
"Tony, you broke my shield."
"That should get enough attention." Said Tony, who was sitting in the front seat. "There will be news about it in at least three pages of the Washington Post tomorrow."
Although the tornado has passed, but the wind is still around the nine. There are no pedestrians in this sparsely populated town. Many houses collapsed. A row of telegraph poles and trees fell.
The policeman came forward, twisted their arms and handcuffed them. Tony had just been hit in the shoulder; The action was painful.
Five minutes after Steve rushed in, Tony swaggered in with the detector. All the way was knocked out of the mercenaries and the Zodiac agents.
"You are very kind, Mr. Krats." Said Mrs. Carbonell. "Maria, do you want ice cream?"
"Is it a man or woman this time?"
Steve has been a somewhat formidable leader of Avengers for many years. When he fell silent in his thoughts, the only two people who would dare to interrupt him were Thor and Tony. But today Thor was back in Asgard for the holidays. And Tony was supposed to be the cause of Cap’s bad mood. Tony hadn't been home for months, and today was Christmas Eve. Everyone looked at each other. Nobody knew who to call back Cap. Finally, Wanda stepped forward. Hawkeye admired her courage.
Tony tried not to contradict Doctor Octopus. It was not a good idea to argue with him now.
"Liar, I don't believe it at all. How on earth did you find me?"
"What else did you say? Better tell me all about them, so we can be on the same page when Kris asks about them." Tony continued to ask uncomfortably.
Tony said no words. He couldn't answer. When Meredith McCall became a vegetative state, he contacted Dr. Pym to help, but after that he didn't follow up. He didn't mean to, he was just too busy...busy upgrading armor, busy in science LABS, busy for university courses, busy joining Avenger missions and training, busy being hunted down... and... busy in Steve Dizzy...
Chapter 33
Christmas Eve in the village of Gawthrop, Yorkshire Dales, UK.
To be continued...
"We set out to attack the Zodiac base." Steve restored the calm, commanding the team.
Tony was surrounded by a group of fraternity brothers who had been waiting for him for some time.
"Growing up is such a disaster."
"A few minutes? Hours?"
"You have been sitting on it for so long, your feet are numb, right? This stair must be ten metres high. I don't want to sign your cast."
As he looked out into the light of New York City, Tony felt lonely. Five months ago, Steve broke into his home with the Avengers, disrupting his quiet life. He was so desperate to follow him into this strange world. He had never given much thought to what the departure would mean to him. He had lost almost everything, his parents, his friends, his old life, everything he knew. The reason for leaving, Tony told himself, was to avenge his parents. But with Kang's failure and the death of his future self, the original reason has already ceased to exist.
"That's why I told you to eat something before you rush out. We can't catch them all at once." Steve said.
"She was obviously his first victim. Because it was sent too late, the doctor said the low temperature damaged her brain cells. She is very difficult to wake up in a vegetative state.”
“The size and weight are just right, my calculation is completely correct. I just need to slide it down to replace the original one. It won't set off the alarm.”
Five minutes later,
"The Great Depression is over, but bigger troubles may be ahead of us, so we need to be ready before then. I think this kind of social interaction would be of great benefit to you and to Carbonell Industries, and that is one of the important reasons why I was suggesting that you move your headquarters to New York City."
"Asked Spider-Man. I put a shield around his neck and threatened to cut off his spider's head if he didn't tell me where Doctor Octopus's lab was." Steve said and matched the action.
"So, do you regret it?" Steve said.
That was the first time I called him Tony. Am I really naive? For so many years, I haven't thought about Iron Man and Tony Stark are the same one. Perhaps deep in my heart, I have known for a long time, the person who fought side by side with me and the person who gave me a home are the same one. And the Tony Stark whom I just saw off is him or not really matters? Anyway, there's only one Tony Stark, and only one Tony lives in my life.
"I'd like to, but I can't. I'm too busy making money." Said Spider-Man gloomily.
"That's not a stupid thing."
"Great! That's so great! We can go to school together, back home together, fishing together, swimming together. You can teach me how to fight, and I'll teach you how to draw, if you want to. Then, then we can be together every day!"
"Tasha, you don't really have to come yourself." Steve said.
Chapter 14
"Tony, you know what?
Captain America was flying the Quinjet, with Iron Man in his copilot seat.
When Krats came out of the basement, Jarvis was already waiting outside, some clothes in his arms. He put on his overcoat, hat, and stick.
"Forget the damn shift, it's early morning, they're all back, so you're off." He left another row of teeth mark on Steve's neck. After a pause, he lowered his voice, whispered in Steve's ear, "Now you just need to think of me... Only think of me..."
Clint never had such a strong desire to acquire superpowers. If he had Professor X's mind control, he could shut this guy up. He doesn't know how he's offended Tasha lately, has been sent on a mission with this guy.
"According to my calculations, it's the safest place... We'll meet there... Zzzzz, you're in charge of the east side of the river... Two villages... Did you hear that?"
"Ha-ha, my friend, Thor, you've lost the bet this time." Steve said with a smile.
"You caught me?"
This time Steve didn't get off his raised hand, but lightly patted the crying child in his arms on the back.
"You...... You don't have to be for me... If only I could go back in time, it would all come to an end."
“Tony?”
"Liar. Your body is more honest than your mouth. Tony, it's hot again. You're not cold, are you?" Steve said as he slid down Tony's bare back, a shudder rising in his movements.
"He and I don't have anything in common. If anything, it's wearing a uniform and beating up some bad guys." Tony's smile widened as he remembered those times.
"And then? What did you find?" Bucky's story captured Steve's undivided attention. He forgot about their situation and listened carefully to Bucky.
"Ah..." Tony blurted out the cries he had been suppressing. The implant in his chest flickered with the master's strong quiver.
"It doesn't matter. You're just doing your job. We came here today as a secret, and met the assailants on the way. It was inconvenient to identify ourselves." Steve patted the policeman on the shoulder and smiled.
Dr. Octopus’s drug, it turns out that Steve is not immune.
"It doesn't matter. Just call me ‘Steve’ when you're not on task. Call 'Old Man' in private is fine. After all, I was born in the 1920s. He used to call me 'Old Man'.”
"You finally know who you are."
"You're more important than you think."
"People call him Captain America."
"An idiot Stark hired."
Maria Hospital.
Thunder in the middle of the night woke Tony from a light sleep. He went to the window to look out. Outside, the wind and hail were falling from the sky. The ground shook under Tony's feet. He heard a distant roar and the sound of falling rubble. A terrible idea entered his mind. He ran back to the bed and shook Peter awake from his sleep.
"No need. The frat was prepared for this kind of thing."
"Disgusting. You really have peculiar eccentricities, Dr. Octopus. That's where Spider-Man would go."
"Who else?"
Krats got into the car, raised his legs, and leaned back comfortably in the leather chair.
"Wait, Benji, I don’t want to join... I'd actually like to go back..."
"When this is over, I'm going to have a long holiday. The Avengers has been handed back to you two. Chief is a real backbreaking job. You can keep your couple-shop." Tasha smiled at Tony, slid gracefully into the vortex.
"I think what he taught me about fighting could come in handy." Imagining that picture, Tony's lips began to curl. "But not so fast. I'm attracted to Kris and I want to continue with her. I mean we're the same age. We have a lot in common. We have mutual friends on campus. I'm really comfortable with her. We're on the same page in bed..."
When Tony arrived, Steve was in the middle of a fight with Electro. His shield was struck by Electro's light, and the electric current from Vibranium was directed through Steve's body, causing him to tremble.
Tony took the video game out of his pocket and handed it to Steve.
"Believe it or not, Doom is above lying." Doom shrugged off Ironman's provocation, then said with a sneer, "I know who did these, but all I can say is that Tony Stark made too many enemies. I can tell you, but it's a lot less fun, isn't it?"
"Hm... "This caught Peter, trying to think. "Magical Teleportation by Dr. Strange."
"I actually... only lied to you." Steve said, biting hard at Tony's collarbone on the shoulder and neck, leaving a red stain.
"You are very generous. It looks very valuable." Mrs. Rogers looked down at the round shield put into her hand.
"Stop it! Avengers won't let you destroy summer in Manhattan." With a shout, a shield flew up and smashed the icicles.
Tony is not much of an art lover; art to him is just a stream of consciousness. Tony is more pragmatic. He believes in measurement. He believes in what the evidence said rather than what was imagined. But Kris loves art, and it's easy for Tony to figure out what she likes from her profile. Tony always knows how to make a girl happy.
"Isn't it supposed to rain all year round in England?" Peter interjected.
"I've made my choice." Said Tony, biting his lip.
It was well past midnight when the carriage arrived at the farm. Kris stretched and breathed. "At last."
"Niiiiighnt, Jar... Jarvis." Said Tony, blushing.
“What is it, Tony?”
"It's too early to talk about love." Tony thought for a moment and answered. "I don’t think I’m ready to afford this word, and everything it stands for."
"Thanks, you look great, too." Kris said.
"Wait for the people who brought us down to come to us."
"You know, I really understand you. They don't trust me either." Tony said. "Black Widow deliberately grounded me. Hawkeye treats me like a wicked seed.”
Tony may be very good at wiping a girl's tears, but he doesn't know how to comfort a wounded man, especially this man.
"I am not."
"I'm her friend. She's an exchange student from London. It's an emergency. I haven't been able to contact her family."
"That will take ten years!"
"No, we can go on."
There was another long pause.
"When did they find out?”
"I will feel dizzy at height."
"Mmmm..."
Hank came over, too.
"That's it."
"Ouch! Again, I'm human. You're superhuman."
“Don't let me see you again, you little bastards!” The policeman covered in paint was yelling at the two little bastards as they disappeared.
"Well. All right."
"Iron Man? I've heard so much about you. What mission are you on here today?" Said Bain.
"You woke, Tony." A voice came out of the darkness. The detection device in Tony's armor immediately identified the voice's owner.
"Since you have confessed your family, then I will confess mine." Tony said. "I'm actually related to the late, famous Tony Stark."
"She would have sneaked back in afterwards, helped him up, and taken the portrait. She should be his first love, one of his best childhood memories, one of the most important reasons for him to believe in the bright side of human nature at an early age."
Steve shook his head in self-mockery, turned to leave the lab. He went back to his room, lay on his bed, still unable to sleep. Then he sat up, opened the drawer, took out the watch that was paired with Tony’s. He stared at it for a long time. Then he got up, dressed and headed for the simulation training room. He needed to find some more robots to beat up.
"I will carry you back. The average speed of my armor is 490.028 times that of your motorbike. Aren't you hush to go back?" Tony picks up Steve, heads for the Avengers mansion. Steve was still thinking about his motorbike on air.
"Does that mean they know each other?"
I'm such a fool. I've always been such a fool. Tony cursed himself.
"The man."
"The good news is that the chaotic space-time energy is all confined in its shell. In other words, if we solve it, we solve the space-time turbulence problem once and for all."
They slept a little too long that night, so they were late for the founders voting meeting the next day. When they walked in awkwardly, saying sorry, noticed they were the first to arrive, others were late too. When everyone was there, they voted. Not surprisingly, Spiderman got five votes.
And then I will forget everything, only him in my mind. I just said his name. "Steve..."
Steve shook his head, still looking at him reluctantly.
"Did your spider sense anything?"
"Let's go home," said Tony softly.
"I am going to try to make you forget your imagination at this moment."
“Well, this small toy, please turn over to him after he wakes up." Krats gave the shield to Mrs. Rogers.
"' Captain America '? I've never heard of it."
"Tony, you came here." Steve's voice came over the built-in communication system.
"And I have an important plan today." With these words Krats took out his watch and looked at the time. "Oh, no. It seems that I've got to leave."
Tony 19
"Thank you... Er... Thanks......"
The sunrise in the Grand Canyon was so beautiful, everything was dyed red, including the man sleeping next to him. Steve couldn't help looking at him for a long time. When Tony rolled over, half awake, opened his eyes, he was greeted with a long kiss.
"Don't move back as you wish."
"What's the use of things that have been phased out?" Bain smoothed untidy hair with her right hand, folded her long slender legs. She calmly replied, "Bain is now the industry leader in modern intelligent technology systems. We don’t need Stark's obsolete armor designs." Bain accented the word "obsolete."
"Probably."
Steve looked at the open door, shook his head. He got out of bed, closed the door. He was tired. He told himself he should get a little sleep before the Avengers' morning meeting, but lay flat on his back with his arms behind his head, he couldn't sleep for a long time. So, he simply dressed, went to the conference room, only to find it empty. It seemed that after yesterday's big fight, no one was going to show up on time today. Then he headed to the simulation training room to find some robots to beat up.
Tony looked around at the situation, confused. He glanced at Steve, saw anger on his face.
"You want to hear the old stories again?
He hated his self-possession, his reasonable, his steadiness, and the considerate captain's image. He liked to smash his shields, unleash the beast inside him. In particular, it was him who broke them. Tony could feel his heart celebrating victory, his blood boiling. As the shins of his lower legs rubbed against his shins, Tony felt the closeness of his desire for his naked body. Tony's body trembled uncontrollably as he bit his neck. When his kiss fell back to Tony’s lips, it became so soft and comfortable, he responded lightly. No longer the captive state let Tony put his arms about his neck. It was a very long kiss... The lack of oxygen and the warm steam in the bathroom made Tony feel drowsy again, and he really fell asleep.
"It's not too far from turning here in California anyway. Besides, I wanted to see Captain America and Iron Man being escorted into the police station for a street fight."
Tony tapped at high speed. Lines of code were passing in front of him. Yes, he did. He left the back door. The armor designs also hide a secondary security code that automatically sends out a specific frequency signal once the data is off the mainframe. Just track that signal, I can find the missing designs.
"We are not pagans. My mother is a devout Christian, and she told me that faith comes from within, so we're not going to your church." Steve explained anxiously.
"You're amazing! There's been a lot going on lately, a lot going on inside the Avengers. We lost Cap, we lost Tony, we lost Thor, thanks to you, we got through it.
"Oh." Peter answered, indicating that he was still listening.
“Tony?”
"Can I not know the details?"
"Such an honor to meet you, Mrs. Carbonell." Krats bent over and kissed Mrs. Carbonell's hand in the long black silk glove.
"I think so, but he's not at the base right now. When he comes back, we will be dead."
Steve stood up slowly, mixed emotions in his blue eyes.
"Clearly this time."
"Until you broke my motorbike for no reason, and you broke my shield. Ah, my shield, you just sent it flying. It landed in Central Park."
Paige stood up and explored the shop with interest. She knew this toy shop, and she was full of curiosity, but was afraid to go in, because no children dared. The children said that the shopkeeper was an evil wizard who could manipulate monsters and launch attacks. Steve laughed his head off at Paige's anecdotal stories and brought her over.
"Also, as you already know, I only hacked into the Forever Crystals' system, so I can't keep in touch with you or send you back here at any time. You'll be on your own for a long time after you get over this time. You have to figure out how to live in those times, including financial needs."
Tony 19
"The one you went to the island with last time for training. Don't you think he looks charming when he smiles? I wish I could have the luck you have."
Arizona, now.
The scene cut to the train station.
"Maria Hospital, outside the SICU."
Tony's social life is rich, too. He's even taken up tennis to make himself less of a pale lab boy. This obviously made him more popular. Many girls wrote down their phone numbers on his hand. At this time, a girl named Kris DeGann came into his life. She worked as a plane model and used her modeling income to pay for her college education. Her efferent enthusiasm infected Tony, warmed him up this summer. When she was around, Tony's throbbing made him convinced that the feeling that Steve got close to him in the training room that day was just his own hallucinations, and it didn’t really happen. So, Tony threw himself into his real life, ready to embark on a passionate campus romance. And then something happened that made everything go wrong...
"I know now." Peter said. "When people ask me, I can't help answering. Sorry, Tony. '
"Blah, blah, blah... Can you old man tell any new jokes? I've lost all interest in the way you see me ten years later. I'm not a saint, but I'm not a monster either. Believe me, I also want to continue to stay in the future and play with you. The game between us was still a little interesting. But because of my existence, the earth is going to be destroyed, tick-tock...... What does that sentence say? ‘Time does not wait for me’. What can I do?
Tony strode past the fallen Electro toward Steve. He walked over to Steve, took off his helmet. The spray instantly wet his hair.
"You've come back now."
There are a lot of benefits to not being on Quinjet. It's so loud, it would raise eyebrows among the rest of the mansion. It was early, they could slip back into the room, just in time to do some dirty things. Just thinking about it made Tony hot.
"Thanks, Jane. You designed the garment yourself... Well, it’s very... Colorful."
"He's not the Tony you know, he's from 10 years ago, he's only 19, he's just a kid."
"All the same."
"Or if you don't want to go, we could do something else." Bain's hands around Iron Man's neck didn't let him go. With her leaning back, Tony can see the arc of her breast. He leaned forward to pursue the temptation.
They were escorted to a police car.
"Thieves! Don't try to run!" The guard shouted, instantly triggering the alarm. The thieves, who appeared to be familiar with the museum's construction, had already made their way to the unblocked exits. The guard who arrived later only caught the one in front of him holding the painting.
"The watch he confiscated is also a locator beacon. I have recently added this function. Because the last time I got lost on campus. I was just thinking about what the heck map would be need if it could be connected to satellite direct navigation, so, I updated it."
"Tony Stark's security protocols were not supposed to be easy to break, and you definitely didn't hold him off long enough. And don't you forget, he wouldn't be here at all if I hadn't instigated the media to put pressure on him." Said the mysterious man. "Voluntary devotement? Hum... Don't you enjoy this initiative?"
"Jarvis, take out all the reds and pinks, fan ribbons and fuzzy bears and throw them out. Remove all those sweet little portraits from the show window and put them in the box. I still like the shop the way it was."
Tony patted Peter on the shoulder and hurried away. Peter looked thoughtfully at Tony as he left: Peter and Tony, Spider-Man and Iron Man, at least I can be part of both of his two lives.
As the New Year's sunshine came in through the window, Tony woke up, and he rolled over to the man behind him around his neck and kissed him gently on his lips.
"I am the new life form, I am the force of nature, I am Frostbite, you pathetic mortals are utterly vulnerable to the force of nature. Your weapon for me, but is children playing toys." A human frost monster fires icicles at New York police officers surrounding him, and the bullets they fire back crumble in the cold.
"Won't you?”
Armor deplete energy quickly, while Electro's energy is endless. He can absorb the electrostatic particles around him and convert any energy into electricity for his own use. He is like a transformer.
“Surprise!”
"Remember that creepy alarm system on my door?"
Sure enough, the chest implant has a tiny adsorbent screen that filters out toxins. So now I don't need to neutralize the poison, I just need to filter it out before it gets into Steve's blood.
"Tony... Are you sure you want to do this? I don't think it's a good idea. So many people were here, the matter could be discussed at a better time, maybe next time." Whispered Spiderman.
"Sure, the good neighbor spiderman is always at your service." Peter said.
To be continued......
A flash of lightning hit Steve. Tony raised the shield to protect him.
"When I came to the future, was that you? Is that the Peter I always know is you?"
"Thanks, Pete. But I must go now."
"Well, let me clear my head. Are you going to attack us?"
"What happened after that?"
No answer came from the room, but he went on.
“He was bothering you before." Replied the brown-haired child.
"Do you remember that party? The party before Spider-Man joined in."
"In other words, I have to stay for 10 years or more before half a century without computers, no internet, no satellite communications and far away from any modern high technology! Kill me now! Isn't he just a lonely boy who needs company? Can't we send him a dog instead?"
"I'm not going to. And is it useful? Didn't the employer behind you already know? Isn't he always having trouble with Iron Man? He already knew I am Iron Man. But I also know one thing. He didn't want to kill Tony Stark, he just wanted to destroy Iron Man."
"I don't."
But now Tony was full of Steve. The wave that he had just gone through was still in Tony's blood, eating away the throbs he had been from Kris. So, he involuntarily looked toward the door again, and did not notice the disappointment in Kris's eyes.
‘Damn it! Libra! #&@% Looks like you've cut a short way into my head. That's convenient. Get out of here! ’
"Aha, can we go to your room without any trouble now? It doesn't matter if it gets in the way. You know I can handle it. Only you can't, Old Man."
He hadn't been home in days. His hair was messy, his eyes were red, and there was nothing but whiskey on his table. He could not look like this to investors.
They parked in a private place, put on the clothes of ordinary people, mixed with the crowd. At least today they're just Steve and Tony.
"So, you had a plan?"
"Don't explain, Tony." The Black Widow waved her hand. "You two take care of your business. From the day one, Avengers founding, there were written rules against interference in the private lives of members. You wrote those rules precisely, Tony."
"Okay, Iron Man." Tasha stood up.
"Not technically. Your future self just fixed it."
"Tony, Tony, please don't leave me, don't leave me."
"Looks like someone's trying to be a hero today, want save the bastard. Don't you ever go out without a brain, hmm? You're only one, but you want to defeat us, uh?" Said the tall, stout boy in the cap who led the way.
"Huh, understaffed? You won't wake me up."
"What is it?
"We're still young, aren't we? You can still go through this horrible growth, going through it with me. We can grow up together, grow old together, not too old. And one day I'll be the great Iron Man, you'll be the great Spider-Man."
Bucky didn't ask any further questions. He slipped through Steve's propped door. Steve followed, closed the door quietly. There was no sound.
Spider-man mused.
"Steve..."
"He did it for me..."
"It doesn't matter if I break it, does it? I can always ask you to fix it." Said Peter, stopping his laughter.
"Tony! There must be another way!"
"Cap, how is your mission going?"
Then Tony fell asleep again. Steve fell asleep smelling Tony's hair.
"Who is next? "Asked Spider-Man.
"You are such a spoony bigotry." Tony laughed. “I'm glad I'm not you.'
"Then you'll see that the Avengers can't get anything done if they're busy dealing with questions."
God granted his wish.
"I didn't."
"What is it?" Kris said.
"I know you're brave. But after this matter, you can consider making a different choice."
"It pains your conscience to lie with me?"
Steve leaned over. The whip came at him against the tarmac road. Steve rolled so fast that the whip did not hurt him. Tony was hiding under the car. A little paw stuck out of his gauntlet, clipped the whipping whip. It shrank back quickly before the electric light came. It was done without anyone knowing it.
"I want to go!" Tony glared at Steve. They were deadlocked.
Maria Hospital, 7:23 a.m.
"And no matter what, I'll be there for you. Spider-Man will be there for Iron Man; Peter will be there for Tony." Peter said affectionately.
Steve looked up in disbelief and opened his eyes wide. Then his face flushed again, and his tongue was once more tied.
"Tony! You had been sitting there watching me fight!"
"He's just busy, busy looking at the shop, which is always busy." Steve made up an excuse for Bucky being late.
"Have you decided to give up? Tony Stark."
“You asked for it!”
It was noon when Tony woke up again. He stretched himself and sat up. A little reluctant to face the minutia of everyday life. Tony clicked on his watch, opened his voicemail. Sure enough, there were hundreds of messages. Tony recently added an automatic filter system that automatically ranks messages by contact, saving him a lot of time. At this point he only selects messages from people with an A or higher level. The message begins in chronological order:
Steve knows Hawkeye dislikes Tony, so he changed the subject.
"That makes sense, it's you exactly who he is looking for."
"Tony, he's pissing you off. Don't come out."
"That's what I'm worried about. Don't let anything that is so far ahead of the technology of that time come into existence that it will gravely disrupt the timeline. You already know the consequences of creating an extreme paradox."
"It won't be me. I mean, it's Avengers, right? The greatest heroes in the world, I'm just a former criminal, a wandering mutant, I'm just..."
Two blocks down the road, Krats remembered the naggings of Libra and said to Harold, "Well, I've changed my mind. Let's go find a random nightclub in Manhattan."
"Iron Man, suddenly so gallant, what do you want?"
"I want to do a lot of bad things, like never getting out of bed."
"Congrats, Vic. You ‘pop’ like this, all my data is ruined. I don't have a habit of saving files every minute."
“I don't think it's any of your business!" Tony fought back.
Everyone looked into the middle of the drawing room. Peter was horrified to suddenly be the center of attention.
He did not dry his hair, the water dripped down his forehead, down his cheek, down his ears, down his neck, and onto the collar of his baseball shirt.
"Do you think he should apologize?"
"What we need now is a vanguard with the same strength as Thor, and it has to be a one-shot punch, or else its density will change again and the position of weakness will change. There's another person who can do this, but... Given that we hunted him down a while ago..."
The End – The Beginning
Steve noticed the light on the watch flashing. He expected it. Sure enough, Tony has tricks on his sleeve. He didn't know how many toys he had confiscated from That-Tony. How his little trick had escaped his notice. So, he went back to the camp, put on the watch, hoping he was right. When he pressed the button, Tony's hologram popped up.
"Whiplash, your wife is not present today. All you have to do is say who's behind it. We can offer you witness protection, your whole family."
"He is already guarding you. He guards every child who is afraid." Bucky reached over and touched Steve's chest. "He's in your heart."
"My obsession..." Tony recalled the moment. The red, white and blue figure disappeared in the memory of the space-time vortex. He desperately wanted to seize the memory.
One of the officers picked up a pager: "Six people are injured 1800 yards left on the National Mall, please send an ambulance. Two suspects have been arrested."
"And I spent the whole night thinking about making a machine that would erase all of your memories of this event."
'What time is it? Jarvis."
"Kris is a nice girl. I will take good care of her." Tony gently took Kris's hand and grinned.
But lost is lost, I will attend those so-called training sessions."
New York City, late at night, now.
"We'll talk when you cool off." Steve turned around, crossed the lane on his right into another street. Other rays fell down from the sky, caving in the road in front of Steve.
"I could have to solve this matter earlier. But I... I procrastinated time unconsciously. To fight with you, just the two of us... Let me... It made me so happy. When I came to the future, after so many chaotic things, it was the first time I was so happy. That makes me forget that so many people in the world are still counting on us... counting on Avengers."
"More than that, I have been monitoring data for quite a long time."
"Yes, Thor, it's a big thing for you." Tony said.
"Now, Steve!” Tony shouted.
Just as they were flying over the Grand Canyon, the Quinjet made a violent jolt and all the dials began to spin.
"Great..." Then Peter fell down tired.
Tony felt his body. The armor was still on him. So he felt more at ease. He activated various detection devices in the armor, but nothing was detected. Within the detectable range of the armor, no people, no living things, no known material exists.
30 kilometers away.
"Did you find out by sneaking into Dr. Octopus's lab? Funny, just you? An old fellow who doesn't graduate from art."
But Tony didn't recognize the person who was answering the phone. He was too flustered.
"That's all right, I know you did your best, but on the bright side there were no serious injuries or deaths today. As two rookie duos, we were not bad." Tony encouraged Peter. But he thought it would be better not to give Peter the social task next time.
"Only his armor, can't see his face, unlike the others." Tony looked closer. "But you injected expression into these armor paintings, as if they have thoughts, as if he and his armor are all one."
Yes, there she was, slumped in a corner. Tony ran at her. The armor system diagnosed her immediately. Her signs were normal, just a few bruises. She was briefly unconscious.
From the lab, Krats watched the scene unfold through a monitor on a screen. He shrugged, headed down and continued to build his "toy," which took shape like a silver armor stack of iron buckets.
"I turned off the source for a while, but not for long. If it stays away too long, that will draw the attention of the Time Keepers."
"Spiddy, Spiddy."
"Isn't that what you wanted? Aren't you trying to force me to give up my identity as Iron Man by putting obstacles in my way?"
Steve was piloting a Quinjet. Tony was sitting next to him in the copilot.
I've been playing by your rules for a long time. Maybe it's time to play the game my way. Tony thought. He walked down a dark alley, pushed a button on his backpack, and flew away as Iron Man.
Just then, Peter noticed someone pulling on his uniform; a little girl looking up at him.
"All right, all right. Don't come! No! Ohmy! I'm so scared!" Steve shivered. Then he started running around the shelves. Bucky was running after him.
Date Kris, go to a modern art show on the weekend, ask the florist for flowers, book a candlelit dinner at a restaurant and a hotel for two, and check in for two... Tony hesitated on this one. She shouldn't be able to get out of the hospital this weekend. Tony told himself. So, he changed the memo to: Visit Kris at Maria hospital. Priority 3.
“You haven't had your breakfast yet? Tony." Peter said.
"First time meeting a stubborn old Brooklyn man, aha?" Steve burst out laughing. "Thank you, Wanda, thank you all. I'm fine. No more wait. Now let’s go to a Christmas dinner. I wonder if Jarvis has improved his cooking again this year."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Cap, the meeting has been cancelled, we're on our way to California now. Our seafloor residents, once again protesting against Marine pollution, threw back a pile of garbage. The coastal villas area was half buried. The Atlanteans armed protesters occupied the beach, scaring people away in chaotic scenes. The government has asked the United Nations to coordinate a settlement with Atlantis. We are rushing to maintain order and protect people."
"I think they can understand my desire for 'cake'. I'm sure they won't mind."
"Well, satisfy your old Westerns, count stars by the campfire, wait for the sunrise."
“It's a bit dark here, isn't it?" Bain said as she approached Iron Man. The moment she reached him, she slipped out of his sight with a sideways smile, sat down on the next sofa. Her hand that didn't hold the glass smoothed the wrinkles out of the skirt.
"Nonsense, you'll be fine even if I put on my armor and jump up. At the moment, you're supposed to say, 'Welcome back, Tony.'"
Steve stopped.
"Tony! Are you going to fight hand to hand again on nothing but a pair of gauntlets?"
"Can't stand you, blue-eyed Bambi. All right, all right, do you want a hug?"
"I'd like to think you've seen our smart defense system firsthand on your trip. In my opinion, this incident can also be fully explained by the fact that Stark Enterprises used the stolen old designs as an excuse to steal Bain’s new technology. Especially after Tony Stark's death, it is difficult to keep the business going, isn’t it? Are you already talking about a merger with Fujikawa in Japan?" Said Bain. She slid her fingers on her upturned legs. Her long scarlet fingernails, paired with flesh-colored stockings, made her look more enchanting in the dark light.
"Thanks, Vic. Would you accept the post of my personal assistant? Now it's vacant."
"I'm thinking of a long-term loan shark." Steve's eyes ran over Tony's body.
"Something like that."
Jarvis came up with the plate.
“Again?”
A minute later, Tony put on his helmet, and called up the database.
"Can I keep this shield? I can help pay for it. I can help Mr. Krats brush beakers, organize lab materials, and clean up the toy shop. I can do all that."
"No, go back to sleep. I just need to go to the yard and have a breeze." Steve sat up.
"Yes, you stayed here for so long."
"You need a mug of hot chocolate."
"No. Don't you know everything under the window? The one who hired him has high-end technology. It's above me. I can't figure it out yet, so let him go. And he/she isn’t going to kill me at all, just trying to get me to give up Iron Man identity. Spymaster will go back, send word. He/she will know that I have fully understood the purpose, and I will never give up my armor. I think he/she will back off, stop bothering me."
Steve laid down his shield, which he had polished 300 times tonight, approached Tony, did what he had been expecting all night, took off Tony's clothes... Like old westerns, bonfires, coffee, chickpeas, acoustic guitars, old stories... Under moonlit and starry night sky, holding the person in your heart now.
They slipped away, went back into Steve’s room and closed the door. As usual, as soon as the door closed, they exchanged kisses, and exchanged words between kisses.
Bang! The sound of his mother hitting the table. Crash! The sound of the table toppling over. He hit her. He hit her again. His mother's cry pierced Steve's heart and his hands clenched into fists. His heart ached, he was angry, but he was also afraid. His father is invincible, tall, strong. He has tusks. He is a monster, a demon, the incarnation of all his nightmares together.
"You know what, Pete?"
Steve, Level S+ Contact: A level 5+ tornado broke out in Colorado. A large number of super criminals took the opportunity to escape. All the Avengers who can be contacted are on the way. I didn't wake you up. You’d better eat something before you rush out.
"That... Hm... Tony told me." Peter picked up Gatlin and walked out to avoid more questioning from Kris.
Tony held on to Doom's wrist to keep him from running away. He was very suspicious of Doom's purpose, but he had no better choice at the moment.
It was already dark, they crossed the National Mall, turned into a hidden path, walked slowly towards where the Quinjet was parked.
"That, it's going on." Tony continued his vague answer.
"All right, all right, thanks, guys. Can I get my birthday presents now?"
3. Away from home, playing by opponent's rules."
Jane was so happy, drank a lot of champagne, basically danced with everyone until her high hair fell over her shoulders. Finally, Hank stepped forward, helped Jane to the study, which was full of old photographs and memories of their past. Jane drank too much, fell into his arms.
"He's a boring old man in strange alien armor. I don't want to hook up with him."
"Well, now you say I am silly."
Steve's shield flew out, caught in the long whip of the Whiplash. A light from Tony's machine fell on the shield. The shield shook quickly, and the whip that wrapped the shield shattered into pieces.
"This... Does Steve want this toy shield? I'll pay you."
"It was almost two hours of fighting. I'm starving. I feel like I could eat a row of hamburgers. I've torn down this noshery. Don't go in there. Go to the corner one." Tony picked up Steve and left.
Tony lifted the shield.
Tony pulled up his swivel chair to the table, grabbed the sandwiches on the plate, and began to eat. When the taste of peanut butter came into his mouth, it was sweet to him. He wolfed down the sandwich, sticking out his tongue and licking the crumbs at the corners of his mouth. Steve smiled as he finished his meal.
"How is it possible? I have been in this place for less than a month. Few people know the armor pilot has been changed. I'm just a transfer student in NY, 19 years old with a simple background. Has he been away from Earth lately? The message has been a bit sluggish. He doesn't know that Tony Stark is dead."
"Almost."
The guard did not go out two steps, was directly knocked unconscious by a shield. Steve jumped down.
Tony explained, but the excited Peter did not hear much. In the moonlight and in the reflection of the glass, Peter saw himself, the dominant color of scarlet, the stripes of black, the dark stripes of yellow on his belly, an armored spider crawling up the glass side of the building on its eight feet. The armor was thin, fitting, light, and agile, not much heavier than his usual uniform.
Avengers Mansion, now.
"My God, Tony, don't you have a hobby other than staying in the lab?"
The train rocked slowly. Peter, who was sitting opposite Tony, fell asleep. Then Kris fell asleep on Tony's shoulder. Tony took out his book, continued drawing the draft for Spider Armor. He started shortly after the journey started. The journey was too long. He was too bored. Looking at Peter, he got some inspiration and started on his long-delayed design.
"Time is not a line." Doom said quietly.
"Maybe... Possibly... Probably... Never."
"The password." Spiddy protested.
"More than that, my monitoring shows that every time you get close to him, your body temperature drops to a low point and climbs slightly apart from him, but it's still lower. My body temperature doesn't seem to be affected much. More and more people were freezing around us, though they were not close to him. I need to run a contact test on him. You get his attention. I'll shave off some of his skin and analyze."
"Go to hell, don't pollute our eyes."
"Cap, are you sure you wouldn't consider changing to a laser shield? I can build one for you, or add some remote control to your old one, so that it can point and hit anywhere without having to practice a thousand times. Build you an armor that provides more reliable protection than your flag suit. Of course, after I have more money, I am relatively poor now. He died and left me nothing, but I have a few ideas that would solve my financial problems."
"Whiplash, no matter who your employer is, your act of hurting the innocent only for money is unjust." Steve fought and retreated, leading the Whiplash to Tony's direction.
Tony was afraid. The future was completely unknown. For the first time as a 'future man', Tony was filled with a sense of powerlessness about the future. He tried to hold on to all the memories of Steve, but the memory gradually disappeared with the red, blue and white figure in the time vortex. In the end, only one name remained. Tony mumbled the name before he lost all consciousness.
Steve is absolutely violent. Tony thought with a smile. Once in a while one or two woke up, saw him, Tony raised his gauntlets, they fell. Actually, I'm violent too. Tony laughed at himself.
"I thought you two might need a hand." At that moment, Hawkeye came, running from a side trail.
Tony opened his helmet, raised his arms, folded his hands under his nose, and stared silently at the line on the screen for a long time. He did not know where it came from, or from whom, but it was the answer, the answer to everything. Although Tony had speculated many times before. He was a scientist, and he only believed in evidence. He would not reach a conclusion until he had concrete evidence. Deep down, he did not want to reach the conclusion. But now that he had all the evidence in front of him, he had to face it. Tony was running out of time and his options were nearly gone.
"Tony, you're just... Told you, I don't want to know the details." Peter's face went red.
“Who is Dani?" Peter wondered.
"Just say, you are too stupid. Recently, Tony Stark has been playing for too long. I was thinking of taking an opportunity to let Iron Man come out for act."
"I am not... Well, I am. Though I did a stupid thing tonight..."
"You'd better become rich soon. So, what are your plans now?"
"Yes, he can."
"Ah?" Spider-Man opened his eyes wide.
"Aha, you admit it. We sort of ganged up, lied to them."
"Her goat." Kris replied.
"What a mess! Fortunately, I didn't step in your guys’ circle too deep. Why are you here?"
"So I'm the bait again?"
“Where's Tony? "Said Spider-Man at once.
For a second, it’s just the four of them, their family, and Tony can breathe and pretend like there’s nothing wrong, like the twins have just had a nightmare and they’ve crawled into bed with Steve and Tony and this is how they’ve always comforted them, formed themselves into a cocoon so the twins know they’re protected.
“Comfortable?” Abraham asks.
James and Steve climb to their feet slowly.
“-fucking?” Tony taunts, a certain amount of bite in his voice.
“Oh, yeah. You are definitely getting lucky tonight, handsome,” Tony says, waggling his eyebrows.
Tony peruses the cabinets, one by one, until he finds one full of files, which he begins to rifle through.
“Sir,” Tony says, his voice low and soft.
Sam nods, nostalgia a sheen covering his eyes. “Yeah, I remember.”
There’s a steady dripping sound all around them.
Something flashes across her pale eyes, and a scowl edges over her pert mouth. “You know exactly what I’m talking about,” she says, coldly.
“He’s never going to forgive us for this,” he says, quietly, his eyes fixed on the dark screen of the phone. He lifts his eyes to meet Steve’s. “We might have just lost friends, really good friends. Maybe we deserve it. Maybe we’re just selfish bastards who only care about ourselves and our kids.”
Jarvis offers him a smile and passes him a little yellow pill. “Take this,” he says, earnestly. “It'll help you sleep.”
Romanoff, actually, JARVIS.”
“I know, I have you,” he says, honestly.
He settles back against the pillow, closes his eyes, and he falls asleep, the exhaustion finally getting to him.
“You’re going to ride me, sweetheart,” Steve drawls.
“But you agree,” Tony pushes.
“Are you sure about that? You don’t sound like it?”
“I hope you don’t mind,” he offers.
Maushmi and Jarvis disappear with the resident and the nurses, leaving him alone. While they’re gone, Tony finds the strength to get off the bed, holding his arm gingerly. He goes to the door and pulls, cursing when he finds it locked. He turns around, starting to look for another way out, when the door opens.
“Yeah?” James challenges. “You’d have been okay with living in a place like this, for months on end, again and again, with the mould and the questionable stains and the lack of indoor plumbing.”
There’s a knock on his door, and Jarvis juts his head. “Are you alright, sir?” he asks, worriedly.
“Tony,” Abraham says, surprised. “What are you doing here?”
“Who’s he, Appa?” Peter asks, as Tony’s hand settles in his hair.
nerve, sitting there, insulting me, accusing me of sleeping with someone else, when
“I guess… I’ll see you later?” Tony says, hardly daring hope.
Steve hesitates in the open door, and Tony looks up.
“But… but how can we be sure that this is actually Bucky Barnes?” Sam asks, pointedly. “For all we know, this could just be like a trick of HYDRA’s or something.”
Tony flushes with satisfaction that turns into guilt in a seething heartbeat (
Tony clenches his fists tight by his side, his nails digging half-moon marks into the skin of his palms. “You have… you have some fucking nerve,” he growls, almost lurching forward.
“I am,” Tony reassures, pulling back the blankets so that he can climb out of the bed.
“I know, I know-”
that they ask after, they worry over, they care about.
Tony hadn’t known that omegas could feel such pleasure at the hands of an alpha, had believed that it was something uncomfortable and necessary for an omega but the satisfaction of the encounter all belonged to the alpha and not the omega – the act of fucking was for the purpose of having babies for the omega, and nothing else.
Eshe watches him, patiently. “Alright, Steve?”
“You made me feel like… like I was disposable, like you were taking advantage of the choice I made when the twins were born to stay at home, and that meant that you didn’t have to be here, didn’t have to help me out,” Tony admits.
Dawn is slanting across the earth when they enter the manor.
Tony lifts his head from Steve’s chest, noticing the perimeter of snakes around them.
“Yep.”
“No, you should stay,” Tony replies, easily. “You went to all this trouble for us; you should stay and eat.”
“We can’t touch it,” Tony advises. “We should put it on the floor.”
He pushes open the door, and there’s an alpha sitting on the edge of one of the cots, shirtless, in dark slacks, barefoot. Tony gapes at him, and the alpha gapes back.
When he’s safely inside the walls of his chambers, he cleans up as best as he can with the flask of water that sits on his table. He wipes off the sweat, the blood, the come that is leaking between his legs, all of it – it doesn’t help, doesn’t make him feel cleaner than he is, but it makes him stop feeling the sensation of Grant on top of him, and for now, that will do.
Lord Steven’s eyes soften. “Would you like to go riding with me, Tony?”
So, he ignores the knife, wraps his arms around himself, ignores Grant and leaves his chambers.
Natasha grimaces. “No,” she replies, her voice thin and taut.
Howard makes a noise of derision at the back of his throat. “You know what, you still sound like a fucking child.”
Steve must be able to see the way that the colour flees Tony’s face, and he steps back, letting Tony go suddenly, which makes him stumble back.
Steve opens the door.
“So, I decided to play that game,” she goes on to say. “I wanted to see how far I could push it.” Her mouth twists, not a smile but close. “I do that, you know? I push things, I push people. It’s my job.”
Maybe he really is a coward.
“Did we just make a serious mistake by giving him the medallion?” Steve mutters to Tony.
“You really want to make me say it?”
“He didn’t
Howard hesitates before clapping a hand on his shoulder and squeezing.
and used it as a symbol of genocide?”
“That’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard,” Tony says, flatly. “Any going back to the conversation at hand, that is such bullshit. You were trying to
“Huh, JARVIS, is Tony telling the truth?”
you!”
Five years pass, and slowly, the loss becomes better to deal with.
“There is such a thing called emotional infidelity,” Tony points out.
The kid sags, disappointed.
Tony finds it in himself, enough amusement, to laugh, softly. “Yeah, baby, you can open your eyes.”
“You don’t win wars with niceness, Doctor,” Phillips says, solemnly, grabbing one of the grenades. “You win them with guts.”
“I loved your daddy very much,” she tells him, clearing her throat.
you’d finally admit to what the hell you’d been doing behind my back and apologise and tell me that it wasn’t just some cheap, sordid thing, that it had nothing to do with me, that I was still great, you know, the whole
Steve smiles when he sees Tony coming towards him, but he straightens, directing a look of solemnity towards Phillips.
Tony snorts. “Is that Senator Brandt I hear?”
“No, it isn’t, but it won’t be less,” Tony promises. His hand settles on the nape of his neck. “It doesn’t mean much from me right now, and it will be an adjustment for all of us, but it won’t be less.
Sam nods, wearily, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“So, what’s going on?”
Tony blinks slow and wide. “Well, no, but he didn’t have to, and he didn’t like it.”
Steve scowls at him. “Okay, we both know you wouldn’t because no one rubs your hands when they get sore from typing the way I do.”
me as a child. How could you not tell me
him. He wasn’t always my favourite person, but I didn’t mind him. We invited him into our home, around our family, around you. You, you
“I haven’t since I had the kids,” Tony sighs in disappointment. “I didn’t want to be a bad role model. The frat boy didn’t stop there, of course; he just kept going. He really must have been so wasted, and he got real close like he was about to start a bar fight and asked, ‘what’s your problem, man?’, you know, in that surfer drawl, like he was expecting Steve to side with him, cause, you know,
“I was afraid,” Steve says, quietly. “I was afraid of what I might find out.”
“Okay, Appa,” both chime in unison.
Peter is crying unashamedly beside Steve; Pepper looks like she hasn’t slept in days, and Rhodey does his best to avoid looking at the burning pyre, but Steve watches, waits, wonders if this is like in the movies, in that crazy TV show that Tony made him watch, where Tony crawls out of the fire, unburnt, untouched, whole and smiling.
Ms. Canaan, Level A Contact: Our Board of Directors sees Starktron as a promising way of wireless communication that could lead to the future of humanity. You have my card, don't you? By the way, are you related to the famous late Tony Stark? You two look a little alike. You both have sweet smiles.
"Tony, you know very well, you know very well that there is a third option, the option to keep Iron Man and Captain America alive, and Tony and Steve."
"I don't want ice cream today, thank you Sir." Maria was not bought off by Uncle Mustache.
"Tony, be careful."
Tony, now in prison, was depressed. Yesterday he drank a dozen beers, and when his head got hot, he promised to take the Rush Brotherhood’s rookies to steal the painting, but he was arrested. I had the potential to be a criminal. I have a criminal record now. I don’t have to be 29 to become a big badass. Compared to me, he was a saint. He had been the Iron Man for years.
"You'll write this day down so you won't forget it, will you?"
"That's good."
Avengers Mansion, now.
"Seth, even though he looks tough, is actually a good brother. Elise was only two months old when our father died. Our mother was devastated at that time. Seth took care of the family all by himself. He gave up college for us. You know, he's just a little overprotective of me. I hope you don't mind if he's mean to you."
"Wait, what did you say?"
Compared with the threat posed by Hulk, they were minor, minor problems that no one would notice. If they hadn't searched for Hulk, passed this area, suddenly lost contact, they wouldn't pay special attention to the abnormal regional magnetic field. If Libya is telling the truth, this issue is far more serious than the threat they are currently dealing with, could lead to a global crisis.
"I've used the communication system in the armor called Maria Foundation. They're going to take care of the collateral damage at the hospital. Can WE go now?"
"Well, I could build a repulsion flightable vehicle that would be 100 times faster than the one you have now."
"Yeah, just Hulk, no Dr. Banner at all. You have to get over him fully, and we're going to help you get over him completely."
Tony was taken into the bathroom. When the hot water from the sprinkler hit him, he began to feel groggy. In fact, the days that he didn't sleep were longer than the days without bathing. The only time he's had a shut-eye lately was in prison. But he didn't want to sleep yet. He put his hands around Steve's neck, felt his hands unwrap his clothes, brushed the exposed skin, set off the sweltering heat. The hissing pain of gashes on his arms intensified the feeling, bringing a tingling pleasure. So, Tony buried his head in Steve's neck, bit it, lightly and heavily.
"And..."
"I want to ride a motorbike, not an armor cat."
Central Park, early morning.
Remembering the day, Tony thought he would be a little embarrassed to see Tasha next time. He turned his attention back to the search for the missing members.
"Yes! That’s so great!” Steve said in surprise, then he lowered his head again. "Can I go? Tickets are expensive, you know."
"Gedwola plegian in pes fana, Mjolnir ne mislaid, butan se fruma of mine drafan.(Fallacy described in this banner, Mjolnir was not mislaid before, but the source of mine drive)."
"Ok. Happy New Year, Cap. Happy New Year. Tony. Tasha offline."
"Hold me to walk a few steps first, don't use too much force."
"Pete, you're smart enough not to be an errand boy for the Daily Bugle. You can be my partner in the future. We could start a company together."
"Forever Crystal? What's that?"
Tony pulled a thin probe from his wrist watch, pushed a few buttons on the electronic lock, and the lock opened.
