Steve’s gun was pressing into James’ side and after a moment they both started laughing, putting away their weapons.
Tony had to hold the phone away and bite back a sigh, taking a shaky breath. It took a moment before he got back and continued as usual. “Did you get your stitches looked at?” He asked and pulled a leg close to his chest.
“My date went well. Really well but neither of us are really the ‘go home on the first date’ types,” he said and then tilted his head to look behind Tony. “And how was
“Hand it over,” Bucky said, coming back out of the kitchen, removing his rubber gloves and reaching out for the folder in Steve’s hands.
Tony shoved his hands into his pockets and adjusted his pants and the way he stood. This was not good.
“Yeah but if you like him why move on to someone else? Or am I missing something? Was there something you
happened to him, it was all James’ fault. It was James’ fault anyway for dragging him into his ridiculous lifestyle but this? This James should have dealt with better. He had to find him.
“Well… when that might happen also depends on a lot of factors. Sometimes Mondays—” When he’s too hungover and only came home when the sun was already up “—or Fridays—” When he couldn't wait to go out and get drunk “— but these past few weeks it’s been Thursdays.”
When they got to the kitchen and Tony saw Steve, he was honestly surprised but also very happy. With a nod and a soft smile he greeted him before moving to help him and his mother prepare breakfast.
The door was shut and, he assumed, locked and then he was alone again. They shoved food into the room about an hour later—a bread roll and some cold vegetables—but Clint had no appetite, so he did what he had been doing a lot lately. He took the bread and he tucked it away underneath the blanket they had brought, deciding he might eat the vegetables later.
“Is there food? I’m famished,” Steve said, bending to plant a kiss to Tony’s head and then going over to the fridge to investigate.
“You have better things to do than to talk to me about these things.” Tony shook his head and in any other situation he might have gotten up to leave Steve but somehow he couldn’t find it in him to do that. “
“Not too long but a while,” Steve said, his expression and tone apologetic. “A couple days at least. You need the fluids and more medical experience than I or ma can offer.” Steve pressed a kiss to his eyebrow. “Sleep, love. I’ll get Dugan to bring you some food.”
Benni had not been out of Brooklyn since he was a toddler, then Nella got sick and suffered for months, then their mother passed and after that there simply were no more opportunities to even think of anything like this. Tony promised his brother silently that he would show him their mother’s favorite places now that they had the luxury of time to spend together with no other worries.
“Nothing I do is normal, apparently. Even when I’m trying but him and those knives… he’s very controlled,” he said, quickly changing the subject because being held captive, starving, and sleep deprived was not the time to be having steamy thoughts about James. “You’ve known him a while: am I what you were expecting his fella to be like?”
“And you think she’d be bothered?” Tony asked, glad to feel Steve like he did. “I know you won’t but let me enjoy this for another minute or two.” He closed his eyes. He couldn’t rely on Steve and he knew that. He needed to be strong for him. But his arm around Tony’s shoulder made him feel all the things he missed the past few weeks.
Tony collected the papers, not caring for the right order. How he just wanted to toss them on the floor and leave. Instead he took them back to the others and threw them onto a pile, letting himself fall on the couch.
“Where’d you get that lettuce!” Howard barked and Tony turned pale, scrambling to collect everything and shove it into the box but Howard, drunk as he was, was still faster. He grabbed Tony’s hand and the paper. “What is this, huh? You doing math, hm?” He growled and Tony tried to wriggle away from his grasp but he couldn’t.
“Damn straight you shouldn’t have. If I had gone after Tony for information, which I wouldn’t have, you would be trying to give me a black eye right about now.”
However, not all of Bakuto’s dealings were so unpalatable to Steve and James. His arms trafficking wasn’t too shabby, neither was the money he raked in from his real estate and construction kickback schemes. Steve and James were sharing the profits from the three of those equally and the way their bank accounts were growing was nothing to sniff at.
After a while of Tony saying nothing, Clint looked away and then after a few more minutes he got up and went back to his mattress, taking his bread roll and water with him. If Tony was done talking, so was Clint. He was tired, his older sibling instincts had run out and he just wanted James.
“Sorry, I was lost in thought,” he said with a smile and rested his hands on top of Steve’s. “Of course he’s going to miss you. He looks up to you, Steve. He wants to be as tall and strong as you are.” He raised Steve’s hand to his lips and kissed it. “What about you? Are you excited to get away from here?”
Clint managed a small smile. James was always going out of his way to look after him and make sure he was happy, bringing up whatever he could to make Clint feel a bit better. Even something as small as Lucky being excited.
“Mr Rogers told me to give this to you,” he said and turned to leave. Nothing good could come out of this. Tony was frantically thinking about how much money he had saved and if that could be enough to get away. He was almost at the door leading to their apartment when he heard Howard tell Pepper to head out for the day. Good Lord, Tony didn’t even know if his brother was home yet or not. He couldn’t leave without him. Before Tony even reached the top of the stairs he was pulled back by his shirt, which ripped at the sheer force. Howard threw him onto the stairs, his knee burying into his stomach.
No one had ever died in the diner fires—there had been injuries of people passing by on the street caught by flying glass but otherwise only the diner itself was harmed. Well, physically speaking. Every time, some family lost their livelihood but they just couldn’t understand what kind of person would have a vendetta against diner owners. Especially when none of the diners or families had anything in common other than their line of work.
“What’s wrong? You’ve got those forehead creases,” James said, turning to face him and Clint lifted his hand to feel his forehead and sure enough, creases.
“I’m thinking,” James began, moving forward to point out what he meant, “that these two are incredibly close to one another and that perhaps we can kill two birds with one stone.”
Steve lifted up the copy of Alice in Wonderland and shook it. “I’ll read. Thanks for bringing this.” He opened it to his bookmark and started reading.
Steve blew air out of his cheeks, leaning back in his chair, trying to get comfortable and ignore his nerves.
Sarah cleaned her hands on her apron, the calm, sweet smile ever present on her lips. Tony knew what she was going to say.
“Ah,” he said, his hand going to his side with the two stabs and the bullet wound. “Tony? Where is everyone? What time is it?”
“Anytime. I’d like to give you one as well,” he began, looking at Maria, “because I am of the opinion that no one should be without a weapon but I wasn’t sure of your stance on it.”
Tony lowered his menu and Steve responded in kind. He raised his eyebrows and said, “I’m certainly very happy I get to witness you living a little.”
Sarah are our family now, you understand that, right?” Benni nodded, looking back outside with a smile. “
“If I had known this would bug me as much as it does, I would have dragged it out with him.” Tony snorted and leaned back. “Thank you though. That helps.”
It had been nice having Pepper here. It was nice to see Tony catching up with an old friend, someone his own age. Tony was mature for his age and Steve never wished he were any older, but he also at times forgot that they weren’t the same age and that maybe having someone like Pepper around more often could be nice. Clint was older than Steve so he didn’t count.
James’ mouth sat open and his mouth trembled like he might cry but he fought it back. “I didn’t know. And I didn’t want you with me because you felt I was your only choice.”
“Well, I’d say the same about Tony. If it’s really bothering you that much, you should tell him. Ask him. He always tells you the truth. It’s sweet, really. And I’d be willing to bet my left arm that he doesn’t resent you, Steve. I’ve seen the way that boy looks at you. As though you alone put the moon and the stars in the sky just for him,” James said and Steve rolled his eyes as he always did whenever James waxed poetic.
He ate half his plate before he spoke, sitting back in his chair and washing it down with some water.
He took the bread and water and went back to his cot, sitting with his hearing-enabled ear towards the door and folding his legs underneath him and eating. His stomach was growling which unfortunately for him wasn’t any kind of useful indication of the passage of time because he was always hungry. He closed his eyes and listened carefully for anything.
“Eh, I’ll make an exception and I’ll make you something sweet and non-alcoholic,” Clint told him. “Don’t like the taste or just very good about obeying the law?” He found himself laughing as he asked his question. If he were good about obeying the law, he would probably not be with Steve.
“Jesus,” Clint breathed, adjusting his trousers and shaking his head while James chuckled. “I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: you’re
“Morning!” his brother said happily, ever the morning person, and hugged Tony. The hug came so unexpectedly that Tony flinched and dropped the cup in his hand. It fell to the floor and broke into pieces.
“I don’t understand. Your accounts are all safe and there’s no need to keep this little money every week?” With everything everyone was still paying, the accounts were good.
Steve smiled, wondering if this was Tony’s way of bringing up his idea for the deli again. He still wasn’t quite ready to discuss that.
talking, Steve. No reason to sleep.” He pulled the blanket further over him. There was one other thing that would put anyone to sleep immediately but did Tony really dare? Ever so carefully so as not to disturb Steve, he sat down on the bed next to him and reached out to run his hand through Steve’s hair. It was as soft as it looked. “Isn’t it comfortable?” He spoke slowly.
Tony listened and watched, repeating every word in his head Steve had said about him, leaning into Steve’s touch. He let go of Steve’s hand to move closer and wrap his arms around Steve’s neck, sitting on his lap. “Who you are and what you do are two different things,” he said and kissed him passionately. “I love you too, Steve.” He kissed him again.
“Well, I’m glad I get to experience the first time with you,” Steve said, glancing up at Tony who was watching him and holding his gaze for a moment.
“I’m glad you like it. This is actually my first time here,” Tony confessed with a shy smile that did weird things to Steve’s stomach.
Dmitri gave them all plates, James setting up the tray table for Steve and while he truly hated being the only one in a bed, he dealt with it when James gave him a knowing look. Steve jerked his head towards the hallway, raising his eyebrows like his mother did. “Tell you another time,” James said.
He took another deep breath, still not liking the whole idea of going through all that fear again. “Thanksgiving sounds good. I haven’t had that in years.” Not since his sister died. There was nothing left to be grateful for after that. Even less so after his mother died too. “I’ll help her. It’s still a few weeks away.”
“Look at this and tell me what you see and be careful because I already know which answer is right.” He had the paper with the missing amount in his pocket, having swiped it off the desk before O’Shea made it over.
Never before had he thought about the possibility of not having to do anything and now he was told to enjoy it. Since he had met Steve his life had developed an even weirder sense of humor it seemed. “If you say so, Mr Rogers,” Tony smiled and leaned back.
Steve was so happy to hear that voice he almost couldn’t control himself. He only barely stopped the fingers that wanted to brush Tony’s hair out of his face or the desire to plant a kiss on his forehead. Instead, in his usual manner, he smiled but kept a slight distance, no longer touching Tony’s hand.
Steve chuckled. “I knew how to use a knife as a weapon before and then James taught me and, well, let me be the first to tell you there’s a lot more to learn than you think.”
He narrowed his eyes at Steve and said, “I like your suit. When did you buy it? The American civil war?” Steve snorted, patting the spot beside him for Tony to sit if he wanted. James’ jaw tightened but only for a second. Long enough for Sarah to catch it however and for her heart to continue to ache.
“Your job right now is to heal and get well. Yer not used to that, I know.” She rested her hand on his hand. “If you want, we can go out. There are some things that need to get done. I could use two lads to help carry everything.”
“Won’t you eat something?” Sarah asked and Tony looked down at his plate. The potatoes looked delicious but he didn’t feel hungry. “That’s alright,” she said softly and rubbed his back but Tony hated the touch.
Steve laughed. “Why thank you. First time I’ve heard that,” he said, smiling down at him. He ducked to kiss him and then looked around the room, over to the bedside table. “Are you thirsty? Can I get you something? It’s been a while since I’ve stayed the night with someone—bird or fella—I think I’m a little behind on the etiquette.”
Clint turned his head at the sound, seeming to have forgotten where he was and with whom. James saw the realization flash across his face and it made his chest ache. He got up and came over to sit on the side of the bed, take his hand and with his other cradle Clint’s face.
Steve was in slightly better spirits today, getting most of his aggression and pent up emotions out during the workout not to mention the post-exercise endorphins running through his body and he gave the exhausted-looking brunet a cautious but genuine smile. They hadn’t spoken much since the night they’d spent together on the couch. Actually, they’d barely spoken at all since then. Only tiny bits of chit chat here and there about Benni.
“Well,” Tony started and had to clear his throat. “The stitches are there for a reason.” He pulled away, gently tugging Steve’s hand away. “We’ll get there soon enough. For now I need you to focus on getting better.”
Sarah watched her boys with a warm smile. “Lunch is ready, let’s say grace. I’m famished,” she said, taking her usual spot.
Tony opened his mouth, ready to make a joke but then he closed it and reconsidered. This wasn’t the time.
“It’s nice. I have so many books now and Tony and I read them together. And there’s always someone around teaching me Gaelic. I used to think it was called ‘Garlic’ and Jones thought it was funny. And I have a second big brother now, too. That’s so grand!”
Sarah sat the food down and then turned to give Clint a look that made him laugh. “You call me that one more time and this’ll be the last meal ya get from me, lad.”
“Think they’ll kick you out or leave you here?” Tony asked, staring into his bag of chips while he spoke.
“That’s my line,” Tony said chuckling softly and kissing Steve until he was desperate for air and even then it was difficult to pull away from him. Being that close to Steve, kissing him, having heard those words...Tony felt hot, his head was spinning and so he pressed closer to Steve. “Steve,” he said, his voice deep and low. “I…” He pressed his lips together and took a shaky breath. “Touch me,” he said.
Steve pressed himself into the recess created by a back door, hidden in the shadows despite his large frame. The kid poked his head around the corner and then further when he saw nothing. Steve drew his gun. Three shots to the chest and he hit the ground, his own gun skittering across the sidewalk.
“You can come and go as you please. And if you’d rather not stay, I’ll try to get out. It’s just… Whenever I try, I forget how to breathe,” Tony said, trying to make it sound casual. Unfortunately there was nothing casual about a sentence like that. He was aware of the reasons for his reaction but he refused to think about it too much. Instead he listened to the sounds coming from the kitchen. “Plus, I’d love for you to get to know Steve and see how he really is.”
“Look, the doormat was upside down, you both know what that means, I’m sorry you had to come in and see me sucking—”
He sat at the piano and lifted the cover, cracking his knuckles. It had been ages since he played and James who had taught him since he had received private lessons of his own. He didn’t have any sheet music in front of him. He just played the last thing he remembered, a Beethoven piece: Sonata No. 14 “Moonlight” in C-Sharp Minor.
He found everyone in the kitchen eating and he came in and pressed a kiss to Benni’s hair, a kiss to Sarah’s cheek, and then one to Tony’s lips before he sat down at his usual place at the head of the table. Sarah eyed him and then stood to make him a plate and sit it down in front of him, Steve, who had closed his eyes, looked up and thanked her, his gaze going to Tony.
The time before that it had been Natalia and truth be told, he hadn’t gone through one alone since coming home from the war. He felt a tremor travel up his spine and he took in another deep breath. He picked up the glass of water that was still half-full and downed some of it, curling up tighter, and leaning against the wall as his pulse slowed and he was beginning to catch his breath, still shaking a little.
“You should try it first. The longer we leave it on the stove the more intense the flavor will be.” Tony checked the wall-mounted clock and got up to check on the pie in the oven. “Do you prefer whipped cream or vanilla sauce for pie?”
Clint gently put a hand on Tony’s knee. “Yeah, me too. They’ll find us again and knowing how much they love us, it won’t take too long. Until then, we’re gonna get through this. What would you rather: me leave you alone or talk?” Clint almost laughed. It was very rare that anyone wanted him to keep talking.
,” he said, yawning as he entered. It must’ve been a public holiday as well otherwise Benni would be getting ready for school. Sarah would never have let him miss a day for no reason.
“Tony,” Steve called, unwrapping his sandwich. He looked up again, expression unreadable. “Not much of a fighter?” He was looking at the wounds he could see, the bruising and the bandages. “Or a klutz?”
Steve fell quiet again, thinking, going over the night in his mind. From his side of things, it had been a success. From the soda bread to the apple cake, Tony seemed to have enjoyed every last bite. They talked and laughed and flirted the night away and when their plates were cleared and they had moved to the couch with their wine, it only took one touch from Tony before Steve was kissing him, his hands roaming and lips traveling as well like he couldn’t get enough of him fast enough.
“Are you up?” Benni asked carefully, standing halfway behind the open door, his dark eyes big and sad.
Tony moved one hand to play with the soft short hairs on the back of Steve’s neck while he spoke. “It’s not easy for any of us,” he told him quietly. With Steve he wasn’t afraid to tell him these things, even if he still thought that he should be able to handle it by himself. “And let’s do that. I don’t think I’m ready to attend an Irish wedding and would love an excuse to not go.”
Once Tony regained composure over himself, he started setting the table, grateful for any distraction from Steve. He looked over at Clint who winked at him. At first it confused Tony but then he realized that Clint probably saw from where he was sitting and that was just plain embarrassing to Tony.
“Been a firefighter long?” Tony asked, turning to Steve who was walking just slightly behind them, Rhodey taking the lead in explaining things to Tony and he stopped dead in the middle of his sentence, which Tony had interrupted, and sighed, looking down at the ground.
“That’s real sweet of you.” Steve reached out to take Tony’s hand and press a kiss onto the back of it.
They headed to the kitchen when Sarah called them, ready to serve the soup. It was a lot quieter with Clint and James now back in their own home. It felt odd to not have them there now that he had gotten so used to them but he also knew that it was better this way. It wasn’t like they just could stay together forever, ignoring their lives.
As soon as he felt Steve wince he pulled away. “Easy there, Cap. There’s going to be enough time for us to kiss,” he promised, gently pushing him back into the less painful position. “I love you, Steve.”
“So you never told me,” Tony said, pulling his head back to break the kiss and give them both a moment to breathe, “why couldn’t you do today?”
Tony managed to stay as neutral as possible, not giving away anything and keeping his hands in his pockets just to make sure he didn’t do anything by accident. Once they were in the car and far away from the house they had just left, he couldn’t hold back his laugh anymore.
That being said, Clint still wanted to reassure him. To provide him with the confirmation that no matter what he had gone through, his love for James never dissipated; it was as strong and as sure as ever.
With the rest of the unfinished food in front of him, Tony sat back down in the chair and ate slowly. He truly hoped Steve would feel better soon. For his own sake and not Tony’s.
He was glad Steve didn’t mention his reaction. The moment was too nice to ruin by talking about things like that.
“Oh,” Steve said with a laugh and Tony gave him a quizzical look. “I think that was mostly for me.” Tony’s expression grew more confused.
Clint ate most of the food each day, knowing that if they were going to poison him they would have done so by now. He rarely slept, trying during the day to reach the tiny window located high up on the wall in his room and at night he sat by the door, his head pressed to it to feel for any kind of movement.
“But you weren’t! You told me to run! You told me to go!” Benni cried and punched his brother weakly. Normally it wouldn’t have hurt but Tony’s whole body was aching and so it did. Yes, he had told him that because he thought that, if he didn’t, Howard would not only kill Tony but also Benni and he wasn’t about to let that happen.
The jarring sound of James’ phone ringing cut Steve’s sentence short and both of their heads snapped around to look at it. Was it Maria? Had someone accidentally called another of Bakuto’s buildings? They had stopped that tactic after the first success because they didn’t want him catching on to what they had been doing. Was Bakuto ready to make more demands of which Steve and James had zero intent of fulfilling? Most likely.
James smacked his hand away and laughed and this time it was Natalia who was shocked to see the little glimpse of happiness there, of hope. “Just means I’m more mature than you.”
Steve opened it slowly. Tony’s back was to him and he grinned. His mother sat in a chair in the corner drinking tea and Dugan and Tony were working on mapping out their territory and plans for expansion.
The hood causing the darkness was removed once they reached a small room. Before Tony could take in his surroundings or even who the people were behind him, they were cutting off the ties around his wrists and then he was pushed into a room and the door was locked.
“Aw come on,” Steve whined playfully and then added, “oh so you’re just gonna stop kissing me and then say something to make me wanna kiss ya more? Ya absolute tease. I love you too, Tony.” He reached out for him. “One more. A small one?” He puckered his lips.
In Tony’s room, Dugan was bringing in a tray of breakfast foods for Tony and Steve. Steve thanked him, shifting carefully but it woke up Tony.
It was supposed to be a light joke, nothing more. Never had he expected anything from Steve, especially not a job. Especially not one this important and essential to his business. There was nowhere he could go. Nowhere he wanted to go. If he could help Steve, he would do that. “I think I’m getting the hang of it,” Tony said and nodded. “I’ll be here sorting the papers.” He started collecting the papers and putting them into the correct order as Steve had asked him to.
Steve chuckled in Tony’s ear, unsure if it was the hot shower leaving him feeling so fresh and relaxed or the taste of Tony’s kiss from earlier still lingering in his mouth—both, actually—but something was making him say things he knew his mother would smack him for if she could hear.
“The places that accept us as we are, are not exactly the kinds of places I’d go dressed as I am,” Maria said, looking at Nat for an explanation but she had none.
“That’s why,” Tony nodded, slowly putting the pieces together of who was who and what they do. “Not a fan of hitting things.” Tony said. The reason why was probably clear enough.
any other but this one was pretty awful. Steve looked at Tony, squeezing his hand. “No,” he answered honestly. “Not right now. And you’re all going to stay with James like we talked about. Tony, I mean it.”
“Steve,” he said, using the name he rarely ever did. Steve’s eyes cracked open and he looked up at him, waiting for his question. “You want me to call your usual place?”
“Ugh, you’re so old,” Bucky groaned, rolling his eyes. Steve huffed, making Bucky laugh. “So anyway, Stark. He seems… like a good way to get back out there. Relationship material… not sure I’d go that far but he was hot.”
Clint nodded and grabbed the food first, pulling it over in front of them and then settling in beside Tony, their legs touching. He picked up one of the potatoes and took a bite, chewing slowly as he chose a story to share.
It had been ten minutes. Steve had never been to the Falcon Diner before but Clint seemed to be a close friend of the owner so Steve didn’t think it should have been taking that long. He checked his pocket watch.
about mixing alcohol gave him a headache—so maybe a one-night thing would be fine. Fun, even. Maybe exactly what he needed to get himself back out there for real.
are you?” Clint asked again but the man didn’t speak. He rushed Clint, slamming him into the wall with a speed and force that Clint was not expecting. Clint’s head hit the hard brick and it sent a searing pain radiating out from that spot, blinding him momentarily, but with what little focus he still had, he thrust his hand out and stabbed the knife into the man’s thigh, dragging it across with as much strength as he had.
Clint looked down at his body that James was holding onto so possessively. It was thin and still bruised in random patches of yellows and browns, it was even more scarred, and he’d lost a considerable amount of muscle.
rather. He definitely wasn’t making progress. He was back on missing James and wondering when he would be back whilst simultaneously wondering if Tony secretly knew how he felt. He tried to keep it where it belonged and cracked a joke instead, “We can go play with Benni’s action figures if you need to feel young again.”
“It’s not easy,” he finally said. “I know it isn’t. So don’t feel like it has to be easy. It wasn’t for me. Or James. And the fact that it’s not easy is a testament to your character,” Steve said, hoping the words brought him some measure of comfort.
“Mr Rogers sure doesn’t talk a lot,” Pepper said, making Tony turn around and look at her. “Did he want something in particular?”
. But you better make it worth my time, mister.” He grinned, nudging Steve’s foot with his own. “Any plans on how to win me over?”
“Liar. I did. For a while there. And now I’ve got you back and you’re in love and you’re happy and then along comes this fucking shit—” He cut himself off and leaned back on the couch. “I never got to apologize to him. Not properly.”
Tony started trembling and kneading his hands nervously. He didn’t like this one bit. “At least it’d be warm in hell,” he said, sounding more bitter than he wanted to. “It’s December and if we’re by the river, it’ll be even colder. What if I can’t make it in time to a gas station?” He swallowed but it didn’t make much of a difference to how dry his throat felt.
James hadn’t been able to eat or sleep since hearing Clint on the phone. He had sounded as calm and collected as he usually did to the untrained ear but James heard the hidden note of fear in Clint’s voice. And whenever it was too quiet, he heard the sound of Clint being slapped.
“Well, thanks to that wonderful lad at the stove, I haven’t had to lift a finger tonight and it smells heaven sent,” Sarah said, complimenting Tony’s meal.
“Sounds grand,” Steve added, finishing his second plate. He leaned back, satisfied and unconsciously reached out to rest an arm on the back of Tony’s chair. “What did you have in mind?”
. Nella read it when she was younger and Tony found it disturbingly absurd and nonsensical. One day he would ask Steve about it if he ever got the chance to do so.
He’d been as gentle as his self-control would allow, being kept in check by his desire to not hurt Tony. Steve felt very satisfied himself, and sleepy, but he would stay awake to make sure Tony was alright first and to clean him up.
It was a brothel, a clean brothel, but a brothel. Run and owned by none other than James Romanov himself.
Steve held Tony in his arms even as he pulled away gently to answer him and ask his own question. “More than you know,” he said with a smile, kissing him again. It was so freeing. He could kiss Tony. He could hold him and hug him and tell him he loved him and Tony wouldn’t run or freak out or hate him for it. In fact, he loved him
Calm. No, Tony wasn’t calm. His heart was beating faster. Racing. His whole body felt warm, the fluttering was back.
“Fifty-left-twenty-left-down-thirty,” Clint said aloud, asking Tony to repeat it. “When they dragged me out, we passed the exit. Those numbers aren’t certain because our strides are different so start feeling for walls around five steps before, maybe less.” He worked his jaw, feeling the soreness setting in. “I know I can get the keys off the guard without him noticing.”
“Oh, my whole name. This is getting serious,” she laughed, reaching for another slice and dangling it above her mouth to let the stringy cheese fall in first. “Speaking of James,” she added, and a second later Clint heard the door close.
“We didn’t even bother with a church, just went to the courthouse. Nat had on a dress she’d scammed off this fella who owned a nice store and I was in a suit that would make James glare if he knew I owned it, let alone
that Clint hurt so bad and James couldn’t actually stop it or fix it. He hated that anything or anyone had ever made Clint hurt like this; he hated that something was currently making him hurt. James almost felt sick with how angry he was and he wished he could kill Bakuto all over again. Make it even slower, even more painful.
When Tony entered the room Steve was standing in front of the record player and adjusting the volume of the music before turning around with a glass of alcohol in his hand. Why that made him look so good Tony couldn’t say and probably shouldn’t even be thinking.
James swallowed, his heart racing because what horrors was he about to hear? He took the phone from Dmitri and held it to his ear.
Tony leaned on the table, not breaking eye contact with James. “How do you fit in with all of this?” There was no other way he could put it. And frankly, Tony didn’t see why he would.
Slowly, Clint repeated everything—the number of steps, where to go, and what to do. He had Tony recite the phone numbers he would try to call and then Tony made sure the coins were secure in his back pocket where they would make the least noise. He tightened his belt as much as he could, creating an extra hole in it because of how thin he was now.
Tony could feel how much faster his breathing was now, how he felt hot and cold at the same time. His head started spinning. Someone had taken him the first chance they got. All the efforts to keep him safe and Tony got careless! How angry he was with himself.
If it hadn’t been for Steve holding him, Tony wouldn’t have been able to dance, let alone stand. He was so close to Steve, feeling his warmth, his breath tickling on his ear and neck. Maybe it was okay to dream a little dream. Enjoy the moment and allow himself to be excited about it. And maybe there was a reason why people loved to dance. Or maybe it was just the feeling he got from dancing with Steve.
When the documents arrived it had all felt a bit surreal to Steve. Tony was legally a part of his family. They shared the same last name. He didn’t care what designation those documents gave Tony, in Steve’s mind they were as good as married. The only thing left to do was put a ring on his finger.
“America is the promised land. You people win fights without bringing them to your own soil,” Bakuto said with a smile that made Steve want to bash his face in. “The girls are all only too happy for a chance to experience that promise.”
“By ‘your type’ do you mean my sexuality, Steve’s and my relationship or mob bosses?” He asked with a small grin. “If the first, I didn’t quite realize it until a couple of months ago.” Not entirely true since it was less time but he didn’t want James to know that. He also knew that his relationship with Steve might be a somewhat sore subject so he wouldn’t go into that. Unless James asked him again.
“Hi,” Steve said, his smile wide and bright and cheeks brushed the nicest rose color. His soft blue eyes put Tony at ease in a way he didn’t think possible.
Two hours later, when OFI was done with the scene and with questioning Steve and Bucky—in case they’d noticed anyone odd at the time of the fire (it was not uncommon for arsonists to want to see the fruits of their labor and even take pictures)—they got into the chief’s car, which they’d borrowed, and made their way back to the firehouse.
“Sorry, love. I was trying not to wake you,” Steve said, reaching for a piece of toast. With Tony safe again, Steve’s hunger became a lot harder to ignore. He took a bite, wiping his mouth with a serviette before pressing a kiss to Tony’s cheek.
“That one,” Rhodey said, pointing to the third combination. “I don’t ever want to see you wearing this,” he continued, pointing to the conservative look, “and this feels like you stole it from a porn set.”
One after another, Tony carefully folded the cloths covering the dining table and chairs and carried them outside to shake the dust off. His next priority was to light a fire to warm the place. These were things he was good at, things he didn’t need to think about. Somewhere in the corner of his mind he knew that Steve wasn’t there but maybe he was tired and needed to rest. Until he was ready to come back down, Tony would take care of everything he could do by himself.
“Bakuto?” James asked and Clint nodded. “Yes. It’s just… frustrating. And infuriating and every time I see you wince, I get this rush of anger.” It wasn’t a lie, it just wasn’t the whole truth either but James knew how Clint would respond to him admitting he blamed himself for what happened to them. He knew he would argue that it wasn’t his fault and that when he inevitably couldn’t convince James otherwise, it would plague him almost as constantly as it did James.
There were a million things on Tony’s mind —things they would need to talk about, which he wasn’t looking forward to at all— but he decided to ignore those thoughts a little while longer. “You’re the most comfortable pillow ever,” Tony said and pulled away to look up to Steve.
In the back of his mind, he knew they were taking pictures of him bleeding and thin to send to James. Giving him incentive to give them whatever it was they wanted from him but all he could actually focus on was trying not to have a panic attack. He was determined to hold himself together. He
Steve stood and followed James without another word, shooting Loki one last glare before he was out of sight and he would be lying if he said Loki’s accompanying flinch didn’t bring him at least a little enjoyment.
Natalia knew what he was talking about and nodded, deciding to say no more of the subject with Tony in the room, not sure how he would take it. “Clint wants to know if he can come see Tony.”
told me. It’s no one’s business what anyone feels because love is always worth fighting for. And to me, Steve is worth that, even if we do get in trouble one day.”
“Grimm said it was something with an M. Something ‘and sons’ but he couldn’t remember. Altman didn’t see a name though he said it was gold lettering on the van,” she provided.
Sorry it’s a few days late. That’s on me (im95notdead) just being a tired and busy bee. Hope you enjoy!
Clint turned and smiled and James felt like the wind was knocked out of him. That smile, that bright, crooked smile and those happy eyes were all for him and all his and even on his worst days that was enough to give him the boost he needed.
“I’m going to pick you up,” James said to Clint who watched his lips and then went to his eyes, being flooded with happiness, and he nodded. James lifted Clint the same way Steve had Tony, cradling him in his arms.
“See this is the problem with having a straight roommate,” Tony started and all three were confused, “assuming you’re all firemen, he doesn’t even
He picked up the Rolex next. It was heavier, sturdy, and solid gold. It was showier, more easily recognizable.
Tony simply looked at Benni. He knew that he was also dealing with all of this in his own way, since he had no idea what had been going on and that probably frustrated him a lot. Still it was no excuse in Tony’s eyes. Eventually Benni gave in and nodded, agreeing to do what his brother told him.
Going down in a building that belonged to a mob didn’t feel good for many reasons even if Tony didn’t have any grounds to be frightened. He knew from Mr Rogers’ well-built body that he must be strong but to actually see him punching someone was still somewhat surprising. Even more surprising was that he and Mr Rogers were alone within seconds and then his hand came up to touch him, making Tony flinch.
“It’s all good and well, Rhodes. Thankfully I didn’t break into the Zodiac killer’s apartment. In fact, this guy is cute as hell and even almost offered me coffee.” Tony was grinning over at him and yeah, Steve had noticed that his intruder was devastatingly handsome, even hungover and disheveled as he was. “Come get me please.”
“It’s more than I could have ever hoped for,” Tony answered honestly. He would have accepted a lot less if it only meant staying away from that building he had spent his whole life in. If it meant that Benni would be safe and never go to bed hungry or cold again. “Thank you.”
They were spotted by one who fired off a shot, quickly alerting the others but thankfully, by that time there were only four left and only two had guns, the others knives. Within a few seconds, the men were down and the room was silent.
“No, love,” he said, more gentle than he’d been in a few days. “The money. It’s for you. I started saving it a few months back. Before you came to stay. I was trying to keep it under the radar long enough to give it a name on May 29th: Antonio Stark.”
“If it weren’t for these stitches,” Steve said, his voice low and his words slightly slurred, “I’d take you right here on this bed.” He gripped a handful of Tony’s bottom, kissing his neck again.
“So were you,” James said, flinching internally at the memory of Steve’s cries the days following his first. “Just keep an eye on him.”
A few minutes later they were changed and Tony had even managed to get Benni to wash his face before they headed downstairs to the kitchen. Between everything else Tony had neglected Benni and his needs. Something that he had never done before and he had no intention of repeating the same mistake twice. His feelings for Steve mattered even less even if his heart was racing when he saw him, he would simply have to ignore it.
“I can’t depend on others to save me from this, Pepper. If I can’t make it on my own, I shouldn’t make it at all. Anyway, I guess you’re fired. Sorry.” He smiled and got up to continue working. Christmas was nearing and everyone was trying new things, spicing things up and spending money which wasn’t the worst time to do business but at the end of the day Howard left barely enough to cover for anything.
“Me?” He asked and thought about it. It did seem fitting. It made sense. Tony nodded. “Before I do that there’s one thing I want to ask him.” It was absurd but he felt shy about asking it. “Teach me how to use a gun?”
Sarah rolled her eyes and shook her head softly. “Subtle as a shotgun, you two are,” she told them, leaving to go back to the living room. Steve grinned, taking Tony’s hand.
Tony held onto Steve’s hand tighter now. “Promise you’ll follow?” He asked. Maybe it was his stubbornness, maybe it was his anxiety but Tony needed to hear Steve say those words.
“It took us forty minutes to get back here,” Dugan said since he had been driving, building on Dmitri’s thought. “And he called about twenty minutes later. That’s at least an hour.”
.” He hung up and dialed the correct number. After only two rings Sarah answered and Tony gave Steve the phone so he would be the first thing Sarah heard.
People jumped out of the way left and right as Steve went bounding down the blocks, gun in hand. He came to an abrupt stop when he reached the deli. The lights were off but the door was left ajar. He pushed his way in and to the back where he assumed the passage was into their home.
Steve tucked away all the relevant documents they would need into a folder and slipped it into the briefcase he would take along with him and headed upstairs as well to finish packing his clothing where he found Tony folding a shirt.
He learned a little more about Tony as they chatted and he tried to distract him from the plan they had for later tonight. He asked what he did for Steve and he explained in vague terms, obviously protecting Steve’s privacy, which Clint respected.
“Good morning, Ms Rogers.” She gave him a look and he corrected himself. “Good morning, Sarah.” She saw no need for formality with those whom she considered close to her and her son.
He cleaned Tony off and then put his underwear back on him, crawling onto the bed beside him. He lifted him easily again to pull the blanket from underneath him to cover them both up. Steve propped himself up on his elbow and stared down at Tony.
“What are you talking about?” he asked, his pen hovering over the documents in front of him as a deep dread began to set in.
With the fire extinguished and the police and OFI on the scene, Firehouse 616 packed up and headed back, quickly shedding their turnout gear and collapsing in the communal room on the couches and at the table.
“This whole situation just… it’s made me reevaluate my priorities all over again. You’ve always been number one but—yes. Let’s go. In the spring, when it’s a pinch warmer.” Steve was done dwelling on the details of his and James’ chat for now. He didn’t want to ask Tony if a part of him could ever resent Steve, even unknowingly. He didn’t want to share the doubts he had with James because he
Behind the pictures he saw three books lying in front of the other books and they looked as if they had been read over and over again, much like the books Tony had from his mother. Never would he have thought that Steve liked
, if you agree to carry me around all day, you can do whatever you want to me. As much as you want to,” he whispered in his ear.
“Says he has proof,” Dugan said. “That if I do anythin’ to him, someone else will make that proof public.”
“Hey, love,” Steve said, smiling at Tony as he entered and went to the fireplace to warm up his hands before he sat down beside him, not wanting to touch him with cold fingers.
“I was planning to help with dinner tonight. Benni should be home soon but he’ll probably nap and then do his homework.” Tony looked at Steve.
Tony felt Sarah’s relief, knowing how tense she had been the past few hours. Whenever he felt the same way, like it was hopeless and taking too long and that there was a real possibility he would never see Steve again, he thought back to the night he spent with Steve and the promise he had given Tony.
Clint woke up coughing and choking and it made him sit up despite the screaming protest of every inch of his body. He wasn’t able to figure out the extent of the damage just yet but pulling his hand away from his mouth to see the blood he had coughed up gave him a pretty good idea.
“I’m glad you’re here though.” He reached his hand out for Clint to take, craving more physical reassurance.
By the time they were all done with the main course and Tony was whisking the whipped cream, Benni excused himself to listen to his crime show in the living room. Sarah accompanied him because she was just as invested. Plus, she enjoyed being able to talk with Benni about it.
Steve reached over with his good hand and ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, feeling the moment when he woke. He lifted his head and his eyes were red-rimmed and sad and Steve
James walked in, Benni on his hip. He put him down at the door and he ran over to Steve. James gave him a look, his eyes roving over Steve. He’d seen worse happen to him and he looked great already, all things considered.
“And if he had? What would you have done? Stopped?” Howard mumbled something and James shoved him harder, pressing the tip of the knife into his skin, drawing blood. Howard screamed.
“What’s so funny?” Tony asked, crossing his arms as if he were offended. Both of them knew that that was basically impossible.
Tony felt like the doctor was slowly stabbing a knife into his chest with every nanosecond that passed between his last word and his next.
It was wonderful. So light and refreshing but Steve couldn’t get his mind off of everything. Most things, but not everything. “What else did James tell you?” He asked, staring at the wall. The mood was gone and he just felt a little hollow but Tony’s presence kept him above water, kept him from drowning in his own worries.
The next morning Tony and Clint ate their food in silence like they usually did. Clint ate silently to focus on not eating too fast and Tony because he didn’t want Clint reading his lips while he had a mouthful of food. Besides, he had been raised better than to talk with a mouthful and Sarah certainly reinforced that rule at the table nowadays as well.
Who was he? Why were they in there? He had bruises too. Had Bakuto taken him as well? He looked Italian. Was he one of Fisk’s?
Steve listened carefully but still it bothered him. He let out a breath that didn’t come out as smoothly as he had hoped. He inhaled deeply again but it still left him jagged and rough. His next question hurt more.
With freshly brushed teeth and his hair warm and fluffy from drying it, Tony got dressed and was about to head out of the room when he heard a snore from behind him. For a second he froze in sheer panic but then what was there to be afraid of? But would Steve really be sleeping already?
“I will react when you call me by my name,” Tony said as he dried the olives and put them in the container with the others. He didn’t even see his father raising his hand to hit him, barely even felt the strike across his cheek from being way too tired and used to the physical abuse. All he felt was his cheek warming up and a slight stinging.
For now, consider this the end but gingerred_robin and I love this series and have lots of ideas, so who knows.
“Don’t worry about him. He just needs time to warm up. He also knows to knock on doors and to wait for an answer and if you tell him to do something else, he will do that too.” Where that behavior came from was probably very obvious. Benni had learned that it was respectful and that people appreciated it, which was the reason he did it now. He liked to pretend to be an adult like the others.
,” James called out and Tony turned, keeping the gun facing forward. That had not been the case the first few times he had been distracted but now he knew better than to point it anywhere else. Hearing that word out of its usual context made Steve tense and send a glare James’ way.
Now Steve was truly curious and Dugan stepped back to hold the door open for a woman with Steve’s blond hair and blue eyes but an even kinder smile.
“No, you’re welcome to stay,” he said, heading over to his desk and calling James. When the call connected, he heard the furious way James said his name and confirmed his suspicions. James
When they finally hung up, Steve slipped the information into the breast pocket of his shirt and held onto the phone number, looking for Tony and finding him in the kitchen as per usual making a cup of coffee.
It was three weeks since Steve had last seen Tony. They had not placed deliveries, Steve had not requested that he visited and he certainly had not visited the deli. He figured it was the best move to just leave him alone. He still kept a close eye on Howard or at least his and James’ men did and while he hoped this would improve things for Tony, it made things worse for Steve.
“Nothing. I didn’t want to bother you,” he mumbled and looked down. The insecurity Tony had seen one too many times in the boy was back and Tony hated it.
“Good morning, lad,” Steve said, sure that if Tony wasn’t already awake, he was now. Benni came over and crawled into Steve’s lap.
“I don’t want that for Clint either. Though knowing how they both are, I don’t think it’ll be much of a friendship right away.”
“And that’s what happens to boys who refuse to sleep.” Tony smiled triumphantly. One hand still in Steve’s hair, the other holding his hand. Gently he intertwined their fingers and rubbed his thumb over the back of Steve’s hand. He felt smaller scars there on his soft but firm skin, feeling the bones and muscles. Holding Steve’s hand, being this close to him and feeling the warmth of his body was incredibly nice.
James looked over at him, his gaze starting at Clint’s feet and sweeping up him. Clint felt his cheeks warm and his stomach do a flip. His heart beat a little faster and he felt himself smiling involuntarily. The way James looked at him never failed to make him feel like the most precious thing on earth.
“Whipped cream,” Steve told him quietly, lowering his voice even more to say, “but save some of it for later too.” He gave Tony’s bottom a light tap and then went over to greet his mother and Benni.
Steve moved to stand behind the man, putting a hand on either side of his shoulders to hold him firmly in place. The man flinched and Steve felt his heartbeat speed up.
“I told you I’m never letting you out of my sight again,” Steve repeated, reaching into his waistcoat pocket to pull out the dog tags and put them into Tony’s hand.
Steve slammed his fist down on the table and even Dugan winced. “Out, take the girl,” he told him and Dugan stood and took Pepper by her arm, gently, and led her out, shutting the door.
Steve listened to Tony talk, watching him like he was just the most precious person in the world. Seeing Tony get flustered while talking confused him but he chalked it up to them not being used to just chatting like this and because Tony kept slipping up in what he was saying. Complimenting Steve’s looks and then his eyes but by his expression Steve assumed he had just noticed but didn’t want Steve to misinterpret it as more than observation but that was fine. Steve was just happy to know Tony had noticed things about him.
the young man said. James clenched his fist, his knuckles cracking with the effort. He wasn’t a fan of being cut off and even less so of being told no. He closed his eyes and inhaled, exhaling slowly.
By the time Tony and Benni arrived back home, Steve was in the library listening to music. He was lying on one of the couches, arms crossed over his chest, one leg up at an angle and the other straight out, his eyes closed. The record player filled the room with big band, saxophones and trumpets, easy on the ear voices and fun lyrics.
It very rarely failed to amaze Clint that the man comforting him, kissing his forehead, cooking him dinner, and coming to pick him up after a bad day was the head of the Russian mob. The same man had also proposed to Clint before, had given him a sweet pet name, and was soon taking him on a trip.
“So then why did you? I mean, why did you say yes? To be nice? Because of Rhodey?” Tony asked from behind his menu. He could be as bold and brave as he wanted with it to hide his expressions.
“We also do engraving,” she said as he took the ring back into his own hand. “Although it will take another two hours.”
Tony was still in thought about what he was talking about with Dugan while turning around. Seeing Steve standing there like he owned the whole world, radiating confidence and looking absolutely gorgeous, Tony fell in love with him all over again.
“Mornin’, Rhodes,” he said with a knowing smile. Rhodey had made Tony come downstairs and meet him, too embarrassed to go up to his Captain and fellow firefighters’ apartment to pick up his hungover roommate. “Hey, don’t worry about Tony.”
“It was nice, Pep. I’ll see you around?” Tony asked and she nodded. They hugged before Tony and Benni went inside. Tony was taking the long way back to the house, not knowing if it would be a good idea to use the front door. It was unusual for him to head out without Steve or Sarah and he should probably talk to one of them about what to say and how to behave.
He removed them and tossed them back into the corner. “If you‘d like, because it’ll help build your upper body strength for shooting, I can give you boxing lessons. If you’re more comfortable not hitting me,” he said, realizing this might be something Tony wouldn’t want to do with Steve, “Falsworth used to be a trainer.”
I’m alright, I promise.” He pressed another kiss on his brother’s forehead. “I’m sorry you can’t come with us this time but I promise we’ll go on a proper vacation.”
“Come now, Falsworth,” he said, passing under a streetlight, casting shadows on his face, making the places where his eyes should’ve been black holes. He smiled at Falsworth. “Turn, let me get my knife, make this a fair fight.”
“That you like ‘em both ways,” she stated as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. “Is that what this is about?”
“Like you?” He asked, moving a hand to Steve’s face. How could he ever be anything like Steve? But Tony knew that Steve was also only interested in men. And from what Tony could tell and from the way his body
Slowly, he stood, looking around as his eyes adjusted to the dimness. There was a cot pushed up against the back wall and that was where he had been laying. There was a toilet in the other corner and then by the door he noticed for the first time a small metal tray and a glass jar with a clear liquid that Clint assumed and hoped was water.
“Like in the movies? Where they kiss in the end?” He tilted his head and Tony nodded. “Why?” The innocence in that question was the most beautiful thing he could have imagined.
“Some are, some aren’t. I’m not even sure how Falsworth and Jones will react once they inevitably find out. For some of those trigger-happy drug addicts,” he said, knowing his men were involved in much worse things than homosexuality and yet, “being what I am is the worst sin out there. I’ve heard ‘em talking enough. Saying they should bring back public execution for people like me. Burning at the stake, all that shite and in the same breath they’ll mention how they stabbed a man for not sharing his seat on a bus. Some of ‘em just need to go. It’s time.”
him for a short time too,” Clint said, breathing a quiet laugh. “No rush, it will just be great to have you there.” Besides, it wasn’t like Clint felt mentally or emotionally ready to return either. Every time he did, even when he tried to force himself to think about the good times, he’d inevitably come back to everything going black as he was dragged out and thrown into the van.
When Tony and Benni came back, Sarah declined her pudding cup and stood, going into the hall and asking one of the guards to take her to James. He of course agreed and began walking her towards the private elevators at the end of the hall. Dmitri who was on his way to provide an update for James, dismissed the other man and took her up himself.
James clapped a hand over his mouth when a laugh bubbled up. Clint lifted his head to press a kiss to James’ cheek, grinning at him.
She put the food down on the little table that sat between the bookshelves and the couch where he was and then turned to him, a soft touch on his good shoulder as she leaned in to kiss his hair. When she pulled back, she ruffled it and said, “Eat up before it gets cold.”
“In the meantime, I’ll start canvassing the area. See if any of the businesses nearby saw anyone come in or out of Clint’s bar this morning,” Natalia offered, waiting, surprisingly, for the go ahead from James who nodded and she pushed up and away from the table, saying a polite goodbye to Sarah before she left the kitchen.
“I can’t even remember what anything tastes like right now,” Clint added, his eyes feeling heavy like he needed to sleep. “If we survive this and you don’t turn out to be some kind of spy for these guys, we should get a burger.” It was getting harder to pay attention to Tony’s mouth and the more they talked about food, the hungrier he felt and the more lightheaded he became.
“He’ll be there in a minute, Stevie. I’m just explaining your medicine schedule,” James said. Even though the doctor had already been in earlier to explain it to them all. He turned back and looked at Tony. “So?”
“Don’t talk to me like that! I’m your father,” Howard barked. If he continued to be this loud he would wake the little one. So Tony went to close the kitchen door to muffle out the noises.
Clint wondered how that had come up in conversation but he didn’t ask about it. “No, that was the second time. The first time, I came home and he was there with James.” Clint paused to yawn and gather his thoughts. He knew Tony was young but not that young. Wow. “I own a bar. Was gonna invite you for drinks after all of this.”
The end! Thank you to everyone who’s been on this 1940s series ride since the beginning and to everyone who leaves comments (especially you regulars, we appreciate you so much!)
The sigh of relief that went around the group of people in the waiting room was like a drug. Everyone instantly relaxed, some closing their eyes, others sagging so far into their chairs they almost slid right out.
He moved his hand up, palming him through his trousers and Tony's reaction was absolutely gorgeous. Steve grunted, squeezing briefly and releasing. He tilted his head back to look at Tony, catching his open mouth in a kiss.
“If it was supposed to be any of your business, you’d know by now,” he told him, heading back inside and Jones followed a few moments later, rolling his eyes. Cap was going to skin them when he realized that whatever it was, was still not being taken care of.
“That’s what I keep telling myself too,” James said quietly and saw Steve’s frown deepen, a crease appearing between his eyebrows.
“If you’d like, you can ask Benni directly. He would love to ask you more. I told him not to.” When Steve got up, Tony sat up as well but got distracted by Steve’s barely dressed figure in front of him. “Hm? Oh, of course not.” He shook his head but stayed in place. “Do you think she’ll mind? That... it’s me?”
“If you want your answers, you will, lad,” Dugan said, picking up the paper he left in the glove compartment and reading, done talking for now.
Clint and Tony weren’t alone. They were beaten and starved and probably sleep-deprived but they weren’t alone. They had each other.
Much to everyone’s relief, both of them slept through the night. They had no doubt that it was a combination of exhaustion, strong pain meds, and a feeling of security. They all knew that nightmares would soon become an even more regular part of their nights soon, but for now they were just grateful the two of them managed one night. Little victories.
Clint fell silent. He turned to James, opened his mouth and closed it again. He frowned, staring down at his feet under the blankets and then sighed, laying back down and holding the paper up over him to read it.
he yawned. “All good. Couldn’t sleep and came here.” Clint helped him sit up, probably noticing how tired Tony was. “Help me up please,” Tony asked Steve, his hand reaching out for him to take. What was the point of having a strong man who didn’t help him?
Clint was at the bar. James was impressed by how quickly and easily he had gone back there and fallen into his familiar work pattern. He didn’t work quite as long as he used to, giving Phil more responsibility, but he was there in the morning and left in the early afternoon most days.
“No, we were waiting on you two,” Clint said and James turned around, a piece of chicken almost to his lips.
“I was thinking about it and I can’t say I’ve seen you this tipsy before. I’m not counting the painkillers.” He watched Steve’s face while he wrapped the bandages around the clean cloth. “Do you want to lay down and tell me?”
” Steve said, a vein in his forehead extending. He was mad at himself for not having seen this coming. He should’ve known anyone James would fall for had to be a resourceful person.
A year ago Tony had been eating just as little as he was now but he had more blankets thanks to his late mother. The deli had given him something to do, whereas now all he could do was worry and overthink.
Steve smiled and then turned to Rhodey. “You’re exempt, obviously.” He turned to Bucky who looked at his guys from squad who had all also been yelling and carrying on.
“It’s not done for me. You keep doing it,” he said and felt his ears burn at his own words but he managed to keep looking him in his beautiful eyes. “Will you at least let me help around? Your mom is adamant that I laze about.”
” Tony said with confidence he wasn’t used to, biting the inside of his cheek. “What I’d like and what is possible are two different things,” he said, now more somber, his words carrying more weight than he intended. What he wanted to do was be closer to Steve, run his hands over his body, tell him how he felt. What he could do was sit next to him, talk to him and be his friend. Which was also nice but not quite what Tony would prefer, if he was completely honest. “It would be nice though. Spending time after dinner, after talking with
He had had his fair share of nightmares from the war and he knew, with a lot of convincing from James, that he wasn’t weak, he was suffering; suffering from battle fatigue, as they called it, but this was a whole new ball game. And what was worse were the times when he woke up completely disoriented, looked around for Tony only to not find him and immediately lapse into an unshakeable panic until James could calm him and remind him that he was safe, they were both safe, and Tony was at home.
Steve exhaled slowly. Tony never failed to be a source of peace. He looked over at the food, then at Tony and then over at his desk where his phone sat, still not ringing. He had overstepped. Maybe he was the one who needed to reach out first.
“I can’t help you there,” Clint said, finishing his apples and putting them in a bowl for Tony. “I’ll probably ask James later. It could… it could just be the strain of them still having to see and talk about the man who took us. I can see how that would take a toll.” He closed his eyes and calmed his breathing, focusing on the sharp, sweet smell of the apples.
“You good to go?” Sarah asked knocking on Tony’s door and then entering. “Lad, you can call me if you need help with the sweater,” she said and helped Tony. He was closing down again, like the other day at the store when it was too much for him to handle and process. He could hear words from far, far away but they didn’t reach him until he felt a hand on his and heard Benni call him “
“It’s awful but it’s better than going my whole life never knowing what kind of man he really is.” He put a hand on the back of the seat in front of Steve’s desk. “Dugan says we’re staying with you in your gaff till this is all cleared up?”
James took in a deep breath. At least five thoughts had gone through his head but they were decidedly all too intense to say out loud. He didn’t hate Tony, he just wanted Steve safe. “Do you know why he was shot?”
Two he had seen before. They had been nice enough considering who they were. However, there was a man putting his hat down on a table and watching Tony with a fixed gaze and suddenly Tony was painfully aware of the stains on his shirt and apron, how one sleeve was rolled up while the other wasn’t, and let’s not get started on the messiness of his hair. That tall man was everything Tony wasn’t. His skin glowing, his suit immaculate, his posture perfect and strong, his eyes clear like the sunniest summer sky.
Both of them thanked the waitress when their food arrived and took a moment to eat a few bites before they spoke again.
. So James knew it was only a matter of time before Clint felt he could no longer let what happened keep him from his bar. James
“We were looking at our map just now. The lad had some ideas,” Dugan said from where he was standing.
Tony guided Steve’s head back onto the arm of the couch. “Make me yours. Claim me, show me off, whatever it is you want to do,” he said between kisses, which he peppered all over Steve’s face, his hands grabbing his hair. “Unless there was more you wanted to say?” he asked, his tone challenging and amused, knowing well that Steve’s vocabulary was going to be reduced to curse words soon.
“Sir, I—” Cap pulled the trigger. A moment later Dugan and Falseworth came in and dragged him out. Jones came in afterwards to do cleanup. Cap cleaned his gun again and put it away, closing the drawer. He stood, checking his pocket watch. It was about time for his weekly drink.
He took off the necklace with the dog tags but hesitated. This was all he had of Steve. It was all he had left to focus on. What would he do without it?
“No, I want to. I definitely do. Just… I want one more night at home first. Just me and you. And Lucky.”
” she told him, taking it and sipping slowly. She eyed him while he worked and then said, now knowing exactly what had taken place, “I take it they weren’t actually talking when you looked in.” She kept her voice soft. She didn’t want Tony to feel like he was being interrogated or put on the spot.
“Morning, morning, we shooting shit?” Clint asked, coming down the stairs in his sleep clothes and a robe, yawning. Lucky was at his feet and came over to greet James who scratched the pup’s neck.
“Uh… in here?” replied a voice that Tony couldn’t put a face to but he followed it down the hall and into a cozy room with two couches, a tv, a large table, and a kitchen behind it where two women now stood, leaning against the counter drinking coffee, their fingers intertwined.
Steve pulled back, staring in Tony’s eyes, still swaying. He smiled, staring at Tony’s lips for much longer than he should’ve. He ducked his head slightly as if to kiss him, so close, just one kiss. Maybe he could play it off like an accident.
Tony was wondering where or when the topic of himself had ever come up for Clint to know but then again it was the same with Steve mentioning James’ fella. He nodded in response, not trusting his voice or his breathing. He missed everyone and he missed being in a warm, loving home.
James’ eyes were shiny as well, the tears sitting there, threatening to well over and roll down his cheeks because listening to the man he loved cry so hard and so much was officially the most painful thing he had ever had to endure second
“How could I not be,” he asked and kissed Steve's chest, unable to move more than that. There was some guilt over the thought that he hadn't been able to help Steve. “Are you?” He asked.
The car was outside when they stepped out and it was nice and warm inside. Sarah told the driver where she wanted to go and he took them there. It was in a corner of Brooklyn Tony had never been to before. They stopped in front of a menswear store and Sarah told the driver to make himself comfortable.
“And you, as someone who loves him, as his boyfriend and someone he loves, should know what that business is. You shouldn’t have to ask him. I’m not saying Steve is keeping things from you, but he’s also not entirely used to sharing that portion of his life with people. Doesn’t mean he shouldn’t with you.” James had had it with Steve not knowing how to function around Tony. If either of them were going to actually be good for one another, they would need to figure this out. Tony needed to ask and Steve needed to tell.
. Nothing seemed to be appropriate, though, so he simply gave him another smile while he watched him go.
He crossed his arms over his chest and whistled again, a different melody, and Dugan and Jones came in this time. Steve turned to them and said, in Gaelic, “
“You had me there for a second,” he said with a chuckle. “Wish I could’ve seen that smirk. Soon I will. We’re making good progress. Just a few still out there and then I’ll have ya in my arms again,” he finished with a yawn.
Sarah didn’t say anything, too terrified for her son, her heart nearly beating out of her chest. “I’ll wait for the boys to get back and go talk to James.”
If they were counting, which they both were, next week would be their sixth month anniversary. Much to the surprise of absolutely no one, their third date went splendidly and after that, it was hard to find a spare moment of their time that they weren’t trying to fill with the other’s presence.
“He is,” Steve agreed with a small smile, tucking the tags away into his jacket pocket. Tony knew Steve was coming for him. He knew Steve hadn’t given up on him and he had left Steve evidence of that. Steve
“Thanks, lad,” the other said and Tony turned around to head back to the store. At this rate, that might have been the last time he went there.
Clint’s head was pounding but he refused to open his eyes; he wanted to live in his dream a while longer. He had dreamt of James. Nothing fancy, just dinner. Dinner with him at a restaurant. Going out together, hand in hand, uncaring, and safe to do so. He had pressed a kiss to James’ stubbly cheek and said something to make him laugh.
James’ words rang out in the room, making Steve wince. James closed his eyes, gripping the dog tags tighter.
Clint nodded. “Good, then on that note, the rest of our lives is a long time and you’re going to have to tell me what’s bothering you at some point. I’m glad you have Steve and I’m happy I have Tony but first and foremost we have each other.”
Once on scene it became clear that the windows were easy to access via the fire escape and that this was likely a squatter cooking incident or just dumb teenagers playing around. Still they had to go in and check for anyone.
He pulled out the bread roll he had tucked away under his blanket and pulled off a small piece, putting it in his mouth and chewing.
“You’re so talented, Steve. You should definitely draw more.” He rested his chin on Steve’s chest and looked up at him. “My favorite one is of the cottage by the cliffs. The sky is grey and cloudy. I don’t know why but it soothes me.” He pressed a few kisses on Steve’s chest again and again, scared of hurting again.
Tony turned his head away again. Only because Clint needed to read his lips did he turn it back. “After dinner we talked. Then he asked me if I danced and then we did. It’s strange… because I didn’t feel weird at all. I left the room but he came after me, asked me what it would take for me to leave him. When I told him there wasn’t anything, he kissed me.”
“Upstairs are the bedrooms. Benni has his room on the left side of the hallway and Sarah moved down the hallway too… for reasons.” Tony blushed a little and cleared his throat. “Anything else? Oh, towels and such are in your bedroom.”
“You’re not getting rid of me, Steve. I’m going to stay, whether you like it or not.” He let go of his wrists. There was no point in trying to talk some sense into him and Tony knew that, so he wouldn’t waste his breath. Instead he stared right back at Steve who looked like he was talking to a business partner who dared to talk back to him. Steve didn’t scare him. He didn’t break eye contact while wondering which of them was the more stubborn one.
However, Clint wasn’t really the sitting around type. Not when he was forced into a situation. He could most definitely spend a few days in bed with James doing nothing but he had never been the lay down and roll over type. He wasn’t sure about Tony but he decided to test the waters anyway with an idea he had been thinking about since the last time they had brought the food.
Steve kicked open the door and fire opened on it. He reached forward again to pull Dugan and Jones down a little further and keep them out of the line of fire.
James extended his to Natalia, dropping her off on the second floor and then being grabbed by Sarah who held them both close as they ascended the stairs together.
“You sure you don’t need anything?” Steve couldn’t help but think about how dismissive he had been of Clint this entire time, especially when Clint and James were nothing but sweet and considerate when it came to Tony.
“Buck, this is Tony. Tony, Bucky. Tony here drunkenly climbed our fire escape and slept on the couch thinking it was his apartment,” Steve explained. Bucky stopped pouring his coffee to turn and raise an eyebrow in disbelief.
Steve was shaking his head too. “I got lost in the moment,” he said, “I’m glad you enjoyed it but I don’t ever want to see bruises on you from anyone’s hands ever again and especially not my hands.”
Steve’s hands moved without his knowledge, muscle memory, to hold James, both on the broad expanse of his back, and he moved into the kiss, letting James’ tongue in without protest, his eyes closed. The kissing was loud and needy, both of their chests heaving. There wasn’t much rational thought in Steve’s mind right that moment, too taken by surprise to process and remember why he didn’t want this.
“I’d love to see it,” Tony mumbled, closing his eyes and imagining the cottage and what it would look like in person. “That’s something I regretted. I always wanted to spend time with you far away. Just you and me. Did you know James has a house in France?”
Jones shook his head. “Unlike Jim, I’m prepared to give my life for the man who saved mine.” And it was true. Steve, being who he was, had taken significant risks for the safety of his team. A bullet in the back for Dugan, shrapnel in his lower leg for Jones and another bullet—though it only nicked his skin—on his right arm for Falsworth. Every time he’d pushed them out of the way and stopped what would’ve been a quick death. “If he can't return a life for a life as the bare minimum of his loyalty to you, I don’t give much worth to his. Dugan and I owe you double now to make up for that sorry waste of space.”
Tony smiled and closed his eyes again, drifting off. “Good. I can rest then,” he mumbled and fell asleep within seconds.
“Thanks,” Dugan said, nodding up at Tony. Steve just watched, curious, his hand coming up to his chin.
“Just another day in the life of a mob boss,” he said somewhat bitterly. He knew this was the life he chose, which meant he chose the problems that came with it, but that didn’t mean he had to like it. “Someone is after James, trying to take him down. Everyone in our world,” he said, referring to the organized crime world, “knows we work together. So if they’re after him, they’re after me.”
“If you weren’t, you’d have killed me by now.” Steve said nothing. “It’s not about what proof I have or don’t have. It’s about who I can get to believe—”
“Before we even touch on the subject you demand to be told about, we’re going to talk about what you did, Steve.”
She came back over to where he was standing, looking up at one of the maps they had hung on the wall. So far they had managed to cross off two locations and still had three more to go.
“Listen, baby,” James said and his voice went softer than Clint had ever heard it. “I’m not going to push you to tell me how you feel or what you’re thinking. I just want you to know that I’m here whenever you’re ready to talk, no matter what it’s about or when it is. Even if you think it’s silly. I know I don’t understand the way Tony can but I am here for you.”
“You speak as if you were a hundred years old.” Tony chuckled and shook his head. “We’ll see, I guess.” First he needed to heal. Then came everything else.
He smiled, said he liked the sound of that, and went on to offer Loki a proposition: if he brought him information on James Romanov, he would make sure that mayor was not the final stop in his political career. That was when Loki asked for proof and the man gave Loki the number to the president’s chief-of-staff, told him to call it later and if he liked what he heard on the other end of that call, to let him know and they could get started.
When he finally slowed to a stop, Tony was still panting and he gasped as Steve slid out. Steve collapsed on the bed beside him, just as out of breath and satisfied with the evening.
“A little,” he admitted. He would give it another ten minutes. He reached for the sandwich and took a bite, chewing slowly. “Delicious as always, love.”
“I have to talk to Steve,” Tony whispered softly while fixing his tie around his neck. “Don’t tell anyone, okay?” Benni made him promise to stay until he was asleep and so Tony stayed and only left once he was sure that Benni was truly asleep.
There that touch was again. The gentle warmth that spread throughout his body, making his stomach flutter in the most unusual way.
“Did they now?” Tony smiled and listened to more excited rambling from Benni until he was truly exhausted from the whole day. Benni was also starting to get sleepy.
Steve looked down and ground his jaw before regaining his composure, going for his usual closed-off self. “I’m fine. Tony here yet?”
James was more calculated, more deliberate. Like with Loki. People don’t like to feel unsafe in their own homes in their own beds while they slept, so he made it so for Loki. He wasn’t sure what his angle was yet for this man but he knew it would be excruciating and slow.
She exhaled. “I just worry. Neither of those boys make reading what’s going on with them particularly easy but thank you.” She smiled at his last statement. “Anyone who held such a special place in your heart must’ve been a lovely lady. I’m sure I’d have loved her as well.”
“I know,” James lied, turning just enough to give Clint a small smile. Clint was wrong, though. He couldn’t know that. Neither of them could and Bakuto had made that more evident than ever and James hated it with a passion.
He’d already asked Phil about taking on the role of manager while Clint was away. He had prepared a whole speech and everything, ready to offer Phil a large raise in return for his work but Phil shut him down before he could even get to talk of payment.
“Here. A five and five ones instead of two fives. Looks like less. I won’t be taking this back again, you hear?” His look was intense and he was not bluffing.
Having raised Benni gave him enough ways to help someone fall asleep. One of those ways was speaking very softly in a low voice.
Even though he didn’t want to, Tony fell asleep soon after and it was the best sleep he had in years.
They carried boxes of different kinds of alcohol to the car while Tony packed the last of the food, the pasta maker, coffee mill and some other things he had missed in Sarah’s kitchen.
“Clint helped me. You’ve been doing so much lately, it’s the least I can do,” Tony replied to Sarah and kissed her cheek after setting the empty plate down in front of her. Together with Steve and Benni they finished quickly, then said grace, and Tony started serving the food.
“Tony!” Benni yelled as soon as he saw his brother was awake, climbing right away on top of the bed. “
“I love you,” Clint breathed, his forehead pressed against James’, their breath mingling from the closeness. He felt James sigh, it gently swept across his face.
When he woke up again he was in his new bed. The sheets, the covers, even the pillows smelled new and so fresh. The mattress was incredibly comfortable, making Tony feel as if he was resting on a cloud. How did he get to the bed? From the other side of the door he heard Benni speaking to someone and then he even laughed. That sound was like music to his ears. Tony got up very slowly and moved to the door that connected their rooms. It felt only appropriate to knock before entering and so he did.
but it hadn’t yet dawned on him that he and James hadn’t been so carefree in one another’s company in such a long time—able to simply split a bottle or two between themselves, drink too much, laugh at things that weren’t funny. It was nice.
“So he’s… direct. And I’m very lost,” Sam said, moving closer to Bucky who tilted his head down slightly to kiss Sam’s lips.
“Please get here soon, Steve,” he whispered and hugged his knees close to his chest in an attempt to make himself feel warmer and more comfortable. He hated the cold.
“We also run the risk of any of his men seeing that that ambulance isn’t being used for its intended purpose,” Steve reasoned.
Steve put his hands on his hips and eyed everyone at the table. “All of you, we’re running drills. Now, let’s go.”
“I’m going to have to call it as well. You coming?” He asked, standing and looking down at Tony with a smile. He reached over to grab his discarded clothing from the other couch and moved slowly towards the door, waiting for Tony’s response.
“It’s just a piece of paper. Doesn’t really mean anything. It’ll just make it easier if anyone does feel like sticking their noses where they shouldn’t and I can’t…” Steve trailed off, gesturing in the air as he searched for a more diplomatic way of phrasing it. “Can’t
“Good,” Rhodey said, his expression clearing and frown lines disappearing. “Did you need something?”
Tony held onto Benni, making sure he knew that he was still there for him too. When Benni didn’t answer at all Tony gently rubbed his back.
“Hello,” James said, coming inside the house. He and Clint had had a disagreement about the wheelchair versus the crutches. James didn’t want him putting any strain on himself or his leg that he didn’t need to and Clint, naturally, didn’t want to be coddled. Clint won after actually snapping at James, something he hadn’t really done before, and James realized he needed to back off. Even so, things felt a little tense.
He knew there was no going to sleep now so he glanced over in Tony's direction although conversation was out of the question as it was too dark. He squinted, trying to make out his shape and see if he was awake but he couldn’t so he gave up.
Steve was only turning twenty-nine this year but the tension knots in his neck and back told a different story.
“Because of who I am. And who you are. And because...” He sighed heavily. “I have no experience.” Before getting out of the situation he was in, he had no life. And it had never bothered him until he realized what he missed out on.
“Have you lot not eaten yet? It’s past dinner time,” Steve asking Clint and Tony, pulling a piece off and eating it because he was still tipsy and the thought of Tony or his mother telling him off hadn’t registered yet.
They spent their time in the kitchen, Tony not letting go of his brother while Sarah prepared dinner. Steve helped her every now and then but usually came back to talk to Benni, asking him as many questions about the zoo as possible. By the time they had finished their dinner and Sarah served the fresh batch of cookies, Benni was back to his cheerful, albeit now a lot sleepier, self.
When they arrived, Dugan turned and asked her if she’d like for him to wait outside and she told him no. She had a ride to get back home. He nodded and drove off once she was inside the building.
James glanced over at Maria who still did not seem bothered in the least and then he went back to Natalia.
Steve Rogers was not someone who woke up with total mental clarity or with all his senses working at full capacity. He woke disoriented and mumbling. Usually his brain, running at only fifteen percent, would fill in the gaps in his understanding, supply the who, what, when, where and why, so it was no wonder that he did what he did when he woke up.
Memories of coming home after the war combined with being in a dark, cold room with no clue where he was, what time it was, or if someone was coming was not putting Clint in a good place. Around day three—he was counting days by sleeps which were only about two hours anyway so it wasn’t the best measurement method—the men started visiting and Clint never had any warning.
“You’re an idiot sometimes, Steve,” Tony said with a small chuckle and took Steve’s hand. “And you’re mine. I don’t... with or without the money, the house and everything else. I’d stay. Because I love
While James browsed the menu for a nice red wine, he absentmindedly lifted his arm to rest along the back of Maria’s chair, so accustomed to Clint always sitting on his right whenever they ate dinner at home. His fingers stilled against her back and it was obvious that was not the body type he had expected under his fingertips.
Clint was relieved that Tony seemed as excited to see Clint as he was to see him, smiling and following Tony over to the couch. He propped his crutches up on the couch and carefully plopped down, keeping his casted leg raised.
They smiled, apart from the usual perks of the job—knowing they saved lives and all—there were also occasionally unexpected benefits.
. I don’t trust him,” Steve instructed. “I want Tony making weekly deliveries too,” he said, not just because he loved his sandwiches but to keep his own updates on Tony and those colorful marks on him.
“James,” Steve said sternly, “you don’t think I haven’t had the same thoughts about Tony? I offered him the out. Told him I would set him and Benni up nice wherever they wanted to go. He declined. Wanted to stay with me and I bet my life Clint would do the same.”
“Tony,” he tried again, just desperate to see him actually communicate and show signs that he could talk and think and wasn’t beat into a coma.
And now as the phone rang a third time, he felt his pulse race and he had to swallow a few times before his throat felt clear. His free hand clenched into a fist, only relaxing again when the receiver was finally picked up and he could hear the sounds of the bar in the background.
“Clint?” James repeated, his hands on the desk and head down as he fought to carefully contain everything he felt. At least if Tony was next he would get to hear Steve’s voice.
“Good ten minutes, I suppose.” She shrugged, moving her hand to rub his back. “Ya didn’t flinch when I touched you. Not now, not earlier. I’m glad to see you gettin’ better.” She tried to convince him to get himself a snack or a milkshake, something in his stomach that wasn’t coffee and he eventually did to get her out of his hair.
Tony was still holding onto Steve’s wrists and he swallowed hard to get his own emotions under control. This had nothing to do with him. He needed to be there for Steve. Work through these things. He told James he could do it and he would. Even if it was the last thing he did.
“June 10th,” Steve answered, slicing bread fresh from the bakery. He wasn’t sure when she’d brought it back but Sarah must’ve gone out and come back in. “Why?”
“Dance? I don’t think so.” She gave him a stern look and he raised his hand in defense. “I have a broken arm. So maybe something calmer?”
“Is it ‘cause it’s a fella?” she asked quietly and Tony’s eyes widened in shock and he pulled his hand away. “Tony, calm down,” she said and grabbed his hand. “It’s okay.” She kept saying that until he managed to calm back down a little.
“Pep, can I buy you a milkshake?” Tony asked, not ready to go back home just yet. Pepper was the only other friend he had and she felt like the only one right now who he wanted to talk to.
Steve snorted. “Not the first time I’ve heard that.” He was smiling against Tony’s side and then he yawned. “Did you… the other night when I fell asleep on your bed… what were you saying about sleepy boys? Is that a story?” He was getting tired, and relaxing, and he owed it all to Tony. Just one more reason to love him, he supposed.
Tony was debating whether or not he should get a nurse to fix the stitches right away but there was a clear priority. He moved back to Steve’s bed and hugged his head close to his chest.
“Because any earlier and I won’t have calmed down enough to not stab you,” James warned him and Steve decided not to poke at his angry friend any longer. Sure James was withholding seemingly important information but Steve had overstepped by going after Clint.
Clint chuckled. “Tall, might have been a Greek god in a past life, the voice. I mean, blonds aren’t my thing but Steve? I get it.”
Steve was shaking his head while Tony spoke about things being better without him. There was no way in hell he’d ever agree with that. “You can’t be sure of it and you can’t blame yourself for your father’s mistakes. He was never going to be a good man regardless of whether or not you’d been born. How could any good man ever become what he was?” Steve rubbed his temple, calming himself. “Those same people you think would have been spared sadness would have also been robbed of joy. The joy you bring to people, Tony. I never met your ma or your sister, but I’ve seen the way Benni lights up when you enter a room. The way he talks about you. I wasn’t even sure he knew anything else existed when you were in the hospital.” He chuckled at the memory of Benni talking his ear off about Tony. “And if you won’t let me use them as a defense, allow me to be selfish and say, I’d be a helluva lot sadder without you.” It was too honest and he felt his breathing catch so he turned away. He needed Tony to understand though. Understand that he was good to and for people.
Twenty minutes later, James was pacing back and forth in his office. Natalia was on the couch now with Dmitri beside her. Maria was safe at work and hadn’t noticed anything out of the ordinary. James wanted Natalia there with him just in case Clint wasn’t the only one they were going to go after.
“We should’ve done better,” James muttered angrily. He should’ve argued harder with Clint that morning, not letting him out of the house with anything short of a militia following at his heels. “They deserved better from us.”
James looked between the two of them, weighing the pros and cons and then nodded. “Alright. Let’s go talk to them.”
Steve decided to down his drink first, wiping his mouth. “What if… what if a small part of them fears us? Resents us? Since then, the idea has seemed sillier and sillier but I still can’t quite get it out of my head. What they went through… what was done to them... we do that on the regular. It’s the job, James. That
“Can’t we have cookies for dinner?” Benni tried, liking the idea of getting another batch of cookies.
They texted a while longer until they decided on steaks at a somewhat nice restaurant in Williamsburg and they would meet there at seven. Tony put his phone down, a small smile on his face, and looked up at Rhodey who was smiling back at him.
James let go of Steve, steadying himself and making his way over to Clint. With his inhibitions infinitely lowered, he bent to kiss Clint, his tongue slipping into his mouth as he kissed him breathless and then pulled away, still smiling.
“Likewise,” James agreed, knowing how many times he had promised to spoil Clint rotten and intending to make good on that as often as possible.
Tony’s hand ran over one of the wool blankets. Maria, his mother, had a blanket not unlike this, years ago. He remembered how Nella had been wrapped up in it when she was shivering despite her fever that refused to go down. Nella had been brought to a hospital in that blanket and after she passed they were told the blanket needed to be burned. Even though she never said so, Tony knew Maria had loved that blanket. Once Maria had told him how her mother had brought that blanket over to the U.S. when they first came here.
wanted. He wanted to kiss him as they turned slowly in the dimly lit room. He wanted to hug Tony tight and tell him he would always be there for him.
James said, dismissing Nikolai, his bookkeeper, along with Vitaly who would also be taking on more responsibility in James’ absence.
Some time later he ended up in the library and explored it some more. There was a shelf full of records that he didn’t notice yesterday so he went to browse through them. There were only a few artists of which he had heard. Careful not to scratch the record, he pulled it out and started playing it. The room filled with soft jazz, inviting the listener to sit and relax. He went from shelf to shelf to look at each and every book, his fingers gently running over the spines.
“Thank you, Timothy,” she told Dugan, no friend of nicknames or last names as a means of addressing someone. She gave Steve a loving smile. “I heard you’ve been having a few tough ones, pet,” she said and she barely made it another three steps before Steve was kissing her cheek and pulling her into a hug.
“I barely remember anything after saying goodnight so I’d wager not long at all,” he said with a grin. His mother rolled her eyes but chuckled.
They turned at the sound of a familiar click to see Loki standing behind them in the hallway in his sleep clothes. Something must have tipped him off and this time he was ready. Or maybe he just didn’t sleep that well anymore. That thought brought James a lot of comfort.
Clint looked between the photos, his excitement growing and only overshadowed by his love for James. He really was going through a lot of trouble to give this to Clint.
The irony of what they were currently doing wasn’t lost on either of the mob bosses as they walked into the dark room, rolling up their sleeves. The door shut behind them and then it was just the three of them in the cold, damp room.
“Mars is pretty neat but wait, the moon’s not a planet?” Clint asked in fake-shock, hoping Benni would be up to telling him about it.
Clint turned his head at a strange sound and then realization dawned on him and Lucky poked his head around the corner, looking for Clint. He wagged his tail when he spotted him and came into the room to curl up at Clint’s feet in front of the fire.
have time for your antics,” James snapped, the idea of Clint in some cold, wet room kept flashing in his mind and it was making him irritable. He could imagine Steve was struggling to keep a lid on his worry as well. “What aren’t you telling me?”
Tony would drop by the firehouse on the way to work in the mornings and bring baked goods or just hang out in Steve’s office or the communal area with everyone else. Steve used every opportunity for a refuel to spend whatever minutes he had in Tony’s garage. He had even gotten to know Pepper and Bruce quite well. Reed was still an unknown but Tony assured him it was better that way.
Tony listened, suddenly feeling more than a little drained by the conversation. Not that he wasn’t enjoying himself. It was just that he had still a lot of catching up on sleep to do. “It’s easy to talk to you. There’s something about you that’s inviting,” Tony said before finishing what little was left of his coffee. “I’m sorry, I’m very tired all of a sudden. I think I’ll take a nap if that’s okay.”
“I mean it, Clint, if you don’t want to go back, we don’t have to. This is about helping you two recover but if it’s only going to make you worse—”
“I think that’s what they have each other for, like us,” Clint added, looking over at Tony. “We will be. It’ll just take time. So, what’s next for me, chef?”
He watched Tony get out of bed in nothing but his underwear and he hummed in appreciation, chewing his bottom lip. He didn’t want Tony to feel like he was just something to be looked at so he dropped his gaze and started finding his clothes for the day, opening the large closet and going through shirts. “Alright,” he said, “I hope he’s doing alright this morning.”
Once everything had been explained, Steve remained quiet for a moment, processing and figuring out what this would mean for him.
As always, Tony cooked dinner with leftovers from the store in order not to waste good food and save money which he then could steal from the register. Howard had disappeared, probably to buy more alcohol and Tony used the calm evening to cook together with his brother and teach him the basics. They even managed to eat dinner in peace, bathe and Tony tucked Benni in his own bed, reading him a fairy tale and kissing him good night. He did all that without ever showing how nervous he was that his father had not been around all day. It was truly getting too good to be true.
important thing in the world but Clint would definitely like to have it. Or forms of it because he was very limited with his leg. Little movements were enough to have it throbbing for the next few hours.
“Why me?” He asked, leaning back away from Tony, enough that Tony’s hand fell away from his face. He sat up on the couch. Steve was aware that he was good-looking, rich, powerful and that these things were attractive and not that that was what he thought attracted Tony but it had happened in the past that someone he cared for was only interested in one or more of those things. With Tony, he worried more about a sense of duty, of gratitude, a need to repay Steve in any way possible even if Tony didn’t realize that was what he was doing. Steve needed to know Tony loved him for him.
James and Clint listened attentively, James’ arm wrapped around Clint and Clint’s head on James’ shoulder. Maria reached the punchline and they all laughed, even Dmitri up front was chuckling along, glancing back in the mirror to see all of the smiling faces in the dim light.
Steve didn’t comment on that. Instead he said, “You’re worth every cent of that and more, Pinky.” He reached up and patted his shoulder. “Thanks again for the car.”
“Cake is in the oven and in fifteen minutes, during the first break of his show, we’ll have dinner,” Tony stage whispered just to annoy his little brother who tried to glare at him. But a glare coming from that soft, round face was the least threatening thing Tony had ever seen.
His hands were bound behind his back and even though his eyes were open, he couldn’t see anything. Even if he could, it wouldn’t be of much help. How was he supposed to get out of this situation?
But he realized now that Tony hadn’t actually said all that much about himself. He had a few things about himself and his past but not nearly enough for him to know where to take him.
He swallowed past the sudden tears and the lump in his throat and managed a smile but it was sad and his lip trembled.
“Come on,” James said to the pup who jumped up onto the couch and laid himself across Clint’s legs, resting his face on his thighs and staring up at him. James had already grown attached to Lucky but seeing the way Lucky also cared for Clint made him love the dog even more.
Before the boy could answer her, Tony did by simply looking at her. He didn’t know how much of Steve’s life was actually public knowledge and he wasn’t about to risk giving anything away. No matter to whom. Pepper didn’t push further, Benni understood and that was that.
“You know I can’t tell happiness from misery on Winter’s face,” Dugan told him, pulling out onto the street.
“Falling for you was as natural as leaves falling from trees in fall. I… not because of who you are. And I’m grateful for what you do for me and Benni. But even if you didn’t, I would still feel the same. Warm, safe and protected.”
Once he adjusted to the brightness again and had calmed his heart, he looked back to the man next to him. Why was his heart beating so fast again? It felt like panic but not quite. It was warmer, fluffier.
Tony froze in place until he saw the shadows of the men getting bigger and bigger. Too late he convinced his cold and stiff body to move and run. The men recognized him, immediately started yelling and coming after him. One man grabbed him by his wrist but he managed to wiggle out of his grip and kicked the man blindly. He stumbled and fell into the snow but was quick to get up again, immediately starting to run again.
“That’s eighteen karats,” Monet said simply as Steve turned it over and over in between his fingers. “With hand cut rubies set into it.”
“What... happens next?” Tony wanted to know about his future, about Benni’s future; what would happen once he got out of here. Even if Steve said he didn’t owe him anything, Tony would need to find a way to make it up to him, to show his gratitude.
“Steve tells me you would like to finish it after all?” James asked, wanting to see Tony’s face and hear it for himself.
Of course Steve helped him wrap his hands up but somehow it didn’t feel good. No, it felt like Tony was failing miserably.
“Mom would drag me and Barney there at the crack of dawn for mass,” Clint continued. “Everyone looked down on us, treated us like dirt. They were mean to my mom because my dad didn’t show, they mocked our clothes, called us poor and uneducated to our faces.” His nostrils flared in anger and he shook his head. “I hated it.”
It became a weekly thing to deliver to the Irish. With every passing week, Howard got more and more irritated by their ‘audacity to take as much money for protection as they did and demand food on top of everything else’. He would tell Tony how awful the Irish were, complaining about how no one could understand them since they refused to speak proper English. Apparently they were also heavy drinkers, which was rich coming from Howard but Tony never said anything.
“‘Course! Who hasn’t been!” She laughed until she noticed the look on Tony’s face. “What? Never?” He shook his head. “That’s jus’ plain sad. We need to find ya a nice bird. I have a friend I think ya’d like her. Do ya want me to bring her next time?”
Tony held Steve's hands in his tightly. Seeing Steve so heartbroken hurt more than he could have ever said and it made his eyes fill with tears too. “Here’s what's going to happen. You’ll deal with this with the help of those you trust and who are still loyal to you. It’ll be difficult. But in a few weeks we’ll be back at home and every night we’ll be spending our evenings together. Because you promised and you always keep your promises. You hear me?”
James had thrown the pictures down and then Steve angrily tore them to shreds and tossed them into the fireplace before storming out a second after James. Dmitri, Natalia, Dugan, and Jones watched them leave and then continued working. They had narrowed it down but due to the recent snowstorm, they hadn’t been able to execute their ambulance plan just yet. They were slowly clearing the roads but the way to Queens still had some work before it was safe and Steve and James weren’t about to take the risk of saving them only to slide off the road.
Steve chuckled, and started pressing kisses on his chest again. “I’m your boss, huh?” he asked, his voice low and breath hot against Tony’s skin.
He glanced at each other face in turn— Madam Gao of the Chinese triad, Don Fisk of the Italian mafia, Mr Cage of the Harlem Mafia, and Bakuto of the Japanese yakuza—and they decided to wait another minute for James if for no other reason than they all feared him. Steve knew he wouldn’t—
When they got to the operating ward, Steve was ushered in and prepped. James burst into the surgical prep room and all the surgeons turned, masks on over their otherwise terrified expressions.
”. Together it made no sense no matter what order he put them in and he found himself pulling his eyebrows together again in confusion and chuckling. “I got about twenty percent of that but nothing to help me respond to you. However, that last part was clear as day despite my shite English. Appointments are fine and well but I’d also like to simply talk to you”—all the time? That’s certainly what he wanted to say—“whenever we can. When would you like to make your appointment for?” he asked with a laugh, grabbing one of the smaller pillows off the couch and holding it in his lap, very aware of how uncomfortably tight his trousers had become when Tony spoke Italian.
“I’m exhausted,” he confessed, throwing an arm across Tony and then he laughed again, softer. “Me and my advice aren’t friends.” His eyes were shut and he wasn’t seeing what he had been the last few days. His arm instinctively wrapped around Tony as opposed to just laying across him and he snuggled up to him, sighing happily but he was ninety percent gone, not even realizing it. He mumbled something but it was barely enough to make it out.
James and Dmitri headed home in their car and Dugan drove them to Steve’s home. Tony could hear Dugan say something but he didn’t know if he was talking to Steve or him. Did it matter? Once they got to the house, Benni ran to Tony and told him about something great that happened that day. Then there was suddenly nothing and the next thing Tony knew he was in his casual clothes and sitting at the dinner table with the others. The food smelled delicious but he wasn’t hungry.
“Benni,” Tony said and told him in Italian that it was rude to interrupt his breakfast because of this. He didn’t even notice how much he gestured while he spoke until Sarah chuckled softly.
Steve looked back down at his notes. The Japanese were still human-trafficking and gambling, the casinos belonged to them and they were known to fix races for personal gain. The Harlem mafia was working with cocaine and weapons.
It must have been around the two week mark when Tony noticed how thin he had gotten already. And wasn’t that just something? He hadn’t even noticed how much he had gained in the past few months in Steve and Sarah’s care.
One day Tony came downstairs, ready to go with Jones who was going to pick up Benni today. He made a quick stop in the kitchen to get a glass of water and when he turned around he saw Sarah and Steve standing in front of the fire in the living room. Both of them looked rather serious and there was that frown on Steve’s face that indicated that he was deep in thought.
Sarah chuckled. “As if only babies get cookies. I gave Steve a cookie this morning after you’d all left,” she said, and it was true. She’d just baked oatmeal raisin and she’d brought Steve some when they were done, shooing him out of the kitchen because he kept eating the raw dough. “So if you want cookies, big boys eat them as well.”
Clint waved away his explanation. “I get it,” he assured him. He still felt guilty about the failed escape attempt though. The fact that his plan had cost Tony so much pain; that it was the only reason Clint’s leg was broken. But if Tony hadn’t mentioned it—because Clint assumed he’d be in a headlock by now if he had—then perhaps it was best to just… leave it that way. In the past.
“I can show you,” Benni said happily, reaching out with his plate for the meat that Steve sat on it. James reached across and grabbed Tony’s plate, sending it up to Steve to load with meat and other food from the dishes near him and then he placed it back in front of him again.
“Yeah. I know, I know. I’m just taking a step back right now. There’s a good chance that all the time in the world won’t matter,” he said. James gave him a look. He hated when Steve got all self-deprecating and defeatist. Worst part was, he only ever got that way about himself, never his work or his business or anyone around him. “This was nice. I’m glad you’ve had time to come around lately.”
“Cap,” Dugan said, knocking lightly on the door before sticking his head around, “there’s someone here liked to see ya.”
“There’s no other way.” Tony nodded and looked back to Sarah who was now holding his hand and asking for something to drink. He nodded and headed out of the room to get her water and some juice, as well as coffee for himself.
He cleared his throat to get Tony’s attention and said, “what time does Benni get out? Will he be alright if I pick him up?” James did not want to be here. Steve would be fine. He
“He’s haunting me, Steve,” Tony said, his voice barely more than a whisper. Maybe Steve was right in asking him that. Maybe he wasn’t ready. “Tell me there’s no way for him to escape?”
Thankfully, the damned things were working out just fine anyway. The handover to Dugan was seamless, the adoption papers had arrived needing nothing more than a few spaces filled in and Tony’s signature, seeing as he was no longer a minor and needed to give his consent and consent for his brother.
Natalia and Maria were pressed up against each other in the back seat despite having more than enough space for them all to sit comfortably. Maria was nearly on Natalia’s lap and Natalia was pressing soft kisses to her cheek as Maria spoke, relating a story she found funny that had happened at work.
“Do you still know my number?” Tony nodded to that question. “Call me and tell me where we meet. I want to see you again.” She hugged him again and opened the car door for him.
He wrapped his arms around Clint’s shoulders as well as he could from the angle and rested his head on top of Clint’s, closing his eyes. He let out a deep sigh, rocking ever so gently with Clint against his chest.
Steve inspected it for a moment and then smiled and nodded. “Looks a charm, Pinky. Cheers. What do I owe you?”
That wasn’t shocking. It was on the list of reasons Steve and James had come up with themselves. Bakuto had always struggled to accept that he wasn’t the most powerful man in the city and Steve and James had never been particularly happy with the way he conducted business. There was no higher moral ground when it came to their lives but that didn’t stop them from making one, and one thing that was off-limits and always would be? Minors.
They finished the tour, Tony asking a question here and there as they went while Rhodey explained and introduced things, Steve jumping in every now and then with his own personal knowledge or an anecdote.
It was chilly in the room and Steve crossed his arms over his chest as he spoke. “Why don’t we just put one between his eyes and be done with it?”
“Of course I’ll teach you. We can start with five words a day. You’re already learning Irish, don’t want it to be too much,” James said, petting Benni’s hair.
While they had been apart, Tony was constantly afraid that he would get the message that Steve was dead. That he would never see him again. That thought frightened him more than he could say. Not once had he mentioned this fear to anyone and now in the safety of the dark and with Steve sleeping soundly on him, Tony allowed himself to let go of those fears. “
“Mmhm, like hell you did. You’re just trying to get into—Cap, hey,” Rhodey said, a smile on his face now and he said to Tony, quickly and under his breath, “
The process was incredibly quick to get through after all. According to Sarah, it had become a common thing lately with so many parents having lost their children in the war. The people from the agency came to inspect the property, meet Sarah and Steve—somehow, Steve wasn’t sure how, they hadn’t recognized him—and ask about the kind of people who frequent the property. It amused Steve to no end that one of the questions they were supposed to ask—if they could afford to adopt—didn’t even come up the moment they’d stepped inside the property.
. His hands started trembling and he felt completely overwhelmed. His body went numb and he was unable to focus on the cup in front of him.
“I’m very grateful for what Sarah and Steve did and continue doing for my brother and me. Some days it’s very surreal, I have to admit, but I wouldn’t change a thing.” He forced himself not to look at Steve like he wanted to. No, he wouldn’t change a thing.
“It’s a shame that we won’t be able to sleep in the same bed. It wouldn’t be a problem if you weren’t built like a wardrobe,
Steve’s ears were so hot he worried his hair might catch fire and his face was quickly catching up temperature-wise. He dropped his gaze, unable to meet her eyes and she let go of his hand to hold his chin, tilting it up to look at her.
Clint turned to Tony. “That makes no sense. I bought him that sweater. How can I be much cuter than me?” But Tony’s attention was on Steve who came over to press kisses to his own fella.
With Clint’s help, they lifted her and maneuvered her out the window into the strong and steady arms of Natasha who first put a c-collar on her and then strapped her to the backboard so she could safely be lowered via the ladder.
“Yeah,” he chuckled. “He had a strict ‘no Lucky on the furniture’ rule and now he gets annoyed if Lucky doesn’t sit beside him when he’s on the couch.” He smiled even though it hurt to think about James and Lucky and Dmitri. He wondered how Natalia was doing. And Maria. Phil. So many people he wanted to see.
“Of course, I hate that thing and I don’t think it likes me either.” He took another sip, humming. “So,” he began, reaching for a cookie and munching happily, “how’s it going?”
,” he said with a smile, “it means treasure.” He was not even ashamed that he given this grown man a name like that because that was exactly what he felt. Steve was his treasure and he was lucky to have found him.
Dmitri inhaled deeply and then nodded. “I know Sam will let me in the kitchen if you’d like for me to check the food.” James was turning back to Clint when Dmitri continued, “But I also don’t think he would ever try anything. He’s never fed me anything bad.”
“Are… you oh… okay?” He asked, panting. “Too much?” He threw a hand over to land on Tony’s forehead, moving his hair away from his sweaty skin and brushing a thumb over his eyebrow. Tony was so beautiful.
Tony wrapped his arms around him and took a few deep breaths to calm himself down again. “I love you, Steve. Nothing else matters to me. And you come with this life and these threats. That’s a risk I’m willing to take as long as you don’t push me away again.” He pressed a kiss on his neck, loving how warm his skin was.
“And everyone else is okay,” Tony said, knowing what Steve was about to say before he even said it. “I’m gonna need you to not do that again, okay?”
“Maybe tonight. For now everything is fine.” He smiled and after another small exchange he hung up, put the phone back where he got it from and went back to Steve’s side. “Anything you need? Nurse, meds, food?”
It must have been another two weeks, if not more. It was gradually getting colder and the wind was getting harsher. Was it December already? Who knew.
Steve grabbed him by the wrists, feeling the man’s pulse speed up even faster as James walked towards him with the thin metal rods in his hand. They were about the length of a chopstick but just thicker than a needle.
“Oh, he will,” James said, coming over with a small leather pouch that he unrolled onto a nearby table. James was better at keeping his cool during all of this. Steve let his temper take over. Neither method was wrong but if the way the man’s gaze locked onto James who was whistling a tune happily while testing the sharpness of some metal picks was anything to go by it seemed he had a least favorite mob boss.
James whistled and a gurney came out. James helped put Steve on it. Once he was in a room and being checked out, James got in his own car and Dmitri took him to Sarah. Dugan now had control of a handful of James’ men to aid in the search for those two boys and anyone else who may be plotting anything against Steve, having been influenced by Brock.
Tony checked his wrist for the time and then his other wrist which had no watch and then tapped his chin in mock-serious thought. He made a face as if to say ‘I’ve figured it out’ and then pointed to the calligraphy on the back wall that read ‘Stark’s’ in bright red and gold lettering.
“This is great. Good choice,” Steve told him, his steak cutting like butter and practically melting in his mouth.
“Lost my grip on the bed trying to get up, my leg hit the floor hard. Ah,” Clint hissed, covering his face because the pain was bringing him to tears and he absolutely refused to cry in front of Steve. It had been bad enough waking up to an empty bed and now this.
But what did he say? The truth would crush him but maybe he just needed some facts. Steve would never lie to him but the thought of seeing Tony’s face drop even more than it already was hurt him so profoundly he could have laughed—apparently his efforts to get over him weren’t working at all.
“I could have given you guys a moment if you needed it,” Tony grinned, getting ready to help Dugan if he needed assistance. “I’m good, I’ll get me something later. It’s more important that you eat.”
Clint’s breathing slowed and he relaxed into the bed again, Natalia pressing a kiss to his cheek. “Yeah,” he said, looking around.
The firetruck pulled up to the gas station and a few shops down was the one he was looking for. He hopped out.
Basic human requirement. Tony looked down at the towel in his hands. Basic. Essential. Normal. Human. What he was. What everyone around him was. Requirement. A thing that is needed or wanted. A necessary condition. Tony furrowed his brows, deep in thought as he went through those words again. James needed it. Steve needed it. Sarah knew that. Men who were older and stronger than him. Who had seen more, done more.
Clint smiled watching James. It made him happy that he and Phil had interacted and even though Clint wasn’t quite ready to face the bar just yet, he would call Phil tomorrow and check in. He leaned in and risked another kiss there in front of the others. Again James deepened it, his hand curling tightly, possessively, around Clint’s side and giving it a squeeze.
“You’ve worried enough about him. How about you leave that to me?” There was something in her voice that told Tony that he shouldn’t bother trying to talk back to her. It reminded him of Steve.
It was only a couple minutes later than the usual time Tony got to the address—Pepper was a slow walker—but it still made him nervous, even though they never said a specific time. The two men eyed Pepper and then looked to Tony.
“He and I—we’re—before.” He stopped. He hated it when he rambled and stammered, a habit he’d mostly grown out of. He closed his eyes and took a breath, in and out, deeply. “James and I aren’t together. Haven’t been for years.” That was the most he could say at the moment, his eyes dropping again to his lap, hands balling into fists.
Rhodey sighed, having hoped to avoid this topic for as long as possible. He wasn’t angry anymore, just resigned and reluctant to think about all the ways this could go wrong. Steve wasn’t a grudge-holding man but there was still the possibility for this to really not go in anyone’s favor.
He reached up to feel his still slightly damp hair and remembered a hand there. Tony’s hand. Tony’s hand had been in his hair but why?
It took Tony much longer than usual to process what was being said to him and even longer to say something useful. “I… don’t know. Benni… he needs breakfast,” he mumbled, his lips barely moving as he felt his body going numb. Sarah sat down next to him, an arm around his shoulders, simply holding him.
Once out in the hall he could smell breakfast but the thought of eating made him a little nauseous so he headed for the shower and then crashed in his own bed, frustrated with himself.
“How much of my alcohol did you drink, Romanov?” Clint teased, their conversation turning into quiet exchanges and even giggles as Steve stood and stretched loudly.
He squinted up at the clock, trying to see the time. It was nearing seven in the morning and Steve wasn’t even sure when he had fallen asleep. He remembered showering and dinner and he vaguely remembered taking his shirt off but that part was honestly a blur. Had
And then finally Sarah visited so she could meet the famous boy Steve had dropped everything to save. The boy James had spent the majority of dinner teasing Steve about. The boy Steve didn’t talk about to Sarah.
Dugan came over to the desk and handed Steve an envelope, which Steve, after checking the sender, put into a desk drawer and locked it. “
“Sure,” he said in response and thought about his offer. He liked working but without Steve in the same room as him it did get lonely. “There’s some things I wanted to do. And I’m supposed to meet Pepper later.”
Clint took in Tony’s expression. Seemed neither of them were having particularly good mornings. “That’s the worst. Hope you can still cook with ‘em,” he said, because ‘I’m sorry’ was always so annoying to hear to Clint so he didn’t want to say it himself. “I took some already but thanks. Just… nightmares,” he said, feeling at ease to say that with just James and Tony in the room. “Rolled out of bed, thought it’d be a good idea to land on my leg. This might come as a surprise but it was not a good idea.”
Tony looked at his eyes in the dim light and nodded. He liked his new home better and better. “I don’t know,” he answered honestly. “He loves you and he loves it here. I don’t... I don’t think he’ll mind.” Tony took a moment to think about it before he continued. “I’ll talk to him alone at first, if that is alright with you?”
Steve smiled, looking down at the sidewalk while they waited to cross the street. He raised his head and met Bucky’s eyes.
Steve and James managed to finish off their divided acquisition of Bakuto’s organization in Queens and Madame Gao was satisfied with her portion. From what Steve and James heard from their own personal spies, the remaining bosses were not bothered to see Bakuto go.
“Are you going to go with James to help?” Tony asked Steve. If he wasn’t so scared to go outside, he would have offered to go with James. Then again that would be awkward to be alone with James.
“Well,” he said, pulling Tony in for a hug—no kiss, no feeling up, just a hug—and whispering in his ear, “I don’t think you know how glad that makes me.” He held him for a while longer, just hugging him, his eyes shut and face buried in his neck. This was good. Perhaps this was what Steve needed. Just a good, long hug from the man he loved.
Tony gave her a warm smile and shook her hand. Hearing praise about his brother filled him with pride. “Thank you, ma’am,” he said politely, Benni still sitting close to him. Did he even remember their mother or was he too young when she died? “He has a lot of nightmares. Usually tucking him back in helps. And he is a picky eater,” he told her, feeling like he needed to help somehow.
Each man went to his respective partner, crouching down in front of him and pulling them into their arms.
Sarah leaned down to them, gently pulling Benni away and making him drink a bit of water which helped the boy to calm his breathing, though he was still holding Tony’s good hand tightly.
With a smile on his lips he leaned in and told Steve as quietly as possible, “Just get comfortable. I don’t mind.” He pulled his arm away from the middle, still having more than enough space to himself.
Steve and James had also both been doing a lot of planning together. It was for separate trips but they used their down time in the office to bounce ideas off of each other and come up with something their significant others’ would well and truly enjoy.
“Right,” Dugan said, remembering the conversation. He turned to Steve and said something under his breath in Gaelic. Steve nodded but it was a tight movement, anger making his body tense. His eyes were on Tony only but he gestured for them to bring the food over as usual.
Their deck was first to be let off of the ship. There was someone carrying their bags behind them while another steward led them off the ship and to a car that was already waiting for them. The driver got out of the car, opened the trunk and then the back door. Steve got in, tipping his hat. Tony got in by himself, not knowing if he should wait for the man to hold the door open for him as well.
strenuous,” he told him and Tony looked disappointed. “But I could use an errands man. You won’t have to go out in the cold, mainly just running things between myself and the boys, maybe a little organizing and researching. You’ll be in my office with me.”
“Your mother was an impressive cook,” Sarah said and James’ smile remained on his face as he cut a slice for each plate Steve handed him.
Jones pulled the car up in front of the entrance to the department store and Dugan got out to hold the umbrella and open the door for Steve. In public, appearances were so important and especially with the events of the last few months, Steve’s appearance needed to be one of power and grace as it always had been.
Of course Steve noticed immediately. It was unnerving but also comforting in a sense. However, he had no intention of ruining their comfortable evening with friends just because his mind was working too fast. He nodded to Steve but pressed more against him. Everything would be fine and he knew that. For now his appetite was gone but he forced himself to eat as much as he could stomach.
A dark haired man was standing next to him and even though Tony didn’t know him he simply asked, “I’m not dead?” Why did his voice sound so rough? His throat felt drier than sand, swallowing seemed impossible.
Clint whirled around in search of her requested items, spotting a notepad and pencil at the other end of the bar. “Here you are, my dearest Natalia,” he said, as he hobbled back to her end, doing his best to ignore how clunky his cast was.
After that she changed the topic to something else—something about the latest movie—his mind still processing his thoughts and feelings. While he walked Pepper home and hugged her goodbye he still wasn’t done processing.
Natalia took the pencil and paper and wrote her name at the top and underneath she noted down all of her measurements. Then she wrote Maria’s name and all of hers.
The relief was short lived though, as the suspicion began creeping back up. Was this some kind of ruse by the men who had taken him to get him to give up information? Stick a young guy in here with him who looked beaten and hungry to get Clint to take pity on him and start talking?
“Yes?” James asked him, noting his body language and the way he kept looking over at him with mild confusion. He tried to make himself look as approachable as possible but knew that even relaxed, his expression was not always the most inviting. “You have questions.”
Tony followed slowly and silently, taking in everything he saw. The other basement was simply beautiful and there was more to do down there than he could believe. How he wanted to check the bookshelf and see what he could read. Not wanting to be rude, he followed him upstairs, having to take breaks in between to catch his breath and let the pain pass before continuing.
“You okay?” he heard Clint say, not having realized he was awake. Clint’s hearing aids were in, he very rarely took them out these days, so James responded out loud.
“And if I decline?” He asked, taking Dugan’s gun and Jones’ too. He cocked them both and planted them in his trouser pockets and then removed his hat, tossing it out the door. Four shots hit it and it was torn to pieces. At least he knew from which direction the shots were coming, he could find a blind spot.
James was trying his hardest not to push, not to demand information, because he knew it had to be hard but dammit if he didn’t want to just sit Clint down and not move until he talked. He had thought about that quite a few times. It honestly was starting to feel like the only thing that might work.
“Tony?” Steve asked about an hour later. “Be a dear and go find Falsworth, wouldja? I’m in dire need of a cup o’joe.” Tony got up to leave and a moment later came back with the man and his coffee pot.
“He’s never been a fan of our plan to coexist and he’s certainly never liked that as far as the balance of power is concerned, the scales tip heavily in my and James’ direction,” Steve added, deciding there was no point in fighting Natalia’s involvement anymore. If James said she could help, he would let her help. His energy was needed elsewhere and he just wanted Tony back safe and sound in his arms.
“Thank you for sharing that with me,” James told him softly. He turned to look at him, offering a warm smile and Clint met his eyes and matched the smile.
In fact, the first time, the door had hit him as it opened because he was on the floor beside it, straining his ears to hear something, anything. They had come in and he knew they were throwing insults at him but he couldn’t hear them so he just stared. It irritated them and he didn’t see them again for a few days until they came back.
Natalia looked over at James and he did his very best to hide his smirk but in all honesty he wasn’t trying very hard.
“I don’t want a big brother,” Tony stated and shook his head. Why did this bother him as much as it did? Did it matter if he was his big brother or friend? That thought made him shiver. He wanted neither. Couldn’t it simply be Tony and Steve? Not anyone’s brother or the kid who got hurt and needed saving. Just Tony who worked with him. Who Steve was so comfortable around that he fell asleep next to him? Trusted him?
“Because you act without thinking. Going to see Clint at that diner is case in point. If whoever this is has eyes on Clint, now he knows there’s some connection between the two of you. And now there’s a
Loki cut himself off as James stood and straightened his waistcoat, taking the two steps to get to the other couch and then just standing over Loki, his hands in his pocket. He looked down at him like someone might look down at a rat on the ground.
“Rhodes in there?” Steve nodded and Tony walked out with him to wave, knowing Rhodey was rolling his eyes dangerously far back into his head at this very moment.
As soon as he felt how Steve was kissing him, he all but forgot about hitting his head. For a second he wanted to stop him because they needed to go somewhere more private but that thought was quickly dismissed when he heard a seagull screaming. No, they weren’t in New York. They were in Ireland, somewhere private.
“Howard was a wrongly made human but taking any life doesn’t leave you the same,” James commented. He remembered the first time he’d killed someone and it still haunted him in his dreams from time to time. No one seemed to have noticed, but Steve had a trick every time. He always killed them mid-sentence. If they weren’t talking he made them talk. Hearing them declare their wrongs and try to justify them made it easier somehow.
And then he stood in front of his home. The home Steve had given him. Everything he had was because of Steve. And everything he felt—and now was also very painfully aware of—came from Steve too. How was he supposed to look at him?
Natalia chuckled softly, resting her head on Clint’s shoulder again. “You’re my family too,” she said quietly.
“Come on, Sarah,” he said, getting frustrated, “just because he hasn’t said the words doesn’t make them any less true or obvious. I know you know. Of course you do. If you knew I loved him and I like to think I hide it well, then you can also see he loves Tony.”
Tony nodded, not wanting to press him about it. After all it was just an idea and if Steve didn’t want that, he would understand that too. Only one more night in their bed. It was finally happening.
James laughed, feeling the way his smile spread wide across his face, how it warmed him from the inside out. Only Clint did that.
“I’m starting to remember why we spread these dinners out,” he said, handing James his plate and taking his seat again. He looked over at Tony and let him know how delicious the meal was.
“I remember you saying you wanted a more personalized one,” James told her with a grin. Natalia looked up at him, her smile wide and mischievous.
Steve shook his head, dropping his gaze for a moment. “No, it’s just me. My mom passed away last year. Bucky and Sam are the closest thing I have to siblings.”
Tony moved the empty glass between his hands as he tried to sort through his feelings and thoughts. It took him some time to actually form the words but when he was ready, he gently tapped Clint’s shoulder for him to turn and read his lips.
“I just remembered I own this place and can show up whenever I want. Isn’t it funny how the world works sometimes, Banner?”
“You’re too good to me,” Clint squeaked, feeling overwhelmed. It was a good kind of overwhelmed but still. His emotions were dialed up and ready to overflow and he didn’t know what to do with it all.
Rhodey turned and headed in the direction just to be sure, Steve following closely behind. It grew louder, more distinct in nature, and then Steve froze.
He licked in the hollow part of Tony’s collarbone and laughed. “Hopefully that won’t be the only thing on me.”
“Yeah but take your own advice, pal. Your hands are cut up,” Clint said softly. “I’ll be down in a minute anyway. I’ll help you cook or at least keep you company with some more stories.” He turned his head to look at James who was still holding him. “You have to work today, right?”
Dugan took out a notebook from his suit pocket and thumbed through the pages, shaking his head after a moment.
“Mng,” Clint grumbled, not fully awake but James would take it. He felt his heart skip a couple beats and then he felt a laugh bubble up out of him, relieved and in pain all at once.
Steve stopped immediately at Tony’s words and dropped his hands to stare at him. He collapsed back onto the couch, a hand falling casually onto Tony’s leg. He was looking at him in slight shock and definite awe. He shook his head. “You being so calm about this is going to take some getting used to and I don’t think I ever thanked you. I know, I know, ‘no need for thanks’ but nonetheless.”
He thought back to all of the close friends he had made in the last seven years of owning the bar—Phil, Mack, Fitz, Sam, Carol, and technically even James.
Slowly, so slowly and reluctantly, Steve began sliding out of the bed. He needed to get ready for work. He had an actual thing to do this morning. He turned to Tony. “You mind if I tell ma?”
“Uh, no, I don’t think so. You say that as if it’s a normal thing for people to climb fire escapes and commit B&E. I’m gonna need more or the next thing I do will be press charges.” He wouldn’t because he couldn’t be bothered with all the hassle but this guy didn’t know that.
“As if. You’re going to have a blast. Everyone will only have eyes for you. Do you have your four things already? What was it? Something yellow, old, new, and stolen?” He leaned back in his chair, proud of himself to have made her crack a smile.
And neither had slept a particularly large amount. Steve’s body gave out on him and they found him knocked out on the couch at one point but thirty minutes later, when Dugan re-entered to cross off another warehouse, Steve was up plotting points on the map as they narrowed it down. James’ body was only slightly more used to being treated terribly and only Dmitri had caught him close his eyes for a few minutes—seven, he counted—so far.
“I won’t.” He ran his fingers through his hair. “Have you eaten breakfast?” She shook her head and James pressed a button on his desk beside the phone. Dmitri came in.
Tony watched him happily, leaning into the small kisses and watching him with a soft and appreciative gaze. “I love you too,” he replied, his fingers in Steve’s hair as he pulled his face against his chest and hugged him protectively. There wasn’t a lot he could do for Steve but this? This was something he knew felt good.
Tony placed his hand in the middle between Steve and him, not sure if he should reach out or not, still unsure of what to expect.
Steve cleared his throat and moved on. “I didn’t.” Or did he? He couldn’t remember right then. “Clint tell you about it?”
“I’m Jewish,” he repeated simply. Clint let go of his hand to push himself up into a sitting position so he could better stare at James in shock.
“I’ve lived with them for years and I still forget the doormat thing,” Steve said, a grin on his face that made Tony laugh.
“Cap, you sure? I mean you ain’t never really… made an appearance at these things. It’s beneath ya,” Dugan told him as Steve buttoned his vest. He grabbed a hat off his rack and put it on, tilting it over his eye and he spun around, arms spread, a wicked grin on his face.
and give her an update. Or do you think James did that too?” He half-expected James to enter the room when Tony said his name.
Tony wasn’t sure whether the proximity to Steve’s house was a good thing or a bad thing. On the one hand, there was no fussing with taxis or the subway or worrying about getting lost but on the other hand, he wouldn’t have minded a few extra minutes to himself to gather his thoughts and psych himself up.
A warm glass of milk like James always made him after a nightmare sounded like heaven on earth right about now. Thankfully, he was getting much better at maneuvering the stairs without his crutches and without help and he quietly made it down them, limping into the kitchen.
“We’ll have dinner soon.” Benni smiled and went to sit at his desk. Tony looked around the room and couldn’t believe how full it was. In every spot there was something else to see. It was as if Steve knew exactly what each of them had wanted for so long and then he simply gave it to them.
It was strange. The men had come in and beat Tony just as badly as they had Clint. Maybe they were just incredibly thorough about making Clint believe Tony wasn’t one of them.
“You better. I don’t want to have to leave you for him,” Tony said casually and rolled off of Steve but kept so close to him that their bare bodies were still touching. “He can read lips. We’d have to have light for that though.”
Clint didn’t respond much but when James paused for too long, he would gently squeeze his fingers and James would find a new topic and go off on a tangent.
when you exist and occupy space. Guy’s completely gone for you, you know? You were the only topic that soothed him during…” He let his sentence trail off, knowing Steve could finish it himself. “So if jealousy’s your thing, it’s a waste of your energy.”
“And you lad? How are you finding being a Rogers?” Pinky asked, turning the mirror slightly to the left so he could see Tony, his face kind.
“You look nice,” Steve said, pulling away enough to quickly peck Tony’s lips and then step aside to close the door.
“Interesting,” Steve observed, grabbing the bottle and making quick work of the packaging around the top. The sound of the cork popping out was like music to his ears and the smell that came from it made his mouth water.
James raised an eyebrow. “If he’s causing you so much grief, why not do it yourself?” James added, “Why do you even care?”
Clint had fallen asleep not long after they’d gotten situated, a drink poured for each of them, changed into comfortable clothing, the fire roaring beside them, keeping them nice and toasty.
were engaged in racketeering, extortion—without the option of protection that Steve gave, however—and illegal substances. Some were just better and more known for it. The other thing they all offered were termination services but the Russian and Irish excelled in this area. Like when James had found out that the bakery purposefully burned down in Hell’s Kitchen was not the result of some petty gang war, but instead solo criminals, he’d tasked Dmitri to find them and take them out.
A hand wrapped around Loki’s waist, the other snaking around him to grab a hold of him by his jaw and Steve pulled him close, tilting his head to speak into his ear. “Give Dmitri the gun or I’ll snap your neck.”
“Oh, really?” Clint asked, and could the pain in his leg please pass already? “Well, if you remember it, I’d love to hear it. Do you have a favorite planet? Mine’s Saturn because of the rings. Like donuts.”
“Tony, there’s a guy who called earlier about getting police lights installed on his car. We don’t really do that, do we?” Pepper, their receptionist, asked.
Steve woke slowly, his neck aching, and looked over at Tony. “Same idea, I suppose,” he explained. “But I didn’t want to wake you when I got in here, so I decided to sleep.” He patted the cushion beside him for Tony to come back and sit.
One night, when it was especially cold, Tony gave Peter all the blankets and kept him warm in his arms, while trying to think of any way he could to make things better for his brother. Every night he counted every cent he had saved up, calculating carefully how long he could keep things going like that and it wasn’t very long.
Steve leaned in to kiss Sarah’s cheek before sitting down with his new plate of eggs and his sandwich. He pulled it apart slightly to put the eggs in the sandwich and bit down happily. Sarah watched her son; he’d always had weird eating habits.
“I’d rather talk to you about other things than this, honestly. But I didn’t want to bother you,” Tony said, shrugging as if it wasn’t a big deal even though to him it was. He would love to spend much more time talking to Steve if he could.
Clint was chopping his apples, already distracted by the fact that James had gone to take a nap, which he never did. Usually Clint was the one reminding him to sleep and to get some rest.
“Yes, of course.” His heart fluttered. Some things were still too alien to Tony for him to take for granted. “And if you ever can’t find Lucky, you can probably find him here.”
Fifty left was first, but Tony only needed forty-three. He crouched down to look around the corner. It was dark but he was hoping that his eyes had adjusted enough for him to notice shadows in the dark.
Tony rolled his eyes and took Steve’s hand. He didn’t feel like talking so instead he led them to the library where tea and biscuits were set out on the small table by the couch.
Thirty steps later Tony crouched down once again. He felt like he wasn’t getting enough air, which was ridiculous because there was no reason why he wouldn’t be. He thought back to how his mother would always calm him down when he cried or was scared. It helped and for now it was enough for him to go on.
Once he stopped playing, Tony moved closer to Steve—not trying to be silent because he knew from his own experience how much he hated it when people did that—and wrapped his arms around him from behind. Something about the way he had played made it obvious how torn and sad he was. A feeling which Tony could empathize with but none with which he wished for Steve to be familiar.
you are?” Despite the condition he was in Howard did not care for him, not that Tony had expected anything else. “You’re nothing. A whore, like your mother was. Someone like you could never be a son of mine.” Howard spat and Tony heard James take a step forward but he shook his head without looking away from Howard.
When they reached the hospital the hallways had been cleared for their arrival and a gurney was ready for Steve out front. He was admitted for the second time in what was too few weeks, and rolled inside. James walked at the head of the gurney, pushing it and snapping at anyone who tried to offer to do it instead.
It didn’t take long for him to feel for the door Clint had mentioned. Tony pushed the handle down, finding it locked. Slowly and silently he pulled the keys from his pocket and tried one key after another to find the one to unlock the door. It didn’t take longer than a few minutes but to Tony it felt like hours. His hands were getting sweaty and he had almost lost all hope when he found the right key.
Clint thought that was Phil but he couldn’t lift his head to be sure. His body was tense and buzzing with energy. He felt ready to run but at the same time knew he couldn’t, his legs heavy like lead.
would’ve done; taken the spoil and gotten rid of the loose ends for kicks,” Steve said bitterly but there was something else to his tone that sent a chill down James’ spine.
When they arrived, Dugan opened the door for Steve who got out and went around to Tony’s side but being where they were, he did not help him out. He let Dugan do it and then he walked inside, Tony following. They headed for the gym and then once he was sure the room was empty, Dugan unlocked the door that was near-invisible where it lay hidden in the shadows, and held it open for them.
Benni was so proud of himself that he was helping and it put a smile on Tony’s face for the first time in weeks. Some customers even came by to give them cookies and small tokens of gratitude for the youngest working there and cheering them up. Tony was grateful for every little thing, but it also reminded him of how he should probably do something for Mr Rogers. He would think about that once he got the chance.
. Are you guys done talking?” Tony asked, clearing his throat because his voice was still thick from sleep. He leaned into Steve’s touch, looking at him with all the love he felt. When James spoke he looked at him, still smiling. “Force of habit,” Tony answered, feeling bad that James thanked him for something he didn’t do on purpose.
, he hoped he hadn’t felt obligated to do that. Like he was so indebted to Steve—which he wasn’t even a little bit—that he would have to do something he probably found disgusting just to keep him happy.
“Rogers!” Falsworth yelled. The neighborhood was silent. It had been a while since their last shoot out but not long enough that they forgot how to behave. The windows shut up tight, the streets cleared, lights out. Another shot from a different direction, a handgun, not the machine Falsworth was sporting.
They went inside the room to see Steve sleep, doped up on morphine, and in a hospital gown. He looked like he was just sleeping but James knew if he lifted that gown he would see the thick white bandages.
Tony looked at him and wanted to tell him what he felt. He had thought about nothing else ever since he had realized it. Then why was it so difficult to form words? To say those words?
Steve turned when he heard approaching footsteps and looked Tony up and down in his new attire. He looked
“Hey, no!” Tony grabbed Steve’s hands. “Oh no you don’t.” He kept holding onto his hands no matter how much he struggled. He knew none of this was targeted at him and that made the whole situation bearable for Tony. “
The piece that Steve was playing was emotional and heavy. It felt sad but also as if there was no rest, no peace even though there was beauty. It reminded Tony of countless waking nights when he felt the same, especially towards the end when he didn’t know how many more days he could make it with what little money and energy he had left. The accepting of his own situation—that he would soon be dead one way or another—the deep rooted sadness over a life he could have had, missed opportunities, longings he couldn’t give in to. When he closed his eyes he could watch his most miserable times in his life pass right before him one more time without it hurting. The music put all his hurt into a form that was able to be heard but only understood if you knew it was there.
Was this the same man he had seen only a few weeks back at the deli staring at Howard? How could that be?
Steve was close to his limit of how turned on he could be by Tony. He thought seeing what he just had would have been the top, the most, but Tony telling him to go on, that he wanted Steve…
Steve got up to speak to the nurses about his end of the bargain. They provided a chair for Tony to sit on, brought a fresh set of hospital clothes and some towels. It all looked like they would wash him, which scared Tony more than he would admit. He gave Steve a pleading look and Steve dismissed the nurses, saying he would help Tony.
Tony opened the window to let in some cool and fresh air, shivering at the temperature difference between outside and in his room but still enjoying being bundled up and breathing in the winter air. Was this what his life was going to be like now? No need to do anything? And then what?
She sipped her tea and returned the cup to its saucer. James did the same, waiting patiently but slowly losing his patience as he continued to think about what Clint was going through. It made his heart ache. He desperately wanted to hold him. And he hoped Tony was alright.
He’d noticed on his nights awake that Tony didn’t do much sleeping either and the few times he had passed his room in the middle of the night to get himself water or just to roam his house until he got tired, he’d noticed Benni’s empty bed and figured he must’ve been sleeping in bed with his brother again. He hoped the boy was alright or at least would be a little better soon. He hoped Tony would as well. Sometimes he considered checking to see if Tony wanted to talk but he didn’t trust himself not to do something stupid and selfish again like fall asleep in the guy’s arms.
They stopped in front of a grey door and looked at Tony. He gave them a silent nod before Steve opened the door and let Tony in first. Someone turned on the bright lights, making Howard cover his eyes. He was dressed poorly. He was thin, had grown a beard and looked exhausted. There were several wounds and bruises all over his body. Knowing who inflicted those on him made Tony feel good. It wasn’t a random act of violence. It was revenge.
“I hope you’re okay with staying like this for a while,” Tony told Steve, leaning back on the couch for more comfort.
“I still have a hard time believing this is all happening, you know?” He exhaled deeply and closed his eyes before remembering the question he had. “Hey, that name you called me earlier? In my office. What does it mean?”
“And Clint won’t hear Tony trying to explain himself even if he does.” Steve looked at James, confusion plain on his face. James tapped his ear. “The power in his hearing aids is good for about forty-eight hours before they need charging again. Without them, he’s deaf.” James swallowed hard, looking out the window because the rush of emotions he felt was too much.
“It’s okay,” he reassured him. Grateful for the moonlight shining into the room, he saw Tony nod. He didn’t look sure of the plan, Clint could see the worry in his eyes, but he had to try. He would do his best to keep any beating that came focused on himself. Sure, Tony could take care of himself but Clint was twelve years his senior and letting the boy take any kind of beating when Clint was there to volunteer as a punching bag just felt wrong.
“Hello,” Tony greeted him and almost immediately Steve pulled him inside and pushed him against the closed the door to kiss Tony passionately. He smiled into the kiss, wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and kissed him back just the same.
“The more the merrier,” Tony said, though if anyone else joined there was a good chance he’d glare at them. Rhodey sighed and they walked on, actually doing a tour now since Rhodey had fully intended on just showing him out.
“Of course, love,” Steve said, looking down at Tony. “Can you eat a little bit for me though? Just a couple bites?” He kept his voice low enough that only Tony would hear it while Sarah talked to Clint and James.
“Excuse you, sir,” he snorted and pulled him in for a soft kiss. With the blanket around his shoulders and his hand in Steve’s, they headed to the front door to welcome their guests. That thought alone gave Tony butterflies.
“I do know that,” Clint reassured him again. But Tony was young, he was small, and he repeatedly mentioned how accustomed to safety he had become under Steve’s protection. Clint knew he could look after himself but when he added up all of those factors plus the fact that he liked Tony, it equaled big brother Clint.
The furniture was covered with cloths to keep the dust at bay, which would make everything much easier. For now he opened the windows to let in some fresh air while he looked around the first floor.
“So far we’ve narrowed it down to seven warehouses,” Natalia said, coming into James’ office where Dmitri was at his desk scratching off numbers and putting an X over locations on the map that were still in business and therefore not the restoration company they were looking for.
He wanted Tony’s reactions to him to be natural, his own, not in response to who Steve was or what he was capable of. Once at the bottom of the stairs, he gently untangled their arms and walked a step ahead of him.
“It was definitely nice to not be alone.” Tony gave him another small smile and James nodded and left, closing the door behind him.
The relief washed over Steve like a wave hitting a shore and he met Tony’s eyes again. “It would take a lot to get me to think less of you, Tony,” he said honestly. He admired him, in all honesty. He welcomed the hand on his shoulder, noting that it was the first time Tony had initiated a touch. “You sure you’re okay with it?” He wanted to say something about it not being something he enjoyed but when it came to Howard, he did.
Bucky didn’t respond at first. “I mean, he is good-looking. Rhodes says he’s a mechanic, really intelligent guy. Sarcastic, just up your—”
“I know that. I hurt my leg, not my head,” Clint told her matter-of-factly, very softly flicking her ear. “It’s been you and me since 1934, kid—”
He led them both over to the kitchen area where the table had been set up with a tablecloth, candles, and a bowl of fresh sliced bread. It took Tony a moment to realize that there was music on in the background, soft jazz. On the stove was a pot and a few other dishes that were covered. Steve opened the wine and sat it on the counter to breathe, turning to face Tony with a shy smile.
“As for the gun, let’s start tomorrow with the actual shooting. You sure your arm is up for it?” Steve asked, looking him over.
“I just wanted to check on you two. Everyone has updated me but I needed to see with my own eyes that you were alright,” Steve said, leaning against the door. Two of James’ men stood behind him, ready to catch him if he collapsed. He had threatened them when they attempted to put him back in his own bed and he’d done it again when they touched him, trying to support him.
did not get nervous. He cleared his throat and continued. “Honestly, whatever you want. The deli’s there for you. Benni’s at my home with my ma and the two of them have got on like a house on fire,” he said with a smile. “Or I can set you up with somewhere new but I know the deli was your ma’s.”
“You and I both know that if they have to move them last minute, there will be no time for perfection. It will be messy, they will leave clues and if we aren’t right and they aren’t there then we can eliminate it and get back to work.”
“He’s going to go nuts when you’re gone, though,” Natalia said, remembering the way Lucky would wake up and sit at the door waiting for Clint the first few days after he and Tony were taken. After those first days, he started searching the house and then would just sadly curl up anywhere with Clint’s smell until Benni was home and could distract him.
“Who do you know?” Steve asked as they walked back to the car, stepping over the bodies of the two security guards.
Steve went over to his chair, sat down at his desk and sighed, rubbing a hand down his face before looking for the numbers he needed to call.
Steve didn’t want to pull away but eventually he did. Slowly though, slow enough that he could stop first and hold Tony by his arms and look down at him with a soft smile.
“I think it’s safe to say that I’m unlike most people you’ve met, so that part shouldn’t be too surprising,” Tony joked lightly, not liking how sad Steve looked. “What good would it do if I tried to change you?” Tony asked. “You must know about Pepper’s older brother? The one no one talks about anymore. He was my classmate when I was still going to school before my sister died.” When everything had been okay. “My mom was actually the one to help him get out of here before his family could... whatever it was they wanted to do to him. He even stayed with us for a night when Howard wasn’t there. I asked her why and she said because it’s no one’s business what anyone feels and because love is always worth fighting for. She said ‘so whatever you feel, whatever you want, as long as everyone involved is happy, nothing else matters.’” Lately he found it much easier to think and talk about his mother. Maybe it was because Sarah reminded him of her sometimes, or maybe it was just the distance he was gaining from Howard. “My mom was romantic like that.”
“Spreading from here?” She said and touched his chest right above his heart and smiled when Tony nodded. “So you
“Uh, I don’t really know the rules for this,” Steve said at full volume and the man’s eyes flew open and he sat up, a hand coming up to his head as he did and his eyes closing again. “At the very least, you don’t
The blanket was the nicest thing that happened. From there everything went downhill. Every day he was woken up in the loudest way possible and they seemed to enjoy seeing Tony jump. Every time they brought the food—usually not more than two plain potatoes with a few carrots or some peas on the side—they insulted him.
“All I’m trying to be is truthful and get it into your head that even if you look different, I don’t love you any different. I could tell you didn’t believe me the first time I said you were beautiful,” James said, his fingers trailing lightly up and down Clint’s side. “I’ll just have to convince you again.”
.” He kissed his brother’s forehead and smiled. It was only then that he noticed the woman in the room. Even if Steve hadn't told him his mother would come he would have recognized her as his mother. There was no question where he got it all from.
When they came back from their visit to the Chinese—Steve wasn’t pleased with the heroin being dealt in his neighborhoods—he had blood on the sleeve of his crisp white shirt. One of Gao’s men had made the mistake of putting a hand on him and before Dugan could make a move, Steve knocked him on his ass and broke his nose. The others had backed away and Gao apologized.
“Don’t maybe me, Steve. He likes being around you.” That was the second time someone had told him as much so why couldn’t he believe it? Why was it so much easier to think that Tony would want to get away as soon as possible? “Speak.”
Steve looked over at Tony, he was getting the wheelchair ready. “Not just yet, love. Doctors want to keep him for at least another week. We can go by and see him on the way out, though.”
“It’s not because we’re not safe, right?” Tony asked, his anxieties flaring up immediately. Was there a chance they could be taken from inside their house? He looked at Steve with wide eyes, waiting for an answer.
“I think Steve and James were close to finding us. That’s why we moved,” Tony whispered, being extra careful to still form his words clearly.
Clint wiggled to look up at James, to try and read those bright grey eyes and now, several months into their relationship, he felt like he was starting to get the hang of it. “Then why do you look so sad?”
He washed his face again and pushed those thoughts down. As far down and away as he could. Maybe once he was healed he could start working out too and work on his own body. Then he’d feel better about himself too.
“Done,” he said firmly. Steve had always had dedicated personal time that no one interrupted. Usually it was in the afternoon after he’d finished work and before going home. Now it would be after dinner and he’d make damn sure everyone knew it changed and that he was not to be bothered by anything for any reason.
“Clint too. But we know who took them. Get here as soon as you can. I can’t leave. Bring Sarah. And Benni. I don’t want anyone out of our sight.”
“We’re not going to see them again, are we?” he asked, glad that Clint wasn’t able to hear his voice break.
At the three hour mark, a solid, satisfying plan had been formed including individual duties and responsibilities. It would be an initial four man team—Steve, James, Dugan and Dmitri. There would be others—Jones, Alexei, Vitaly and a few more of James’ men—stationed around the perimeter. No one else in and no one else out. In fact, they were instructed to shoot to kill any of Bakuto’s men that they spotted trying to get away.
,” he said lovingly in Russian, shaking his head. Steve smiled. Sarah nodded in agreement with James, still combing her fingers through Steve’s hair.
Dmitri explained with a slight smile. James tilted his head to the side in confusion, raising his eyebrows as he waited for Dmitri to explain.
“I could tell he never felt the same and I didn’t want him with me just because I was the only option of that sort,” he explained. “So I broke it off. Started dating some girl. Don’t even remember her name. Steve and I never revisited it and then we started building, well, this,” he said, gesturing to the room around him. “It became more difficult even just to see each other for a drink as friends. More was near impossible and now? Now it’s too late.”
Tony wanted to answer but decided against it because he didn’t want to discuss it right now. He just wanted to get to Steve. “I hope you’ll enjoy it. It’s been a minute.” He hung her coat up and headed to the basement to find Steve.
. He could hear his father’s voice spitting those words at him like acid as he brought a belt down across Clint’s back.
“One of the women called a warehouse in Hunters Point. The man answered in Japanese. She told him she had misconnected the call and hung up. At the very least we have a start,” Natalia said.
Clint hadn’t expected an entire class report but it was sweet nonetheless and made him smile. Steve seemed to be a good topic to distract Tony with and Clint got a good insight into Rogers at the same time.
“No,” James said, a small smile on his lips, “we aren’t. Natalia, did either man happen to catch the name of the restoration company?”
When Steve finally woke up, he remained still as a statue. He didn’t want to wake Tony just yet. He wanted to watch him sleep, live for a bit in this miracle that was Tony asleep in his arms, in love with him and happy about it.
Tony couldn’t bring himself to remind Steve that Benni would be at school until early in the afternoon. So he simply smiled and went to the kitchen with him, preparing coffee for them. Somehow he wasn’t in the mood for breakfast. The fluttering that usually only lasted a few moments didn’t want to stop or so it seemed, making it impossible to even consider eating anything.
