"You kinky fucker," Dean says through a half-huffed laugh. Cas joins in, his whole body shaking with it on top of Dean's thighs. He swipes the pad of his thumb across Cas' cheek and toys with a few sweaty curls behind Cas' ear. "S'always the quiet ones." Cas throws him a smile that oozes from his whole body.
And then he’s rolled back off of Dean, stealing the comforter as he goes, leaving Dean flushed and cold.
Cas has his hands on his hips, a dark tee tight across the muscles of his arms and the sight has all the blood rushing down to Dean’s groin.
Dean removes his fingers, grabs at Cas' hips to angle himself better. More lube, Dean's heavy breathing behind him, and then the hunter is lining himself up and pressing in. Cas feels his entrance give, groans out as he takes Dean in. Fuck, it felt good, so so fucking good. Dean gives tiny little thrusts of his hips and
He trains his eyes on the horizon, keeps pounding the tarmac with his wheels, ignores the dents to Baby’s hood that he can see through the windscreen. He sighs heavily, somehow it still feels like the weight of the whole world is set upon his shoulders. ‘You.’ The word is acid on his tongue. ‘I’d rather have you.’ His vision blurs, a single tear tracking down his cheek. ‘Cursed or not.’
He leans forwards, forehead to the centre of Cas’ chest and feels Cas’ hands slowly start carding through his hair again. There’s a physical ache in his chest, curling under his ribs like a blackhole at the centre of him. It’s not pain, not in the slightest. It’s a yearning so strong for the man in his lap that it almost feels like dying.
Dean goes down on him without elegance or ceremony. He digs his fingers into Cas' hips and swirls his tongue around Cas' leaking cock, tonguing at the slit. Above him, Cas babbles incoherently and knots his fingers through Dean's short tresses. “Dean-Dean-I'm gonna-” but Dean's already pulled back, hands off Cas' body and he's smirking up at him.
He’s beautiful, ethereal in the weak sunlight that halos around his head. His heart clenches at the sight, a pang of guilt and shame squeezes his gut, suddenly very much aware of all that Cas gave up just to be here, above Dean, messy and human.
Dean watches him the entire time. Cas' chest heaves up and down and tiny shakes rack his body. Finally, Dean crawls back in and sucks at the inside of Cas' knee. “You,” he begins, trailing wet, open mouthed kisses up Cas' toned inner thigh, “have been having,” he bypasses Cas' interested cock and starts making his way back down the other thigh, “way too much sex.”
Sweat slid down from Cas' hair line; the air in the room was thick and humid from the storm and stunk of sex. He mouthed desperately at Dean's neck, gasping at the sensation, his eyes rolling at the sound of Dean's voice, cracked and needy, and choking out a string of,
Cas turns to look at him and says exasperatedly, "We've known one another for approximately seven years, Dean. I'm an
"Bullshit. I'd say that was pretty damn important." Cas shrinks away from him looking anywhere but at Dean, until Dean cups his face with both hands and forces him to look. "I'm not mad," Dean whispers. "I've done some pretty fucked up shit, Cas. So have you. But that wasn't your fault."
Comprehension filters through Cas' bloodstream along with the shitty whiskey and codeine. "Just vamps."
The reappearances of the old Dean are few and far between these days, but Cas plans to make the most of them when they appear. He breathes, "I love you," into Dean's open mouth, and means it. And Dean wraps his arms around him and says it back, sounding surprised at his own words.
,’ Cas gasps in awe, almost as surprised to have found Dean’s prostate as Dean is at the sensation that little bundle of nerves is igniting in his body. Cas shifts his fingers again and that same rush of light floods Dean’s body, static in his brain.
And Dean feels like he's flying. Warmth bleeds in to him from where Cas' mouth meets his and through his partially closed eyes he can see the swirl of blue-white smoke pouring from the angel. He wants to push Cas away, force him to stop wasting his precious precious Grace on
Then he's on his knees, sucking bruises into Cas' unblemished hip bones, and Dean sends up a prayer of thanks to the God he knows isn't there because Cas' hip bones are a thing of beauty and it'd be a damn shame if someone was going to mark them. Well, anyone but Dean. And he drags his teeth up their length and Cas shivers against him.
is. He knows. (He always knows.) ‘Claire, you wouldn’t be able to stop him.’ And it’s weird, because he finds talking to her about Cas doesn’t hurt as much as it does with other people. ‘He’d be the one with the flags on his car. He’d probably steal my credit card and order himself some ugly trench coat that was just striped rainbow pattern like he was Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dream Coat. He’d probably research all the different Pride events in South Dakota and bug you to go with him. He’d always be glad, so long as you were happy.’
“You’re beautiful,” Cas tells him then, his thumb dragging over his taint that sends a shiver down Dean’s spine right into his toes. “So perfect.”
Cas smiles against his lips. ‘I like the sound of that,’ he says, a soft spark lighting up those blue, blue eyes. And it could almost be Grace, but it’s not because it’s
She kills the call and Dean looks over at the shelves he’d been installing, thinking. Before he can stop himself, he’s opening his laptop and ordering a giant rainbow flag to hang in the bar window and a stupid ass bumper sticker proclaiming, ‘Proud Parent’ with a rainbow either side.
Dean shakes his head, glad for the distraction. 'I don't think so. I reckon he'll stay with mom at the cabin. At least for tonight.'
choose you. I don’t care what form it takes, I don’t care where we are.” Cas pulls back, hands still cradling Dean’s face like he’s precious, and he’s starting to believe that to Cas, maybe he is. “It will always be you and me.”
He lurches from his bed, ignoring the hangover that wants to empty his stomach acid into the nearest toilet. He reaches the spot he remembers being the night before, where he’d contemplated swallowing a bullet before Cas had stopped him.
And, of course, Cas had never been able to deny Dean anything. It was exactly how they wound up in this situation in the first place: an apocalypse halfway to completion; the mother of all storms tearing through their tiny camp to welcome the devil to the earth in his perfect vessel; Cas with his wings torn away and burnt out, a heartbeat thrumming under his ribs, a buzz of whiskey and need flowing through his bloodstream as he slammed into Dean harder and faster.
“You saved my life that night, Cas.” He rests his forehead to Cas’ shoulder and takes a deep, steadying breath. A couple of seconds pass at most and then Cas’ head is tilting, resting atop Dean’s.
Cas pulls back slightly, just enough to look him in the eye, and the concern there is a living thing, unavoidable. “How do you mean?”
Dean's pretty sure friends don't crowd in to one another's spaces the way he and Cas are doing right now. Friends don't gravitate towards one another like magnets. Friends don't whispers, "No," before leaning in and pressing their lips together, buoyed on by a fifth of whiskey, the silence, the darkness from the cocoon of snow.
Teeth bit into his forearm and stifled Dean's guttural cry as he came untouched, covering their chests in come. And the sensation of Dean tightening around his cock was enough to shoot his rhythm to hell. His body tensed, his grip on Dean's hip and in his hair tightened, and he spilled inside Dean with a strangled cry.
He doesn't know how prayer really works. He doesn't just start talking in his head to the angel like he usually might. Nor does he speak the words out loud. For a brief moment Dean wonders if every angel can hear what he's praying before he decides that even if they can, fuck 'em. He doesn't care.
“You gave up so much.” He’s not sure why he’s arguing. Years of self doubt, he supposes. Years of second guessing himself. Years of never getting what he wants, always waiting for the other shoe to drop.
And god, Dean wants to make Cas come like this, wants to feel him flood his mouth, but he also knows that can wait. What he wants, more than anything right now, is to watch Cas fall apart up close. Reluctantly, he pulls off Cas’ beautiful cock and crawls back up Cas’ body, tongue sweeping across Cas’ bottom lip. And, fuck, Cas opens for him so easily, sucking his tongue into his mouth to taste himself.
Cas moves first, finally able to push up onto all fours, arms still bracketed around Dean’s head, hips still framed by Dean’s parted thighs, and he presses a chaste kiss to Dean’s lips. There’s so much love in his eyes when he looks down at Dean that it makes his stomach swoop. He feels himself flush like a middle schooler with a crush. “You good?” Dean asks him, and can’t keep the smile from his face.
Cas rolls his earlobe through his teeth and whispers, "Most definitely. I'm not giving you up."  And he grinds down his hips, the hard press of his erection sliding against Dean's as though to prove a point.
He wakes the next day, mouth foul, throat raw, sheets drenched in sweat. His knuckles are bruised, bloody, swollen. His whole body aches, shakes.
He lets go of Dean's hip, noticing bruises have already blossomed along the sensitive skin, and reaches out to make a loose fist around Dean's cock. Dean's moans catch in his throat as he whimpers and begins to thrust into Cas' hand in time with each of Cas' thrusts to his ass.
‘Do you think if I had a choice that I wouldn’t be here already?’ Dean rarely sees Cas this angry. ‘Do you think if I had any power over this situation that I wouldn’t already be curled around you in your bed?’
Cas cocks a brow in Dean’s direction and says in what Dean might have once termed his smite-y voice, “But watching how well you took my cock was.”
A carewarning for some slight noncon kissing in this chapter. It starts with Cas getting his jaw pinched and ends with golden light/section break if you want to skip over it. It only lasts for a couple of sentences. Again, stay safe friends.
Days of work had unravelled in seconds. Naomi hauled him back for reprogramming and started small again.
Cas sets his coffee mug down and turns to Dean, his hands seeking out Dean’s face. He doesn’t say anything, just leans forward and presses soft lips to Dean’s. “Human, angel, demon, god?” He punctures each word with another kiss, to nose, brow, cheek. “Heaven, hell, purgatory, whole other universes? An absurd number of cosmic beings? It doesn’t matter. I will
'Jeez Cas, buy a guy dinner first.' The words are out of his mouth before he can stop them. Age old reflexes to deflect his feelings. 'Shit,' he drops his face into his hands to hide the redness spreading across his cheeks. 'Shit, I'm sorry. You, you know me. I can't - I never know how to deal with -' he waves a hand between them, his voice failing him.
It's times like these were the old Dean peaks back through, the same one that'd dragged him to a hooker and assured him he'd get him enthusiastically laid if it were to be his last night on earth. The Dean from before the apocalypse, the one these people in camp had never had the privileged to meet - save for Chuck - who had poked fun at Sam and didn't have to shoulder the weight of the world alone. Killing his Lucifer-possessed little brother was a burden Dean alone was forced to carry, but Cas hopes the hunter before him knows he'd never have to take that journey alone.
There’s a huff down the line. ‘Dean,’ she says, and it’s moments like this where he can hear the Cas in her. But rather than make his chest ache, it makes him grin harder. ‘I’m twenty three.’
‘Jack would tell me. Could always head to the radiology department to check too.’ He looks around the workshop. It’s empty, save for himself; the only sound his breathing and the gentle ticking of machinery cooling down. He can’t even imagine Cas stood in this place. Maybe that’s why he tries to avoid it. Can’t spend enough time here. ‘Think I’d rather not know for sure.’
Cas' eyes are wild and look like lightning splitting open the sky. He leans forwards, one hand gripping the wheel of the Impala and whispers, "Since the moment I saw your soul in hell, I have loved you." Dean feels his heart swell. He physically feels his fear and unnecessary panic drain right out of him. "You were a shining beacon of love and hope, the most beautiful thing I had ever seen in all of creation." Dean doesn't think that's true at all. There's no way it could ever be. But Cas looks so earnest, is pinning him with such an intense stare that Dean can't look away from. "This isn't..." Cas whispers, biting his lip and closing his eyes, dark eyelashes fanning across his cheeks. "I don't..."
Dean considers it for a moment, finally loosing the label from the beer. 'He's not really though. Sure Lucifer might've been involved in making him, but Jack's ours. And I think dad would've got that.'
Dean’s cock is leaking against his stomach, flush and aching, and he rolls his hips to seek some semblance of friction. There’s none to be found, but the movement draws Cas’ finger in deeper, fully inserted now and fuck fuck
“Dreamt about this for so long,” Dean confesses into Cas’ shoulder, breathing in the smell of sleep and fabric softener and the unmistakable scent of smoke borne from magic. There’s a frightened part of himself - the part that shattered upon well-worn fissures every time he had watched Cas die - that still half expects this to be just a dream: a beautiful dream, sure, but a dream nonetheless.
He hums contentedly as Dean's hands slide across his bare skin and begins to knead at the small of his back. His thumbs press little circles into his skin, smoothing out knots and chasing away aches. Dean's hands ride higher and higher, working with precision, and Cas just goes with it. Closes his eyes and sinks in to the mattress, giving over to the sensation.
Jealousy shatters across Dean's bones and twist through his stomach like a well placed knife. He spins Cas around and grips his face in his hands, eyes darting across his features cause doesn't he get it yet? How can he not get it yet?
He knocks back a generous amount without pause, relishing the burn as it hits his empty stomach. He keeps going, drinking straight from the bottle like a heathen, chasing the numbness it brings. His fingers tingle, it spreads to his spine and down to his toes. He drinks, and he keeps drinking.
The lightning illuminated the room as Cas bit at Dean's bottom lip and buried himself to the hilt instead. Dean clenched around him, fisted his fingers into Cas' hair and moaned, “Cas,” into his mouth, breathed it like it was a prayer; reverent and expectant.
And then he's watching as Dean - who's on all fours - starts working his fingers into his own ass with soft moans and trembling hands.
Cas swigs a mouthful. It tastes like crap and burns every inch of his throat it drips down. He takes another mouthful. Dean plucks the bottle out of his hand and sloshes some onto the bite marks on Cas' shoulder.
Cas whimpers, and the sound shoots straight to Dean's own cock, that's rock hard and making a mess of his pants already.
It’s only two hours later, when he gets another text through with a ‘thanks’ and several kissy face emojis, that a leaden weight drops onto his chest. The pain comes so swiftly, so unexpectedly, that he launches his cell across the room so that the screen shatters against the wall.
Even though he’s been mostly out of the life now for nearing a decade, Dean still hasn’t found it in him to care much about official holidays like Christmas or Thanksgiving. He knows most hunters are the same. A lifetime of bad habits are hard to shake. But this? This day to them is special, it’s
"Which part?" Absently, Dean rubs a hand across the Mark of Cain, feeling grateful that Cas can't see through the coat draped over him.
Dean glances over to the kid, triumph in those golden glowing eyes. ‘We did it!’ he says excitedly and he runs to Dean, throws his arms around him and hugs tightly. Then he’s stepped away and is hugging Sam too. ‘We actually did it!’
Cas’ mouth is on his in an instant, hot and filthy, tongue curling behind Dean’s teeth before he’s even really registered what’s going on. Cas maneuvers them, turns Dean until he’s facing the bar, can feel the solid planes of Cas’ body tight up against his back. Cas nips at the nape of his neck and growls, ‘You really want to know?’
He should've told him how none of that really matters because he would do it all again in a painfully human heartbeat. How he would go through losing his wings, and his Grace, and his life, for Dean. As many times as it was necessary to keep him safe, if not healthy and whole.
And whilst Dean is breathless and reeling, Cas gently removes his fingers, quickly lubes up his dick and pushes in to Dean's inviting hole.
," sounding nothing like Dean Winchester at all. Cas held on to that knowledge as he plunged the angel blade between not-Dean's ribs.
He fists his hands into the lapels of Cas' suit, feeling the rough scritch of cheap polyester under his palms, and he drags him back across the inch or two of space that had grown between them. Cas huffs softly into his mouth, and the sound of it makes Dean's blood run hot.
The copy didn't really do anything at all. It didn't speak. Didn't move. Didn't have anything much of Dean to him at all, except his face. And Cas felt sure - felt that Naomi was sure - that this would be easy.
'"Dean and I do share a more profound bond",' Dean says, his eyes flicking up to catch Cas' gaze almost sheepishly.
His sweaty forehead presses into Cas' damaged shoulder a his hips lose their rhythm momentarily as he reaches down and knots his fingers through Cas' own.
Cas’ thumbs swipe them away, fingers curled into the short hairs behind Dean’s ears. ‘Try and sleep now,’ Cas says softly.
He revs the engine a little to keep them trundling forwards but the Impala complains a little more insistently and something starts to rattle. "No no, c'mon Baby, don't do this to me," Dean says absently, gently caressing his hands across the wheel as though his touch could be anything short of magical.
Fingers scramble against the soft skin of Cas’ hand as Dean reaches for the one clutching his hip. He tucks his fingertips around Cas’ wrist, an anchor in a sea of sensation for the pair of them. Cas’ eyes flutter closed, lashes fanning across those pretty pink cheeks as he pushes forwards with his hips, bottoming out with on final smooth thrust and he’s beautiful, so fucking beautiful Dean could cry.
A sob escapes him, completely without warning, the enormity of what Cas is saying, what he’s offering, more than Dean really knows how to process. Cas tugs the half-drunk mug of coffee out of his hands and he hears, rather than sees, the way the ceramic thunks down onto the side table. “This is real.” It’s not really a statement, not really a question, but somehow comes out sounding like both.
Cas tips Dean’s head back, kisses him filthy, his hands roving across Dean’s skin making his whole body sing. He’s everywhere, a solid weight against his back, hard planes and bruising fingers. ‘That is how I protected you,’ he tells him as he drops the hand from his sternum down to his achingly hard cock, making a loose fist to jack Dean off with the same rhythm of his wicked hips. ‘Angel or no, I will
When he climbs back onto the bed, Dean's fingers stop their clever ministrations and he sighs with relief, his whole body unravelling before Cas' eyes. Carefully, Cas reaches out to stroke a broad hand down Dean's spine like he would a wild animal. "I'm here," he says softly, watching Dean nod in the ever-growing darkness.
The cabin was lit up by a crack of lightning, the single light bulb dangling from the ceiling swung uselessly and then flickered out throwing them into near total darkness.
Miracle comes bounding forwards, paws damp and muddy, her leash nowhere in sight. She’s propped up on Claire’s legs, sniffing at her face with enthusiastic interest for such an old girl. But Dean doesn’t pay much mind to his shaggy ball of fluff, not when someone has appeared from the treeline, jeans rolled up to his knees, boots and dog leash hanging from his right hand. The sun shines brown and grey into his black tresses, the blue of the water glitters in his eyes and there’s a shine of silver on his left hand that has Dean absently fiddling with his own matching ring.
His rhythm grows increasingly erratic, and it draws moans past Dean's lips that sound close to sobs.
This moment feels fragile; something new and delicate made from something old and cracked. Through the gaps in the curtains, weak winter sunlight bleeds across the bedroom, dancing shadowy patterns across Cas’ cheeks and highlighting soft brown strands in his hair. The hand not settled on Cas’ hip moves into the softness of his hair, and Dean starts to card his fingers through it. He hums at Dean’s touch, the sound vibrating into Dean’s chest, making him smile.
In the end, it’s laughably easy. The sun still rises on a Godless universe, remains warm and giving. The seams of reality don’t begin to fray, the world still turns. Billie had known what she was doing after all.
But the mood is broken when Cas’ stomach gives an audible grumble. Dean laughs, kisses Cas’ cheek sweetly and says, “C’mon, Sunshine. I’ll make pancakes.”
Except, that's not an option and Dean's painfully aware that they're going to have to spend the night together in a weird state of drunken, horniness, trapped under several feet of snow in a car that won't budge.
In seconds, he's thrown against a wall and feels his shoulder dislocate. Then a sharp set of fangs are sinking into the meat of his abused shoulder, whilst another is going for his calf.
“I’ve only just woken up, ergo it’s morning.” Cas rolls over with a huff, turning his back on Dean, and Dean can’t help but smile. He shuffles forwards, no longer as terrified of being so close as he had been last night. He nuzzles his nose into the soft curls at the nape of Cas’ neck, slinks his hands under the Henley Cas wears to drag his thumb over the butter soft skin of Cas’ hip bone.
Dean bites out, nipping his teeth against the dark bruise and Cas squirms, letting out a huffy little moan. He licks at a trail of sweat just behind Cas' ear and sucks his own bruises over half-faded ones on Cas' collarbone, letting his right hand drift down into Cas' pyjama pants to make a loose fist around Cas' hardening cock. Cas grinds back into Dean's own erection and mumbles something incoherent, maybe mentions that he's already ready, that he needs Dean in him, wants to ride him til he comes over his own chest and Dean's rhythm stutters, stops, and his hand is backing off.
‘The feeling’s mutual.’ Cas gives him a sad smile. ‘One foot in front of the other. One day at a time.’
"No," Cas confirms solemnly. He takes a half step forwards under the warm spray and pins Dean to the tiled wall with his hips. He licks into his mouth greedily, knotting his fingers through Dean's short tresses to angle the kiss better.
In the many times Dean has thought about this exact moment, not once did he expect the gentleness. Who could blame him? He and Cas sift through their shit with their fists, air their grievances with blood and violence. This was meant to happen at the crescendo of an ugly fight, where angry words were tossed back and forth like knives, where they'd revel in the blows they land against the other until words would be replaced with tongue and teeth.
Dean presses a kiss to the exposed skin peeking out from the neck of Cas’ sleep shirt, and noses under his ear, delighting in the shiver that wracks through Cas. “I got a theory.”
Cas laughs properly at that, throwing his head back and Dean's stomach flips. It's a beautiful sight and it sobers Dean to the core. 'I'd forgotten,' Dean says in barely a whisper, his voice betraying the gravity of what he's about to say. Before Cas can answer, a furrow in his brow, and a question on his lips, Dean continues, 'I'd forgotten the person - angel - you used to be.'
Dean startles at the sound of Cas' voice and then twists in his seat to look over his shoulder. He glances back and Cas and says through a grin, "You tryin'a get me drunk, Cas?" Without waiting for an answer, he reaches round the seat, groping blindly in the back foot-well for the promised liquor until his fingers catch on cool glass.
Dean pushes against the edge of the Trap, his claws his fingers down it and screams Cas' name again.
‘Look at me,’ he says. An order. Dean doesn’t. ‘Please?’ Cas’ hand is on his cheek, guides Dean’s gaze up to meet his.
The love that pours from every slight touch, every blessed kiss, that Cas smooths in to Dean's skin was never part of the equation. Dean wants to shrink away from it, protest that he's not worthy of any sort of love, let alone the love of an angel, but he can't bring himself to push Cas away.
Cas doesn’t entertain it with a response either way, just keeps his hands on Dean to ground him back to reality. And after a while, the fear begins to roll off his shoulders. His voice sounds vaguely detached when he finally speaks, “Just worried.” Cas doesn’t interrupt him, hands still cupping his face, thumbs stroking his cheeks gently. “Worried I’m gonna wake up and we didn’t pull you out. Worried I’m gonna find out this was just a dream. That losing you -
Cas doesn’t respond, merely knee walks across the mattress ‘til he’s right in front of Dean, eyes sparkling. “You always seemed to be under the impression I was completely naive.” His hands slide across the sweaty skin of Dean’s hips and pulls his body flush against his.
There’s a sadness in those blue eyes that Dean can’t bear to see, so he leans forward and presses a soft kiss to Cas’ lips.
So Dean doesn't give him the chance. He covers the distance between the two of them in two long strides, places a calloused hand around the exposed skin of Cas' throat, rests the other on Cas' right hip, and lines his body up against the other man's slightly slimmer frame. Cas leans back into him, dropping his head back onto Dean's shoulder and grinding his ass back into Dean's groin.
And though it’s futile. Though it’s just a dream, he reaches up, brushes his fingertips to Cas’ jaw. His stubble is rough to the touch, and damp with tears. ‘I wish you’d keep your pride, and just come home.’
But Dean's already rammed it into his gut, up and in, twisted it. His eyes flash black before the ink fades completely. His skin crackles with lightning. There's a half smile playing on his bloody mouth as he slumps sideways.
He makes a non-committal noise, tilts his eye towards Cas and tries to work his tongue around the question that chokes him. He draws his bottom lip between his teeth and settles on a different question instead. “Were there, uh, any others?”
Cas pushes him slightly, tilting him back until he’s flat on the bed with Cas hovering over him, his arms bracketing Dean as he continues to curl his tongue behind Dean’s teeth. His knee slides up between Dean’s legs, parting them until Cas is slotted right between them bringing their groins together with a delightful roll of his hips. Idly, Dean wonders where Cas learnt to behave like this, learnt how to touch in a way that consumes, kiss in a way that undoes him with every sweep of his tongue into Dean’s mouth. His hands fist into Cas’ dark tresses as he fucks his own tongue up past Cas’ lips. He guides Cas’ weight down on top of him, revels in the feel of their bodies pressed together, in the slide of bare skin and tented fabric, in the scratch of stubble under his palm and the wet warmth of Cas’ increasingly frantic kisses.
Dean tilts his head sideways, keeping his forehead on the wheel, and looks at Cas through squinted eyes. Not a single cloud of condensed breath fogs before his face. "Dude, are you even breathing?" he asks curiously.
Dean kicks the snow off his boots before swinging his legs inside and shivering. He sparks the ignition and turns on the blower as high as it'll go. The windows are fogged right over and they're going to take a little while to clear. He can feel Cas' eyes on him, watching as he claps his gloved hands together and jiggles his legs about to get warmth to his bones.
The weight on top of him disappears and it's followed by the unmistakeable swoosh of a blade through the air followed by a sickening thwak of metal meeting blood, muscle and bone.
A kiss to the crease of Cas’ elbow, a graze of teeth across the jut of Cas’ hip bone. He guides Cas’ ass up slightly, just enough to ease the pyjama pants down, exposing more skin for Dean to worship, to taste. And it should frighten him, Cas naked under his hands, but it doesn’t. It’s the most natural feeling in the world. A hand to one of Cas’ ankles as he nuzzles his nose into Cas’ knee, presses a tender kiss to the sensitive skin there and can’t fight the smile that crosses his face when Cas shivers at the touch.
He hears Cas take a shaky breath, and then his hands are sliding down the line of Dean’s arms, fingers tangling together. “I-I dreamt of you too.” He runs a thumb idly over Dean’s knuckles, an absent-minded gesture, soothing, grounding. “That’s all the Empty really is. A ceaseless stream of torment. All your faults, all your failings. The people you hurt, the people you failed to save. It’s an excessively cruel form of torture. Trapped in your own mind, acting out every bad decision. I- I mean you saw,” Cas says, his voice suddenly thick. “Playing through what Naomi made me do to you in that Crypt.”
Cas snatched the bottle from Dean's hands and took a swig. It was warm and cheap, and it burnt a track down his throat as it went. And then he started shouting right back. His anger rising in him like poison and it felt good to extract it, to free himself of the irritation that usually itched below the skin, just out of scratching range.
He licks across the seam of Cas' mouth and is rewarded with warm, wet tongue, and Cas' teeth grazing at his kiss-swollen bottom lip. He's not entirely sure where to put his hands. Part of him is desperate to drag the clothes from Cas' body and part of him wants to knot his fingers into Cas' dark tresses.
“We should’ve waited to shower,” Cas responds. His breath tickles Dean’s clavicle, cooling the sweat that clings to his skin.
Dean tugs at Cas’ hair, pulls him back up his body to slot their mouths back together once more. “Lube’s in the top drawer,” Dean tells him between feverish kisses.
He wipes his hands on a rag and walks back to the main building, feeling more rattled than he has in weeks. It’s been four months since he’s drunk anything stronger than beer because he had made a promise and had tried so very hard to keep it. But now he’s pulling a bottle of whiskey off the shelf on the back wall, straight out of his first order of stock, and cracking the metal seal.
His hum has Cas’ hips giving an involuntary twitch up into the wet heat of Dean’s mouth which only succeeds in making Dean smirk, relaxing his throat and letting Cas sink even further into his throat.
“I love you,” Dean tells him and the only surprise he feels is at just how easy it is to say. Cas whimpers into his mouth, a tiny little moan at the three words that has Dean chase after it again. He inches Cas back just a little, looks him right in the eyes and repeats it. “I love you.”
He works for hours, chipping away the nodules of old branches before starting on it with an industrial sander. He breaks only for lunch and a cup of strong coffee. While he’s fixing his plate he fires off a text to Sam, just to tell him he’s a bitch, and breathes a little easier when he just gets a one word response:
Cas’ hips buck up into Dean’s as he rolls his weight into his shoulders and drags Dean’s mouth to his. His tongue sweeps into Dean’s mouth and Dean sucks on it, a promise of what’s to come, and Cas can do nothing but whimper, “
'I lied,' Cas says, not to Dean, but to the floor. His shoulders are so rounded and he looks like he's collapsing in on himself. Dean's stomach drops out because for a split second he thinks Cas means he lied about being brainwashed. But Cas assuages those fears and continues on. 'I knew what broke her control on me. I knew it was you. She asked me to choose, between Heaven and you. But I couldn't tell you that, not then, not after these hands had hurt you so profoundly.'
Something brightens behind his eyelids, a vibrant spark of white lightning through his entire system. He feels his cock dribble a stream of pre-come onto his stomach, thrusts his hips up, desperate for the slightest touch only to find none, and instead rocks down further onto Cas’ fingers. ‘
His thumb hovers over the call button. He could ignore her. Wallow in the wave of memories of a little girl with the same blue eyes, glowing full of grace, her hands gently cradling her father’s face as he signed over his life to being chained to a comet.
He raises a trembling hand to reach out and cup Cas' cheek. The stubble sends shock waves through Dean's body. The angel turns in to the touch and presses a kiss to Dean's palm.
“Good?” Cas asks, teeth grazing the swell of Dean’s collarbone and, because Cas is apparently a cocky bastard now that he’s human, Dean can feel the way his mouth smirks into the question.
Dean's hands scrape at his own thighs, his ass clenches tightly around Cas' dick and he spills hot and white over Cas' fist.
A slight shrug of his shoulders and Cas begins to chant Enochian. The air in the room picks up and gusts about like wind, the dirt blows along the floor, sticks in the tacky blood smeared across the tiles. And then Abaddon starts to laugh. Great howls that almost sound like Dean but are foreign to Cas' ears.
Michael rattles against the door. He closes his eyes and leans forwards. And Cas... Cas meets him part way. They don't kiss, they daren't. but their foreheads touch and for just a second, Dean can breathe. He tilts his head slightly, brushes his nose against Cas' and is awash with so much grief.
“You saved me.” It’s a whispered confession, as reverent as prayer, and it feels holy in a way that only Cas can provide. “I’m here.” His broad hands slide through Dean’s hair, along the column of his throat, across his shoulders. “You’re not crazy, Dean.”
Dean patterns circles into the thin layer of dirt and dust that's settled on the hood of the Impala due to its weeks of disuse and watches all the same. He grows increasingly angrier every time someone else exits through the beaded curtain he'd begrudgingly helped Cas hang up.
A brilliant bolt of lightning illuminated the room and Dean shuffled in the bed. Cas turned to look at him, just in time to catch sight of Dean wincing as he tried to sit up.
Cas who has one hand in a death grip on Dean’s hip and the other guiding his cock into Dean’s welcoming ass. Cas whose chest is flushed, as he watches the way he’s starting to disappear inside of Dean with something akin to reverence in his eyes. Cas who stifles a broken moan as he slides into Dean so fucking slowly, so fucking carefully, like Dean is something precious.
Cas drops to the floor, the draining grace leaving him nauseous and light headed. Dean punctures every low registering thump of his fists against the forcefield with Cas' name. Over and over and over again.
Valiantly, Dean keeps the car going for perhaps another half a mile before she decides she's had enough. The wheels no longer want to move through the mounting snow and the engine gives one last feeble whine, before dying completely. Dean flops forwards and presses his forehead to the steering wheel letting loose a string of half-hearted expletives and a loud groan.
Before Dean’s smile can grow too cocky, Cas’ fingers had hooked into Dean’s jaw, lightly drawing his mouth back in for a bruising kiss. Dean sinks into it, naked bodies pressed up close, trading lazy kisses.
But he remembers the way the Empty had crowded into his personal space, wearing the face and milk-white eyes of Dean’s living hell before Cas had hauled the thing away from him, saved him from that asshole
saving him. Cas kisses his jaw, his ear, his brow, his nose, sucks a bruise to the hollow of his throat, drops his head down to place a kiss over his heart, back to his lips. Every press of his mouth is reverent, every brush of his lips is a prayer, and it breaks Dean open.
And though the effort is monumental, Cas rolls off of Dean, and sits on the edge of the bed wincing at the pain in his ass. He rakes filthy fingers through his filthier hair and flinches when his shoulder start to scream at him in pain again.
A blast of cold air rips through the room and through the grime laden window the dark sky is alight. The glow of Heaven cracked in two reflects off Dean's green eyes.
Considering the camp was home to five resident vampires these days, Cas thought he could be given the benefit of the doubt when it came to tangling with them. Most of them had allied themselves with humanity, had offered up their strength, their speed, their complete lack of morals, to fight the good fight for a change, in exchange for the occasional drag of blood from a vein.
They lapse into a companionable silence, still wrapped around one another. “There are things - dreams I had whilst in the Empty.” Cas has that faraway look in his eyes again. “Some were memories, others - like that night - I thought they were just the Empty trying to torment me.”
Dean pulls back, takes in the sight of the man before him, desperately trying to figure out if Cas is yanking his leg or being serious. ‘You’re fucking with me,’ he says finally.
Fall appears abruptly, bringing with it frosty mornings and heavy blankets of fog each dawn. The chill doesn’t slow him. If anything, he picks up his pace with the repairs, desperate to warm his blood with hard labour. He hasn’t touched the wood for the bartop since its arrival a few months previous, but the rest of the place is down to finishing touches now and he’s starting to run out of excuses to put it off.
He presses a gentle kiss to Cas’ lips before shifting them, rolling Cas onto his back so he's cradled in the rumpled sheets of Dean’s - no,
After all, it definitely wasn't Dean. But his hand had faltered all the same and Naomi had walked up behind him and guided his angel blade in to not-Dean's chest cavity.
The flush that spreads across his cheeks is hot and glowing within an instant. He wants to make a quick joke, a knee-jerk quip like,
Cas looks a sight. Hair mussed, lips kiss-swollen, face warm and delightfully flushed. And those eyes. Those beautiful blue eyes. “I love you,” Cas tells him, and he looks so free as he says it, so weightless. Dean can’t quite believe he’s the one that put that look on his face.
Under his touch, Cas stills. Dean pulls back incrementally, catching those blue eyes. “Unless you don’t wanna, which is-”
“Yours,” Dean hears himself say and Cas glances up at him, pupils blown with desire. There’s an uncharacteristically wolfish grin on his face that has Dean’s stomach swooping with delight.
There’s a rumble just up the road and Dean turns in time to see the gleaming, cherry red motorbike pull up and for Kaia to jump off the back and shake out her hair from under her helmet. ‘Still driving that death trap then?’ he calls out as Claire kicks the break and swings off the bike as well.
Lightning illuminated the room again for a second; the rain whistled down harder and the thunder rent the sky apart.
The smile that breaks across Cas’ face is blinding. “You called me beautiful,” Cas says, lifting his fingers to his lips. “You kissed me.”
"Then for what?" Cas asks curiously, holding out the whiskey again. Dean thinks he looks wildly out-of-place in a car doused in snow, wearing just his cheap suit and a furrowed brow.
He crawls across the floor, body shaking, pulls out another bottle of whiskey and sips from that. He can barely swallow. The room spins. He drinks until he vomits. He carries on drinking.
Cause what's the point in healing Dean if Abaddon's just going to catch him in the grace with a blade.
Dean goes boneless against him, his skin fever hot and shining with sweat, and it's all Cas can do to keep going. He's close - so fucking painfully close - and Dean is a beautiful, wrecked picture. Flushed red chest, stripes of come coating his belly, a tiny crease marring his forehead and shaking lips forming around a breathed prayer of,
Dean pants hard breaths against the skin of his ass and shifts his weight from leg to leg, moving away from Cas momentarily.
A flicker of hurt passes behind Cas' eyes so quickly, Dean wonders if he'd imagined it. 'Would you like another?' Cas asks, shaking the bottle in his hand.
Dean looks down at the bottle to find it mostly gone. His body is humming with the buzz. "Didn't think angels could get drunk," Dean teases.
“Fuck, Cas.” Every inch of his body feels fever-hot and tingly as Cas starts to pepper kisses down his chest. Dean has about half a second to prepare before the wet, hot heat of Cas’ mouth is sinking down his cock. “Fuck,
It doesn’t take Cas long to settle back between Dean’s parted thighs, fingertips ghosting across hypersensitive skin as he shuffles closer til his knees press against the swell of Dean’s ass. And he should feel vulnerable, should feel too exposed but there’s that smile lighting up Cas’ face that makes it so easy for Dean to hook his ankles together and drag Cas even closer. Cas’ cock drags a trail of precome up Dean’s length and it feels just like sin.
There’s a coy smile dancing behind Cas’ eyes but it’s nowhere close to playing on his lips. Dean’d be impressed if he wasn’t so infuriated. “And third?”
Except he didn't. He snatched up the nearest bottle of whiskey – a half drunk bottle that had been rest there since the night before – and downed a large mouthful. And then he started yelling. Yelling about Lucifer, and yelling about God, and yelling about Cas too, just for good measure.
When Naomi had drilled into Cas' hardware and programmed him to kill Dean Winchester should he endanger their mission, she'd made him practice.
Seven hundred and thirteen gave up after his face was pummelled by Castiel's fists. He'd laid down and died easily.
So that meant Dean was going to do what he always did – had done only a few hours ago – and that was run off in search of more alcohol and pretend like it wasn't a big deal that he was leaving their tenuous friendship with a fatal bullet wound to the skull.
"C'mon," Dean says, turning away from the grave and heading down the slippery path towards the place he'd parked the Impala.
And before he can do much else, it’s Cas’ hand that slides between the pair of them, wrapping his fingers around them both and giving an experimental pull. “Oh fuck,” Dean hisses, dropping his forehead against Cas’ shoulder, his eyes darting down to watch their cocks sliding together. On instinct, he moves his own hand over Cas’, desperate to feel the pair of them. Their fingers tangle together, their bodies find a sweet rhythm, and Dean’s breathing is a desperate, needy sound, panted raggedly into Cas’ waiting mouth.
There's a flush across his chest that rises and falls rapidly with every gasped breath. Dean grins at the sight of the wet patches of come on Cas' belly, at the way his hair sticks up wildly, to the swell of his lips. Cas is a state, debauched, and he looks stunning.
, it’d been far too long since he’d done this to himself, let alone let anyone else do it to him and he’d forgotten just how good that drag could feel. “Cas,” he moans, “Cas, Cas,” and he scrambles to draw Cas’ lips back to his own, to slide his tongue alongside Cas’ to taste and claim and be claimed in return. “
It’s a tableaux of tragedy but he feels divorced from it, just slumps onto the table behind him and watches the inevitable unfold.
Dean hovers like a mother hen once Cas is back in his cabin. He steers Cas to the bed and orders him to rest up, he makes him tea - the Earl Grey kind that he purposefully went into a hot zone for cause he knew that was Cas' favourite kind - offers to run him a bath, and only stops short of plumping Cas' pillows when Cas pulls a bottle of pills from his bedside table and starts to chug them like candy.
,” Cas breathes, an unholy prayer for Dean’s ears only. His thighs tremble against Dean’s chest, clearly struggling to reign in his desire to just fuck Dean’s face with reckless abandon. And the hazy, lust fueled part of Dean’s brain wants nothing more than to let him, to brace his arms, let Cas tangle his hands into Dean’s hair and just have at him, but no. Dean drags up, tongues at the slit again before sinking back down, creating a punishing rhythm that has Cas’ hands twisting into the sheets, petting at Dean’s face and carding through his hair.
Cas kisses like Dean's precious cargo. His hands cradle Dean's face and his lips press to Dean's in a caress of warmth and tenderness.
Content, Dean tips sideways back onto the mattress, his arm no longer able to hold him up, his knees protesting from the position he’d kept them in. He rolls his head across the pillow, unable to keep yet another smile from his face. “This, however,” Cas says, trailing his fingers through the come cooling on his chest. “This is less pleasant.”
He licks him clean, swallowing the salty tang down and then pulls back and out gently. His hand on Cas' hip is the only thing keeping him upright. Dean nuzzles in again and Cas shakes violently at his touch, his body hyper sensitive and trembling. “Mine,” Dean breathes, mouthing over Cas' hip bones again. And he'll deny it if Cas ever tries to mention it again, he'll punch him in the face and tell him he's a filthy, stoned liar, but right now, right this minute he doesn't give a shit.
He couldn't tell which of them he was saying it to, Dean or himself, but they both knew that it was a lie.
Dean’s brain lags at the suggestion, his heart somersaulting in his chest. Cas turns away and heads through the back and up the stairs.
Sam holds him by the shoulders, goofy grin in place. There’s still blood dripping sluggishly from the cut on his brow, but with a shimmer of gold it knits itself back together. ‘
‘Call her,’ phantom-Cas tells him, plants his feet firmly on the floorboards and stands. ‘She’ll make you feel better.’
His mouth has been everywhere, has mapped the body in front of him with soft kisses and teasing fingers. “Mine,” he breathes again, tightening his grip on Cas' hips. “Mine.”
Absently, Dean’s hand comes up to rub against the back of his head. Even though the bloody lump has gone, the memory still remains. “I didn’t see you then,” he says by way of answer.
Dean stumbles a little, falls heavily against the edge of the Trap, drops to his knees. The angel blade rolls out of his hands with a ringing clatter.
His tears choke him. He slams a fist into the reclaimed hardwood floor, again, and again, until his knuckles split and begin to bleed.
His love for Dean flares through him like a supernova, burns with the heat of a thousand suns exploding into existence. He's not sure when he became aware of it, if it was before the world didn't end or after he'd made his deal with Crowley, but he was certain of it when his memories had flooded back, and it had burnt inside of him as he ran through Purgatory alone.
Cas raises the blade and presses it to the side of his neck. It's cold and it pinches, it's rough edge prickling pain against his skin. He feels suddenly woozy.
. Because he knows. Oh god, he knows. He doesn't need to be an angel to know just how deeply Cas loves him. Doesn't need to think of all the times a demon or a monster or an angel has made a comment about the two of them. He's known for so long it's like background noise, a continuous thrum, a constant certainty, safe as the rumble of Baby's engine. He doesn't exactly remember when he realised, it almost feels like it was always there. Just something they were both aware of but never spoke of.
Dean wishes there was more beer in his bottle. 'Do you... do you ever regret it? Falling? Turning your back on your family?'
"Oh," Dean says back, all light and teasing. He nibbles at Cas' earlobe and says softly, "Really don't like seeing someone else's teeth marks on you."
For good luck, he adds a devil’s trap each end and, on a whim, starts carving some of the Enochian he’d once seen on the film of an x-ray. The sun is setting by the time he finishes, bleeding across the sky like ink in water. His fingertips trail along the Enochian, his heart pounding against his ribs.
Dean huffs against Cas’ lips. ‘So basically you’re saying I acted like a middle school girl with her crush and wrote out
Dean’s tongue dips into Cas’ mouth, desperate to taste, chasing the birth of stars behind Cas’ teeth. “Want you,” Dean says, his hands scrambling under the hem of Cas’ shirt.
“Leaving you,” he says. “Letting the Empty take me. I- I wanted you to live. I wanted you to find happiness. I-”
Cas propped himself onto his elbows and watched, threading his fingers through Dean's hair. And then Dean paused, mouth hanging wet and open, hovering over Cas' cock. His eyes flickered up, met with Cas'. Dean's pupils were blown and he looked starving.
“Sometimes I thought I saw your soul, but it was like looking through glass, all distorted and dulled. I assumed it was the only way the Empty could mimic it.”
Dean lets his eyes trail around the room, skirt over the discarded pair of panties hanging from a glass lampshade on the dresser, slide over the rumpled and stained looking sheets, and settle on a particularly dark bruise that's been sucked into Cas' collarbone. “You've been busy,” Dean says scathingly and he knows, God he knows that if Cas gets the chance to turn round then he'll be smirking and ratty and acting like the general ass he's become since his wings got ripped.
"I can get behind that," Dean says quietly. He closes his eyes and loses himself to Cas' solid weight in his lap.
‘I’m trying.’ He sounds pathetic. He sounds like a child. He just wishes there wasn’t such a crushing weight on him any longer.
Cas had helped Chuck back to his cabin, got him laying down in the dark room, had handed him a bottle of Jack and clapped him on the shoulder. “My father is an asshole,” Cas said by way of apology and left the Prophet to rest.
But Cas knew it would succeed. He had faith in Sam. The thought brought him a strange sense of comfort. He may no longer have faith in his Father or the angels, but he'd found faith in a brother. Even one that had been born for Lucifer.
Barely able to tear his eyes away from Dean's ass in the air, Cas starts groping across the other side of the mattress. Finally his hands land on the bottle and he begins to slick up his fingers.
Another memory of praying behind a shack in the middle of nowhere, begging a God that didn’t care to return his angel to him. The only one that ever listened to his prayers wrapped in a shroud in a cabin on a water’s edge.
He glances around his room frowning. He’d been curled up in bed in nothing but an old black tee and a pair of boxer briefs. He has no recollection of how he got here. Last he remembers, he was out in the yard with…
But Cas finds that this is better. The visceral feel of his own pounding heart, the electric tingle skittering around his knuckles, the light airy feeling swooping in his gut. The etching of stubble against Dean's jaw that's rough against his open palm, the prickle of the tiny hairs on the back of Dean's neck, the softness of his warm mouth against his.
He lets his eyes rove the hunter's face greedily. Kiss-bruised lips, jawline darkened with stubble, brilliant green eyes highlighted with dark smudges. There's a smirk playing about those soft lips as Dean echoes, "No?"
And he may not be an angel anymore but he knows it's not Abaddon. He knows it in the way that he knows the way light fractures and burns brightest at the centre of a black hole. He knows it in the way that he knows that on average it takes 59.8945 seconds for every blood cell in Dean's body to circulate once. He knows it in the way that he knows the way angels are made from ice and love and wrath and songs of exultation to their Father.
‘Yeah, well, now that I’ve got hold of you, you better start responding to Jody or you might need to rethink that whole killing capital-g God thing. She’s pissed. Whenever your name gets mentioned she brings out the Mom Scowl.’
If it weren’t for the insistence of his bladder, Dean’s fairly certain he’d just stay in this bed the entire day. He presses a kiss to Cas’ knuckles and extracts himself from under his weight. He smiles at the sight: a shock of dark hair on Dean’s pillow, wrapped up in Dean’s sheets and Dean’s clothes. No lines of worry to mar his brow or restless shifting. Just one hand seeking out the warm spot that Dean had just vacated, fingers twisting into the sheets.
‘Ten years,’ Dean echoes. He reaches into the cooler, extracting a couple beers and handing one over to his brother.
just pouring right out of him with each roll of their hips. His cock weeps between their trapped bodies, chasing more friction than the position allows and he guides one of Cas’ hands there, desperate for more, desperate for
“Don’t,” Cas whispers as he looks down upon Dean like he’s looking at something beautiful, inspiring. Something worthy of the devotion of an angel. Dean doesn’t need to ask what Cas is referring to. Doesn’t matter that he gave up his grace, Cas still seems to know exactly what Dean is thinking regardless of not being privy to his thoughts or prayers any more. Dean squirms and Cas kisses him once more, following it with another, “I love you.”
you. Like after Purgatory but worse. Cause it never stopped. Even when I was dreaming, just kept getting worse.”
As Cas’ cock slides against his, reminding him delightfully of an hour ago, he accepts that yeah, that would definitely be a good idea. His dick gives a twitch against Cas’ hip, throbs in Cas’ loose hand, and he privately tries to argue with himself that trading steamy handjobs in the shower is a perfectly respectable second time. But…
Metatron waving an angel blade covered in blood skitters through his mind's eye before his gaze focuses wholly on Dean's wide green eyes.
Dean pulls Cas away from the group, knots his fingers into his hair and kisses the breath right out of him. He starts soft and slow, needy and possessive. And Cas clings to him, hand gripping tight on Dean’s left bicep. First place. Last place. ‘I love you,’ Cas breathes right into Dean’s mouth and his heart hammers hard against his ribcage. He will never tire of hearing those three words. The first time was too terrifying to mention, but now, with the decade of distance, Dean just clings to his husband, a hand splayed across Cas’ heart. There’s a hand print right there: shaped just like Dean’s. The scar on Cas’ chest and the renewed one on Dean’s arm was the price they had to pay to bring Cas back to him. Dean’d willingly pay it a hundred times over.
When they pull apart, he can’t help the tears that brim up in his eyes when she touches his face lightly. And then she’s hoisting the still-sleeping Bobbi from Sam’s arms, leaving his brother free to step forward and engulf him in his giant arms. ‘Heya, Sammy,’ he says into his brother’s hair. ‘About time you guys showed up, we’re starving.’
Cas lifts one of the mugs to his lips, humming a satisfied little sound, the steam ghosting over his cheeks. Dean props himself on an elbow and watches him. “You only saying that because I brought you coffee?” There’s no real bite to the deflection, even if he wishes he hadn’t said it. Sometimes life-long habits are hard to break. Instead of saying anything else equally stupid, Dean simply hooks his chin onto Cas’ shoulder and reaches around to lift his own coffee mug from the side table.
Cas rests his forehead to Dean's and counts the freckles that dust the skin of his nose. "I'm not letting you die," Dean whispers.
The sun chases him across state lines and he drives without a destination in mind. He just wants to put as many miles between him and that cursed shoreline as Baby’s wheels will carry him. The ghostly memory of running from Stull prickles down his spine. He knows he should be grateful. This time around he didn’t have to watch his baby brother throw himself into damnation with the devil. But then, that time around there’d been an angel sitting to his right, pissy scowl on his face. ‘What was it you asked, Cas?’ he asks thin air. ‘Peace or freedom?’
He twists open the codeine again and knocks back a handful with a swig of the shitty whiskey and lets the pills dull his senses lest he blow his load from the sight of Dean on the bed just waiting for him to get to work.
.” On instinct his fingers knot through Cas’ hair and he fights the urge to thrust up into Cas’ inviting mouth. Not that Cas would mind, he thinks, given just how deeply he’s taking him down. He groans, pulls on Cas’ hair and says, “Cas, buddy, repeating my earlier statement. Keep this up and I’m gonna come.”
The first time, Cas had known in the part of his mind that sounded like Naomi, that he was to kill Dean.
And he doesn’t think he believes that, but in this moment, with Cas’ fingers buried in his ass working him open, Cas’ mouth marking his shoulders up, he thinks this is perfect. This moment, them, just like this. “You are,” Dean says, voice thick and slow, brain trudging through molasses to form a coherent thought.
With every layer he strips away, Cas bends down to kiss at newly exposed patches of skin. He sucks bruises into Dean's collarbone, mouths gently at the crease of Dean's right elbow, licks the sweat from behind Dean's ear until Dean's whole body is
Dean hisses at the slight burn but it doesn’t last long, quickly drips into pure pleasure and he can’t help but clench around those fingers and let out a breathy groan. Much to his surprise his moan is matched by one of Cas’ as he begins to bite bruises to Dean’s clavicle. He builds up his rhythm from before, adds a scissoring of his fingers with each twist that has Dean panting Cas’ name every other gasp.
He rocks forwards experimentally a couple of times, silken skin rutting against silken skin and Dean squirms beneath him. Cas moves back on his haunches, barely dragging his eyes away from Dean’s cock as he fumbles for the bottle of lube and uncaps it again, slicking himself up more confidently than Dean would’ve given him credit for. Then again with the filth that’d started dripping from Cas’ tongue since waking up, Dean reckons he really shouldn’t be that surprised.
The warmth of the water and the steam is making Dean feel more alive than he has in months. Well, that and the fact that he currently has the soapy hand of an ex-angel wrapped around his cock. He drops his head back against the tile, riding through the sensation of Cas’ thick fingers working him over. “Fuck,
And he hated himself for saying it, wanted to take it back almost as soon as the words had passed his lips, but he couldn't. The colour drained from Dean's face and he looked like he was going to puke if he opened his mouth.
Dean's blunt nails scrape against Cas' wrist and he pulls him in closer. Pulls him over the Trap and inside the circle of angel blood. "
He’s stared down the barrel of a gun more times than he cares to think about. It’d be easy. Too easy. Oblivion sounds like bliss right now. He presses the muzzle to his temple, moves it to beneath his chin.
Only dregs in the bottom of the bottle now. He staggers. His head snaps up as the music switches to Zepp. He stills. Feet are rooted to the floor. Paralysed. Robert Plant’s voice tears through his core. Not this song. Not this song.
Cas leans forwards, blindly seeking out Dean’s mouth with his own, one hand fisting into the sheets beside Dean’s head and the other framing Dean’s jaw with splayed and shaking fingers. Dean manages to loose his fingers from the sheets to instead run them through the mess of Cas’ hair and keep him as close as possible. He returns each kiss with one of his own, gently rolling his hips, experimenting with the sensation of Cas’ cock in his ass. Cas whimpers right into Dean’s open mouth and chases it with a breathy, “I love you.”
Naomi had picked up the discarded angel blade, forced it into Castiel's already bloody hand and driven it in to not-Dean's chest.
After quite some time, Dean says a quiet, "I, uh." He hesitates, clears his throat and continues with, "I never thanked you."
This chapter deals with some suicidal ideation. It gets ugly. Please be warned and be kind to yourselves.
Firstly, I know nothing about how much a bar like this would cost to buy. I took a punt. Secondly, my knowledge of woodworking comes from watching woodturning videos on youtube and a few basics from DT back in high school. Thirdly, I'm British so my knowledge of American georgraphy is really only limited to google maps. Please be gentle and suspend your disbelief.
‘I lived for millenia, Dean. And in all that time, I was pushed and pulled, beaten and tortured into the perfect weapon, the perfect soldier.’ He steps forwards, reaches out a hand and places it heavily upon his shoulder, mirroring their ghostly selves. ‘But you only ever wanted me to be me. You accepted me as I was, crack in my chassis and all. In spite of betrayal, in spite of how many times these hands bruised you, you still carved a place for me into your heart, into your family. I was more accepted by you than any God or angel. Your capacity for forgiveness, for love, is astonishing. You only ever wanted me to be me.’
And then Cas is pulling him back towards him, his mouth hot and claiming, blunt nails digging into Dean’s bare shoulders. Dean’s dick throbs at the sensation - Cas is seemingly everywhere all at once - and he chases each kiss, each warm inch of Cas’ exposed skin.
And Dean just gives himself over to the feel of it all. He's nothing but raw nerve sparking fire at every point Cas touches him. His bloodstream is buzzing and his brain is filled with a litany of Cas Cas Cas...
And then Cas is back, moving with a speed Dean would’ve only ever expected from his angelic powers, body flush against Dean’s, arms bracketed either side of Dean’s head, mouth claiming upon Dean’s own.
I kept the Crowley cameo out of the tags for the surprise of it. Because yes, the first instance of Crowley is actual Crowley. Also, if you've ever read anything else I've written, you'll know that I am often fond of bringing up the crypt scene and the opening of Goodbye Stranger because they still have never spoken about it and it has been SEVEN YEARS. unacceptable.
Cas’ gaze grows darker, hungry, and he licks his lips as he pulls back, barely able to pull his eyes away from Dean, and moves towards the bedside cabinet. Dean shuffles back up the bed, anticipation ricocheting up his spine. He watches each slight movement of Cas’ body, the ripple of muscles under the skin of his back, the way they flex as he balances on the edge of the bed.
The air reeks of sulphur and there's black coiled around Dean's core and pouring from his eyes. Too familiar.
He covers his ears with shaking hands. Shakes his head like a dog trying to get water from its ears. Keeps repeating the same words over and over and over and over and over and over.
Who’d’ve thought this was how Dean Winchester would go? His own bullet. His own gun. Trigger pulled by his own hand. If the angels and the demons could see him now.
All he can do to respond is nod weakly, not that Cas seems concerned. He nuzzles Dean’s hip, drawing the skin up between his lips before laving over the flush of blood with his tongue. He looks down at the pink mark before dipping back and repeating the ministrations. Dean squirms at the sensation, raising a shaking hand to card through Cas’ hair.
His pitifully human heart hammers a rampant beat in time with Dean's and he makes only slight attempts to move. A single soft kiss to the bruising teeth marks, a brush of his nose through the wet tresses at the base of Dean's neck, a gently thumb smoothing circles against the raised burn under his hand.
With a few last urgent thrusts, Cas let's himself go and is blinded by the sight of the supernova he might once have been.
"I said, it's fine Dean," Cas repeats. He can feel the grace slowly disappearing from his core. There are aches in strange places again. It's a tell tale feeling that his plan is working. His head swims.
'I was constantly getting pulled back into reprogramming apparently.' Cas gazes off into the bunker, and Dean's sure he can almost see the cogs whirring in Cas' mind. 'But since I pulled you from Hell, it's not stuck in any sort of meaningful way. Heaven reminded me before Jimmy died, but even then I couldn't bare to see harm to come to you.'
'I would -' he swallows thickly, reaches his hands out and tangles his fingers between Cas'. It would be so
. Feel Dean's hips rocking up to meet Cas' thrusts and his nails scraping violently down Cas' back; feel sweat slipping between his fingers as he knotted a hand into Dean's hair; feel the coiling flush of blood rushing through his body, down into his groin, his balls tightening, his hips losing their steady rhythm.
Dean muttered something incoherent about the lube being cold before he started fisting the rumpled blankets on the bed into his hands and tensing up. Cas lowered himself down on top of Dean, kissed him gently on the temple and finally found his voice. “It's okay, it's okay,” he whispered so quietly he could barely hear himself over the sound of the storm outside. He pushed his hips forwards ever so slightly, and Dean moaned, loud and low, like thunder, and he relaxed a fraction beneath Cas' body.
Again, they remain resolutely in place. If Dean thought they could get away with it, he wouldn’t move from this spot ever again, regardless of the come cooling on his thighs and his stomach.
Abaddon shrinks away from it. But her movements are jerky and stilted, like she can't quite control Dean's limbs properly any longer.
‘You said it’d protect against things finding us.’ He shrugs, feeling defensive. ‘Figured it wouldn’t hurt to carve it into the bar.’ Carefully, he slides the crate onto the nearest table and makes his way behind the bar to stand beside Cas. ‘Did I fuck it up?’
No. Friends absolutely do not do this. They don't need, they don't want, they just are. Then again, Dean thinks as his chapped lips brush with Cas', he and Cas flew past 'friends' a long time ago.
It’s been ten years and they’ve yet to have a single one of these meet-ups rained off. Even when the weather forecast promised flash flooding, somehow the day still dawns with cloudless skies and a bright sun to warm them. Dean can’t help but smile as he starts hefting coolers out of Baby’s trunk. He supposes there’s always a plus-side to being one-third-Dad to God.
"Bless your little heart Castiel," Abaddon says, and that turns Cas' stomach. Dean hasn't called him that in years. It sends ice down his grace. "You thought I'd give up Dean's body that easily? You reckon it's
He can feel his heart drumming violently in his chest, hear it thrumming a tattoo in his head, and he rolls off the bed, his ass feeling tender and loose.
Dean's stuck but a sudden wave of nerves as Cas' hands slide underneath his Henley to drag the shirt up over his head. It's the same kind of rush that floods the system as your build up to the first drop on a roller-coaster when there's nothing more to do than hold on tight and let gravity do its worst. Dean's not entirely sure the feelings are even fully his own.
Hurt passes behind those baby blues but Dean doesn’t feel triumphant. If anything, it makes him feel even more hollow. And then that hurt is gone, replaced with a quiet fury that blurs the memory, makes it look like he’s watching on an old TV.
Cas' eyes caught the lightning and flashed like steal. He should've say something really, should've fought his voice against the thunder, should've told Dean that he loved him, or that he hated him. How Dean'd ruined everything that he once was and torched his life to the ground 'til he was little more than charcoal wing smudges on the tarmac.
Dean watches as though an outsider, glad this time he doesn’t have to stand in his own skin, weep those same tears and watch a literal angel cry as he’s torn away from the man that he loves.
Cas throws him a bitch face that Sam would be proud of, before draping the trench across Dean's knees. "You need it more than I do," he says bluntly.
Cas touches his neck again, trying to stem the steady trickle of blood. His eyes soften. "I'd rather be human," he says with a shrug. Like it's no big deal. Like it's not monumental. Like he hasn't just given up on eons of angelhood to live and breathe and die human.
With a jolt, Cas knew. Knew because he always knew. Knew because he had rebuilt Dean from the atoms up. Knew because that soul had stitched itself to his and there was no part of it that he didn't understand completely. Knew that it had been a very long time since Dean Winchester had been on his knees and blown another man. Knew that there had been very few occasions where he'd even enjoyed it.
He twists off the lid but neither of them drink yet. Cas and Jack have finally parted and Cas has retrieved them a sweating bottle of beer apiece.
Cas takes hold of the bottle, his fingers catching Dean's in the process and the hunter gasps a short breath. "No," Cas says, noticing exactly nothing. "You drink it to sleep."
, but the words die on his tongue. Instead, he swallows thickly, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth and distinctly
Cas’ bottom lips trembles and then he’s huffing out a laugh. Dean can feel his cheek heating under his palm. It’s a beautiful sight.
Cas' fingers tunnelled through Dean's hair and for a half second they both stilled. Dean's shoulders set a little and Cas wondered if Dean thinks he's going to hold him there whilst he fucks into Dean's hot, welcoming mouth. Instead, Cas gently tugged Dean up his body, wrapped an arm tightly around his shoulders and slotted their mouths back together, kissing Dean deeply, messily, drinking him down like he's water.
Cas thrusts his leaking cock against his own thighs, chasing the feel of it like he would a high. And if it weren't for the pills he'd've probably made a mess all over the bed already. A third finger and Cas starts thrusting back onto the fingers in earnest. "That all you got?" he pants.
With a filthy roll of his hips, Cas grinds down into Dean’s lap. “Okay,” he says, mouth wet and open against Dean’s. “Okay.” Cas’ hands rove across Dean’s back; smooth down the fabric of his shirt before reaching the hem and hoisting it up and over Dean’s head. “Okay,” Cas says again, almost as if it’s a mantra to settle himself and Dean squeezes his hands to Cas’ hips, grounding the pair of them.
‘Fuck,’ Dean moans, as Cas slowly eases out of him. He’s a filthy mess of come and sweat, and he still needs the solidity of the bar to keep him from just turning into a puddle on the floor.
He drops his forehead to Cas’, half desperate to look down and watch as Cas comes on Dean’s cock, his own release mixing with Dean’s on his skin, but he doesn’t. Instead he keeps his eyes locked with Cas’ as his whole body pulls tight like a bow string before it snaps and Dean swears he sees a supernova explode in the blue-black of Cas’ eyes as he spills onto their skin. “I love you,” Cas says, his breath panting, fever-hot, against Dean’s cheek. “I love you. I love you.”
"No shit, Sherlock," Dean mutters. "Wait, what are you doing?" Dean's voice seems to have climbed up a notch as he watches Cas shrugging out of his trench coat (not
‘You know your bitching makes you sound about a hundred, right?’ Claire says as she hooks hers and Kaia’s helmets over the bike's handles.
The spark of endorphins that rushes through Cas, into his Grace, into Dean, saturates every atom of Dean's body until he's coming again. His brain is filled with white noise, there are supernova behind his eyelids, there's not enough oxygen in the universe to fill Dean's lungs. His heart beats violently against his chest, drumming a cacophony in his ears as his body works through the aftershocks.
The second time, not-Dean had run away. Not that his legs could carry him very far - Cas was an angel - and Cas had blocked him off, thrown a punch and sent not-Dean flying against a wall. For several seconds, he'd pinned not-Dean there, an arm pressed against his chest and an angel blade in hand and Cas felt sure the programming would work that time. That any second he would feel a spurt of warm blood spill over his hands.
Cas has a brief moment of thought, a swell of triumph because Sam did it, he reversed Metatron's spell. The angels were going home.
Cas shakes his head. "There are things that I did when I was," he pauses, staring at the snowed over Impala window as though trying to find something in the mound of snow, "bad. Things I regret more than anything."
Dean looks down to find Cas’ eyes trained on their joined hands. He hates how fresh those memories are, how vividly he’d been reminded of the pain of his bones breaking under Cas’ fists; shattered at the altar of Cas’ feet, his blood a supplication upon the dust. It was like getting trapped inside a nightmare you could never wake up from, because it wasn’t fabricated from the horrors of his subconscious; it was one hundred percent real. “When -” he clears his throat, gives Cas’ fingers a squeeze. There’s something niggling in the back of his mind that he wants to know the answer to. “When I first showed up, you… you didn’t really think I was there. Not at first. Not the Naomi thing,” he adds quickly, as Cas’ face shoots up whipsharp. “With…” Fuck. His throat closes up. It’s been well over a decade since Sam destroyed the demon that had broken Dean in hell, but his voice fails him.
A few quick breaths and then Dean's pushing Cas back into the nearest wall, pressing their bodies flush together and trailing devastating kisses across Cas's neck once more. “Hate this,” Dean mutters, settling his teeth over someone else's bite marks. He slides his hands back into Cas' pants and shucks them down around Cas' ankles. “Really-fucking-hate-this.” He punctures every word with nips down Cas' chest.
what a sight Cas is, face screwed up and absolutely wrecked as Dean fucks him open with his fingers and sucks, cheeks hollowed, tongue dancing around Cas' cock.
'It's been a hell of a day.' With how frantically his heart is beating, he's sure it's going to make a bid for freedom right out of his chest.
but he's not sure he knows how to explain or claim the feelings pounding in his ears, or the desire flaring through his bones. All he knows is that Cas' mouth isn't on his any longer and that's something that desperately needs rectifying.
‘Heya, Cas.’ He slides his hand down until he tangles his fingers with Cas’, feeling grounded in a way only Cas can achieve. ‘Claire and Kaia’re here.’ They start walking back towards the benches.
Dean pants, desperately trying to tug lungfuls of air into his system, his heart racing, as he watches Cas methodically unbuckle his belt. He pauses, looking down at himself before saying, "I'm not entirely sure how this is going to work." His voice is utterly wrecked.
“And when it took me this time, it knew you were the reason I had found my happiness.” It’s not an accusation, but it still lances through Dean’s chest like one. “I should never have made the deal to begin with but-”
Dean flinches, hating himself. Angry with himself for not accepting that sometimes some wounds just run too deep to ever fully heal. Especially when they’ve been poked at so recently. Even though it had been the shadow of the Empty, it had smelt like him, it’d felt like him, and it certainly spoke like him too. Suppose you don’t have to be an angel or a demon for a pissed off cosmic being to torture you with all your worst hits.
Cas knows this slow torture of pleasure. Of clever fingers brushing every little nerve ending until each and every one has ignited. How the secondary tremors flare through your body like the aftershocks of an earthquake, cresting one after the other, need and want and yes,
Dean can feel the tension seeping out of Cas’ shoulders, his back pressed flush against Dean’s front. His mind is a swirl of hormones and warmth; a million things he wants to do to the man in his arms. He settles on a gentle, open mouthed kiss to the patch of skin just behind Cas’ ear.
This is by far the worst idea Dean had ever had, and considering he'd sold his own soul and gone to hell, that is really saying something. After all, who goes trecking through ancient graveyards in a snow storm, chasing after a ghost who's cold spots were probably warmer than the air outside? Dumb people, that's who. And right now, Dean's very aware that he falls exclusively into that category.
And then Cas’ hands drop from Dean’s chest, make quick work of his belt and his buttons and his zipper, and then he yanks Dean’s pants down. His kisses trail down each nodule of Dean’s spine as his fingers dip down and sink into Dean’s already pliant and loose hole. Never in Dean’s life has he been more thankful to their early morning fucking. ‘Still so open for me,’ Cas whispers into his ear. Dean feels the blunt press of Cas’ cock against his entrance and braces himself against the bar, breath hitching, heart pounding. ‘Do you want to know the rest?’ Cas asks him as he pushes into Dean in quick, sweet motions.
There's a shimmer in the air and Dean feels clean and dry all of a sudden. Definitely some perks to sleeping with an angel. Cas leans in to Dean heavily, pressing his forehead into the crook of his neck. "I don't deserve your love," Cas whispers.
"Go," Cas says with a wave of his hand. "Do leadery things, Dean." But Dean doesn't shift from the side of his bed. "I'm fine," he adds, and wishes it were true.
He's back by Cas in a flash after that, kneeling down in front of him and pressing a tender kiss to his lips. The kiss speaks volumes more than what Dean might ever be able to form in to words. It tells tales of relief and sighs sonnets of love as he licks his way into Cas' mouth. He kneads his hands into Cas' thighs, and touches their foreheads together. The silence says, I can't loose you, not like that, not now, not ever, and Cas reaches out with his good hand and cards his fingers through Dean's short tresses. "I know," he whispers, because it's the truth. He always knows. To him, Dean Winchester is an open book, written in a language only he could ever hope to understand.
The angel presses a soft kiss to the pulse point jumping in Dean's neck. "Agree to disagree?" Cas asks, his hands slowly exploring down Dean's sides and back up his arms.
He collapses forwards on top of Dean, whose body is shaking violently, and can barely think to do a single thing else.
There's so much fear coming from the pair of them, that Cas can taste it on the air in their confined space. They're both so afraid to let good things happen.
Usually Cas would've made a smart remark, would've let filth drip from his mouth because that's what his other bedfellows have gotten off on. Instead he licked his way into Dean, opening him up with calculating fingers and the blunt sweep of tongue, until Dean was moaning Cas' name so loudly he almost drowned out the thunder.
Cas kisses him once more and says, "I know," with conviction, letting the weight of the world wash away down the drain in a swirl of bloodied water.
He licks upwards until he's enveloping Cas' cock in his mouth again, trailing his fingers down over Cas' entrance, which gives with little resistance. Frantic noises bubble from Cas' mouth as his hips stutter forwards and his legs tremble violently on either side of Dean. And he smirks cause
Dean pauses briefly, navigating through the tables, still trying not to drop several bags of peanuts and pretzels all across the floor. ‘Hmm?’ It takes several seconds to register what Cas had asked, then he’s looking over to the former angel, his face warming.
He expects Cas to contemplate the question, take a few minutes to mull it over. What he doesn't expect is the instant, forceful, 'Not in the slightest.' Dean's stomach flips again. 'I didn't turn my back on my family, Dean. I fell for it.'
Dean holds out his left hand which Cas takes with his right, fingers soft and warm. As he takes a step closer he lines up perfectly with the sun, golden yellow haloing around his dark tresses just to remind Dean of what the man before him once was: remind him of all he gave up for love. He squeezes Cas’ hand and Cas squeezes back. Right, Dean reminds himself for approximately the twelve-thousandth time: choosing Dean was never a difficult choice for Cas. God had tried, Death had tried, Purgatory, Heaven, Hell, and the oblivion of the Empty had had a shot too. And not a single damn one of them had ever managed to keep Cas from Dean.
Blunt nails scratched down Cas' spine, caught against half-healed scrapes and grazes. Cas' eyes rolled back in his head a little at the sensation and he retaliated by dragging his teeth across exposed collarbone, earlobe, jaw... biting down onto Dean's bottom lip so hard that he could taste the iron tang of blood.
Dean's not sure how they manage it, but suddenly he's got a lap full of Castiel, who's desperately pushing at the many layers covering Dean's body and quite frankly, Dean hates every last one of them. Cas' head keeps brushing the roof of the Impala but he doesn't seem to mind too much.
Cas tips his face towards him then, fingers still slowly carding through his hair as he angles Dean’s jaw until he slots their mouths together, tender and sweet. “You have me,” he whispers, right between Dean’s parted lips. “You’ve always had me.”
Cas’ face is oh so close, gazing down on him with such adoration something inside of Dean feels like it’s breaking. “That’s it,” Cas says, smiling brilliantly, like Dean’d just accomplished something monumental. “Perfect.” He starts peppering Dean’s face with kisses again, just light brushes of his lips and softly spoken words of praise as he begins to move his finger again, pumping and twisting gradually deeper.
Cas sucks Dean’s bottom lip between his teeth before asking what is possibly the hottest question known to man: “Do you think you’re ready for more?”
He regrets it instantly. 'Shit, Cas, I'm sorry. I know we don't - we've never said - shit. For a while I didn't even know if you remembered - I just always assumed she'd done something pretty bad cause you never spoke about it.'
Cas squeezes his eyes shut at the hot heat of Dean's ass enveloping him and sends a quick prayer of thanks to his drug habit for ensuring his champion stamina.
Sweat slides down the dip of his spine and he ruts back against Dean, just as Dean bites at his earlobe and says, "No. Want this. For me." Cas stills his own movements, but Dean doesn't notice. There are teeth scraping at his neck and a panted, "I'm showing you what I want."
- thinking he couldn’t have this, not ever. Yet here Cas is, wrapped around him, warm and vibrant with life, just pouring out his love like a river unable to be contained. Dean fists his hands into the hem of Cas’ shirt, pulls him closer and drinks him in. He can have this. They can have this.
‘I know you are. And I am so proud of you.’ He squeezes Dean’s shoulder, the first place he ever touched him. The last.
They’re barricaded in the dungeon and whatever it is riding Billie’s skin pounds a fist against the door, shaking dust from the ceiling.
He fists his hands into the sheets and whines when Dean circles his hole with the tip of his tongue before chasing it with the pad of his thumb.
"Dean?" And he knows it's useless, knows it's pointless. Knows there's no way to try and stem the blood flow. Knows there's no grace left in him to even try and piece Dean back together again.
there,” he finds himself saying, his voice sounding strange to his own ears, like they’re full of water.
Cas is in the middle of the room wearing a loose fitting pair of pyjama pants and stretching down to touch his toes. He catches sight of Dean through his legs and slowly rights himself, rolling his shoulders as he goes, making the anti-possession tattoo between his shoulder blades shift across his skin. Bruises and bite marks scatter his neck and there are a scratch marks trailing down Cas' upper arms and across his sides.
Cas drapes himself forwards, chest to Dean's back, and peppers kisses across Dean's shoulder blades, still thrusting into Dean in a steady rhythm that shows no sign of faltering just yet.
'You questioned though,' Dean says. 'You told me on that park bench after Samhain. You had doubts even then.' He hates how accusatory he sounds.
“We are,” he says, waving his spatula to the other pan where two fluffy pancakes are browning before turning his attention back to the sizzling pan of bacon directly in front of him. “Pancakes
Rain pelted against the windows as the storm grew a little louder, a little closer. The rumbles of thunder drowned out Cas' moans as Dean held him down, pinned him to the mattress with ease, and swirled his tongue over the head of Cas' cock. And when Cas bucked up into Dean's mouth he could feel the smirk ghosting along the hunter's lips.
When he returns to his room, Cas is but a mess of black hair and a single grumpy blue eye scowling out from under the covers. “That better be coffee,” he says, his voice all sleep rough and irritated.
"You should stay outta my head," Dean mumbles without any heat to the words. He nips at the soft skin of Cas' neck and is rewarded with another roll of the hips.
Cas scowls; a gasping memory of the screams of the Pit bolts through his mind. If his Grace were still his own, he feels sure he'd remember the way they tore at him. He stares at the blown black in Dean's eyes and his chest aches.
Cas pins him with a stern gaze and says, "I'm haemorrhaging stolen grace by the day. I reckon that might have something to do with it."
. “I’ve been a bad influence on you,” he says, putting the two mugs of steaming Joe on the side table. He slides back under the covers, his cold feet seeking out Cas’ warmth.
- to push you back into your traumas afterwards. You didn't deserve to see your brother taken by Lucifer and you certainly didn't deserve to be twisted and broken and turned into a demon. Meeting you, knowing you, and Sam, Bobby, Charlie, Kevin, your mother, has changed me. For the better, I like to think.'
Dean wants to know what Cas would look like, sound like, taste like, if he were to suck his cock. Wants to know the noises he would make, how tight he would feel, if he were to work Cas open with slicked up fingers - would he shudder and gasp and curse and beg?
Cas once held his bare soul in his hands, clutched it tight to his grace and saved him, and as his fingers trail patterns down Dean’s sides, card through his hair, stroke his neck and shoulders, Dean realises that he never
He looks down at his chest, like it would be possible to see beneath his skin and know. ‘Never really had cause to ask,’ he mutters to himself. ‘And no point in asking now because you’re just a part of my brain.’ Even so, his hand comes to his chest and he presses against his sternum wondering if he could possibly feel anything there.
Number one thousand was the most like Dean. His mannerisms were honed to almost perfection. He'd fought exactly the way Castiel would've expected.
He felt like collapsing forwards onto Dean. He was boneless and well fucked, and his legs shook with every tiny movement. Dean licked kisses against his own teeth marks on Cas' wrist and tangled his fingers into Cas' sweat drenched tresses. His eyes screwed up as Cas pulled out slowly and he whimpered when Cas ran a broad hand down Dean's side and chased it with soft kisses.
They sit side by side at the breakfast bar and Dean finds it incredibly difficult to keep his hands from Cas; a brush of hands when picking up their coffee mugs, the bumping of shoulders and the lingering squeeze of a knee. Something soft and warm curls up under Dean’s sternum, as he reminds himself once again that he can have this.
This time Cas gets a hand to him, cups his blood soaked hand to the side of Dean's face and it's a mocking callback to that crypt again. Except this time there's no tablet and no Naomi. No way to press his grace against Dean's skin and spark it through his veins to knit the blemishes back together.
So when Dean's lips press to his own, all Cas can think about is a sea of dead bodies that all looked like Dean. A part of his brain sparks him back to the fifty times he'd heard those lips say 'I love you' in a spray of blood. To the four not-Dean's that had tried this very act to reach him.
‘Almost,’ she says, and he can picture her face, the smile that only plays subtly on her lips but sets her eyes ablaze.
Cas pushes to his feet and extends his hand to Dean. 'For as long as you need,' Cas tells him. 'For as long as you want.'
Dean feels as though the air in the car's been sucked out. They don't talk about this. They never talk about this. "Why are you telling me this?" he asks, surprised to hear his voice sounding strong and unwavering.
Sam, of course, had chosen the last two days to get sick. Nose streaming more gunk than necessary, a violent hacking cough that sounded like his lungs were trying to make a bid for freedom, and an insanely high temperature had his little brother bundled up under all the blankets Dean could find in the motel with a bottle of pills, tins of soup and strict instructions only to get up to pee.
He downed another large mouthful of whiskey as Dean retaliated, his voice growing louder over a particularly ominous rumble of thunder. The dim lights in the cabin flickered and dust fell from the rafters.
Dean snatches up that errant hand and holds it tightly, tracing a thumb over the swell of Cas’ shaking palm. “I’m not going to say it was okay,” Dean says, eyes downcast. There’s a bubble of shame in his gut, something that’d not been there since that night, and he clutches Cas’ hand to stop the tremors that threaten to break him apart at the seams. “It was stupid. And selfish.”
The angle now changed, Dean drops his head back onto Cas' shoulder and rocks down harder still onto Cas' cock. And Cas gets the most beautiful view of Dean's slack jaw, his heavy-lidded eyes, the rivets of sweat trickling from his hairline. His face the utter picture of blissed out rapture.
'Saying "yes".' Dean doesn't know why he feels the need to say it now, but he knows it's now or never. 'Before - apocalypse before - you and Sam and Bobby, you all did so much to stop me. I was on board, I was ready. You guys, you stopped me from doing something...' and even though he knows he wants to say it, he doesn't quite know how to order it into a coherent stream. 'I'm just - I'm sorry. You gave up so much for us, especially then. And then I went and said it anyway.'
Consciousness returns slowly. There's a solid weight pressed against his back, a heavy arm thrown over his waist and warm breath on the nape of his neck. Dean smiles into his pillow and laces his fingers between Cas', holding their hands up to his heart.
He tightens his grip on his hips and sinks back down lower; a kiss over Cas’ heart, to the sensitive bit beneath his ribs, the soft skin below his navel, the juncture of groin and thigh, before finally,
A gentle kiss at the base of Dean's spine causes the hunter to shudder. Cas moves slowly, and with a measured level of caution. He still can't believe what Dean's asked him to do.
Something fiercely protective warms him, spreads from his chest down to his fingertips. ‘I’m glad, kid.’
Cas starts to kiss his way down Dean’s neck, sucks a bruise to the jut of his collarbone, keeps a tight grip on Dean’s hip. He presses reverent kisses to the anti-possession tattoo over his heart before rolling a nipple between his teeth. Dean feels Cas smirk against his skin as he shivers at the sensation.
Cas isn't quite sure what Dean's trying to tell him, considering he's pretty sure Dean is getting exactly what he wants anyway, so he just hums and nods, lets his eyes drop closed and half wishes Dean'd take a hint and make a lose fist around his cock. If he's gonna get off he's gonna need a bit more than this.
,” he moans, bucking his hips forwards. “Stop, man, stop. You’re gonna make me-” he huffs out a breath as Cas’ movements still. “You’re gonna make me come if you keep that up.”
Cas runs his fingers through Dean’s sweaty hair and starts placing open mouthed kisses across every freckle of Dean’s back - something he’s grown quite fond of doing. ‘Sorry,’ Cas whispers after a while. ‘I know you don’t like to clean up bodily fluids down here.’
He’s back working on the bar top, it just needs its finishing touches now. He’d salt washed it, and inlaid both silver and iron at strategic points. Old habits and all that.
Something broke inside Cas, and he surged forwards, bending down to press his lips to Dean's. He exhaled a sigh into Cas' mouth, ran broad hands up his thighs and drew Cas into him. There was no surprise in the way Dean kissed Cas back, no fear and no trepidation. Because of course they would wind up here, of course this was going to happen. It was always going to happen.
Dean tilts his head to the side and brings their mouths crashing back together, darting his tongue back in to Cas' mouth and tasting the birth of the universe behind his teeth. Dean ruts up, chasing the slow burn of friction, and groans in to Cas' mouth, "Pants off. Now."
But the problem with companionable silence is that it allows the mind to wander after a while, and Dean's brain becomes a mess of his father's teary eyes, his mother's shallow sobs, the empty look on Cas' face in that diner where he looked at him, his head tilted but not really seeing him. There'd only ever been one other time in his life when Cas had looked at him like that and it had felt like as much of a punch in the chest as it had back then.
He fiddles with his silver ring and watches as Gertie teaches Jo how to braid Bobbi’s hair. Little Sam and Little Cas are curled up beside Miracle, all three dozing on a blanket in front of the firepit that Kevin, Patience and Alex are working on stoking. Sam sinks down onto the picnic blanket beside him and nudges him with his elbow. ‘Ten years,’ he says quietly, eyes soft on Eileen as she chats away with Jody and Donna, her hand absently stroking the swell of her belly.
The angel swipes a thumb across the hard nub of Dean's nipple through his Henley and in spite of himself, Dean honest-to-God whimpers at the sensation burning through him. It felt good before, but now with Grace warming the core of him, it feels like the best high he's ever had.
And that’s it. Cas breaks. His laugh punches out of him until his nose scrunches up and he tips his head back. So fucking beautiful. “I don’t sound like that.”
There was once a time when Cas had threatened to throw Dean back into Hell if he hadn't been shown respect, and Dean had blanched at the mere suggestion. Back then Hell had been fresh and it had been easy to play on the memories. Cas would never had done it, would never have dared. Dean had been too important to the Plan, though he hadn't been informed as to why. And above all else, Dean had been too important to him.
Unbidden, a memory of his room in the bunker, holding out a cassette tape, their fingers barely touching. ‘It’s a gift. You keep those.’
She's covered in a fair amount of snow, but the fern he'd parked her beneath had held off the worst of it. Cas' car, on the other hand, had been left to the worst the elements had to offer and was completely covered by an inch of snow and counting. The wheels looked like they would only budge through the power of prayer.
His fingers scramble to the flesh of Cas’ forearms as pleasure sweeps through his gut and it’s embarrassing really, how quickly Cas has got him to this point. Because oh yeah, apparently Cas knows all about twisting his wrist just-so when he reaches the sensitive head of Dean’s cock.
- bed. Dean gazes down on him and can’t fight the smile that pulls on his lips. “What are you thinking?” Cas asks softly, dragging his hands up the broad planes of Dean’s back.
Dean thinks that sounds great, but he knows there’s no way sleep’ll come for him any time soon. His fingers itch to get behind the wheel of the Impala, he feels restless, stood here now, unmoving on the shores of the lake they had once burned Cas’ body. The shore where five minutes ago, God himself was finally reaped.
The flipping sensation is back in Dean's stomach, and he swallows it down thickly, his mind a mess of violent memory and soft desire to kiss, to claim, to love. but Michael gives a violent thump on the door in his brain and Dean swears he can hear the bastard's laughter.
"Dean, it's fine," Cas says, his fingers slipping in the blood trickling from the knife wound. But the wooziness intensifies and that's when he catches sight of the blue-white glow of grace slowly drifting out of his body.
He drops his grip on Cas' wrists, nuzzles back in to those delightful hip bones, relishing in the light pink marks that now pattern all over them and then Dean's taking Cas' cock back in his mouth and humming contentedly all the way down. He doesn't even flinch as he deep throats a couple of times before pulling back, swirling his tongue over the head and coming away with a pop. “Damnit Dean,” Cas bites out, til Dean's mouthing at Cas' balls and fisting his dick in a tight grip.
He tuts when Cas hisses, then without warning, his broad hands are on Cas' chest and back and he's popping the joint back in to place.
Another kiss, slightly lower than the last and he can feel the anticipation flaring through Dean's skin. Cas drops the next kiss even lower still and his bottom lip catches at the top of Dean's entrance and the hunter gives off an involuntary whine. Cas smirks - knows Dean feels it - and then darts his tongue forwards.
He cups his face, pulls him close and kisses him. Cas’ boots bump against Dean’s hip. ‘Hello, Dean,’ he says, voice still all gravel and silk.
Dean watches as a seemingly endless string of women and men stumble out of Cas' cabin throughout the early hours of the morning. They trickle out in pairs or groups, one girl leaves alone, spinning across the dirt track, the early morning mist swirling around her milky calves.
Dean can see the different colours of the fireworks glittering in Cas’ eyes. ‘I love you,’ he says once more and believes. Not in fate, not in destiny, not even in what their son is capable of really. No. Dean holds a soft kiss to Cas’ lips and believes in this: the man in his arms that threw away the might of heaven just for every single messy moment here on earth with Dean; the family they’d carved out around them, who join them here on this sandy lakefront each year to celebrate; that once upon a time an angel waged war on Hell to raise the soul of a man who had damned himself for the life of his brother and in doing that, the three of them were able to save the world.
As though prompted by the stray thought floating through his head, Cas' Grace pulses under his skin and he's drowning in memories that aren't his own. Memories of a thousand of himself dying by Cas' hands and the nerves, the
Neither moved, even though there was little over an inch between them, both balling their hands into fists, both trembling with rage, both readying to smack the other.
‘Yeah yeah,’ he grouses as he starts taking a couple coolers down the slight slope towards one of the picnic benches on the waterfront. ‘Technically am,’ he adds to himself with a resigned shake of the head.
Cas’ other hand comes to rest on the crown of Dean’s head and slowly, so very slowly, he begins to card his fingers through Dean’s hair. “It shouldn’t have been possible,” Cas says finally, his voice wrecked and barely more than a whisper.
