Here, kissing him, Cas was
When we finally do get back to the bunker, just as promised, the five of us all have a Rice Krispy Treat in the kitchen. Jack, pointing out the special green and blue sprinkles he dumped on top; beaming from ear to ear the entire time.
and you’re stuck with
Cas grunts in reply and heads inside, as the humans call it "making a beeline" towards the "hunk of an idiot" that his friend had mentioned earlier.
Dean gives his brother “the look.”
Castiel quickly found out that Dean was most intimate and vulnerable in the shroud of darkness, though he had yet to figure out why. His first guess was that Dean found comfort in the dark, a sense of backwards safety; which was ironic considering their whole job was fighting creatures who lurked in the dark.
Picking Morgan up bridal style, he carries her into her own room. Despite being a skilled hunter, she was one of the deepest sleepers he knew. (Besides Dean of course.) He tucks her in the same way she had previously done for Jack. At least this way she wouldn't wake up with a toddler’s foot to the face at 3 am.
He totally was though.
Dean nods at the cashier and pulls out his wallet, trading two dollars for the ice-cold soda. He pops off the cap, shoves it in his pocket, and chugs. After swallowing with a satisfying sound, Dean turns to see Cas holding an ice cream cone from a vendor a couple of stores down.
I decide to head back to my own house a little after lunch. (Okay, it was
“Did one of you use the last of the bread? I was planning on making sandwiches but you kinda need bread to make a sandwich.”
Sam, still sitting, looks around at the four of us in disbelief, “Really?! We just agree on food and now everyone is alright?
Cas makes a play out of lifting the covers high above his head and glancing to his crotch. “Not at the moment, no.”
Finally finished with his speech, in typical Winchester fashion, Dean finds the time to crack a joke. “You sound a little obsessed about us Sammy, judging how Cas and I are “acting all the time” now.” Dean puts the words in finger quotes, mocking his brother’s choice of words.
“Easy there tiger,” Dean smiles into the side of Cas’ neck, pressing a gentle kiss to the red spot that he had proudly made, “unfortunately, we
Dean rubs his hands together, hair still standing up in the back, “Okay… Let’s wrap this up. I'm hungry.” He leans down to the phone, still in the centre of the table, “We’ll talk to you soon, at the latest it will be Monday.”
“So I sent the boys a text,”  I continue, “and told them the news so they wouldn’t be waiting-”
Jack nods furiously, "Pwahmiss!"
. Like seriously do you two even know how painful that has gotten over the years?!” He throws his hands up in the air and chuckles.
“So…” Sam tries to start some conversation as he makes another pot, turning to me, “I overheard you last night.”
Dean’s lips are on his before Cas could even respond.
Dean stumbles over his words, something he would
“3 hours!” Dean exclaims, interrupting my story.
After about two seconds of deliberation, we finally decide to head to the Bigerson’s down the street from the bunker. Dean orders his usual bacon burger with steak fries, and much to his own disappointment, Cas orders a burger loaded with garlic and onions. (“There goes someone’s plans for later tonight,” I think to myself.)
When he finally speaks it comes out at about 4 octaves higher than normal. "That's fine Jack… Um,” He tries at clearing his throat, “your Dad and Papa are…" Sam turns to me with a silent "
Dean leans over and steals a lick. Wiping his mouth with a napkin he makes a face. "Is that...pineapple flavour? They make that?" He chuckles, taking another lick.
Momentarily, I almost forget that I’m anaemic in the first place. The warmth of the boys embracing me was something I hadn’t had in over a year.
too much.” His chin stubble scratching on my face as he spoke.
Despite my kind words, the toddler’s face drops, “What about you Morgie? Are you gonna get some?”
Instead of returning his half of the blanket that Cas had stolen, he decides to splay over Dean’s body like a starfish instead. "Better?"
Playfully, I stick out my tongue to the celestial being.
Dean and Cas had found themselves downtown, not actually at the local market for Sam’s toothpaste and Cas’ coffee beans. “It’s just a small detour,” Dean had reasoned, “I think Sam will be able to manage without toothpaste for an extra hour or two.”
“So,” Dean says, after our regular introductions. “How was the trip?” He wiggles his eyebrows at me, knowing how much I hated flying. (Which was ironic, coming from him.)
The boys. As I round a corner near the vending machines I let my mind wander.
A shadow passes over Dean’s eyes and for a moment Cas thinks he has pushed too far, but a second later Dean’s face explodes-- metaphorically… literally exploding is not a pleasurable feeling speaking from experience-- the corners of his eyes crinkle and immediately Cas knows his heart is lost. “Oh Cas,” Dean smirks, eyes already on his lips, “you never have to ask me, you sap.”
They had fallen asleep intertwined. Jack’s laying on Morgan's chest; his chubby fingers wrapped around her own. Gingerly he pulls the book from
Cas sits in his chair and Dean slowly comes around to the ones in front of his desk and sits. Neither of them say anything immediately, but the stench of blood is really getting to Dean and he’s starting to feel sick. He’s blaming it on the hormones. Smells have started bothering him recently, and the one place that has been perfect is here. Cas’ scent mixed with the plants, it’s perfect. But now it’s getting tainted with that blood and the lingering scent of fear from that alpha and it’s twisting his stomach. He puts a hand on his stomach.
“Dean,” Cas says, squeezing his arm, “look at me, please.” Cas cups Dean’s face and gently turns his head. “You have to know, deep down, you must know you’ve been fighting against something that you didn’t want to win against. Not truly.”
"Hey," Dean's voice is stern, demanding him to look up, but he refuses. He's too ashamed. He barely knows Dean and he has a breakdown right in front of him. There’s no way he’s gonna want to keep seeing him now. Dean's other hand comes up and sandwiches Castiel's hand flat between his, blocking his view of the fresh cuts. "Look at me, Cas."
When Dean pulls back, Castiel tries to follow him, making a discontented noise. A small chuckle sounds from the man beneath him and Castiel’s eyes flutter open to see Dean leaning in, planting a quick kiss again before leaning back to meet his eyes. Castiel is breathing a little heavier than before and he feels he should be embarrassed about how easily he’s getting worked up, but with the look Dean’s giving him he can’t find it in himself to care. His pupils are blown wide, only little slivers of green are showing. His breathing is heavier, matching Castiel’s, and his lips are pink and kiss swollen.
He sits there for a moment, debating. Should he answer his brother or make him wait?
Castiel smiles and takes the proffered hand. “I’m Castiel, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Sam. I wanted to thank you for looking me over the other day."
Dean smiles back at him stepping out of the trailer. "You too, Cas."
Cas can't deny that from the moment he met Dean, he felt his heart skip a beat. Not because he loved him or even that he wanted to get into a relationship with him, but because Dean is the most beautiful man he's ever seen, and Cas still thinks that; even more so now.
After some time, something in Cas' pocket beeps at him. He retrieves it and glances at the screen before looking up to meet Dean's curious stare. "Would you like to see the hair and makeup trailer?"
· 48 minutes ago
Cas nods and walks into the closet. Dean scans the room, unsure of what to do. Should he leave? Should he stay? He glances down and pinches the pj bottoms. He should probably change out of Cas’ pants, right? But he doesn’t really want to. Wait a minute. Dean twists himself and tries to look at his tail.Cas nods and walks into the closet. Dean scans the room, unsure of what to do. Should he leave? Should he stay? He glances down and pinches the pajama bottoms. He should probably change out of Cas’ pants, right? But he doesn’t really want to. Wait a minute. Dean twists himself and tries to look at his tail. There's a slit cut for it to fit through. Cas cut a hole in his pants so Dean would be able to wear them. Something flutters in his stomach and he frowns at himself. This bond is going to take some getting used to. For now, his emotions are going to be all over the place.
Today, however, Dean it’s rather quiet. A fidgety beta man came up and is now in Cas’ office. Dean is thinking about leaving the penthouse to get out, feeling suffocated, when he hears a gunshot and a man howling in pain. The scent of blood fills the air and Dean stiffens, head snapping to the office.
Chapter Title: Runnin by Adam Lambert
Dean takes his hand and stands, leaving the room with him. They walk to the living room and a moment later there’s the doorbell ring and the elevator opens. A couple of women in maid uniforms come in and looks around.
Chapter Title: Suspicious Minds by Elvis
Alright, Dean thinks, that wasn’t his finest moment, but he corrected himself and stopped.
"Yes, dear brother of mine?"
Sam groans and rolls his eyes to Gabriel. "It was a long time ago."
Right on cue, the pipes in the ceiling start to rattle. Dean can hear the distant hum of the shower coming to life. Cas tilts his head.
. Dean narrows his eyes.
Dean’s face cracks into a grin.
” Dean bites out, teeth gritted. He tips his head down and stares blankly at Baby’s engine, trying to remember if there’s anything that needs putting back before he leaves or whether he can head straight upstairs to lick his wounds. Jesus, Sam’s on his way to a hunt right now and this is what Dean gets as a consolation prize: high blood pressure and a babysitter.
“It’s corny,” Dean says, prodding him in the ribs. “It’s
“Yeah, my card’s still working. I was gonna grab some groceries, you and Cas want anything?”
“Dean—”
And it’s a good thing he did, since Dean lived up to expectations. Castiel knows him, and knows him better than most—he knows Dean’s defining quality, above all else, is breaking his word. He knew, so he adapted. That’s all.
“Oh, shit,” Dean says.
The lump of comforter next to him makes a muffled, disgruntled sound. Dean scowls at it.
“All right!” Dean interrupts. “Okay, Jesus. I get it.”
Sammy,” he crows, clapping him on the shoulder. “Who is she?”
“Pretty eager for a chick who’s just a friend, Sam,” he says lightly, knocking back the last of his coffee. Sam scowls, right on cue.
“Yeah, well,” he mutters thickly. “I am.”
“Why couldn’t you just stay put ‘til I got there, huh?” he mutters, staring at the whorls of dirt circling the drain. Then he bites his tongue, hard, and squeezes his eyes shut.
“That’s your guilty voice,” Dean insists. “Was it the car? ‘Cause I’ll forgive you for anything but the car.” He leans back in his chair, considering. “Or the coffee maker.”
He hangs up, turns his phone off, shoves it deep into his pocket—and then he tips his head back, eyes closed and breathing hard.
“Sleep well, Dean,” Cas murmurs.
Dean kind of wants to bitch at him for that. He would, normally, on any other day of the year—but Sam looks haggard, tired, and kinda small, for a grown man who’s been over six feet tall since high school.
“Yes,” Cas agrees. His fingers keep carding through Dean’s hair. Then he adds, soft and low: “it’s good to see you, Dean.”
and deep down, in the place where Dean shoves all his dumbest, stupidest thoughts,
“The hell…?” Dean mutters.
It’s been a rough few weeks and a brutal goddamn slog, but he’s done with libraries and occultism for now. He’s traded them in for a new problem: one that sucks, objectively speaking, more ass than libraries and occultism ever have or will.
“You…” he swallows. “You’re—”
“Check,” Dean says thickly. He reaches for the next card.
“No, I get it,” Dean insists. “All the crap that’s gone down this year, you guys wanna, y’know. Take things slow. I get that.”
Dean stares at him. He opens his mouth, then closes it.
“You’re looking better,” Cas murmurs against his mouth.
“Yeah, well, I don’t want help,” he retorts, shrugging away from Cas's touch, “I want both of you to stop treating me like I’m some dumb kid, and I wanna go back to doing my job, all right? That’s it.”
Cas doesn’t say anything. His hand is hovering near Dean’s jaw now, his thumb darting furtively from his cheekbone down to his chin like he can’t decide where to touch. Dean’s chest feels like it’s humming; there’s something alive skittering around inside it, trying to say shit to him that he doesn’t understand.
Cas’s fingers are still stroking through his hair, hitting all the right places. Dean shuts his eyes with a slow, shuddering breath. He’s abruptly glad that the lights are out. At least Cas can’t see his face.
“Hey,” he says. “Sam.”
“Any survivors?”
“Excuse me?”
“Good things do happen, Dean,” Cas murmurs.
“Anyway. The cow thing.” Dean shakes some grounds out of the bag. “Get this—three per month, every month, all year, all in the same zip code—”
There’s no response.
. It’s tugged down over one shoulder. Dean reaches out and pulls it back up, swiping his thumb over Cas’s exposed collarbone as he does—it’d be easy to sling one thigh over Cas’s lap and settle there, easy to push him onto the sheets and doze with his head on Cas’s chest. Maybe he could steal back some of the body heat he’s been hoarding all night.
, glowing warmly from the inside out thanks to the lingering taste of spiced rum. “Just another angel perk, huh?”
“I should, uh…”
“No buts,” Cas says. “He’s happy, I think. He’s doing well.” His hand slips to Dean’s shoulder, squeezing lightly, only once, before he smooths out a wrinkle in Dean’s shirt with his thumb. “You should sleep, Dean.”
He’s suddenly aware of a hundred small sounds. A dripping pipe from behind the wall, the heater’s whine, muffled voices and a door slamming somewhere outside. His ears are ringing. Cas steps closer and frowns, tilts his head the particular way Dean’s seen a thousand times over; he can’t watch that, so his eyes dart to the threadbare carpet. He wants to clench his fists but his hands… his hands aren’t—
“Dean.”
Cas pulls back to watch him, his eyes tracing Dean’s face. They don’t move anywhere else. The reality of what he’s offering jumps out between the lines and smacks into Dean like a speeding train.
“Dean,” Cas says. He reaches out like it’s no big deal, brow furrowed, brushing his thumb over Dean’s cheekbone. Dean lets out a strange, shuddering breath that feels too big for his lungs. “Are you hurt?”
Cas glances up.
“Yes. I’m not an idiot.”
“Dude,” he says. “You’re the one who—”
Cas is a quick learner. He has a petty competitive streak a mile wide and a pretty decent poker face, except for when he frowns. He is also, to Dean’s surprise, a dirty, card-counting cheat.
Dean’s initial feeling is a bright, giddy rush of adrenaline. His second is shock. The third feeling, slamming into his chest like a gunshot, is also shock.
Dude, you’re never gonna—”
“Two and a half,” Dean protests. "Come on—”
The knot in Dean’s chest loosens by an inch.
“Sammy—”
“Look, just lay it on me,” he says. “Whatever you gotta say, man, just say it. Get it out.”
“Dean?”
“For what?”
“They found the witch yet?” Dean asks, wiping his hands off with the paper towel and chucking it in the trash.
“There goes all the hot water,” Dean murmurs, stretching both arms up over his head. His back twinges right in the center, where the dressing is wrapped around his ribs. Dean winces with a grimace—and in the same instant, two fingers press gently under his jaw, tilting his chin up. The pain slips away into nothing.
“Better than nothing, right?”
“And you get yourself
“Come on, man. Jack brought you back, you brought me back, no point thinking about what-ifs—”
Dean exhales. He stays where he is, eyes closed.
Yeah, Dean decides, yawning into his pillow. Not too shabby. Not bad at all.
“They’re demolishing the house,” he blurts out. “We’ve gotta figure something out, Cas, or that thing’s gonna—”
and the only thing stopping his knees from hitting the concrete is Cas’s sudden grip on his forearms, tugging him upright.
Sam’s eyes flick up to meet his, flat and surly.
“I always liked playing one on one,” he admits, picking his thumbnail. “Never got the hang of group games, that was Sam’s thing. Smug sonofabitch won us tickets to an Ozzy concert once.”
“Yeah,” he says thickly. “Exactly.”
Dean swallows. Cas reaches out to touch his shoulder, his thumb stroking slow circles on his shirt sleeve; Dean tries to focus on that, on the heat emanating from it, but it’s hard when his whole body is thrumming with static.
“Dean,” Cas says, cutting him off for the billionth time in ten minutes, and his voice finally has enough bite to make Dean’s mouth snap shut.
. Take the bullet and go. Sometimes he wonders if he has an unfair advantage—selling your soul while your baby brother rots in a motel room down the road, that’s sort of a head start in this kind of thing. If he ever hesitated before, he hasn’t since. You need someone to jump into hell headfirst, then walk out in front of an eighteen wheeler, all on the vague premise of getting something back in return—Dean’s your guy. Even when he knows the results won’t justify the means, he’ll do it anyway. It's the closest thing he’s got to a guarantee.
Dean clears his throat, struggling upright and away from Cas’s lap.
“What?”
his dad used to say, glancing at Dean’s reflection in the rearview—which was Dean’s cue to recite back,
“I know.”
“You stupid,” Dean shouts, “idiotic, moronic,
The room’s cramped. There’s a heater wheezing in the corner and a fluorescent light which flickers dully when Dean tugs the cord. The sheets are white. Or… okay, they
Cas frowns at him.
cheerily emblazoned on top in pink frosting. (Sam hadn’t found the cake thing funny. Dean’s already sent Claire a thank you note.) His point is: the past two weeks have been a helluva lot easier than getting sutured up in a motel bathroom and spending the next thousand miles grimacing in silence, and they’ve definitely not been hard, but Dean kinda wants someone to throw a punch at him, just to prove he isn’t dreaming. He wants something to go wrong.
Dean goes still, midway through tossing a green chip towards the pot.
Later, Dean decides, he’s gonna pick those words apart until he figures out what’s going on underneath. For now Cas has boxed him against the door and he's fixing him with that intent, unwavering look, the one that says,
“Now, if I was trying to hustle you,” he says, “this is where I’d start.”
, jackass, why the hell are you askin’ me? I should be…”
The space between Lawrence and here is heavy. Dean’s life, despite his best efforts, is one big knot, held together with twine and packing tape; move any part of it, no matter how small, and you move all of it.
“I can’t help it, Dean. It happens automatically.”
He feels hot and itchy all over. Cas stays quiet, tracking Dean’s movements with an unreadable look on his face. It makes the itching worse.
“You don’t need to be,” Cas says. Dean pulls away so he can scrub his eyes with the palm of his hand, before Cas can see them.
The ceiling light buzzes dully. It’s way too bright for four in the morning. Dean makes a low, frustrated noise, stretching his legs under the table, his jaw clicking around a yawn—and as he does, something rustles in the doorway. The lights sputter out.
“What?” Sam blinks, startled. “Nothing. Listen—”
“Understood,” Dean mutters.
“It had already fed,” Cas deduces. His thumb dips lower, circling Dean’s collarbone. Want skitters around in Dean’s chest; he keeps his cool, doesn’t lean into it, but it’s a close thing. Real close.
Pain in my ass angel of Thursday.”
There’s a sigh from behind him, followed by the familiar flick of someone opening a magazine. If Sam were here he’d be giving him one of those patented wrinkled-nose glares, probably a reproachful lecture involving the words
“Hello, Sam,” Cas offers, like a traitor.
“Sam and the kid, they’re gonna find out.” Dean swallows. “Or… figure it out, and we’ll have to—and I’m, you know, I’m not. I won’t be...”
His thumbs are stroking Dean’s cheekbones. Dean swallows.
“I'll take freedom without wings over being under someone’s thumb,” Cas says honestly, meeting his eyes. “Always.”
Dean’s not really sure what went down in the barn. His memory doesn’t have much to offer other than brief, muddy flashes. Sam doesn’t talk about it and Dean knows better than to ask. He remembers something digging into his spine and thinking with shocked, detached clarity,
There’s heavy rain coming down outside. Dean can hear it thudding on the bunker’s main door when he kicks a chair out from the library table and flops into it, coffee in tow. He takes a swig too fast, grimaces when it burns his tongue, but keeps drinking anyway. He’s gonna need the caffeine boost if he wants to keep Sam fooled.
No more rum before bed, he decides hazily. No more rum, ever, actually. Rum always does him dirty. Dean squirms, trying to get his bearings: ten fingers, ten toes, all accounted for. One leg on the couch, and one dangling off it. His back hurts like a bitch, but that’s probably what he deserves for pulling stunts like this past forty. Sam’s in the room, somewhere—he can hear him breathing and feel his stare. The back of his neck prickles.
It's surreal watching someone want him this much. Reassuring, actually, ‘til the gravity of it kicks in: they’ve spent nearly two months apart, a decade in each other’s pockets, and in that time Cas has apparently decided that Dean is worth something. All those times he’s caught Cas looking at him, there’s a chance—a good one—that he was thinking about this. He’s seen Dean drunk and hungover and fast asleep; with black eyes, with zits, with razor burn on his chin, and none of that has dissuaded him from doing this. Even if it did, he’s doing it anyway.
Dean clears his throat. He shrugs off Cas’s hand, glancing back at the messy spread of research notes on the table.
“Are they gonna—”
Dean frowns.
“Dean." There it is again: that voice, filled with the sure certainty of someone who’s seen Dean’s soul, held it in his hands, and still stuck around afterwards. Warning, reproachful, and undeniably fond. “What did you do—”
“Does this look like a pattern?”
Cas’s eyes land on his. Dean meets his gaze automatically, fingers twitching by his sides. He realizes, with a sudden, sickening rush of clarity, that he’s waiting for Cas to follow him.
“It’s Sam,” he says, on autopilot. “And… uh. Eileen?”
Dean breathes out, relaxing a little. No divine wrath, then. False alarm.
“That’s exactly what Sam said.”
Dean wrinkles his nose.
Sam pauses, his smoothie halfway to his mouth. He stares at the map being brandished under his nose.
“Yes,” he agrees. “I’m… borrowing it. As I said.”
He lifts his head just in time to see Cas glance at the bed the body was on. Dean finds himself grabbing his arm without thinking about it, pulling him back before he can take a full step away.
“How kind of me,” Cas says dryly.
“Look, you said you were gonna,” Dean interrupts, shrugging, “so… y’know. You should. Don’t leave 'em hanging.”
“Eh,” Dean grunts, heaving himself down onto the couch. “Sorta.”
“He’s not alone,” Cas points out. Thunder rumbles in the distance, far above their heads.
He doesn’t know how the hell he managed it, looking back from the other side: two months in a reality without Cas in his orbit, a lifetime of the same emptiness stretched ahead of him. Dread rises so suddenly that Dean feels dizzy. He knocks his forehead on Cas’s chest again so he can breathe him in, folding his arms around his neck—Cas hesitates, just long enough for Dean to worry he’s crossed a line, before he feels fingers start carding through his hair.
“I thought you’d be asleep. It’s very late.” Cas pauses, contemplative. “Or early. I’m never sure which one is appropriate.”
“Fuck,” Dean mutters.
Three days later, Sam phones ahead when he’s five hours out. Dean almost misses the call, his head pillowed on Cas’s lap and the rest of his body sprawled over the couch, gesticulating wildly as Cas scowls down at him—
“Night,” Dean croaks, with the hoarseness of someone who just downed half a bottle of scotch in one pull. Cas disappears. The lights flicker back on.
Dean swigs the last of his coffee, nodding to himself. Yeah, that tracks. It’s been three months, give or take, since Jack globally reset the router, and he’s been waiting for Sam to get his ass in gear since the moment he got that text a few weeks ago, the one that had him freeze up in the middle of their Alien marathon and haul his ass out the room like someone lit a fire under it.
“Come upstairs,” Cas tells him. It’s not a question.
“How the hell did I miss this?” he growls, slamming the hood shut. There’s a sigh from behind him, then a rustle. He’d bet the last ten bucks in his wallet Cas just crossed his arms.
“I don’t like your tone,” he mutters.
“Dean,” Cas interrupts. The line of his mouth has softened, exasperated but fond. “Do you really think that’s why I’m here?”
He’s too tired to weed the petulance out. Cas’s wry smile sends a bolt of warmth through his whole body, sinking right down to his toes; Dean can’t look at it for too long, so his gaze drops to Cas’s chest instead.
Later that night, once the rain’s given way to a storm, Dean heats up the leftover pizza that’s been taking up space in the fridge and eats it over some paper towel at the kitchen table, drumming a beat on his thigh and listening to Cas give a crash course on Imperial Amaraic as thunder rolls in.
“I think we should stick to one death between us per year,” Sam says. He sounds riled, like he’s pinching the bridge of his nose. “Dean, just listen to me—”
The corners of Cas’s mouth tilt up.
“Dean,” Sam warns.
“So… what, your mojo’s the only thing keeping me in one piece?”
Dean stares at him, taking in the outline of Cas’s body as he swallows around the lump in his throat. Even here, in a dark kitchen, Cas’s eyes glint with something he can’t parse. His coat is rumpled and his hair’s a mess, the way Dean remembers from those early days; he’s probably all ruffled because he flew here. Now he’s flying out again, the same way he always does. Some things never change.
With any luck, their big blowout fight will happen tonight. They can get it out the way while he still feels like crap, everybody can air their grievances, yell some shit they’re not proud of, then retreat to lick their wounds ‘til morning. Twelve hours from now they’ll be on the road back to Kansas. He won’t have to think about it.
“I said I
He turns his head without lifting it 'til his nose bumps Cas’s collarbone. Here, in the warm hollow between Cas’s shoulder and his throat, it feels safe enough to keep his eyes closed. His lips graze the soft skin there briefly, unintentional; but if Cas minds, he doesn’t show it. He just sets his free hand in Dean’s hair—slow, almost, like it’s an experiment—and starts carding his fingers through it. Dean shudders, clawing at the front of Cas’s shirt and twisting it up in his fists. His eyes are stinging. His face feels over-hot.
“You’ll have a partner?” Dean interrupts, pausing midstep. Sam’s sigh crackles down the phone line.
“Early if you get up, late if you stay up.” Dean reaches his arms over his head, rolling his shoulders ‘til he hears them click. “That make sense?”
Jesus, he’s been around… what, five minutes? And Dean’s already found a way to ruin things. He scrubs his face with the back of his hand, suddenly exhausted.
resting. This is me resting, Cas, I don’t know how much more goddamn restful I can get unless I lay down and die—”
The coffee pot clicks. Dean shuffles through the sheaf of papers he’s holding, frowning at them: the article printouts he’s been going square-eyed over, the map of Arizona he sketched himself. The
“I know what you said,” Cas says, stepping closer ‘til he’s directly in Dean’s orbit. He’s dressed old school tonight: trench, wrinkled slacks, white collared shirt and tie. First time he’d stayed over, Dean had talked him into borrowing some sweats and an old Black Sabbath shirt, but he hasn’t seen either of them since. Cas just keeps showing up like this, all suited up like he’s ready to stop an apocalypse. He’s even got his tie on backwards.
Cas looks up from his hand.
He smacks the keyboard, tapping the power button again and again with his other hand. Sam’s stupid, know-it-all voice rings forebodingly in his ear:
“S’the time?” Dean mumbles.
“Dean, you literally died.” Sam puts his juice down so he can massage his temples. “Like… two weeks ago.”
“Dean,” Cas murmurs against his mouth. “I mean it. Thank you.”
He tips his head back to the stained ceiling, eyes squeezed shut.
“Sure it does, Rain Man.” Dean’s still sorta laughing; not drunk, just
Cas inclines his head.
“The process isn’t dissimilar to stitches,” Cas says, eventually. “I did what I could, but injuries like this have ties to the soul, not just the body. What remains needs to be healed by you. My grace is… filling in the gaps, so to speak, to make that process easier.”
,” he groans, muffled into a throw pillow. “Jesus.”
“I’d be angry.” Dean lifts his chin defiantly to meet Cas’s eyes head on. “There. That make you feel better? Hell, I
You wanna know how hard it is to interpret occult symbolism single handedly? When you can’t even ask your Wikipedia freak of a brother for help? Yeah, hard. Stupid hard. Whatever gene Sam has that makes him crave the experience of cramming himself into a library booth for sixteen hours at a time, Dean does not have it. He has whatever the opposite of that is.
“Woah, woah, woah,” Dean says, scrambling backwards against the couch cushions. “Listen, in my defense—we were—”
The bunker doesn’t have many windows. Sam, periodically, seems to have conniptions over this, and buys crap like vitamin tablets and sun lamps to clutter the surfaces with—but Dean, blessed with the all-encompassing wisdom of being the oldest, knows good luck when he sees it. The bunker’s lack of natural light makes it the best place on earth to survive a hangover in. Hands down.
“Quit sneaking up on me,” he murmurs.
In the end, he tracked it to the basement of an Illinois church.
—but then a key card gets slapped down on the counter next to his crumpled receipt, and the woman behind the desk pops her gum for a final time, eyeing him as she leans back in her creaking office chair.
“Okay.”
At first, he tries to figure out—through the weird shoulder touching or the unreadable expression on Cas’s face—whether he said that out of interest or pity, but if Cas feels sorry for him, he doesn’t let it show. He just meets Dean’s eyes and holds his gaze, steady and expectant.
The world hasn’t ended. That isn’t to say it won’t try again. They're staring down the barrel of a nine hour drive and whatever sleep Dean scrapes together tonight won’t be enough to make it easy—but he lays down on his side of the worn mattress without a fight, exhaustion creeping into him the second his head hits the pillow. The bed creaks when Cas settles on it. Dean drags his eyes open so he can look at him, face to face in the dark. Before he can chicken out, he hooks one ankle over Cas’s calf and tugs. Cas looks tired, too. He’s got circles under his eyes, dark enough that Dean could trace them with the pad of his thumb. That’s all right. He figures they’ve both earned some downtime.
“Dean,” Cas says gently. Dean shakes his head. He retreats a few steps, stumbling, ‘til his back thuds against the bathroom door.
The ceiling pipes rattle again. They’ll make even more of a racket in the kitchen. One of Sam’s godawful plucky-acoustic playlists is echoing faintly through the walls, and it’s gonna burrow into Dean’s brain for the next half hour, guaranteed—he’s gonna make a coffee and drink it slowly, leaning against the countertop, and at least half the cup is gonna end up stolen by the same thief who hogged his sheets. Cas thumbs the corner of his mouth. Dean leans into his palm and grins, eyes closed.
“You,” he starts, scrubbing his eyes with the palm of his hand. “You’ve gotta check in upstairs now, right? That was the plan.”
Despite the rain, Sam’s true to his word—gone within the hour, headed out in a Jeep from the garage’s car stash that vaguely reminds Dean of the ones in Jurassic Park. Dean doesn’t wave him off, since he’s not a lonely widow or a woman over sixty, but he does make himself another coffee and lean back against the war room table, trying to ignore the silence and the ache in his back.
“No, it’s good,” he insists, and he actually sorta means it. “I’m glad you’re helping call the shots up there, man. Seriously. Makes me think we stand a chance of getting it right this time.”
“Yeah,” he mutters. “Look, lemme finish up, then I’ll—”
Cas glances at him. He smiles, soft and kinda dopey, honestly, like he’s seen something good on Dean’s face. It’s one of the ones he picked up somewhere during his stints of being human. Dean wants to know what made him smile like that the first time, so he can track it down and give it to him again. He shuts his eyes for a second—and he’s hazy on the details of
The corners of Cas’s lips quirk.
“Just… do what you need to do,” Dean mutters, shoving his hands in his pockets and keeping his eyes fixed on the library’s scuffed floorboards. Cas doesn't say anything. A brief rustle cuts the silence, like a breeze rippling through leaves.
In the end, from what Dean can tell, the two of them get half a page of something translated between them. Cas scrawls a curved, claw-like alphabet on a series of post-its before sending Sam a photo of each letter, and Dean finds himself oddly captivated by it: the smooth, deft movements of his hand, the way he never hesitates. It’s the perfect distraction right up until he hears Cas say quietly, “I understand. Be careful, both of you,” and end the call.
Awful Russian Translations (A.R.T.s) are in the end notes!! But they are also in hover text (click if on mobile)!
"Right," Gabriel nods leaning back. "Okay, if we're doing this, we are going to need a team name. I vote Tem Emotional Laxative." Sam can't help but huff a small laugh and Charlie grins widely. "I take that as we're all in favor. Team Emotional Laxative is a go! Death to emotional constipation!"
львенок. - baby lion.
“Castiel,” Michael says, ignoring Gabriel and turning around. He leans against the counter. Castiel’s stomach flips and he looks at his brother. Michael doesn’t speak right away, and that makes it worse. That means he’s trying to think of a way to say this without hurting Castiel’s feelings. It’s something he used to do when Castiel first went to therapy.
Sam’s eyes widen in realization that Dean most likely went overboard for his birthday again. “Dean, how many times do I have to tell you that you don’t have to make a huge deal for my birthday? You can use that money for-”
"It will also be your last chance to back out."
"In that case, make it a large and throw in a blueberry muffin." Castiel looks down from the menu to see Gabriel pouting again but still putting it in. Castiel bites his lip to hide his smile.
He is not supposed to think of Cas that way when the man let him stay in his house out of The kindness of his heart, and Dean just jacked off to the thought of him. What the hell is wrong with him?!
A smirk spreads itself across Dean’s lips as he stands up following Sam into the kitchen to throw his own container away. “Oh Sammy, you have it bad.” He chuckles.
“I’m not getting rid of him,” Dean growls, showing his fangs a bit. Mob boss or not, Dean will fight him if he has to.
So, of course Castiel would live up where only birds should be.
He only looks up when he hears quiet giggling. Yes, giggling. His head snaps up to see his older brother's head bowed and his shoulders shaking. Michael Novak is
Charlie picks up her desk, not missing a beat while saying, “On it.” and pulls it back in place.
“How do you know him?” Cas asks, more gently.
Misha makes his way towards Matt and pushes into this office. Matt sighs closing the door behind them. “After what you did on the last mission I had the mind to fire you, Misha, so don’t go acting all high and mighty.”
“Sounds good to me.” Dean gathers all his wrappers and throws them in the garbage. “I’m gonna head over to Sam’s in a minute. I wanna see what he and Gabriel have on Alistair.”
Those stunning green eyes slide to his phone’s screen. “That’s an hour away.” He looks up through his lashes at him. “You really wanna leave so early? The campus isn’t far from here and I can give you a ride.”
Sam looks at him with pleading eyes. “Then tell me,” Sam grabs his arms gently, ears flattening. “You need to talk to someone about it. Even if you think I didn’t let it happen, I didn’t try to stop it. I didn’t choose to see what he was doing to you.”
"You have really pretty eyes." Castiel blurts.
Yes, Dean met Cas before and that could have just been Cas' look of recognition, but something tells Sam that wasn't it. Plus, the look Dean has right now isn't something he has very often. Sam may not know Cas well enough to deduce a conclusion, but Sam is a Dean expert, and that look Dean has on right now. That's something he's only seen a few times. Granted this look is more guarded and it's giving Sam the 'emotionally constipated' vibe that Dean seems to exude, but it's still there.
Dean thinks the question over carefully in his head. He knows this line well. It was a turning point for Misha.
"Cas, what d-" But Dean doesn't get to finish what he was about to say before Gabriel comes back and interrupting Dean.
“That was one time, Dean, let it go.” Dean can hear the eyeroll in his words. “I got you cake instead, okay. It’s practically the same thing.”
“Why should I? You stalk him. You just admit you know everything about him, and he doesn’t even know you exist.” He shrugs, “You’re a stalker.”
Sam narrows his eyes knowing there is a 'but' coming. "But?"
Once all his things are packed and ready to go, Dean leaves his room and practically hops down the steps, shouting over his shoulder to his brother as he runs and grabs the tickets. “Hurry it up, Sam! The Winchester express is going to be on route in five!”
“You seem to have quite an opinion on the matter,” Luke observes, leaving his speculation hanging for Dean to fill in, which he does.
“Hey,” Dean gives a mock hurt look. “it was a long time ago.” They all grab their plates and make their way into the dining room taking their seats.
First, I'm shit at summaries, so if you're here after reading that, thank you xD
Sam stumbles forward a bit from the hit, but he catches himself before he can fall flat on his face and bust up his nose. Straightening himself out he gives a small nod. "Alright."
"He was broken up about it for weeks." Dean adds and Sam kicks his shin under the table. Dean scrunches his brows together mouthing 'ow' to his brother.
"Yeah," Dean points to the one right in front of them. "Warehouse 13."
"Hello, Dean." Cas' voice interrupts his thoughts, as if on queue.
"What? Dean, no way."
Dean nods. "Don't get me wrong, I'd love to meet Jess, but damn those tickets are fucking expensive."
Gabriel makes his way around, and so far nobody got the last one correct all the way, but he hasn't told them to leave the stage just in case nobody gets it right and they have to do a different question. But when Gabriel gets to Dean, he looks over his answers and his eyes widen slightly looking rather impressed. Gabriel holds the mic behind his back so it won't catch his voice as he hands Dean back his paper.
There's a pleasant quiet between them for a little while, neither wanting to say anything and both of them are simply enjoying the moment for what it is. Dean is the one to break the peace by mumbling, “Sorry about biting you.”
“You don’t need to give me your food, Dean.”
Matt grubles and sits at his desk, fixing Misha with a stern glare. “Misha, the only reason you are getting another mission is because this one is so dangerous you are the only one I trust to get it done right without dying.”
Dean smiles and the butterflies in his stomach stir. “Cooking is the one thing I’m really good at. Someone had to keep this sasquatch fed.”
“You’re different.”
“What are you trying to get him into, Gabriel?”
Dean takes that and runs with it, a smile tugging at his lips. "She flirt with you too?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean claps his hands together with a smile. “Well, in that case, how about we get started making dinner.” Cas looks up with a smile and nods.
Dean narrows his eyes not liking that smirk. “I know what you’re thinking, Charlie, so stop it now.”
Gabriel scrunches up his face. “More papers?”
Dean lights up, probably too much, but he can't bring himself to care. "Really? I was actually just heading out to grab my brother and me some food too."
"I wanted to get my stab wound checked out, or did you forget I was stabbed?" Dean growls, a little peeved that Cas is trying to command him. It doesn’t matter if this is how Cas is used to getting information. Dean doesn’t respond well to commands from alphas he barely knows.
Dean nods. “I know right?”
“Trust me, I don’t know if I could ever forget the power he has. The way the Bratva act when he’s around, it shows he’s earned their respect and trust. I still don’t know everything that goes on, but I know some. I know Alistair killed Inias as a way to get under Cas’ skin, and I know it was because of me, even if Cas isn’t saying it.”
"I come bearing gifts." He waves an envelope bouncing up to the two, but his bouncing slows once he sees the tension between them. "Did I interrupt something? Y'know, don't answer that. I'm just gonna … back away."
“Oh,” Sam says, looking between Castiel and his brother, then back to Castiel. “I didn’t realize you had company.” Sam smiles and moves both bags into the same hand and stretches the free one to Castiel, taking a few more steps into the room. “I’m Sam.”
After Dean finally got around, and the both of them ate, and by both it means mainly Dean because Sam didn't want to hurl his breakfast all over Jess if he got too nervous, they went to wait in line.
Gabriel smirks. "I know, I just wanted to hear you admit it." Gabriel takes in some more food, swallowing before he speaks. "So you're here alone?"
Cas turns his head and meets Dean's gaze when he hears his voice. "Of course."
“Okay, no, I didn’t want to
There it is.
Castiel smiles, his stomach filling with excited butterflies again. When he looks away, he sees a line of customers at the counter and he arches a brow at his brother. "Don't you have a job to be doing?"
"Yeah. Don't wait up for me tonight, I have no idea how late I'm going to be out."
"Okay, and that's why you have to work fast." Dean stares into his eyes and sees the nerves building up. Dean nods setting his silverware down. "Okay, here," Dean pats the table with his hands and turns his body to face his brother. "Practice what you're going to say to Jess on me."
The kids that didn’t their papers groan but the bell rings indicating the end of the day. The class stands, and those who got their papers returned walk over to Dean’s desk and set their papers on it before scrambling out the door. Dean sighs when all the students leave and he follows suit after he gets his things. When he is sitting in his car driving home, he is trying to think of where he could have possibly left the papers, and that’s when he realizes he could have very possibly left them at Gabe’s Cafe. He wasn’t exactly thinking straight at the time and could have very easily overlooked a few papers.
Dean watches his brother have a mental crisis, and he has to admit it is pretty entertaining, but the he sees that Sam has stopped breathing and the funny moment leaves. Dean reaches forward now concerned. “Whoa, whoa there kiddo, breathe for me. In and out.” When Sam takes a sharp inhale Dean nods patting his shoulder. “There ya go, don’t go dying on me just yet. Why don’t you sit down?”
No, he said before that Dean wouldn’t be able to do that. That he and Dean had to look loyal to one another or something.
“Would you call a one time fling ‘babe’?” He blurts without really thinking.
Dean runs his hands through his hair, his breathing starting to become erratic. He can’t tell him. He’ll kick him out or make him get rid of his kit. He can’t do that. He won’t.
Sam turns his eyes back to the line with a newfound determination. "Thank you, Dean." And he starts to walk over to the line, a smile growing on Dean's lips watching his brother.
“That’s all I ask.”
“I want to.” Castiel spits out before he can catch up with his brain to mouth filter. When he finally does, he’s screaming internally.
Cas is silent for a little while, not looking in Dean's direction, playing ignorant to the fact that the question is basically Dean asking how to figure out his own sexuality. "I don't think there was a specific time that I realized it, but more a series of events. At that time, I was watching everyone get into some kind of relationship. A few girls even asked me out, but I didn't want to be in a relationship with them. I thought there was something wrong with me for not desiring to be in one, seeing as everyone else my age, that's all they were doing.” Cas pauses for a moment and squints his eyes in a way Dean hasn't seen before. It's as if he's in pain. “I, unfortunately, found out the hard way. I formed feelings for my best friend. He wasn't too thrilled about when I told him. He told me he didn't want to be friends with someone that's defective.” Dean thins his lips. He can only imagine how painful it would be to be rejected so harshly, especially at that age. “I don't let it bother me anymore. It was in middle school, everyone is unpleasant in middle school. I actually thank him now,” Dean turns to give Cas a very perplexed stare and Cas elaborates. “Without him, it would have taken me a lot longer to understand myself and I might not be as comfortable with who I am today because of that.”
As soon as I finish the last chord of the song, Jack breaks out into an encore, beaming from ear to ear. “Again! Again!” He bounces up and down on his bum “Sing me another one!”
Dean laughs as in my lap Jack copies me.
I laugh to myself. I was trying to act mad at them but I was
Jack sees his chance to speak up. “Heywo, Yasmi!” He holds up his hand like he always does when greeting someone.
A deep growl resonates from Cas's throat, his wings shimmering out of pure emotion. He makes way for the back to the door, connecting the patio to the bar inside. "Want another one?" He motions towards the table of bottles.
With wide eyes, I look up and finally realize what he means, once again two steps behind. “No! Cas you don’t mean-”  But it’s too late.
My heart-strings pull as he gives me puppy eyes. Goddamnit, he knew I was roped in now.
A couple of steps ahead, Cas’ turns on a swivel, not seeing Sam after calling out his name. “Where’s Sam?”
“Yep!”
I chuckle at the toddler, “Really Jackie, two songs and a story? Shouldn't you be getting to bed, mister?”
Cas easily deflects the swipe, “
Sam raises his eyebrows and smiles at his nephew, “Jack, you’ve never been on a plane before.”
Images and feelings flash through Dean’s brain, and for once he is thankful Cas can’t see what he’s thinking.
Jack, now comfortably snuggled in my lap, giggles, “Planes aren’t scary!”
both of them are completely asleep does he finally walk into the room.
Double great.
Wrapping his hand around the back of Cas’ neck he kisses him until the taste of pineapple is gone; only replaced with the taste of Cas, which was
Cas laughs his classic crinkle eyed laugh as he pulls me in for my final hug before he would fly me back home. “You spoil him
She was already asleep by the time I hung up.
, complete with the tag on the bottom with four letters: J-A-C-K.
When Dean zones back in, he finds himself leaning against Castiel on one of the bunker’s many seats in the library. It was subtle, not enough to raise too much of a commotion, but close enough to be able to feel the warmth of Cas’ body.
, I’m sorry Cas I didn’t mean to-”
Sam had gotten up when he heard singing. The kid would never admit it, but she really did have a good singing voice. He had paused outside of the room to listen to her read to Jack; his sleepy toddler giggles making him feel warm and fuzzy inside like a cheesy "uncle edition" Hallmark movie.
a new feeling that he could get used to.
Dean raises his eyebrows; as if the “profound bond” between him and Castiel wasn’t plainly obvious to anyone with a pair of eyeballs.
After my daily dose of celestial being death threats, I finally take in my surroundings. We were in the middle of the woods, a single dirt road leading out from where the two of us were standing. “Are we…?”
I pick up the phone and finally take it off speakerphone, “Yeah, I’ll talk to you soon. I was just calling you back as I promised… Bye, talk soon.”
"So… bedtime song?" The random question snaps me back awake.
Dean doesn’t respond.
Despite having not physically seen each other in months, we didn't have that much to talk about. Even though we were normally hundreds of miles apart, I always kept them in the loop about what was going on in my life; I mean, they were family after all.
Cas takes a sip of his beer, "It's a hobby of mine to prove you wrong."
Almost immediately Dean replies.
"Well…" I shrug my shoulders nonchalantly, "I have a reputation to follow."
The next morning I wake up with a crick in my neck and half my hair pressed up the side of my face.
an angel of the lord. I am here to take you home!”
I throw up my hands, laughing, “Okay then! If you say so!”
your sister? I mean, I hardly see you that much,"
"Cas it's not a big deal-"
Sam smiles, “Hope you’re good kid. Talk soon.”
Dean smiles at the back of Cas’ head and makes a mental note to buy one of the tiny bee sculptures on the way back. "Yeah, Cas, but your ice cream is melting." He points out. Cas looks at the cone and tries to lap up the ice cream that had already dripped onto his hand. "What flavour is that?" Dean asks, filing through some of his cheesy old pick up lines.
I walk over to the side of his bed anyways.
Still balancing Jack on my lap I reach across the table and playfully nudge him. “Speaking of that…” I pull out my phone from my back pocket. “I promised to call Yasmina as soon as I landed… guess that happened a little sooner than later.”
Only until Morgan's voice fades and he's
Cas scrunches his eyebrows together as if what I had just asked was a stupid question. “I
"Okay then," I smile, "promise you won't laugh?"
The boy nods happily and disappears within an instant without a word; his baby Nephilim wings making it easy to teleport anywhere in the bunker. Almost immediately, he's back with two white boxes.
But it was too late, he'd already seen it. "Who gave you that black eye?!" His voice became deeper, taking a step towards Dean, vibrating almost down to a growl.
Jack shrugs, "Nope!"
Sam only waves me aside, returning to his normal spot at the table. “No, it’s really good kid!" He pauses for a moment, "You should continue it-”
Eventually, I end up back in the same section of the airport that I started. Pulling out my phone I check how long it’s been since I sent that text to Dean.
That sometimes happens when you move into a different time zone from the rest of your family for school.
Sam is actually the one who scoops him up, laughing as he gathers the little boy in his arms, “Woah, slow down sport.
I rub my head from where he hit me, “
"Dean-"
To show me his “beefy Daddy arms” Jack snatches my bag from my hands and hurries off towards the spare room. “Just don’t go through it, Jackie!” I call back to him with a smirk, “If you’re good enough this weekend you might get a surprise at the end!”
As Dean pulls out of the kiss, Cas can’t help but let out a small whimper. Cas’ eyes scan the surrounding area, before catching Dean’s then ultimately fall to his feet.
Just like the guitar, Jack pulls a book from out beside the bed. "This one!"
“Yay!” Jack squirms in bed, clutching his moose in an almost death grip.
“You’ll never guess what happened!”
I let out a single laugh, "Huh… I always knew he wasn't just another pretty face after all." I smile down at the boy as I readjust the guitar on my lap. "Any requests?"
“We can be whatever you would like Dean,” Cas says after a minute. “I don’t mind taking it slow.”
My face goes slack, “You meant to scare me like that!” I finally realize aloud, my tone quickly turning hard, “You cocky LITTLE-”
I can practically feel myself vibrating from holding in my laughter. "
, we have to pay. Then we can hit the road.”
Leaning forward, I find myself interlocking my fingers; calling out to Castiel before I even know what to say. I glance around me before speaking. “Hey, uh, Cas. You probably know what the deal is over here on my end since I just texted Dean… but I thought this way would be a little-”
Clutching my stomach I groan, body bent in half. “Ughhh… Cas really?!”
“Hey MJ...” She pauses for a yawn, “Are you already there? I thought you didn’t land for another 6 hours?”
I snuggle into bed with him as he shimmies over to the other side, "So which one are we reading?"
Dean chuckles at his husband’s sour mood, nodding at me then to the phone. “Well go ahead and tell her what happened... Might as well get it over with.”
Dean can't stop smiling. "Alright, alright, I get it." He cuddles atop Cas, then pulls the blanket over them.
Dean gives his brother a look, a new tuft of hair sticking up from where Sam had smacked him, “
“Yeah sure, we’ll go out,” Dean grunts, “It’s not like we got anything better to do.”
42 minutes ago.
I begin to strum, my hands suddenly feeling wonky on the frets despite knowing the entire song by heart. When I start the first line, my voice comes out stiff and unnatural. "
Cas shakes his head, if Dean wasn’t going to open his stubborn mouth and admit it, Cas would open his mouth for him. “I realize we’re out in the open like this Dean,” He finds the strength to finally say after a minute, “but may I kiss you again?
Late one night on a hunt, Dean Winchester takes the last sip of his Heineken. Looking down at the table beside him, it was his 5th bottle for the night. He holds the cold empty bottle to his sore eye; he had drained it before the outside of the glass could even condensate. He was sitting on the back deck of the local bar, after having a not too friendly run-in with the douchebags inside. "This is the exact reason why I don't do feelings." He grumbles to himself.
Cas looks at the souvenir stands as the two of them leisurely stroll by each store. "It amazes me how humans can create such tiny sculptures," he comments when Dean finally catches up to him.
I pretend to ignore him. “Cas zapped me!”
) makes me choke on my own spit. Mainly out of pure shock. "Jack-" I nervously rub the back of my neck as I clear my throat. "You know I'm not
Dean raises an eyebrow, taking another swig of his drink.
Cas drops his poker face. “We love you Yasmina.”
Dean fondly smiles at his son before turning back to the phone. “Yeah, hi kid. We called you cause Morgan safely landed-”
I turn in my chair, popping my back in silent agreement.
I swallow down the salty taste of bile and continue. “Let’s just say it’s a good thing you’re an angel cause if not… I
After all of our treats, we really had nothing planned for the day. No monsters, no angels, no rouge hunters… just
Despite his multiple protests, Cas doesn’t let his husband get pie after we all finish with our lunch. Saying that they had dessert at home that he and Jack had previously made.
There's a good five-second silence before Jack speaks up, "That was awesome
Despite having most of the day together, Dean is slightly disappointed when he finds Cas already asleep on one of the couches. He figures the least he could do was make the--
Cas cuts me off, laughing. “It’s good to see you too, Morgan.”
Cas stands, pecking his husband on the cheek in the process. “I shall agree to that.”
Monday was a big day for Yasmina. She was finally going back to university and all of us were happy for her.
I make my way over to the kitchen, trying to massage out my neck and tie up my lion's mane/hair into a makeshift bun.
sang in front of other people. “Just trying to get Jack to sleep.”
them.”
Early the next morning, his back hurts a little from sleeping all cramped up, but with his ear to Cas's chest all night, listening to the soothing beat of his heart, Dean's never had a better night's sleep.
have to get used to was Cas’ newfound sense of humour.
But now, out in the open like this, out in the sun; Dean was kissing Cas-- Dean was kissing his boyfriend-- with a newfound fierceness. Cas falls back for only a moment, before kissing Dean with the same intensity.
I readjust the guitar on my lap for a second time. The better part of my conscious tells me that I should send Jack back to bed, that it was already late as it is; but I can’t bring myself to do it. Being able to play for someone, and for them to enjoy it like this, it had been years since I had gotten that.
Dean cuts him off, "Don't say you love me... Bad things happen to those that do. I mean look at Sam, he's the good one. He went to school, got a girl, had a future... Me? I got nothin' Cas."
Cas shrugs, "I'm not sure."
it. Dean and Cas also not missing the opportunity to show off their own wedding bands.
“So,” I say, pulling out of the hug and finally normalizing my heart rate. “What the hell are you doing here?”
"Yay!"
From above, Cas ignores him, burying his nose in Dean's hair, "Much better."
A few hours later Dean wakes up first for the second time. "Mornin' Cas," He sleepily mumbles, pressing a kiss into the former angel's tousled hair.
Dean goes to stretch but quickly realizes he can't; a sharp pain coming from the side of his chest. "You’re elbowing me in the freaking ribs, Cas."
It takes all my strength but I finally let go. Bending down to the little boy in front of me I start to unzip my bag. “And Jack… this is for you.” Pulling it out, I hand the toddler a stuffed animal
It was the best sleep I had had in years.
I pause. So maybe I was a little rusty on this whole “praying” thing.
In the blink of a second, Sam fixes his shirt and he's on his knees in front of the little boy. (I just as quickly sheath my knife.) "Jack?" He asks, a tint of worry in his voice, "Hey buddy… What are you doing up?"
Okay… so
I giggle and bring the boy into a tight embrace, ruffling his hair as I do so. “I’m glad you like it Jackie.” I grab him by either shoulder and put on my best poker face. “Now Mr Monkey is going to need a right and proper home, so you take care of him, you hear me?”
Mentally I kick myself. He was just a kid after all. Best not to blow my head up any more than it needs to.
“I'll wet you sweep wiff my giraffe tonight!” He cries out, holding up the other stuffed animal helplessly in the air.
"This makes me very happy, Dean," Cas replies with a gummy smile, making Dean’s heart swoon as he gets some of the ice cream on his nose. Dean chuckles at him and grabs some napkins off the cart. He gives the old man a nod of thanks before following after Cas who had wandered off.
better than any pineapple Dean had ever tasted. He lets his teeth take over, biting at Cas' bottom lip and earning a pleasing whimper out of the base of his angel’s throat.
Jack holds up the two boxes high above his head. (Which was about waist height for the rest of us.) “Twistie and Sah-wee!”
Sighing, I return to my old chair and drop my sack to the ground beside me. Subconsciously my foot starts bouncing from my nerves.
Dean does his best to mask his groan as Cas gets up.
Walking back over to the couch, he smiles at Cas, the little voice inside his head nearly screaming at deafening levels from the cuteness. Being open like this, loving Cas like this, was
Satisfied with that answer, before he even knows it, Dean is fast asleep; protectively spooning the love of his life… content… happy.
Cas pulls out of the kiss and leans back far enough to look Dean directly in the eye; his brows furrowed and head tilted in his signature look. “Babe?” He asks, hesitant.
Cas throws up his hands, “You
It was not a pleasant feeling, speaking from experience.
It takes me a couple of seconds but I finally think of a good one. The same one that Dean would always sing to me whenever I also couldn't sleep at the bunker… which was frequently.
I unclasp my hands and look up. Nothing has changed. Of course.
They eventually ended up cuddling, even though Cas knew Dean thought that kind of stuff should only happen in chick flicks. Cas ended up curled on his side, Dean spooned protectively behind him; This was home.
When I reach the kitchen doorway, Sam chuckles at my less than perfect appearance. “Well good morning sleeping beauty.”
They don’t do much, they don’t have to, but Dean and Cas just lay together hugging; holding each other. They toss and turn slightly, having not figured out their perfect sleeping position yet.
"Some hunk of an idiot behind me said, "You talk to Jenniene like that again and I'll beat you upside the head.""
"How'd your little sit down go?" Dean asks, taking a beer from him.
Cas laughs, putting on his best sarcastic tone, "Oh heavenly father, you've insulted me! Whatever shall I do? I'll be mentally and emotionally scarred for years!"
I laugh, planting a kiss on the top of the little boy's head. "I just wanted to call to say that I’m fine... I’m just here a little sooner than expected-”
Grabbing my rucksack I stand and stretch. Now that I had some time, I decide to take a walk. Glancing around at everyone else, with their huge suitcases and multiple bags, I’m grateful for just my one. Since it was only going to be a weekend trip at the bunker with the boys, all of my stuff fit into my carry-on.
Cases had slowed to a lull, and for the first time in a while, Dean found himself in the library actually enjoying a read with his-- with Cas.
Dean thinks, mentally kicking himself. He gives Cas his own signature cocky smile, shrugging, “Yeah, it’s like a-- fuck-- like a pet name?
the one who prayed,”
Sam sits back down, acknowledging the phone. We had kinda forgotten about Yasmina on the other end in all of our Winchester arguing. “So we’re gonna go out for lunch, but we’ll stay in touch, kid.” Sam continues, “Don’t hesitate to call or text any of us if you need anything at all.”
Dean looks up, (it hurt to roll his eyes) and sighs. "I'm fine,"
Dean softly punches Cas’ chest and lets out a chuckle, “You know you can be a hard dick sometimes, you know that?”
Now that the toddler’s speaking skills had at least slightly improved she had upgraded from just “Yas.”
By now, Sam's had enough of the three of us bickering. In one solid motion he stands from his chair and sweeps his hand, hitting all three of us on the back of our heads.
Dean doesn’t turn around to face his brother until he can hear the hum of the impala starting up in the garage. “Look Sam I know what you’re going to say-”
It felt secret that way; personal, even. It was something Dean and Cas shared between the two of them, that was simply just for them. It was something they rarely had these days with a moose for a brother.
“Yeah, well…” I turn to the bunker’s doors, a fond smile working its way to my face. “It was good to see the old girl again.”
Glancing down at the title of the book he laughs, "The adventures of Moose, Squirrel, and Giraffe by
I try to shrug it off despite my eyes going wide. “Oh… that was nothing.” Out of the corner of my eye, I see Dean raise his eyebrows. I
the different ways honey can be collected just to see you smile... then so be it.”
you I didn’t want to fly!”
Not hearing the painful undertone in his voice, Cas nods, shrugs, and starts loading the groceries into the kitchen.
you Yasmi!”
It didn’t matter that the room smelled like dust or the mattress was suspiciously soft, but I was safe and I was home. Or at least my
When Cas finally speaks it's in a whisper, "I think I'm in love with you, and I'm terrified,"
The poor excuse of a human barely makes out a syllable before Cas jabs a finger in his direction, "If I ever see you anywhere near him again, you'll have to deal with me."
“Fine,” I chuckle, playfully nudging his shoulder, “One more song.”
I laugh, bending my back in a wide arc while simultaneously clapping Sam on the shoulder, "Come on little monkey," I say towards Jack, "let's get you some warm milk and tucked back into bed."
"H-how long have you been standing there-" Dean turns his head to face away from Cas, trying to keep the bad eye in the shadows.
I cut him off, holding up a finger to him. “Imma stop you right there Samuel. It’s just a hobby.”
The little boy shrugs, "Yeah, but Moosey knows I love him even though I only see them at night night time." He holds up the moose stuffed animal to further prove his point.
Jack returns with wide eyes and a smile, before replacing it with the best poker face a toddler could manage. With a laugh, we all take a seat at one of the middle tables in the library. With all 30 pounds of toddler weight, Jack climbs into my lap with a grunt.
Sighing for the second time, Dean leans up against the back deck railing, facing Cas this time. "I walked in asked for a beer and said somethin' snarky to the lady working the bar."
Carefully walking back inside the bunker, Dean debates in the back of his head if he still needed a couple more hours. He hadn’t even started thinking of what he was going to say to Sam when he saw him.
Yasmina speaks up, “Hey Sam, good to talk to you too,”
I playfully scoff, “That’s not what I meant though!”
Pulling out my phone, I click on Dean’s contact. Might as well let them know so they aren’t waiting an extra 3 hours now.
God, I loved this life.
Later that night I find myself sitting alone with Sam. The both of us sipping on a pot of decaffeinated coffee and each reading a book; mainly just enjoying each other's company.
There's a sleepy chuckle on the other end. She was already falling back asleep, “Love you too, little monkey.”
Jack jumps out of my lap in a heap. “Yay! Burgers!”
I was still a little sour about Cas flying me in the first place, but after I explained it (bitched and complained) to Dean, he said he would get it fixed for me. A quick call to Charlie and all my lost money on my aeroplane ticket would be wired back to me.
way to work off the food, but was quickly shot down by Sam as he punched his brother in the shoulder and I covered the poor toddler’s ears.
That, Dean, could get used to.
Still pressing him against the wall, Dean can see Cas’ cheeks flush down to his neck. Before Dean can even finish he is quickly shut up with a kiss. It’s meant to be soft, but Cas’ voice comes out hard and rough, “You never have to apologize to me for that Dean.”
“Two dollars.”
I carry him back to his room over my shoulder, plopping him on his bed with little resistance.
Cas sighs as soon as I pocket my phone, “I think you’ll be fine Morgan.”
Clomping into the room like a 4-ton moose, Sam walks in looking
stolen glances and smiles and blushes
. Cas was his and he was Cas’. To hell with heaven and their destiny shit.
I pretend to be offended at his remarks, “Me?” I lean back down, “I’ll eat half the pan! Then we can send a picture to Yasmina so she can see you.”
Glancing around to see if they were alone first, Dean grins and gives Cas a sweet, pineapple ice cream kiss with cold lips. "You know, you're cute when you're territorial." He says, handing over the napkins he had grabbed as Cas finishes his cone.
After the third time of reading the same book, Morgan's voice finally drifts. She had fallen asleep.
“Yes.”
Dean laughs, taking a sip of his beer, and an uncomfortable silence falls over the two of them. After a second too long, he breaks it. "Everyone keeps telling me you're the bad guy... Castiel, the angel who looks out for the hell-bent Dean Winchester." He shakes his head, "Why do you do it Cas?"
Castiel, of course, unaffected by travelling hundreds of miles in the span of a millisecond, casually throws a hand over my shoulder. Spinning me around so I'm facing a concrete dome with surrounding metalwork and reinforced doors.
However, within a blink of an eye, Sam’s back to normal, chipper and happy; pasting on the fakest smile Dean had ever seen from him as if nothing had happened. Sam claps his brother on the shoulder for a second time and tries to ignore his concerned looks he was giving him. “But when you go out
conversation! You’re on speaker!”
Dean rolls his eyes, “Really are we doing this again?!”
“Hello, Morgan.”
they weren’t
I laugh again, rubbing my ear as I glance up at the other guys at the table. Yeah, it was pretty clear that they had heard all of that. Dean smiles at his husband; the both of them knowing how much he loved Rice Krispy Treats.
Castiel chuckles, dropping his chin to his chest and shaking his head. “Sam was very nice. He didn’t put me through anything like my brothers did to you.”
When Dean realizes what he's thinking, he quickly adds 'to be friends' to the end of his previous thought. A scowl then etches into his face because he can't fool himself like that, but he can sure as hell try. Thinking of a man like that … it isn't normal, so sue him for trying to correct himself. He isn't a lost cause yet, he can still turn himself around. His eyes turn to the dark haired man making his heart skip a beat and the scowl softens.
So this is your way of coming out?
He closes his mouth and clears his throat, dropping his eyes again and fiddles with the keys. "Thanks," is all he can mutter.
Winter sucks.
"Do you know what you're going to get?" Dean asks looking at the slightly older man from the corner of his eye.
He glares at her getting his things out for class. “It’s nothing to get so excited about. You do it all the time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Just as Dean is starting to get worried Sam’s eyes slowly widen and he whispers, “Jess?”
“Are you still feeling unwell?”
“Michael, it’s-” He begins but is immediately cut off.
“I don’t usually kiss on the first date,” Cas says with a gentle smile lightly squeezing the back of Dean’s neck.
Misha’s smile falls and he turns oddly serious giving Dean chills at the drastic change. Castiel is such an amazing actor, anyone who claims to not like him clearly haven’t seen Mishapocalypse. Sure his older stuff is good too, but he has had years to refine his skill and he is at his best in Mishapocalypse.
"Yes," Cas says hesitantly.
Castiel feels his cheeks heat up and he narrows his eyes, wishing he could go back to his daydream. "I wasn't thinking about that."
Dean feels himself rouse awake feeling warm, content, safe. He doesn’t want to get up. After everything that’s happened just yesterday, this is nice. He smells his alpha’s scent on the other side of the bed, so Dean rolls over and buries his face in the pillows, nuzzling his face into the fabric.
“Okay, I’ll-” Sam hangs up on Dean making Dean blink a few times before lowering the phone. “See you in a bit.” Sam has always been like that when he’s focused on his work, he doesn’t mean to be rude, but damn if he doesn’t come across as an asshole sometimes.
"I, uh … I hope I'll get to see you again," Dean says a little hopeful.
“Alright.” Cas’ smile is contagious and Dean can’t stop from smiling as well as he backs up and makes his way to the car again. When he gets in he looks back and sees Cas standing there with his smile, leaning on the doorframe. Cas waves bye as they pull back and they do the same.
A small, relieved, smile appears on Cas' face. "Yes, you did."
As much as Castiel enjoyed his time with Dean at the diner, all good things must come to an end. At least, they do in Castiel's experience. He sighs and tucks his wings tight to his back as he walks down the basement hallway to the interrogation room.
Sam purses his lips a bit, still wanting to say what he was going to say. “I just know we are in a tight spot right now and I don’t want you to feel obligated to go overboard like you usually do.”
Dean smiles up from his phone and looks to his brother, about to say something but stops when he sees Sam's face. "Sam? Something up?"
“Like it? Dean this is the best present ever.” Dean’s shoulders sag in relief and Sam laughs, dropping his eyes back to the paper and that’s when he realizes there is only one ticket. He scrunches his brows together and meets Dean’s eyes again. “There’s only one ticket, aren’t you coming?”
His breath catches in his throat. He doesn’t want to remember.
Dean nods and makes his way to the door getting ready then leaves, shouting over his shoulder, “See ya, Sammy, Charlie.” Before closing the door and getting into the car. He forces himself to calm down on the drive there. Charlie is right, he’s done this before, the only thing that’s new is that they’re calling it a date. Dean was just getting himself worked up, all he has to do is be himself.
He needs to find Sam and talk to him. Man, he’s grown so much.
The next morning Sam woke up earlier than Dean, he was nervous all night and he wasn't able to sleep well at all. Today is the day he gets to meet Jessica again after all. Today will make or break him. If he screws this up, he will never forgive himself.
Dean scoffs. "No, it's for my brother." Dean grins and folds his arms proudly over his chest. "I'm an all meat kind of guy."
Dean does as instructed, trying not to feel awkward as his stomach is exposed. He’s gotten quite round recently. It’s not that he’s embarrassed about it, but he was raised to think it’s an embarrassment for male omegas to be pregnant.
*****
Dean reaches up, putting his hand over Cas’ on his cheek, and closes his eyes, leaning into the touch. His heart is hammering in his chest. Cas is giving off a scent that Dean hasn’t smelled coming from him before. Sadness.
“Is it the kit?”
That aside, I hope you enjoy it!
Dean doesn't even try to stop the smile from forming on his face. That little shit.
If this chapter has issues, that cuz I didn't proofread it, but I'll try and read it over later, I just didn't want to make you guys wait any longer. I wanted to add more Dean into it, but I also didn't want to force anything.
Cas' eyes are closed, his dark lashes laying on his cheeks. His hair getting slicked back, and his outfit being straightened out. Cas' lips are parted slightly as the other woman does his makeup, and Dean can't fight the urge to lick his lips and pull his bottom lip between his teeth because damn he looks so good right now.
Gabriel sighs running a hand through his hair muttering to himself. "Well, this isn't how I thought today would go."
"I can help 'his majesty' with whatever it is he needs." Gabriel offers.
Dean freezes, realizing he was just rubbing himself into Cas’ scent. He thins his lips, not sitting up yet. It’s a natural reaction, Cas is his mate. He’s been letting his newly mated instincts take over. Deep down, he knows it isn't just the mating. He sighs, rolling onto his back. Maybe he should reel them back.
Sam looks down at his plate and shakes his head looking back up. “Dude, how are you even hungry after that lunch you had before we got here?”
"Oh, right, he was a bit skeptical about the whole hiding it an going behind Dean's back, and the whole lying aspect of it. Also, he didn't like the invasion of privacy thing because Dean mentioned to Castiel that he likes his privacy." Gabriel wracks his brain for everything else that Cas said before continuing. "He made it very clear to stress the fact that he absolutely hates everything about our plan, but he's in."
Castiel thanks him, or at least he thinks he does. He slowly tilts to the side, and eventually his head rests on Dean’s shoulder. When that happens, he’s out within a few minutes, feeling really cozy.
Dean's eyes widen and his mouth parts slightly as if he was going to say something but stops. Cas realizes what he said about being friends might now be something Dean would want and he tries to cover it up. "I-I … if you would like to be my friend that is. I'll understand if you would like to no because you want to protect your brother and you ar-"
Work Title: Wolf in Sheep’s Clothing by Set it Off
Sam taps his fingertips on the wooden table leaning back in the hard chair. “I don't know for sure, but I think he's bi.”
Professor Singer looks at Charlie. “Bradbury,”
After getting around he makes his way downstairs, following the smell of the coffee his brother brewed for them. Standing in the kitchen is the younger Winchester, leaning against the counter, still in his pajamas, coffee mug in hand.
“Back when he got kicked out of the bar a few years back. He was trying to get me my laptop back from the bartender, remember?”
“But,” Dean continues, “I’m not gonna force anything, so if you don’t want to-”
“Oh, it did, but thankfully I wasn't too deep in infatuation with him so I got over it quick enough.”
“You are insatiable.”
“I would love to have this,” Cas says, cutting him off with a soft smile.
His words sink in his stomach like a stone, and he tries to swallow. “What do you want to talk about?”
“Michael, I have plenty of time for this.”
Castiel can feel Dean relaxing under him and he looks down at the older man. His expression is relaxed and he’s grinning up at Castiel. “Don’t worry, it’s just my brother.”
When the pair gets to the trailer, Cas goes in first so the women aren't confused as to why a random man came in, and Dean follows him. The girls look back and see Cas, then their eyes flick to Dean and the girl with blonde hair smiles playfully meeting Dean's stare, and being the shameless flirt that he is, Dean smiles back.
“Oh my god…” He whispers to himself as he runs his hands down his face. He never thought he would be thinking this, but he is so happy about having that little spat with Sam right about now.
Cas nods, getting up and leaving the room. Dean hears a cabinet open and close from the kitchen. He comes back a second later and holds out a pack of saltine crackers. The action is so simple, but it makes Dean crack a smile.
Sam growls standing. “Dean-”
” Balthazar says, sounding skeptical.
Dean looks back at him and smiles. “Yeah, I’m good.” He turns his attention back to the photo.
Also, as for the convention itself I kind of skip a lot of it because reasons. I hope you enjoy this chapter and I apologize for the late update. I would blame college, but that would be a lie … I just kept procrastinating, but it’s done now!
"Next. In what episode did Misha finally go to a therapist for what happened to Sharlot, and who convinced him to go?"
By the time lunch finally strolls around, he makes his way into the teacher’s lounge, ready for a little R&R. He grabs his lunch from the fridge and plops on the couch, ready to eat. That’s when a familiar red-headed girl walks through the doors in her typical energized manner.
He clenches his jaw and slams the shield down on his helmet before revving the engine and peeling out of the spot and going for a ride.
“No.” Castiel sighs, shoulders sagging. “Gabriel if you are trying to play matchmaker again-”
Little did Dean know that that made Cas a blushing mess for the rest of his day.
Luke snaps a glare at Gabriel. “I don’t want to speak of her.”
Castiel promptly turns the screen off. "No, it was Balthazar. He wants me to take him to a new club tonight for losing him fifty dollars."
It pains Dean that Sam doesn’t know anything John did to Dean right under his nose. The whole time Sam was living with them, things that Dean himself has lied to him about for years. If Sam knew everything that John put him through, what he did to him, what he made Dean do … But presents? He never got any packages. If he sent any, it would have made sense that John took them and burned them. It makes Dean’s stomach twist uncomfortably. All that time Sam left, Dean believed that he actually never wanted anything to do with him.
Dean pockets his phone, giving him a curious quirk of the brow. “Didn’t want big brother to come get you?” Cas blushes and goes to answer but flounders and Dean smiles. “It’s okay, you don’t have to explain. I know what this looks like.” Dean waves between the two of them and the apartment, chuckling. “Plus, I’m pretty sure I’m 15 years your senior. Most people wouldn’t be too thrilled about their little brother seeing someone so much older than them.”
"Then I will see you Sunday, have a good night, Dean."
"No, no, it's fine. So, Dean, he, um … he treated you well?"
A.R.T.s
"Gimme all the juicy details, baby bro. Who's this mega hottie that's swept you off your feet?" Gabriel says as he leans over the counter, giddy.
Inias’ eyes widen and he nods, quickly leaving the pair.
Castiel groans and rubs his hands over his face, feeling the weight of this bearing down on his shoulders is too much anxiety right now. He hadn’t slept well last night, his thoughts too busy like right now.
Castiel has left Gabriel no choice but to play cupid again. There is no way he is going to make any kind of move on Dean, so this mean he is going to have to crack out some ingenious ideas, and fast. He is going to put this plan into action at the convention if all goes well.
Dammit, Dean, keep it in the closet! He yells at himself before turning away.
“What’s going on?” Dean asks, not wanting to wait.
Sam is quiet for a moment longer than Dean would like, so Dean looks over to him. The look of shock is written all over his face, but there is also confusion. "Cas is staying in this hotel?"
"My brother would like to join the trivia game, please. I know we're a little late, but please." Sam practically begs sliding his own silver ticket to the man. The man looks down at the ticket and sighs for a second before scribbling 'CONTESTANT' on it in big letters.
Dean arches a brow locking eyes with him. "Tried what? Acting?"
"So, I didn't know this was the hotel the actors are staying at." Dean looks around with some confusion. "I mean, it isn't terrible, but,"
"Here's the water."
Jess.”
"I understand," Cas says, eyes never leaving Dean's for a second, but before he can finish what he was planning on saying, their numbers are called. Dean huffs in frustration, not wanting to leave yet, but he and Cas get up and grab their food, the both of them walking back outside.
Chapter Title: Lion by Hollywood Undead
"How's he making sure you don't pull a Houdini act and vamoose?"
"Oh, no way. That's not a glass of wine I'm going to try anytime soon."
The door is torn open by an enraged sasquatch the next second. “Very mature, Dean.”
There it is.
“I’m okay, Sam,” Dean says as his brother comes to his side, looking him over.
Sam turns his famous bitch face to Dean, who holds his hands up in defense with a laugh. "Dean, this is big for her. This is big for anyone who comes out."
“It’s… very human,” Cas allows. “But I fail to see how that’s a flaw.”
Sam glares at him. Dean rolls his eyes and heads for the coffeemaker, aiming a loose kick at Sam’s ankles on the way.
Dean stares at the table top. He bounces one knee up and down underneath it in tiny, jerky movements, trying to get rid of the restlessness that’s making his legs itch. Letting Sam walk unprotected into the line of fire goes against every instinct he has; the more he tries to stifle the urge to fix it, the stronger it gets.
“Soon.” His fingers keep carding slowly through Dean’s hair. “Hopefully. I—”
From a distance, Dean hears himself make a sound. It was a word, or trying to be—it gets stuck halfway and catches in his throat. Something’s trying to claw through his ribs and out his chest. He doesn’t know what to do with his hands so they’re stuck by his sides, balling into fists and uncurling again, over and over. Dean blinks hard, willing the burn behind his eyes to leave him alone.
“In here,” he calls out. “He’s awake.”
Dean opens his mouth to say
“Cas.” Dean kicks the comforter with one cold foot. “Hey,
“I would not get chewed by rugarus,” Dean warns. “I’m a tough guy. The rugaru would get chewed up by me.”
“Go to sleep,” Cas says, soft and low. He palms Dean’s jaw with two fingers—no grace, no light. Warmth flickers in Dean's chest anyway when he leans into it.
“What?”
He sways forward unsteadily and tips his forehead onto Cas’s shoulder. When Cas sighs, he can feel it reverberate.
The look on Cas’s face makes him wish he’d never said anything. In fact, he wishes today hadn’t happened at all. Dean wants to blink and go back to the beginning, warm and drowsy with Cas’s hair in his mouth and one knee wedged somehow between Cas’s legs.
Dean snorts.
“Hey,” he says, dropping into the chair opposite Dean. He says it weirdly, stretched into two syllables:
“Do you want me to go?”
“I, uh.” Dean clears his throat. He scrubs his free hand through his hair. “You can bunk with me, if you want. The sheets on that thing are nasty.”
Cas’s thumb brushes the corner of his mouth. Dean hears the smile more than sees it.
“I should be saying that,” he finishes, hoarsely. “To you. So.”
“And if he hadn’t?” It’s the kind of low snarl that always reminds Dean of that night in Bobby’s kitchen, ten years ago; Cas’s eyes glint as he stalks forward, boxing Dean in against the Impala’s hood. “If he hadn’t brought me back, where would you be, Dean? What would’ve become of you?”
Dean’s morning, so far, has been a big improvement on the one before it. For one thing, it started in a bed—his bed, memory foam mattress, clean sheets, the works. There’s no headache threatening to blind him. His back’s still sorta sore, prickling like an old bruise when he moves, but everything feels warm and hazy, draped in a layer of sleep.
“Right,” he agrees, sounding more sure of himself. “Yeah. Exactly.”
He takes another sip of the weird green concoction he’s decanted into a water bottle, leaning against the door jamb with an expression Dean doesn’t like—pursed lips, furrowed brow, eyes narrowed to slits. It’s the same look he gets when he’s translating something. The back of Dean’s neck prickles.
“Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, I’m fine. Sorry. Just, uh… tired.”
He’d follow him anywhere. Jesus, it terrifies him sometimes: into hell, out of it, you name it.
“Okay,” Cas says.
Cas frowns, shifting in his seat. He turns to Dean.
Ellis Ripley, born ‘79 in Dallas, is the last man standing of the five he started out with. His final wad of cash disappeared forty miles back at a gas station. The payment takes its sweet time going through—long enough that Dean’s mind starts racing, ‘cause there’s no way roughing it in his car is gonna work, not
“I don’t want to get
In one sweeping motion, the mountain of covers next to him rises like a wave. Cas pushes himself upright, squinting as he emerges, his flushed cheeks catching the light of Dean’s table lamp. His shirt says, in faded gray capitals,
“One,” he admits, leaning closer. Dean’s mouth parts on instinct, letting him in.
Cas waits with a surety that makes it easy to do. He lets Dean scrabble for purchase on the front of his shirt first—he kisses back gently, without force. His stubble grazes Dean’s jaw. Dean makes a low, choked sound when Cas holds his face in both hands, smoothing his thumbs across Dean's cheeks, ducking his head to kiss him with slow, lingering presses of his mouth, again and again. It feels like dangerous territory. Dean leans into it, eyes closed. He loosens his death grip on Cas’s shirt and lays his palms flat instead, feeling the line of his chest underneath.
Everyone’s careful with Dean, these days. If it’s not Sam’s puppy eyes watching him limp around the bunker or the sympathetic glances from strangers at the grocery store, it’s the package that showed up at their PO box in Lebanon about a week ago, no return address but Jody’s neat block capitals on the front: some socks, two packs of prescription painkillers, and a lumpy sheet cake wrapped in foil, with the words
“Show off,” he mutters, and does.
The kiss is off-center. It tastes of toothpaste and sleep. Dean grunts, frustrated. The impulsive courage he was relying on to get him this far has started to disintegrate.
“You were warned.” Cas points out. “I assumed Sam told you.”
“So I’m gonna shower,” Dean continues, louder, “order a shitton of pizza, watch some TV—”
“I…” Dean says. “You—”
“Look, red is for cattle mutilation…” Sam makes a rapid beeline for the door, so Dean chases after him, talking as he goes— “Green means break-ins, and the blue crosses, those are—”
“Cool." Faintly, Dean hears the rhythmic clicking of the Jeep’s turn signal. “Later, Cas.”
“I want to.”
“Because—! I… Jesus, Cas, ‘cause I left you in that place, with no backup, and you—”
. And now he’s here, crammed in a crappy motel shower with water spraying down on his bowed head, alive and whole for another day with nothing to show for it. Not empty handed, but pretty damn close.
A dark cowlick of hair flops over his forehead. Dean's mouth twitches—and Cas must see it because he tilts his head, his furrowed brow deepening into a frown.
, Samuel), and struggles upright on the couch, scrubbing a hand across his face. He feels a blanket slide off his shoulders.
“Hey,” Sam says, exasperated. “Jeez, finally, I’ve been calling for like twenty minutes. You all right?”
“Tell me about the crocotta,” Cas prompts.
His phone buzzes in his pocket.
“Yeah, all right,” Dean mutters. He shoots the Impala one last longing look as he limps towards the door.
“Am I dead?” he asks seriously.
Dean blinks.
“All I did,” Cas murmurs, “was what I had to. You had to live with it.” He ducks his nose into Dean’s hair. “In my experience, I can comfortably say which is worse.”
“Great,” Dean hears himself say. “That’s good.”
Sam huffs out a laugh. He scrubs his shirt sleeve over his face as he pulls back, clearing his throat.
“You can sleep, if you want,” Cas says quietly. “I’ll wake you when the dressing needs changing.”
Neither of them move.
but someone tugs his phone out his hand, careful but firm. He hears Cas’s voice from behind him saying, “coffee would be appreciated. We opened the spare bag.”
The truth is, Dean’s never had many chances to look at his feelings head-on. Even if he’d wanted to, there was always something higher up on the priorities list: food money, gas money, room fees, laundry; blood to mop up, a busted carburetor, a hunt popping up two states over—and always, underneath it all, some kind of high stakes threat lurking in the rearview. Dean has lived, since he was four years old, with dread underpinning his life like a sinister, thrumming heartbeat. At a certain point, he’d figured playing dumb was just self preservation. No point wanting anything when your back’s against the wall.
Dean huffs out a laugh. It’s wet and thin.
Dean grins.
“You can’t pick Janeway!” Dean insists. “Nobody picks Janeway, man. Enterprise was a bust.”
“I was gonna come for you,” Dean says thickly. “I was gonna get you out—”
“Two queens,” he mutters.
and Dean is so tired. His body feels like it’s about to tap out.
“Dean Winchester,” Cas says lowly. Dean knows that voice. It’s the voice Cas likes to use before he throws things into doors.
“...which means they share a function,” Cas is saying, leaning against the counter and frowning thoughtfully at the ceiling. “Depending on the context, some consonants correspond with vowels.” He pauses. Dean hears the faint tinny echo of Sam’s voice over the phone. “Yes, exactly, although Hebrew is more forgiving. There are some books on the subject that could be useful—”
“Dean,” Cas repeats. He takes another step forward, boxing Dean in against the door—there’s a joke there somewhere, maybe a cheap line about personal space—but Dean can’t find it. It’s taking all his self control to keep the sounds in his throat from crawling out. He swallows, shoving them down in one go.
Dean drops his eyes and turns his head. “I don’t know, it just came out…” He takes a slow breath, feeling the alpha’s eyes boring into him, but Cas doesn’t say anything yet. He’s waiting, letting Dean complete his thought. “I think I was overwhelmed with everything that happened, and…” Dean thins his lips, grabbing his tail to pet it. “And when you immediately left to go to Meg, I thought you just didn’t care.”
“Hey, Cas, you alright?” Dean’s worried voice brings him back out of his thoughts. He looks over at his boyfriend and sees the concern in his eyes. “How much did you have to drink?”
Dean meets his eyes after finishing off a saltine.
"Have you ever tried?"
Dean only hums, smiling and takes a sip of his own coffee. He nods in the direction of the door indicating Castiel to follow. He does.
The smell of the chicken wafts under his nose and makes his mouth water. It feels like it’s been a long time since he had a full meal and he’s starving. Dean digs in, humming as the flavors burst through his mouth.
I finally get to meet him at the convention in a week and a half! I am so happy I finally get to meet my idol T^T
We talk about the normal stuff: recent hunts that the boys had been on, new updates from school, what new non-edible things that Jack had managed to get into his mouth; the usual.
Sam chuckles, bookmarking his page. "I have yet to figure out how he does it… my body certainly doesn't keep up like it used to."
It was the truth… just maybe not the
Dean says a silent prayer that his brother actually wasn’t there. “He’s… he’s over in his room. He’s just gonna need a night to himself.” To try and lighten the mood Dean chuckles slightly, “After saving the world more times than we can count I think he can have a couple of hours alone.”
Dean stands up, brushing himself off, “Ha! I knew you were my kid! It’s a deal.”
I turn to the toddler, now back to his usual spot in my lap. “Is that so little monkey?” I tickle his full belly with my free hand, “What did you make for Daddy?”
Dean turns to face the railing and calls over his shoulder, "Screw it, why not. Thanks."
As he goes to flick the blanket over Cas, he nearly lets out a shriek-- shut up-- as Cas reaches up and drags Dean down, too. “Cas?!” Dean mumbles into his chest, “I thought you were asleep dude.”
Sam sighs and chuckles, “Okay, that’s enough!”
Catching the both of us off guard, around the corner we hear a quiet shuffle of footsteps. Immediately, Sam and I are on our feet, my knife unscathed from where I kept in my boot, and Sam with his hand resting over the gun in his waistband.
remember to pick up some toothpaste, we’re almost out.”
"Why are you saying this Cas? You know you could get busted for being with me like this?"
Dean can visibly see the words hitch in his brother’s throat. “It’s just the way you act all the time around each other…”
“Cas... What is this? I mean, what are we?” It’s late and Dean’s tired, but he’s not asleep.
"Oh… okay!" Jack smiles and bobs his shoulders, satisfied with his answer. Thankfully, his toddler brain can't put the two and two together.
The last word almost (keyword
He looks down to find Cas wrapped around him like a koala, elbow jabbing into his side. He shivers, “I’m cold man, you gotta learn how to share.”
disgruntled. “Hey, uh, guys,”
Dean holds up his hand, pointing to the angel, “Hey! Planes are scary, man!”
I hear a huff on the other end of the phone. The call had connected. Checking the time on my phone I wince, Yasmina was probably already asleep. Time zone differences are a bitch. “Hey, Yasmina!” I say in my brightest tone, placing my phone on speaker and set it in the middle of the table.
" He reads. It was one of Jack's favourites.
From beneath the covers, Jack pouts his bottom lip, “Are you not gonna read me a bedtime story?”
Dean thinks back to the first time he had actually kissed Cas; how blushy and defensive he was after they pulled apart. How Cas had just smiled at him and shook his head and said something like "You're blushing, dean."
In a solid push, Cas shoves Dean off the side of the couch and rolls over in an attempt to get more sleep.
Great. Just what he wanted.
With his towel wrapped around his hips, he peeks his head out. Making sure the coast is clear, he runs to his room and gets dressed. When he finally heads downstairs, the smell of coffee greets him. He scans the area and sees Cas sitting at the dining table with some coffee. The alpha is already dressed in a nice suit.
"Alright, the answer to question one, his last name is Collins. Question two, Misha's wife, Sharlot was killed. Question three, Misha's therapist, Carter was only supposed to show up once. That one really got a lot of your guys. Question four, The failed mission episode was titled, Black and White. The reason behind his failure was because he wasn't able to kill the innocent children. Question five, Adrianne was looking for her brother, Dmitri." He looks back to the remaining contestants. "Congratulations to you 11, you made it to round two." He looks over them once more. "Are you ready?" They all nod and he smiles.
Sam nods watching Dean disappear up the stairs, his eyes falling on the clock in the kitchen when he disappears. Even though Sam knows something's up, he isn't going to push it, not right now. Sam may want to help Dean with everything, but when Dean goes to ‘bed’ at seven in the evening, Sam knows to leave him alone. He just hopes it’ll all work itself out.
Deciding it would be much more comfortable to grade the rest of these papers in the comfort of his own home rather than at a hard desk, he gathers the papers and stuffs them into his bag and slings it over his shoulder. He was supposed to finish grading these dang things before the end of the day, but it turns out old habits die hard, daydreaming is one impossible habit to break.
Gabriel stares into Cas' eyes for a moment before a smile cracks his face. "Not a problem."
Her mouth opens to protest, but when nothing comes out she closes it again. The expression on her face resembling that of a wounded puppy. Her voice is quiet when she says, “I didn’t… I just really admire him. I didn’t…”
Inias is back a second later, sliding him his drink. “I didn’t know this was your kind of scene, Castiel.”
“Why not?”
"Of course,"
Dean smiles a little and comes around the couch, taking a seat next to him. “That movie really messed you up, didn’t it?”
“Whoa, Sammy, calm down, it’s okay. I’m fine.”
Misha stops his spinning, flashing the smile that makes Dean heart skip a beat. “Matt,” Misha stands up with a stretch, arms locked rising above Misha’s head making it so some of his skin shows. “About time you came to your senses and gave me another job.”
Dean quirks an amused brow pushing through the front doors heading to Baby. “How did you know I was calling about food?”
A.R.T.s
Cas' eyes widen for a second as if he forgot Dean was standing beside him, and he quickly schools his expression. "I'm okay."
The blonde glares back to her friend. “Alex,”
Sam smiles sheepishly. "Hey, Jess." All of a sudden Jess pulls the large man around the table and jumps at him with a huge hug. Sam takes a moment to catch up with what's happening, and when he does, he wraps his arms around her tightly before letting go.
Sam slumps, running a hand through his hair. “Okay,” he breathes and Dean relaxes. “But we’re doing it my way. Castiel already hates me, let’s not give him another reason.”
The screen changes to a different scene indicating the end of that one. The new scene is a familiar one, the FBI office. Sitting there at his desk is the familiar black haired, blue eyed man, he is leaning back twirling in his desk chair.
Dean furrows his brows confused to how that little piece of information that Jess still remembers him has made it so Sam doesn't have anything to say to her anymore. It should have had the opposite effect. "Okay, you're going to have to explain. I'm confused."
Michael calms down long enough to speak again. "Damn," he sighs, still smiling. He looks up, meeting his eyes. "I hope you know you lost me 50 dollars."
“Some of my siblings are coming over for dinner tomorrow night to meet you as my mate.”
(See the end of the chapter for
After lunch ends the day seems to drag on longer than usual. All he wants to do is get home and give Sam the ticket. Nearing the end of his last period, he gets to hand back the papers he finally finished grading last night at the cafe.
Sam nods but keeps his eyes on Dean, feeling there's something more but Dean isn't saying. "That's it?"
"Sounds good to me."
, Dean thinks.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he gets himself under control, he rocks into his hand and groans under his breath. “Faster.” He grinds out. A hand grips his hair, pulling his head back and lips and teeth attack his throat, complying with his plea. Castiel starts to feel his balls tighten too soon and he whines, gripping Dean’s shoulders again. “Dean, oh fuck, please, I’m gonna- please.”
Ты выходишь за рамки дозволенного, Габриэль. Ты сделаешь это еще раз, и я приму меры, чтобы остановить это. - You are stepping out of line, Gabriel. You do this one more time and I will take actions to stop it.
But that was years ago now and Dean has admit to loving the show on multiple occasions, but of course Sam already knew this, and Dean was yet again thankful to his brother for playing innocent.
He hums, looking at the pickle in his hand. That’s … actually good. He finishes it off before snagging some kit kats that he bought the other day. He wants something a little salty though too. He opens the fridge and scans its contents. He stops on the ketchup. Maybe. He grabs it and puts some of it on the kit kat. Taking a bite, he freezes before slowly continuing to chew.
“Oh, no, I’m good relaxing here with my bacon and having a lovely morning with my buddy Cas here, thank you very much.”
Dean takes a moment to think it over. He definitely feels more attached to Cas now, but that’s normal. Mating makes it so you’re more in-tune with how they’re feeling. That’s probably why Cas just asked if he was okay, he was just feeling a lot at that moment. He thumbs the photo.
I don’t think it will affect them other than a bit of shock. I don’t see why it would cause them to like me any less, unless, of course, they’re homophobic. But gay isn’t the correct term, I don’t like people because of their gender. I like people because of personality.
"Oh," Sam says quietly while looking at his salad. "I'm really wishing I went with you now."
· Order by
Dean’s eyes widen at the offer. “I couldn’t ask you to do that, I can get them online right?”
Dean starts heading to the door and Gabriel pipes in before he leaves, “Gold ticket meets Cassie by the way.”
Dean’s mouth closes and he furrows his brows, and from the corner of his eye he sees Castiel turn his eyes to him. “What convention?”
Which is reasonable. April used to do anything to be beside Castiel, but the moment she hospitalized an omega — for reasons nobody knows for certain, but Castiel is ninety percent sure she did it because the omega was interested in him — Castiel put an end to that. He moved her to the opposite side of his territory. It’s out of the way of most of his daily interactions.
Dean petulantly slams the front door behind himself as he leaves the apartment, knowing full well that Sam was following right behind him. Sue him for being rude, but he needed just
"Dean, Cas!" Sam waves his arm in the air, Gabriel is beside him. Cas can see Dean visibly relax knowing Cas isn't going to get to finish his question.
Dean glares at him. “Not many options for an omega trying to make it on their own.”
Dean opens his mouth, sucking in a breath, but nothing comes out. His heart is hammering against his chest and he starts to feel sick. He can't. Fuck. Fuck, he can't do it.
A.R.T.s at the end!
Cautiously, he steps out of the elevator and glances around. The first thing he notices is that there are plants.
The brothers get ready in relative silence and then head up to the rooms that Cas told them were theirs. Dean takes the room further down the hall saying a quiet goodnight to Sam before heading in. He closes the door most of the way and walks over to the bed seeing folded up pajamas on the corner of the bed. Dean smiles, he appreciates the offer, but he hasn’t been able to sleep comfortably in more than his boxers in years, so he sets them on the nightstand by the bed and strips to his boxers, getting in the bed.
“You okay?” Dean asks, voice huskier.
“And a mojito. Have you ever had a mojito, Dean?”
Castiel ignores him, eyes scanning over the board of coffee his brother's shop offers. "I think I'll have a medium caramel macchiato today."
Dean can feel it in his gut that Sam is lying, but for once he’s not going to push. “Alright, then if it’s not too much trouble, we’ll stay.” Better safe than sorry, right?
When Cas nods and turns around to get more coffee, Dean breates himself. He’s the only one who knows what he did last night. He needs to stop acting  weird or else Cas is going to end up finding out, and god he hates himself for kind of getting turned on again by the thought.
Dean places a hand on Castiel’s knee where it lays under the blankets of, is this Dean’s bed? “Hey, it’s okay. I was just as shocked as you were. I’m just glad you’re okay.”
Dean can see how upset Cas is by this unexpected schedule change, and he hates seeing Cas like that. "Cas, it's okay, really. Sam and I, we both had a great time today. You're a busy man, we don't expect you to form your schedule around us just because we're here. If you gotta get things done then, by all means, man, go. We can meet up again another time."
Dean swallows past the lump in his throat and nods, curling his tail around his leg.
Dean isn’t sure what Cas is trying to play at. Maybe he wants Dean to speak first. So he does, finally having enough of Cas' feathers puffing up and smoothing out. "Something you wanna say?"
Dean meets Castiel's blue eyes realizing he was most likely just visiting Gabriel, so he mouths 'oh' and nods. "I forgot he's staying here too." Dean thins his lips trying to think of something to say. He wants to keep talking to Cas, but maybe he's tired and is heading back to go to sleep now. "So I'm guessing you're heading back to your hotel now?"
“Hey, Sammy! If you’re not busy right now I want to talk to you about something.”
Their morning rolls by smoothly after this. Sam and Dean making light hearted bickering, Gabriel eventually stumbling down the steps following his nose to eat before leaving, and Cas calmly finishing his coffee. Eventually Sam and Dean have to leave and Cas sees them to the door.
Dean watches Cas from the corner of his eye. When he gets up, relief floods through Dean and he quickly stands as well. Cas bends over and comes back up with Dean's shirt. When he reaches over to Dean, shirt in hand, Dean mumbles a quiet thanks and slips it on.
“Ooookay, I don't know where that sentence is heading but it's stopping there.” Dean claps a firm hand on
*****
“Gay?”
“I didn’t want to force you into it. Just because we are true mates, doesn’t mean we should have just jumped into this with no precautions. We needed to ‘test the waters,’ as my brother would say.”
Dean seethes and glares at Sam. "What the hell, Sam?!"
Sam rolls his eyes leaving to go get food. "I lose my shoe
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mikey wants to be the one to answer the door." Gabriel shrugs.
"I'll tell you one day if that's what you want to know." Dean tries to smile. "But not right now."
Castiel stops washing the plate and looks up, his heart is in his throat. They stare at each other for what feels like an eternity. You could hear a pin drop. What does he say to that? He wanted his brothers to be supportive of his first boyfriend. “I don’t … I really like him.”
“I don’t think I have, can I try it?” Dean asks, going to grab the drink without waiting. He downs the rest of it and Castiel feels a pout twist his features. Dean puts the glass down and gives a slightly impressed face. “Not bad.” He looks back at him and bursts into laughter. Castiel’s pout deepens. “Aw, man, Cas, you look like I just stole candy from a baby.”
"Before we get started, I have to say it." He pauses. "No cheating, play fair or else it isn't any fun, but I know you're all amazing people and would never dream of doing something like that." He puts a hand up to his mouth as if to whisper to the contestant, but he brings the mic up too saying, "Especially not with so many eyes on you." The crowd laughs and he smiles clapping his hands together. "Now how about we get this show on the road?" Gabriel looks back to the contestants as the crowd cheers, he casts a glance to his little card with the questions on it. Once he's got the question, he smiles and scans over them. "Okay, we're going to start this one off real easy as a little warm up. Gotta stretch your mental legs. I need you to think long and hard on this." He pauses for dramatic effect. "What is Misha's last name?"
“Well, gee, Cas,” Dean chuckles, batting his eyelashes at him. “only maybe?”
"I am not a nerd."
Dean frowns and grabs his shoulder looking at his brother, who is staring at the meet and greet line for Jessica. "It's gonna be fine, Sam. Just remember what we practiced."
"Awesome." Dean grins widely and just as they're about to head over to the set, Sam spots blonde curly hair.
“Sammy,” Now it’s Dean’s turn to use that same tone Sam had just used on him seconds before.
While in the shower, Dean's mind keeps trying to imagine what the convention is going to be like. He's never been to anything like this before. The only thing he has been to was a concert he didn't even enjoy, and he is assuming it isn't going to be like a concert so he has no idea what to expect. Although the main event about this convention is supposed to be something called a panel and they have seats for that, though it is first come first serve for general admissions seating, so maybe it is similar to a concert.
Shit.
Gabriel scrunches his brows together. "Why? Doesn't that seem rude?"
Dean frowns, does he not want him to learn it? He didn't seem like he cared for the idea. Dean follows him out of the room. "Do you think I shouldn't?"
Sam points up the stairs with a no bullshit tolerating expressing. “Hot shower, now.”
Dean holds eye contact with the alpha, trying to think of something else to say. Was it really that simple? Does he just dive into this headfirst?
Cas follows his gaze and smiles back to Sam. "She isn't busy right now if you would like to go see her."
Cas narrows his eyes at the wall. “Do not tell me this was a prank.”
"Even I wouldn't stoop that low."
When the movie finally ends Cas doesn’t move so their thighs aren’t pressing against each other, and Dean doesn’t mind at all.
Sam chuckles shaking his head. "When it comes to food Dean will eat anything."
On the screen, they can see through the bars of a vent, and Alistair is sitting behind a desk. The room is dark, but Dean will never forget that bastard or his nasally voice. Said voice crackles through the laptop’s speakers.
It’s unheard of for omegas to be fed by their alphas. Hundreds of years ago, omega were forced to eat sitting on the floor, but it was beneath an alpha to hand feed them. Dean keeps his eyes down as he takes his fork and scoops a piece of chicken, placing it on Cas’ plate again. When he looks up, Cas is staring at the little pile of chicken that’s been accumulating as if he hasn’t seen a piece of chicken before in his life, only just now noticing Dean has been putting the chicken there. He looks up at Dean.
Meg looks between the desk and back to Bobby shrugging. “Yeah, kinda.”
Dean chuckles. “That does sound pretty good.”
Right out of the elevator, there’s a large dining room. Right next to the dining room is a kitchen and a living room off to the left. Dean looks down the other way of the hall from the elevator. There’s a room with a pair of double doors. The doors have a large textured glass pane in the center and the room looks bright on the other side. He looks back over his shoulder and sees a staircase going up so he goes up.
He says, sounding much more relaxed than he had previously.
What made you finally decide to find yourself a girlfriend?
” Castiel runs a hand through his hair, stopping at the door where their captured alpha sits. “
They say their goodbyes and make their way to the Impala, only when she comes into view does Dean realize they’re going to cover her in mud, and he doesn’t have any blankets in the trunk. He internally cringes thinking about mud getting in her seats, but sucks it up and tells himself that he’ll clean her up good tomorrow. They get in and Dean drives Cas home and when he pulls up into the driveway he looks over to Cas with a smile.
He decides he will go to the cafe after he talks to Sam and gives him his birthday present, it will still be there by the time he finishes talking to him.
“I’m not asking you to,” Cas says, his voice taking on a softer tone. Cas’ hands landing on Dean’s knees, and his wings slowly wrapping around them like a cocoon, like he’s trying to shield them from the rest of the world.
Dean looks over to Cas with a small smile, but when he sees the nervous glint in Cas' eyes, his smile falters. Cas looks like he's gonna have some kind of panic attack. His skin looks faintly paler than usual, but perhaps it's just from the fluorescent lights. Although Dean doubts it. That look plastered on his face is really throwing Dean off kilter and is making Dean worried.
It’s 8:00 when Michael finally gets home.
“We just saw you guys starting a game and wanted to come over and ask if there was room for two more players,” Dean says confidently.
“We had a good time here, thanks for the invite, Cas.” Sam says putting his shoes on and opens the door waiting for Dean.
But no pressure.
моя любовь. - my love.
When Cas leaves, Dean looks back at Meg. “Are you gonna tell me what the hell book bonging is?”
Let me know what you think!
When Sam had told Dean about the show, he wasn’t necessarily interested. It sounded odd and he honestly wasn’t sure how Sam enjoyed it so much, but Dean will admit his quick judgment. Misha, the main character, is given so much life by Castiel that Dean was enraptured the moment he came on the screen, looked around, and flashed that big grin of his. If Dean were being honest with himself he would say his heart fluttered a bit in that moment seeing the intensity in those striking blue eyes, but he plays it off as if it was a completely normal thing, and not as if he had just formed the biggest crush on a man he had ever had.
But that isn’t getting him anywhere. This isn't the direction he needs to be going. Don't insult the man you want to keep on your side.
Dean lets himself be guided to the living room, too distracted by his surroundings. The plants makes it feel like a greenhouse. A really relaxing, livable, greenhouse. The scent alone is enough to soothe any frayed nerve Dean has left. It's like a forest. Heavy pine mixed with rain. Dean takes a curious whiff in Castiel's direction. It's hard to tell since the entire penthouse smells like it, but Dean thinks that may be the alpha's scent. Pine and rain. It smells nice. Dean doesn't want to linger on why he feels relaxed after being surrounded in the scent. Dean has always liked the smell of nature, so it isn't a surprise Castiel's scent makes him feel calm. Dean hazards that the plants and Cas amplify each other's natural scents.
Sam rolls his eyes. “Don't listen to him, Cas, it wasn't your fault. You can come in.”
"Hey, ground control to Major Tom." A feminine voice says, snapping him out of his daze. He blinks a few times, actually seeing what he's staring at now, and sees Meg looking at him smugly. "Was he really that good of a lay?"
Dean smiles over at him and then starts backing out of the driveway. “Typically for first dates, I take them to a fancy restaurant, but I decided to switch it up.” Dean gives a quick glance to Cas to see him staring at him. “How do you feel about food trucks?”
Wait, did you say
Cas' expression softens and he gives him a small smile. "You don't need to apologize, Dean. I expected you to be apprehensive about me given your history with alphas. I want you to be comfortable here, and I need to earn your trust."
Dean chuckles at that but nods his understanding. “Yeah, well, he may be attractive on TV, but in person?” Dean whistles and chuckles. “I may be straight, but I can appreciate attractive men when I see them. And oh boy, his eyes were something else.” He meets her eyes and raises his brows for emphasis. “Bluest eyes I’ve ever seen. Seriously, you could get lost in those suckers.”
She gasps, thoroughly offended, “Take that back.”
lost. You simply aren’t looking in the correct place.”
Sam rolls his eyes and huffs a laugh. "Okay, sure. Nerd."
"Oh, I'm the nerd?" Dean says turning his head to Sam.
“And now we’re going to get soaked running out to the car.”
"Hello," She cheerily greets, uncapping her marker. "What's your name?"
“What can I get you both.” She asks.
They're 100 stories in the air.
Sam rolls his eyes and pushes Dean's hand down, sitting up. "I'm awake. I was just waiting for you to get out of the shower."
A faint smile appears on Dean’s lips at that thought after a disgruntled moment. It’s Tuesday, meaning, Mishapocalypse is on tonight. Also meaning takeout, junk food, and relaxing in pajamas watching the new episode with his little brother.
That’s all changed when they found out Inias was kidnapped.
Realizing what he just said Dean’s eyes fly wide open and he feels his face grow hot. “I, sorry, I didn’t, they’re just … really blue.” Dean fumbles for his words and tries to cover it up, but he only succeeds in making himself even more embarrassed. There is a moment of silence and Dean thinks he royally messed up his first ever meeting with Castiel, but the next moment he braves a look at the man. His eyes are crinkled and the corner of his lips are turned up in a smile, then before he knows it there is a small laugh that comes from Castiel and it makes all his embarrassment worth it.
Dean rolls his eyes at his brother and takes a bite of his burger. "I just ran into Cas in the elevator, I wasn't sure where to get some food so he showed me this little fast food place." Dean shrugs as if it was some kind of everyday happening, but in reality, he's still reeling over the occurrence.
"You should come." Castiel pipes in, smiling at Dean in what he hopes is a reassuring smile. He looks back to Castiel and holds his eyes for a long moment before he replies.
Cas takes a sharp breath, his pupils dilating. He growls quietly, sliding his hand to the back of Dean’s neck and squeezing. He then drops his hand to Dean’s arm. “Why did you ask if I hated you?”
“I’m not.” He cuts in. When Castiel gives him a skeptical stare he elaborates. “I promise, I was just telling him the gold ticket met you because you left it out.”
The bell rings indicating the end of class and he looks up surprised. Had he really been spacing out that long?
"Not gay, if that's what you're going to ask." He turns his eyes to Dean with a soft smile, and a light blush creeps across Dean's face.
"I envy you, Dean," Cas says, startling Dean a bit.
Sorry about the late update, I was on vacation all last week and didn't have my laptop so I couldn't write this chapter. I’ve also had a lot happening in my life recently, but I finally sat down and churned it out and here it is! Just know, if this feels rushed, it’s because it is … I had absolutely nothing planned for this chapter and I kinda just winged it. (I hate writing dinner scenes like this so I don’t know why I keep adding them in all of my stories xD). Anyway, thanks for sticking with me! Enjoy!
Dean moves aside for the alphas to leave and he just watches them stunned. Why would Cas shoot his own men? Dean looks back at Cas when they’re alone and he just stares for a while. Cas is staring out the window, still as a statue.
Inias takes his time making his drink, trying to talk to him the whole time. Normally, Castiel wouldn’t mind talking to a bartender. But knowing Inias has a crush on him makes him feel like he’s giving the man false hope. Not to mention it brings his guilt back full force.
“Try including him more.”
Dean lets out an exasperated sigh and an over dramatic eyeroll. “That kid never learns, does he?” Dean crosses his arms over his chest with a shake of his head. “He was making fun of Ann and he called her a stalker for admiring Castiel and knowing a lot about him, so I told him to chill out. Stalker is a harsh word and it looked like he hurt her feelings.” He shrugs as if he didn’t take any of what Carlos said personally. “I didn’t really raise my voice, just laid it out there that it wasn’t appreciated or nice to say those things.”
“Yes,” Castiel says immediately, not bothering to think about it as he pulls his phone out and hands it to Dean. Dean grins at him cheerily while he puts his number in Castiel’s phone. A moment later, Dean’s phone buzzes meaning he probably sent himself a text.
Cas turns to Dean and motions to his trailer, looking almost shy. "I hope you don't mind, but I had food brought to my trailer for us."
"Dean told me on Friday that he doesn't want to be famous, and I know you acting like you two are good friends won't make him famous, but it will put a possible target on his back that he doesn't want. So please act as if he is just another contestant."
He hears Gabriel talking to the person that just walked in, but he can’t hear what they’re saying. Dean takes a sip of his drink leaning back in his chair, then he hears Gabriel’s voice directed at him. “You’re having too much fun over there for grading papers, Dean.”
“Ah, yeah, about that, little brother. I'm not coming, neither is anyone else. Samerella and Dean-o are there though, that's all that matters.”
The blonde's eyes widen and she looks to Dean again. "Really?"
Dean wasn't surprised to see Sam already up and around by the time he woke up. If Dean were in his brother's shoes he wouldn't have slept at all, honestly, he'd be a mess on the inside and barely holding it together on the outside. And Dean being Dean would find a way to fuck it all up, but Sam isn't Dean, he's better than him. He won't mess this up, he's going to be just fine. Dean is sure of it.
” Castiel isn’t in the mood to explain, he’ll have time to do so later.
After Cas’ … breakdown? It’s been chaos. Dean has been living here for a little while now, and it’s always been rather peaceful. When he moved in, he was expecting some shit out of The Godfather, but it never happened. Instead, Dean had only seen Cas peacefully tending to his plants or reading files. He would leave randomly at all times of the day and have a lot of phone calls, but that was the extent of what Dean’s seen of him working.
"So you just go along with him?"
"Great, then we'll waste no time. Question one, In the episode "Thunderstruck", what did Matt tell Misha?"
Gabriel smirks rolling his eyes. "Uh-huh, suuure you were." Gabriel turns back to the crowd and brings the mic to his mouth again. "I apologize to the other eight contestants, but it looks like we have a winner." The contestants leave the stage and Gabriel motions for Dean to stand. "What's your name, kiddo?"
“Thank you, it was my parent's house, but they gave it to me a few years ago. I have to admit though I would be much more comfortable in a smaller home.”
I forgot there are people like @
The man arches his brow. “This way,
When he pulls into Cas’ driveway he’s completely calm, only getting butterflies when he sees Cas come out the door. He can’t stop the smile from spreading across his face when he meets Cas’ eyes through the glass, Cas smiling back just as wide.
There is a pause in the texts, then,
“I had to go through it a bit with Castiel, but his experience was easier than most.” Gabriel shrugs.
Dean has to chuckle at his own joke or he may just start hyperventilating as he wipes his sweaty palms on his jeans.
“Thanks,” Dean says quietly and takes them.
A chapter update on time?! xD I was really feeling this chapter and couldn't stop writing it and because of that it's like ... really long. Also meaning I could have missed spelling errors and whatnot, but I tried to catch them
Gabriel arches his brow. "Cas,"
She gawks at him, ignoring the little bits of spilled coffee on her desk. “Oh. My. Goddesses. You got laid!” She whispers excitedly, brimming with unbridled energy.
Cas turns his head towards Dean, and after a moment Dean does the same, their eyes locking for what feels like a very long time, and actually turns out to be a very long time. Cas sees something spark in Dean's green eyes, something like desire, and Cas internally curses Gabriel. If he hadn't told Cas that Dean might be bi, then Cas's mind wouldn't be making these things up right now. Now, looking into Dean's eyes, it's making Cas want to kiss the man.
bad, and he thinks he’s actually starting to break through if the look he gave him at the diner was anything to go by.
When they finish, Cas puts his hand on the small of Dean’s back again and leads him out the door to where Balthazar is waiting by the car. The beta opens the door for them and they climb in. Neither of them speak for the ride back. When they get into the penthouse, though, Cas finally breaks.
I really appreciate all of you who have been leaving your support for this fic! I definitely struggled with this chapter, and I'll probably change it later, but for now, here it is. If you have any suggestions to make this better, I'd love to hear it.
Dean licks his lips, eyeing the tofu. “Isn’t it embarrassing?”
If that man really was Sam, that changes everything.
His accent is a little thicker and Dean wonders if it gets like that when Cas gets too emotional or doesn’t know how to handle a situation. It’s kinda endearing. It’s also helping to have something to focus on aside from his twisting stomach.
