He coughed lightly to announce his presence, something his Uncle Sam had taught him “Dad? Father?” he started, sliding round to the other side of the table “I am visiting Heaven today, some of the healers require assistance in learning about human medicine. Balthazar was helping them, but he hasn’t been accurate with some major points, and Chuck is worried about them visiting Earth and doing something silly.”
Not a moment passed before a slightly annoyed Chuck appeared before them. He was dressed in his usual attire, jeans and a zip up hoody, with Converse on his feet.
“Thank you so much Chuck, for telling me this. Can I ask what happened to Jess?” he wash bashful, hoping Chuck wouldn’t be upset at the question.
“Well, you’re just in luck. We made burgers and fries, and were waiting for you before we ate. Cas doesn’t need to eat, but he enjoys burgers. So, you can have extra fries.”
Dean whipped round, the smile on his face growing into a grin, his eyes also softened at the sight of his husband “hiya babe” he kissed Cas on the cheek. Cas leaned into the kiss for a moment before pulling back.
“Cas, please, listen to me, because now I know I’ve gotta’ say this.” He takes a breath. His heart beats against his ribs, and suddenly all that running has caught up to him and he feels like he can’t breathe again. Somehow, he finds it in him to speak.
Soon enough, they’ll both be where they should be. Monsters belonged in Purgatory. Dean was no monster.
Dean nods his head, and Castiel can see how his face has fallen since he’d first seen him. He’s disappointed. Castiel had been expecting that look. “That’s a good question.”
Dean has been working on the house again, and today he returns to Cas in the garden, sitting under a pre-sunset sky, the sun’s sleepy light washing everything in pink. Just above them birds sing, accompanied by the gentle percussion of the rustling of the leaves in the gentle breeze, and walking up the garden path, Miracle bouncing up behind him, Dean wipes his brow and hands Cas a beer, chilled and breathtakingly refreshing after a day spent in the Kansas summer heat. Before he sits, he places a kiss on the crown of Cas’s head, dark hair tickling his nose as he does.
Now he needs space. The only place he can think of is the dungeon and he heads there as fast as his weary legs will take him.
“That’s not true. I love dogs,” Dean protests, although Cas seems unconvinced. Dean bends down again, ruffling the fur just below Miracle’s ears. “Don’t worry he’ll warm up to you, boy. If not, we’ll have to find him a new home, won’t we?”
Castiel sighs and rolls his eyes again. He knew Dean would call him that if he wore this sweater. It’s a nickname that’d stuck since he first bought it last winter, and at first it took him a while to understand why Dean was always asking him if it was a beautiful day in the neighbourhood anytime he wore it. He doesn’t care about how he looks right now though; this sweater is the only thing that’s keeping in any semblance of heat.
By the end of the week, after what seems like one hundred books, no leads, and countless hours researching, Sam’s the one who finally finds something.
With misty, grieving, gazes, the two share a heartbroken smile. Too many years stolen by self-imposed silence. So many moments lost. Finally, though, the words that had rung in his ears since the moment he’d heard them make sense. His happiness, this whole time, was in just saying it.
Castiel quickly spun around, hiding the pie with his body. Before he had a chance to make himself look anymore presentable, Dean was in the doorway clutching a pack of beer. He was wearing that green shirt that Castiel loved on him – the one that matched his eyes and made his skin look even more sun-kissed than usual. The pink bridge of his nose, sunburned from falling asleep outside the day before, was dotted with hundreds of tiny golden freckles. Castiel could barely breathe. Dean always looked handsome, but today he found him almost incomprehensibly beautiful.
Castiel’s stomach lurches, and he finds it hard not to look away. He doesn’t understand the blind faith Dean has in him. He doesn’t understand why Dean had prayed every night, and he doesn’t understand why Dean cares, and he doesn’t understand why Dean always tries to see the good in him, when Castiel knows there is no good in him left to find. “No.” He says it so quietly that he almost doesn’t hear himself.
The vampire fully laughs now and Castiel feels like his skin is searing. When he sees the expression on Castiel’s face, the vampire realises he is being serious and says, “Well I’m sorry to break it to you. We’re stuck here forever, pal. Ain’t no way to leave.”
Cas said he wasn’t like that, Cas believed he was good, and he wants to believe it too. So badly Dean wants Cas to be right, but with how he’s feeling now, maybe even Cas got it wrong.
Beams from twin headlights meet in the centre of the dark, open road. He’s thankful that it’s empty now. He’s waited long enough.
Heaven, almost all of humanity, and a good man, wiped out because of the stupidity of one arrogant, fallen angel.
Dean catches the backend of a look Sam and Cas exchange. He doesn’t even mind that they’re making fun of him. He’s just glad that everyone is here.
“What do you mean? They weren’t the right size, and anyway this way I can make sure they’re just how you want them.”
Dean is still standing there, watching Castiel with eager eyes, and it’s obvious that he’s not leaving until he sees him try some. Castiel turns his attention to the soup. He can’t deny that it’s wonderfully warm in his hands, and from what he can smell, although he can’t smell much, it doesn’t seem too offensive. Surely if Sam is still alive it can’t be that bad. He gathers some on his spoon and brings it to his mouth. To his surprise it’s not bad, although it probably helps that he hasn’t been able to taste anything for a few days now.
Dean laughs, dragging his eyes from the book and back to Sam, who he’s surprised to find is frowning at him. “Why wouldn’t I be? It’s Cas.”
“Of course,” Castiel rushes out, the remainder of the air in his lungs going with the words. He places both hands on either side of Dean’s face and follows the faint lines of those crinkles in the corners of his soft, sparkling, peridot eyes. They gazed up at Castiel from underneath two sets of long eyelashes, the ends of which looked like they’d been sprinkled with the same gold dust his freckles were made of. The fullness of his cheeks meant that the skin under his lids was satiny where the light touched it, but Castiel’s eyes were drawn down, trailing the curve of Dean’s pearly pink lips. He resisted the pull of them long enough to say, “Dean, of course I will.”
Cas’s eyes are wide, tears pooling at the bottom, and like raindrops would trickle from flower petals under clear skies, they spill over his white rose lids and wet his cheeks. Dean cups his face, and with his rough, calloused thumb, he brushes them away. He hopes it says everything he wants it to. He hopes Cas knows what he means.
A chuckle escaping his lips, Castiel shook his head and edged forward, keeping his footsteps as light as possible. He didn’t want to wake Dean if he could help it – he’d already lost enough sleep to last him a lifetime. Untying the knots in his laces, Castiel eased the boots off, one after the other, and Dean stirred, his eyes opening a crack. Castiel’s heart sank, but as soon as those green eyes saw him, Dean’s lips pulled into a lazy, sleepy smile and Castiel couldn’t resist. He leaned across and placed a chaste kiss on Dean’s forehead, his lips barely touching his skin. He heard Dean sigh underneath him.
Of course, it’s not perfect. Even with Cas back, Dean still has sleepless nights, still haunted by those dreams and the faces of the people he couldn’t save. That anger and frustration still burn within him, but a gentle hand across the dinner table, and a reassuring look, is all he needs to know Cas understands.
He knows that Benny is right. It would be more than a shame. It would be devastating. That still doesn’t mean that Castiel deserves to have a friend like Dean.
Is this how Dean feels? If so, Castiel would have to add it to the list of things about Dean Winchester than left him in awe.
“I may have attempted to bake you something.” Castiel replied before turning around and pretending to work on the pie, not wanting Dean to see his cheeks burn with embarrassment. Why had he thought this was a good idea again? He had wanted to make Dean happy, because Dean hadn’t had much to smile about in his time on Earth, and yet he’d still managed to make it so that Castiel did. Castiel had wanted to return the favour, but this seemed so ridiculous now – Dean had helped Castiel escape Heaven, taught him that it was better to have free will, given him a place to call his own, and all Castiel had to offer was a pie.
Castiel sees how that wipes the expression off the vampire’s face, leaving only the faintest of smirks, and he feels the corners of his own mouth twist up a little.
He can’t help but notice the empty spaces around him. There’s no gentle eyes to greet him on the other side of the table. No texts. No calls. Nobody to share the flickering glow of the television screen as they watch his favourite movies. There are gaps shaped like Cas every which way he turns. Life is just emptier without him. Desaturated.
It was time to assemble and Castiel was nervous. In all his years, he’d barely cooked never mind baked anything, and he wanted this pie to be as good for Dean as he could make it. He remembered reading somewhere that food tasted better when it was made with love. He didn’t understand how, but just in case it was true, he thought of Dean as he worked.
“Oh,” Dean shifts his gaze and heads towards the turntable, “it’s stupid.” He picks up the vinyl sleeve that was sat on the side and flips it over. Castiel might have believed he was reading the track list if it weren’t for his eyes staying fixed in one spot.
Samandriel breathed a sigh of relief, glad he wouldn’t have to watch himself constantly “thanks dad” he whispered, a hint of joy in his voice.
Cas rolled his eyes again, surprised that they haven’t strained “of course you’re welcome, just check with Dean that it’s ok to use his kitchen” he laughed.
Chuck looked at Dean with a mixture of love, pride, and acceptance. Samandriel was crying, he knew Castiel and Dean loved him but to hear it so deeply and clearly spoken, hurt his heart in a way that felt strange, but good.
“It’s not other hunters we hear these stories from” she said, her voice gentle “it’s the people you save. One of us stops off in some little town, and a civilian spots something different about us, and tell us the story of two, sometimes three, guys who rolled into town and stopped the strange shit from continuing. Or, how a guy in a black muscle car saved her kid, while a tall floppy-haired boy, spoke in a strange language, that stopped her neighbour from killing her. You leave a legacy behind, in every town you enter. With every life you save.”
Sam smiled, glad that no one was having an existential crisis “that’s good. But Chuck, has a liking for hunters who protect people, who wouldn’t hurt a human unless necessary. And by necessary, he means to protect some on else. He makes sure all of them get into heaven.”
“Yes, he’ll be fine in a moment once his grace settles down. Now, I must get back to Heaven, but I’ll see you guys soon. I’ll keep in touch now that I’m back”.
“Oh Dean, we are a bunch of dumbasses” Cas laughed lightly. He pulled back slightly from Dean, and placed a gentle kiss on his lips “now that Samandriel is coming back, we can do it properly this time."
Dean couldn’t breathe. His mom, dad, Sammy, Gabriel. Hell, everyone suffered because he was supposed to find his Angel, it wasn’t fair.
She waved her hands “too much. Erm, lets see, took a nest of 20 vampires down, just the two of you. Can cure demons, turning them human. Friends with Death. Killed Death. Friends with the King of Hell. Died way too many times. Been to Heaven, Hell and Purgatory. Broke someone out of Hell. Friends with Loki. Sam’s better with magic than most witches. Can both speak fluid Latin, and can recite a reverse exorcism from memory. Not sure what else, but is all that true?”
Samandriel giggled “Uncle Sam calls in eye fucking. But, yes, Father is still in his original vessel if that’s what you mean.”
Samandriel enjoyed being alive again, he enjoyed reuniting with Castiel and Dean. He also secretly enjoyed his parents being overprotective of him. Castiel was worried he wasn’t enjoying life with their semi-human family. Dean, well he was worried Samandriel wasn’t getting enough from the human life, but he was also worried about him getting hurt. It was confusing at times, but he’d never felt better. He still felt a thrill of joy and excitement every time he, or someone else, referred to Castiel and Dean as his Father and Dad.
Samandriel remained standing. He wanted to be able to see everyone’s reaction. Taking a deep breath, he explained everything that had happened from the moment he had thought of the idea, right up until he landed at the front door.
There was sounds of agreement and laughter from around the table. Most people knowing what the car meant to Dean and Sam.
Samandriel laughed, his parents were funny. He had to leave soon, he had been advised by one of the keepers that the souls he needed met up every day near this time, and he didn’t want to miss them.
With one last hug, they parted ways. Samandriel continued down the corridor until he reached the end, and as William stated, there were two doors. He took a deep breath, and squared his shoulders before he opened the door praying to Chuck that everything goes well.
Dean nodded, glad that Sam had Gabriel in his life, he wasn’t blind, he knew there was something between him, but decided not to worry about it.
Just as Sam reached for a plate, Dean slapped his hands away “go get the munchkin and we can eat together when Alfie gets here”.
Sam stood off to the side, smiling proudly at his big brother. Sam wasn’t stupid, he knew the only reason dean was able to speak freely was because the hold the Darkness had over him was gone. But, he wasn’t going to look a gift-horse in the mouth. At least Dean was starting to see that he was worth a damn.
Smiling gently, Karen walked over for a quick hug. She moved over to stand next to Bobby, as Samandriel walked away.
“Sam and Dean told me a great deal on what happened when you came through the door. They told me about the things you taught them, and pass on that knowledge to every hunter they can. It is now common for hunters to carry bullets carved with Devil Trap’s. They have also opened the Men of Letters Bunker to the hunting community, offering the knowledge it holds. Sam also has a help desk set up, with online archives of the books in the libraries, and they offer a system that alerts the Bunker if a hunter on a dangerous hunt does not check in every 4 hours. We know the Men of Letters didn’t appreciate hunters the same way you came to, but I thought you’d like to know that the bunker is helping save lives.”
Dean whipped his head around to face the man. “Chuck…” he trailed off at the ethereal look in Chuck’s eyes “you son of a bitch!” he growled, attempting to punch Chuck, but Cas held him back.
John decided to ask the question that had been bothering him for a while now “what about the Impala? Does Dean still have her, because you haven’t mentioned it yet?”
His first impressions of the bar were far different from what he was expecting, the way Dean described it was ‘dusty but filled with love’ but the bar before him was far from dusty, it was bright, and filled with souls. The souls were mesmerising to watch, the way their energies combined to let out a warm glow filled with love and joy.
“Ok, I really must leave now. Dad is praying to me.” Waving to everyone, he turned to leave by the door before realising he could fly out now he was no longer trying to startle them.
Gabe sighed in relief “if it’s not too much bother, could my room be near someone’s” he trailed off sheepishly, before whispering “I’m still not entirely sure this is real”.
Cas sighed again, know the next part might be hard for Sam and Dean "when I went into the war room, Sam, you where looking through files for a case...a lawyer case. And, your dad was on the phone, he had been called into work, he was a policeman. But, there was someone else there, and I don't want to upset anyone, so I think I should keep it to myself" he finished.
Cas nodded to Gabriel as he passed, realising what he was doing. He had to stay here for Dean and Samandriel, but was glad his friend had someone to be there with him. Nodding to a chair, Castiel indicated that Samandriel should sit down. He knew this could take a while.
Cas rolled his eyes skywards, as Sam laughed next to him "of course you were, you idiot! Do you think I stuck about after the apocalypse because I wanted to see how long Sam's hair could get?" He asked, rhetorically.
“Ok Gabriel, I think you’ve strangled the poor thing enough” he laughed as he pulled the excited Archangel off the little guy.
Dean puffed up with pride, while Cas huffed, and Chuck shot a mock-shocked look at Dean “you have corrupted him!”
Cas took him gently by the arm, and made him sit down “you know I’ve thought of you as my son since the first moment I held you. Dean has felt you as his son since our profound bond was acknowledged, and Sam is very accepting and loving. He will enjoy being your uncle. And you obviously remember Gabe from your younger years, he adored you, and still does. I’m sure he’ll be straight out once he realises you are here.”
Mary had tried hard not to cry, but this pushed her over the edge “I won’t tell anyone, thank you so much for telling me though.”
“Dad” Samandriel called quietly as he walked into the garage, not wanting to startle him “where is Father?”
Arriving outside the Bunker door, Samandriel was glad he had visited everyone, but he was nervous to share with his family. Taking a deep breath, he opened the door and headed down the stairs.
Dean spluttered, not really sure how to reply to that. Luckily, the sound of wings interrupted him “Dean” came Castiel’s deep voice “I didn’t know you felt that way when I left with Gabriel. I’m sorry, I should have spoken to you more on the subject.”
“Well” Chuck hummed “not exactly, but, when the universe was created it needed a purpose, an anchor, to thrive. But, it couldn’t be one singular entity, it needed two sources which would combine and continue on indefinitely. That’s why it took so long for Earth to settle properly. Castiel was the last Angel in existence created from the stars. I noticed it was easier to create human souls after Castiel. After the Leviathans, it was almost too easy.
Dean understood, the djinn had given him a glimpse at a normal life, and it dredged up the memories of his missing family.
Bobby snorted “boy, how many times did I tell you those boys loved you? You just didn’t want to see it” he shrugged.
Chuck smiled brightly “No, thank you Castiel. I am glad you survived all the bad that has happened to you over the short course of time since Hell. It does me well to see not one, but four of my children striving against evil, and uniting in Love. Now, it’s time I went home, but before I do, I have a few things to say” he turned to Sam, who froze unsure as to how God might treat him.
“oh god” Ellen said, suddenly remembering what they were talking about “you were really bad with that, Bill. I thought I was going to have to take you to the hospital to be put on a drip, you were so dehydrated. Luckily you got better, and a sly anonymous tip got that place shut down for good.”
Smiling sadly, Samandriel spoke quietly “he wasn’t doing well for a while, he was resurrected after you death, and had no memories of his life. They managed to get them back, but then Dad and him ended up in Purgatory. It took a while, and some unhealthy coping mechanisms, but they got out and after years of almost-apocalypses, they managed to settle into a decent life together.”
Bobby nodded, and pulled back so he could turn to speak to everyone else “he’s good, lets all sit down and he can catch us up” he then turned back to Samandriel “I’m assuming a lot has changed, since you’re living on Earth but visiting Heaven?”
Dean smiled gently at the boy “don’t worry Alfie, your Uncle Sammy is just giving us some time together before he comes to sit with us. He’s sitting with your Uncle Gabe right now. Gabe only came back today, so he’s still adjusting to suddenly being alive again.”
“Cas, I’m sorry for everything that has happened to you over the last 7 years. If it weren’t for me, none of that bad crap would have happened to you…you should have left me in Hell” he whispered the last part, tears gathering in his eyes.
John laughed too, rubbing the back of his neck in embarrassment “I had two kids in the back of that car, I hated cleaning up sick and I couldn’t exactly force you to do it since you had food poisoning from a diner I took you to!”
Cas was first to find his words “Samandriel” he choked out “son, come here” he whispered, tears gathering in his eyes. He pulled the nervous angel towards him, and enveloped him in a warm hug.
“No. No child, don’t kneel in my presence, I do not deserve it after all I left you to face” God gripped his arm tightly and pulled him to his feet.
Glad for the momentary distraction, he sighed and nodded “lemonade would be wonderful if you have any.”
“Who are you, and what do you want?” Ash started “we were told that Angels would leave us alone, unless something big happened.”
Dean blinked, he didn’t think about that “Actually, we’ll start with salads and all that other healthy crap Sammy eats.”
“Of course we were waiting” Cas said gruffly “I’m sorry I couldn’t save you, we tried so hard to get to you in time.”
“Oh Chuck, I’d forgotten about that” pausing for a moment, he waited to see if anyone else would speak up. When no one apparently wanted to continue, he looked back at Jody and asked what had been on his mind for the last few minutes “you tell them anything else, anything important, or should I do that before I pull out the big guns” Sam had wandered passed at this moment, but stopped to listen to his brother, noticing the gleam in his eye that meant he was going to get serious.
He’d been living in the bunker for over a year, when an idea came to him. He’d spent many hours listening to Dean, Castiel, Sam and Gabriel share stories about their family – “they’re your family too, kiddo” Dean had said – and now he wanted to meet them. He spoke to Chuck through his Grace, asking for access to the Soul Area, telling him what he wanted to do. Chuck had agreed, on the basis that he did not tell Gabriel of his plans, as he was still in a timeout from there after he annoyed a few Renaissance painters the first time he went back to Heaven.
Stood amongst the fruits of his labour, Castiel drank in the moment. It felt like Heaven out there in his garden – the humming of the bees, the rustling of the leaves – the warm sun smiling on his face. He breathed in, letting that calming, fragrant smell of lavender fill him up. This wasn’t a distant dream or a borrowed memory. This was real. Home.
“Exactly, Cas. The world is saved, the fight is over, and I still need you.” Desperate and broken, Dean’s voice exposes exactly how he’s feeling, and for once he doesn’t care. He hopes Cas can hear every crack, every break, every shaky, shallow breath. He hopes Cas can hear that he’s the reason his barely-mended heart keeps beating. “Don’t you get it? I never wanted you to leave.”
The words twist in his chest like knives, and Dean does his best not to react. He can feel Jack and Sam step closer behind him. He’s putting them all at risk by still being here. He shouldn’t be listening to this. He should go.
“Well, since you made this beauty,” he gestured to the pie, “what can I help with in your garden? Does the fence still need painting?”
Castiel grew flowers too. When he and Dean had moved in, the patch of dirt at the end of the garden looked more like a freshly-dug grave than a flowerbed. Castiel, knowing that Dean had seen far too many of those in his lifetime, was determined to change that. In just a few days, he’d made it home to sunflowers, which Jack was particularly fond of, and gerberas, their pink and orange and yellow faces bright against the dark earth, and his personal favourite, French lavender, which had tripled in size since he’d planted it. Its scent, fresh and soapy, filled the garden, and it’s purple, cylindrical blooms were always busy with honeybees from the hive that lived just beside it.
Dean raises his bottle too. His voice low, he adds “and to Cas, whose sacrifice saved the world and made this – our freedom – possible.”
This is the first time he and the vampire have been alone together, and the Purgatory air felt particularly thick in that moment.
just a brief warning that there are mentions of dean cutting himself as part of a spell in this chapter. nothing detailed - i kept it as vague as i could, but i wanted to add this warning just in case.
“Cas? Can you hear me?” Trying his best not to startle him, Dean shakes him gently. “Come on man, you’ve gotta’ wake up. It’s time to come home.”
They’re walking for what seems like the hundredth day in a row, and Castiel catches Dean staring at him for the third time in five minutes.
Dean can’t stand to look at it anymore. He takes the penknife from his pocket and starts to carve Cas’s name there. He scratches the
Dean laughs, genuine and warm, and more musical than the song still playing behind them. “I-, I guess you did.” Meeting Castiel’s eyes, he says, his voice hushed, “I think you’re the only person who ever could,” and then he takes the ring out from its groove in the velvet and snaps the box shut, throwing it to one side. He takes Castiel’s hand, slides the silver band onto his finger and once it’s in its new home, he brings Castiel’s hand to his lips and places a chaste kiss there.
Dean carries her in the crook of his arm, and he tickles her just under her chin. “Come on, little lady let’s go say hi to Jack.”
Castiel returns to that stream often. There’s always a wave of guilt that rises from deep within his gut, whenever he does. When his eyes are closed though, he can push down that overfamiliar sensation just long enough to feel like his old self. As long as he’s still in Purgatory, he’s allowed to remember the things he fell for on Earth. That was the closest to home he’d ever feel again.
“You’d have loved to have seen Jack playing with Freya. He’s a good brother to her. I wish you could have seen them together because you’d have been so proud.” He smiles and thinks about how Kelly would have looked if she’d been there that afternoon – skin bronzed, smile wide, her infinitely kind expression and her hand squeezing Castiel’s as they watched them play.
Dean tries not to let Chuck’s words stick. He tries so hard to forget them as soon as they’re spoken, but every one of them hits exactly where Chuck wants them to. They’re reinforcing everything Dean has been thinking since that night.
Dean shoots up from his pillow, his clothes stuck to his skin, his shallow, shaking breaths echo through the silence of the Bunker. Under the bright light of the lamp beside him, he has to shield his eyes, disoriented and breathing hard. He rubs his eyes, willing away the memory of that nightmare, and all those that came before it, and when he opens them again he’s met with a fuzzy crowd of empty beer bottles, which have definitely gathered around like that to mock him.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say. He thinks about telling him his plan, just for something to say, but then he decides against it. For it to definitely work, Castiel needs to keep it to himself. It’s the only way he can guarantee that nothing goes wrong.
His handprint, the only thing that proves he was real. It’s as close as he’ll ever get to the real him again.
That was a nice tradition, Castiel thought. “In that case I’ll take a slice with the deformed flower please.”
When he opens his eyes again, he’s jarred back to reality. The stream doesn’t sparkle here, and there is no yellow acacia tree, or hyacinth bush or tulips in amongst the dazzlingly green grass. There is only the grey sky and the muddy ground and that oppressive, stagnant air. Earth, humanity, and Dean – they don’t belong here. This is where monsters live.
It couldn’t have been Dean’s. The warding on his ribs still keeps his hidden from Castiel, and there isn’t enough of it anyway. Castiel hadn’t been able to actually see Dean’s humanity for years now, but even after seven months in Purgatory, he knew that there would be far more than this. Whoever’s this is had been here much, much longer.
“You really scared me, you idiot,” Dean chuckles as he drops his head and shakes it, “for a minute there I thought you were gonna’ say no.” The relief in his voice is tangible, and Castiel wonders how Dean could ever think that he wouldn’t blindly follow him to the ends of the Earth like he hadn’t already been doing it for fifteen years.
“You think you save people? You sent me back like a lamb to the slaughter, brother. You didn’t save me. You couldn’t save the angel in Purgatory neither. What makes you think you can save him now?”
They drink in contemplative silence for a moment, Chuck’s words still ringing in Dean’s ears, and though he feels pathetic, doubt gets the better of him. “Do you think he knew? How much I-,” he stops himself and rephrases, “how much we cared about him?”
“There we go,” Dean says with a toothy grin, “you’ll feel better in no time.” He whips the dishcloth he’s been running through his fingers over his shoulder and heads back to the kitchen, brushing a hand on Castiel’s arm as he passes by.
He puts the spare bottle on the table, hands one to Sam and joins him where he sits. A tense silence that has followed them since their drive back hangs heavy between them, and after a sip of his drink, Sam finally breaks it.
He should’ve asked Jack to bring him back when he had the chance. He wanted to. He was halfway there, but he knows Jack would have brought him back if he could. He brought Eileen back, Sam didn’t even have to ask. Besides, bringing him back from the empty would definitely have consequences. Dean’s had enough of consequences.
A few feet from the door, something takes shape in the nothingness in front of them. Soon enough, they’re facing an entity in Meg’s shape.
He sits on his knees, his hands intertwined and resting on his lap. He’s looking over the stream again, but the sound of the trickling water is muffled by the memory of Dean calling Cas’ name, and laughing as he pulled him in tight, and when he closes his eyes this time, he doesn’t see a garden. Instead, he imagines that drive Dean wanted him to go on.
“I’m fine, “ he replies, a little too quickly. It's a response he’d watched Dean use a hundred times before when he didn’t want to talk about something, so naturally it doesn’t work, and Dean tries to catch his eyes. Castiel is focused on trying to sense any leviathans. They couldn’t be too far away. He has to make sure he notices them. He’s with Dean now. He can’t let his focus slip.
As unfunny as the joke was, it grounded Castiel and he was grateful for it. Not wanting to encourage him however, he sighed and tried to sound as unimpressed as he could. “No, Dean.”
He works away at the daisy chain, listening intently as Freya tells him about how her Barbie dolls got married, and how Jack and her had cooked them dinner for their anniversary in the playhouse earlier, and when he looks up from his busy hands, he notices that her tongue sits in the corner of her mouth when she’s trying her best to copy him and squash a daisy through the stem of another. He wonders if he’ll ever tire of discovering which endearing Winchester traits she inherited. He doesn’t think he will.
Dean let out an “ooo” before abandoning his beer and taking the spoon, pushing the whole thing into his mouth. Castiel couldn’t help but smile; there was something about Dean’s childlike excitement over food that was so endearing, even if he suspected the reason for it wasn’t anything but heart-breaking.
At the time he thought it was apt that he set the fire. He was the reason Cas was gone after all, and like those flames took Cas, Dean was engulfed in his anger, consumed by his guilt, and it left him nothing but a burnt out, broken man, fragmented. He felt damaged beyond repair.
“You did your best, Dean,” Cas replies, offering Dean a reassuring smile. “That’s all you can ever do, and given the father you and Sam had, you did better than anyone could’ve expected you to.” There he is, understanding as always, and Dean’s heart aches with how much he loves him for it. He’s sure his face shows just how much, but he doesn’t worry about it. Instead, reaching over the table, he places his hand above Cas’s and holds it there.
“Dean,” Sam says again, which causes Dean to look up. The expression on Sam’s face, painted with pity, tells him that his search is pointless.
Just when he thought he knew everything he could know about him, Castiel is surprised again by Dean Winchester. He imagines that freckle-faced boy, lost and afraid and unable to turn to anyone but the stars in the sky for comfort and, as childish as it sounds, Castiel wishes he were the angel that put them there.
Castiel is frowning in disbelief now, but Dean is insistent, pushing the bowl closer to him. “Cas don’t make me take that spoon and feed you myself,” he says a little more serious now. “Trust me on this. You’ll feel better in no time.”
Dean hangs up the phone, eyes never leaving Cas, who is staring at the ‘C’ scratched into the table’s surface.
Castiel tried his best to hold back a smile – sometimes, he liked to play innocent just to see the look on Dean’s face. “Yes, the fence looks much better painted.”
They spend the night buried in books. Miracle keeps Dean company when Sam accidentally falls asleep, nodding off just after the fourth book of the night. It’s been a long few weeks. Dean can’t blame him for it. The only thing keeping him from sleep himself is the idea that he might have to live through Cas getting taken again.
The whole time he’s there he keeps his eyes averted from the dungeon, focusing on the boxes and their labels.
i just want to say something directly to readers of this fic now. first of all, thank you so much for making it this far into the fic and actually finishing it. wtf that means so much. i hope it was worth it.
The only way Dean can think to get this feeling to go away is to see him again. To brush his cheek, and not a stupid letter on a table.
“Dean, I cried over a cake today, it can’t be anymore stupid than that.” Just reminding Dean about it made his cheeks warm again. Embarrassment always was his least favourite discovery about humanity.
The words ring in his ears. Castiel moves his hands through the water again and again, but it’s useless. He knows this blood could never be washed clean. He is a monster, and if he’d learned anything from Dean, it was that monsters need to be hunted. Here, he’d be hunted by leviathans until the end of time. Castiel knows there is no better place for him.
Those three damned words, like Dean knew exactly what to do to rip Castiel’s heart out. Dean never admitted that he needed anything from anyone. How is Castiel supposed to deny him now?
There was a trail of crumbs leading from the pie across the counter, a fork left on the side. “Dean?” Castiel called. Still no response. He turned the corner and entered the living room. There Dean was, slumped in an armchair, his eyes closed and mouth slack. A beer rested on his chest, just shy of tipping over in his loose grip. Castiel’s eyes observed the softness of his features and the slow rise and fall of his chest. Dean was so handsome, even like this, and there was a warmth spreading under Castiel’s skin.
Book grasped tight to his chest; he sprints to the kitchen and grabs some, spilling some of it in the process.
“Right,” Dean says, and starts reaching for the penknife in his back pocket. “When you were gone, I tried to write your name, but I thought you should do it yourself. Couldn’t bring myself to finish it after…it’s a long story.” He holds out the knife to Cas. “I guess I don’t have to now.”
“Oh, yes, and very powerful,” Castiel says in his most serious voice, and she smiles wide, lifting her chin up.
Castiel assumes Dean is looking for him because he doesn’t know how to leave, and he knows that Castiel does. He couldn’t tell him himself. The threat of the leviathans was too risky, but if it were the last good thing Castiel could do for the man that had given him everything, he’d find some way to get him out of here. He just needs to find the right person to do it.
He was met with silence. Looking at everyone sitting around the table, he noted their expressions. Gabriel was pouting, possibly because he was banned from the Soul Area, and Samandriel was not. Castiel was smiling gently, but keeping an eye on Dean and Sam’s reaction too. Sam and Dean were both frozen in shock, obviously processing the mass of information that had been dumped on them.
Sam, or Uncle Sammy as Dean said to call him, took it upon himself to teach him about the last few years on Earth. Everything from politics, to monsters. It was interesting to see how far humans had come in such a short time. He enjoyed his time in the libraries with Sam. It was calm, and Sam let him drink beer, even though Castiel and Dean said no.
William nodded “I have heard a fair deal on that particular Heaven, but Father has advised that we leave them be, or we’ll just have a bunch of souls hunting Him down to demand that we leave them alone. I believe the thought of more Winchesters looking for him gives him headaches. But, we have learned a great deal from them already. We now understand that souls cannot survive well alone in Heaven, they need companionship and to touch other souls to stop them dimming. It was rather distressing to find out we have been mistreating the souls, without our knowledge, for all of existence. We are working hard to rectify that now.” He touched Samandriel’s elbow and turned him towards another corridor. As they started heading down, Samandriel read the signs on the doors he passed;
Samandriel was confused, the last thing he remembered was that horrid demon standing over him with an angel blade, then blackness. He briefly remembered praying for Castiel and Dean to help him, but nothing else.
Samandriel was happy his family was receptive to his visit “I’m hoping Chuck will allow you and Sam temporary access to Heaven in order to see everyone again, one time. I am positive he will say yes, but I still need to ask and wait for his permission.”
Cas rolled his eyes “that’s wonderful new Samandriel, it’s wonderful to know you are helping educate the Angels so much. I do not need to go with you, unless you want me to. We trust you to go alone.”
Turning back to John, he looked deep into his soul, seeing the light inside “your sons love you very much, and seem to understand that your actions had no ill intent behind them. Sure, they do hold some grudges about the way they never settle down, especially so after they found out their mother was a hunter who’s family managed to work comfortably from a home base. Sam has come to appreciate his life, he understands that what he does is important and knows that you were proud of him for going to college, but the rage you displayed was probably out of fear more than anger. Dean has always been proud of you for being able to raise two small children, but does feel anger for how he was made to behave. But he has had time to process and forgive you. I believe both of them would appreciate leaving the past behind, and moving forward, once they settle in Heaven.”
Looking at Samandriel, Dean felt a warmth in his heart that he had gone to see their family, to meet them for himself. Leaning over the table, but keeping a hold of Castiel’s hand, he reached for Samandriel’s. Samandriel reached back, glad for the contact.
“It sounds like a pretty decent offer, Cas” Dean said, emerging from the corner where he hid when Chuck showed up.
Samandriel cocked his head and narrowed his eyes, much like Castiel “Chuck has control of Heaven again, all angels rejoice in his return and eagerly follow his word once me. Why would they harm me, or father, in any way?”
Sam, shook his head, and looked at Jody. “Told ya” she whispered, squeezing his arm gently. He couldn’t find it in him to speak, so he nodded.
Cas cleared his throat "I went into the kitchen, but someone was already making breakfast...it was your mom" he whispered quietly.
Chuck nodded solemnly “she is very proud of you, both of you. But, except for the very short time she spent here on Earth with you, she feels like she does not know you. But fear not, she loves you both very much and looks forward to an eternity in Heaven with her whole family.”
A cough nearby pulled him out of his thoughts. He looked up into the face of God, and dropped to his knees in shock and awe.
William nodded “yes, Father felt it would make life easier on everyone if the Winchester brothers closest friends, family members and allies were in close proximity to theirs, to avoid them running through the halls of Heaven in search of everyone.”
“Samuel Winchester, my friend, I am sorry for everything that has happened to you in my name, but I am so proud of the way you’ve handled everything. And, when the time comes for you to leave this Earth, know that you have a place in Heaven waiting for you, along with a bar full of people looking forward to seeing you again.” Sam was crying, shocked but so happy that he’ll eventually see everyone again.
Samandriel smiled brightly, as Dean herded them to the kitchen. Looking around, he couldn’t spot anyone else.
“That boy couldn’t get within five feet of Dean without them staring longingly into each others eyes.” Everyone had a laugh at that, John and Mary had long come to accept that their son might end up in a relationship with a supernatural beings.
“I am here because I have heard many stories about almost everyone here, but I’ve never met any of you. My family love you, and I wanted to see the people behind the stories.”
Gabriel, he had decided that Samandriel needed to be educated in all things sweet. Samandriel didn’t have the heart to tell him he didn’t like sweet things, only salty. But, he loved his Uncle Gabe, so he forced his grace to the forefront of his body to suppress the tastes when he was given something sweet.
"I don't even know how he got me" Cas complained "one minute I was walking back to the motel, and the next I was waking up in the bunker next to Dean."
He was wearing a completely different outfit to the one he wore the last time they’d seen him. Gone was his Wiener Hut uniform, and in its place, comfortable jeans and sneakers. He looked younger, somehow.
Dean heard the door, and figured it was probably Samandriel. He left the kitchen to greet him in the war room. Once he arrived, he found Samandriel looking nervous, and sent a quick prayer to Cas to meet them in the war room, in case the problem was Heaven related.
Mary smiled too “I was so angry when you came home with that, and not the VW Beatle we spoke about, but it grew on me. Dean loved it when he was a toddler, he’d crawl all over it, and call it his ‘Pala. He’d pet the hood and tell Sammy about the adventures they could take when they were older.”
The hug was messy, and beautiful to watch from where Sam was standing. Seeing Gabriel perk up at the voices carrying from the corridor was a sight Sam will remember forever. He sent a quick ‘
John basked in the knowledge that his kids had a good life, even after everything he had unconsciously done to mess it up. He wondered if the little guy could take a letter back to his boys from him. Mary seemed happier, now that she knew her boys had a good life, with a home and a family to love. That had always been her biggest regret, keeping her hunting life a secret, who knows what would have happened if she had just told John about it all.
We all flew back here and waited for you to wake up while Sam-I-Am caught us all up on what’s been going on.”
“Well, I am sure you’ve heard of the Winchesters extended family spending time together in one Heaven. I asked Chuck if it would be ok to visit them and introduce myself. I’ve heard so much about them back home, and really want to meet them all!”
Gabriel, Cas and Sam were all in different degrees of shock. Gabriel was shock because Dean spoke up for him, saying all the things he’d been wanting to say since his resurrection.
Glad for the opportunity to talk about the happier times, he started to describe their lives. Henry was overjoyed that they were living in the Bunker, and using all that knowledge to help hunters around America. Samandriel tried to leave out the bad stuff, and only talk about the good times. Dean’s love of cooking and how he had to teach Sam and Castiel how to make basic things because they almost set the kitchen on fire. They sat for hours sharing stories back and forth, Mary and John even shared a few from the brothers younger years.
Dean had been getting angrier and angrier, but he caught the set of Sam’s shoulders, and he simmered a bit.
"Jessica Moore is your soul mate, Sam. When you die, your soul will find hers in heaven, just because I never met her when she was alive doesn't mean I don't know her."
“Thank you Chuck, really. If you require me in Heaven for anything at all, I will come and offer assistance.”
Sam nodded “sounds good, I’ll just grab some food for Gabe and myself, then I’ll be out of your hair.”
“Makes sense” Samandriel agreed, knowing Dean would not stop until he found everyone, and Sam and Castiel would be dragged along with him “but, I haven’t seen any for the Winchester or Campbell families yet and we’re almost at the end.”
Chuck smiled “not all Angels can save a soul from Hell, when the soul was supposed to be there in the first place. You sold your soul knowing full well what that meant. Castiel, was the only Angel in existence that would have been able to save you. Your ‘profound bond’ was forged when the universe was created. It wasn’t made by me, or a cupid, it just…was” he shrugged.
Jody snorted “the usual, how our boy likes to pop in and out, scaring the bejeezus outta me. Oh, and that one time he appeared at the wrong time, and got stabbed by my carving knife” dean burst into laughter at the memory.
Chuck smiled gently, and shook his head “no son, nothing’s wrong. I just thought I’d pop in quickly to leave you a gift.”
Several minutes later Dean pulled back to look at his little family. He used his plaid shirt to wipe the tears from all their faces, pulling a giggle from Samandriel. Dean and Cas lit up with happiness at the noise.
Mary smiled, and let go of his hand to touch his cheek gently “honey, we’re your family too. Call me Mary, please. Mrs Winchester makes me feel old, although I guess I’m technically your grandmother.” she trailed off, squinting at that thought. Shaking herself, she looked into Samandriel’s eyes, and he could see that Sam shared her colouring “just do me a favour, please? Tell my boys I love them, and I look forward to seeing them in Heaven, in another 40 or 50 years. Can you also tell Castiel ‘thank you’ from me? I’ve heard a lot about him from everyone here, and I don’t think I have words to describe how happy it makes me to know that he’s been with them for all these years, protecting and loving them. I used to tell Dean, and Sam for a short while, that Angels were watching over them, I didn’t think it would be so literal, but I am glad they found each other. Thank Gabriel for being there for Sam, since he came back. It sounds like Sam needs his own friends outside of Dean and Castiel. And finally, you make sure you keep yourself safe, and take time to just enjoy acting human. It may seem bad, but humanity can be a wonderful thing.”
Dean blushed, he had forgotten he had an audience “I know son” he winked, hoping to lighten the mood.
God laughed lightly, shocking Samandriel some more “calm child, your fathers are fine. Yes, we are back, I have come back to right some wrongs I set in motion millennia ago. And, you my beautiful creature, you are going back to your rightful place with Castiel and Dean.”
Samandriel smiled lightly, and shook his head “nothing wrong Dad, I just have some things to tell you about my trip to Heaven. I need Father and Sam to hear it too, Gabe should know too.”
Chuck smiled brightly “thank you little one, there may be a day when I ask that question, but for now, go and spend some time with your family” with a gentle kiss to his forehead, Chuck sent Samandriel away.
"Good. Your father wasn't in a very good place after Hell, but your mother helped him. She's a very wonderful person, she hugged me a lot" Cas laughed "I checked in a few times when I could. Your mother and Kathleen Milligan where very good friends, the last time I saw them. Although, your father looked petrified."
Samandriel smiled, he knew of Rufus and his tough love act “they told me about you Rufus. There’s only two people I don’t know, the man beside Ellen, but I am assuming that he’s Bill Harvelle. And, I’m not sure who the woman is sitting next to Bobby.”
Sam was first to speak “thanks Samandriel, for telling us all that. I’m glad they’ve all found peace together. And thank you, for finding out about Adam. I can’t believe he was never in the Cage, I would hear him sometimes, screaming.”
A look of horror washed over Dean, hearing that his son and husband would be in Heaven surrounded by angels without him there to back them up. “Nuh uh, no way are you guys going to Heaven without me. Who knows what the douche bags will do to you guys!”
“Yes, it wasn’t a pleasant experience in the end, but I got to spend time with Bobby again, and I got to meet Sam and Dean, so it wasn’t all bad.”
Dean looked up from Baby’s engine “hi Alfie, he went to the store with Gabe to buy some supplies, they should be back soon. Anything I can help with in the meantime, son?”
“Well, it was supposed to be happening now” Chuck laughed “but, I’ve told the Angel’s it’s been pushed back a few hours. I thought I’d make you guys dinner, and we could catch up on normal stuff, if that’s ok?” he looked bashful, like he wasn’t sure he’d be accepted after what had just transpired.
“Anyway guys, I just thought I’d let you know that Dean can come with you both when it’s time to come up for the meeting.”
Before he left, Samandriel turned to address Karen “Mrs Singer, it was a pleasure to meet you, I know my family will be happy to know you reunited with Bobby in Heaven.”
It had been six months since he was brought back. It was also six months since he promised Chuck he would help in Heaven if it was ever needed. Now, Chuck had called upon him for help, and he was excited to answer the call.
John was crying too, but he was smiling “I’ll hope for that future then. I know you’ve heard it from just about everyone here, but thank you so much for coming here, and for sharing your story. You don’t know how much this means to me.”
John, and several other peoples, jaw dropped at that “he’s letting you drive the Impala? Once I handed the keys over even I wasn’t allowed to drive it.”
It was the first time, ever, that anyone had heard Dean Winchester admit that he didn’t deserve anything bad that had happened to him.
Samandriel left Castiel’s embrace, and stepped forward hopefully “Da-Dean” he whispered, shaking at his almost slip.
Cas looked torn, but nodded anyway "it was Jessica, Sam. You and her were married, had been since you graduated from Stanford. She was a nurse, you became a lawyer, Dean was a mechanic at Bobby's and I worked at home with Mary. Me and Dean had been married for 7 years, after knowing each other since high school. No one had died, except your grandparents, there were pictures of me with Gabriel, Balthazar and Samandriel, and two people who I assumed where my parents. After I called Gabriel, he owned a bakery, I realised where I was and knew that I had to wake up. I stabbed myself with a knife from the kitchen drawer after saying good bye to everyone."
Bobby grinned “that’s all I needed for them. Thanks for coming up, next time bring Cas with you. I wasn’t too kind to him the last time I saw him alive.”
Castiel smiled, and laid his hand over Deans on the table “not much, Sam and Samandriel spoke for a short time before he decided to go for a walk. Gabriel has gone with him, to offer a friend to lean on if he needs.”
“Well” Dean huffed, standing up straighter “since you kindly summoned Alfie to Heaven without even asking me, or Cas, I just wanted to let you know some ground rules.”
Samandriel lit up when Dean said that “Chuck has asked me to assist him in Heaven today, he is teaching the remaining angels about life on Earth and would like me to speak, I wanted to ask Father if he’d like to accompany me” he beamed, proud that God has asked him personally over all the other earthly angels.
Nodding, and letting the tears fall, Dean stood up to pull Samandriel in for a tight hug “I love you son, so much.”
“Michael needed permission to get my vessel back after Cas burned it up, so I said ‘yes’ on the condition I was released to Heaven before he went back to the cemetery. I spent a few years in my own Heaven before Ash tracked me down. I didn’t know they cared so much about me, I’ve spent so long hating them when all they did was try to protect me. I know Dean fought to get into the room when Michael first took control of my body, but I never thought it was me he was trying to protect, just the world.”
Gabriel was shocked, he didn’t think Dean would be so accept after their last meeting. Plus, he was still shook up after being returned from the dead. Shaking his head, he whispered “are you sure I can stay?”
He sighed “Sammy?” he spoke quietly, watching as his brother lifted his head slowly. Dean’s breath caught in his throat at the heartbroken look in his brother’s eyes. “it’s ok, Sammy. She’s gone, and you don’t have to go back in the Cage ever again.”
“Ah Jody, just what have you been telling these guys?” He nudged her over, sitting himself on the armrest next to her.
“Alright, here's how it went. Nearly 10 years ago, Sammy died, so I sold my soul to bring him back, got a year out of it. The hellhounds came, it wasn't pretty. Anyway, spent 40 years down in the pit before something yanked me out. Took me and Bobby a day or two summon the fucker. When it showed up, well, it was a he. A trench coat wearing, awkward fucker of a guy. Introduced himself, Castiel, Angel of the Lord. Apparently, God had plans for me, that required me to be on earth. Anyway, it turns out me and Sammy were supposed to host Michael and Lucifer for the big boss fight which would be the beginning of the end, the literal biblical apocalypse. Well, me and Sammy didn't take that news too well, and when Castiel found out what was happening, he left heaven and started hunting with us. Eventually, with the help of Gabriel, you know, the Archangel, we figured we could trap Lucifer back in his Hell Cage, but Sammy had to say yes and let him possess him, before overpowering him, and jumping into the cage, pulling Michael wearing our little brother, with him. Sam got out, with the help of Castiel, but the damage was done. Anyway, fast forward to about a year and a half ago, God’s sister, Amara, got out of her cage, and tried to start her own Apocalypse. But, I managed to get her and God, he likes to be called Chuck by the way, to talk it out. They're off on vacation right now, making up for lost time, since the last time they seen each other, the only things that existed were God and his Arch’s. Oh, and a little surprise” dean paused, amused at all the shocked, and dubious, looks he was facing, he lifted his left hand “I married Cas two years ago” he settled back, letting all the information settle in. He spied Sam, leaning on the door frame looking amused, and flashed him a cheeky grin.
Shaking his head, Cas let the boy go in order to hold his face “it isn’t your place to get yourself into danger to save me. I’m your father, that’s my job.”
Jo laughed “honey, we’re in a bar, of course we have lemonade” she leaned over the bar and grabbed a can from underneath. Handing it over, he thanked her quietly before opening it and taking a sip, enjoying the sharp taste of lemons under the fizz.
Samandriel beamed at his father “thank you Father, you seem busy with Dad and I don’t mind going alone. I enjoy helping other Angels learn about the humans, they are started to appreciate a lot of the smaller parts of humanity. After this, we are going to teach them about food! Dad, your input would be really helpful” he bounced at the thought of Dean helping him with the Angels.
After dragging Cas out of the warehouse and back to the bunker, Sam and Dean decided to find out what happened.
“No, no need to apologise. I’m always going to be a worrier” Dean tried to smile, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“Well” Dean replied, dragging Cas off the bed “we’ve got to get a room prepared for Alfie and Gabe, then I’ll need to get a start on lunch. Gabe? You want your room closer to Sam’s, or in an empty corridor?”
“We were just going to show Samandriel his room, but that can wait until late. Why don’t we all go and watch a movie together in the ‘man cave’ Dean made?”
John nodded, pulling him in for a hug “you’re welcome any time Samandriel. Hey, I guess we have two Sammy’s now” he laughed, pulling back.
To say Dean was shocked, would be an understatement. He stared at Cas, jaw hanging open, surprise clear in his eyes.
Mary was shaking slightly, it wasn’t obvious from a distance, but from up close it was clear. Samandriel didn’t know what emotion was causing it, and it made him want to fly home and avoid this interaction. The mother was the Winchester brothers most secretive family member. Sam told him stories about the interactions they had with her after her death, but Dean was more reserved. Samandriel wondered if it was because of the deal she made to bring John back before they were born, the deal that was the catalyst to the rest of their lives. He knew Dean loved him mother, he also knew that he idolised her from 4 years old, until the apocalypse, but it was possible the details he received during that time had caused him to resent her. He hope he could take something back to make Dean change his mind.
Cas rolled his eyes “stop trying to cover up your feelings, you’re going to give yourself an ulcer, and then I’d need to heal you.”
Dean wanted Castiel to be a Winchester and he wanted him to have a permanent home in his family and he wanted to spend the rest of his life with him and Castiel realises that if he doesn’t say something now Dean might change his mind. He can’t let him change his mind.
The thought of giving up makes everything worse. It guts him, makes the cement in his throat come back, but he can’t do this again. What makes it worse is Cas would understand. Cas wouldn’t blame him if he stopped trying. That was just like Cas. He always understood.
“I just can’t get the idea of him there out of my head. Every time I close my eyes I-“ Dean stops himself, swallowing down the thickness that seems to live in his throat these days, and takes a breath. “How are we supposed to be free when he never got a chance to be? After everything he did for us. For me,” guilt spreads through his chest as he finishes that last part, “I owe it to him to at least try, Sam.”
“These are not just monsters, Dean, they’re leviathan. I have a price on my head. And I’ve been trying to stay one step ahead of them to-“ Castiel stops himself. He can’t finish his sentence. If he does, he knows Dean will understand, and he won’t leave him, and Dean needs to leave him. Castiel sees how his expression is all disappointment and anger and he can’t help himself. The words leak from his mouth. “To keep them away from you.” And just like that, everything is ruined. All those months of work gone, all because he's too weak to let Dean be disappointed in him. “That’s why I ran.”
After the one hundredth tree he’d passed that day, and maybe the millionth he’d passed since being here, Castiel is stopped in his tracks when something catches his attention. The tiniest trace of humanity. It was something he hadn’t felt since arriving in Purgatory, and how it is glorious.
“I’m- I’m in here,” he called back, brushing away the worst of the flour from his trousers. There was a clunk of heavy boots as Dean walked to find him.
“You wish you told him, though, don’t you?” Chuck steps closer, his face inches apart from Dean’s now. “In the moment you were just poor little helpless Dean Winchester, a teary-eyed, scared little boy, losing the only true thing you ever had. The only thing that you knew was real. The only thing that could’ve made you happy.”
Sam nods, looking down at the bottle he twists between his hands. After a moment, he looks up and raises his bottle. “To everyone we’ve ever lost.”
Silence. Dean and the person he’s been aching for, united once more. Cas leans against the chair in the centre of the room and Dean stands in front of him, checking over every inch. Sullen, sallow skin, sunken eyes, matted, messy hair, the past few months have clearly not been kind to him, and that fact makes Dean’s insides twist up. Forget the Empty, that feeling alone could choke the air out of the lungs and bring him to his knees if he let it. Everything in him wants to kiss colour back into those cheeks, to sweep away the marks of his restless sleep with the gentle brush of his thumb, to comb his fingers through each tuft of hair and ease them back home, and the feeling leaves him paralysed.
There’s a box in the corner that catches his eye. It’s the last of the boxes from the Bunker that he needs to go through. He hasn’t touched it since he moved in.
It seems as though Dean still hasn’t made the connection between Bobby’s death and Castiel’s failings. As much as Castiel thinks he should, he’s glad of it. He knows he’s weak, but he can’t help but cling to that last shred of faith Dean has in him. He’d hold on to it for as long as he could because soon it would be gone, and then Castiel would be nothing more than Dean Winchester’s biggest regret. Because then he would be nothing.
Castiel decided that he was probably mishearing, but he still felt his cheeks blush and his stomach flip at the thought that Dean considered him pretty. He’d never been called that before.
Castiel was just checking the size of the chain against the top of Freya’s head when he heard Dean call to him from the table. Tying the loose end around the first daisy’s stem, he made the chain into a loop and crowned her with it, the flowers dazzlingly white against her long dark curls.
Sam tells him it looks unfixable when he shows him and Eileen around. Dean disagrees. It just needs a little TLC.
“There’s gotta’ be a way to get Cas back,” Dean says, flipping over the page, “Jack told us that Nick brought Lucifer back right?”
“Okay then, ‘just Cas’.” Dean places a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Sam’s on his way. Let’s get you home.”
Dean stands in place for what seems like forever, Sam’s eyes fixed firmly on him. “There must be another way. There’s always another way,” he says, his voice small, unconvinced by the words himself. Doing this all again makes him feel like his knees could buckle any second though. His head pounds, his eyes sting.
William laughed, happy to be in the presence of such a bright and joyful Angel “I look forward to it, now on you go little one, I know you are excited to meet everyone. Just remember, some of them may take more time to adjust to your story than others, do not let that dampen your spirits.”
Outside the house, two men could be found leading against an old black car, affectionately named Baby, staring at the star’s. From the outside, they looked like nothing special. But, to a select few, they knew the truth. And Angel, and a human. Soulmates. A bond forged by Hellfire and war. Something, even God himself didn’t see coming. Life was good for the Winchesters, and God, with his sister, would make sure it remains that way.
With a jolt, Samandriel realised he knew someone with the same surname as all doors they were passing “William, are these all the doors to people the Winchesters know?”
“Ok, I have a lot to tell you in order for you to understand how I came to be here today. I’ll start at the beginning of my existence then skip ahead a few millennia.” Taking a deep breath, and hoping this was a good idea, Samandriel described his creation. He described his bond with Castiel “we Grace bonded when I was first handed to him, he became my parent. Over time, as Heaven grew worse, we were forced apart by rank and placed in separate Garrisons. When Father rescued Dean Winchester from Hell, they created a soul-Grace bond, that had been predicted before their existence were merely a thought in Chuck’s mind. Their bond would stabilise the universe, as long as the kept in contact enough to keep the bond alive. Obviously, some of you know they remained close throughout their time together, and grew closer than any of you know. When I fled Heaven during the Apocalypse, I hunted Father down and joined him and the Winchesters to help defeat Lucifer and Michael. Some of you know how that ended, I was placed in hiding by Father and Dean when the time came to go to Stull Cemetery, and only knew the outcome when they came back without Sam. After that, we worked against Crowley to stop the opening of Purgatory but he killed me in the process. After I came back, I learned that they managed to stop him and instead they found another way to kill Raphael and stop the war restarting.” Samandriel paused to take in the reactions of everyone, most people looked shocked, but Bobby, John and Mary looked sad. Samandriel was glad they weren’t angry, “I was returned after God came back to Earth after the Angels killed his sister, the Darkness, or Amara as she had taken to calling herself. He explained to Dean and Father what their bond really meant, and he told Sam that he was destined for Heaven with Dean, as Sam believed that he would end up in the Cage when he died. He also explained that Heaven for the Winchester and associates would be restructured, I didn’t realise they would restructure all of the Soul Area. When he announced the return of me, and several other Angels, Father and Dean celebrated my return. Chuck confirmed that my bond with my father merged with Dean after their bond was established. When I arrived at the bunker, Dean allowed me to call him Dad. I call Sam and Gabriel my uncles. We live together, hunt together, and I am helping the Angels learn about humanity along with Father. Uncle Gabe is on a time out because he was messing around with some older souls.”
It was Jody’s turn to roll her eyes “yes Dean, Cas picked her up when you left. She’s 18 now, you’re going to have to quit the papa bear act sooner or later.”
Everyone had moved closer when they showed signs of finishing up, so they heard John’s comment and laughed along.
Everyone, including Sam, Dean and Jody, gaped at her “how the Hell do you know that much about us?” Dean demeaned, before swinging round to look at his brother “we never talk to other hunters, how do people know this much?” Sam shrugged, just as shocked as Dean.
“What do you mean ‘save Sammy’?” Dean asked, narrowing his eyes at his brother, who couldn’t seem to look at him anymore.
“I would enjoy spending time with you, as well as Father, but we cannot take you to the parts of Heaven we are going to. Souls are only permitted to enter their own side of Heaven. Only Chuck has that power.”
Samandriel had cried quietly through John’s speech, feeling sad for the man who still felt without peace in Heaven “it is not possible to remove objects from the Soul Area, they simply don’t exist outside of here. But, I can pass on a message and I’m sure if you ask nicely, Mary will share a secret with you.” Samandriel shot a wink over to Mary, tilting his head in John’s direction. Mary smiled and nodded, seemingly understanding what he meant.
“Sure you do, son” God chuckled happily, looking at the happy couple “you’ve seen an Angel and its mate, when they lose their fledgling, whether it be their child by Grace or bond. Now, you’re witnessing a mated pair being told their child is alive.”
Charlie smiled sadly at that, she always regrets how her death would affect them but wouldn’t change her life a bit. She loved those boys with all her heart. Shaking herself out of her sombre, mood she asked teasingly “is Cas still dreamy?” pulling a snort from Bobby.
Charlie snorted from her place further away from John “your boy is weirdly attached to that car, and Chuck help anyone who tries to hurt it”.
“That’s not fair” he whispered his thoughts aloud “my mom, dad, Sammy and Bobby shouldn’t have had to go through all that because of me. Gabriel shouldn’t have had to run away from his home because I was supposed to meet his little brother, and get killed trying to protect me from his older brothers, while I tried to lock them up. Sam shouldn’t have lost Jessica because he’s my brother, he shouldn’t have had to go through everything with Lucifer and the Demon blood because of that. Cas shouldn’t have had to fall because of me, or have his Grace stolen from him all because of me!” dean’s voice had slowly risen to a yell as he continued, before dropping to a whisper “I shouldn’t have been made to go through all of that because the universe said so.”
Samandriel smiled at Gabriel before turning to Sam. He was nervous. Unsure as to how the larger man would interact with him.
Dean scoffed “what do you take me for? Of course there will be popcorn! Now, I say we start with the original trilogy of Star Wars. No kid of mine will be allowed to live without knowing, at least, two Star Wars references.”
“That is because the Campbell’s asked to be place a bit further away as they don’t agree with how hunters behave now, and blame the Winchesters for that. Down at the end of this corridor is two doors, one for the Winchester Extended Family, and one that is called ‘The Roadhouse’. You will want to start in that one, that’s where they usually meet up. I will take my leave now, but I expect you to let your family know I intend to visit in a few days so they can be prepared for my arrival.”
“Mine too, kid” Dean said gently, finally finding his voice. He had tear tracks on his face, but refused to wipe them away. If there was ever a moment for Dean Winchester to cry, this was it.
Samandriel waved back “ah, I have heard of you. Uncle Sam told me a little bit about a time when they met you, but he said it was a sad story so he didn’t go into much detail.”
Sam loved his hoody, it got him through so much. It was larger than him, and he always wore it when he was sick, or sad. He hoped it would help Cas. He wrapped it gently over Cas's shoulders, helping him get his arms through. Deciding to give them both some privacy, he went off to make dinner, not before dropping a gentle kiss on Cas's forehead.
Samandriel was enjoying his time here, but he knew he had to leave if he wanted to make it home for dinner. Smiling sadly, he stood up, gaining everyone’s attention “I have to leave now, or Dad will send Father up to get me and I want this to be a surprise for them.”
“such a nerd” Dean said under his breath, before raising his voice “well, I’m tired. So, I think it’s time to pack up and head back home. Jody, is Claire heading to the bunker this week?”
Dean snorted “have you met me? As long as that kid is mine, she’ll get treated how Sammy did before he went to Hell.”
Chuck pulled back, and coughed to get everyone’s attention. Dean walked over, with Samandriel tucked under his arm, reminding him of a time Samandriel liked to be tucked under his wings.
“He’s doing fine, Dad and Father remain close with Sam even with their own relationship continuing to grow. They call each other husbands, and Sam calls Father his brother-in-law. Now that Gabriel’s back, him and Sam have been growing close as well. Dad hasn’t noticed, or has chosen to ignore it, but Father thinks it’s good for both of them to have something to themselves.”
Dean paled at the thought, but Chuck’s gentle laugh eased him a bit “no Castiel, the universe only deemed that you two meet and your soul and grace touch. Anything that came after that was down to your own free will. You could have taken several paths; you could have remained friends for the rest of Dean’s life, then joined him in Heaven with Sam, and continued that way for the rest of time. Or, you could have gone your separate ways after the apocalypse was aborted, you would have spent the rest of your life feeling like something was missing, but it wouldn’t have affected you all that much. The universe would try with all its might to make you cross paths as often as possible to keep your bond fresh. Your bond is just an anchor, there are no feelings involved with it, even though you can use it to feel each other.”
Dean nodded “it’s not like it’s going to change much, and it’s not like Gabriel wouldn’t drag you on these Godly missions anyway, Archangel or not.”
Chuck sighed “my sister underestimated the strength of the Heavenly host, but she was prepared for any attempts on her life. You see, as you were the last person to bear the Mark of Cain, you held the final piece of her power. When she tried to take it back, she failed. It confused her because she was connected to you, so it should have been easy for her to reclaim it. But, she didn’t know that she couldn’t lay a claim to a soul that was already claimed.
Sam kneeled down so he was face level with Cas "what's wrong?" He asked gently, combing him fingers through Cas's hair.
Cas answered “I was given Samandriel when he was first created. I loved him as if he had come from my Grace. Our grace accepted each other as a parent & child bond. When Dean and I met, and our bond was acknowledged, Samandriel’s Grace must have also bonded with Deans soul. I never realized until now.”
Dean was in full mother-hen mode when Sam arrived in the kitchen. There were burgers, and home-made fries on the table, and Dean was scrubbing down to worktops.
Dean nodded as Cas explained “I think I knew, subconsciously, that he meant something to me. I didn’t realise until Chuck explained it to me” he shrugged.
John smiled, tears in his eyes “well, I’m glad I did something right by them, giving Dean that car.”
“You’re right, Dean. I left in the hopes of teaching the Angels free will, but all it did was teach them to hate. Hate me, humans and the whole world, even each other. I can’t go back and change anything, but I can try and fix things now.”
Cas was crying, along with Sam and Dean, because he got to experience living with a Dean and Sam who hadn't been to Hell, and who hadn't lost their whole family, and he got to say goodbye to his brother one last time.
Henry grinned “thank you Samandriel, I was hopeful the boys would take up residence in the Bunker, and take up their long awaited places as Legacies. Hunters were viewed as uneducated apes, because the old generation of Letters withheld the knowledge they needed, only feeding them what they chose to in order to keep them under their control. My hope, was to one day take over the American sector and change that, but it looks like the boys are doing just fine without my help.”
Rocking Cas gently, he watched Sam rise and walk to his room, assuming he was giving them some privacy, but he came back a few moments later with his old Stanford hoody.
As he stopped in front of her, Mary reached out to hold Samandriel’s hand tightly “thank you” she whispered, voice cracking and tears in her eyes “for coming here, and telling us about our boys. I have thought, every day, that about my actions which lead to my death and everything that happened after it, but I will never regret saving John or bringing those boys into the world. I am so happy they have a good life now, and that they have you, a little ray of sunshine, in their lives. I do hope you come and visit more, I’d love to get to know you better?” The way she asked, hesitant and reserved, made Samandriel think she believed he would say no.
Charlie was the first to react, jumping up she rounded the table to pull him into a hug “tell those boys I love them, and miss them. And, I expect them to visit in the very distant future when they end up in Heaven. Now, you take care of yourself and listen to your parents. Don’t do anything stupid on hunts, if Dean tells you to stay back, you damn well better stay back, you hear me?”
After he finished, he waited a while for everything to sink in. He understood that humans needed time to process information before they could formulate a response. While he waited, he looked at everyone carefully, most seemed shocked, but John Winchester looked like he didn’t believe a word he had said. Samandriel was upset at that, he wanted the Winchesters parents to accept them, knowing that Dad and Uncle Sam held them to such a high regard. Picking at his fingernails, Samandriel searched for something to do, and after seeing the sadness on the face of Adam, decided that now was the time to tell him about his brother.
“I’m sorry Sammy, for everything. I shouldn’t have taken the Mark, or gone after Megadouche. I shouldn’t have blamed you for the Darkness getting out. And I know, sorry doesn’t fix everything, but if you want, we can work on fixing it.”
Cas sniffed, tears in his eyes “I didn’t want to burden you, we weren’t together then, and you had more important things to do.”
“I’d be honoured to be allowed to visit again, Mrs Winchester. I love my Dad and Uncle Sam very much, and would enjoy spending time with their family.”
“Well” Chuck hummed “it isn’t necessarily a gift just for you. You see, this would be a gift to you, Gabriel, Heaven, and myself. Heaven cannot run on the power of God alone, it’s one of the reasons I made Archangels to begin with. So, I am here to offer you an upgrade. You become one of my Archangels. You wouldn’t be required to visit Heaven anymore than you already do, you just may have to do me a favour or two every few years. And, Gabriel won’t feel so alone in the world if there are two of you. So, what do you say?”
Samandriel looked on in awe as Dean called for Chuck “hey, big guy in the sky, can I have a minute of your time before you kidnap my kid?”
Sam looked sheepish “he may have stopped time for a while so I could ask questions” when Dean sighed and rolled his eyes, he tried to defend himself “how many opportunities would I get to talk to God, Dean. The dude created almost everything, sue me for asking questions” he pouted.
Dean was in awe, no one had ever spoken about him like that before Cas, and he’d never spoke like that in front of others. Unfortunately, before he could reply, Chuck piped up.
Samandriel panicked, not wanting to upset Bobby – a man he never had the chance to meet on Earth, but who he had come to love in his own way, from the stories he had heard. “No! I promise Bobby, I did die but Chuck brought me back about a year ago after everything that went down with his sister caused him to come back to Earth and Heaven.”
When she died, that last part of her, along with her claim died too. You passed out because that piece of her was being burned from your soul.”
Cas was shocked that Dean had just shouted at God. And Sam, well Sam was just shocked that Dean actually admitted their Dad was a horrible father.
Sam gathered a few burgers, a plate full of fries, and some candy, making a hasty retreat just as the door was knocked on.
Charlie sniffed, her eyes shining with tears. She stepped back to allow more people to say their goodbyes.
Adam looked shocked, he had spent years thinking the brothers hated him for the way he had acted in the brief time he spent with them on Earth. He had spent a lot of time hating his father for keeping them apart, before they reconciled. But to learn that his brothers fought for him, mourned him, was freeing. He could let go of that anger and embrace the love they obviously have for him.
“Wait” a lady from the back of the room stepped forward “you have a kid? I’ve heard a lot of stories about you two, but never anything about kids.”
The guy smiled “ok then. But, maybe knowing there’s something out there, a heaven, might make life a little better.”
Bill, who had remained quiet throughout everything suddenly started laughing “Johnny you had an unhealthy attachment to that car, never mind your boys. It’s no wonder Dean grew up the same way. You got so pissed when I was sick in it, I thought you were going to punch me!”
Both Dean and Cas sucked in a breath at the noise. This was it. Sharing a hopeful look, they both climbed the stairs quickly, hands tightly slotted together. Taking a deep breath, Dean pulled the door open, and there he was.
After Chuck let Dean accompany Samandriel and Castiel to Heaven, Dean had been a lot more relaxed on the idea of them going alone, he still worried but he was no longer demanding to tag along. Chuck was happy wild Winchesters weren’t knocking on Heavens door, and Samandriel was happy his parents were happy.
Samandriel nodded “there’s nothing happening that requires intervention or your help, my name is Samandriel and I came to see you all on my own accord.”
Everyone smiled sweetly, hearing about how little Dean adored the car and his brother, even way back then.
Dean shook his head “I’ve seen what angels following God’s word have done to my family in the past, no way am I trusting some dead beat, ADHD, God to protect mine. I’ll go out of my mind with worry if you guys go alone. Please, Samandriel, just let me tag along. I’ll sit in the corner quietly, unless anyone tries anything hinky with you, I just want to make sure you are ok. I’ve lost you once, and I’ve lost your father too many times to count, and I can’t go through that again. Even if all the angels are behaving, and I’m just overreacting, it will ease my mind.”
Looking around the table, he couldn’t help but flinch at the look on the Winchesters faces, mainly John. He could tell they didn’t trust him one bit, and he would have to fight to get their approval and inclusion. Before he could begin, Jo interrupted him “do you want anything before you start? A drink, or something."
Dean sighed "Sammy, just because it's been over ten years, doesn't mean we expected you to forget about her. She was it for you man, you're not the only one who thought that."
Hearing his and Sam’s name from across the room, he tried to hear what was being said, but it was muffled by the other conversations happening throughout the house. He sighed in resignation, as long as he and Sam were here, he was going to have to accept that they would be spoke about. They did stop, and start, the apocalypse. Most of these guys found demons out of their league, so of course they would be big news.
Dean let out a breath, turning to leave the room, he paused “thank you, for telling me that” he whispered before continuing out.
"Yes, she was making breakfast, and she said hi to me and asked when Dean would be up. I didn't know what to do, so I went looking for Sam."
Samandriel had a bright smile on his face, his friend was going to visit him on earth “I will let them know. I can’t wait for you to visit me on Earth, I can show you all the things I have collected in my time there!”
“I left him in his new room. The poor guy seemed overwhelmed, and there was only so much comfort I could offer. I figured some candy would make him feel better, but I’ll take a couple burgers as well.”
“Jody here is trying to pull our legs. Said angels are real, and walk the earth, and said you could confirm it” he laughed, looking amused. Dean, being the asshole that he is, laughed with him, winking at Jody.
Samandriel pulled back, just enough to look at his father’s face “no” he shook his head “it wasn’t your fault. I should have listened to you, and stayed away. I just wanted to help you.”
“Your angels?” Dean snorted “Look Chuck, Alfie isn’t anyone’s Angel, neither is Cas. Alfie is our son, not yours. He is bonded to my soul, and Cas’s grace, not yours. He lives with us, not you. So take your holier-than-thou stick out your ass, and shove it somewhere else!” Dean stepped forwards until he was towering over Chuck “as long as my soul still exists, I will protect my child with everything I have. Just because you’ve stepped up and taken responsibility for your kids does not mean I trust you, nor does it mean I trust your Angels. You ignored everything that was happening on Earth. Me, Sam and Cas stepped up to fix the mess your screwed up kids started. Just because I’m friendly does not mean I have forgotten anything that has happened.” Dean took a deep breath, looking at his feet before speaking quieter “it does not mean that me and Cas don’t hold Alfie through nightmares of what Crowley did to him, or nightmares of what might have happened to us if we didn’t win. It doesn’t mean, now that you are back, that any of the scars we have disappeared. I’m not demanding I come, just to be an ass, Chuck. I’m demanding I come, because if I don’t, I’ll be sick with worry over what happens to them. I barely hold it together when Cas flits off on Archangel business with Gabe. Look, he’s my child, his grace is woven so deep into my soul, I won’t survive if anything happens to him again. So, please let me come, I’ll sit quietly in the corner if you need me to.”
“Well” he smirked “for not smiting Dean when he demanded your presence. But, mainly I’m thanking you for putting my on the path that led me here. I don’t like to think of the time I spent before Samandriel was given to me too much, but what I remember most is how lonely and useless I felt. Now, I have a son who’s loved me for most of my existence, and a husband who’ll I’ll spend an eternity with.”
“Samandriel, what are you doing here? Father told us you are based permanently on earth with you Grace bonded family.” He said, not pulling away from the hug.
Bobby patted him on the shoulder, “better get to Mary next, she looks like she was itching for a hug.”
to an Archangel who would torture him. I failed all my children. Hell, Adam still doesn’t trust me, or believe me, and he probably never will. His mother refuses to visit us, but lets Mary visit her in her own Heaven. I think they bonded over my annoying traits.” Realising he was rambling, he shook his head “sorry for unloading on you. anyway, just- is there a way for you to take letters or something back with you?”
It wasn’t until Cain and Abel’s bloodlines started forming that the universe settled. I managed to trace it to the union of Mary and John; if they joined as one, the universe would find peace and the final plan would begin.
“I am so proud of you, for having the courage to go and face all those people on your own, with nothing but our words about them to back you. Thank you for finding out about Adam, you don’t know what that means to me, to know that he’s at peace with his mom, and with our parents. Thank you for bringing back messages from our family, it’s great to hear that they are hanging out together in Heaven.” Blinking back tears, Deans voice cracked as he continued “thank you for finding mom and dad, I had hoped they had met up in Heaven and worked everything out.”
Dean shook his head and pulled Samandriel into a rough hug “none of that ‘Dean’ stuff Alfie, if you want to call me ‘Dad’ I’ll happily answer to it.”
When he came around, he found himself back in the Bunker, surrounded by Cas, Sam, a not-dead-Gabriel, and an even more not-dead-Chuck.
Samandriel nodded “thank you fath- Chuck, for bringing me back and letting me go to Castiel and Dean.”
Sam stepped forward “hey, we’ve met God. He gave all humans free will, which includes not having to believe in him. He’s ok with that, as long as you are.”
Castiel arrived first, Samandriel assumed Dean had prayed to him as soon as he had seen Samandriel. Sam and Gabriel arrived after a few minutes, talking quietly between themselves.
Permission granted, he went to find his parents to give them his cover story. He searched the kitchen and garage, before he found them in the war room. They were sitting side by side, looking at a laptop and talking quietly with their heads tilted close together.
Pulling back from the hug, Samandriel offered Mary a nod before moving on to John. From the numerous stories he had heard about John, he wasn’t the best man after his wife died. He was cold, and demanding, but he still loved his children, and Samandriel hoped that being in Heaven with Mary and some friends would have mellowed him out a little. Squaring his shoulders, and pulling himself to full height, Samandriel marched over to John, trying to appear as soldier like as possible, something he learned from Sam was the fact that John expected his boys to behave like soldiers. Stopping in front of John, he couldn’t help but notice a few things; firstly, everyone had moved away to the far side of the bar, offering them privacy. Privacy for what? Samandriel didn’t know. Secondly, John appeared sad. He didn’t know why.
Sam eased his worries almost instantly “Hi Alfie, it’s good to see you back” he said softly before pulling him in for a gentle hug.
Samandriel snuggled further into the hold of one of his oldest friends, an Angel who would take time away from duty to play and have fun with Fledglings and younger Angels. “I am living on Earth with my family, but Chuck requests my assistance sometimes to help teach the others about Earth, so I will be visiting frequently. But, that does not mean you cannot visit me, you’ll just have to get through Dad and Father’s tests first.” He grinned, enjoying the presence of the familiar Grace William had wrapped around him.
Chuck just smiled though “Jessica Moore resides in a heaven full of her happiest memories. You are part of that Heaven, even though you were more friends than lovers towards the end, Jessica still treasures the time you spent together."
Chuck decided to give him some time to absorb everything, so he turned to Dean “as everyone to ever live, gets to share their Heaven with their soulmate, and since Winchesters were never very big on rules, I have decided to allow Angelic access, permanently, to Castiel obviously, and a few other Angel’s. Gabriel, Samandriel, Balth-“ before God could continue, he was interrupted by Dean “Alfie? You brought Alfie back?” at Chuck’s nod, Dean began to laugh, almost hysterically, as tears streamed down his face “I don’t- I can’t- thank you” he said to Chuck, before hugging Cas, who was also weeping at the news.
Cas shook his head lightly “I think Father will bring him back as Alfie, since that’s when you bonded with him. He’ll feel a connection to that form more than he would have before he met you.”
Samandriel smiled, bright and excited “so many stories of your time larping together, and of the movies and TV shows you introduced to them. Father has told me a little bit about your death, but Dad and Uncle Sam prefer to talk about the happier memories.”
“He was in Hell, with that weasel Crowley and his hag of a mother, Rowena. Anyway, Big Broski somehow broke through binding sigils and got Sammykins into the cage with him. So, Samson prayed to Cas asking him to take care of you, but I intercepted it, followed its path and was in the middle of a hostage negotiation when your prayer shook Heaven enough to distract Luci. I grabbed Samoose, shoved Broseph back into his Cage and flew us to you. By the time I got there Cassie and the Big Cheese were already there.
“Well, I best be off. Lots to do, people to raise from the dead” Chuck sighed as he stood “Don’t worry, Alfie will be here soon” he nodded to Dean and Cas.
Nodding, Sam stood up looking a little lost “I’m going to go for a walk, clear my head a bit.” He looked in Dean’s direction, then shot Cas a look as if to say ‘make sure he’s ok’. Cas nodded, and watched Sam leave.
Then Dean remembers the phrase he taught himself a few days before. It was midnight, and despite being tired, he couldn’t drift off. Next to him though, Cas was fast asleep, and Dean was enamoured by his slow, deep breaths, and his tiny snores, and the mess of his hair at the front where he fell asleep with his hands in it. With everything in him, Dean felt so in love with him, and he wanted to wake him up just to tell him. He didn’t though.
“That goddamn trench coat. The officers must have thought he was ridiculous,” he says to Miracle, who has taken a seat next to him.
With Sam in bed, and sheltered underground, away from the rest of the world, Dean tries to ease that pain away with a brush of his thumb over the newly carved letter.
Castiel reminds himself that he can’t afford to be selfish now. Dean’s life is at stake. Dean might be alone, but at least he is alive.
With butterflies in his chest, Dean feels like a freckle-faced school boy, and it’s hard to believe he kept himself from this feeling, this happiness, for so long.
Forever with someone he thought he’d lost for good. It almost seems too good to be true, and sometimes Dean gets so worried that it’s all being written again. Late at night, he can get so fixated on the idea that there’s a piece of Chuck that transferred to Jack, and it’s corrupting him. Maybe it’s taking over. Maybe nothing is real. Maybe they’ve never really been free. When he falls into that hole, though, he tries to remember that Cas is real, that he’s always been real, and while it doesn’t fix everything, it helps.
“So then I’m gonna’ find out. One of these books is bound to have something. The answer will be here somewhere.”
Trying to think of a way to distract him, Castiel decided to ask him something that had been on his mind all day.
So, it was the monster after all. Of course. Castiel knew he should have killed it when he'd seen it lurking behind a tree a few weeks back. He should have known that his humanity would be his undoing.
There's a pause, and Castiel wonders if Dean had ended the prayer there. Maybe, after all these months, he is tired of thinking of things to say. Conversations work both ways after all, and Castiel thinks that even Dean, the most determined man he’d ever set his eyes on, could only go so long before it started to take its toll. There’s only so many pieces of Dean left, and soon he’d have nothing left.
He’s angry at Chuck. He’s angry at himself. Worst of all, he’s angry at Cas, and that realisation makes him sick to his stomach.
“Want you to meet somebody. This is Benny,” Dean gestures his blade at the vampire. The vampire looks away. “Benny, this is Cas.”
There was a start of a devilish smile on Dean’s face. “Figured we’d make it the day you fell madly in love with the most handsome asshole you’d ever seen and started your journey to depravity.”
Dean is pushed to the floor; all air knocked from his lungs. He tries and tries to say something. He needs Cas know.
“Uncle Dean’s favourite is that one,” she points to the cherry tree, “and he said you bake the best pies ever.”
Sam takes the seat opposite Dean, sincerity in his eyes. “Dean, after everything you’ve done for the world, for Cas, for me, you’re not selfish for wanting to live your life. You’ve done your job. Cas knew what he signed up for, and you tried, Dean. You tried.”
“So, for my birthday I finally got you to commit,” Castiel joked, knowing full well that it was the best gift Dean could have given him, but trying to calm Dean down.
Written as the faithless man and the broken angel, they were fated to follow their own set paths, destined to go their separate ways. In choosing one another, over and over, they escaped the pages of Chuck’s storybook, and with every gentle touch, every kiss, every hushed “I love you”, they write their own ending.
Overwhelmed with relief, even his words escape him. He’s been thinking about what he’d say for so long, but somehow nothing comes to mind now. Fuck. Why now of all times are the words failing him?
“Be right there, little lady,” Dean calls back, and then in a hushed tone says, “Duty calls.” Squeezing Cas’s hand and planting a kiss on his forehead before he goes, he says, “I love you, Mr. Winchester.”
It’s been five years since Dean rescued Cas from the Empty, and in their beach chairs, sand beneath their feet, hand in hand, they watch Sam spin Isla around, Eileen close by, beaming.
“I tried to stop him,” the vampire finally says. He shakes his head, a crease between his brows and a small smile on his face. “I tried and tried to convince him to leave without you. He wouldn’t budge. He’s a stubborn one I’ll tell you that.”
He tries to speak. His vocal cords don’t work, scratched raw, and he can’t find his voice, no matter how much he tries. The deafening, suffocating sound of the empty creeps in, invading his home and coming to take Cas again.
There was a pull in Castiel’s chest, and his breath hitched. He had a birthday. A day dedicated to him, given to him by those he loved most. His lungs refused to work. He thought he knew that they loved him before, but it was only at that moment that he truly believed it, and it hit him like a tonne of bricks. Sam and Dean Winchester loved him back.
Something sad in Sam’s eyes, it’s obvious he’s worried, but he lets Dean go regardless. He probably needs a break from him anyway, Dean thinks. Sam didn’t want to be around John Winchester Jr. all those years ago. Why would he want to now?
“These are his raspberries. They’re pretty aren’t they?” He hears Dean say, gently pulling on a stem to show her the cluster of pink fruits gathered at the end. Freya nods. “Yeah, pretty just like him,” Dean adds.
That’s when Dean decides. Cas is going to carve his name in that table himself, and Dean can deal with the aftermath, whatever it is. He can live with the consequences, but he can’t live like this.
Just behind them, in the second planter, there was an abundance of herbs: parsley, chives, oregano, mint, thyme, basil. Sam liked to joke that if you could name an herb, Castiel probably grew it. Unlike the rest of his plants though, he’d nurtured these ones from seeds, so to see them fully grown, bushy and thriving made Castiel feel like he did whenever Jack won a game of draughts against Dean, or helped Sam clean up after the weekly family dinner – a parent proud of his children.
Before his brain has had a chance to process what’s happening, his legs take over and he’s off the floor and racing down the stairs. Miracle follows, barking anxiously.
“Have a nice life, Chuck,” Dean says, setting his jaw and forcing a smile, trying to feign apathy. When he turns back he closes his eyes for a second, and is met with Sam and Jack’s own sympathetic ones when he opens them again. Remembering where he is and the job he has to do, he fixes his expression, frown on, eyes cold and distant, and makes his way to the Impala’s driver seat. Jack and Sam follow.
Castiel hears him let out a short, cold laugh, and tries hard not to focus on the selfish part of him that wants to be with Dean. Every instinct is telling Castiel to find him. It would be so easy. A thought and he could be with him. One, tiny thought, and he could tell Dean he missed him too, and that he was sorry and ashamed and everything else that he’d been wanting to say ever since he’d left him all those months ago.
Castiel leans down and kisses Dean softly, bringing him to his feet. When he’s standing again, Dean pulls Castiel in closer, his heart thumping hard against Castiel’s chest. When Castiel reluctantly draws away, Dean catches his arm and brings him in again, planting one more kiss on his lips.
They’re still far enough away that Castiel could lead them elsewhere. He could get them away from Dean. They’re sensing his grace, and after years of being sealed away by God and forced to prey upon each other whilst the angels stayed in Heaven, any leviathan would relish ripping Castiel to shreds. But without hunger, humans are worthless to them in here, and so if Castiel left, they would follow him, and Dean would only have to handle the regular monsters. If Castiel left, Dean would be safe.
“Nothing. It’s dark, and it’s cold, and it’s nothing. And little Castiel is surrounded by all the angels he ever betrayed, all the demons he fought on your behalf, thinking about all the times he let you down.”
Castiel feels the leviathans closing in and tries to think of his next move. Over and over, two words repeat in his head:
Sam speaks again, and it’s clear he’s trying to choose his words carefully. “What did Chuck mean earlier,
He remembers wondering what point there was in saving a world that didn’t care he was gone. To him, it seemed wrong that it could keep turning when someone so important wasn’t in it anymore. He thought that there should be no sun on his skin, no air in his lungs, and yet the sun still shone, day after day, and everything carried on as normal, like there could ever be a normal for him again.
Castiel knows what he has to do, but something occurs to him, and it turns the taste in his mouth sour. Dean will think he ran away. After everything, all of his sacrifice and all of his trust, Dean would think that Castiel had left him there to die. The thought alone is enough to make Castiel’s chest tight.
“Sam, please,” Dean barks, his voice harsher than he planned. He hangs his head. As if his dad lives in him, there he is, right on cue.
Once everyone has a slice, Dean cuts himself a piece. Somehow, even after serving himself last, his slice is still the biggest. “So, I used Cas’ jam in between the layers. Even if the cake is inedible that should be good.”
It finally dawns on Castiel that it isn’t that Dean needed to know how to leave Purgatory; Dean thinks it’s his responsibility to get Castiel out.
Dean wraps his arms around him, and pulls him in tight. This is definitely real. Dean slaps just above his shoulder blade. Castiel doesn’t let himself hug back.
Chuck grins. “If that helps you sleep at night. I don’t know how you do it – knowing that the one true, real thing in your life is dead. How he never got to say goodbye to his son, or Sam. How he was never happy until he realised he would be free from you and everything you put him through. Knowing that now he’ll be replaying all the times he disappointed you, all the times you told him he was the problem, every time you pushed him away, forever, and all of it is because of you.”
When he catches most of his breath back, he pushes himself off the door and heads to the Impala, pulling open the car door and slamming it behind him. He doesn’t even know where he’s going. He needs to be somewhere not empty. Somewhere he doesn’t notice the blank space Cas left behind. Turning the key in the ignition, he makes his way onto the road and heads to the nearest bar.
There’s the “I told you so” Castiel had expected earlier. “Soup still isn’t medicine,” is all he can manage to come back with.
That doesn’t stop Dean from thinking about it though, and sitting at that table with heavy lids, head hung, he prays.
Castiel smiles, and manages to make an opening with his fingernail. “Thank you.” From the pile Freya had made on his knee, he plucks a daisy and pushes it through the gap.
Dean feels a smile bloom on his face, and he can’t tell if his cheeks feel warm because of the heat or because he’s blushing. When he replies, he tries to keep his voice as cool as he can. “I guess we’re gonna’ have to get married then.”
“Yeah – she’s gonna’ be a bruiser,” Dean says, a far-away look on his face, a small smile on his lips. Castiel watches as he takes one last look at the photo before he returns it to his pocket. He could have sworn that Dean was shining in that moment – he already loved his niece so much, already so unconditionally proud of her and they hadn’t even met. Castiel thought she might be the luckiest girl in the world.
The vampire’s expression is something like disbelief and confusion. There’s a pause, and then he finally answers. “It’s true. What kinda’ monster are you then?”
Moving towards the tree, Castiel recalled how that evening, when everyone had gone to bed, their bellies full and hearts merry from the day’s festivities, he’d come across a recipe for cherry pie in his new cookbook, a gift from Eileen, and bent the page corner to find it again another day.
Heart racing, forehead sweaty, Dean jolts up from his bed. In the early morning silence, his shallow breaths seem deafening.
This is the fourth night in a row he’s fallen asleep at the table now, and he sits up in his chair, his back screaming with it. As he stretches, wincing at the twinge in his spine, his eyes catch sight of the blank space by his initials in the surface of the table. There’s a vacancy right next to them, and any time Dean notices, he thinks of Cas.
Before he gets back to work, Dean looks at Cas, taking in how the fading sun behind him frames his jaw, how the blue of his eyes, echoes of the sky that day, gleam in the light. Placing the beer on the table as he stands, he leans across the table to where Cas sits, placing his lips on his forehead and kissing him softly, and like the birds above, everything in him sings.
Sam turns a little to face Dean, his almost permanently fixed anxious frown that has developed recently replaced by sad, sympathetic eyes. “He knew, Dean. Of course he did.”
It’s not long before the dread hits, and for the first time in his life Castiel feels sick to his stomach.
Dean focuses his eyes on the words on the page, trying to find his place. Not two moments later, Sam speaks again. “Dean, are you sure about this?”
He stands there and watches as Dean passes through the edge of the trees. His eyes dropped up and down, almost to check if Castiel is real. Castiel doesn’t feel real. If it wasn’t for the fact that Dean is barely recognisable, Castiel might have thought his eyes were still closed, and he is still daydreaming.
thank you for being here, and thank you for reading my silly little words. you'll never know how much it means to me.
If he makes one wrong call, makes one wrong move, Dean could die, and it would be Castiel’s fault. He let the leviathans out. He was the reason Dean was in Purgatory in the first place. If he caused Dean’s death too, Castiel thinks even Purgatory might be too good for him.
Once on the road, Chuck’s words follow Dean like they’re in the back seat, and he puts all his focus on driving. He didn’t expect that on the way home they’d still be there, taking up even more space with the newest seat made empty by Jack’s departure.
His confusion must’ve been written on his face, because Dean laughs and adds, “Usually the person whose birthday it is gets the slice with the most icing or a specific part of the design.”
“Uncle Dean!” Freya chimes, squirming in Sam’s arms as soon as she sees him. From across the garden, Dean turns his head, his eyes glinting, his face beaming.
With that though, Dean makes a noise against the rim of his bottle. “Oh yeah. Test me. I want to surprise Eileen tomorrow.”
“What-“ Maybe Dean’s heart breaks more in that moment than it ever has before. Somehow, his worst nightmare has come true. Cas really doesn’t know. Chuck was right. All this time, and Cas never knew. “You, Cas.”
The image is so perfect that Castiel almost forgets where he is, but when he opens his eyes, he’s jarred back to reality.
Eventually, he looks back again, and he and Castiel catch eyes. They share a look, and the vampire must know what Castiel is thinking, but all he says is, “Hola.”
Dean turns his attention to the fireplace, and noticing that the fire has died, he bends down and stokes it until the flames crackle back to life. Castiel sighs in relief as he inches closer, and Dean sits on the floor next to him. They stay like that for a while, Castiel huddling close to Dean, watching the embers as they hiss and sputter, and finally, when Castiel begins to warm up, he breaks the easy silence.
“How does it feel, Dean? Knowing that he will feel like a disappointment for eternity, and it’s all your fault?”
Turning around and crouching down, he holds Miracle close and says goodbye. “Stay, boy. I’ll be back soon, I promise.” With that, he’s out the front door and racing to the Impala. He throws himself into the driver’s seat, jams the key into the ignition, and with two shaky hands clinging to the steering wheel, Dean pushes the accelerator to the floor and makes for the Bunker.
He listens to the trickling of the water as it sweeps over the rocks, its flow slow and calm, and closes his eyes. Taking in a deep breath, he lets himself imagine that he’s back on Earth.
Dean had forgotten he’d taken this picture. It’s one of the only ones he has of Cas. There was never really any time for pictures, but Dean made sure he took one that day though. That day, one of the best days of his life. He’s so glad it’s captured forever. Maybe he’ll get it framed.
“Yes, he is,” Castiel sighs, and they exchange a glance. Unlike all the times before, it’s not an awkward glance they share, but a knowing one. It seems Dean makes a lasting impression on almost everyone, even monsters. Castiel thinks that Benny might not be as bad as he first thought.
Freya nodded her head. “Mm-hmm, he also said he wanted to ask you something, but I’m not allowed to say,” she says, her voice hushed, before leaving another handful of daises on his knee.
Dean shakes his head and laughs. “That reminds me,” he says, holding a finger up and moving to the side table just beside them. He pulls out the draw and roots through it. When he turns back, he’s holding a small navy blue box. “Your birthday gift.”
He can’t move. He wants to hold Cas close. He wants to keep him safe and to never let him go, but he can’t step forward, and he can’t move his arms. Stuck in place, a weeping statue, he’s forced to watch and powerless to stop it.
The last of the evening light filters through the window, and with Dean’s fingers gently combing through his hair, Castiel drifts off to sleep. The crackles of the turning vinyl blend with the sizzles of the fire, a hushed percussion that marries the music, now nothing but a distant echo. Castiel’s bones still ache, but unlike the night before, he’s not disturbed by a scratch in his throat, or a blocked nose that makes it hard to breathe. Tonight, safe and wrapped up in Dean’s arms on this tiny old sofa, he finds slumber easy.
Castiel peeled his eyes from Dean to his fingers for a second before they were drawn back again. “It was meant to be a surprise.”
Dean steadies his breathing, and lets the anger, the guilt, the pain of Chuck’s words go through him. Chuck wants to prove what Dean suspected of himself all along, and he’s not going to give him what he wants this time. Not this time. Cas said he wasn’t like that, and Dean has always believed in Cas.
Samandriel gave Henry a hug before moving to Bobby. Bobby was already waiting with open arms, pulling the little tyke in for a hug. “Now, I don’t care how much power you got, you listen to those boys when it comes to training and hunting. They know what they’re doing. Now tell me, how is Cas doing? The last time I saw him, he wasn’t himself then he died.”
After the full host of Heaven released their wrath, Amara, The Darkness, was no more. Dean, who had witnessed the whole thing, suddenly collapsed gasping for breath. Not knowing what was wrong, he prayed to the whole of Heaven, begging for answers; before passing out.
Dean felt bad for the littlest Archangel, he’d spent his whole existence being put on the backburner, and they hadn’t treated him very well during the apocalypse. The poor guy was probably waiting for Dean to kick him out “yes Gabe, we 100% are sure you can stay. You’re Cas’s brother and our friend, plus you helped us out back in the day, and we never got a chance to thank you. So, where would you like your room to be?”
“It never happened again” Chuck continued “one soul bond was made with the universe; the rest were created by Cupids. So, when you were told the paring of Mary Campbell and John Winchester was commended to ensure you and your brother were born, it was true, just not for the reasons everyone believed. If you were never born, Dean, the universe wouldn’t have been able to support itself. It would have probably imploded.”
Apparently, everyone was down trying to process the information, as they all jumped up and started yelling “no way” and “fuck you Winchester, ain't no way you met Angels, they don't exist, and God? Yeah, I call bullshit”.
“Right, I know Cas said you don’t really like to eat human food too much, but are you hungry after being brought back?”
Adam went next, he scooped Samandriel up into a tight hug “pass that on to Sam and Dean for me, please. And tell them I’ll see them when they get up here. Also, tell them their mom is wonderful.”
“As much as I’d love to watch this all day, Dean deserves an explanation as to what happened to him.”
Charlie nodded “that’s good, I don’t think I would be able to process him if he looked like anyone else. Mind you, it does get weird when Jimmy comes to visit, they look exactly alike but act completely different.”
Dean laughed, grabbing the offered hand, and using it to pull Cas in for a quick kiss “you know I am, sweetheart.”
Dean gaped at his brother “where in Hell, did you find time to chat to Chuck? The friggin Sun was dying Sammy!”
“Well Dean-O” Gabriel spoke up from Sam’s side “you prayed with your soul so deeply, it shook all of Heaven. Shook it enough for me to save Sammy, and for Dad to come back!” he explained cheerfully.
Chuck laughed lightly, and rolled his eyes “oh yeah? What kind on rules do I need to be told before I can take one of my own Angels to Heaven?”
Sam had tears streaming down his face, his mind racing with all the information he’d received over the course of the night.
Dean sighed "I'm glad we get our family back when we die, I just wish you'd get your brothers back."
Approaching the Winchester parents, Samandriel felt nervous. They seemed ok when everyone was talking together, but if he had learnt anything from his Uncle Sam, it’s that looks can be deceiving, especially when it came to strong emotions.
“I like your plants.” Freya says, picking the tiny white flowers that dotted the ground in front of them.
“No, I’m perfectly sane.” His eyes are darting from point to point around where they stood. He can’t feel the leviathan, but he’d already been at this stream too long, and Dean is here now. He doesn’t feel sane. “But then, ninety-four percent of psychotics think they’re perfectly sane, so I guess we’d have to ask ourselves what is ‘sane’?”
In between licks, Dean tucked his tongue into the corner of his lips and reached into the back pocket of his jeans. He pulled out a black and white photograph.
He’s so focused on eating that he doesn’t notice Dean rummage through the vinyl in one of the unpacked boxes, and it’s only when he finishes the soup that he realises there’s music playing now. The tinny twinkle of an old-timey piano tells him that it’s an old Men of Letters vinyl, and it’s not long before it’s accompanied by a muffled tapping on the windows as it starts to rain.
At the end of the song, they cheered and clapped, but it was white noise in Castiel’s ears. All he could do was stare. He looked around at the smiling faces, everyone he loved in one place, and was so overcome with joy and surprise that all he could do was sit there and stare.
“Thank you, Cas,” his voice is warm and sincere, and he turns his head to place a kiss just above Castiel’s wrist. His lips were sticky, but Castiel didn’t care. There was a time when he had had to relish the pats on his shoulder, or the occasional hugs they’d shared. He had never let himself hope that one day Dean would want him to cup his face, or that he’d kiss his skin so softly that he could have sworn his heart stopped.
Cas sighed "after Ellen and Jo passed away, I went to find them in heaven. I found Ash first, because everyone was in his heaven. He met me outside to ask if I were there to make everyone go back. He let me in once I explained who I was. Everyone was there. Mary, John, Ellen, Bill, Jo and Jessica. I spent time getting to know everyone, but I didn't tell you because I was worried it would upset you."
Hand in hand, they walked forward, ready for a new future. A future full of light, and hope. With their patchwork family beside them.
Sam rolled his eyes as he stepped forward “keep the domestic for the Bunker guys. Cas, there were a few people doubting your existence in the world. And, they didn't quite believe Dean’s story, he figured you could clear that up” he smirked.
Chuck gave everyone else a hug before leaving for Heaven. Cas and Gabriel could hear the joyous cheers over Angel radio.
Cas looked furious and heartbroken, all at once. He marched over to Dean, and harshly answered “Don’t you dare say that I shouldn’t have saved you. If I’ve told you once, I’ve told you a thousand times, you deserve to be saved. And, I’m not sorry about anything that’s happened. If I never saved you, then I’d still be blindly following Heaven, or the World would have ended 6 years ago. I would have never known what falling in love felt like, and how it would feel to be in a human relationship with someone as wonderful as you. I’m glad to have you and Sam as my family. I’m glad I got to meet Bobby, he became a father to me. I’m glad I got Gabriel back, one of the few Angels to truly like and understand me. I’m thankful for you every day, Dean Winchester.”
Now that Sam had Gabe under his wing – so to speak – Dean turned to Cas and looked him over. He looked tired, and run down. Sighing, Dean reached over to pull Cas in for a hug “come on man, lets get Alfie’s room set up. Once we’ve done that, we’ll have some food and rest until he gets here”.
“I believe those would have been Michael’s screams, as Adam was the vessel he was wearing when he entered the Cage, his Grace would have taken on those traits.”
Dean didn’t react to his voice, but Cas spoke up “we have made a room up for Samandriel, and decided to make food for us and Gabriel, since he doesn’t like to eat human food too much. Where is Gabriel anyway?” Cas half expected his brother to be stuck to Sam’s side for while.
“Andy!” he yelled, excitedly, as he threw himself towards the boy. Samandriel was more than used to Gabriel’s antics, so he held his arms out in preparation.
Dean nodded, seemingly thinking over what Samandriel had said, before clicking his fingers “got it! I’ll just ask Chuck. He obviously likes me enough, if he lets me keep Angels away from Heaven for long lengths of time, and I did help abort the Apocalypse.”
“Father?” Cas spoke up, looking pained “is that the only reason Dean and I fell in love? Because the universe deemed our pairing before we were made?”
“Hello Dean, what is it you need my assistance for? And, no, I'm not ‘quite finished’ with my show, just because you don't like it, doesn't mean I will stop watching it!”
Sam looked at her “what have you heard?” they’d both done a lot of bad shit, so he was prepared for the worst.
Gabriel was the first to react. He stepped forward slowly and grabbed Dean into a gentle hug, using his wings to embrace him “if the universe decided that we were important enough to be included in peace on Earth, then I wouldn’t change a thing. I got my littlest brother back, dad came home and I got to meet you and Sammy over there. The only two beings in existence who didn’t care that I was an Archangel, or Loki. The only thing you both expected of me was for me to be good. You showed me that it was ok to let people in.”
“No” Dean whispered quietly “I love you Cas, and whether a kid was yours through bonds or blood, I’d still accept them as mine. I wish you would have told me sooner, I would have been there for you more after Crowley killed him.”
Charlie, who had previously been slouched back in her chair absorbing the information she was hearing, leaned forward “what kind of stories have those boys been telling about me?” she asked, amusement colouring her tone.
Castiel rose to hug Samandriel, as he did every time the departed the bunker separately. Dean followed closely behind, offering Samandriel a squeeze on his shoulder and a “be good, and be safe”.
“Uncle Sam said that too, but Dad still calls him ‘Sammy’ so it would be confusing for me to be called that too. Father calls me my name, or whatever nickname he has picked up at the time – little one, bee, and so on. Dad calls me Alfie, because my vessel was named that, and he said my name was too long. And, Uncle Gabe calls me ‘Andy’ because it is a possible nickname for Samandriel according to him.”
Cas shot him a thankful look “that’s very kind of you Sam, perhaps we can all share dinner later in the evening?”
Everyone moved to a larger table over to the side, and took their seats. Samandriel was directed to the head of the table by Ellen “might as well sit where everyone can get an eye on you”. He bowed his head for a moment, wondering where to begin. He decided on starting with his birth, then skipping ahead to his death and resurrection.
