“Great Marty McFly,” Clint breathed and Tony rolled his eyes, though he secretly shared the sentiment.
“Shhhh,” Tony soothed him, pulling him out of the bed. “Gotta push through, little guy. Nothing we can do about that, I’m so sorry.”
“I was mad at you about Bucky!” Steve yelled at him and clenched his hands into fists, forcing himself to calm down. “I realize now that it wasn’t your fault, but I was allowed to be mad at you. You lied to me. That didn’t change the fact that I loved you.” Taking a deep breath, he forced the words out before he could stop himself. “And it doesn’t change that I love you still.”
The room was quiet except for the sounds of noisy springs, the mutual pants, and the slap of flesh against flesh. It was somehow more intimate, more real, than anything Steve had ever experienced. Unlike any fantasy he might have made up in the past, unlike anything he would have expected. He touched Tony and his skin sizzled, he breathed and Tony shuddered. His cock slid in and out of him as if it had always needed to be there.
Tony blinked and ignored the pain that jabbed his side for no reason other than it was there and wanted to be remembered. He was staring at Steve with such intensity that he nearly forgot everything else. “You want to shut down SHIELD,” he said then, almost mindlessly. The words were there but they didn’t quite make sense, yet.
The sharpness of his question, however, just caused Ian to cry harder, his big azure blue eyes staring up at Tony in terrible confusion.
“What was your name again?” Tony asked, only then realizing that the man had never actually introduced himself. It hadn’t mattered
like this. So he walked up to him, and he didn’t care if the others watched them. He leaned down, cupped Tony’s cheeks, and kissed him.
Tony chuckled at that, and Steve tried for a small smile. "After Bucky came to live with me, everything kind of tipped out of balance.” He paused, taking a deep breath and finally met Tony's eyes. “You asked what's wrong with me. The answer is that I got scared. And I made decisions based on that fear. Mistakes, really. And I'm sorry I put you through that." He lowered his hands and leaned a little against Tony's hands, just enough to bring attention back to their close proximity. "I'd like to make it right, if you'd let me."
“Bucky!” Steve shouted in the distance, jumping forward over the guard railing in an attempt to block the Winter Soldier’s path. Tony rushed in their direction, and watched as Barnes—now maskless—stopped in his tracks. He turned around to stare at Steve impassively, as if politely waiting for him to elaborate. When he didn’t, his blank expression changed to one of mild confusion.
“Maria sent a message. Someone called off the government squad for now.” Tony smiled grimly. “Looks like you’ve got friends in places we all didn’t know about.”
Despite the fact that he was the subject of the conversation, Bucky sat perfectly still in the corner of the room, glancing out of the window.
Ultron pulled the shield out before throwing it back in Steve’s direction. Simultaneously, he fired a blast at him, and Steve had to sidetrack and therefore couldn’t catch the shield in time and watched it toppling to the street.
It had been a long day. Completely surreal, too. He kept expecting to blink and find himself back in his and Tony’s penthouse, but the harsh reality remained—the world wasn’t going to change. He’d only been back on solid ground for four hours, and it already seemed years had passed since he’d held Tony in his arms that morning. He hadn’t even had a chance to take him aside or ask how he felt—ask any of the burning questions regarding SHIELD that had been lodged in his throat for weeks now.
Steve nodded curtly. Tony grimaced as he eased him down onto the spare bed, and winced even more as he kneeled over his crotch and set to work, getting plate after plate off of Tony’s body with marksman precision.
Steve exhaled deeply, gaze finding her blank one, heart breaking at the flecks of confusion and shock clouding her blue eyes as she looked him up and down. He smiled bravely. “Yes, Peggy. I’m back.”
“Bucky!” Steve yelled, true panic seeping into him, trying once more to push through, but it was of no use. Bucky’s face became white, ashen, and it was then that Tony shot past them all.
Natasha’s face was unreadable, only Bucky looked equally baffled. He sat back, huffing. “Wow,” he breathed, pushing a hand through his long hair.
When Bucky came at him again, Steve backhanded him with so much force that he spun a full 180 degrees before he could right himself. Bucky whirled a circle around him, and came out in front with another knife extended. They both paused as if to consider the situation—Bucky standing on the edge of the bridge like an acrobat, Steve wide-legged and braced for a blow. An impressive leap on Bucky’s part, and Steve staggered backward with a blade between his eyes, his hands keeping it away just an inch from his forehead. The metal hand holding the knife shook with the strain, servos whirling, but Steve was stronger. He pushed forward, though Bucky had already drawn back again and struck, this time managing to slash the left side of his upper body. A trickle of blood streamed down, burning and momentarily making Steve stagger backwards. But the pain and adrenaline forced him to shake it off instantly.
“Working on the bulb made me realize how much I hated the few Molecular Biology courses I took back in college. Had to get my hands on a bit of metal.” He grinned, and raised his hands, cringing when he noticed there was little skin visible through the layers of oil and grease.
Tony heaved a long-suffering sigh, raising the tumbler he’d been nursing to his lips all night as his fingers manipulated the remote control.
Tony stared at him. “My ways often hurt people, too,” he said. “You only wanted to help her. And Wanda’s a special flower. She’s got more power in her little finger than just about any one of us. She wasn’t born that way, so she needs to learn to control it. It wasn’t your fault for pointing that out.”
So he’d asked T’Challa for two tap-proof phones, and the man had gotten them for him without raising any questions. Steve was almost sure Sam knew what he was doing, but he didn’t say anything.
Steve stared down at his phone when it suddenly vibrated in his pocket. There were five messages. Two from Tony. Two from Natasha. One from Sharon.
Stane's thick hands lifted and tried to bear down on Steve's arms. Steve let go without struggle and took a step back out of the man's range, just in case. Stane looked downright ruffled. If Steve wasn't still hearing 'whoring yourself, whoring yourself, whoring yourself' in his head over and over again, he might've even found the sight amusing.
"I could come back later…" Steve offered, watching Tony watching him. It felt strange to be here, in this space that seemed to be entirely Tony. He was such an integral part of this place, Steve thought. All of this wouldn't exist without him, would it?
Fury cast a wary gaze to the soaked bandages on Tony’s body, worry lines creasing his face. “Will the virus take care of that?” he asked.
Apparently some expedition had found him in the ice, and thanks to the serum, he’d been in Cryostasis. It was all something right out of fantasy stories, but here he was, and his surroundings made it all very real.
“I wouldn’t dare,” Stane said. “That’s something capable men like you are going to find out, are you not?”
“Washington DC,” Ross went on and the feed switched to the moment when the Helicarriers in DC had fallen to the ground. And after that, a city rushed down to the earth. “Sokovia.” A building exploded, corpses lying on the ground. “Lagos.”
Closing his eyes, Steve stilled himself with a breath. He wouldn't get jealous about this, he told himself. Tony was seventeen, and likely not a virgin, but he had to ask, didn't he? It was just practical. "First: Have you done this before?"
You guys still here? :) Sorry for the delay. Next 2 weeks will be a bit busy for me, afterwards I'll be back to regular updates.
to see it,” Pepper interrupted him. “It’s magnificent! Tony used to spend days down there. Whenever we were hosting a gala, he always preferred to hide in his workshop.” She smiled warmly. “When I was still his assistant I even had to make sure he ate regularly, because he just forgot everything around him once he was down there.”
Steve’s gaze whipped back to Jarvis, hoping against hope Jarvis had some kind of explanation for this. However, his face was blank with confusion. After a pregnant pause, he shook his head.
“Pepper.” He turned to face her, enfolding her in his arms when she crashed right into him. “Don’t worry, he’s going to be fine.”
The look of honesty on Steve’s face made Tony’s heart both swell and ache. “You’re right. Just, I don’t know, this feels like…”
Steve straightened, his hands clenching into fists. Of course Fury would think that the Avengers—especially Natasha and Clint—were still under his jurisdiction first and foremost, despite the fact that they hadn’t been his employees for over a year by now. The Avengers were self-funded and only working for SHIELD on a contractual basis. And with Steve as the team’s leader, Fury had agreed to run every single command through him.
he never fussed about first times. If you think about it too long, it becomes intimidating, daunting. He didn't want to get anxious so quickly, so he grabbed for Tony's wrist as they were heading towards his bed, and he twirled him around to press their lips together in a quick kiss.
Together, he and Tony fought the three remaining soldiers off as best as they could—which wasn’t much. They could barely keep them away from where Bucky sat slumped on the ground. When Tony moved towards the female soldier, she backhanded his helmet with so much force that he spun a full 180 degrees before he could right himself. She whirled a circle around him, and came out in front with her arms gleefully extended to both sides. Tony’s helmet clearly hadn’t survived the blow, and Steve’s breath caught in his throat when he pulled it off, his face battered and bloodied.
“No,” Tony said with a gentle voice. “No, it doesn’t. I’ll tell you the whole story at some point, but for now, I really wanna touch you some more.” And then, because it was still
Well, good for him, Tony thought and he hated himself a little for that surge of envy rising inside of him. Just because he and Pepper had never managed to make their relationship last, he shouldn’t be petty now. Because… despite everything, Steve deserved to be happy.
She held his gaze a beat longer, then sighed her resignation and glanced back to the pavement. “Sometimes.” She shrugged. “It’s just the way I am.”
For a second, pain overshadowed Bucky’s features, but he didn’t close in completely. “Forever.” His voice wavered a bit, but then he got hold of himself. “And also just… brief glimpses. Can’t really explain it. Everything always re-started. Every time they brought me out of the ice, I hadn’t known any time had passed at all. Now it seems like… forever.”
Their gazes held for what seemed like an excruciatingly long time, hers sad and steady, his full of confusion. She looked away first. “Неправильный ответ.”
“He’s so beautiful,” Tony prompted, knowing exactly what went through Steve’s head right now, because his mind was basically stuck on replay since he’d picked up his son for the first time. “Aren’t you a beauty, Ian?”
Most of all, he was proud of this brave step Tony'd taken with his company. Shutting down the lucrative weapons' division in favor of something more benevolent, and much more risky, was a step most companies would've paid a dire price for, but somehow, Tony had managed to sell the idea well enough for his company to stay one of the top ranking in Wall Street.
Natasha smiled, and there was visible tension in her shoulders. She glanced at Coulson, who nodded. “No,” she told Steve. “I have to make a short detour to Calcutta. But I’ll meet you there.”
“Steve,” he gasped, earning a particularly sharp thrust. And then sensory started to fade—his gaze went blurry and his knees weakened even as his legs refused to let Steve go. His grasp on him became anxious, his eyes watering. He scrambled for hold on the tractor, grabbing the steering wheel with one hand and the old steam vent with the other.
“Last time we met, you said I was ruining your life!” Tony snapped. “You said you didn’t want to see me again! I only did what you asked of me, I—”
The idea alone made Steve sob. Tony’d let Steve have him; he knew he would. But it’d leave him ruined for anyone else, and all too soon he might not dream of Tony again, and where would that leave him?
Most of the Iron Legion was still circulating around the carriers and with Thor and Sam being in the air with them, they were keeping the carrier’s weapons out of commission with ease.
If Steve needed to have a few hours of quiet, going someplace where he wasn’t confronted with the craziness of their superhero life, he had every right to do so. That this ‘place’ just happened to be the bar he’d used to go to pick up a one night stand, well, that was just a coincidence, wasn’t it?
know this place. It was just that a lot of things rang foreign. He was in the living room at the New Avengers Facility. The couches were different, though, and so were the floor, the curtains and the rest of the furniture. Only a few things were familiar. The African artwork Bruce had put next to one of the coffee tables, for example, but on its left was now a big TV screen and a truly impressive sound system had been added.
Trying unsuccessfully to swallow the lump that had formed in his throat, Steve headed back to their car where Sam was already waiting for him.
It had barely been two months. Tony knew what he wanted now, but those words seemed too inadequate, too simple—and yet still too scary. He had always put so much stock in words, and he’d always been good with them. Though in the end, words had failed him when it counted.
Steve shouldn't pursue anything with him. He knew he wasn't seeing Tony as a full adult—not all the time. It would be unhealthy for both of them. Steve could feel the drive to be a nurturing force in the kid's life; to be the person who made sure he was eating properly and had someone to turn to he could trust no matter what. That couldn't be good ground for a romantic pursuit. Besides, the kid already
That was… Steve had no idea what that supposed to mean. Zemo’s motivations hadn’t been clear to him so far, but one thing was very obvious.
He closed his eyes, reaching out to Extremis. After a few seconds of zapping through the tower’s security cameras, he located Steve. He was asleep, though not on the bench in front of Barnes’ room, as Tony had expected, but in the workshop of all places. He was curled up on the sofa at the far corner of the room, and Tony frowned when he spotted DUM-E next to him, making low but regular whirring noises.
.” Tony leaned back, straightening. “I’ll have full access to everyone’s comms and vitals, at all times. JARVIS and I will operate the Iron Legion from afar, and if things go wrong, you’ll tell me right away, and you’ll allow me to get you out of there,” he said.
,” he snapped, trying to pull his hand back but Steve was holding on tightly. His eyes flared and he pushed against Steve in a swift, angry motion. “Why would you even
Nebula pushed her own hand into the Gauntlet, and it adjusted immediately, shrinking in size, fitting perfectly around her slim fingers. A deafening sound emerged, and amazingly, the Infinity Stones came to life once more.
Tony sat back down, though he still stayed close, holding his hand again. “Look, Steve, as I said: I was mad at you for a long time. And I still wish you could’ve trusted me enough to tell me about Barnes, but I see now that maybe I didn’t give you enough reasons to do that.”
—see the both of them together—but Steve was all but towering over his body, shielding them from sight as he wrapped a warm hand around their lengths. The dry friction made Tony cry out and clutch at Steve’s shoulders with new vigour. How he could feel so out of control so soon was beyond him, but all he could do now was pull himself closer and thrust against Steve’s erection.
She lowered her eyes for a second, took a breath, and looked back at him with a smile. “It’s Natasha, these days.”
“Steve…” Tony intervened, walking up to Steve and putting an arm around his waist, holding him back.
She faced off against Tony for a few seconds, then caved and nodded. Her face lifted to his and her belligerent stance softened. “I’m worried, too, you know. You can share with someone. Can’t just keep going off and being the hero for everyone.”
“We could fight him,” Steve offered, eyeing him. “But I think we should stick to the plan and try to steal the Sequencer without him noticing. And then bring it back after we used it.”
And what was he going to do about Tony? There were so many conflicting thoughts running through his head, but after the conversation with Bruce, all he could think of was that he should try and help Tony—
“Look,” Tony began. “I know that you know where everything is, and I know that you know I know it, but I’m paranoid, and I won’t enjoy this if I didn’t give you the short version.”
Tony leaned up on both of his elbows to get away from Steve’s soaked-through shirt. “No. For ruining my shirts by lying in a puddle of your jizz, sweetheart.”
“Ah, Tony already warned me you were undermining your skills,” Pepper said. “We’ll see. I happen to know one or two things about art, and if
Steve hiked Tony’s legs around his waist, pushing him up against the tractor’s side, his hand still caressing him through his jeans. “So hard for me.”
“What?” Bucky asked, his tone askance. “I’m impressed, that’s all. After all that awkward stammering with Peggy… didn’t know you had it in you.”
Tony tried glaring at him again, but the smile twitching at Bucky’s lips just made him raise an eyebrow and cross his arms over his chest. “You’re one to talk. You guys have more ‘moments’ than any other couple in history.”
There was movement in the room. And then, someone was pressing a warm washcloth to his forehead, tilting the mattress with his weight as he sat down beside him.
Steve pulled him close, and he rested his forehead on his chest. “You’re going to be fine.” He pulled back, looking Tony in the eye. “You
Tony nodded in understanding, carding his fingers across Steve’s scalp. “We’ll help him get through this. I’ll do everything I can, I promise.”
“If we can’t find Stephen—I don’t see a different way. We’ll just have to figure out a plan to bring the Sequencer back before Doom even notices.”
The irony of it all was that he had known this. Signing the Sokovia Accords, he’d known that at the end of it all, there might be still Rhodey at his side, there might still be Vision, but most of the team would leave.
The rest of the evening went by so smoothly Tony often found himself wondering if he should pinch himself in the arm and see if he was still lying in his bed, dreaming that all of this was happening.
Slowly, the girl leaned into him, brushing her lips back and forth across his own. He squeezed his eyes shut, shaking his head. When her fingers reached for his fly, unfastening the top button, he shifted away. “Прекрати это.”
A heavy sigh trembled through Steve’s lips, as he closed his eyes and let sleep carry him away. And wished—
Bucky and Natasha had taken up the other side of the couch, and while they weren’t fully cuddling or anything, they were definitely sitting very closely. Bucky’s voice was airy but he was looking straight at him now, and there was something in his eyes. It wasn’t sad or reproachful—it wasn’t even too serious—and it made Steve ache. It made him feel—Home.
Ms Jameson was now striding around up front, wishing all of them a great time at college, and a ‘wonderful rest of their lives’.
Tony snorted and cast Bruce an amused glance. He might not be much of a help, but Tony was glad he was here, anyway.
It was stupid, okay? Silly even, but Steve didn't really care, and even if he had, there would be no way for him to stop the flood of happiness inside. He'd stopped hoping, at one time, that he'd ever find anyone to call his boyfriend, or girlfriend for that matter. He'd contented himself to a life of fighting the good fight and having no one to come home to. And he’d been fine with that.
“Not as long as Jarvis,” Stane answered. “He was already here when Tony’s father was still a boy. I only joined Stark Industries a few years before Howard died. Indries was later hired as my assistant, and she and Tony fell in love at first sight. Only a few weeks after she joined the company, they got married. I have never seen Tony as happy as he was in those days.”
They held their gazes a bit longer, and just when Steve had convinced himself that he could finally walk up to Tony and wrap his arms around his slim figure, Tony cleared his throat and took a step back.
It didn’t make sense how much energy he poured into outsmarting her. She wasn’t his target. His target was the scientist, some famous nuclear engineer, and he’d followed him all the way from Tehran to Odessa. Thanks to her, it had taken him five whole days of observation before the scientist finally did something unexpected by wanting to drive across the city in his cabriolet.
Steve blinked, and looked at him for a long, dumbfound moment. Then he cleared his throat, shifting a little to get more comfortable. “What?”
“It wasn’t you,” Steve interrupted, and he didn’t need Bucky to confirm it, he knew it couldn’t have been him. There were too many things that didn’t make sense, too much not quite right. “Someone staged it, I’m sure.”
In the last ten-something hours, he’d managed, probably for sheer dumb luck, to keep the identity and whereabouts of the 'mystery shooter' unknown. How much longer that would last wasn’t clear. But Tony knew, the moment one reporter—just one—had the scoop, all bets were off.
He’d spent the entire day looking at his own quarters, then Jarvis had led him to the library, the gardens, the dining rooms and the swimming area. Afterwards, he’d tried looking for ‘the workshop’, as Stane had called it—a place where he figured Tony’s inventing took place—but it was nowhere to be found.
the devil! Steve adamantly pressed his eyes closed, then let his forehead sink against the steering wheel.
Steve’s smile faded to a bemused grin as he slid the finger all the way in. Tony was clenching around him like a vice, at first, but he could see him taking deep breaths and after a few seconds, he was loosening up. Steve dipped his head and brushed a kiss over Tony’s stomach, licking a wet path to his cock. When his lips closed in around the head, Tony cried out and arched off the floor again, hands clenching the sleeping back with such fervor that he nearly ripped them to shreds.
“No,” Tony agreed with a pleased hum, feeling Steve’s words settling inside him like a warm sip of coffee. No regrets, then. He could live with that.
Their rhythm was in sync so perfectly, they moved against each other, pressing and pulling, clenching and rolling their hips, deep thrusts and circular pressure. The hoarse sounds that left Tony's lips and the slaps of their bodies rang loudly in the dark space, and Tony's fingers tightened their hold on Steve as his thrusts grew faster.
“So you’re saying there’s no other charmingly handsome man waiting for me? That’s a bit of a bummer.”
He patted the bed for Tony to join him. It was true that Tony had been using this nickname for him since the beginning, but Steve was slowly starting to worry about it becoming a long-term habit.
Ant-Man had been on the news before, but it hadn’t been clear whether or not Scott was a good guy. Sam, however, was clearly rooting for him, and in Steve’s book, that was enough.
“No,” Tony interrupted, though he felt his face heating up. “You could’ve figured all of that out by talking to Pepper.”
The night’s events began to take their toll, leaving them physically and emotionally wrung out. Steve forced himself to get up and move the cradle next to their bed, then scooped up the baby without waking him. He tucked Ian snugly beneath his blanket, then leaned over and kissed him, taking in his fresh baby scent with his eyes shut tight.
While Tony drank his coffee, Pepper fetched a brush, a razor, and several bottles of whatever beauty product she deemed necessary and went to work.
He grinned even wider when he noticed the now flustered look on Handsome’s face. Late twenties, early thirties, Tony figured. Clearly out of his reach, and—considering the worn messenger-bag and the casual-but-still-professional-looking jacket—he was probably one of the junior professors. Definitely out of his reach, then.
Tony sat in a chair on the balcony, staring at the forest that surrounded the compound. He’d been sitting here for the better part of the night, trying to keep the thoughts running around in his head to a minimum.
“I know you’re afraid,” Steve went on. “And you have every right to be, considering what you’ve been through. We won’t ever fully understand how it has been for you, but I think I’m speaking for everyone when I say this won’t be our future. Not if we can help it. Not now that you’ve told us.”
An elderly man stepped in and Steve was so very relieved to see it was Jarvis and not Stane. He cast Steve a warm and gentle smile.
Instantly, Tony connected to Extremis and called Iron Man to him, watching as the red and gold plates bled across his body. Once he was encased in metal, the faceplate slid shut, and JARVIS pointed him to the two dozen HYDRA agents in front of him. He flew upwards, shooting repulsor blasts at the men closing up on Steve.
Tony could feel Steve’s heart thundering, his pulse humming melodically against Tony’s chest. He was nervous, no doubt about that now, but he also wanted this. He could feel it with every shiver, and the way his eyes begged him to do something already.
trying to kill them, wasn’t he? It was—not just them, but the whole world. He’d built the most advanced artificial intelligence to protect the people he loved, to give the Iron Legion someone to direct them, to lead them if need be, and now it planned to lay waste to the whole of humanity.
Sam grinned. “Pretty sure it’s gonna be the other way around but, sure, I’ll have an eye on him.” With that, he gave Tony a final nod, then made his way to the exit that’d lead him to the patio.
Tony sighed, nodded. “Me n-neither.” He was clutching his arms closer around himself, but the sodden cloth obviously didn’t do him any good.
Tony shifted slightly, his legs brushing ever-so-slightly against Steve’s. He’d not realized how tense he’d been, only now that Steve’s admission lifted a weight off of Tony’s shoulders, he felt the relief so potent it was hard to stay upright. “I… missed you, too,” he whispered.
And it was good; being close to Steve again. Tony might have to admit that it had been a stupid thing to do—to just block Steve out because he’d been embarrassed. He’d just thought that Steve had been well and truly disgusted with him, but that obviously wasn’t the case, so…
TS 2:04 P.M.>Why is this so difficult? I know I’m hiding it with my dashing looks, but I’m really a puddle of unhappiness right now
"I could stand here all night, just touching you, but I'm sure this isn't going to be enough," he said, his voice barely audible over the spray of water. "I'm not even sure what's going to be enough," he admitted over a short laugh, lowering his gaze, feeling genuinely coy. He hadn't meant to say all of that, but he wouldn't back down after the fact.
To try again had been a vague abstract. The thought of anyone else. But, for all the world, Tony couldn’t even summon Ty’s face anymore due to the way his lips tingled still with the echoes of Steve’s kiss. Steve, who clearly wasn’t even into guys, even though he’d kissed back.
“After Pepper,” Tony continued, a pinch between his brows, “and then again after the mess that was Sokovia and the Accords and
Tony, however, was regarding him with pure disbelief in his eyes. “You can’t mean that. Not really. And I couldn’t bear if—”
The predatory movements never waned, like a rabid dog on the hunt. Steve swallowed, averting his eyes from Bucky for just a moment to look him over. His black tee was dotted with burn marks and holes, as if he’d been sprayed with slag, but nothing else seemed out of place.
this was our only chance at getting prepared for things coming our way…” He heaved a great breath, unsure if he really should be voicing those words, but that was what their argument was all about, right? “And if you want me to be honest with you… No matter what happened with Ultron, that didn’t change. I still think it’s the right thing to do. And if I had the resources, I’d try again right now.”
“Good. No condom, then,” he said with another smile, and let the condoms drop back into the drawer. He leaned back, kneeling down between Steve’s thighs. He then put a hand on both of Steve’s legs and coaxed him to raise his knees a little, giving Tony better access.
It was happening again, except in reverse. One moment Steve was encased in softness, then, he stood in Tony’s workshop. This time, however, it took only a second for him to orient himself and realize that he was back in his own time.
“What the hell are you wearing?” Tony asked when he’d turned around to Steve once more. His brows were raised up high.
Tony shook his head. “Can’t believe I’ve found a man who will cook for me and doesn’t mind my morning breath.”
Of course, once Tony had come to that realization, that’s when a scent hit his nostrils. The scent of an aftershave he knew all too well.
“What are you thinking?” he asked eventually, stepping up to Steve and gently laid a hand on his shoulder.
"Anyway, we have some pancakes and salad here." He pointed at the dishes. "Or you could wait until I get something else ready. Or both."
Steve’s smile widened and was rewarded with a squeeze of Tony’s hand on his shoulder. With a soft push, Tony directed him towards the balcony, then closed the doors behind them.
Quick note: We are aware that 17 is legal in the US when it comes to age of consent, but we're going with it being illegal for the purpose of this storyline.
Bucky shrugged, poking Steve’s leg with his own. “Ice cream is ice cream. And considering your brooding face, it was either that or Tasha’s vodka, and I know that doesn’t do it for you.”
When he got outside, Tony was rummaging through the luggage compartment at the long side of the RV. The tent was already lying on the grass, and Tony flipped on the lights before throwing some poles and linens on top of it.
He had no conception of how much time had passed since he’d fought Steve on the Helicarrier, or how long they had kept him in this cell afterwards. The only thing he knew was that they had done something to him. There were memories now, and they were
Steve heaved a great breath, his hands curling into fists at his side. “You’ve been shutting me out, whether you like to admit it or not. You got lost in Extremis, a little more every day. And you think so highly of what that virus can do or what it knows that you don’t even think it’s necessary to talk to me about these things anymore.”
Her eyes met his after a moment, almost apologetic. As though she could tell what he was trying to accomplish… and perhaps she could. There was a sad wisdom in her eyes. The face of a woman who had tried everything in her power to remember… once upon a time.
“Are you sure?” Tony whispered. “You can still go. Turn your back on me, go home to your son and never see me again. You can convince yourself, once you wake up tomorrow, that none of this has happened. God, angels, the devil—none of this has to be real.”
you. You’ve… you’ve helped me live again. After Peggy’s death, I’ve been a shell of a man, and you, Tony, you’ve brought me back. How could I
Tony tried to glare at him over Steve’s shoulder without much success. “Shut it. We’re having a moment here.”
And Steve was very much not. Within hours, he’d made it to the FBI’s Most Wanted list. For now, it was only about gathering information, but as soon as they had final proof that Steve had indeed voluntarily helped a terrorist flee, then there was not much Tony could do for him.
Steve smiled at him—and Tony had forgotten that Steve had ever smiled at him like that. So softly. “Always.”
It felt weird. Steve wasn't even sure it was a good kind of weird. Tony moved slowly, gently advancing, and Steve appreciated the pace. He didn't know if he could take it any other way. The rigid presence inside him moved with its own mind—Tony's mind—and Steve's eyes fell closed. Tony was inside of him. Maybe it was just a finger, but it still felt huge.
“Yes,” Rhodey confirmed, but Steve knew he was agitated. “We could’ve watched it in Nashville, too, it’s just about two seconds shorter.”
“So be close,” Tony murmured seductively as he leaned in to softly bite into Steve’s earlobe. “I don’t mind.”
“Just tryin’ to keep it light,” Tony said, and heaved a long breath. “It’s a shitty situation, Vis, nothing to be done about that. For all of us. But you
"I'm doing it with you," Steve finally told him. "You're so warm inside," he commented idly then, eyes closing momentarily. "Need me to pull out?"
Natasha pressed her hips against his, smiling coyly when she felt how hard he already was. “We’ll see about that.”
The floor trembled with the weight of Tony’s confession. Steve had known where the story went, of course, but now, he couldn’t help but shiver. His eyes flickered over to where a few boats stood anchored to the floor with thick ropes, wondering which of them it had been.
“Think about it like that,” Tony went on. “The only reason why I resented you so much is because you’re about the only person in the world who can hurt me this deeply.”
Steve nodded, his thoughts trailing off. The words almost tumbled off his lips on their own account. “You know, when Bucky died, I…” He sighed, rubbing his forehead. “I had this moment, when I thought that I might as well quit. That I’d rather let the world go to Hell, because what did it matter if my brother wasn’t in it anymore.”
"That's a pretty generous bargain," Steve cautioned, though his tone was fond. He let his hand finally take a good grip around Tony's hand, fingers brushing over his heated skin through fabric. "I'll take it."
Rain, and thunder, and the chill—that was certainly worse in this dimension and Steve was infinitely glad that Tony seemed to recover well. He certainly
at Tony like he was doing something wrong. They’d been stranded here for almost two months. What did he expect? Of course Tony wouldn’t stop
A pang of guilt rushed through him as Steve remembered the punches and kicks he’d dished out on the kid—and he was really only that, a kid.
That soft sound of his name coaxed Tony’s eyes back to Steve’s, his eyes wide and imploring. He wisely ignored the way his chest constricted at the emotion he saw in those eyes. The emotion that had been there long before, had been strong and alluring, often making Tony contemplate if he could get away with kissing Steve right in the middle of a debriefing.
Both of their gazes dropped down again, and Tony felt Ian’s surprisingly strong grip around his finger tighten even more. For a moment, Tony thought he was smiling at him, but then again, it was probably just gas.
Next to Steve, Clint’s eyes widened, and Steve could hear the sound of something hitting the floor hard.
know that. None of us wants to live in the past. Tony least of all. And no one is expecting you to take her place, you just have to be yourself. Don’t you see how much you helped him already? I haven’t seen him smile in months, and with you… He
They arrived in Lagos just as Rumlow had entered the IFID building in the city center. Whether Wanda and Pietro had gotten kidnapped or traveled with him out of their free will was still unclear, but the players were few—and Tony knew how Wanda operated. And while he hadn’t been here the first time around, he’d read the reports numerous times and it should be a piece of cake to take Rumlow out before he activated that bomb.
They walked down the embankment, after wrapping the fruits in one of the blankets they’d salvaged from the tower. Once there, Tony tested the water tentatively with his hand. “It’s goddamn cold,” he complained.
“You don’t have to do that,” Bucky said, shaking his head. A part of him had been sure that Tony wouldn’t go through with repairing the arm, not after everything. That he’d throw the remains of it in the trash and never look at it again. But deep inside he’d known that the guy wouldn’t be able to help himself, in the end.
Slowly, he shuffled over to the bathroom. “I’ll be down in five, you can wait if you want. Or join me in the shower—just saying.” He cast Steve a wide grin before he walked into the room and took a quick shower. Steve didn’t join him, but Tony could hear him lingering. And it took everything in him not to let himself get lost in the hot water and the steam wafting around his head.
Tony sighed, his head dropping. “Send them down to the workshop. The door’s open,” he said, then typed in the code that made the glass front open up.
“This is nice,” Steve said softly, almost so low Tony couldn’t hear. He was probably afraid to say it. Braver this time, he added, “Talking with you. Like this.”
Steve brushed hair back from Tony’s face, letting his fingers trail over his scalp until his hand rested against his shoulder. His thumb traced a line up and down his neck.
“Down!” Natasha yelled, already moving to get Sam out of his seat. Tony quickly obliged, sinking down in the footwell-area with his knees pulled to his chest. They made it to the floor, Steve raising his shield above their heads, just in time before the upper half of the car was all but ripped away. An awful grinding sound of metal against metal filled the air, deafeningly loud. The car shuddered, slowed, but it didn’t stop, and it sounded like the grille was getting torn in two.
“They reinstated James’ suspension. He’s back under the radar,” Natasha told Steve as she sat down next to him. She passed him her phone. FRIDAY had gathered all intel and yeah, there was Bucky’s file, and he was once more benched, with a new entry of him participating in a potential ‘breach of the peace’ delict in South Korea.
“You need to be back in DC in three hours, Tony,” Maria said, as Tony made his way to the living room. “They want a statement from you. Personally. We can’t hold them off any longer. If it weren’t for Coulson they’d already be at the tower. I called someone to help you. Please don’t be late.” The line went dead.
sorry for everyone’s loss. If it had been in his power, he would have saved every single life that day, and he knew his team—and Tony especially—felt the same. What had happened in Sokovia had been disastrous, and it still was on everyone’s mind, every single day. But as with everything in life, some things simply were out of their control, and Steve had learned to live with that, and face the consequences.
He immediately reached for the plate. “You misunderstand,” he said. “I meant ‘No ice cream?’ in a good way… because I never touch the stuff.”
“Wouldn’t that be something,” Mister Stark went on, looking at the sky. “A place just for us. A place where only our world exists and nothing else. Now that’s something I would love to see.”
, Tony hadn’t even heard him approach. Maybe he was a little tipsy, after all. “You can’t keep telling me that nothing’s wrong, that you just had the hots for art guy and now are over it, and expect me to believe it.”
“I’m here,” Steve said, as he sat down next to Tony. He leaned forward, yelling at whoever the driver was to move,
“To be honest, I didn’t really think you’d turn up here right away,” Tony said, tone friendly. He motioned for the two of them to step inside. “I only just started working on it a few hours ago and I… don’t have much to show yet. Basically, I only have rough schematics and those aren’t all that impressive.”
TS 2:28 P.M.>I know, I know. You’re busy. I’m busy. The world is a shitty place. We’ll make it happen
“I figure trying to play nice with Obi will forever be off the table if he catches me sucking you off in here,” he explained, snorting when Steve’s eyes went a little wide—as if it hadn’t been perfectly clear where they’d been heading.
He was leaning against the rock, and only now, when Tony let his head fall back in his neck, a soft moan hitting the air, Steve saw his hand move back and forth under the water.
The words echoed back and forth in Tony’s mind, and it took him an embarrassing amount of concentration to work through whatever Wilson was implying with that. And when he did, was was well and truly stunned.
“He wanted to die so many times, because he knew something you didn’t: When you gotta go, you gotta go, Rogers…”
play football, so there would’ve been plenty opportunities. And really, if he’d be attracted to Tony, he would’ve noticed by now, right? They’d always been close, they’d hugged, and laughed, and even slept on the same sofa and these things, but that had all been platonic,
When the steps quieted down, Tony released a low breath. “The last time I saw the guy, he threatened to take me down with a taser. Not looking forward to what he’ll have to say if he finds out I’m sullying his childhood hero’s virtue.”
Something stilled inside Steve, and he knew what it was, it just took him a moment to find the right words.
They were all seated on the many sofas, or in Wanda’s case, on one of the huge seating cushions on the floor. She sat right next to Vision’s legs, not touching him at all, but close nonetheless, and suddenly Tony wondered how much he had missed in the last months.
Tony stared over his shoulder, annoyed for a moment that he couldn’t even get a minute of quiet. Then, however, he spotted Vision’s red form and realized he hadn’t seen him in days.
That was true. Tony had often damned the circumstances, had often thought that if Zemo hadn’t interfered, played his little game with them, that they would have managed to find a compromise. But as was so often the case, the world hadn’t been quite as generous.
Inside the church, there was an unexpectedly large gathering from the former SHIELD representatives. Several world ambassadors had come as well, to show their honor to a woman that Steve knew they had respected, but he hadn’t expected such a large turnout.
He glanced over his shoulder, casting Tony a small smile and letting him pull Steve back against his sturdy chest.
The part of Steve determined to keep his heart out of this pseudo-reality had apparently quit on him, and everything became painstakingly real. The feel of his erection pushing into Tony’s mouth, the hot whimpers tearing off his own lips, and the humiliating way his body responded.
Steve reached for one of the hidden letters, turning it around and looking at the inscription. That definitely wasn’t Tony’s handwriting. It almost looked angry, cold and—
Steve paused and smiled at him, like he was sharing a private joke. Then he leaned down and pressed an innocent kiss against Tony’s lips. “Yeah, well, I love being ‘so terribly married’ to you.”
Steve smothered a grin. “Don’t care,” came the answering murmur before he pulled him down for another long kiss, licking inside Tony’s mouth as if to proof his words.
And then… well. Considering had become longing really fast, and by now, he was positively aching for Tony,
Tony was silent for a long moment—pensive, then his eyes drifted back to Steve’s. “You think I’m turning you down?” He shook his head, confused. “Don’t know if you noticed, but high school’s over, Steve. This is the end of a part of our lives, and the start of another. Who would… try to start something new when it’s already the end of it?”
"That’s a… strange compliment," Steve said, grinning back at him. The huge logo on the pajamas was going a little far, he felt, but whatever. "You know, I'm not half as good as Picasso, you're doing the guy disservice."
Tony cleared his throat. It had been a very long time since he’d seen Steve fret about him like that.
The screwdriver slipped through Tony’s fingers and fell down on the workshop table, clanking loudly. He glanced over his shoulders, not even bothering to school his surprise when he saw Steve standing just a few steps behind the sliding door. He looked a bit out of place there, his arms drawn tight to his body, shoulders set in a tense line.
For a few seconds, all he could hear was the sound of his own ragged breathing. He looked up slowly, wincing when he saw Tony walking towards him with heavy eyes. Steve considered hiding his hand from him, but he knew it was useless. Tony was too clever not to notice and keeping it behind his back or tucked into his jacket would just be an insult to them both.
“What if he’s not himself?” Sam asked. He followed Steve down the streets, however, not even waiting for an explanation.
Within the blink of an eye, they were in Tony’s bedroom and Steve was being pressed into a very soft, silken bed sheet.
“Also, Steve’s probably never been to a ball, have you?” Happy asked him, raising a brow. “If it’s your first ball, we have to do it right.”
was his. Completely. Unconditionally. And even though he’d yet to say the words, Steve knew that Tony loved him, too. Enough to die for him, apparently. Enough to sacrifice himself for Steve without asking for anything back at all. Oh yes, Steve understood now. He had worked through the shock and disbelief and horror, and seen who Tony truly was, and come out the other side with an understanding of what it was to love and to love truly.
It was… nice. Nicer than Steve should probably think it was. Tony stopped struggling much sooner than he'd expected, settled down against him and, as far as he could tell, was happily dozing off.
Oh God, Tony was so… Infuriating. Oblivious and annoying and sweet and just... Steve leaned down to press his forehead to Tony's shoulder. This thing between them, if it developed into what Steve wanted it to be, was going to be hard to maintain, but the challenge didn't worry him. It was the evasive nature of Tony's words that he realized might drive him crazy for real.
Steve watched Tony out of the corner of his eye, worried at how quiet and subdued he suddenly was, wishing so badly to know what was going on in his head.
Tony would’ve loved to snap at him, tell him that he wasn’t exactly coming up with any helpful ideas himself. But the grown-up part of his brain knew that yelling at Barnes should be the last thing on his priority list.
Steve guessed. They had that look on their faces, a hint of pity and disbelief with lots of curiosity, which could only mean that they were here to console him.
The Hulk looked far more enraged, and far more violent than Tony had ever seen him before. If the others would only have half the mind to pay attention to him, they’d know that Bruce was faking it. The fact that he was able to control the Hulk like this was making Tony insanely proud, but he guessed that didn’t quite matter right now.
“He looks weird,” Bucky said ruefully, as he looked up at the red form. “Like a giant plastic doll.”
“’s Steve?” he asked with a noticeable slur, slowly realizing that he’d just woken up from an almost-fatal stabbing wound and his husband wasn’t there to pity him like he fucking well should.
“No,” Tony said quietly. “It was… complicated.” He shook his head. “Nothing about you and me is ever simple.”
“Will you put me in bed?” he asked, struggling to focus on Steve’s face as he waved a finger at him. “Gotta undress me first, y’know?”
He let go of Steve’s hands then, leaving it to him to pull the thing off, while Tony made quick work of his pants. It was easy enough to drag it down his hips, but the legs were tight as hell and Tony snorted when he had to hop up and down a little not to lose balance. “Yeah this is undignified,” he said, and leaned against Steve so he could drag his left foot free.
Groaning, Steve spit the remaining toothpaste into the sink. How a single, random dream could throw him off like that was beyond him. There were other things to worry about. He needed to stop thinking about Tony, it hadn’t been real, and tomorrow was another test show, so he should be concentrating on that.
“Well, according to my files, JARVIS decided to put faith into Steve because he had analyzed his affection for you as unconditional. He never had an ulterior motive. And remembering each of your interactions… I’m inclined to agree with him.”
Steve’s smile grew. “Thank you for tonight. I know you didn’t really care that much about the ceremony.”
I don’t want this to ruin your big moment. I want you to be happy when the eclipse starts, and if that means I have to bite the bullet, I will do it.”
Tony hummed. “It is,” he agreed, then swallowed, defeat leaking back into his eyes. “Too late, I guess.”
Apparently, Tony could still form coherent sentences, raspy as they may have been, and Steve figured this just wouldn’t do. He hummed a response to show he'd heard, then pulled out half way.
Steve didn’t want to know what he looked like when he walked towards his team’s quarters two days later. He stopped for a moment, tilting his head back as he enjoyed the icy winds. His eyes were raw, and fatigue claimed every muscle in his body. He was jittery from the horrible coffee he’d forced himself to drink over and over again and so exhausted from avoiding sleep he feared he might collapse.
Tony smiled slightly, as he glanced at him. “You’re aware my dad handles these things, right? So he just—”
ran the company, sweetheart, and that’s why it was a very good idea to hand it over to me. By the way, I’ve got good news: The agency we talked about agreed to take your case if you still want them after your appointment tomorrow. They decided, with my help I might add, that you’re worth the wait and irregularities. And they agreed to discuss a few options with you, before you reach a decision.”
that got him. It struck him as a bit of ironic though he would never laugh at Tony. But Tony, sitting in his lap, his body warm and pliant, asking him politely if he could bring him off?
For long moments, he panted in recovery, trying to somehow get his bearings before he looked up again. What a picture they must make, both still dressed with their pants barely shoved down over their asses. The thought made him laugh, and when he leaned back a little, he glanced down at Steve with mirth.
Fighting Stane truly had taken a number on his wings, Tony mused. The second Stane and his goons had opened fire on the two of them, Tony’s instincts had kicked in. He had shielded Steve with his wings, the bullets ripping a lot of his feathers to shreds, and yet, not a single projectile had made it through. Steve, while unconscious for the better part of the ambush, had not been hurt.
—, with no way of getting him back. Not even Strange, with all his magical power, had given them the slightest hope to undo what had happened.
Bucky glanced at him through the glass, casting him a crooked smile. “That this ‘someone’ would be a Stark, though…”
But now, being confronted with the chaos, the ruins of this city, Tony wondered if they were really doing the right thing. Did they help? Or were they the ones to bring all those horror to the people in the first place?
There was a grand piano at the corner of the room, and something drew Tony in. With a low breath, he put Ian down on the large rug next to the piano, watched him rolling back and forth on his tummy for a moment, before he heaved himself into a sitting position.
“And he’d lose,” Steve said as his eyes travelled back to Bucky’s sleeping form. His voice was hard.
Steve grinned, and when he glanced back at Tony, he was almost certain for a second that there were tears in his eyes.
“Papa missed you so much, baby,” Steve murmured, his hand cradling Ian’s head as he swayed him around.
,” the man in front of Steve spat, confirming his suspicion that said man beneath that mask was indeed Rumlow. There was a white skull sluggishly painted on the black kevlar, and the eyes behind were full of wrath. “There you are, you son of a bitch. I’ve been waiting for this!”
“The thing about Mrs. Stark was that… she was very venturous,” Jarvis told Fury with his usual calming voice. “She wanted to conquer the world, even all the aspects that others deemed unconquerable. She took great risks, often placed herself in harm’s way without so much as a blink of the eye. I think she was convinced that she was invincible.”
Steve looked down at his hands and nodded. Then he stood up, putting the griddle off the fire. “Think this is ready to eat.”
He looked over his shoulder to the nightstand, and got up on his feet when he saw the same tumbler with the same amount of liquid in it. There was visible relief on his face. When he turned around, Steve briefly spotted a few bad cuts and scrapes on Tony’s knuckles.
Tony Stark truly thought of him. And all in all, the last time they’d seen each other, they’d barely shared a few civil words.
“You know what this means, right?” Tony asked, waggling his brows before he pecked Steve’s mouth. “We don’t need to be quiet anymore, no more shower quickies unless we want to… We can have naked-breakfasts, and pool sex, and…” He leaned in, nibbling at Steve’s earlobe, while he slowly began to rub himself against his crotch. “
Tony leaned back in his chair, letting all of this sink in. He glanced up at Steve, waving his hand to encompass all the
Steve hardened. He had to. He caught the shield in midair, throwing it into Ultron’s side and pushing him off the truck’s roof. He rushed at Ultron, pushing him down on the asphalt, allowing the momentum to carry him right on top of him. He grunted silently with the impact, but held his shield down on Ultron’s throat, even though the robot was pressing up against it with all he had.
The stupid flirting and teasing might’ve turned into an even stupider crush. And the fact that Steve hadn’t shown up in the lab ever since didn’t exactly help ease Tony’s mind.
When he finally decided that there was no use in playing Hide and Seek, he touched down on the ground, and wasn’t too surprised to find himself face to face with Ultron’s newly puffed-up bodybuilder-form. The deep-core driller breaking through the stone floor in the middle of the cathedral, however, was a whole other game.
It might be new memories, but it didn’t change who he was at the core. And the fact that they’d remained as important to each other as in their former life had him burning with hope.
Maria reminded Tony softly. Something in her tone seemed off, Steve thought, like she was trying a little too hard to sound joyful.
A few minutes later, they all had filed into Sam’s kitchen and slumped down around the dining table. They sat in companionable silence for a few seconds before acknowledgement that discussing what had happened was inevitable.
Tony moved before it was too late. Leaning past Steve to grab his other hand, snatching the wedding ring away from him. Steve tried to get it back; but Tony held it out of reach.
“Yes, because of you,” Barnes said. “He was afraid of you pushing him away. Which is your right to do. But because he’s scared, he keeps being really grumpy about it. And I think he’s lost all hope at some point. And without hope...”
Steve bit his tongue at that comment. He wasn't sure Tony'd be happy knowing Bucky'd read his letter, but now it was out there and he had to brace for whatever reaction that would cause.
Steve released a long, trembling sigh against his throat, his hips finally moving in time with Tony’s. He made no effort to claim control again, and the notion had Tony smile.
And now, here he was. There were moans tearing through Tony’s lips and it did things to Steve’s mind, knowing that
Okay, a deep breath. Steve was as straight as they come, and he was from the 20s, and was likely freaking out right now and Tony really needed to do this the grown-up way.
There was a pause. Then, Stark heaved a long sigh. “No. It isn’t. Sorry. I didn’t mean to… Sorry. I’m just sick of all this.”
Steve shook his head. “Already called him. I’m right where I want to be.” He did kiss him then, tender and tentative.
When Tony closed his eyes to get his bearings, he momentarily recalled the look in Steve’s eyes when he’d raised his shield and smashed it down on Tony’s arc reactor. That look had haunted him all through the nights to follow. He had wracked his brain if Steve might have, for just a second, thought of ramming it into Tony’s throat rather than the suit and came up empty. Possibly. Maybe.
She laughed without humor. “Not like mine, Steve. I don’t even remember what I thought I’d achieve. What we had…
Tony didn’t even blink as he looked up at Steve. For everything, he had not expected something so abrupt.
. Go kick some HYDRA ass.” With that, he leaned back and, on a second thought, grabbed for one of the black markers on the desk. He opened the cap with his teeth, then crossed the ‘EXO-7’ on Sam’s right wing, writing an EXO-8 next to it. “Next generation model,” he explained, clicking the pen shut.
Without a beat, Natasha fisted the hem of her shirt and pulled it off her shoulders. He pulled the pants off her, letting them fall to the floor. Once his hand gripped the base of his cock he said, “The bra, too,” and started stroking. With calm fingers, she unhooked her bra and tossed it across the room. Her eyes were fixed on his hand as it moved up and down his shaft.
But now… he had Steve, Tony thought with something very close to wonder. He’d have him at his side, every morning. And if Steve let him, he’d wake up to that smile for as long as he could.
at me.” A small smile appeared on his lips at the memory. “After that, I couldn’t get you out of my head. You were all I thought about in the days to follow. And when I got to know you…
His throat worked as he touched his lips to Tony’s. It was… it was sweet, scarily, thrillingly sweet. They were leaning over the table a bit awkwardly, their lips touching, and he felt Tony’s breath on his skin, a finger brushing along his chin. When he felt the tip of a tongue, he opened his mouth without a thought, and was rewarded when Tony made a painful, inarticulate sound in the back of his throat. It seemed to be the thing finally bringing Steve out of his daze, and his hands were cupping Tony’s face and he was kissing him deeply, lips clinging to Tony’s, unable to draw away.
Steve said, his voice as shrill as it could get. “Everything you said, everything that happened, all of it… it’s all—”
For a moment, Tony considered lying, telling everyone that they hadn’t even started planning yet. “We’re planning
“They wiped his memory numerous times and rigged his brain with implants,” Bruce explained slowly, glancing up at Steve. “It’s all we know for now. We’ve been working to get him into a condition that’d make it safe to shut off the implants. I expect that we’ll have his brain sorted out soon, but we can’t say how he’ll react to his new memories. It’s—”
Tony was very close to calling Veronica and let her handle him the rest of the day as well, but that would have meant conceding defeat, and that was simply unacceptable. What kind of father would he make when he couldn’t even get his own son to settle down?
He tipped the bottle, filling both his and Rhodey’s glasses. Around them, the party was still going strong, even though it was… how late was it exactly? He had a feeling they’d been in that damn fraternity house all night, and the sun would probably rise soon.
“Didn’t mean to interrupt you,” Steve eventually said as he met Tony’s gaze. He could almost see the clockwork of Steve’s mind, turning, twisting. The mask was still on his face, but his facial expressions were the same. “That… it was beautiful.”
“Right,” Steve agreed, obviously a bit dazed with it all. Instead of letting go, though, he drew Tony in again, pulling him tight against his chest before hauling him up with an arm under his ass.
“Yeah, we compromised. Sometimes in ways that made us not sleep so well. But we did it so that people could be free.” A sigh rolled off his shoulders; he knew he was surprising Fury with the finality of his opposition, though he couldn’t fully understand why. From the beginning, Fury had been tuned into his opinion on these kind of matters. Even before Loki, they’d had these sort of disputes, and Steve had never budged on his beliefs.
Wearing that same smirk that had once, long ago, made Steve’s fingers itch to smack it off his face, Tony nodded. “Got it.”
Vaguely, Tony waved in the direction of his large couch in the middle of the room. “Have a seat? Can I… I don’t know, you want something to drink? I have… energy drinks, mostly. DUM-E’s smoothies are wicked, so I wouldn’t recommend that unless you’re up for a treat and… there might be a granola bar somewhere if you’re hungry.”
Steve was about to say something when Bucky continued talking. "You… got a bathroom somewhere around here?" he asked, tone brisk and just a little too tight.
Tony thought, then he stomped all those feelings down. It wasn’t the time. Soon, if he could man up about it—but not today. “Sure. Thanks.”
“‘Back to the Future’,” Tony announced as he flopped down on the couch next to Steve. The others were nodding, so Tony’s eyes turned oily-black, and in the next moment, the movie’s intro started playing. “Obvious choice, now that we’ve got two of you here.”
"It's not my flat in D.C., and it's nothing like that crazy headquarters you've got going for us in New York, but it's alright." He might've let some accent slip, and it might've been intentional, but he couldn't help himself, really, when he saw a glint of understanding light Tony's face.
He didn’t sound exactly despaired, Tony thought, but the meaning behind Strange’s words was still painfully clear: They’d lost this battle. They hadn’t stopped Thanos in time.
about everything he did. He’d spent hours upon hours with helping Steve with his physics test, even though he must’ve been bored to tears by the subject, and they’d been talking, always talking, and somewhere along the way, Tony had easily become one of the most important persons in Steve’s life.
Steve blinked. It occurred to him that this was the first time Tony wasn’t wearing one of his suits. Instead, he wore sweatpants with lots of holes and oil stains and a black tank top. His hair wasn’t perfectly groomed as usual, either, but actually looked a lot like Tony had been sleeping on it for once.
Tony shrugged a little stiffly. He pulled the glasses from his nose and put them on the table next to him. “Wasn’t meant to be. I kept… I kept struggling with the way things were left between us, but today I think they knew how I felt anyway. Mom did. And dad, I mean… Howard was an ass and we didn’t get along too well, but… he was my father and I was his son, so I’d like to think he knows I loved him anyways.”
They walked towards the bar, saying a few hellos here and there, and Tony spotted Thaddeus Ross and a few senators at a high table, whispering to each other as they passed them.
In contrast to Natasha’s serenity, Bucky suddenly looked like a deer caught in headlights. He was still a little pale, a little too thin, his longer hair pulled back in a messy ponytail. “Nat said you were away on a mission,” he said awkwardly, looking back and forth between them, while not-quite meeting Steve’s eyes.
“Great,” Steve replied on a huff. “Thanks.” With that, he lifted Tony off his lap just enough to torture them both before pulling him up and down again with fast and sharp movements.
“Need to keep myself occupied. I’m easily bored.” Tony smiled as he let his knife move across a larger piece of wood in his lap.
“Surprise?” Tony offered, sitting up with a little wince. “Pepper cancelled all my meetings and gave me a day off so… Where have you been?”
Steve stared down at the white haired boy, and he was really only that: a boy. He’d seen him on some screenshots at home, but looking down on him now, he seemed so much younger. He was lying on the floor and looking so stricken as if no one had ever actually caught him before. Which might just be the case. Grabbing the shield, Steve brought it down on his head again, sending him to the floor for good.
He was in big trouble now. Assaulting a man as powerful as Obadiah Stane wouldn’t go without a price. Steve wasn't fooling himself that this rash, idiotic behavior would go over smoothly. "I shouldn't have punched him," he said, glancing at Tony. "Even though he's an insufferable asshole."
Tony’s eyes searched his face. “Did you get any rest at all?” He reached up to gently stroke the arm draped around him. “I know you were tired, that’s why I wanted you to have the bed…”
Steve, however, only had eyes for the paintings. A hundred different people who shared Tony’s name. Most of them had to be dead, but Steve couldn’t help but wonder how big Tony’s family was. How many Starks would look at him in utter horror once they found out he was now part of Tony’s life?
Perhaps he had been wrong about Barnes. After all, that was becoming the motto for this week, and stranger things had happened. “You know what, Buck-o?” Tony said. “I think this is the beginning of a beautiful—”
Being friends with Steve, however, had led to Tony’s crush to develop into a full-blown-infatuation to the point of pain. Which had led to Tony messing things up so bad that he would never be able to look Steve in the eyes ever again. And every time Steve so much as glanced at Tony, he kind of expected him to break out laughing. Or insult Tony. Or sock him straight in the face.
Quickies were good and well, but after three months of living in different cities, and only a handful nights when they’d been able to actually sleep in the same bed, Steve craved the times when they had hours—days—to explore each other’s bodies as long and as thoroughly as they both wanted.
Familiar pinpricks stung his eyes at the thought. With a heavy sigh, he turned to look down at her sleeping form once more. The gentle cadence of her soft breaths reverberated through the walls with a soft air of peace he envied.
With every ounce of willpower his tired muscles could muster, Tony looked up a little, glancing at Steve. “‘m sorry,” he mumbled. He was kind of aware he might’ve dragged it out a little too long there. “I didn’ hurt you, did I?”
Steve smiled at that last admission, licking his lips appreciatively. Well, he couldn't say he didn't know the feeling, though it was a little surprising to find the eccentric, always-has-a-comeback Tony Stark was as insecure as the next guy.
Tony had definitely done a bit of reconstruction work here as well. There was a new queen-sized bed, new bedding, new tables, new chairs. There were books Steve recognized as his own lying on the couch table, socks of his lying on the floor, and a jacket that was clearly his old leatherjacket hanging next to the door.
A wave of panic crushed Steve’s system. While this was exactly what he wanted, there were certain mechanics to be adhered. Tonight was a step into unknown territory. He only ever had sex once, and that had been over far too quickly, and with little finesse. He didn’t want to ruin things with Tony with sex. His heart couldn’t survive it. “I don’t even know how this works… with guys. I—”
So Tony just hugged him to his body, holding onto him like he was his only anchor right now. And for now—for the rest of their lives—Steve was determined to be just that.
Without really knowing what he was doing, his metal hand grabbed for his human arm, digging the hard fingers into his skin until it broke and started bleeding.
“It’s not about the Accords!” Tony suddenly hissed it so fiercely Steve took a step back in surprise. “All of this, it wrecked everything! Don’t you get it? You’ll have to
“I’m… not the only Winter Soldier,” he said cautiously, as if the information had only just returned to him. “I—They’d frozen and thawed me so many times during that phase, I wasn’t sure if I just imagined all of it. I thought this part of my life was over.”
Looking at Tony, he sighed, then hummed an affirmative. Tony would never do that. As he so eloquently stated, he truly wasn't an asshole. Steve shifted, letting his legs fall over the edge of the bed and settle on the floor. He didn't want to be doing this, but he had to. Tony shouldn't even be here. "I'm sorry, Tony," he said, hearing his own voice waver a little with his resolve. "But you should probably leave."
Although he didn’t want to look right at him, he couldn’t quite keep his eyes from turning back to where Stark stood staring down at him.
Flexing his right arm, Steve raised his hand and put all of his strength into a swing with the shield. It banged loudly against the door, but the glass material didn’t splinter in the slightest.
“Yeah,” Tony confirmed, as if it was nothing, then pressed a button on the glasses. He walked into the middle of the room, and a second later, there was a… couch, and a table, and a piano. Silhouettes turned to life, a whole room appeared next, the style slightly outdated but everything seemed to be high quality and… weirdly familiar.
All the while, Tony’s hands were practically wrapped around Steve’s constantly. It felt great, to show his affections like that, but the more time passed, the more Tony had to think: Only two days, and he’ll be gone. Two days, and we’ll have to end it again.
Steve heaved a shaking breath. “I’m not having a meltdown, I just… I don’t…” Words failed him, then, and he stared ahead, not seeing much of anything. “I’m fine.”
Tony frowned, then followed his line of sight. “Oh, right. Well… off you go,” he said, racing across the sky. He shifted his hold on Steve, flying a small loop until he had Steve beneath him.
Tony smiled at the look of collected coolness on Steve’s face as he walked up to the bed and sat down on top of him. Steve was very good with keeping his emotions in check, but Tony knew he had to be at least a little nervous. And while he could understand why Steve didn’t want to let it show too much, he still preferred to be too cautious than do something Steve wouldn’t like.
Bucky nodded with a sigh. For the first time since he’d been awakened again, he felt the screaming within him calm—felt the rage roll into a gentle hum. Felt normal for a blink of his abnormal life.
Tony grinned and pecked a kiss. “True. And in that regard, how about you finally get out of tha–haat…” Tony groaned, loud and surprised, as Steve took a hold of his softened cock, pumping it once with a slow and tight stroke. “Fuck, Steve, that’s chea–hhiiiting.” Tony yelped as Steve lifted him into his arms and made them tumble on the bed together.
Steve only managed to nod with a smile that was flimsy at best. He had no idea why, but his gut clenched uncomfortably at those words—and when he looked at Tony, it felt a lot like he was missing something important. “Alright.”
what Tony did and who he did it with. It was something else that bothered him, but he simply couldn’t put his finger on it.
Steve nodded his head, still not meeting Tony's eyes. He'd been doing this all wrong from the beginning, hadn't he? "What I’m trying to say is… well… When Bucky and I first met, we thought we were invincible. We were best friends, inseparable, and stayed that way for twenty years. And when the thing… happened," which Tony probably knew about, if he'd read Steve’s file, "instead of dealing with what was happening to my best friend, I ran away. Couldn't face him.”
Now, Steve had braced himself for about everything, so he managed not to gasp in shock when Tony glanced up at him with the usual black Extremis-eyes. He did, however, flinch when he noticed the dry lines of blood all over his face, and the new tickles oozing out of the eye-corners.
Clint rose to his feet, stepping in front of Natasha and staring straight into Tony’s eyes. “Don’t you dare tell her she was only pretending. Don’t you fucking dare spit that into her face, asshole.”
“I don’t even know why I’m surprised,” Steve heard Stane snap, his voice angry. “If you’d done everything like you were supposed to, we wouldn’t be here now.”
, and I get it. Zemo’s playing us. You gotta go, and I’m gonna help you. You just have to tell me where you’re headed.”
The next day, Thor arrived in the late morning. He called for a team meeting, and Steve and Natasha, the only people currently present in the common room, had left to collect their teammates. It seemed to be an unspoken agreement that Steve would go get Tony, while she took care of the others. "JARVIS?"
Over two years in, and it still felt surreal to him. Not always, but… sometimes. Like all of this was only one of those desperate fantasies of finding a place to call home that he used to conjure up when he’d just been defrozen, and lonely. He knew that it wasn’t one, of course. Enough time had passed that he could trust this was real. Maybe it was the fact that it sometimes felt like sheer luck that he’d made it here. Every morning waking up in their shared bed, Tony’s warm body curled around his, tangled limbs and soft hair, one hand lying splayed across the expanse of Tony’s back, listening to the sound of his breathing, the steady rhythm of his heartbeat…
Tony stared down at Ant-Man. He really didn’t want to be responsible for hurting a potential future-teammate. There were certain things political disagreements couldn’t eradicate, and the connection he felt with his friends was among them.
The tension in Steve’s groin tightened without warning, as Tony turned his hands to his own trousers the next moment.
, Steve thought, smiling even as he sprinted towards the group, knocking the first right to the ground. He ducked under a punch from one soldier, but got caught from behind by another one. He teetered on the entryway edge, arms outspread. Digging in his toes, he managed to find his balance. He jumped down and sucker punched another soldier in the back, spinning him around. He caught his opponent square in the jaw, knocking him out, too.
“There will be a questioning in a few days,” Tony told him quietly. “This woman… Agent Romanoff… she called, saying whatever they found in the boat doesn’t one hundred percent add up with my testimony.”
Steve hummed, and it was admittedly a bit childish, but instead of calming him down, Tony’s words made him want to
It had been strange how a place could become home so quickly. And he hoped Bucky would someday feel the same way.
, carefree and unburdened, and he didn’t want to spoil the mood. Natasha, however, ignored him, and pushed the door open.
“He’ll manage even if he doesn’t. You and your awkward stammering got me in the sack without much of a problem, too, didn’t it.”
If Tony had said there was only one bedroom left, he would have dealt with that, but he preferred to have the benefit of some distance—at least for now.
from me?” Tony asked. He’d meant to snap at Steve—though, all things considered, his voice sounded far less vicious than it could have been.
“We both know you gave him far more liberties than was probably safe for him to have. And yet, your trust was not misguided.”
, that he was going to see the next day, and the day after that. That moment when he’d broken down laughing, leaning against DUM-E with tears in his eyes, not quite crying, but not far from it either. And then that smile… God, that smile—that tiny, fragile thing that had lightened up his face as he looked up at Steve.
Sam and Clint had taken control over the cockpit, while Bucky was sitting next to Steve, holding a compress bandage against the wound on his cheek, where Ultron had burned him.
Tony heaved a low breath. It obviously took him a long moment to let that idea sink in, but when it did, he didn’t look too troubled by it. “We could build a bigger shelter. Log cabin or something,” he offered.
Steve raised a hand to Tony’s face. “It took a really specific set of circumstances to break us apart. We’re here, now. Together. Things changed. You and me, we can make our own future.”
He knew it was sort of a dick move to ask Steve to elaborate on this in the middle of a fight, but Tony had never said he’d play fair. “Why not?” he asked quietly, his tone soft. He didn’t want to fight anymore. If Steve felt about risking Tony’s life the same way Tony did with Steve’s, they were at a clear stalemate.
Balling his hands into fists, Tony stood up. Sharp pangs seized his wings and sent echoes of hurt through his body with every intake of breath. The muscles in his back were tense with pain, frustration and fury—all of which demanded an outlet.
"See this?" Bucky pointed to his missing arm. "I'm a disabled man, Steve. I need escort." And there was no venom in his voice, nor his expression. If anything, the tilt of his head and quirk of lips read more like amusement. "This is non-negotiable so get your ass off that couch. Thirty minutes. Go."
“I know,” he said finally. “Sometimes he visits me in the shop and I push some granola bars in his direction. He always gets distracted and forgets to eat it.”
The world, however, refused to sleep today. The void eating away at his insides showed no mercy and no matter how much effort he put into dulling it all—he couldn’t.
“Tit for tat, Cap,” Tony prompted, hooking both arms behind his head and stretching above the bedsheet.
to sound open about it, not dismiss the idea as soon as it came up, but Tony wouldn’t do anything if Steve wasn’t one-hundred percent on board with it.
“I’m not JARVIS,” Vision said, all of a sudden. And although the words themselves were laced with meaning, his voice stayed neutral to the point of pain.
Steve heaved a low breath. “He was brainwashed and cannot be held accountable. The jury confirmed that months ago.”
He still had a hard time grasping how any of this was possible. Why they’d been given that chance to meet again, all those thousands years later. It had to be a coincidence, right? The fact that they were here now, with Steve being frozen for over seventy years, it was insane.
“You’re very welcome,” Tony’d said when Steve had thanked him, pressing a kiss against his temple. One of his hands had brushed over the soft fabric covering Steve’s back. “You’ve changed,” he’d commented.
“Take it off,” Tony said, and the words were out of his mouth before he could really think them through. When his brain caught up, his eyes flickered to the ceiling where the cameras were directed at them.
Rhodey had come over after what had happened, and Natasha had been by his side ever since it all started. The only one who hadn’t stepped into the headquarter was Bruce, and Tony respected that. If it were him, he wouldn’t have faced Ross again, either.
“Just leave me the hell alone!” Tony yelled back. “I don’t need your pity and I don’t need your fake smiles, okay? So just stop this… weird game of chicken or whatever it is you’re doing because it’s messing with my head!”
When Tony finally did hit the ocean’s surface, it was with less of an impact than he’d been expecting, although it was still enough to knock the wind out of him. He hit feet first, going deep very fast. Water rushed all around him, and he rolled, hitting his head within the suit and scraping both of his hands. When he stopped, Tony floated in the ocean for a moment, blood trickling down his face. He looked up—and didn’t see any sign of the water surface, but instead a silhouette coming closer. On the next beat, there were arms wrapping around him, pulling him flush against a sturdy chest, and then he was going upwards.
“We worked on getting JARVIS back online,” Tony explained beneath the towel. “I needed Extremis for that. It came back online just after we left the farm, and… Ultron’s all over the network. So when I noticed him fighting you, I tried to attack him, or distract him, at the very least, and it worked. Kicked his ass nine ways from Sunday. Did you notice?”
Turning around to see who it was, Tony felt his body freeze. It was a bit like an out-of-body experience. All of the others seemed to look up from their seats in exactly the same moment, as if sensing that something wasn’t quite right about the new incomer. For Tony, it took only about two seconds of looking at the battered Iron Legion suit to know that something was horribly…
“I know he was the one who introduced Indries to you,” Steve amended, “but that doesn’t mean he always has your best interest at heart!”
Ian rubbed his nose along Tony’s chest, his chubby hands pulling his shirt in so he could drool down on it.
“That doesn’t matter,” Steve said shortly. “I need to get him out of there, and if it takes months—or years—for him to come back to himself, then so be it. I would never just abandon him because it’s difficult.”
The cheers that erupted from the balconies were almost as loud as the fireworks that crackled, surely calling everyone’s attention. Tony used that moment to lean up and kiss Steve square on the mouth. “Guess you’re lucky I’m putting up with you.”
mistake,” he said without so much as a hello. “Stark is a complete maniac. He’s reckless and he’s still mourning his wife. Didn’t you listen to me at all?”
Steve’s breath hitched but he did as he was told. Slowly but steadily, he slid into Tony, parting his body with his own.
“I didn’t ask for this, either!” Steve stood up once more and turned away, shaking hard. He really wished he could just walk through that door and be done with it. “Don’t pretend it’s been just hard on you, Tony. I would’ve sacrificed
Tony inclined his head but didn’t say anything. Next to him, Pepper and Rhodey sat up a little straighter and even Jarvis, who’d been summoned to the hearing as well, tried to look as calm and serious as was possible, though Steve still noticed his legs were jittering below the table.
Steve had things to say to that, but decided to refrain. Perhaps Stane was more perceptive when he cared to be. That wouldn't be surprising. "Thank you, Ms. Potts."
…” he said, and yup, he was almost yelling at Barnes now, however the fuck that had happened. “Steve was willing to
Sorry for the wait, guys! I hope I'll be able to post the next chaps a bit quicker! A special thank you to
Tony recognized the instant Steve became aware of him. The instant he remembered everything that had happened. And, while Tony was prepared for almost every reaction—disappointment, hurt, despise—Steve’s eyes only found Tony's with sleepy relief, and banished all of his worries at once.
Tony hadn’t realized that, everything was a little dizzying, a ringing underlying all of the other sounds. “Am I?” he asked.
Ignoring Wanda and Pietro, Steve ran towards the next room. After heaving a loud and much-put-upon sigh, Tony followed him.
The cell phone Steve had left on the backseat of his car rung and he almost didn’t bother to get it—he was too busy freaking out again.
“I’ll try to be as monstrous as I can,” Bruce supplied with a smile. “Make for a good distraction. Then you can tell them.”
The day of the interrogation, Steve found Tony sitting in the workshop. He was already wearing one of his best suits, looking very well put-together for an occasion that might as well bury their last hope of making it out of this mess unharmed.
“You’re doing so good,” Tony praised softly, because he never could keep quiet in situations like this. Some people had been embarrassed by his onslaught of commentaries, but Steve didn’t seem to mind. Steve only trembled, and Tony trembled with him. His thrusting fingers ventured just a bit further with every plunge, scissoring and stretching, moving deeper and occasionally brushing against Steve’s prostate. And every time he did, Steve would flush brilliantly, a moan escaping his lips as he thrust his hips down to keep Tony's fingers where they were just a little bit longer.
“We were ready to kill each other.” Tony wound his left arm around Steve’s shoulders, his other hand busying itself with his shirt, pulling it up.
“Tony?” Pepper prompted, her voice gentle. “If you have any objections, or just need more time to see how you guys want to do this, you can tell me, you know?”
Tony probably wouldn’t call them friends, but he sort of liked Steve, and maybe Steve sort of liked him too. Still. This was taking it a step too far.
“My apologies,” the man replied, his cold eyes never wavering from his employer. “I thought it best that everyone become acquainted with Mister Rogers. Since it seems he’ll be staying for a while.”
There was a heavy pause. Tony sighed as he looked up again. “I admit, I might’ve taken a step too far there, but… I can’t let them destroy everything we worked for all these years.”
“I swear to God, if I get one more mosquito bite before this trip is through, I’m going to turn them all into mush.” Bucky expelled a deep, tremulous sigh as he flopped down onto one of the folding chairs in front of the RV. He had two already opened beers in his hand and offered one to Steve.
“I don’t care, you know,” Steve said after a long pause. His voice was very calm, and he wasn’t looking at Tony, just stared up straight into the starry sky. “Who you like.”
Falling for Steve had changed everything. Things he wanted changed. Things he feared changing. The ground beneath his feet was still there, but everything else seemed to be afloat. And sure, they could go on like this, meet occasionally, and maybe they’d even manage to develop this into something more serious, but Tony knew it wouldn’t be the same. It wouldn’t be what he wanted, not when their worlds were so far apart.
“You and Steve,” Natasha said with empathy, “you’re always taking the brunt force, it’s just who you are, so the least James and I can do is stay by your side, keep you sane without the other until you can be together again.”
Tony heard someone calling and squared his shoulders as he walked towards the elevators. He spotted the two of them standing in the foyer, looking a bit lost before they noticed him approaching.
Oh. Right. Tony was definitely out of the woods now. Steve grit his teeth a little and pulled back, getting to his feet in the process. "
“And you like it?” he asked, glancing back at her. Together, they stepped into the elevator and Pepper pressed the button that’d bring them to Tony’s new workshop.
And when his thumb began caressing the head of Tony’s cock with tantalizingly gentle strokes, Tony’s body quivered and his eyes were blazing with need. It was wonderful.
Steve stirred soon after. He rubbed his eyes, a sleepy and confused look crossing his face when he caught Tony watching him. “Good morning.”
“No,” he stammered with a voice that wasn’t remotely his own and lashed out again. “No, no, no, no, no…”
Tony’s head tilted as he regarded him. “And now you’re nervous what I will think of you when you come back?”
rules could be outright ignored—social cues, things that didn't really matter, obstacles in the way to happiness.
Tony was about to explain why he’d put up a picture of Barnes and his arm—purely scientific reasons—when Obi ended his call. His face broke into a bright smile when his gaze fell on him, only flickering to Steve for a second.
Tony’s cheeks reddened as he turned around, as if he couldn’t stand Steve’s stare one second longer. “Funny.”
Tony walked a few steps, and leaned against the wall, his eyes flickering to the window, before he looked back at Steve. His eyes raked over his body again, and those were
Closing his eyes again, he nudged his nose against Steve’s chest, shuffling even closer to him. He was determined to just doze off again, and sleep the day away, when his stomach started growling. Loudly.
Tony pointed a finger at Fury, shoving it right into the middle of his tie. “Would you prefer people lose faith in superheroes all together? You were the one who said we were needed. We have to win back people’s respect.”
Barnes had gone completely still next to him, and Tony furrowed his brows when he didn’t show any reactions even after a few seconds had passed.
“I’m gonna get started on Loki’s scepter, tonight I’ll grab a few Zz’s and be better in no time,” Tony said, rising on his toes so he could press a soft yet firm kiss on Steve’s mouth. Steve in turn pulled Tony tight into his embrace. There really was no way he could deny Tony anything when he looked at him like that. Almost two years into their marriage and he still got weak in the knees whenever Tony’s focus zeroed in on him.
Bucky fell silent, then he seemed to remember something. Glancing up at Steve, he breathed a long breath. “I fought you.”
Jarvis nodded and smiled. “If you ever need anything, feel free to come to me any time. We are all glad to see Master Anthony smile again.”
“Sorry, just... give me a minute,” he said, shoving a hand beneath the covers and putting some pressure on his dick. He really was hard as nails by now, and it was the idea of Steve in all his Captain glory that drove him insane, sure, but it was also just lying here next to Steve, with him sort of dangling in front of Tony’s face like some enticing carrot that he couldn’t reach.
There was an uncomfortable pause. Tony’s body went completely rigid, and he avoided Steve’s gaze. “Sorry, I… I really need to stop saying these things.”
The idea for the painting had come to Steve out of nowhere five weeks ago. One second it hadn’t been there and the next it just was. Dazed by the sudden inspiration, he’d wandered New York for hours until he found an art supply store, where he spent a worrisome amount of money on the right brushes and paints.
“For a few hours,” Vision replied, since he suspected it was the answer Steve was hoping for. Something to confirm he was much alike a human being, though in truth he had only lay down motionless. This world was
There was a ‘Big Green’ Hulk-diaper bag hanging over the handle—a gift from Clint—, stuffed with all the paraphernalia necessary for a day out with a two-weeks old baby. Diapers, wipes and various glasses of baby food that FRIDAY had deemed acceptable were laid safely away, along with a few blankies and stuffed toys.
“Yes,” Tony whispered and kissed him fully then, even using his tongue. His hands pulled at Steve’s shirt, dragging it up and over his head. They had to break apart briefly, and it was part embarrassment and part need that had Steve press himself immediately against him once he was bare.
“Looking at me like I’m gonna keel over any minute. I know I look like a Japanese horror flick monster but this is a good thing. Means I got the upper hand today. And Ultron knows so, too.”
…he’d been an idiot for far too long. He finally needed to take that step, laying himself open and daring to face the consequences, because what Tony had said in 2022 was true.
“No,” Steve admitted softly, though in the back of his mind, he was sure that he was falling short in comparison to Tony’s past lovers. For some reason, he imagined that Indries was a wonderful partner in bed that never left her husband unsatisfied.
Because no matter how much Steve wished they could just skip ahead and be the Steve and Tony from 2022—they weren’t. Here, in 2018, they were still a little broken, still far apart from each other.
, always on the edge of his mind, dark and cold and frightening. Tony couldn’t track him, though, as if he was simply lurking around, far out of Tony’s reach.
“Should I—should I pull out?” Steve asked. Tony felt really tight around, and he had no idea if this hurt or not.
Tony laughed, and his smile only turned soft when Steve stepped up to him. “I would marry you again in a heartbeat.”
“Hammer is lonely.” Tony offered Steve a small, almost apologetic smile. “And I’m very jealous that he found you. That he can have you around each day, for as long as he wants.” He paused for a moment, cocking his head at Steve. “I can only stand the jealousy for so long. So I offer you a choice.”
A sigh of contentment escaped Tony’s lips, and Steve pulled back like he’d been burned. As though reacting to his presence entirely, Tony shifted on the blanket, crooned almost kittenishly at the warmth, and murmured, “‘s early?”
And just like that, the fog in Steve’s mind lifted. Every look they’d shared, every friendly touch, every time they’d breathed the same air was on replay. Their friendship—it had always been intense. They’d never been able to just fall into it, instead they’d always kept each other on their toes, never sure where they stood exactly. Never sure what it was that they wanted from the other.
Very quickly, he was immersed in the work, his mind blissfully blank. It was barely eight in the morning, and though he’d built half of the suit’s matrix, Tony was still restless. He needed to
"Painkillers first," he said, holding out his hand without even looking at her. She opened her little purse and produced a pill, which she then set on his palm. He swallowed it dry, making Steve wince. "Now." He leveled a look at Steve through one visible eye, since he had the other covered with his hand. "Call Mr. Hogan here, and then call my lawyers. Mr. Stark is being exploited, and we can't have that, now, can we?"
Steve’s jaw twitched again and Tony could see the irritation in his eyes.. “You should’ve told me. I’m the team-leader.”
“Team’s orders,” Natasha countered and there were fingers softly trailing over his forehead. “You’re gonna be alright, but you’re not allowed to move yet. Extremis kicked in some time after you passed out, but the rupture might take another day or two to heal properly.”
He held Tony motionless for a minute as his tongue delicately explored his mouth. Clashing against him, fighting him for dominance. And God, Tony gave as good as he got. That and then some. Over and over again. And it drove him absolutely mad with lust.
“What,” Tony blurted, utterly confused now. It was clear there had been some kind of misunderstanding, which,
Steve let Tony press closer, embraced him and leaned his check against his head. His hand rubbed soothing circles on Tony's back, and he swallowed thickly before speaking, barely trusting his own voice. "Yeah… I love you, too."
He waited for Tony to return the sentiments. After all, he’d been the one to mention love. But he didn’t. Instead, he smiled a half-smile and nodded again. “And you will come with me.”
Tony huffed as he waved a hand at himself. “Steve… seriously. When exactly did you get the impression that I was
Steve rolled his eyes at that, even though he'd leaned into the kiss all the same. The look on Tony's face was just the right amount of pleased and exasperated, and Steve grinned at him, letting his fingers dig a little where he knew Tony was sensitive, relishing in the little jump that followed.
Steve grinned as he draped the blanket and all of their clothes back over them. “Come on, Tony, this is normal survival procedure. Nothing else.”
A soft sigh escaped his lips. “It’s my fault, Nat. Anything that happens… If Stark breaks up with him…”
When Steve walked into his room, he immediately spotted a brown haired head glinting in the moonlight. Tony was sitting in the big reading chair, facing the windows in a way that hid his face from Steve.
“Seriously, Stevie,” Bucky said while he leaned over him. “I know I’m repeating myself, but why do you bother with that madman, again?”
Steve knew Tony’s injuries weren’t severe, Bruce had said as much. After Thor had fished him out of the ocean, Bruce had given him a first check-up, and while he had a head trauma, two bruised ribs and one sprained ankle, he was otherwise fine. Or was as fine as he could be, Steve mused, now that Extremis was gone.
“Well then,” Tony announced as he, reluctantly, handed Ian over to Rhodey, “let’s get this over with fast.”
,” Tony said, voice dripping with sarcasm, but he made to walk to the exit anyway, followed by Pepper, Rhodes and Vision. There was a moment of hesitation as he stood in the doorway, the slightest pause in his steps, but eventually he left without looking back.
“Well, maybe, but I…” He stopped himself when he saw the first hint of disappointment on Steve’s face, realizing that while he didn’t particularly like the idea of becoming the metaphorical and literal butt end of the team’s jokes, he knew he could never say ‘no’ to Steve. He had no idea where they stood with each other, didn’t even know if Steve wanted him to stay, but he wanted to make the most of the time they’d have. And that meant he could get through some teasing so long as Steve was with him just a little longer.
Steve shrugged, and felt the disappointment fully leak into his system. He hadn’t thought it would hurt so much. “It’s gonna be tough, sure, but I don’t
Eventually, Steve's breath slowly evened out, and he drifted back to a much-needed sleep. After a few minutes of listening to the steady beating of his heart, Tony turned around in his arms, leaning up so that his eyes were level with Steve's closed ones. "I hate what you did there," he whispered softly, because he needed to say it, at least once. "I understand why you did it, but... I really hate it."
In only a few hours, he’d fight Schmidt. He’d bring an end to this, and then, he would try to find help, and make those dreams go away. Perhaps it was time to end this impossible thing between them anyway. There were fifty years between them. Fifty years and only a few imaginary dreams they’d shared.
A sigh coursed through Steve’s body. “When I realized I was into you, I think I was more wigged that I wasn’t wigged,” he explained. “Everything… since knowing you, I’ve changed so much in such a small amount of time. And I want more of that. You challenge me, you want me to do better, you’re all I want from here on out.”
close to climbing Steve like tree and demanding some much-needed attention. "You need to be sure that Barnes is going to be all right. I understand that.”
“Not just sex,” Steve said, looking at Tony with as much sincerity as he could relay with his eyes only. “Everything. I want to… I want to share my life with you, for as long as you want.”
Tony ground out, and speaking was already much more difficult than he wanted. He could feel Ultron’s glee resonating through his code lines, and had to fight a sudden nausea.
, Tones,” Rhodes said and stood up. He leaned over to where Natasha was holding Ian, smiling down at him. “We’ll keep the little nugget entertained, won’t we? You love hanging around your Ol’ Namesake, don’t you, buddy?”
His eyes met Steve’s just briefly before his hand came to play, reaching between them and opening the buttons of Steve’s pants.
“Just not sure I made an impact,” Tony admitted. He pointed towards the news, where Thaddeus Ross was currently giving an interview on CNN. “It won’t be the Sokovia Accords, sure. But it’ll be something similar. We’ll be facing the same problems. Once more, people in Lagos died. All of it… didn’t change anything.”
It was with that conviction that he sat up, ignoring the way Tony almost jumped out of his skin. “Okay,” he whispered.
“Good,” he said, almost business-like. “And don’t worry about Mister Hammer. After breakfast, I will go speak with him. Or we can do it together.”
"See if you can get FRIDAY to contact our guys outside? They saw us going in so I'm not worried about them not trying to get us out, but we should at least let them know we survived." He wasn't too optimistic, though, since he remembered something about the building being radiation-resistant, but he figured it wouldn't hurt to try.
“Uncertain,” Tony shot back and released a breathy chuckle. He looked positively gloomy, all the worry gone now, and Steve knew he had made the right decision not to wait any longer to talk to him about this. “With a baby on the way, we should probably stop having sex altogether…”
An hour later, Steve sank his toes deeper into the grass and watched Tony in the tree, filling the pack at his side with fruit. They were taking turns with this, not because Steve couldn’t have done it all by himself, but because Tony was always getting bored if he stood at the sidelines too long.
“You weren’t kidding with his teething,” Steve told him quietly as he walked back into the baby room. He’d fetched a new shirt from their closet—one that wasn’t drenched in baby milk—and came to a stand next to the crib.
The ground seemed to rumble beneath Steve’s feet. And if he listened very carefully, he could almost imagine Stark Mansion sighing happily just to have the name of its old mistress in the air once more.
Steve swallowed, nodding slightly. The sheer thought of Tony not being at his side made his insides ache with an unfathomable pain, but he knew he had to give him this promise. “I’ll do my best,” he whispered.
Steve turned around, letting his eyes sweep over the cave walls. He spotted Zemo behind a glass door, staring at them impassively. So he had killed the Winter Soldiers. The guy didn’t look gleeful, though, or overly excited. He just looked at Steve numbly as he came to a stop in front of the door that separated them.
Tony snorted, and fell quiet for a moment longer. He reached for the baby’s head, trailing one finger through the wisps of hair, feeling the smooth skin below, and Steve knew that aside from him, Tony had never loved another human being that much.
“But I want you to know,” Steve went on, “that meeting you, meeting the Avengers… it changed my life for the better. Until I fought with you by my side, I never knew how it felt to have someone understand. Ultron told me I can’t live without a war, and he might’ve been right about that. This, the team,
It was infinitely comforting that his team was still mostly the same. They bickered, they joked, they argued. But no one was really all that surprised out about his time travel. All of them just mundanely settled down and tried to find a way to get their own Steve back.
At this time of day, late at night and shortly after a mission, the entire team was gathered in the main common room of the facility. Everyone had something to say about the things that transpired, and Natasha was surveying everyone coolly from where she was reclined against the sofa. Steve was watching her as he listened to Sam talking about needing a little more heads up than 'I've just jumped out a window, need pick up'.
“He missed you,” Tony said and slowly, he entwined his right hand with Steve’s left. “He asked for you, and cried when you weren’t there to sing him to sleep. I tried to do what I could, and we handled it well enough, but…” He glanced sideways, and hated himself a little for sounding as vulnerable as he did then. “I don’t want to do this without you. I don’t want him to stop expecting you to be there in the evenings. I don’t want to remember your recipes for him, I want to trust that you’re there to cook them for him. I want someone there to remind me that it’s not the end of the world when he has a bit of temperature, or if he’s mad for me for not giving him what he wants, I… I want you there. With me.”
“No,” Tony snapped then brushed a hand over his face. “I just… I need some air. Might as well walk with how fast we’re moving.”
Bucky snorted again, though he tried to hold it back this time. If Natasha hadn’t cradled Ian against her chest in that moment, she’d have slapped him already, Steve was sure of it. “Point.”
It was too much compact in one—too much, and not enough. Steve thought it would never end and, at the same time, that it would end too quickly.
“Very lucky,” Tony agreed softly. He let one hand slide over Steve’s shirt, gently putting it right above his heart. The beat still a tad too fast, but strong and very steady. “Better now?” he asked, rubbing his fingers over Steve’s shoulders and his neck, stroking a line down the center of his chest.
“Nope. You just… you had two deep scratches yesterday. Here and here.” He brushed his fingertips beside his own left eye and then beneath it.
Tony ignored the half-questioning looks Natasha fired their way. Nothing seemed to matter at that point—nothing save for collecting their mutual people and getting as far away from each other as possible to figure out what the hell had happened. To get to neutral ground until they’d see each other again.
After that, Steve seemingly couldn’t stop touching him. And Tony fully understood. It’d been too long since Steve’s skin had been under his hands. And before he could blink, his shirt had vanished and Steve was tugging at his pants.
Somehow he had always assumed that Tony as a teenager had been carefree… ready to party the night away, always a joke at hand. That he’d been all smiles and manic energy, but this… this Tony seemed far more troubled than his husband did. Far more introverted, far more sad.
"I just hope he doesn't sue me or anything…" He pulled back, glancing to the still form on the couch. It was a bit worrisome that he hadn't regained consciousness yet. a knockout shouldn't last this long.
anything. On the contrary, he was going on dates with girls, he was talking about them, ogling them, and just—there had been never any doubt in Steve’s head that Tony was straight and… he’d been surprised, that was all.
All the while, Tony nuzzled Steve’s jawline, breathing into his skin and inhaling his scent. One of his hands wandered up and down the span of Steve’s back, kneading his shoulders whenever he reached them. When Steve’s breathing had evened out, Tony gave the smallest nudge, looking up at him questioningly, and with a soft sound, Steve let himself be pushed back on the bed.
Entwining their fingers, Tony led Steve through the small corridor on the left and straight into the bedroom. Usually, Steve brought a small duffle bag with him whenever he stayed over night, but today, they’d initially planned to drive back to Massachusetts, and only decided to scratch that plan when one of Tony’s meeting had taken up about three hours longer than expected.
Sometimes, when the weather allowed it, they swam in the river, even when it was not to wash the day away. They played chess with rocks Tony had gathered, they talked here and there, Steve telling stories that were on safe grounds—nothing too personal—, and more often than not, Steve dozed off to the sound of Tony’s voice.
He heaved a deep breath and opened his eyes. It took a moment to get used to the bright lights, then he looked over to where Stark and Banner were standing.
looked at the man. His features were still wholly unfamiliar, but now Tony could see some sort of… distortion at the edges of his face. Like there was something not quite as it should be.
He gave him a meaningful look, then cupped his face with both hands. “There’s absolutely nothing you need to be sorry for. Obi’s an asshole, has been as long as I’ve known him. And what I’m going to do, well…” He took a low breath. “Can’t really fire him without splitting the board in half right now, and I need those people on my side if I ever want to push the energy business. So I’m gonna sit it out, play nice with him as much as I have to. I figure he’ll bitch about you for a while, but things will settle eventually. And when I’m 21…”
“Yeah, yeah, I get it, I do. Oh God. Just…” Tony attempted to lean up and found himself pushed back again. He felt Steve’s hand on him, but didn’t register the sensation, too busily consumed with his own need. Steve cupped the globes of his ass, pushing him upwards somewhat to gain better access. And Tony responded to the feeling more than he intended, grinding his hips against Steve’s finger and reveling in the long-winded groan he received in turn.
He turned to Natasha, who was hunched forward, absently flipping through a magazine. “How long has it been?”
“What,” he breathed, turning around in confusion. He remembered walking through a door, and now he stood in what appeared to be another, much larger motel room.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed with a smile and put a hand on Bucky’s shoulder. “Welcome to the crazy people.”
The warm water was soothing, but when he towelled himself dry after, he still felt it. The ice. He knew, of course, that his body temperature was back to normal now. The doctors had put him through a bunch of examinations, and he was physically fine, but he could still feel the chill in every movement, even as he changed into his new clothes and went down to the cafeteria.
Bucky hadn’t wanted to come down here, and the others had agreed that they didn’t want to spoil their reunion.
It was classic, it was simple, it had Steve’s tactical style written all over, but Tony had to admit that it worked out pretty well. They weren’t the bestest of buddies, aside from him and Bruce maybe, but they certainly clicked on the battlefield.
“I know,” Tony said, not using Extremis for once, and Steve was glad. Because if this was it, he needed to hear his real voice. “ETA two. Please hold on.”
Steve’s eyes widened and he took one step back, then another. He walked past the many horrible people he’d talked to in the last hours, and after that, his stiff legs were bringing him upstairs to his room much too slowly. His head throbbed and then everything around him dissolved. He was halfway down the corridor before he heard it.
"Wait!" he called after Tony, not minding that he was only in his sleeping pants as he hurried along. When he walked by the kitchen, he only saw a dash of red fly past, heard Bucky calling "Nice!" after him, but by the time he reached the front door, it had slammed shut.
“I know,” Tony answered. “I see your point, I’m not dismissing it, but this is happening, Steve. Whether or not you like it, it’s already happening. And we have a chance to take part in
Natasha had lied to him. Lied since he’d known her. The fact that he’d been aware that Natasha never gave anyone insight into her past without a good cause didn’t make the present situation hurt any less. He supposed it was a small thing to her. She’d been manipulating people all her life, had been taught to keep information close to the heart, and theoretically, Steve knew it wasn’t entirely fair of him to look down on her for that.
“Net, ya ne,” Barnes snarled in Russian. And the next thing Tony knew, Barnes grabbed Steve by his throat and then Steve was airborne, barreling into the next car. Steve grunted, ducking a wild punch aimed at his jaw. The situation was quickly spiraling out of control. Every swing between them became more violent, and though there was a sizable part of Tony that usually enjoyed watching Steve fight, it was damn difficult to do so with the looming danger of him getting killed by his best friend any second.
He felt Steve sink into him with relaxation, felt him brush kisses across his forehead. Felt his ridiculous long lashes dance against his skin. “Love this,” Steve said, as he pulled back, brushing strands of Tony’s hair away from his face with gentle attention. “Love you.”
Fuck. Tony really should’ve kept track of the newbies. The two were sisters, if he recalled correctly. Sisters who had sworn to fight each other to the death at some point, but still sisters.
They walked closer to their makeshift debriefing room. T’Challa had temporarily disposed of one of his many living rooms, so they could have a place to talk and eat and watch movies in private. At first, Steve had kept reminding them that they couldn’t know if there were any bugs or cameras, and thus had to be careful what to do and say, but after a few weeks in, they had all agreed that T’Challa already had all the leverage on them he needed, and if he truly wanted to rat them out, he would.
that,” Steve replied, his voice rougher than he meant it to be. He hadn’t had much time to talk with Tony after they’d merged the body with the Mind Stone and JARVIS’ matrix. Tony had set to repair Bucky’s arm immediately, and preparations for their final standoff with Ultron were well underway. And even so, he figured Tony wouldn’t really talk about it just yet. Knowing him, he’d need days, maybe weeks, to sort through the feelings for himself, before he’d eventually seek him out for consolation.
Thor looked at him squarely. “It will, yes. The Ofrous Pollen is a powerful ingredient, one with a unique power in the Nine Realms. Hogun confided that the memories the Ofrous brought back are very persistent, so it is likely that you will not forget what you have seen. A glance into your former lives is bound to leave you changed.” He glanced up at Steve and smiled reassuringly. “But I am certain you are all strong enough to handle that knowledge.”
So Steve framed his face with both hands, and leaned in until their mouths were almost touching. “I have enhanced sight,” he said, “and you have a good heart, whether you want to admit it or not.”
Standing next to one another, Steve had a moment of startled pause when he realized he needed to look down at Tony. They were about a head apart in height, and there was something unfairly alluring to the way Tony lifted his head to look at Steve when he realized he wasn't actually helping with the cab efforts. There was a question in those eyes that Steve knew extended well beyond the here and now, and Steve's eyes flicked to his lips.
Steve was staring at his own hands, then at his surroundings, as if only now, he realized how different everything looked. Well… it
“Should’ve told you no matter what,” Steve said firmly. “But thank you for… trying to see it from my point of view. You didn’t have to.”
“…you love me and I’m asking you to,” Steve said with a low chuckle and then made Tony take small steps into the room.
Tony curled in Steve's arms, drifting off and sleepily murmuring that he loved him, and fell asleep to the gentle strokes of his hands. That thought resided just beyond morning.
“It’s alright,” Steve said with a grin, leaning a bit against Tony. He liked these people already. All of this… it looked a lot like a great family reunion and Steve loved seeing Tony as carefree as he was now.
Steve smiled, pleased. Then, he stood up as well and embraced Tony’s naked form fully, kissing his forehead.
Tony nodded, then nodded some more. He half expected to suffer from a seizure any moment, because his brain just didn’t manage to wrap itself around this.
been married for quite some time, after all. They turned on the same note, falling into a quick stride toward the hangar—Steve running, Tony pretending to chase him and Bucky hot on their heels.
That night, Tony murmured a lot of things about survival, warm breath on Steve’s neck, as he eventually sagged, exhausted and tired, against Steve’s shoulder.
Rhodey’s expression remained unimpressed, and Tony felt his resolve dropping in the face of reality. “Oh fuck it,
The house was completely quiet aside from the low murmurs back in the library. Tony and the others were nowhere to be seen.
“I would never think something that,” Steve snapped and masked his hurt behind steely eyes. “Don’t put words into my mouth, I’m not a homophobe. But, you know, I’m beginning to think you are.”
“Don’t do that,” Steve interjected before Tony could say more. “Just because I messed up today, you don’t have to keep your troubles to yourself. We’ve been over that: You’re
amazing,” Steve breathed and turned his head to look at him. “Never felt so… I think I nearly blacked out.”
okay?" Tony asked after another moment, realizing that he hadn't even asked yet. It had been such a close call. The ceiling had suddenly crumbled with chunks of stone falling down on them. Tony had only barely managed to fire up his foot thrusters and bring them both in here.
Steve rushed forward to catch him as his body threatened to waver, all anger immediately shoved aside.
Rhodey grinned and put an arm around Tony’s shoulders. “Come on, if nothing else, it’ll be worth a laugh.”
timeline and its many possibilities. So while it’s not exactly possible to travel to one’s true past, because you’re already affecting it as we speak, this is indeed your own timeline.”
Several times her slender legs or those small hands found their mark, and within minutes, he was battered and bleeding. Battered and bleeding, but by no means defeated. He managed several decent blows. One backhand was particularly well executed, and he sent her reeling on the ground right next to the long escarpment. She gasped, slumping on the ground and staying there.
“You’re my friend!” Steve shot back, grief causing his mask of indifference to drop. “We needed to get out, so I did.”
Tony came to a stop so abruptly, he almost passed him by. “What, you want to tell me you have no idea why I’m upset?” he demanded.
“Not at all. It would be great to have a guest over. Maybe it would convince Vision and Natasha to be on their best behavior and the meal wouldn’t dissolve into them throwing napkins around for once. Those two have
"I shouldn't have come here," he muttered. What good would it do? Tony'd just turn him out as soon as he saw him, or worse, scream his head off for showing up in the first place, and he'd deserve it. Bucky just made an annoyed sound in response and pressed the button for the appropriate floor.
“It’s low profile,” Steve replied. The car was admittedly a bit smaller than Steve had thought, but it’d been the only model they could afford, so it had to do.
Tony felt a lump in his throat and he swallowed, his tone turning more serious when he said, “I mean it. You keep me sorted out, these days.”
Steve’s cheeks were slightly flushed. The air between them could not have been heavier. Silence stretched, taunted and teased him. With a deep breath designed to support Tony’s confidence, he shook his head and set forward. And Steve waited one second, and another, before he dived in again, too.
There was no doubt in his mind that Steve would eventually forgive Natasha and Clint for their deceit, but that day clearly wasn’t today. His face was still devoid of all color; a muscle constantly twitching along his jaw and Tony could only imagine what went through his head right now.
Before he could finish the thought, the elevator dinged and Iron Man walked in. It was a model Steve didn’t recognize—and it was stained all over with some greenish powder.
“Must be your irresistible charm and good looks,” Steve deadpanned. He put the blanket around Tony’s body, tucking him in. He kept a hand on Tony’s shoulder for a moment, and couldn’t find the strength to stop himself from rubbing the tense muscles.
“Good. I might’ve told him you wouldn’t stop unless you were dead. And I started to worry that he might take me up on it.”
. You made me believe that the Hulk isn’t just a green rage monster, that what happened to me might’ve happened because the Hulk was needed. So let me do this now. I’m going to be struggling too much for Ross to be able to do much with the others,” Bruce continued, gaze focused on Tony. “And you’ll have to try not to be obvious about helping them. No swoon eyes for either of you.” He pointed at Tony, then Natasha. “Then you can get Steve outta there.”
His side-to-side motion switched to back and forth, with a little grinding pause every time he moved forward.
discuss this. I’m not saying this document shouldn’t undergo a few changes, but it’s a draft, we can work on it. I know you wish you could put down your foot and the problem will simply go away, but it
For now, Steve had the promise of Tony’s warmth and that was enough. It was more than the world had ever given him.
When Steve finally stepped into the bedroom, he felt as though he was walking into a tomb. The upper part of Clint’s house was so quiet, he could almost hear the dust fall behind him as he moved. There was a very persistent pain in his gut—a strange combination of both sadness, and the beginnings of familiar pangs of separation. It really only had been that one day, since he and Tony had been close, but it already felt as if he hadn’t touched him in a lifetime. And Steve had never coped well with being apart from Tony too long.
Normally, Steve was a man who appreciated good humor, but there was nothing in that particular revelation which tickled his mirth. He wasn’t laughing and he wasn’t screaming. He was… well, he was at a complete and utter loss.
With that, he stood up, stumbling a bit as he tried to walk out the room. He could hear Steve follow a second later, and before he reached the door, there were hands gripping his upper arms to the point of pain.
“Yes I did, and no, it’s not,” he said, frowning when the claw turned in his direction again as if sensing Tony’s voice. “Its…” He took a deep breath, glancing up at Steve. “Its programming is a jumbled mess, okay? I started working on him when I was fourteen or something, and I messed up lots of the basic coding. It’s really a wonder he went online in the first place. I tried to fix the code these past weeks, improve the syntax, really make him functional and all, but…” But then
. Just yesterday, James Fucking Barnes had been inspecting a roadmap of Kentucky and Tony hated it. Steve had even tried to approach him again after weeks of radio silence. He’d cast Tony all these flimsy smiles and raised eyebrows, as if this suddenly
"Why would you go to the trouble of designing this for me?" Bucky asked, not even bothering to wonder if it was indeed designed for him. Bucky was usually not the kind of guy to ask pointless questions or beat around the bush.
“Fine. But he’s punishing him in order to create a precedent, that’s not making it any more justified.”
Following a sudden urge to get some space, he stood up and walked over to the balcony’s railing, pressing both hands down on it. He shook his head as if to clear it, then just looked into the distance.
“Dammit,” he heard Steve breathe and Tony shut his eyes, so he didn’t have to see his pained features. Ultron was inside him now, all of him, everywhere. He had him under control. Had Tony’s will trapped beneath something too weighty for even his strength to move.
," he echoed. "You're sitting here looking like Tony's one of your best friends, and all you have to give me is that you don't know?"
—ignoring the little twitches of his hands, and the way his lips were forming a thin line whenever Steve said something—it was absolutely exhausting.
The air around him was filled with noise, but he could not discern one sound from another.  For some reason, he was surprised that—when he looked down on himself—there was no blood on his hands. His brain hummed; opening up to all sorts of memories, and his jaw couldn’t seem to unclench. His metal hand flexed, opening and closing in a phantom movement of him hitting Steve’s face over and over again. He remembered the day on SHIELD’s Helicarrier well enough, and he could still feel Steve’s cheekbones breaking.
"Keep looking at me. This is a bit... more, but you'll get used to it in no time," he said, then put his weight on one elbow while he rubbed himself across Steve's opening.
“Just close your eyes and imagine it,” Tony whispered against his lips as he leaned down again. “We’re in a real bed, in a real world. We’re together. You’ll open me up, finger by finger, and push in me, and nothing can separate us again.”
They’d arrived back at the Facility at some point, and with ‘they’, he meant Rhodey, Natasha, Barnes, Clint and Bruce, since the rest of the team was currently treated in SHIELD’s medical department.
“Good seeing you again, my friends,” Thor announced, and there was a little crooked smirk on his face as he took in their grimy appearances. Generously, he waved Mjolnir around, pointing it at Steve last. “I must say, you have looked better. It’s a fortunate thing that Bruce and I have come to your aid in time.”
Next to Steve, Sam threw a first aid kit and a few bottles on the floor, filling a syringe with clear fluid. He carefully pushed the needle into Dr. Cho’s arm, injecting her with what Steve hoped were some really good painkillers.
Tony nodded, pulling Steve even closer. They smiled against each other’s mouths while Steve wrapped his own hand around Tony’s, covering his wedding ring protectively.
“О чём, чёрт возьми, они говорят?” Bucky asked in Natasha’s direction. What the fuck are they talking about?
Nowadays, their ages truly didn’t matter, and would do less so over the years, Tony was sure of it. Of course, sometimes, they wanted different things, or had different opinions, but that was
He opened both eyes and grimly noticed the unslept-in side of the bed. Steve hadn’t made it upstairs for two full weeks now. Tony rolled around, though kept his fist coiled in a steadfast grip for long seconds. Every inch of willpower tingled on its last nerve; he was so fucking sick of waking up alone.
Quickly, Natasha replaced his position. She grabbed Barnes by the stringy brown hairs and pulled. The shooter yelped and fell on his back, his blue eyes wide, as Natasha straddled his upper body to hold him down.
Anyway. Howard had rented them a pretty large RV (not the Winnebago Tony had initially planned for, but alas, minor changes to his plan were expected and calculated), they’d gathered all of the supplies (the usual camping-trip stuff, Tony’s new telescope and lots of food and beer), they had the money, and they’d had the perfect day-to-day route that would bring them to the small town of Hopkinsville (a.k.a. the 2017 eclipse’s point of ‘Greatest Duration’).
Stepping up next to him and grabbing for his toothbrush, Tony was struck with some weird feeling of domesticity. “So, eighteen,” he mumbled with a casual tone even as he jammed the toothbrush into his mouth. “We’re officially legal and boring now…” It was meant as a prompt, really, but Steve only hummed in agreement and turned his eyes back on the work at hand, letting the razor slide along his chin.
“And go into hiding? Leave the country? Hide in some shed in god-knows-where?” Tony huffed dismissively. “It wouldn’t be fair to Ian, and it sure as hell wouldn’t do this world any good if the people who are meant to protect it have to stop doing exactly that. These are the ground rules we have to work with now.”
Standing on his own two feet at last, Steve turned to Tony and simply patted him on the shoulder. "Thanks."
That was easier said than done. His breaths were coming in gasps. After all, his partner was the devil. The devil worked as a civilian consultant for the LAPD, because apparently, that was a thing that happened. God, heaven, demons, angels—it was all real. He’d been… he’d kissed an angel. He’d… he’d fallen in love with an angel.
It was too much to ask for, considering, but Tony had never backed down from a challenge. And if he wanted closure, he needed to say
“You have a girl?” Bucky blurted, suddenly overwhelmed with curiosity, and unable to help himself. “Why didn’t you tell me—
Tony huffed. “Always the charmer,” he said, then met Steve’s gaze again challengingly. “Suppose it’s still scratchy from all the screaming.”
Eventually, once they were up in the living quarters, Natasha passed Ian back to Steve, waiting till he’d pulled him securely against his chest. “I’ll leave you three alone,” she said. A second kiss on Ian’s forehead. “Увидимся позже, солнышко.”
“Yeah, that… looks like it,” Steve agreed, walking up to them warily. “Pain relief?” he asked and cast Bruce a questioning glance. There was a bottle of oil on the couch table that Steve recognized from the many times Bruce had rubbed the fluid against his temples after a Hulk-Out. Next to that, there was a gigantic bottle of Advil.
Tony’s hand remained poised above Steve’s lower back, massaging him softly. “Move with me…” He cast him a reassuring smile as he lifted off of Steve’s cock, held for a hesitant second, and then sank back down again.
“Anthony is an alcoholic. Has been for a while,” Stane continued. “He hasn’t been able to lead his own company for years. And he didn’t treat his wife as she deserved. I’m sure she wanted to tell me she wanted a divorce.”
“Poor darling,” Steve murmured as he looked down at Ian’s sleeping face. It looked like he had calmed down for now, his breathing even, his features soft and without any tension.
“Steve?” he prompted gently, but Steve didn’t move at all from where he’d been glancing over at Tony. It was, well it was scary as hell, to be honest. Last time he’d been too confused to really grasp what was happening, but now he had it on full display and—What would he do if Steve didn’t snap out of it again?
Sam looked down at the plaque for a moment, and addressed Steve without turning his gaze from it. “A unique woman, huh?”
It was a stupid joke, they both knew it, and Steve didn’t laugh—didn’t even smile. Tony was looking at him with the strangest expression on his face. His eyes were no longer blank, but filled—very briefly—with an emotion so strong it almost hurt Steve to look at him.
Tony chuckled, leaning in so he could rest his head on Steve’s shoulder. “He sorta is, yeah. Told you he’s a hardliner.”
“What the hell are you doing here?” Tony asked afterwards. “If you came here to tell me to lay off your friend, you can just go. We won’t ever—
For almost two months, they’d been together every day, almost every hour of the day. They’d slept and eaten and laughed together. And just like that, it was over.
Natasha pressed her thumb on the screen, then turned the phone around so Tony and Rhodey could see the video feed.
Steve scoffed, but he eventually slumped into a chair, surrendering to the situation. “So?” he asked.
Steve raised his brow as he regarded his feathery prison, then, a shy smile reached his lips. “They feel very soft.”
. Ignoring his own thoughts, Tony stared down at the bulb again, as if looking at it long enough would unveil its secrets.
“I don’t like the way Ross is handling things,” Tony explained cautiously. “I really don’t. I have this… strong urge to punch him in the face most of the time, but—I can’t say he’s wrong. At least not on all levels.”
“Fuck,” Tony said wondrously. His eyes widened as he looked down at Steve with pure wonder. “But football. You love football.”
Steve looked back at him. And there—there was that warm smile again. Steve was looking at Tony like it was a big relief he was here—as if looking at Tony was somehow a big reassurance. “Thank you, Tony,” he said.
As it was, after court proceedings had come to an end, the government had refrained from putting Bucky in prison, but instead decided to bench him. Indefinitely. And even though Tony still went to committee hearings ever so often, trying to defend Bucky’s case, he was monitored 24/7, and that meant: no leaving the tower, and no missions. On paper, Bucky was part of the team, but that didn’t really mean anything if he wasn’t allowed to fight at their side.
. There it was, the big number. And for a whole day, he’d gotten to kiss Steve whenever and wherever he’d wanted to. It had been perfect. The perfect birthday.
“Can I…?” Steve asked, his voice raspy as he stared down at Ian, who was raising his chubby little arms expectantly.
Tony sighed. “I guess I am. Feels like I can finally start with… doing what I want to do, you know?”
“A problem shared is a problem halved,” Clint drawled, then he and Sam moved for the exit. Clint only glanced back at them once, yelling over his shoulders, “Get Tony upstairs, Cap, would you? We gotta be moving soon, and the others are waiting for instructions.”
Tony laughed, and saw Steve’s eyes sparkling at the sound. That would be something he would definitely have to capture on camera.
Despair threatened to overtake him. Next to him, six men were leaning against the wall, tables or just standing there. Doctors, and a few armed guards. One of them edged closer—the small, almost bald man with huge glasses. “Sergeant Barnes,” he said with clear pride in his voice. “I knew you would make it.”
Steve wasn’t smiling now, and his mouth was more demanding than ever. He nipped at Tony’s lips, sucked his tongue desperately between his teeth and cradled Tony’s face between his large hands. The way Steve pressed against him—eyes firmly closed, his fingers diving into Tony’s hair with frantic movements—made every cognitive thought clock out for the evening. Steve moaned, clutching at Tony almost too hard, tilting his head the other way to suck on his bottom lip, and they broke away simultaneously to catch their breath.
“Keep my Father out of this,” Tony answered, though his words were hardly making sense at this point. “Come for me,” he urged. “Come, baby.”
So he did, fingers brushing over Tony’s flushed cheeks. “That was incredible,” he murmured as he dropped his face on Tony’s shoulder, burrowed there, replete and spent.
Barnes took the bottle from him again and drank. “He wrote forty-six letters before he eventually sent one of them to you. I found them in the trash afterwards.”
he thought, but couldn’t bring himself to actually say it. Because if he and Tony didn’t happen—he’d also destroy this future of theirs, and he knew that was about the last thing Tony needed to hear right now.
already; every inch of him shook with strain, and he needed Steve inside him like he had never needed anything in his life.
“You think you can just do that?” Tony snapped with palpable anger in his eyes. “You let me wait here for hours! I thought something
“Hip, hip hurrah.” A smirk tugged the corners of Steve’s mouth as his eyes found Tony’s face. “Peter told me to say hi.”
“Talk to me,” Steve ordered again, and with a sigh, he laved a cotton swab with whatever disinfectant the first aid kit provided. “You built this program, right? ‘Ultron’? Why is it trying to kill us?”
Steve winced at the mention of his Dad, and that confirmed what Tony had already suspected: There were a lot of things Steve was desperately trying not to think about right now. Things he ignored for the time being. Which was clever of him, all things considered.
Tony fell silent, taken aback by the truth that he never wanted to think about; the reality of his life; the never-ending, ceaseless pattern of doing and going until he couldn’t anymore.
Steve stood frozen as he regarded the man. He looked to be his age, maybe a bit younger—sharp features, slim figure, bold facial hair, and bright-red sunglasses that somehow looked even stranger than the whole room in itself.
Steve dropped his gaze to the ground. He knew Tony had planned this trip for years, knew exactly how important it was to Tony. Steve had only Edwin Jarvis a couple of times—the butler had died at the beginning of the year just before Tony had cut him out—but he knew he’d been more a father to Tony than Howard ever was. And he’d seen ‘The Plan’. Tony had this vision; where they would be staying, and what needed to be done in order to be at their destination by the time the eclipse took place.
His words, however, brought a wide grin to Tony’s face, and a wave of giddiness rushed through him. Steve wasn’t only considering it, he’d already set things in motion.
He was making some kind of water wheel, Steve realized. He must’ve looked really stunned, because after a beat, Tony set out to explain, “The river’s effectively the only constant power source we got. At some point we could also use the thunder, but it’d take a while for me to figure out a way to store that energy out here. A water wheel could potentially give us electricity some day, or at the very least help us create and store more food and maybe reuse some of the tower’s metal.”
An indeterminable amount of time later, and they had most definitely missed breakfast. Lying side-by-side; staring blandly at the ceiling of the tent. Waiting for energy to return without any real want of it.
Tony couldn’t help but stare. And he found himself watching the subtle movement of Steve’s hips thrusting forward as he walked towards the time machine. Suddenly, Tony had this vivid vision of those hips against his own, Steve’s naked body upon him, the scent of him in his nose, the feel of him when he’d push inside.
Falling in love with Steve had changed his whole life, and even though Tony hadn’t realized it at the time, it had also changed his beliefs on family. He kept imagining how it’d feel to cradle a little baby in his arms, to see Steve kiss their kid’s face, to teach it everything he knew, to… well, to cherish it, to protect it, to
Steve stared at him for all of a minute, taking in the timid uncertainty in Tony's eyes and the fragility there and damn him for somehow bringing the kid into his home, into his bed and worst of all, into his heart. He shook his head as if to clear it. He couldn't for the life of him remember what they'd done last night.
Tony kind of hated himself for all of this, but he’d get him—and all of the others—out soon. He had to.
When Sam stopped the car, Steve scrutinized the disused and neglected playground in front of them. The swings, slide and climbing frame had undoubtedly seen better days. Rusty and fallen into disrepair, long since abandoned by children with better games to play.
He glanced around the room, at Pepper’s and Maria’s stoic faces, and huffed a loud breath. “How can you be so calm?” Tony asked, feeling irritated. “Is it a girl thing?”
Steve stopped in his tracks, momentarily confused at where he was, and—more importantly—where he’d come from.
As Tony and Steve walked side by side, Tony’s mind was racing. How had they gotten to this point? Why had all those events that had seemed so singular at the time led to him and Steve being separated once more while the world was set on fire all around them?
Steve would wake up in the middle of the night, sweaty and shaking, staring at the ceiling until morning. There was so much about Indries’ death that he still did not understand. And so his days were spent gazing out the window, chewing on his bottom lip. The bed felt empty without Tony’s body beside him; without his weight pressed into the mattress, silently reassuring Steve that he wasn’t alone, despite it all.
“Regret?” Tony echoed, staring at Steve. “What, that I found you? God, Steve, no… trust me, I would’ve searched for a whole while longer. When you… after you vanished, I never dreamed of the room again, but I knew you were out there. So I went through my dad’s files, and I just… knew that he’d been close to finding you. Mom had forced him to tone down the expeditions. There had been one, maybe two flights per year, so I stocked up the funds, and…” He smiled. “Here you are.”
“You’re the one who tried arguing me out of this,” Steve replied. “I was ready to kiss you when you said ‘hello’.”
“Very funny,” Bruce said, and while he tried to sound serious, Tony was almost certain there was at least a tiny smile on his face now.
“No, God, I’m sorry—No, there should be no long-lasting damage. I’ll probably need to reboot—for the lack of a better word. Extremis wired itself into my body, so it’ll take a moment for the code to spread, take down every last trace of it and—”
There was a snort. “Wouldn’t be a good mission operator if I didn’t point out your weak spots. On your six!”
“I know,” Pepper said, her hand touching his arm, and kissed his cheek lightly. “Believe me, I know.”
This… really wasn’t too bad. And maybe the whole getting himself acquainted with SI’s structures and hierarchies would make him forget about… other things.
—Good, honest Steve who by all means shouldn’t want an eccentric guy like Tony, but apparently, those visions had somehow changed his mind.
“—a small compensation for losing everything else.” Tony willed himself to a standstill, turning to face Bruce completely for the first time since leaving Barnes’ cell. “What if we’re just handing him an existence that he’s never gonna forgive us for?”
Bruce raised his hands diplomatically, and only then Tony realized how harsh his voice must’ve sounded. “What choice do we have?” he asked. “If Thor doesn’t find out where the plant came from or what its vapor does… I don’t really know what we
“Natasha?” His voice was soft, barely discernable in the musty air. Ten minutes ago, she had sent him a message to talk in private, and this had to be the right room. Apparently the only one without any cameras and microphones, though he made sure to double-check that right away.
There was nothing Steve could do but smile as Tony kissed him. As Tony peppered his face with his lips and whispered his confession into his mouth over and over again.
Tony stroked his cheek. “You won’t.” He kissed him again. Ground into him and bit his lip to show he meant business. He felt Steve harden, and smiled.
There was a part of him that had forgotten color. He’d been confined to the darkness for so long that color itself seemed an abstract concept.
Letting himself sink down on the bed, Steve put his face into both of his hands. Apparently, SHIELD had found the Tesseract when they’d extracted him from the ice, and Steve felt a boiling frustration in his insides that no one, not even Natasha, had deemed it necessary to tell him. Only now, now that a
He brushed his lips across Steve's cheeks, pressing his mouth close to his ear. "So hot, and wet and tight," he whispered, accentuating each word with a slow thrust forward. "And all mine."
Tony shivered, then rubbed a hand over his face. “So you really want to tell me that it’s all apples and sunshine in your time? We're best friends now? Forgive me, but… I don’t really believe you. We never learned to get along. Why should we now?”
Shaking his head, Steve reached up to grasp the wrist of the hand over his heart, keeping it firmly in place.
Steve looked down at himself, still trying to get his breath back from the transition. He noticed that he was still very naked. Closing his eyes, he took a moment to remember it—Tony’s smile when he’d kissed him goodbye—then, he covered his private parts as best as he could and cleared his throat. “I think it worked just fine,” he said.
There was no answer this time, and Steve figured that clearly wasn’t something Bruce would share with him. After a moment, there was a rustling on the other side of the line, and then there was Nat’s voice.
"Fair enough," Tony replied as he let Steve crowd him against the wall. They were pressing down against each other, aligned from shoulder to hips, and the friction alone was making Tony's legs a bit shaky. He leaned back against the wall to steady himself, then drawing one leg up Steve's calves and thighs until he pulled his middle flush against him once again.
,” Stane snorted, tearing open the letter. “Mister Fury, Indries wrote this to me the day she died. She’d come by my house but incidentally, I was away on a meeting, so I didn’t get it until the next day.”
And the darkest part of him knew the truth. He was never meant to keep this happiness. And when he’d fallen to his knees right next to Steve’s dead form, there was no hope to grasp. No enemy to fight, nothing to rage against. There was nothing but this—only his grief.
The room exploded with several sharp knocks to the closed door, making them both jump and Steve’s eyes shoot wide with alarm.
Bucky tackled Steve down to the ground, pinning his legs down, letting the metal hand rush down on Steve’s face, hitting him once as hard as he possibly could.
Tony groaned when Steve’s weight pressed down on him even more. “God, you’re hard, aren’t you? Let me see you. I’ve fantasized about your dick for weeks.”
Steve’s shirt sailed across the room the next second, and Tony’s nails were digging painfully hard into his back, even while his lips covered every part of his face, taking his mouth whenever his journeying kisses brought him close enough. “I wanted to hate you for keeping it from me,” Tony said. “Couldn’t. Still can’t.”
For a blessed ten minutes, there was quiet except for the squeaking of the swing and Ian’s babbling. Tony was almost ready to pack it and finally go home when Ian started crying again. With a sigh that was close to exasperated, Tony turned to check on him. After ten more minutes of running through the usual checklist of possible problems, serious frustration was beginning to leak in. After a week of almost non-stop crying, Tony wanted to burst into tears himself, though he’d never have admitted it.
Another crack, this one louder, and as they whirled around, the portal was quickly reaching its maximum size. If they hesitated any longer, they’d be stranded here for good.
—like he’d never wished for anything else—that he’d see Tony again. One more time. And yet, the dive into the endless ice was thoroughly dreamless. There was no Tony to caress his skin with his hands and mouth. No Tony to fill his heart with soft promises. No Tony to destroy him with his terrible knowledge.
Letting himself enjoy the physical contact that Steve would probably never allow if he were sober, Tony pushed his nose against his shirt, breathing in. “Smell good…” he muttered, digging his fingers into the cloth as he felt himself drifting off.
Something strangely warm settled in Steve’s gaze. “I… I can’t say too much, Tony, but… you’re happy, too, okay? Your future… I’d like to think it’s something to look forward to.”
Dummy trotted around them with a notable lack of confidence, turning every few yards to make sure he hadn’t done anything wrong. And despite the fact that the robot very clearly did not belong to Steve, he found himself easily won over by his cheerful bounce and low whirring. He was a happy unique thing; oblivious to the tension that dripped from every corner of the Stark property. And Steve envied his unawareness.
Pepper grinned. “I’m sure he was. Quite a character, isn’t he? We owe him for helping out in the last year, but… don’t let him get under your skin, Steve. He has a habit of doing so, especially to you, since he adored Indries.”
Vision paused, sorting through the thousand reasons his memory supplied him with almost instantly. He sorted through the list, then chose the one that was most likely to convince Tony. “Because when Captain Rogers stepped into your life, with no obligations at all, he already moved Heaven and Earth to do what he thought was best for you.”
Tony sighed. And Steve squeezed his eyes shut while Tony rubbed shower gel into his skin, and shampoo into his hair, cleaning him from what was still left of the mission.
The past few weeks had been a surreal blur. And tomorrow they’d take the long flight to Malibu and he’d be in uncharted waters. Whatever shell of a life that he’d known before would be completely eradicated.
it was true, he and Steve had been together once already. And the romantic residing in his heart’s hidden corners was trying to tell him that maybe that thing between Steve and him would all be alright because they might have been meant to get together from the beginning.
Moments later, his breath danced over his skin, and Tony’s nails were drawing patterns in his scalp. Steve lifted his head and searched his eyes for something.
Steve dodged Tony’s second attempt at kissing him and sternly met his eyes. "We can't do this, Tony.
He stared down at the tractor, fiddling with the screwdriver again before he put it down on the engine hood. Steve caught the movement, and Tony felt him smile as he reached around and traced the screwdriver’s hot-rod red handle. “Wondered where I left it last time.”
“I wouldn’t mind a beer,” Sam decided, from where he was sprawled out on his back, staring at the sky above next to Rhodey and Carol.
“We will stand as a united force,” Thor exclaimed, even smiling at Tony and raising Mjolnir like he was toasting him.
Tony’s heart was pounding for real now, and then he couldn’t help himself. He leaned forward to wrap both arms around Steve’s shoulders, sealing the space between them. He released and airy, disbelieving chuckle, and pressed his face against Steve’s neck—for once, not knowing what to say at all.
Tony’d seen many pictures of Bucky Barnes over the last year. He’d seen videos of a young man smiling at Steve, laughing with him. It was hard to imagine that he and the man with black pants, mask, and brown filthy hair were the same person.
“You used to really annoy the crap out of me, sometimes,” Tony said, his voice low. Steve heard some clinking in the background, a short welding sound, and he knew Tony was in the shop again.
True to his promise, Tony arrived at T’Challa’s palace around noon next day. T’Challa was there to greet him, and in under one minute, Ian roused the first laugh Steve had ever heard T’Challa make out of him.
to fight, or it might very well be the end for everything they’d built. Tony could only hope he’d find an opportunity to talk to Steve and explain the situation before anyone got hurt.
He could feel from the trembles in Tony’s body that he was fighting the urge to thrust his hips against him, though for reasons Steve could not fathom. With his other hand, Steve put his cock in position and licked him once, from base to tip.
“I’m sorry,” he heard himself say. “I shouldn’t have said what I said. About Obadiah. Not without knowing what I heard. It wasn’t the right time.”
“Everything?” Tony echoed. He hadn’t dared to ask Barnes so far. He and Bruce had suspected that the removal of the implants would eventually lead to Barnes remembering his past lives, but there hadn’t been a way to be sure. “Or everything since?”
It took walking through another corridor, another hall, another three or four rooms, before he found them. It was a heartbreaking picture they made. Still wearing their uniforms. Still stained with blood and gore, even hours later.
“Alright, thanks,” Steve said, letting himself drop back down on the couch. Tiredly, he rubbed a hand back and forth across his eyes.
“—and I could just pull the strings but never actually show up on stage. You know, like some sort of puppet master.”
When they descended the stairs a few minutes and a handful of short kisses later, various smells floated in the air, making the empty feeling in Tony’s stomach more pronounced. And though he still felt a little awkward just being back here all of a sudden, joining the others in their daily routine, he would eventually have to brave this if he wanted to be part of the team again.
"Is it moving on its own?" Even to his own ears, Steve sounded awed, but he didn't care. Technology had always fascinated him—it seemed like magic, really, and he didn't mind if Tony poked fun at him about it.
“Mm.” Tony pressed his cheek against Steve’s hair and they stayed like that for a moment, just luxuriating in the feel of each other. They did clean up a bit then—or Steve did, as Tony mostly lay there, watching him with lowered eyelids.
loved her. Not then, not now.” He looked back at him. “My heart’s always been yours. Since the day we first met.”
At first, Steve thought he’d said something wrong. While they built the tent together, Tony kept looking at him strangely. He’d tilted his head, and the soft burn in his eyes sparked unfamiliar flames Steve didn’t know his body possessed. He guessed it must be the proximity. He hadn’t been close to Tony in what felt like ages.
Tony leaned forward, rotating the floor plan until it was facing towards Steve. “There’s a machine called ‘Null Time Sequencer’. We found it back in 2020, in a castle in Latveria.” He tapped on the map. “A man called Doctor Doom retrieved them during one of his travels. It’s… it’s basically a time machine.”
Pushing back that thought, Steve took a few more steps into the shop. "Busy as always, huh?" he spoke up, making his presence known.
“You keep saying that,” Tony said, then pressed a few buttons on his watch, checking everyone’s status. Most of the team was mostly ready to go. So he walked over to the elevator and pressed the button. With Steve at his side, he went down to the armory, then started to dress himself for the mission.
so badly of alcohol that Steve could smell him about the same time he saw him. He was just circling back towards the gym after his morning jog when he spotted the royal mess Tony was. His fashionable clothes were rumpled and out of order, buttons unmade, shirt untucked, his jacket hanging askew on his shoulders and, God, stains on his shirt Steve really didn’t want to look any closer at.
Bucky looked at Tony with a deep frown on his face. He opened his mouth a few times, seemingly not sure if the way Tony’s eyes could apparently just change their color was something he should be wondering about, since it seemed to be completely normal as far as everyone else was concerned.
Tony sighed, gripping the Audi’s steering wheel a bit tighter. It was late at night, and so far outside of New York, the landscape was almost pitch black. The New Avengers Facility was situated in one of the larger forests and there were no lights whatsoever on the driveway.
"...What?" Steve asked at last, louder than intended, then took a huge, wince inducing gulp from the drink. The burn was less terrible now, but the taste was never one of Steve's favorites.
Steve said nothing, instead he gently put Tony on the bed, which was a bit dusty as well. Kneeling down next to him, he smiled, taking in his form.
Only belatedly, he realized that Steve was walking towards his own bedroom. Tony knew how it looked in there, how much destruction they’d wreaked… but he didn’t have the heart to tell him that
Tony let his forehead drop against the moist shower wall. He hated feeling so insecure, but what would happen if the one thing that had brought them together was gone? Maybe if he had the chance to see those flashbacks for himself, maybe if he knew what Steve knew, he’d be able to keep this.
be a reason for them not to be banging right now. Bucky nodded, then raised his voice, “I’ll be there shortly!”
particular news to Barnes sure as hell was Steve’s job. “You’re welcome here, is what I’m saying. And if you don’t mind, I would prefer we don’t talk about my parents. Ever.”
The awkward touch in Tony's demeanour was endearing. It sounded nice, trying to spend some time together, outside of the battlefield. Maybe if he and Tony talked more, they could stop butting heads all the time.
“There was a signal,” Fury went on, staring at the SHIELD label on the USB stick. “You might want to affirm the location, but that’s where we need to start looking.”
A long, unwavering beat at that. “No,” Bucky said eventually, and there was the beginning of a grin tugging at the corners of his mouth. “Just need to wrap my head around it. A Stark. You’re filthy rich now, aren’t you?”
“Nice to meet you,” Steve said and smiled when the robot slowly rolled over to him, moving its claw up and down as if shaking his hand.
There was a hand on Tony’s shoulders, then, turning him around fully so they were face to face. Steve stepped up closer, crowding him against the tractor, and looked him straight in the eyes.
So, he’d agreed to leave it be. Let SHIELD handle whatever it was they were hiding. It wasn’t what he wanted, but he understood the wisdom behind caution. The last thing he wanted was to jeopardize their alliance with SHIELD because he didn’t trust Fury. So he agreed to let Fury research and come to the necessary conclusions himself. And he agreed to wait because it made everyone breathe easier to think he wouldn’t fly off the handle.
Steve snorted, leaning even closer against Tony. “Well, yeah. But I think you might’ve gone a little overboard with that.”
,” Tony said with feeling. His lips moved down to Steve’s nipples, sucking one of them through Steve’s shirt, as he fisted the hem of it and pulled it out of his pants. He brushed another kiss across the skin of his chest, pulling the shirt off of him. “You’re so perfect,” he breathed with a look of awe.
He bit his tongue. That was so inadequate. Tony came all the way out here to visit and all his hormone-addled brain could think of was how to get in his pants as quickly as possible.
Tony scowled but couldn’t stop the small snort from leaving his lips. “Ha ha. You’re so funny. There is nothing wrong with my ass.”
So with that hammer in hand, he stepped into the chamber and put the jar down on one of the examination tables.
“And you really expected me to make the first move just because you wrote me a few sentimental lines?”
Kissing Tony was… like tasting food after starving for a thousand years, quenching thirst after days of being parched. Every time he kissed Tony, it took him by surprise completely, as if his lips were connected to every nerve of his body.
“Get in,” he told Tony, grinning as he unlocked the passenger-side door. “The chopper is waiting for us.”
