I nod.  “What did we get permission for?”  All the while I’m following his hurried strides toward the base of the mountain where we had been, this time he starts up the path.
Dean’s not stupid.  He gets what Jack’s implying.  “He’s avoiding fucking me.”  There.  Dean’s said it and immediately feels like a fucking idiot.  Cas is busy.  Cas has other things to do.  It’s not personal.
good.  In fact, I feel the best I've ever felt.  Without thinking, I reach to grab my pants with my dominant hand, the broken right one, but it's not broken anymore.  I marvel at it, flexing and extending it like I haven't been able to in days.  No pain.  No issues.  It's perfect.  Even with fancy angel-healing abilities, no way it could heal that perfect.
“I think Michael is in the ocean, Sammy,” Dean says.  “Long story, but there was this witch woman you see.  She showed me a vision and while I think some of it’s bogus, I think there’s some truth to it.”
Dean stares off into the direction we came.  He shakes his head.  "No.  We'll run into him that way, and we can't fight him.  Fighting him is suicide."
It's not as cold as I thought it would be, and as much walking, as we do, I sweat too much to really notice if it's cold anyway.  But right now, a chill floods my body, as I comply with Cas's orders—you don't fuck around when Cas gives an order—and I have to find the last bit of peace in my center to keep from shaking too badly.
Sam laughs.  “Cognitive behavioral therapy.  Though, yeah, the acronyms make it confusing.”  Sam wonders if cock and ball torture could actually be used for conditioning of any kind?  Probably.  He shivers.
Smiling—not the nice kind of smiling, the fucking evil, smirk-y, you're-a-dumb-creature-that's-met-his-foolish-end kind of smiling—he grabs me up again, this time by my jacket, and tosses me into the wall, as easily as breathing.  I land wrong, and
I’m fucking tense.  I’m not as murder-y about fairies as Cas is, but even if our previous situation turned out okay, these are
Cas embraces Dean and they stand like that until Cas is breathing easier.  “We may not survive this pregnancy Dean.”  Dean loves hearing Cas use his name more when they are alone.  “My hormones get wild and I need you both near me.  I get irrationally afraid something will happen.”
Dean leans against the bars caging him in, and runs his mitted hand along the bars, mesmerizing himself with the sound the leather underneath the cloth makes.  “I see you’re awake,” Daddy says making him jump.  Dean scowls at him.  “And in a terrible mood.  What’s with all the fuss?”
“I don’t need a babysitter,” Dean complains, but shuts up quickly when Cas turns his feral countenance on him.  What Cas says on the field goes.  In truth, what “Cas says goes” is an always for Dean no matter where they are but there’s something extra to it when they’re in this environment.  It’s amazing and terrifying at the same time.
The cabins, like a lot of things now, have seen better days, but they're not bad.  Probably more comfortable than sleeping in the Impala, even though I'd still take my car over this any day.  The bed is king-sized, and the sheets are decently clean.  I put my pack down inside.
Ugh.  He's impossible.  "Forget it.  We're not going to agree.  You won't get trouble from me about it."
to make it hurt more.  Like it accessed a different part of my nervous system, because another part of my brain and heart were running the wiring job.
Levi takes too large a breath and Dean knows why.  Cas explained this part, but warned Dean he left Levi with a few options to choose at his discretion, depending on the session since Levi does have leave to punish him if he misbehaves.
Cas smiles.  "I am quite pleased with this mating," Cas says.  It may be odd, but I kinda feel awesome knowing I did good in some way.  "This is the strongest I've ever been."
Originally this chapter was 11K.  Now it's just over 2K.  Ha! But it's kinda a big mouthful, so I thought I'd do an uncharacteristically short chapter.  The next one will be the remaining 9K.
I've read about that.  Foolishly, I didn't think he'd start that since we aren't actually mated, but Lucifer counts us as mated.
We remind him where he is and he remembers, takes a moment for it all to come back to him, but he does remember.  “You two gotta go,” he says when Ceri is out of the room.  “Leave this place.”
"Neither do I, man."  Cas is a fucking force I have to recover from. I take a long breath and let it out slow.
Cas sits up.  “Dean no… no I…”  He slides off the bed, pulling Dean with him, so that Dean’s sitting up his legs dangling off the bed, and Cas is on his knees between his legs, arms around his torso.  “Do you not know what Nafas means?”
“A little bit,” I say.  Cas is fucking pissed about that, but I’m delighted.  God told him he needed a holiday, which he couldn’t refuse, but that doesn’t mean he didn’t throw a bit of a fit after.  The sex was awesome, but he hasn’t stopped randomly shouting, “I’m a mercenary, mercenaries don’t take holidays.”
Fucking Cas with his cock-hardening smirk.  He takes a breath; it exhales as a huff.  “I need you to do some of that, you know, humbling stuff.”  Even Gabriel has been too busy.  And, and well … “Not just any humbling.  I need you to do your worst.  And dammit, I need to make it to the fourteen days but I can’t do it on my own.  Help me.”
Never to Father’s face though.  Mary Winchester remained supportive in the way a beta should, but Dean had to listen to her complain.  If Father had told Dean he could no longer serve their army, he would have stopped—not that it would have been a choice in that scenario, but he would have been willing.
“I am a medical medium, like I said, but that’s only one of the names for someone like me.  I prefer the term, Seer.  That means I’m a creature, Dean.”
That’s what Dean does.  He’s so into it, he doesn’t notice Cas watching him until he clears his throat.  “You’re going to learn to pay better attention if it kills you, Winchester.”
Dean doesn’t want to beg.  He wants to hold onto as much of his pride as he can but he’s not going to be allowed that either.  Fuck it.  “Please, Master.  I get it now.  I’m sorry.  I won’t do try to escape again.  Please don’t do this.”
I take the angel blade – it is fucking mine – and go on a rant, because a rant is so much better when you’re holding an angel blade.  “What do you mean fucking kill you, Cas?  What kind of bullshit is that?”
He doesn't respond and we keep walking at a pace I find difficult to keep up with even with my superb level of fitness.  I've grown fitter with each passing year, all the damn walking because Cas is too much of an angel snob to find a car.  Though I have to say there are benefits to the walking; we stay more hidden this way.  Not too many cars on the roads these days, they tend to be noticed.
Cas smoothens Dean’s hair from his forehead. “You may.” The kiss he gets to his lips is fucking tender. It’s confusing. A one eighty from his mood of late. Is he a cool kid now that the Grand Seraphim’s taken an interest in him?
That explains the look.  Warding against angels is illegal.  Well, unofficially.  It's not like there are any laws anymore, other than the 'laws of the land' and of angels.  It's simply well known by this point, if you're caught by an angel putting up warding, you've just sentenced yourself to death, no questions asked.  No one tries it.  Whoever lives here is one balls-y motherfucker.  "Cas?" I repeat, only this time I mean,
That list was mostly so Dean wouldn’t have to do other, crazier stuff.  At least he’s pretty sure.  Cas isn’t opposed to much.  He checks in with Gadreel who nods.  “Really?  I’d like that, sir,” Raine says.
“Is this a new form of punishment, Cas?  ‘Cuz let me tell you, lesson learned.”  Still I try to think of something, because the angel does not make jokes.
Dean doesn’t mean to be miserable, but he is.  “C’mon pal.  Come out here to meet me and your papa.  I promise it’s way better out here,” Dean says to his son every morning.
"I agree, which is why I must leave you with Dr. O'Malley.  You need a skill Dean.  It releases you in a way I can't.  Surrender can only come when you feel right within yourself, fixing things makes you feel right.  Too long without it, and you act up, because you don't feel right inside, you don't feel yourself."
Dean’s already judging himself.  Soon as the words leave his mouth.  He’s pathetic.  Cas is his literal captor and he’s conspired to have him in bed with him.  It’s worse that it’s not for sex.  Sex can be written off as arousal-drugged inertia.  Being held is a conscious, deliberate thing.  He wants it though.  So bad.  He wants to know what it’s like to be in the big, safe arms.  The ones that can smash and pulverize demons.
Dean is used to Cas prowling on top of him, but not when they’re trying to conceive.  His eyes widen, watching every move Cas makes.  Cas is right though, at this point, they’ve got nothing to lose.  Things haven’t been working the other way, but Dean knows if this doesn’t work, Cas will take him back to the healer, which will not be pleasant if Cas’s alpha nature is riled again.
to do.  Both because of the bond and his angel nature.  It’s true though, it’s rare I give him real reason to mark, or discipline me.
Daddy releases the plug and the water begins draining.  Daddy has a warm towel waiting for him when Dean steps out of the bath, and he begins drying him off, as Dean drips onto the other towel below him.  Daddy takes a bit of extra time when he gets to Dean’s special places, and Dean has to hiss a bit from all the good sensations.  He also realizes he needs to pee.  “Daddy, I hafta to pee.”
“Thank you for bringing the cargo,” Sam says.  “I have brought you what you want.  It’s an even trade.”
The next day he enjoys the use of his arms.  He does push-ups and he can do more than he ever has before—is he stronger too?  Why would they make him stronger?  Seems like a bad idea.  The reasons he comes up with don’t sit well with him.  Now that he’s noticing things, he thinks he can hear better too.  He’d gotten used to the sounds around him, that’s an easy thing to miss jailed as he is but he’s been able to note when the dungeon whore and their handler (it’s a different set each night) walk by his cell on the way to the end of the hall and when they return.  He can hear more bits of activity farther and farther each night.
I nod again, not wanting to think about it really, but he's ordered me too now.  It's going to be something terrible, and I don't know I can handle that kind of terrible right now.  I need a distraction, to feel something else, something powerful.  "L-Luci, will you, I need you to
"I've brought help.  My most trusted men and women.  We will take some untraveled routes through the kingdom, which will take us awhile, I'm afraid."
Dean continually sets up blocks for Sammy, so Sammy can knock them down.  Uncle Gabe left special instructions for Sammy, which included wearing
“Yeah, I get it.  Everyone’s gonna make me do everything.”  Dean’s put up with a lot of shit since he’s been here.  He’s been locked up.  Beaten.  Whipped.  And let’s not forget about all the shit done to his poor cock—he’s not even allowed to touch it.  Now he has to become some dude’s son?  “Is it like, a real thing or just in name?”
“Because I don’t know if that’s true, Winchester.  You can sleep soundly knowing that my brothers and I are doing everything possible to prevent a… rampage.”  Cas is still using his word.  Dean likes that.
Dean sits in the cool seat of the Impala.  He slams his head against the steering wheel before slamming it the other way against the headrest, beating on the steering wheel with his hand.  What was he thinking coming here?  He was crazy.  But he’d been looking for this a long time now.  Previous to now, in which he’s questioning all of his life choices, he’d been playing casually.
Dean hangs from the rafters.  Yes, this place has rafters.  Dean’s pretty sure they were installed just for this purpose.  His arms hang in chains.  There’s a stool under him, he’s straddling it, just above a giant dildo.  It’s another embarrassing, humbling position and Dean’s leaking slick like a burst water balloon.  His cock fucking aches.
“That’s a pretty naughty thing to like,” Daddy scolds.  “But so long as you stay nice and soft, it’s all okay.  You make sure to tell Daddy if you start to get hard.”
"I think it's still settling some.  Frist I felt prone to aggression, now I'm, well just want to do this with you," he explains by holding me a little tighter. "I feel like I've been pulled the other way.  But not to worry, it will settle, and things will be normal again."
Fuck.  We’ve hit yet another dead end and it’s so fucking unfair.  I’ve seen Sammy now, I know where he is.  It was always a race to get to him, but now it’s so much more imperative knowing how far he’s drifted.  This obstacle feels too big right now.
When Daddy’s gone, Dean has to lay there with the biggest hard on ever, cursing him in his head.  He’s tempted to rub his cock around, just to get some good feeling across the top.  But what if Daddy can hear him?  Dean’s not sure he can’t and isn’t willing to find out just yet.  He uses the control Daddy’s been teaching him, and eventually falls asleep.
“Yes.  Well technically Ohên in this universe, but Ohên is in the region known as Fiji in the universe you’re from.
I know it's inevitable though.  My time above water has a shelf-life, and as varied as the duration is, I'm able to sense when it approaches.  To my dismay, I become more submissive, hoping he'll keep me for just one more day, and one day more.  This is one of the many ways he's become aware of how much I hate it.  I never say that I do and so far, I haven't begged.  It's my body that gives me away with its subconscious submission, and the annoying trembles that are beyond my control, as I desperately fight to remain stoic, even as I'm dragged off to my own personal hell.
the welts on my ass.  Right.  That was a punishment.  I'm already getting an idea of how Cas's mind works—he's not likely to let punishment go easily if at all.
“Say your goodbyes, Dean.  I want to make good time.  You know what happens if I get to the edge of town before you get there.”
with the dragon, otherwise he'd kill him.  "I think I'm gonna call him Hika for short," I say coming over to give love to my dragon son.  Cas doesn't seem to mind me touching him.  I guess the same rules don't apply for dragons.
I prepare myself as we get closer and closer.  Finally, when we’re near the edge, I’ve come up with enough courage, but when I attempt to step out over the cliff’s edge, I notice Cas is stalk still.  Staring.
I consider telling him to see if said dreamy angel would like to take on a second mate, both to see Cas's face, and to impart an important lesson into this kid's psyche—in this world, he needs to know a little more about the dangers.  How has he made it in an apocalyptic world all this time, with that much naivety?
I ignore the pain and I reach for it.  If I do this just right, I can stay away from the water.  “C’mon.  C’mon,
bath.  I'm in heaven.  "Take your time.  We're going to have dinner with Balthazar after," Cas tells me.
the screams, the marks the bruises.  However, Cas doesn't consider himself a sadist, just an angel being an angel—giving pain,
I sit up, hardly believing he’d delay for as long as that just for me.  Does he actually give a shit?  I don’t think too long on that, sitting up to assess the damage.  Hand still broken, ribs too.  Ass feels like it’s had a hiding, body feels slightly seared from Angel-Grace-Acid, and like tenderized meat at the same time.  I’ll live though.
“During an eclipse, the energies of the Earth go silent, it’s like a resetting.  Think like rebooting a computer.  Things fix within fields when the energies restart, and it’s the perfect time to enter the cracks of a spell, reset it, add or take away what you want from it.  It’s how Lucifer tethered our bond to the spell of the palace.”
Finally, he nods.  “All right, but I’m going to hold you to what you’ve promised.”  He leans into kiss me again.  “Samuel I… If anyone had told me I’d love another, after Jonathan, I wouldn’t have believed them.  You’re dear to me and I love you so.  Do you know that I do?”
"Good.  Then put something on your plate, Samuel, and get some tea," he says, but there's bite behind it.  It's a clear,
“Time for silence now.  I need to think.”  Sam needed to plan their next move. Sam drops Lucifer’s cock. He whimpers in a disappointed way this time.
Yeah, he’s the one nurturing the dysfunctional love between them—if Cas ever becomes capable—but sometimes he’s happy to
this.  Shouldn’t he be jealous that Dean will have another bond that isn’t, Cas?  “What’s so funny?”
“Up you come.”  Cas sits against the headboard, arranging Dean on top.  “You want to come on my cock?  Fuck it and tell Daddy what a good boy you are.”
“Not happening.  Your submission to Cas in this way will calm you—even if you’re not fucking him.  It’s what’s done to fire fiends.  Once you’re dick-trained, we can allow you to come downstairs with some restrictions at first, less so over time—when we’re sure you’re not a threat.”
"You're leaving?"  I always knew Boydega was a temporary thing.  I found him wandering after Sam was taken, and he joined me for a bit, so I knew he’d leave eventually,  but I've grown used to him.  He's a good fighter, and not too shabby in the sack either.
Cas opens his arms.  Dean should tell him to go fuck himself, but he wants to be in those arms so bad.  He collides with Cas’s torso.  “You did this to me, Master.”
"It also serves as a tool to find you should we get separated.  It cannot be removed, except with my grace."
“You are.  That’ll always be true,” Dean says moving the hair from Cas’s eyes wanting to stare into his soul.  Cas is a massive war general and he always looks the part.  He always
The tears come.  I can't stop them.  I don't want to say yes.  I've been with Lucifer long enough to understand what I sign up for by saying yes.  Maybe the water isn't so bad…
Hell yeah.  Dean can’t speak though.  He bites his lip and humps Cas’s belly instead.  Cas slams Dean’s arms over his head and holds them down as he shoves his cock into Dean.  He doesn’t make Dean wait for it today and Dean wonders if maybe Cas missed him too?  No.
, too many damn sex toys everywhere.  “Let’s see you behave for me, my little Winchester hero.  I’m going to fuck you with this.  You’re going to let everyone know how much you enjoy it.”
This was a stupid, stupid mistake.  The rush of arousal is a heady musk spreading through his veins.  His balls give a tug to signal how much they’ve filled from that sentence alone.  He swallows searching Cas’s sapphire eyes.  “I want to serve you, Master,” Dean realizes as he says it.  “Oh God I’m gonna … that’s mmmmhmmm.  That’s gonna be awesome and awful at the same time”
Of course.  Weird-ass angels. "And why are you so business-like?  Shouldn't we, I dunno, kiss or something?  Get in the mood?" I know very little about this mating business, but I know it requires consummation via sex.  Most of this kind of shit does.
I refuse his hand when he offers it to me, used to doing that.  I do get off the ground, so I can glare at him properly.  First thing I do though, is check for the amulet – still there.  "What's the deal Gabriel?  Do you realize what you've done?"  Cas might not
I nod, making an attempt to be good and not ask a million questions, but I want to know fucking everything.  Who’s Jack?  How does it all work?  Is Jack a danger to Sam?  I keep my mouth shut though.
“So, no one can find this place or the people in it,” I say out loud.  I don’t mean to.  It’s something I already knew, Lucifer and I have already been over this, but thinking we were actually somewhere within the realm of where my brother lived, a small part of me still hoped he’d find a way.  There’s no way around this though.  Lucifer doesn’t need a bond to know exactly where my thoughts are headed.
Cas is still ignited, but he seems calm enough to answer.  "It's a bit of a long answer, and you need to sleep."
There’s no way he means that.  He’s too fucked up to know what he means.  I can’t say that to him though, and not because I think he won’t agree.  He
Finally, I lay down on the couch after making sure nothing’s living in it.  Everything sucks, and I feel sorry for myself and there are a lot of things I wish for that are never going to come true.  I try to sleep, but even sleep sucks.
Samifer fans.  Here they are.  I think what's going to end up happening is we'll get these little peeks into Sam and Lucifer.  I'm kinda legit scared of Sam TBH.  Note: No the lore does not match up with the show.  Yes, it's "inspired by," but it will largely be its own thing."
I place my pack down, and kneel before the alter, not bothering with the makeshift pews, since no one else is here.  I contemplate what would most please Cas.  He will often ask me if I've done his bidding, if he's sent me away from him to do so.  Lying is ill-advised, especially with our heightened empathic abilities we acquired from the mating.
He focuses on doing what Cas ordered, letting go of the worthlessness he feels over not being able to conceive and performing his omega duties as before.  Dean works harder to learn how to do the household duties he’s meant to, but his heart’s not into it and it’s work.  He stares out the window for long periods of time at Cas’s warriors, wishing in the least to be one of them.  But then he remembers himself and sets that out of his mind.
I roll my eyes.  “Look, whatever.  It doesn’t matter.  I’m not him now and I don’t get a thing about magic of any kind.”
I can't stop the shaking though, the shaking that had finally stopped for the most part, but returns to me in times like this, when he's angry at me.  I undress as he instructed, and wait in nothing but my boxers as he watches me.  "Pass me that, Sam," he says referring to the razor strap on the wall behind us.  He doesn't need me to pass it to him, it's a move meant to heighten the anxiety I'm experiencing.  It works.
“Mmmmmhhh, yeah … yes, Master.”  Dean fumbles with the buttons on Cas’s coat then rips it open and pushes it off him.  That’s as far as he gets.
Finally we get to an open place that looks like a garden in the sky.  Two large doors open for us to a room with a grand view of the entire community.  In front of the windows stands an angel, tall, thin, and beautifully dressed, almost pretty.  His hair is long, blonde waves, and his outfit keeps with the fancy vampire theme; long white jacket, to his thighs, with a sharp collar, and over-sized cuffs, gold neck scarf, white pants, and even a white and gold cape.
Huh.  Actually, it does.  Some fluid is coming out of his cock, which has release some of the pressure.  He nods.
Dean spins around.  “Okay, who are you?  The terrifying angel General I know doesn’t even know what a pun is.”
“No idea.  Found it in an antique shop one day when Gabriel and I were looking around.  Gabriel thinks I was had by the story the shop owner told me and yeah, I always am.”
By sheer will of force, Dean staves off his impending orgasm.  Cas doesn’t slow down.  He takes Dean.  Owns him.  Takes up all the space in Dean’s world.  When Cas comes, he lets go in the way Dean now knows he only does in these moments with him.
Lucifer collapses on top of him, getting blood all over him.  Sam’s much larger than Lucifer, he fits easily on top of Sam, but Sam has to lie back.  Lucifer tries not to let Sam hear him cry but Sam hears him.
When night arrives, Dean only knows because of whatever trippy thing lets him feel the time now.  The lighting hasn’t changed in the dungeon—there are no windows.  Lights out will be soon though.
He loses again.  He always loses against Cas.  Sometimes he wins when he’s playing against “the computer.”  Or in other words, the magical kind of simulation the board could use when Cas was too busy to play Angels and Demons with him.  He can’t wing against Cas.  Cas is too good.  Dean wants to beat him someday, mostly because he wants to impress Cas.
“I’m not going to tell Cas until it’s happened, and I can tell him you’re fine because you will be fine.  I promise.”
Hika ended up taking a shine to Jack.  He mentioned he comes to visit.  “That’s excellent.”  I’m actually about to become, well, a grandmother I guess.  Last I saw Hika, he told Cas and I about his eggs.  Five of them.  I kiss Jack on the head.  “All right, I’m gonna go with your daddy here.  I’ll see you at dinner.”
“I don’t know if I’ll be here when you get back.”  There’s no floor.  Dean can’t see through watery vision. He has to grip the sides of the chair to digest that gut punch.  “I’m sorry to tell you this now, but in case I wasn’t, I didn’t want you comin’ to an empty house.  Thought that would be worse.”
Mock Readers:   *yawn*  *yawns some more*  Mock, we've read tentacle porn, and dolphin porn and porn we're not even gonna admit to you.  You've got to do better than that if you want to shock us.
“Dean.”  Cas’s voice is stern.  “I want to see you take the rest of your punishment like a good boy.  C’mon.  You can do this for me.”
"Maybe it's too comfortable, is that what you're telling me?  Maybe I should have secured your hands behind your back.  Maybe then you'd be thanking me for being kind enough to leave them in front where you could have access?"
"If only he'd waited that long before igniting said complicated magic," the suspicious angel mutters.
It probably would be epic.  The wrongness of it that much more arousing for Sam.  “No.  I’m not fucking someone who wants to end all of humanity.”
Gadreel shrugs.  "Not my problem."  Dick.  "I think this concludes our business here.  But I'm afraid if there are anymore incidences, I'm going to have ask you both to leave, at least until I’m more established.  Castiel, you know I don't like to place restrictions on angels, but you'll understand I'm in a bit of a position at the moment?"
To his left a demon stabs an angel through with an angel blade.  More of those things like Sam kissed are here, tearing into angels and their special human forces, slicing them to pieces.  Watching his comrades fall he knows he’s a huge dick.  He could have been here helping them.
At the end of a week, the friendliest face in the Garrison is staring at him when he wakes up.  Dean hates this fucking guy.  “Hi, Dean,” Jack says.
The only thing keeping me hurling myself off this cliffside, well, other than Cas, is the knowledge that if I don’t try to get to Sammy, no one else will and I’m not leaving him there like that.
Please don't."  I start to panic, especially feeling helpless chained as I am to the post.  "That's too many."
Dean pushes the hair off Michael’s face.  “I’ll let you in, lover.”  He presses a kiss to Michael’s lips.  Michael smiles.  Dean frowns.  “How did you get one though?  I thought it was only for the bonded.”
“Yeah sure, but we all know when you substitute in a recipe, it never turns out quite the same.  You can’t just double a recipe without ending up with dry muffins.”
“That’s correct.”  At least Dean was able to make it this far into his pregnancy without having to come here.
“I’m not opposed, but your son might be, it will take me longer to get the pizza done.  He heard about the pizza.”  Jack loves pizza.
My whole body's dripping when he pulls me out of the water, and I take several deep breaths; the air burning my lungs sweetly, as I try to pull it in too fast.
Our bonding was weird.  He took me to a place like what these books talk about.  Was that what he did?  Is our bond connected to the lay lines of the Earth now?  If so, that’s some kinda powerful magic he can tap into.
“B-Besides.  I’m glad I could save this one for you.”  Dean has learned how to enjoy sex without the finish.  Of course, the finish is the best but waiting makes orgasms that much
All right, enough sad things.  I have included more edits and I'm playing around with the size of them a little so bear with me.  Some notes.
, but the other part wants my big brother to come save me.  I feel selfish as hell about that, but I already want out of here, more than I want a lot of things.
He spies the map table on the far side of the room and studies it.  There are little, stone figurines on it.  Dean picks one up.  “Oi.  Wouldn’t do that if I were you,” it says.
"Bedtime story, Cas? I'm not even tired with all that healing you did," I say as I yawn.  Okay, I might be tired, but I want to hear the story.
Cas is angry.  Not at Dean but that doesn’t change that Dean should tread carefully.  “We have to fuck.”
okay with, but he has to have a chat with Daddy about it to make sure of something.  “That’s still for Dean, Daddy?”  He asks the question, even though Dean knows it’s a ridiculous question cerebrally.  The ‘big’ part of him isn’t absent, but being ‘little’ is about
“It is said that Roark designed it that way, for you, or Sam, so no one else could use it.  You’re the only one who could retrieve it.”
All this time, Lucifer made me real, because I’ve become a reflection of him.  So long as I did what he believed, giving up what I believed, it kept things calm between us for the most part.  Sure, there were his random fits, but even those were somewhat predictable and manageable.  But as much as I am a reflection of him, he’s a reflection of me in that if I reflected the values he touted back at him, that confirmed he was
Cas is normally level-headed for an alpha—most alphas tend to be hot-heads—but his primal nature comes out and he’s throwing things at people when they irritate him.  He fires several of the staff and if you breathe too loudly near him, he’s liable to banish you from the kingdom.
a kink—and yeah it’s Cas’s number one kink—it’s a practice.  Or it can be.  That’s what it’s become, for who he is now.  It’s required.  It’s not all bad either.  Abstaining is powerful.  He becomes a live wire of arousal.  A climax at the end of a long period is incredible and there’s a brief period of contentment but then there’s emptiness.
We leave the big tree behind, and I do my best Real McCoy, until Dean bans the song from ever being played in his car again.
"Dean, I need you to say a prayer for me.  And not one of your ridiculous nonsense prayers, a really good one.  It needs to count."
to leash Dean even though they are required to with the only exception if Cas has pressing War General stuff.
is a bad idea,” I say pretending like I knew that’s what this necklace did, “nothing I can do about it.  I do what Cas says.  The end.  Thanks for your advice.  Now gimme my damn friends back.”
As we walk, I see that we are approaching a cliffside.  I look to Lucifer, confused.  We’ve walked this route many times with his army, it’s never taken us to the edge of a cliff.  It feels like it’s the edge of the world and it looks as if nothing is beyond this point.
I nod.  “It’s stuff my brain understands, Cas.  This thing must have, I dunno, made the door or something and somehow, where we wanna be is beyond that cliff.”
to press to drive him crazy from the get-go.  And then Cas’s hot mouth is back on his cock.  You know, the cock that Dean’s not allowed to touch?  The one that rarely gets touched?  That cock.  “Ahhhh…” Cas wins the first moan-cry from Dean.  He has to breathe in pants to calm himself down so he doesn’t fucking cum in Cas’s mouth.
Lucifer frowns.  “I could get you there, but someone will know I’m there.  Too risky, Sam.  I’m—I’m sorry.”
Cas scowls at me.  "You went and became his mother, didn't you?  We have no choice.  He cannot stay forever though."
Tears sprout from his eyes, as he gets lost in a world of holding back when he should be letting go.  “Let go, baby boy,” Daddy says from behind him, pulling Dean’s head into his chest, so he’s looking up into Daddy’s blue eyes.  Daddy has the best eyes, and Dean likes the way his hair’s messy, while maintaining huge sex appeal.
“I don’t care what you think it is,” I say with as much bravery as I’ve got left, knowing there’s every chance he’ll throw me back in the ocean.  “I won’t bond with you.”
because his dangerous eyes are set to Terminator, and he's coming at me.  I do the movement with the least amount of effort, and roll,
problem," I say hoping he'll catch my drift.  We need to be big again.  That's our only hope against these bright-lighted douchebags.
I wish I could at least tell myself that no I’m not, but yes I am.  This is all I know anymore.  My life with Dean was another life, a dream world.  When I wake up, I wake up here now.  “Yes, yours,” I answer.  I mean it.
It's hard not to laugh, or roll my eyes. He's still pissed about my comedic little prayer, and here I thought he was learning about what jokes were.  Well I know I was funny, and if all I get is to have to redo it, the entertainment value is totally worth it.
Dean sinks onto the dildo all right, in the filthiest way he can.  Moaning.  Biting his lip.  Giving Cas blinking doe eyes.  Cas stares.  And stares.  And stares.  If he were a computer, the rainbow swirl of death would be spinning on his forehead.  “Master?”
It's not that I don't try.  But my stomach is a knotted hell most of the time, wrapped in the turmoil of something akin to waves crashing – and I'm supposed to put food in there?  It feels like it will be ejected.  He wouldn't understand, and even if he did, he wouldn't be empathetic to my plight.   "I am, I'm just eating slowly.  My stomach is upset."
“I worry for you,” he says as he continues to spank.  “I lose sleep.  Up late thinking about how I don’t have enough time to teach you as it is.  And you take it upon yourself to decide to waste precious time?”
“No.  I’ll go to him,” I say sitting up, realizing I’m naked.  I’m also thinner, I’m too thin.  I need to eat.
He also wants to state the obvious: this means somewhere inside of him, Cas has submitted to Dean.  That’s how the tattoos work.  It’s what they symbolize.  Michael taught him that.  This us unprecedent—as far as Dean knows.  “Do not tell anyone or I’ll strip the flesh from your back.”
Sam knows as well as I do that as much as we'd like to, there's nothing we can do for the beaten man on stage.  It will only mean three graves, instead of one.
Lucifer gets a different smile, one I like even less than the one he had before.  “You know, sweetheart?  I’ll take you up on that.  Dean remains untouched, but you’re going to be a real good boy and show him what you do for me, aren’t you?”
do my life at the same time.  It can feel good, if you're grateful to have something, or someone to miss, and enjoy the feeling, even if it makes you sad, even angry at times.  I also think you can miss people anytime you want."
“I heard that.  You’re about to get a spanking in front of the Emperor’s consort if you keep going on like that.”
“You just want to fuck him.  Cas isn’t gonna let you anywhere near him the first while.  You know that.”
The rush.  All of that does some kind of something to Dean.  It’s not sexual that’s for sure.  Just ask his cock, it’s limp as a noodle.  For once Dean’s glad about that.  But it’s arousal all the same of another kind and he tingles there, in his crotch region.
“Hold out your wrist like this,” Dreyous instructs.  Dean mimics his position, extending his arm, palm facing up.  Dreyous places his blue hand face down on Dean’s forearm and grips.  Naturally Dean grips his wrist in the same way.  “The bond’ll happen inside ‘a yah.  Nothin’ on the outside.  But once it happens it’s forever.”
He's no different to my back, or my front.  Lashing without mercy, and when he's finally done, and has helped me down, I am a bawling mess on the floor.  I've never been through anything like that.  It was more than
“The punishment happens tomorrow.  I’ve asked Commander Vass to retrieve you.  I’m going to bring you back here myself.  I won’t be allowed to heal you, but I can give you angel’s nectar.”
That's how I found myself over his knee.  He set to spanking me, just with his hand, but Cas's hand is an implement in and of itself, and it leaves bruises.  "Whatever happened to needing me at full strength?" I say through tears.  It's only my ass, but it hurts.  Cas is good at always making things fucking hurt.
He isn't gone.  He's nearby.  If I'm deciphering properly, I'd say just outside of the cabin.  Knowing that gives me relief, and I relax.  Huh.  Maybe the magic is settling.
“I got you a bonding present, Sam.  Isn’t that what couples do?  Have children?  I told you we’d eventually have a baby, here he is.”
Cas is less impressed with the fairy lady by the second.  “I thought you said you didn’t expect to come across us?”
“I’m confused about the sex thing, Master,” Dean says.  It’s nighttime.  Cas just got back.  Cas is naked, on the bed, toying with his own cock as he reads while Dean sits in Cas’s desk chair.  Cas wanted him to read the reports so he would get to know what one looked like.  He’s been reading them for hours.  They’re fascinating.  He’d rather read reports all the live long day than the books Cas brought him.
When Lucifer sees me, he’s impressed.  “Fuck, Sam.  How am I supposed to go out with you looking like that?  Maybe we reschedule.”
But Lucifer surprises me.  “I think my mate would like that,” Lucifer says.  “I’ll take him down there, myself.”
The shower's actually really nice.  Dr. O'Malley's backyard is beautiful, filled with fragrant flowers, and while the water isn't hot, it not cold either having warmed up some from the sun.  I can't run the water continuously, but it's a great set up for getting clean, far cleaner than I've been in who the fuck knows how long.  By the time I'm wrapping the towel around me, I feel a little better, at least on the outside.
Castiel tries to keep him focused on him as he starts asking him about his job to which the other answers that he only serves God. Castiel nods at that and asks about the crucifixes and nods as the other explains that he is just afraid of the wrath of God.
He closes his eyes and thinks about Ben and that helps him gain the courage to drive down the ramp towards the highway, he prays he can make it and that Sam won´t have to pick where he left off.
. He also got some cider, potatoes, bacon among stuff for salad and other things he had seen that had caught his attention.
“I did, I...I didn't leave. I watched the carousel and... I can't remember exactly...it all happened so fast.” Dean felt Sam´s hand on his shoulder offering support.
“Dean was an accident. That's something that happens every day and you don't have to keep blaming yourself all your life.” Pamela looks at him in the eye. “Now why don´t you tell me about Ben, how is he?”
Castiel nods and thanks to her before he closes the door and sees the empty office. “Guess they really don´t like the FBI…time to work.” He then pushes the desk to a wall and moves the chair so he can sit down, he gets out ARI. “Step one, change the office.” Just as he says that ARI shoes him his surroundings as f he were in a mountain, he frowns and changes it to a forest. Happy with that he starts to look at the files he has gotten and opens his map. “There is always a railroad line adjacent to where the bodies are found and all the victims disappeared in the fall.” He marks the locations. “The killer has a large comfort zone. I need to narrow this…” He sighs and looks at the file he marked as modus operandi. “ Always the same ritual. An origami figure in the hand, an orchid on the chest. The victims have always been dead for less than six hours when they were found, which means they remained alive for several days before being drowned. Over 3,500 people questioned, over one hundred suspects interrogated, and not a single lead to go on...there must be something…” He puts away that file and looks at the one marked profile. “The killer is white, aged between 30 and 45. He is intelligent, calm, and determined. An organized type. He has a car, he's probably employed but his work allows him free time. He must have a car. ARI analyzes the tire tracks.” He waits and then reads the info. “The killer's car is probably a Chevrolet Malibu 83.” Since Castiel doesn´t have any more clues, he stands up and goes to the door, maybe if he cleared his head he would be able to see something that the other might have missed.
He reacts to what feels a few minutes later when he hears his phone ringing. He picks up without looking at the screen. “Hello?”
“As God is my witness, I haven't done anything. I'm innocent.” Jimmy said as he shakes a little and looks scared.
Gadreel walks towards the desk and shows him his badge. “My name is Gadreel Shurley, I´m a private detective as you can see and I´ve been investigating the case of the origami killer and I would like to ask you a few questions.”
Jack looks at the rest of the things in the market and is a bit confused as to why they have angels wearing dresses, he decides to ask Sam about it later. He keeps looking and finds some that are about candy so he buys them with the money he has saved.
Gadreel got in his car and drives to a convenience store that is near one of the locations where one of the victims had been found, he looks at the file of the parent before he parks as close as he can to the store.
Dean nods walking out from the laundry room. “I know man. They arrived just after I talked to you. I just want to be left alone.”
“This killer is no ordinary murderer. He is intelligent, organized, and methodical. You won't find him by patrolling the streets.” Castiel tries to keep calm.
“I don´t really like bars nut my brother thought I needed to let loose…” He shrugs and sips from his bottle. “Thanks for the drink….”
“I´ll be back tomorrow.” He told Sam after he went over his trip with his younger brother. “Want me to get you a new book or something?”
“I understand, Lilith. But the killer is out there and he is free, if we don´t do anything to stop him, then he will kill again and another mother will lose her son.” He tries to convince her so she can answer his questions.
A middle-aged woman, with medium-light hair opens the door wearing a robe opens the door. “Sorry, I don’t accept clients without an appointment,” she says and starts to close the door.
His son looks at the bag and frowns before looking at him. “I hate strawberry. But I can eat it, thanks.”
“Don´t you think is a bit too tall for the bunker?” Cas looks at the tree unsure of how they will be able to take it to the bunker although it's nice to see Dean smiling so carefree.
“Hey Donna …. I´m off for the conference, please sent the reports to my desk and cancel some of my meetings from tomorrow morning.”
She nods a little. “I already told the cops everything that I know Mr. Shurley.  Now leave me alone.”
As it lights a woman´s voice speaks. “Your destinations is 4 miles from here, leave the parking lot, and take the first right.”
“I remember telling you to get thicker socks, Dean.” Cas stares at him. “But yes, I think we should go look for them, last I heard, Jack was trying to make Sam buy him popcorn lights for the tree.”
“Have you seen lieutenant Muller?” He asks him as he notices different police officers but none that looks like the lead detective.
“I see. It doesn´t so interesting to just buy a tree.” He stops and looks around in search of Castiel and Dean.
“You are not fun, Sammich.” He pouts. “Hey, why don’t we go to your room so I can show you how I decorate it?”
Dean blinks as he looks around and feels ice at the pit of his stomach when he can´t hear any kid or see Ben. “Fuck! Ben!” he starts to shout.
“I don´t know Sammy… he is gone, I was with him and then I have one of my episodes and next thing I know you are calling.”
Balthazar watched the exchange with an amused look, his friend looked like something apart from the vegetables had caught his
Dean looks at his hands. “He is a bit lonely but he is doing very well at school even if he doesn't have a lot of friends and well he is very close to his mother… with me he is distant.”
Dean nods and stands up feeling emotionally tired. He grabs his jacket and starts to walk to the door.
Castiel looks at him as he walks to the desk. “For him, they're more of an image, a symbol. That's probably why he gives them an origami figure and an orchid, as gifts to apologize for what he's done to them...”
“Well kinda…” Sam answers. “Some families like to do this but the majority prefer to buy an artificial one from a mall and decorate it, not everyone likes to have to pick up dying leaves in January.”
“That… they were giving them in the parking lot, they said is a festival where you can buy decorations and also there are competitions like building snowmen and snowball fights… and something about a skating rink.”
“You were lucky Dean, its very rare for people to survive such a traumatic event as you did.” She honestly said to him as she watches him walk.
“Sure, I wanted to introduce myself before getting started but perhaps there´s a better time…” Castiel starts to say before the other interrupts him.
“Not yet but I´m sure that later today we will have some info.” He explains as he walks before Castiel asks if he isn't worried about the number of cops and how they could mess up the scene. “No, because they are trained to find clues, agent.”
Gadreel looks at her and before leaving he drops his card on the table and tells her to call him in case she remembers anything, no matter how unimportant it seems. After that, he leaves the motel room and goes to the hallway. On his way out he sees a man wearing a tank top who goes to the room he just left, he thinks its a client and continues to the stairs.
Dean nods and holds his hand and kisses his cheek before they start walking in search of the others.
Dean nods. “I just hope this has to do with Ben.” He opens the shoe box and inside he can see some origami figures, a cell phone, a memory card, and a gun.
“I think we can get them and also a bunch of others since the tree isn’t exactly small and I think it will look nice if everyone adds something they like.” Sam tells him before he sees some gold spheres.
Cas sees a spot on the shoulder where a car can park, he also sees some footprints that are most likely to belong to the killer. He keeps moving and sees some tire marks that must be from the killer´s car.  “Seems I have everything.” He removes the glasses and puts away the glove before he starts to go back to the primary crime scene but on his way down he slips and barely manages to not fall on his face. Just as he is about to go, the lieutenant approaches his.
It was raining as Anna drives to the Cross Road motel, she is driving her new bike and parks in front of the main office, She removes her helmet and walks inside. She hopes that if she is away from her apartment, she will finally be able to sleep for the whole night, she hates having insomnia and needs sleep, also maybe that way she can think clearer and try to find a new story for the newspaper where she works.
“If the weather forecasts are right...less than 72 hours.” Castiel grabs his things. “That´s all, I have to say today.”
Uriel nods but doesn't look convinced. “Alright, that's all the questions I have for now. You're free to go, Mr. Winchester. We'll continue to look for Ben overnight. We'll contact you if we have any more questions or new information.” He stands up and grabs his notebook.
“I love you, dad…” Ben smiles a little before he moves to cuddle with his teddy bear and falls asleep.
“Cool, maybe Gabe and I can tag along? We can meet at the park once I get done with a client and Gabe is only going to his candy shop to check the inventory.”
He stops at the door and turns to look at her. “I don´t exactly feel lucky, doc.” With that, he leaves and makes his next appointment.
Gadreel nods. “I have lost someone too and I know how hard it can be…Henry” he adds having seen his tag with his name.
“Gabe… we found some clues… Dean went to investigate..I´m staying at a motel. I will send you the address just make sure none is following you. I don´t have a good feeling about this but Dean won´t go to the police and someone needs to watch his back.”
“So, this is how normal people celebrate Christmas? “Jack asks as they start to walk in search of the perfect tree.
Kelly nods. “It is in a drawer in the living room next to the couch. You can have it. I'm sure it's more useful to you than to me.”
Castiel walked into the room that was full of LEO´s and places his files on a table before looking at them. “I was asked to help make a profile of the killer so here it is: The killer is white, aged between 30 and 45. He doesn't act on impulse but plans his crimes in a very meticulous fashion. He doesn't have anything personal against the victims. That's why he covers their faces with mud, to make them anonymous.”
“Same as always, Sammy. But the good thing is that this is my weekend. I´m on my way to pick Ben from school and tomorrow we are going to the park since he gets bored by staying in the house all day.”
He keeps looking at his watch before he stands up and walks to the receptionist. “He should be done soon, I said around 20 minutes.”
Castiel steps back. “I´m here to arrest a serial killer. With all due respect, Captain, the rest, it´s none of my business, I do my job and you do yours.”
“I know… hey why don´t you go shower and I fix us some breakfast?” he suggests since he doesn´t know what else they can do, the police said they would keep them informed about the investigation and Lisa returned but hasn´t shown up at Dean´s place.
Dean curses and he smashes the GPS and grabs the key, he moves and wipes some sweat mixed with blood from his forehead as he tries to see and open the compartment. He grabs the memory card and crawls away once he manages to kick the door open. He hears the sirens approaching, he walks towards the forest limping a little.
“Did Shaun have any particular difficulties, Mr. Winchester? Anything that might have caused him to run away?”
He starts to speed up and finally merges with the traffic, he uses all his abilities as he drives dodging cars, some barely avoiding him. He continues to drive and hears the cops but he doesn't dare look back and finally after what seems like an eternity he hears the GPS telling him he has reached his destination and congratulation. He turns the car and it goes over the barrier, the car flips and he barely has time to recover.
He greets the man behind the counter, who looks to be around 40. “Good evening, sir. How can I help you?”
“Damn, you really are committing to the whole dinner thing,” Sam said walking into the kitchen and seeing all the bags.
“I made them the old way.” The owner of the stand says. “I also have some made of wood in case you are interested in changing styles.”
“Time for bed, kiddo.” He said when it was almost 9:30. Ben nodded and went upstairs to his room; he used the bathroom to change and wash his teeth before laying down. “Wait, I need Mr. Cuddles!”
Ben nods as it starts to drizzle. He picks up his backpack. “I remember when things were different, Dad, when Emma was still alive. Sometimes I wish everything were as it was before... ”
“Mrs. Kline, It is me, Gadreel, we talked on the phone! ” he calls as he walks through the small kitchen where he can see mostly things for the baby and an old newspaper. He keeps calling and in the living room, he sees a piece of paper on the floor. He leas down and picks it.
Dean was getting tired of his life, he was a country singer and made his way around the country playing at different seedy bars. When he had started it had been fun, he got to meet a lot of people and got to sleep with some of his few fans but now that he was getting older, he started to realized he needed something else, he was getting ready for his next concert at “The Roadhouse”, he was going to take a break after this show.
Dean takes the time to appreciate that his son is feeling happy and it's because of him. He waves a few times before he turns around and he gets a bit dizzy, he knows the feeling its what happens before he has a blackout, suddenly everything goes dark and he remembers shouting for Ben.
“I asked for the money!” the thief moves closer o the desk as Henry tries to talk to him by telling him that he won´t give him the money. And manages to see Gadreel walk with a bottle that he intended on breaking on the thief but the heard him and turns to point the gun at him.
“When are you leaving?” His best friend asked knowing this day would come since Dean had told him that his father wanted and had forced him to join the army.
Sam nods. “We need to go to the police, Dean and I know you don´t want to but we need to tell Lisa about this.”
Henry shakes his head. “It´s on the house… and you know? When my boy disappeared I received a letter with a locker key inside… and I went to the locker and I found this box.” He hands him the box after going to the back. “I didn´t understand but now I think it was a sort of message from the man that took my son from me.”
Dean wakes up and goes to see the calendar, today is Tuesday and he has his weekly appointment with his shrink at 1, after that he will go and pick for Ben up from school since Lisa is out on a work trip so he gets to have his son for the whole week. He has already made some plans for them to try and bond with him.
“Sambo, you go with him, I´m going to stay here in case Ben arrives or someone calls.” Gabriel stayed at the door.
He looks around and sees the seesaw that's empty and remembers when he was a kid ad he enjoyed playing with Sam. He smiles and looks at his son. “Hey! It´s been a long time since I played in one of this, what you say we give it a try?”
Dean chuckles a little. “I know but this is the first time we actually have a place and we need to celebrate, Cas. Now let´s hurry before we find traffic.”
Castiel looks at the conference room and decides to stay and watch for a little while, he stands near the door so he can leave without anyone else noticing. He sees that there is a lot of reporters from local news but he can also see a small bunch from nationwide news. The captain walks into the room and starts the press conference and then mentions the name of the kid that had been found and that it had been found in a wasteland in the East End at around 6:30 a.m, five days after he was reported missing. There had been an autopsy but it wasn´t done yet so he would give more details the next day but it would seem that he drowned. That the police were working around the clock to find the murderer as soon as possible and if anyone got any questions. At that Castiel made his way to back to the receptionist, as he was leaving he heard a reporter ask about the profiler from the FBI, he didn't hear the answer.
“Okay… you can watch TV for a few minutes and then is bedtime.” He stood up and starts to wash the dishes.
“My wife and I have been separated for the last six months. But Ben would not have gone off without telling his mother or me. He would at least call his uncles.” He gestures towards Sam.
The next day, he went to work and left early since he had permission from his boss, Bobby, to pick Ben from school and not to come back to work. He was on his way when Sam called him.
“Oh, I know who you are talking, third door, last door on the left.” He said before going back to his newspaper.
They finally arrived at the farm and there were already several cars parked and families were getting out wearing their coats and mittens before entering the place where they could select their tree and there was the option of cutting it by themselves or having an employee do that. There were also stands with hot chocolate and gingerbread cookies along with a small Christmas market where they could buy ornaments or winter clothes.
Dean nods and thanks him before offering to pay and find out that he had already paid and he chuckles saying he had forgotten that. He waves and rides the elevator to the third floor and then looks at all the cars, he frowns since he doesn't know which is his car. He looks down at the keys and decides to press the unlock button, he grins as he can see a car whose lights light up. It´s a red Pontiac Sunfire. He starts to look for the next clue, he looks under the seats and the glove compartment which is locked but only fins a GPS. He decides to set it up and turn it on.
Cas frowns as he follows Dean to the garage of the bunker. “I still don´t understand why we need to cut a tree, Dean. We can get an artificial one.”
“How far are you prepared to go to save someone you love?” Sam reads next to him as he looks at the screen then the picture changes:
Sam shakes his head as he gets in the passenger seat. “I think this is the first time you actually wake up early without complaining.”
“He disappeared…the day after Nick… I don't know what happened to him. Maybe he couldn't take it. ” Kelly looks at her drawer. “Ever since then I have to take care of Jack on my own and I couldn't do it anymore.”
Uriel sits on the table that is in the room. “What about the voices, Jimmy? Do you still hear the voices?” he approaches him trying to intimidate him. “We know who talks to you, don't we, Nathaniel? Oh, we both know who talks to you.”
Cas nods at that and after talking with the detective who he found to be a bit rough he went to the place where the body was. He takes out his AI glasses and a glove. He had been given them as part of a pilot program where the FBI had developed a set of a right-handed glove that allows the person to physically interact with ARI´s interface and the environment and the glasses allows the user to enhance the world, by detecting and recording information from the environment, This way the person could stream information via sensors in the glove, allowing research on things such as blood type, shoe size, etc. Also by giving commands one can save or overwrite notes and review the data at any place or time.
“What? I searched the whole neighborhood for him. I thought he couldn't have gone far. That´s why I didn't report it before.”
“Yes but the killer has kidnapped another boy around 10, like your son, Josh. I have four days before the police find his body in a wasteland.” Gadreel tries to reason with the man.
Gadreel nods and makes his way to the las aisle, he spots at the corner a selection of aspirins and reads the prices before grabbing the cheapest one.  As he is selecting one the bell from the store rings and a man wearing a beanie and jacket walks in, he ignores the cashier and walks making sure the store is empty, he doesn't see Gadreel at the back.
Sam sighs and stares at his brother. “I want to find him as much as you do… fine you have 24 hours. I will meet you back here, I´m sure Gabe will understand.”
“Oh, it´s a present we offer our new lieutenants. We have the same model each year for the past twenty years for each promotion. It optimizes everybody´s time and it's the kind of thing that always goes down well. You can contribute to our fund if you like, we're still a few dollars short.”
Sam sighs as he goes to search for some pills he has in his bag and returns to see Gabe cleaning Dean’s face and hands.
“Puff, it’s going to be fun! And I bet Cassie will love it.” He winks at him. “Might give you brownie points.”
“Someone is eager,” Dean said and without warning took Castiel´s cock in his mouth. Castiel moved his hands to grip his hair and make him take him deeper.
Castiel picks up two folders. “Two suspects whose psychological profiles might and can be connected to the 'comfort' zone. I'd like to question them.”
“Thanks. I need some sleep and I will be as good as new and go on the search of the second clue.” Dean starts to close his eyes.
Gadreel accepts defeat and turns around walks to the door before he remembers something. “Do you sell aspirins?, I don't want to leave empty-handed.”
Sam opens the door as he carries a brown box with groceries. “There´s like a dozen reporters outside, Dean!” he walks to the kitchen and leaves the things on the table.
He waits at the desk for an employee but none comes so after a few more minutes he decides to go to the back where he spots a man working under a green VAN. He stops next to him.
“Yeah, I think Ben will like that. Well, I’m getting in the car, talk later, bro.” Dean said and ends the call, he is halfway to the elementary school when it starts to rain. He sighs and parks before getting out an umbrella. He waits for Ben, who spots him and greets him.
“It´s on.” He smiles and starts to push him and runs as he gains speed. Ben tells him to go faster and soon Dean stands to the side watching his son laugh and enjoy it before it stops and he feels a bit dizzy. Dean stops him before he can fall down. “Having fun?”
Uriel ignores him and grabs Jimmy by the top of his shirt. “You killed them, didn't you, Nathaniel? Are you gonna confess, you bastard?” he then kicks Jimmy over and the other falls on the floor.
“I understand.” Gadreel sits next to her. “Did your husband say anything before he disappeared?I mean, did he leave a note or something?”
Henry closes the box.“Please take the box. It didn´t help me to safe my son but maybe it will help you find the other boy…”
A young cop, named  Ash asks a question. “Why does he kill them if he doesn't have anything against them?”
“He was a good kid, he sometimes got into fights with other kids because they called me a…. A whore… I think he knew what it meant and what I did for a living.”
Dean leaves the door ajar and goes downstairs, he rubs his neck as he turns on the TV just to see that they had found the body of the missing kid near some train tracks, the police had also found some orchids and an origami figure, this proved that the origami killer had done it. It was an open investigation from what he had heard, and this was the 8th kid that had gone missing and then found like that. He sighs and goes to the kitchen for a bottle of beer hoping it would help him sleep and not wander around in the rain, sometimes he hates the weather here when its rainy season it sure is. Raining every day, nonstop
“I’m going to slice you to ribbons later,” Sam whispers sad and broken into his ear.  How dare he leave for so long?
time, when they hoped to kill Lucifer.  They knew magic would be gone from men by now.  Nothing comes without cost.  That was the price they paid – their magical gifts.”
“Be that as it may…” Michael runs a finger across his throat.  Dean slams his head into the pillows.
“Oh, I see.  So that’s your true desire?  Maybe I don’t need to be in you at all, hmmm?” Cas’s voice is a rumble beside his ear.  “Maybe I just watch you whack off?”
She shakes her head before they both can hear the cries of the baby. She moves to stand up but Gadreel stops her. “You need a bit of rest, Mrs. Kline.”
“Yes, Sir… Well, all the victims were drowned in rainwater. The killer kills only in the fall when there is plenty of rain. It could be that he puts them in some sort of well or a tank that is open to the sky and that fills up with rainwater. The more it rains, the less time the victim has to live...” He looks around the room before he continues. “Then I studied the geographical distribution of the murders. Generally, a killer commits his first murder near to where he lives - so he has a safe place to flee to if any complications arise. The more confident he becomes, the further he roams from his base. By analyzing the locations where the victims disappeared, I was able to isolate a zone where the killer might live.”
It´s the middle of the night and its raining when Gadreel parks and gets out of his old car, a beige Peugeot 505 from 1981 and goes into the building where he knows Lilith White lives, she is the mother of one of the murdered kids. He is glad that since it´s past midnight, there are no other cars parked. He walks to the clerk. “I´m looking for Lilith White”
“Thanks for looking out after my baby.” She sits on the bed and looks at him. “I didn´t want to leave her… it´s just that I couldn't cope anymore… Just not having Nick around…he was such a good child…”
Dean sighs and nods as he rubs his neck, he had messed up a bit but he was sure he could make up for it. He looks up when he hears thunder. “Ben, I think we should go since it´s going to rain soon.”
He sits down and around 5 minutes later Pamela Barns opens the door and lets him in. “Take a seat, Dean. Today we are going to start a bit different, I want to do a test, its  called Rorschach test, I´ll show you some pictures and I want you to tell me what do you see, don´t think too much, just tell me the first thing you that comes to your mind.”
Castiel doesn´t say anything as he goes to look around the apartment. He sees the bathroom that is mostly clean, then he walks to what is supposed to be the master bedroom but instead there's a big crucifix and candles. He also notices that the windows have been covered and the walls have passages from the bible written all over. He profiles the man and frowns cuz nothing of what he is seeing matches with the profile of the origami killer and he also doesn't like that they entered into a building without a warrant.
Ben looks up at him and thinks about it before he nods smiling a bit as he goes to one edge and sits down. Dean waits and soon both of them are having fun on the seesaw. Dean grins before he stays down and teases his son about how he won´t be coming down for a while. Ben giggles at that and asks to be let down and after a while, Dean finally agrees. He looks around for another thing they can do together and points to the merry-go-round. “Oh! I bet I can push you so hard you will want to throw up.”
Sam looks torn at that, he doesn´t want to lose his brother but understands that losing Emma really hurt his brother and then the shit with Lisa. “I don´t like it but… okay, Gabe and I can help you”
He is halfway to the stairs when he hears screaming from the room and he goes to investigate. As he gets closer he hears thing breaking and how Lilith is shouting in pain. He being one to protect the others opens the door and tries to stop the other man, he is thrown onto the table and does his best to get away from him and finds a bottle which he breaks and uses as a weapon but the other man is a bit faster. He is thrown on the floor and he dodges to the side before he makes the other fall and hits him on the face. The man leaves when he realizes that he isn't winning the fight. He stands up and cleans his face before he looks around.
Dean lived in a small village with his brother, Sam Winchester. Their parents had died when they were young, so Dean had to take care of Sam for the last few years. He worked as a farmer and would go to the next town to sell their vegetables or milk. Today it was market day, so Deamakeske sure to have everything ready before he left.
Dean went to one of the weekend parties with Castiel and they were in the backyard drinking some beers.
Ben nods as he goes to drink some water from his backpack and he looks at one corner of the park. “Can I have gummy bears?”
He arrives at the train station and stops in his tracks, he has been avoiding large crowds since he woke up from his coma, he closes his eyes to relax. He looks around and notices that the locker room is on the other side of the building which means he will have to walk between the crowd. “You can do this, Dean.” He whispers as he takes a deep breath and starts to make his way slowly. He flinched a little as some of the people passing by bump into him.
“Yeah, babe..” Sam ends the call an sighs. He will need time off from work if he wants to help his brother so he goes to his office to get everything ready.
The next day, Cas and Dean made their way to the festival after telling Sam they were only going put on a date and not to the festival cuz who wanted to go around noon?
Gabriel smirks at that. “Sure, he needs to go outside and have some fun, besides it would also be fun to see his face and reaction to some of the traditions.”
Dean walks after parking Sam´s car and he grabbed an umbrella to cover use as it had been raining. He walks and tries to ignore the people that are walking in the opposite direction as him. He finally spots the address on the other side of the street, so he walks to the corner and waits before crossing and walking back to the garage.
The bunker was no exception to this since the monsters and everything else seemed to be taken a holiday, Sam and Dean figured they should take advantage of that and actually decorate the place and celebrate Christmas without the fear of one of them dying in the near future.
After that, they both start to walk to the car, on their way there they pass by the carousel and Ben asks him if he can ride on it.
“Those are nice, come we need to find some more before we try that chocolate, and then we can go home, as much as I´m enjoying this, my feet are starting to freeze.”
Cas nodded and goes to the stand where he gets a set of the bee ornaments and pays using the card Dean had given him.
Castiel blinked a little and stood up leaving his empty cup on the trunk they were sitting and let Dean placed his hands on his waist and
“How could Shaun have disappeared without you even noticing? Weren't you right by the carousel?” Urial asks as he looks at Castiel for a second before focusing back on the father.
Castiel nods and looks at him and maybe it was the alcohol or simply the idea that Dean might never come back but he got some courage. “You will owe me a dance.”
Sam waits until he is done reading and grabs the envelope and a ticket from the train´s station looker room slips on the table. “What do you think this means?”
“What would Jessica think if she saw you?” Gadreel takes a step in his direction. “Ask your self, what would happen to her if things went wrong?” he slowly walks and stops near him. “I want you to slowly lower your gun and put it away and leave, I´m sure my friend and I will forget about what just happen and you will have earned a second chance no to fuck up your life. What do you say?”
“Boss, we're wasting our time with this bullshit. The killer is out there somewhere, we've got to get off our asses and find him!” Uriel moves to face Zachariah.
Gadreel thanks him and grabs the box before he leaves. He goes to his apartment to think about the figures, they don´t make any sense.
He reaches for a glass of water before he actually answers. “I feel like I´m dead as if when Emma died, I did too... When that car showed up from nowhere and ran into us…”
Gadreel steps back and raises his arms. “Hey kid, don´t panic. We just need to stay calm…nobody here wants to hurt you. We just need to be cool about the situation and everything will be alright.”
Gadreel heard that since he was the only customer in the store and slowly starts to walk in the back aisle trying not to make any noise so he won´t alert the thief.
That catches his attention enough to turn and look at me.  We stare at each other a long while, I manage to hold my ground,
“Huh.”  Off in the distance, is Lucifer’s palace though.  I couldn’t be happier to see it.  There’s a road that winds up to it.  Gabriel starts off in that direction.  “What do you think you’re doing?”
I do the best I can, there's a lot of preamble that doesn't make much sense, and some stuff I'm going to have to ask Lucifer about.  It does pull me in though, this Archer guy is a good writer, and while it is a book of prophecy, it's also a journal.  He throws in bits about his life.  He and Roark were buddies.  Wait no, not buddies.
Dean won’t deny that.  He’s still trying to master the ten days.  He wants to be able to make it to the fourteen days as per Dreyous’s advice and, “I’m waiting for you as long as I can.”
He smiles briefly and it fills me with so much fucking hope.  Everyone has their God value, the thing, or being they worship beyond all others, mine is Sammy.  “It isn’t.”
When it’s just us, I feel like there are a thousand things I want to say, a million memories flood to my mind and I picture Sammy on the happiest days of his life, rather than caught up in this fucking mess, trying to claw back his sanity one moment at a time.  “I wanted to give you all the best days of your life Sammy.  I’m sorry.”
His eyes darken, and the mood gets intense.  He takes a deliberate step up toward the porch, instinctively I step back.  "No.  Stay," he says.
The angel Gadreel has taken over this town, and from what Boyd and I gathered from our intel, the people seem happy, grateful even that the angel took over.  They worship him.  I suppose I get it—there aren't many  places, at least not many safe ones.  Most of everything was destroyed at the start of the war.
Cas turns to go and we’re leaving before we’ve even had a chance to get to know the place.  I quite like it here if anyone wants to know and I think a few of the ladies have the hots for me.  When he notices me looking back, he yanks on my wrist.  “You belong to me, Dean.  I shouldn’t have to remind you.”
He thought it proper, a formal sort of thing for dinner.  In any case, I knew not to argue, or complain.
I’ve already done it and my brain’s reward centers want the only thing I’ve been looking forward to all day.  I nod, he jerks me off, it’s awesome, I lie awake shame-filled with his cock in the crease of my ass until I fall into a fitful sleep.
“Boundaries, Lucifer.  I said no.  I’ve had enough help from you.  Hit the road.”  Sam hates being mean, even to this guy but he’s really starting to piss Sam off.
I’m assaulted by two hundred and twenty pounds of angel and we land hard on the ground.  He kisses me frantically and starts tugging at my travel pants.  I don’t need to be told twice.  I help out by working on his pants.  When our pants are off, Cas is kissing me at the same time he’s pushing into me with his cock and my ass is already responding, dripping with the magic insta-lube.
I can already feel his energy pulling away from me and it doesn’t feel good; it feels dark and cold.  His affections have become balm on psychological wounds he created.  I get a rush of mild panic knowing I’ve displeased him.  “No.  You can trust me.  I-I’m sorry.”
Dean parks baby and walks with Cas seeing the different stands, some offer food and others different products for the house and also clothes, they go to the end and see a small area that’s being used to hold a gingerbread house competition. He paid for the skates and while they are walking on the mat he is doing okay while Cas is apparently having no troubles.
Dean swallows the pills and thanks both before he looks at them. “I followed the damn clues… fuck!” he complains as he lays down. “I followed the clues… I had to pick a car and then did some driving but I flipped the car, good thing my belt protected me somehow… Turn on the phone.”
Andrew lowers the gun slowly and leaves the store. Henry relaxes once Andrew left and he thanks Gadreel. “Thanks if you hadn´t been here, I don´t know what would have happened.”
“If something happens to me, I need you, both to continue and save Ben… please. I couldn't save Emma but I can save Ben.” He said almost crying.
Sam nods and watches as his brother leaves the motel. He sighs before putting everything in the box and he calls his boyfriend.
“The teacher was angry cuz I was late again. She said that if it happens again she will have to send me back home.”
Dean grabs the phone and puts it in his jeans before looking at his brother. “That´s our answer man, I´m going. Keep this with you and don´t let anyone see it, got it?”
“I see… well, agent, why don´t you go see Donna? She will show you to your office and if you want you can check-in at the press conference if you are interested, it´ll give you an idea of the political climate around here.” He doesn´t wait for an answer and walks to a room, leaving Castiel there in the lobby.
Later that day, Castiel and Uriel made their way to the place where the first suspect was. It was in a bad zone. Castiel sighs as he stops at the apartment door and knocks a couple of times. “No answer. We've wasted our time coming here.”
Sam nods and looks finally at the woman. “Thanks for helping him, I can handle it from here.” He doesn't wait for her answer and closes the door.
Castile was in the bunker resting after their latest hunt, he was still a bit weak after the fall. He found a box in the library that had a lot of old comic books and that Dean had called “invaluable” because they were first editions, he had been reading one and had made the connections to some of the pop culture references that Dean would sometimes make.
Sam was ready to scold his brother but the mention of the phone stops him and turns it on, he sees the video of Ben. “Dean! We need to take this to the police, they can track the video or something.”
“Well excuse us for never actually celebrating and we didn’t have anything,” Dean said opening a beer and offers on to Sam who shakes his head.
The cop frowns. “You say you took your son to the park after school. But you didn't report him missing until 8:15. Why did it take you so long to contact the police?”
Dean sighs and texts Sam to tell him he is using another car and where he parked his car before starting the ignition and following the directions from the GPS. It takes him to a deserted highway and he frowns as he sees that it asks him to drive against the current traffic while it's raining. He grips the steering wheel as he listens to the voice.
He arrived at the motel first and waited in their room, a few minutes later Dean arrived, and he started to get undressed like he usually did. Once in his boxers, he moved to kiss Castiel who eagerly kissed back and moaned softly as he felt Dean grinding against his hips. Dean gently pushed him on the bed and started to remove his clothes, he stopped at the zipper before he used his lips to lower it, Castile watched with lustful eyes.
He leaves his house and goes to work before Bobby sends him off. He drives his baby, one of the few things he still has, and tries to stay in a good mood. He finally arrives at the building and parks before going up the stairs to the econ floor and informs the secretary about his arrival
Dean walks and sees Cas before he goes wraps his arms around his waist. “Hey… what have you got there?”
“No, no, now is a perfect time. I just have to get a press conference. Ever since the first kid was found, we have had to have them every day. And most of the time there's nothing new to tell them, is difficult to plan these things and fortunately today we do have something to say. Have you met Lieutenant Ward?”
“Hey… Cas. It’s a place where people go and there are competitions and… stuff... you know what… maybe we can go tomorrow?” Dean asks as he realizes he is doing a poor job of explaining the festival to his angel.
The cop nods and goes to the construction site next door. Uriel starts to walk to the place where the body is. He tells Castiel that a man earlier that morning had gone out with his dog and had found the body and from the things found so far it seemed to be another victim of the origami killer.
“You don´t want to shoot anyone, I know we can fix this in a different way, my name is Gadreel, what´s your name?”
“He said he was stuck in traffic, sir.”The cop explains before looking for a way out to go and get news about the coroner.
Sam texts him back saying his house is the same but they can meet at the crossroads motel. Dean nods and goes to a near motel where he gets a room. He locks the door and closes the curtains before leaving the box on a small table. He looks at it not wanting to open it yet. There is a knock a while later.
Dean gets the full, promised, ten.  “Ow!  Ow!  Ooooouch!” Dean cries out at three in a row, but he manages to stay in position.  Tears sting his eyes, because this particular cane is really stingy and the sensation reverberates through his body.
But since Dean was allowed to touch his cock of need be, he allowed himself to indulge in a thing that turned him on
I nod.  Instinctively, I curl into him.  Whether I like it or not, he’s as much my source of comfort and even affection, as he is horror and pain.  “I’m sorry, Luci.”  I’m not sure what I’m apologizing for.
slave, the one who demands his Master come home from a demon war to visit with him but it’s been a month and a half and dungeon life’s wearing on him.
I can't deny he's right though, and he makes sense.  Getting beat up doesn't affect me like I've seen it affect others.  This is not to say there's no effect.  It's just, rather than psychologically traumatize me, I've merely grow a healthy respect, just like one would with a grizzly bear.  However, this level of physical battering is not conducive for the road, and it's not doing much to instil good behaviour from me when it's, so often.  Not the true surrender kind of thing Cas is talking about.
It was his problem.  And another problem: denying that Cas is his captor.  Even though Cas makes things clear, Dean doesn’t in his mind.  The word “Master,” could simply be exchanged for “Friend,” with how little reverence Dean puts into the word.  He kneels when Cas enters the room but he’s going through the motions.  They’re what he has to do.  It’s not real for Dean even if he’s living it.  Who wouldn’t do the same in his position?
Dean groaned again.  “Are you suggesting that I wear a ‘stimulator’ too?”  He gulped down the rest of his mead.
"Now that bit of unpleasantness is out of the way, tell me what you'll do when I'm gone.  I already know you'll miss me."
Sven passes Ollan to Dean and Dean’s heart wants to burst.  Ollan’s face is pink with a complexion that must be a cross between Tann’s sandy-brown and Clark’s peach.  His eyes are closed, and he’s wrapped tightly, but Dean can see the tuft of dark hair poking out.  He looks like Tann.  “He’s beautiful.”
Dean’s a mess trying to say goodbye to his family.  It’s not going well.  He’s shaking with sobs he’s holding back, and the tears flow anyway, silent virtues down his face.  Fire Gramma hugs him tightly and kisses his face.  She gets him to sit in front of her.  “You need a braid and some beads from me,” she says.
Dean doesn’t see the reasoning behind Levi’s departure when he’s going to be spread for him like this.
“I understand it’s not pleasant.  You many need to come up with something to tell yourself so you can bear it.”
He grabs his head.  “Yeah, but I don’t know why.  I was confused.  I was okay until we got close enough to step through and then I suddenly felt like I was going the wrong way, that I was sure that wasn’t the way.”
Sam can’t get into Heaven or the Garrison.  He’s tried.  He could keep trying—chances are he hasn’t tried everything—but how long would that take?  Too long and it’s already been too long.  They’ve spied on the army.  Sam has made a few friends.  Castiel never brings Dean with him, but he was there the last time, briefly, before Castiel returned to annihilate half a demon army.  Yen-Lo told him about it and through her he’d gotten a message to Dean before she was thrown off a cliff.  She was pissed about that.
Daddy helps him peel it off and stick it on the reusable white board next to the wizard sticker he chose earlier that morning he earned from last night and then tousles his hair, proud of him.  Dean is fucking ecstatic.  Next, Daddy gets them both situated at the table, where things go a bit downhill.  Dean’s left to use his hands to eat the breakfast Daddy made for him, while Sammy gets Daddy’s attention, since Daddy has to feed him, Sammy unable to do such things with the mitts on.  “Daddy, you can feed me too?” Dean says.
He hoped with all hope that Cas would bring him up to the dais and fuck him soundly in front of everyone.  It didn’t happen.
"Not from these you couldn't have.  Did you get some rest?" he asks turning serious, and boy am I glad I tried.
Daddy strokes his hard cock, which has already been teased with all the humiliating scenarios from today, it doesn’t take long for it to be leaking.  “Wow, it’s so bad,” Daddy says.  He reaches down to fondle Dean’s balls.
Architect.  Roark.  That’s what Roark did too.  Lucifer’s told me some and I have been reading in one of the books he’s given me.  Most of my reading is stories.  The guy was animated and liked to tell stories.  He doesn’t give a lot of information.  It’s totally infuriating.  Jonathan’s writings are different, with any mentions of magic from him about prophecy rather than the kind of magic Roark speaks of.
Dean freezes when Cas reaches his neck and licks up the side.  He inhales Cas’s scent.  It’s whatever danger smells like and Dean’s arousal peaks.  He’s not going to be able to hold back.  “Tell me, Dean,” Cas says in his ear.  “Have you been a good boy?”
Sammy.  Still too brilliant for his own good and mine.  That’s a fucking hard one.  Sammy’s my job.  My responsibility.  What happens to him will always be my fault.  How do I let go of all that?  But if it means he’ll stop blaming himself, I’m down for making the commitment.  “Okay, Sammy.  We let go together.  I don’t imagine it’s going to be easy, but we commit right now, and we work on that.  We do whatever it fucking takes.”
No one’s all that friendly.  They must know who he is.  There are probably others like Gadreel who are still sore about the murder spree he went on.  The halls from Cas’s quarters are barren (fancy with no one around) but further away, it’s a busy mass of humans and angels.
“But there’s a side effect.  A few.  They don’t mix well together.  We’ve been countering one of the effects with the amerde potion—”
Cas leans over, his scent of man sweat and cologne seeps into Dean, along with is husky voice.  “Loosen your dressing-cloak from the waist and open the front flap wide.  I want everyone to see our unborn youngling within you and how aroused you are without having come all this time.”
"So help me Dean, if I have to waste a grace use making you do as I ask, you will regret it.  Your hand.
"I won't pay it.  I won't release him, so you'll have to kill me.  Father wouldn't be opposed to me acting in self defence."
Instead of demanding Dean get on his knees—he should have been kneeling the moment he encountered Cas on the training field, the real field the only exception—he grips Dean behind the neck and pulls him in for a kiss that makes Dean’s heart race so that maybe he’ll be meeting an early grave this moment.  Dean stares, bewildered, when Cas pulls away.  For a moment he believes Cas’s religious dogma but once he shakes off the kiss he remembers how insane Cas is.  “I want to be gifted.”
When Dean finishes his stew and mead, he carries on with his mission for sex.  Maybe he’ll visit Gabriel.  They have yet to have their first time.  Dean knows Gabriel wants to.  He’s waiting on Dean to give the go ahead.  It would probably be epic.  He knows all about Dean’s proclivity for humiliation and how to press those keys.  Dean also kinda liked the “Daddy” thing.  With Cas, Cas was just fucking with him.  Using it to “humble” him.  Cas prefers Master.  But Gabriel’s the Daddy type for sure.
"I know you didn't.  If you had there would be consequences.  This was because of my own weakness for you."   I would think he would be mad about something like that, but he's not.  He's oddly blissful.
He takes breaks from ‘business’ to play with me throughout the day, edging me over and over until I’m begging him just to take me.  At the end of this day, he clears the room.  “You ready for me, Sammy?”
When it’s over, he’s made to stand same as before, naked and legs spread as he submits himself for the Heaven’s bane.  This time it has him tearing up and he swears the flavor’s changed.  “Is that worse?  It’s like rotting pig’s feet, sir.”
He pauses, looking for any sign Dean might lose control.  “You need to be tamed sexually.  All of that’s going to be regimented with a particular set of rules for you.  It needs to be humbling type sex stuff.  You’ll have to undergo some training in this area and accept mild assistance.  Even if you would have sex with any of us at present, no one’s allowing that with anyone other than Cas or Michael.  They’re the only ones who can contain you if you go Hulk again.”
Not only is it, basically, a super large angel community, but we’re in a whole other dimension.  It’s one thing for something organic and living to pass through dimensions and exist there, but for something like a palace, inorganic, non-living, to be
“I could use someone to make meals.  My last person finally worked off their debt and I had to say goodbye to them.  You can stay if you cook meals for me,” he says to Sam. “We can work out parameters tomorrow.  Feel free to use the bedroom, second door the right.  Dean, you’ll be coming with me.”
“Alpha, please,” Dean says, his voice wavering, eyes darting around the room to see whose watching.  He doesn’t mean to say it, or to behave as he is.  His body is for his alpha’s pleasure, wherever, whenever—he’s just not used to this.  Dean led a sheltered sex life back home in Winchester, Cas’s exhibitionist ways are new.
When Dean is dressed in his ‘big boy’ clothes, he takes his bag with all this big boy stuff down to the kitchen as he was instructed by Daddy, um, Cas.  Is he Daddy, or Cas now?  The man is sitting there, waiting for him, and Dean wants to snuggle into him, rather than go home, but he sits at the table, waiting for Daddy to speak.  Dammit,
Dean scrambles toward the bookshelf by his bed.  He hides behind the blanket he’s holding.  It does nothing, by the way, to shield him from the wrath of an angry fire parent.  “Uh, I’ll be dressed in a second, Pa.”
I watch from my hiding place, until they look like they're finishing up.  Gadreel leaves, Castiel stays to drink back more amber.  Perfect.
"Let's put it this way, you have more to worry about with this angel if you don't drop it.  No angel blades."
All of that sounds worse than anything I could have imagined.  I start to get scared, and lose some of my bravado.   "H-how can that be?  When humans go under water, we drown."
It’s natural for Cas to step in front of Dean.  Alpha’s are protective of their omega’s most of all.
Dean is at home on the field.  He’s already made Corporal; an argument Commander Vass went to bat with Gabriel over.  “No one’s ready for that kind of position that quickly,” Gabriel had said.
and we should get while the getting's good, but I'm barely hearing him.  Castiel's about to set off again,
ever again, missing it, wishing for some modicum of what we used to consider ‘normal’, knowing we’re never going to see it again.
I'm so fucking curious at this odd obsession of his for us to have a goodbye, I look at him with real curiosity.  "Which is?"
I feel like I’m in Lord of the Rings.  We’re admitted through a drawbridge type of deal, once they see we’re three men, one of us incapacitated and decide we’re harmless.  I’m on one side of Dad, Sammy on the other, both of us are gripping a leg and under an arm, as he coughs and spits up blood.
“He may have to be moved at that time.  We have another to give him special training then.  Don’t know what all that will look like yet.  You have your orders, Commander.”
Cas slides a hand into the longer hair at Dean’s crown.  Dean lets him, gripping his strong wrist.  Staring into his sapphire blues.  Pouting.  “May I kiss you, Winchester?”
Dean’s pictured it in all of his dreams.  “I’ve changed my mind.  Eleven days is plenty.  Let’s keep what we have.”
Dean turns to Cas, who can’t look him in the eyes.  Dean opens his mouth several times to say something, but nothing comes out.  He looks at his hands instead.
Sammy’s on his knees – which must fucking hurt in his condition – he’s begging for Lucifer not to send me into the water.
Dean slides his feet against the silk sheets.  His hole’s tender.  He wants Cas—again.  “I want to be forever at your mercy.”
Things aren't good.  The angels won the war for the most part, but there are still some dangerous contenders gone into hiding to regroup.  Human civilization as we knew it is gone.  Disassembled.  But Dean and I have never had any true home for long, except this car, and somehow we've managed to keep it.
, Luci,” I say.  The tears come.  I know enough to know I shouldn’t want to be with him, but that doesn’t change that I do.  I love him.  He’s terrible, but I’m terrible too; we’re reflections of each other.
Soon as I walk up to the gate, he’s there.  Gone are the light robes that confined him from the last time I saw him and in their place, clothes I’m used to seeing Sammy in; a grey pair of sweats and a red t-shirt, a black pair of slides.  His hair is longer and even though I can see some markings poking their way up from the collar of his shirt, they’re nothing more than
the movies?” He sighs like I’m an idiot.  “Buddy wrote a flaw into the plans on purpose, so it could be destroyed.  All
"Ro… mance?  Dean, mating magic is one of the simplest forms of magic, even if it results in something that seems complex.  We don't have to do much else."
Cas says the same about me.  I wonder if it's part of being eligible to mate with an angel?  I nod. "Wait, did you say your mate's name is Josephine?  You're Jo, so..."
He’s so fucking ridged.  Getting the large War General to let go is a feat all its own.  “Yeah.  Yeah, like that.  Play with my balls.”
But, they don't touch me, just form a barrier around me, as they bring me down to the dungeon, where Cas is already back in our cell, lying on his back.  With all the commotion seeing Sam, and the adrenaline of running from fairies, the pull to Cas was a distant hum, but being this close to him again, I'm slammed with the realization that we were apart, and now we're close again.  Being with him is relief.  "Dean?" Cas croaks.
They remain at a weird standoff.  Both reading the other, calculating what they need to do next, knowing the other’s doing the same.  Not how Dean wanted the Winchester family reunion to go but what you gonna do?
Cas twists his lips.  “Hoped you weren’t.  He thinks I should be on the field fighting the war, not training my slave.  He was insistent he could do it.  Michael and I told him you needed me.”
That turns Dean’s stomach as he fiddles with one of the furs on Cas’s bed which is sorta his bed for now while Cas won’t let him out of it.
Even as I am, I know it’s because of how he’s conditioned me even before the bond, the bond merely amplifies everything – the feelings of desire for him and the terrible, uncomfortable feelings of anxiety that appear to sprout up as if from nowhere, making me feel as though I’m suffocating.
“Oh thank the Gods.  I couldn’t leave.  I needed to make sure you two were okay, but I know how important sleep is for you at this time, I didn’t want to wake you.”
“Mostly and in their own dragon way.  Like for instance, I’d call myself his dad, but he thinks I’m his mom.”
I remember what Cas has taught me about being an angel mate in public.  I remain close to him, but two steps behind, as if I'm wearing an invisible leash attached to my collar.  We walk right in, no security to stop us, much like Gadreel's town.  We've come across a few villages like this, since the time we left Gadreel's.
“Amen.”  I should be falling asleep, but I can’t yet.  “You know Cas, maybe we need to bring all the humans here.  That would solve a lot of problems.”
There’s a bit of stress involved.  He can’t go anywhere like he’s used to when he feels such sensations.  His body wants to let go, as the pressure builds, his bladder feeling like a cup that’s filled too full.  He’s actively pinching at end with whatever it is you use to hold pee back.  Dean doesn’t know, but he’s still stopping the flow that way.  It’s hard to get your brain to do the opposite of what it’s been practicing for most of the years of his life.
, a pace I'm not used to with Cas.  He has two speeds; fucking fast, and stupid fucking fast.  I've never seen him like this.   In any case, I'm glad for it.  I am sore, and that's an understatement.  My back feels like it's been rubbed raw with sandpaper.  I wouldn't be able to keep his usual pace.  "So, what did you want to show me?"
pain is.  I have both, physical and emotional, and it wears me to my breaking point.  There's the constant burning ache through my body, the grace I have of Cas's is crying, and trying to claw its way out of me and back to its owner.
Michael nods.  “He had to come around to the idea, that’s all.  Cas never planned to mate.  He has no real use for a slave.”
I reach out and squeeze his little hand.  He’s trying so hard to do something he think his father will deem worthy.  Ever since he blew up Gabriel’s
Can a person die from having their dick stroked?  Because Dean might.  “Keep fucking, sweetheart.  There you go.  Good boy.”
Finally, I can see the person is a he.  He's naked.  With all his skin on display, or what's left of it, I can see every bruise and cut carved into him.  The crowd is shocked into a hush.  No one was expecting this, but like passing by a car accident, every one of us has to see the devastation, and is transfixed with the sight.  I want to know what the fuck is going on.
Gabriel smirks.  “Yeah, that’s how you control a fire fiend but Cas will never deny it’s also a major fetish of his.  Even if it wasn’t necessary, he’d be doing that one to yah.  Sorry kid.  That’s for life.”
He doesn't answer me, continuing on his mission, divesting me of my socks too – which must be gross as I am – and proceeds to rub them.  "Are you—"
Cas isn’t happy with anything at the moment.  Furious, he yanks Dean up, molding him to his body, shielding him from Teleapài like Teleapài might take Dean away.  He burns fire toward her.  “Are either of us infertile?” he demands.
When we finally arrive, it's like Hika tried to tell us.  The whole community is in shambles.  We have to be careful going in, because Lucifer's army is still here, which means he could be too.  I had to send Hika away on a hunt for food, we'd kinda get noticed walking in with a dragon.   I get my hopes up,
“Not exactly, it’s hard to explain.”  Lucifer wants what he wants in the moment.  I always air on the side of caution.
Dean laughs.  “That’s okay, this isn’t formal.  I just wanted to drop that off… and was hoping for a quick cup of coffee?”
Dean squawks as the first spank lands.  Dreyous isn’t messing around.  The smacks are sharp.  Dean squeezes his ass cheeks, arching his back.  His torso peels off Dreyous’s thighs at the shock of pain.  He tries to reach his hands to cover his poor bottom.  “Ow!  Papa.  That hurts.”  If the twins thought this a kid’s punishment, they’re stupid.  It’s definitely a punishment meant for an adult.
As we’re leaving the little village, I remind Cas I’m human.  If I don’t, he’ll run me into the ground.  Not on purpose, he’s not good at knowing my needs. “Cas, you didn’t let me sleep much in that cave and I’ve been running off little food.  I know we’re in a hurry, but I need sleep.”
That’s how Dean chooses to cum.  His dick in Michael’s ass.  Their bodies sliding against the other.  Dean’s lips pressed to Michael’s, sucking his lips—God he tastes good—breathing him in, smiling against his cheek.
Speaking of fun in the sack, there’s been none of that either. Not from lack of wanting to. There’s a lot of flirting between him and Michael which is a nice break from Cas’s intensity. If Cas would just break the fucking seal, Dean would really like to stick his cock in Michael again thanks.
“Go ahead, Sam.  Go rest in the library if you wish.  I’ll have someone fetch you when we’re done here.  Then we head back to the palace.”
I could find a way to safeguard my mind.  Magic is real, maybe there’s something I can use for that?
He pulls back the covers and I follow him into the bed peeved, but when he pulls my naked body against his, cocooning around me, I can't feel anything but relief.  My whole body sighs against him; I could stay like this forever.
“You’re walking on thin ice, Winchester,” Gabriel says.  “You Winchesters.  Always making things complicated.  Always causing shit.”
Dean does and coming releases every bit of tension he was holding onto.  There’s an immediate bit of guilt that accompanies his euphoria, but he remembers that Alpha wanted him to come and doesn’t think any more about it.
Cas captures Dean’s lips in a kiss he didn’t know he needed; he clings to Cas by his wide shoulders.  “Come, Nafas.  An alpha knows when his omega’s emotions are his fault, a good alpha helps him feel secure again.  We’ll start our night now.”
In the middle of so much fucked up, laying here, half-naked with Cas is about the only thing that makes sense to me anyway.
I do without hesitation, but I do it carefully.  Cas feels like a panther ready to strike.  When I'm naked, he strides over to me, and pulls me in for a searing kiss.  I respond without thought, I could kiss Cas for a lifetime.  "Kneel," he says when I pull away.
No way I'm gonna be a good little human about this.  "Is this because of before Cas?  I said I was sorry.  You didn't say anything; I thought I was forgiven.  C'mon, we can sort this out."
“What do you notice?  You’re the one who wanted to help.  So, help.”  Cas leers at me, daring me to complain.
“Careful, Sam.  You’re starting to hurt my feelings. Everyone will benefit with me in charge.  That’s how it works.  Humans bond with angels to help the angels do their job.  Your refusal is this new aged-entitlement I’ve seen everywhere, infesting humanity like those plagues Father sends every hundred years.”
fault, but it's become my responsibility.  It's not right, and it's not fair, but if I always wait around for him to make me feel better, I'm going to be disappointed.  "Yes, my lord."  Still, I cling to him while he's here, soaking up whatever he'll give me.
"No touching," I tell her.  Cas might have a small amount of leniency for Angel Mates like Jo, but Claire is clearly
Getting praise like that from an angel like him might turn out to be better than the sex.  Fuck it, I'm shutting my brain up.  I'll wait here like this long as he wants.  People, feast your eyes.
Even though I'm pissed about a lot of things, I feel a little bad.  Watching the angel Gadreel who's sincerely trying to create peace does something to me inside.  He's still a dick, but he's a dick with a decent purpose.
A thousand feelings swirl within him, all of which he allows to flood toward the angel putting his head on Cas’s shoulder.  “I’m glad you came.”
I don't want to leave Cas, but this is the fairy queen, the Empress whatever.  I can feel the power, and magic peeling off her.  I was too preoccupied with Cas dying to notice before, but now, my skin prickles with her power.
“You don’t have to deprive yourself, Alpha,” Dean says frowning.  “Teleapài said it’s not stressful for me or the baby, to take me even when my balls are full.  I can take it.”  Dean puffs his chest.
When he makes an example of you, everyone feels the awfulness of it, envisioning themselves in your position, renewing their efforts not to wind up like you did.  Equally, if you don’t dance when he tells you to dance, you’re seen as the difficult one,
The only upside to Lucifer inflicting more damage to me than my human body can stand and remain functional, is that he has to heal me if he wants me to do anything else.  He does usually leave me plenty marked up, but this time, he had to heal me and go, so I'm more whole physically than I've been in ages.  I go in search of Jack.
“All right.  You did well.  You can go for the day.  Dawn tomorrow, so get some sleep.  Do not make me retrieve you.”
“I’m fine, Master,” Dean says.  Even though he’s not fine.  He hasn’t seen Sam in years.  Doesn’t know what Sam’s gonna think of him.  Will he get that none of this is his choice and yet he’s gotta do it anyway?  Dean’s desire to fight and rebel his captors has all but gone out like a dying car battery.  Besides, not worth it.  And he only knows that because of how hard he tried in the beginning.
I don’t know why I bother to get worked up.  The punishment is going to happen, I'm going to survive it, life will go on.
The bond between them spikes a brilliant, sunrise sensation in Dean’s chest.  Cas’s eyes are soft when he gazes to Dean’s face, his eyes crinkle in the corners as they do, and Dean admires how his hair’s landed after what must have been multiple times of Cas running his free hand through with sexual frustration.  “I love taking care of you, Nafas.”
I want to collapse at the thought of having to spend the whole night awake socializing, but there's nothing for it.  "Yes, my Lord."
Dean nods.  Cas is struggling though, breathing slow, opening and closing his eyes, gripping the arms of his chair.  Dean would hurry, but then Cas will be concerned over him choking.  He gets an idea.  “You know Alpha, I could sit with you.”  Dean flutters his lashes, blinking green eyes at him.
I get frustrated, once again ending up with more questions than answers.  And like, so typical.  I can hear Dean’s voice in my head.
They’re quiet now.  The mood has shifted into something dark.  Hollow.  Dean wants to fill the hollow.  But it’ll be too much for Cas and Dean would rather have him here like this than not at all.  “So, I have a new Dad?” he says, changing the subject.
“I think that’s a fine name,” Daddy says helping him up.  “And a lot better than whatever naughty thing you dreamed up.
I can feel myself slipping away again, as I hate myself for being stupid enough to talk to him like I did.
“A magical recipe is no different than one you use for baking muffins.  You can substitute ingredients at will,” he says.
“Stop it.”  He turns Dean’s chin up.  “That isn’t up to you.  Besides, if you’re going to suffer, it’ll be because of something I do to you.”  Cas smirks and kisses him some more.
Dean positions himself where I instruct, and I head to just the right spot away from him with my large branch.  I show him how to slot the branch in just so.  "On my count, pry it up, and toward that side," I say pointing to where I want the tree to go.  With a bit of grunting and groaning, we get the big tree moving.  It takes a few goes to move it out of our path, but we do it.
And then one day something shifts inside me.  It feels like when the clouds part after the rain, you're still drenched, fucking rained-on-soaked, but there's lightness that feels like hope.  I know what that means, and I pop out of bed, even though I haven't slept, and run down the fucking stairs and to the porch.
As usual, Dean is right.  It did give me something to watch that – a piece of that normalcy from the
“You did my alpha.  You did.  They really need to help you too, or they get insulted,” Tann whispered.
"All right, all right.  Jeez."  I close my eyes and he runs fingers through my hair.  Somehow, even with all the pain in my body right now, it manages to feel like I'm in heaven.  "Cas, you're not going anywhere, are you?"  I need him right now.
Dean almost gives his token ‘yes alpha’ and turns to go, but the War Major in him stands up.  “Alternatively, would you be all right with Sam coming for a visit, Alpha?”
We’ve had our moments, like when Cas would return to Dr. O’Malley’s, embrace me and then fuck me over the porch rail, but overall, I’m never sure if Cas wouldn’t rather be rid of me. Right now, with him wrapped around me like he is, I almost think he cares beyond losing a perfectly good mate. I feel a world better, molded to him like this. Cas might often be the cause of my pain, but he’s still the safest place there is in my opinion.  “What do you think happened, Cas?”
For the first time in my recollection, Cas looks honestly tired.  Maybe angels can reach a point of exhaustion.  Whatever he is, it’s kinda hot.  Without his trench coat on, he’s left in his white button-up shirt and slacks, his blue tie fixed around his neck.  The sleeves are rolled up and he looks like a man just arriving home from a long day at the office, only instead of a briefcase, he’s got two dead birds in his hand, the blood from which have left scuffs along his stark white shirt.
It's amazing how long the guy can hold a grudge.  "You don't behave.  Why can't you just behave, and obey me, without driving me to discipline you, so often?"
While all of this is happening, I feel my body start to burn and I scream.  “Sam.  Sammy?  C’mon now.  We’re almost there.  Hang on, just
"I thought we could get to know one another before we start, son.  Mind coming to help me in the garage, and we can chat?"
“No.  But I’ve learned to accept all of it and Sam?  There’s no place I’d rather be.  You believe me don’t you?”
Shit still doesn’t add up though.  I just don’t see Cas with a munchkin tagging along after him.  Would totally cramp his style.  Also, poor kid having to live with Cas.  “How long has the kid been alive?”
By the time I’m downstairs, there’s breakfast for me by way of the small animal fair Cas found me last night.  A couple of rabbits; poor buns.  Cas even lets me cook them and stow some away in my pack for later.
His voice wavers on the words, and Jo sees through him.  “I’m so sorry, your highness.  I’m sure the Gods will bless you with a little one soon.”
"I'm glad you remember.  I hope that was worth it.  Be sure to include this transgression in your prayers tonight."
Sam rolls his eyes.  “You don’t have to be so religious about it.”  But Dean can tell Sam likes that thought.
makes things easier for him in the long run.  “People won’t be following my rule because of coercion, like with Father and his entitlement, they’ll follow me because I’ll give them something to believe in they can’t refuse.”
Standing there, in a khaki trench coat is an angel that looks like the destroyer of worlds.  I assume this must be
He’s totally transformed.  There’s life in my brother again.  He’s not who he was before Lucifer took him.  Sure he’s got bits of the Sammy I used to know, but he even
"I do understand that, but it's not the point.  Maybe this is beyond human understanding?" he says really pondering it.  "There are laws of the universe Dean, and they must always be upheld.  They are not pure laws, like the ones humans think they can live by, sometimes they are ugly, but they must be enforced.  It's why angels must enforce these rules – only they are made for such things."
“Wow, yeah.  My dick is so much better,” Dean says, as he dresses.  His cock is hard but manageable.
When Dean wakes up the next morning, and he’s in a mood.  Above him is a mobile with teddy bears and he decides he doesn’t like freaking teddy bears.  He looks to his right, to see the bars.  He’s in his crib, because that’s where Daddy decided he would sleep last night.  “You’re too little to be in such a big boy bed,” Daddy had said to him.
Cas taps his collar.  “And if your Winchester stubbornness kicks in, I’ve got this.  I can’t promise you won’t end up in the dungeon again or that I won’t send you there myself depending on how you disobey me—"
“If not, they could walk right out of here and it would take them back to the plane we come from.  Technically, the palace is there too, you just can’t see it.”
“The bond is still settling for me, and I do find you pleasing Samuel.  I will want you at some point, but right now your job is to eat and grow stronger.  That is how you will serve me.  Understand?”
Balthazar is in no way Michael’s Dad.  He’s not even an older brother, but he insisted he be called Grampa Balthazar.  Jack loved it and it didn’t bother Michael.  I loved that Jack loved it.
I take a breath.  “When that movie came out, I was eight and Sammy was four.  I can’t remember where we got the copy, but we
Daddy pushes up his onsie, until his diaper is out and showing, and begins to rub up and down, over where his cock is sitting, rock hard in his diaper.  He lolls his head back against Daddy, sucking in his bottom lip, feeling that itchy sensation of turned the fuck on in his penis.
Daddy brings a dish over, that’s divided into three sections.  Each section has a different color of pureed food.  Daddy puts it on the table well out of his reach.  “You’re having, trouble, aren’t you baby boy?”
Dean pales.  “No.  No, Master, please.  Don’t send me back there.”  Dean backs away from both of them.  He searches for a way out.  It’s automatic.  He forces himself to focus on Cas though.  Cas can easily make him go lights out in a heartbeat and he’ll end up in the dungeon anyway.  Awake, maybe he can talk Cas out of it.
like we’ve connected, even if deep down I know it’s fleeting.  It forever feels like I hold his kind-attention by a thread; I can lose his interest in a word.
"Oh no, I'm not telling you what, but I will mention that there are two parts, one of them I will introduce to you tomorrow, the other we'll save for when we make it to Balthazar's Community.  Should take us ten days or so to get there."
They’re a tad muddy, but because of the way they’ve folded themselves up, some of the spots were protected, and the pale blue is stark to my eyes.  I know they’re his.
Roark responds in kind, kissing him back like it might be his last time.  “We’re still rolling,” he says.
Dean nods into his neck enjoying the skin there.  It’s soft skin.  It smells of freshness and danger.  It brings Dean to life.  He presses his lips to it then freezes.  “Go ahead.  Suck.  Taste me, Winchester.”
He gets a shower at least but he almost loses it when he sees the damn white pants waiting for him in the cell.  He’s shaking as he pulls them on.  “Did anyone say how long?  H-How long?”  He hates how his voice wavers.  His lips trembles.
But Cas is having his own problems.  He’s also locked in a battle of passion with himself.  Dean is the cream making Cas’s cock throb and leak, he’s waiting with Dean for the cream to wear off so he can have his release.  He strokes himself slowly, dry, which can’t be comfortable.  Alphas don’t make slick like omegas do.  If an alpha ever did have sex with another alpha—which does happen—they have to use this strange, slick-like substance they have to buy in glass bottles from the apothecary.
Cas’s knot expands, until he can’t pull out and soon after that, he’s coming into Dean, grinding against him, letting go primal noises.  In one, smooth movement, with an arm across Dean’s chest, Cas pulls Dean up with him and sits them in Cas’s chair, Dean still tied to him.
ask why.  I'm me.  Of course the question is on the tip of my tongue, but now is not the time.  Technically it never is, but as much as Cas has figured out some things about me, I've figured out some things about him.  He likes my sassiness.  There's just a line, and I've crossed it.  In my defence, I never mean to.
Dean races out of his seat and he’d like to blame the baby, but he knows his yearning for alpha is mostly his own.  Cas slides his large chair open from the table and Dean climbs into his lap, facing Cas, his legs splayed on either side of him.  “I don’t care how you smell, I like how you smell,” Dean says nuzzling into his sticky skin that smells of battle.
“Yeah.  Okay, Cas.”  I’m dejected at this point.  It doesn’t offend me they won’t tell me stuff, I get it, it’s how they are, it’s their own bullshit.  Most people’s (and angel’s) bullshit is their own and nothing to do with me, it’s just, I know we’re going on a road to nowhere and I’m going to have go down with them, until they realize they need a different perspective.
At long last, the arousal drops off.  First to a pleasant thrum and then all that’s left is a general contentment through his cells, just like after a powerful workout.  Dean lets everything go, his muscles, his thoughts, so his breathing can even out.
He’s going to have toys? Dean starts wondering what they could be, until he feels Cas’s hand against his forehead, tilting it back, and the water slipping through his hair from a plastic cup. When Daddy deems his hair is wet enough, he begins lathering soap into it, massaging his head in a way that’s kinda heavenly.  But when Cas moves to rinse, Dean instinctively complains.  “My eyes, Daddy.”
"I know."  For all his arrogance, Lucifer understands that I am intelligent.  He boasts about the high intelligence of his mate, and how only someone like me could possibly measure up enough to be his mate in the first place.  This is Lucifer's way of asking me which is easier to handle – not that either is easy.  He's pleased to know being without him is worse.  "Okay, you and Jack come then."  He places his hand behind my skull and seeps grace into me, healing me
By this point, I'm rejecting my theory that this kid is following us.  It's just not possible – unless he can fucking fly – and I start to dream up other theories that maybe there's some kinda time warp he walks through.  Huh.  Or maybe he's got a tiny little Delorian.  That would be wicked.
It takes a moment or two to get the little guy to figure out what I mean, but he does, and I get some fire from him for my makeshift cook stove, which he's very proud of.  Oooooh boy.  I can't wait to show Cas we've got a dragon now, he's going to kill me.
“And you’re that confident we’ll get three?”  Of course, Cas is.  Cas thinks he should have everything he wants.  Mostly because he does get what he wants eventually.  “You didn’t want this one.”
I give him the strap, not wanting to look at it for too long.  "This is perfect, Sam," he says as he stands up, strap in hand.  "I needed an excuse to mark you before I leave.  I wasn't above inventing a reason, but I had a feeling you'd give me one yourself.  So much better.  Put your hands on the desk, and you'd better keep your ass high in the air."
4. After last chapter, all I can picture is a domestic Samifer fic where Lucifer works as a vet and is always bringing home injured animals to the point Sam and Luci's home becomes a zoo because Sam can't tell him no as much as he should.  LOL  This is a fic I do not have time to write but I like the thought.  Ha!
“All right.”  It’s the right suggestion.  Dean gets so engrossed in building Professor Norris a fortress, he forgets all about Daddy until Daddy is knelt beside him.
He doesn’t answer fast enough.  He’s backhanded a second time in the same place across his lip.  “Forty-seven, Master.”  The word passes his bleeding lips.  He’s breathless.  Again.  It’s the beginning of the end.  The General lets him drop in a heap.
He’s the same brother in my head, the program of him so embedded, it’s hard to write over with the obvious things I can see that have changed.  But things have changed, and all outer appearances say he’s nothing like the brother I’ve recorded in my head.  “Nothing appetizing?”
I take a good look at myself, a better look than I did passing by an old truck's side view mirror.  I look like shit.  I, oh god, I look like an abused and broken animal with how many bruises are on my face.  The cuts healing over on my lips and cheeks look terrible, and maybe infected.  My hair is wild, as the stubble growing in on my face, and the dirt makes me look uncared for.
“Evil Robot Ted doesn’t want you to save the princess,” princess is definitely Sammy with his long, silky hair, “so he’ll make sure you can’t see, but something is afoot at the Circle K.”
Lucifer positions himself between Sam’s spread legs.  He grips the base of his cock squeezing with all his might, but Sam’s body is more robust, like the demon strength fortifies it and all that effort constricts Sam’s dick only mildly.  The foreskin glides over the head and when it descends again unveiling the head, Lucifer swallows it whole.  He’s dainty and fragile and it drives Sam wild.
“No, you didn’t.  You held on, which is all you can do when you’re being tormented.  And that’s nothin’ you need to feel sorry for.”
Michael says.  His voice a honeyed balm.  Dean must be pushing against him.  He doesn’t mean to.  He thinks of Cas’s desperation.
They lay without speaking until, “You’ve been pulled out of training to learn politics and protocols.”
“The General said you’ve already received the punishment for touching his cock and that if I saw fit, I could skip it tonight.  What do you think I’m going to choose?”
Reality creeps in.  I remember that I don't know if he's alive, or dead.  Instead of letting my mind wander to bad places, I picture Dean ditching the demons, and driving off in the Impala.
Dreyous eyes the collection of angels letting one of them answer.  “We thought it would be better this way,” Gabriel says.
Dean strokes his cock, enjoying the way he has enough length to fit in his fist and to get a full pump down to the base before he has to stroke up again.  He gets braver.  “I like my size, Alpha.  I know it’s not near big as yours, but I think it’s nice.”
Dean understands something.  That instance with Dayamos fucked Gabriel up more than it did him.  He smiles a smirky smile.  “That’s okay, Daddy.  I know it’s just because you love me.”
Dean glares at him.  “Yeah, we’ll fucking see.”  Dean’s not sure about their methods.  They seem made up, for the sole purpose of them getting their jollies.  It does help that he knows Gadreel hates him and doesn’t want this anymore than he does.
I tense.  My mind’s trying to come up with things to ask him, but I’m so tired the questions keep slipping.  Maybe all I can do for him is entertain him until his dad finishes torturing his friend.  Fucking hell.
"Holy shit, Winchester.  I thought you were going to lose your fucking head.  How you're still standing here, I don't know."
When he calls me in for lunch, it's another hot meal.  "How do you manage all this hot food?" I say not hiding the fact it's a luxury for me.  I look past him to the stove sitting there, pristinely clean and unused.
“Yeah, I know what you mean.”  I’m not sure how to begin telling Gabriel, so I just blurt some stuff out, Dean style.  “I’ve been getting visits from this kid and I’m pretty sure it’s
When I reach Lucifer, I prostrate before him, letting my hips slide back deeply, as I extend my arms over my head and get as low to the ground as possible.  It's a position I've had to work on to perfection.  Lucifer isn't nearly so fussy with anyone else, but it was always intended I would be his mate, and his mate is meant to perfect such things to show utter adoration.  Jack does the same, in his little boy version, until he tells us we may rise.
"You will," he says and his voice turns ice cold.  "If you betray my trust, I even catch wind of you making an escape attempt, I'll have my people do it, and when I return home, I'll pull you out just to beat you, and then I'll throw you back in."
They’ll be surrounded by couples who are legit—angels in love with other angels or humans or another species.
Okay.  There are some hard parts here, but unfortunately necessary.  If you can make it, well, I don't want to give anything away, but just ... I hope this starts to get exciting by the end of the chapter ;)
But the ache in his cock builds, he arches his back and his head at the same time as Cas slowly strokes him through one of the best orgasms he’s ever had.
“Little boys don’t use the big boy potty,” Daddy repeats, in the no nonsense tone Dean is starting to get used to.  “They don’t get privacy either, because they must always be where an adult can see them, and look after them.”
No.  The bond would be severed.  I am not Jonathan even if I contain his essence.  But a Profound Bond could be preserved beyond Jonathan’s death in Michael, if Michael was preserved somehow before either died.  Even a spark of the bond being around, would be enough to reignite the bond if that bond carried over into me, was around when Michael wakes up.
Jack runs fingers through my hair, singing the lullaby I used to sing to him.  I don’t fall asleep – I sleep too much – instead I think about the strangest dream I had.  Dean, here in my room.  Dean kissing my forehead.  He was so Dean, yet different.  I know I could only have imagined it.
They had to have uncomfortable conversations at times.  Conversations Dean was sure were commonplace with the children of Ohên from their parents, but Dean felt all squirmy inside about.  Dreyous tried to cushion the conversations as best as he knew how, but he was a fire fiend used to their ways; little idea as to how to traverse this stuff with a human son (many said Dean was no longer human, but he still felt human).
“You do, which is why I called you slave versus prisoner.  Now are you going to cooperate?  You’re outpowered here, buddy.”
Cas's stride has changed to the one he uses when he's on a fucking mission, the one that slices through the brush like a blade through skin.  "Get there," he says.
Thing about leather, it can be a beautiful thing for a nice amount of pain, and who knows? maybe if I were more masochistic, I'd love the fuck out of this.  But I'm not.  To a degree, perhaps, I like pain, but not this much.  This is the get into my head-type pain.  The drive me crazy-type pain.
Dean almost doesn’t feel Cas’s knot expanding in him, he’s too busy screaming with pleasure as Cas still fucks into him slow, each time a little harder to pull out and a little harder to press back in, until Cas can’t pull out anymore.  Dean continues to squeeze around Cas’s cock, breathless and tired but for the life of him unable to stop.
“Sometimes, if we do the toddler thing and he wants to do the potty thing,” Sam says lowering his voice,  “but not often.”
“That’s not fair!  I should get to wallow.  I don’t get to do any-fucking-thing else.  You can’t take that from me too!”  He’s crying again but it’s angry crying.  At first.  Then the cadence changes and the pang in his heart that the alcohol had driven away ignites.  It feels like crushing.  He grips his chest.  He can’t breathe.
is ‘rich’.  Some of have more than others, and it could be argued that those people are ‘rich’ by comparison to others who live here, but it’s not really much.  I don't get why families can't have their treasures.  The people going hungry in this community are the ones who aren't willing to work for it.  Those who can't work are taken care of.   Regardless, Erik’s family is doing the thing they claim is wrong, if on a smaller scale and are acting as though that is acceptable, while the rest are heathens.
“You let me inside you moments ago, Winchester.  I believe in you,” Michael says, toying with Dean’s hair.
Maybe this is the worst topic, but uh, curiosity got the cat?  I keep going.  "How is that different?  How did that make you," a crazed lunatic, "so protective?"
An angel steps in front of his path adjusting his cuff link like he’s about to head out for a night on the town, a severe pair of azure blue eyes analyze him, both brows raise.  “Going somewhere, Dean baby?” Michael says.
Fucking Gadreel.  But Shae’s eyes dilate.  Her breathing quickens.  Sweat beads on her dark skin.  She’s excited.  He wants to make this good for her.  He crawls to her, seductive as a cat and kneels between her curvy thighs.  He knows what Gadreel wants to hear.  “Ma’am.  I’ve been real naughty and I need a spanking.  I punched the fearless and handsome Gadreel in the nose.  Would you be so kind?”
Dean’s noticed that the figures are very concerned with being, ‘back where they belong,’ like they’re programmed for it.  He didn’t think much about it before but it’s apparent with Gerald’s words.    “All right.  Teach me, man.”
Cas.  I feel lucky I can sense him on the inside during times like these.  Of course there are other times I wish I couldn't, but in this instance, with Cas posturing like he might well kill me this time, and finally be done with the burden I am, I can feel what's going on in him to create his state.  He's conflicted.  Father only knows why, but he is.  Conflicted is good though.  Still, I check on the amulet, making sure it's there, like it's some sort of light in a dark tunnel.
.  I raise an eyebrow at him.  "I've just used a large blast of grace, which means we can already be traced.  Using more won't make any difference for a time."
"Four months."  That's a far cry from forever, but it still felt like too long.  "I missed you, Sam, but I won't hesitate to put you back there if I have to.  Next time, I may not pull you out."
“Yeah.  Yeah, okay.”  Lucifer looks to his feet.  He runs hands through his hair.  Then he disappears.
Right.  It means maybe running into Cas but it’s something to do.  What are the chances he’s there anyway?  He’s a busy War General.  Now’s probably a good time.  He puts Gerald in his pocket and heads to Cas’s quarters.
I'm not climbing down for nothing though, the fairies buzzing all around me, no longer attempting to capture me for fear I'll fall, and my dedication pays off.  I catch sight of a large carriage being pulled by six horses; my whole body breaks out into gooseflesh.  The door suddenly swings open, and out pops Lucifer.  "Stop!  Stop at once!" he says.
Dean bursts to tears, something he’s prone to doing these days.  Stupid hormones.  Cas rushes from his desk to the bed embracing Dean from behind, the only way Cas can hold him now.  “No, Nafas, Nafas.  That’s not why.  Come now.  Don’t cry.  Teleapài said it just takes longer sometimes, especially on my side of the family.  If anything, it’s my fault.”
Cas is a long time in cumming.  He takes Dean up the ladder of arousal.  Every thrust hits Dean’s prostate in the sweetest way and Dean brims with the euphoria.  He’s chasing Cas’s cock, one thrust to the next to get another shot of the shattering tingles across his groin and into his heavy balls.
Dean nods and drags his feet to the hallway where he sees an envelope. He frowns and picks it up before going to the kitchen. He ignores Sam´s questions as he opens it since it has his name.
She nods and stands up before she leads Castiel to his office in the back hallway of her desk. She opens the door letting him see inside. “I know it´s not the best one but hey, you got a desk and a chair! And maybe decorate to your own ideas?”
Dean nods and grabs his jacket. He watches as Sam goes outside and almost immediately the press is surrounding him asking questions which Sam doesn't answer and asks to please leave them alone. He slowly as to not attract attention makes his way to the car and drives off towards the main station.
A small chapter and we get to meet another father that lost his child and Gadreel gets a new clue but it still doesn´t make sense.
Daddy chuckles and pats his bum fondly and then lines up the head of his cock with Dean’s hole.  It’s
Lucifer waves over the nearest one of his minions, an angel called Sisco, who I assume he's asked to find Jack.
It's not long before a swarm of them are buzzing around my head, and I'm not fucking around anymore.  I've seen how dangerous these little blights can be, I see how they won't stop until they get what the king wants, and that's not happening.  They want to fight, fine, but they're gonna lose this one.  I will protect myself.
I know what Lucifer’s going to make me do and it’s going to be in front of my brother.  As much as I don’t want that, I want Lucifer to hurt my brother even less.  This doesn’t guarantee he never will, but it’s one less time.
Cas does see him, right?  Of course, he does.  He waits and he waits and he waits.  He gets angry.  He lifts up before it’s time.  “Get back into position.  Do not speak.”
Dean didn’t have a Mom for long—she died when he was seven—but she told him he could charm the pants off a vulture.  How about an angry lion with wings?
There's no choice, but to give over to whatever he'll do.  These things, this creature-like tendency lives in Cas; it's need and the need will be satisfied.  Best I can do is help.
My jaw is dropped.  So this praying thing is going to happen, like, a lot?  I am all kinds of uncomfortable, but I'm all out of fight today.  I'm sure we'll have plenty of time to argue about it on the road.  "Uh, what do I say?"
Once inside, he removes his dressing cloak and passes out cold on their bed.  When he wakes, Cas is over him.  “Dean, I didn’t want to wake you.  Mack come to get me.”
Dean stands and Dreyous embraces him holding tight, saying everything without saying anything.  “We’ll see what the world brings us.  I don’t want to leave you.  If it’s my choice, I’m staying—nothin’ you can do about that,” his gruff voice says.
“The journals I spoke of.  Deep in the bottom of this palace is where the spell is constructed and active.  Lucifer used Roark’s designs to create this place and hide it from one realm, in another.  I went exploring – like how we used to, getting lost, finding our way back – and I found books that just seemed to appear.  I’d read one and another would appear, the other one vanishing.  These books gave me the insight into the thinking of the brothers and for a time I thought I was finding clues that would lead us to finishing what they put in motion.”  He gives a cynical laugh.
"That's not fair, Cas.  He was practically family." I know it's not the brightest time to get lippy with Cas but I'm not really being lippy, and I need him to understand that much.
Lucifer kisses me, he’s soft again, I keep pretending.  “Have a good day, Luci,” I say like he’s on his way to a day in the office.
His situation hasn’t changed but Dean’s relieved all the same.  Cas is allowing the slip.  The real fucked up part is he still wants Cas so badly.  He wants to be soothed and cuddled after this.  He wants Cas—no one else—to take him in his arms and lay on the bed with him.  He wants to feel Cas’s hand in his hair as he drifts off.  But instead he’ll be in prison.
“That isn’t long to an angel.  I count the beginning of the time of the cleansing from a different year than you do.”
“I did say.”  Cas runs his hands through Dean’s loose hair, rubbing at his undercut with his thumb.  He does the thing he does sometimes, where he stares at Dean like he can’t be real.  “You’re in a good mood.”
There’s no battle, no pomp and circumstance.  Lucifer doesn’t even have the chance to defend himself, Michael raises a hand and in one blue blast, Lucifer is lifted into the air, his body crackling the same way as when an angel is stabbed with an angel blade, and then he hits the ground.
Gadreel doesn’t know the answer.  He’s an angel but a lower ranking angel.  There must be a reason for that.
to me."  Seriously fuck him.  "Thank you Father for this bountiful meal," I say before taking a large bite staring at Cas all the while.  Yes I'm being defiant.  Yes it's stupid, especially when Cas is this rage-filled, but I want his attention any way I can have it.
While he might not get everything about humans, there are some fundamentals he does get and he structures our relationship to that end, well.  As long as I live within the rules he’s set, I do fine.  He didn’t want to mention any of that, or give me examples, because I’d already given him the ‘I’m fucking crazy line.’  He hates me thinking that about myself, but I do; less and less, but it comes up.  When I’m like that, no matter how it’s phrased, I jump to that and my ego becomes defensive.
Cas wants to turn him over his knee, Dean can tell, and not that he needs a reason, but he needs to at least have the reason of no reason; doing so in anger
When I wake up, it's dark, and fucking eerie.  I'm not used to houses anymore, not at all.  Never was if truth be told, haven't spent too much time in one.  Cas is gone, and when I reach out, I can't find him though I can tell he's not gone too far.
It clicks for me.  Sammy is the egghead between us, but these are the kinds of puzzles I solve easier than breathing.  "You can't make your own wing oil, Cas?"  I tread carefully.  He's not likely to be happy about that.  I'm sure it's a serious blow to his angel pride.  But I'm fucking worried.  Is he sick?
