A sweet looking woman had instantly poped out of the kitchen with a tray of home made brownies. Eyes sprakling once they meet with Tony. “Sweety…who’s this? “ she asked as she lifted the tray a bit higher towards the two teens.  “This is Tony Stark…he’s a friend from school…” Steve said absentmindedly as he grabbed a brownie. The shorter teen gave a shy smile as he didnt expect to be greeted by the senior’s mom right away that day. She was so beautiful and blond, Just like Steve. Compared to the two. Tony looked like last nights TV dinner. His hair was a mess, his shirt had wrinkles and he was pretty sure his glasses were fogging up from his breath.
“Steve?..”
Once out of sight he couldn’t help but smile at how the office had smelled of him and Tony’s scents mixed together. He knew it wouldn’t go away for atleast three days…Pepper would have a hard time for the next hour. But really, Steve didn’t care.
Right there in the middle of the open door was Travel weary and jet lagged Steve, smiling brightly at him with his ever adorable puppy dog eyes. Before Tony could even think clearly of what he was doing he had lunged himself right away at the open armed alpha. Happily Nuzzling his nose against the blond’s wide chest. Sniffing Steve’s familiar scent as he nuzzled closer. Loving the feel of big strong arms wrapping around him again. “Oh my gosh...you came! You came! I thought you wouldn’t come!” Tony said with a shaky voice as he lifted his head up to stare at his dear brother. Steve chuckled as he placed a hand over Tony’s cheek. “I’d always come for you Tony..” Tony flushed a bit at those words as Steve stared so intensely at him. “oh Steven! You finally came!” Sarah shouted as he wrapped her arms over the both of them. Kissing Steve a dozen times on his face before letting go. The blond Alpha smiled widely at his mother as he leaned over to kiss her as well, arms never letting go of Tony as he did before glancing at Howard with a friendly smile. The friendly smile disappeared though when he spotted the other alpha in the room. Said alpha didn’t seem too happy to see him either as they both shared a staring contest at each other for a few seconds. “Ahem...Steve...this is Killian...Tony’s fiancés...Killian this is Steve..Tony’s brother” Howard said with a stern Alpha voice as he knew Alpha’s could get very possessive when their omega’s were in the arms of another Alpha. Even if Steve was Tony’s brother. The unfriendly look Killian had on his face instantly disappeared at hearing Howard’s voice. Stretching his hand he walked over to where the Alpha was with his omega still in his arms. A small vain could be seen on top of his head as he tried to speak politely. “Pleasure to meet you Steve”
Tony really had to think of a way to show the senior how thankful he was..oh yeah! He almost forgot about that.
“How about something old?”
he couldn’t wait that long to be claimed by Tony.  not when every omega the Alpha met was drawn by how gentle he was. Tony wasn’t at all like any of the knot-headed alpha’s Steve had met. Who used their second gender and physical traits to their advantage, belittling omega’s like Steve and treating them like they were only made for sex and looking after them. No Tony was different. He was gentle and kind, soft spoken and respectful. Often times it was cute how insecure he could get around others and would clutch at Steve’s sides as the two would walk together. That was the thing all the other Alpha’s (especially the old one’s like their parents) didn’t understand. For them Tony looked weak and pathetic as an alpha. But to omega’s Tony was absolutely desirable! he was the dream Alpha all omega’s and even beta’s wanted. He never treated them like they were below him. He never showed he was superior or that he had more rights to them. No, he treated everyone as equals and that was the thing that made every omega want to be with him.
“You didn’t actually think i would let anyone else mate with you, did you?” He asked as his large hand coped the smaller man’s face. Tony could only stare at him with confusion in his eyes.
Steve redden at her side even more. An incubus was a sex demon. feeding on a humans arousal and sexual release. In turn though the humans become stronger and healthier each time an incubus has sex with them. Thus making them a very expensive demon to own. “W-why did you get two though?...you can’t feed both of them..they’ll starve.” Steve questioned as he glanced back at the two who were still watching them with curious eyes. “I had to...you should of seen them when the people were trying to take Tony away from Bucky..i just couldn’t..” Natasha sigh as she looked at the two demons with a sad face. “Tony?” Steve asked, trying to know who was who. “Bucky come here...” Nat called, making Steve turn around to watch the bigger one stand and walk towards them. Settling comfortably next to Nat when he had reached her. So his Bucky...so the other one must be..Steve’s thoughts trailed as he glanced back at the other demon who was still seated on the floor. Looking absolutely small and soft that Steve just wanted to pick him up and cuddle him in his lap.
----------------------------------------------------
Yes Tony was inlove with Steve, he couldn’t lie to himself anymore as it was clear what he really felt whenever he saw Steve and Peggy hugging in the hallway for the whole world to see. He had even almost broken Pepper’s home made mug when they were walking across the school yard when he saw Peggy lean into Steve’s ear whispering something that made the blond bite his lower lips with a bright blush on his face. A few students could see how red Steve’s face was as Peggy continued to whisper into his ear while her hands clung to him.
Moments like these were always Steve’s favorite, as he got to be much closer to the billioner genius.
Making the other roll his eye at the joke before grabbing a fistful of peanuts. Eyes trying not to stare too much at the big blond as he obviously stuttered in between awkward laughs in front of the girl he was standing next too. Tony scowled as he really shouldn’t feel hurt at the sight of Steve flirting with someone. Especially since Steve and him were such good friends.
“Someone’s excited to finally see their omega tomorrow..” Nat teased as she gave Tony a wink before chuckling when Tony flustered at her comment. “Come on, you guys...give the guy a break..” Bruce chipped in making Tony smile at him thoughtfully. “ we’re only playing with ya Tones, hey give me some of those nuts well ya Bruce” Clint said as he tried to grab some ooff of Bruce’s bowl before getting swatted by Thor’s massive hand. “Ouch! Watch it Thor! Ohhh i think you broke a few of my fingers...” Clint groan as he cradled his hand against his chest. Thor merely giving him a ‘you should of known better look’. “I bought these for Bruce because i know he likes them...you should go get your own if you want some Clint..” The beta glared at him before groaning again. Bruce frowning as he tried to tell Thor that he didn’t mind sharing some with their friends. Thor blushing a bit at that before apologizing to their offended friend. Tony hadn’t been paying much attention to them anymore since he was too busy thinking about finally seeing Steve tomorrow. He really didn’t like why Steve couldn’t bring with him his cell phone. But there was nothing they could do as it was one of the rules.
“Mine...Tony...please be mine..i know we shouldn’t...i know, i know..God i know...I’ve been trying to tell myself that for months..but i just can’t..i love you I’ve always loved you...you’ve always been the one for me..I just can’t...i can’t love anyone else like i love you..” Steve cried once he pulled away, whole body trembling as he held his brother in a tight embrace. The younger one of the two couldn’t help but tighten his hold on the blond as well as they both gazed at each other with confused looks. Only snapping their heads when they had noticed someone stepping inside the living room with them.
On the day of the wedding Tony felt absolutely horrible as he sat on the edge of a fountain outside their house. hands still clutching the dog tags Steve had left around his neck. This was all for the best. So why the hell did he feel so empty and awful? He glanced up to stare at the busy guest and families all rushing around the place. Killian talking to the hired priest and a few betas. Not once did he even glance at Tony the whole time he had arrived were there.
The older Stark had been a bit concerned when he had met The younger, scrawny Rogers standing beside his father. Honestly saying the 14 year old omega looked a bit sickly. Howard was having doubts if the omega could even carry his future grand children with his frail body. But when the blond boy had grinned at Tony who had hidden behind him yet again. Howard couldn’t help but smirk when he had heard the blond Omega say to his father that Tony was stunning. and asked to greet him if he could. Joseph had nodded at that and immediately Steve Confidently began walking towards the Starks, thin hands instantly grabbing the shorter teen’s softer one’s as he pulled Tony gently towards him. Making the shy Alpha blush brightly at the sudden contact from the omega.
“Now…i don’t know about you, but…i feel like it is his turn to approve of one of us helping you out…” The Asgardian finally whispered before devouring warm soft lips completely. Tony could only moan in want as his head started to spin. God it felt so good.
Thor had heard stories of the Stark prince from his dear friend, Stories of how beautiful and breath taking the man was that the first time Steve had layd eye's on him, he had thought he had died and went to heaven, how the prince was kind and fair to his servant's and bore no hatred for those who have wronged him..even his own father who had never treated him as a son. Thor had always been curious of the Prince who had captivated his Friends heart , so the moment he had heard of the news from his people he right away sent for one of his messengers to inform the king of his visit as he wanted to finally meet the soon to be Queen of Hydra.
And Steve took this as an advantage. Since he’d place his arm agaisnt the seat, letting Tony’s head lay comfortable against it. Head eventually relaxing to his side as he’d continue to play with dark curls.
———————————————————
I try to say goodbye and I choke
“I know Steve…t-thank you anyway for …mmm…everything today…it m-meant a lot to me…” Tony managed to say in between kisses as his fingers started to unbotton The older man’s shirt. Only to gasp in shock when the billioner’s hand suddely smacked his ass harshley. Reminding him of who Steve really was to him. “What was that baby?” Steve asked with a mischivious grin. “D-Daddy…thank you Daddy…” Tony groan in pleasure as he let the blond lift him up by his sides. Legs instantly wrapping around the hard body, as to not fall.
“Well i guess they’ll have to suck it up! Cause me and Steve are a team!” Tony grinned adorably as he leaned against the bigger man. “That leaves another question for Steve here. How are you gonna have sex with your soulmate, if Tony’s right there next to you?” Bruce asked as he wiggled his brows. “ i could probably let him just watch from the corner..” Steve grinned before wincing when Tony had playfully punched his side. “Rude! Why don’t you invite me to join?!” Tony frowned as he tried to get away from the bulky blond who was now locking him in a death grip.
To say that Steve was pissed was an understatement. The hybrid’s ears wear dangerously low as he hissed venomously while pulling the brunette close to him. Tony sight as he tried to get free from the hybrids possessive grip while smiling assuringly at Thor who was also hissing and standing his ground. It wasn’t uncommon for hybrids to get upset when a new one was suddenly introduced to the family. Even if in Thor’s case just for a little while. He really needed to explain to Steve that the other hybrid wont be with them forever as he promised to search for his owner that was probably looking frantically for him right now.
Loki shivered as he bit his lips, trying to focus on what was in his mind at the moment. "is it safe though...i mean.." he said through lidded eyes as he tried to move away from the other Prince's touch. Thor furrowed his eyebrows at that before answering with assurance and then asking why? Loki pouted a bit, which earned him a quick kiss on his neck. "Just that i have heard that the king can be very...." Loki trailed as he tried to think of a word that didn't disrespect the Hydra king. Especially in font of Thor who was very close to said king. " Protective..." he finished.
“So…um…you got a really nice room..love the colour…”  Tony started since he really wanted to keep his mind off of Steve’s body. The grin the blond had given him from that was enough to make his heartbeat stop. “ thanks…i painted it myself…” Steve laughed as he jumped on his bed. “Light blue…huh..” Tony smirked a bit as it suited the other teen well with his eyes. “It’s my favorite colour. And it’s not just any shade of light blue. This is the shade of the ocean…calming and peaceful..” Steve trailed as he placed his arms behind his head. Glancing at his side when he realized the other teen was setting beside him. Without thinking he blurted out “ i really wanna cuddling you right now…” blue eyes instantly widen when Tony had snapped at that. Panic started to fill th blond as he tried to apologize for saying that. “ i didnt think we’d be learning today…but okay…might as well” Tony smiled as he crawled towards the stunned jock.
That’s how the blond had probably found them since they were startled when Steve’s hand shook them awake for breakfast. The three had shared a good meal as Tony laughed when Bucky had smacked Steve on the head for leaving his baby brother all alone for too long. Tony had glared at being called baby but decided he didn’t mind as he saw the two start to bicker like two idiots, which was always fun.
Steve would be upset with him, but he just couldn’t seem to bring himself to care at the moment.
Clint blinked a few times at that. “Well...seeing as Tony is in heat and would need some assistance during this painful time i am offering him my services...” Clint explained as he started to walk towards the flushed out brunette. “And who the hell said that it has to be you?” Sam asked with an annoyed look as he started walking towards Tony as well. The room was reeking of aroused omega and he had been controlling himself from jumping at the beautifully displayed brunette for the last hour.
Tony just closed the door and before he realized it, was moving both his feet as he crossed the road.
He did not have have Nat...after only two hours of being together Nat was already beginning to show symptoms of her heat coming in. “Ah crappp...” Clint cursed as he went into the kitchen to get an ice pack. Natasha was curling in on herself as she trembled on the bed. Steve standing right next to her unsure what to do.. Natasha was already giving off pheromones that went up Steve’s nose but as always he wasn’t experiencing the same throbbing need when he smelled Tony doing business in the bathroom. “I’m..ahhh shoot..really sorry Steve...” Natasha apologized as she bit her lips. Trembling as she felt herself start to get wet.
He had always hated the bitch. Always hated how close she would lean and whisper words in Tony’s ears while he was still at Stark kingdom. He wanted to crush her skull with his own bare hands every time Tony and her seemed too familiar with each other.
“Your shirt?”
(See the end of the chapter for
And right on cue the omega emerged from the bushes with a large basket in his hands. Steve immediately smiled at the beautiful sight before standing up to greet his wife. “What are you doing here?...how many times do i have to tell you it’s not safe walking on your own here...remember how i got this scar?” Steve said as he lifted his left arm up. Tony bit his lips at that before putting the basket down and pouting adorably. “That was one time and it happened five years ago...plus i know you’ll always saved me” he said with a chuckle as he leaned up with his tiptoes to kiss the alpha on his chin. Steve shook his head at that as he leaned down to let the omega kiss him.
The blond merely gave him an annoyed look like he should of expected this, making Tony shut his mouth. Trying hard not to tremble as he had never had anyone hold his hand before, especially when they were walking out in public. “Gosh your hands are clammy...” the comment had made Tony blush even more in embarrassment. “Relax...how are you supposed to hold hands with Bucky if you’re this nervous? He’s gonna have a hard time holding you if his hand keeps sliding off...”  Steve said with a smirk as he glanced down at the pouting brunette. “I’m sorry if I’m this nervous. I mean It is my first time holding hands with someone!” Tony defended himself as he tried to pull his hand away to no avail as Steve had only clamped onto it more. Face blushing with a stupid grin that made Tony’s heart flutter a bit. “I’m sorry...I’m just saying it’s better if you relax...” he said as he nudged the smaller teen with his elbow making Tony stumble to the side a bit, luckily Steve was still holding his hand tight or else he really would of fell.
Everything was really nice and warm that moment. it made him feel safe. Bucky made him feel safe, and comfortably warm..well, Tony was actually aware that his whole body and face was warm from the punch he had drank a few minutes ago. But that wasn’t the point, the point was that right now he wasn’t worrying about a certain blond. The point was Bucky was here with him. Bucky, who was taking care of him while his brother was out on a date once again, While his brother was probably diving his tongue down someone else’s throat again (most likely Peggy), while his brother was busy doing that..Bucky was here sitting next to him, with his strong arms wrapped comfortably around him like all the other times when Steve wasn’t there for him when they were younger. Bucky wh-before he could finish what he was thinking his eyes had closed tight as he felt soft lips pressed against his.
Loki, the darker haired prince simply nodded as Thor eyed him lovingly while pressing soft kisses on the back of his hand. While one of his hands sneaked in to wrap around the back of the other's neck. Loki leaned into it as the blonds kiss began to travel. " You think we would get along with the Stark Prince?" He asked as the blonds lips settled on his neck. "Yes... of course.." Thor replied yet not quite focus on the subject as he continued to bite and suck at the delicate skin.
Steve stirred awake as he felt his tiny master rustle a bit inside his arms. He whined a bit as he leaned from behind to see if his master was already awake, He wasn’t. Although the brunette was moaning a bit in his sleep as he was unconsciously grinding his bum against Steve’s morning wood. Steve bit a moan at that as he started to buck his hips against his master’s soft round ass. with a light blush spreading on his face as he started to sniff Tony’s neck. The brunette smelled of arousal which only made Steve get harder, loving how Tony was moaning and grinding against him in his sleep. If only Tony was awake...Steve would easily try and persuade him that they should breed. He didn’t know if Tony would say yes right away but he would try. He had already promised himself he would make Tony know how much he wanted him, and he would go through with that promise especially with that other hybrid around the house. With a soft moan escaping Tony’s parted lips Steve groaned as he bit the engineer’s soft ear, earning him a shiver and another moan from the sleeping man pressed against his chest. With a satisfied grin Steve purred as he continued to buck his erection against Tony’s soft bum. Last night had been a success as he pushed Thor off the bed when the hybrid had tried to crawl on the bed and settled on Tony’s feet. Steve immediately kicking the other blond, disguising it as him trying to stretch his legs but Thor probably knew it was really a kick since it was a bit too hard. The other hybrid had flown and landed against the wall with a crack. startling Tony who was half asleep by then, thankfully Tony hadn’t thought anything of it and had asked Thor to go back to the cough saying the bed just wasn’t big enough for three of them. With a defeated look Thor walked out with his ears and tail low. Steve smiled triumphantly as the other hybrid closed the door, Quickly hiding his smile with a yawn when he noticed Tony glance at him.
“Steve...” Tony said softly as he looked up at the blond, “ yes my love? “ Steve asked as he nudged his nose on Tony’s forehead. “Where is Pepper?...” Tony asked in a small whisper. The name instantly forming a sharp frown on the king’s face “ why would you ask about her where about? My sweetness?” The blond asked as his face began to harden, It was ‘their’ ceremony night and Tony was still thinking about the damn ginger. “Tony nuzzled his face closer to Steve’s “ i was only wandering...everyone else is here celebrating with us, even the palace cooks, servants and peasants have come to the feast to eat...yet...i have no one from my old kingdom to celebrate with me...” he managed to say. Steve paused at that for a bit, staring straight into Tony’s eyes thinking it over. Suddenly Steve’s face softened into that of understanding as he snapped his fingers above them for his men to bring the prisoner.
So no, Clint wasn’t heartbroken. He was bitter and jealous. He wanted to have what Brock finally found. He hated it even more that Brock was the first one to leave their relationship. And now here he was singing “Good 4 you” by Olivia Rodgrigo. Boy did he ever feel stupid.
“HARLEY! stop teasing your sister...Morgan! Don’t kick your brother’s feet” he heard his wife scolding their two youngsters. Well...maybe it was better Peter was out and about.
It had all happened so quickly that they weren’t given enough time to think or react when the blond Asgardian Prince had announced that he had brought with him presents for Steve and his new Soon to be Queen. Thor beamed with pride as he asked for the gift of Servants to be shown in the throne room.
“Is it just me or are we missing a pair?” Bruce asked at the realization that two friends weren’t with them tonight. “Oh Tony has a dentist appointment in the morning so he couldn’t come…” Nat answered as she took the mic that Clint had handed her when he got off the table. “Which automatically leaves Steve out since if Tony isn’t coming…he isn’t either…i swear those two..”Clint sigh as he tried to open a beer bottle. “Ay, they are as glued together as two mutated bananas sticking together.” Thor mused which made his friends stare at each other on the comparison. before Bruce could open his mouth to tell the blond of how weird that sounded though, a mischievous arm had snuck it’s way around his neck. Warm soft skin pressed up against his. Making the shy brunette turn around to laugh as soft lips started kissing his cheek.
“Ste-ah…stop..” Tony managed as his fist started to curl around the blond’s hot skin. Breath heavy as he tried not to melt anymore than he already had.
Thank you for reading hoped you enjoyed!
As the two sat down on the living room sofa Steve Carefully settled his arms and chin on Tony’s lap, making himself comfortable before asking what Tony wanted to talk about. Tony chucked nervously for a bit before he went into serious mode all of a sudden as he stared at the anxious Hybrid. “So...tomorrow i will be escorting lil miss pepper out to L.A..she had asked me to come along with her on a trip to see her client and do business there..” Tony trailed as he noticed Steve tensed up. “When will you be back?” The blond asked as he leaned closer. “I’ll be back after two days..so Thursday..and don’t worry..I’ve already talked to Clint, i asked him if you could stay with him and Natasha while I’m out and he said yes...”
And Tony couldn’t stop the growing grin from his lips at that. Ignoring the dull ache he felt inside his chest again.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d sometimes take a few of his popcorn and offer it to the alpha. Fingers touching warm lips as he’d gently place them there. Tony didn’t think much of it as it was normal for omegas to have the need to service others.
(See the end of the chapter for
But before the words could leave his mouth Steve’s phone had started ringing from the bathroom across the hall where he had left it. Tony whined when Steve had stopped and immediately stood up to rash towards his phone.
Steve sigh as he waited for the brunette to arrive. Yesterday he had seen Tony without his glasses again for the second time after the football incident. Tony was so beautiful in front of him..with his big beautiful brown eyes underneath thick long eyelashes. The blond couldn’t even breath as he tried not to lean on down and give the other a kiss. He’d swear never to let anyone else see those beautiful eyes..they were only meant for him from now on. A creak from the classroom door had jolted him out of his thoughts as he saw Tony coming in with his textbooks wearing an adorable baggy turtleneck. “I’m sorry..did you wait long?..i had to go over mr. Fury’s office to get something and then-“ Gosh was Tony cute when he rambled. With a cough Steve stood up as he reassured the other that he didn’t really wait long, even though he waited for 30 minutes inside the empty room. The brunette smiled at that which gave Steve butterflies inside his stomach as he tried to act normal.
When he had woken up the next morning, he had never felt so tired in his entire life like he did that morning. His whole body ached from sleeping in a fetal position against the door. He didn’t want to go out of his room, he didn’t want to go down and face the older blond. He just wanted to curl in his bed and forget everything ever happened. and so he did just that, he crawled into his bed and started to drift off again.
“It’s okay..it’s only hot..just burned the front of my mouth and ruined my shirt, and probably have a first degree burn on my chest..nothing much”
“Hey. Welcome back, Steve. How do you feel?”
Tony felt his cock harden in his jeans. He’d not tucked it away this time as he knew he could make Steve not notice it when he woke up.
Tony then brought Stevie up further and asked him about something that made him angry. He helped Stevie work through his issue with bullies. He hated bullies, but getting angry and starting a fight was not always the best way to deal with the issue. He helped guide Stevie through some other techniques he could use to deal with the problem and deal with his anger in the situation. Staying calm was the best thing. If he was calm, then the bully would look worse to anyone watching when they got angry and started trying to argue.
Finally, Tony had Steve get dressed again and sit back on the couch. He made sure Steve was hard and when he woke up and he would not notice the smell of sex in the room. He blushed heavily at realising how hard his cock was but Tony simply smiled gently and told him it was fine, these things happened sometimes, especially when you were relaxed. Besides, he was half-hard when he’d woken up last time too.
“Yes. So attractive. My type.”
“Nah, we’re going to the tower. We can have a nice romantic meal there without worrying about the paparazzi or photographers. We can relax and have fun. Just the two of us. And a two-minute flight there and the same back is better than a long drive, plus Friday can pilot the jet, so I don’t have to worry about how much I drink. Not that I plan to get drunk, but I can be over the legal limit and still be sober. You know, previous history with alcohol abuse and all.” Tony was quick to reassure Stevie about his drinking at the other’s concerned frown.
When Natasha finally left his workshop, Tony was exhausted. She had so many issues it was hard to keep up with them all but Tony knew that given enough time, he’d have her exactly the way he wanted her.
Steve moaned and nodded.
“So… when I was in school, I used to look at all the girls and how their chests were getting bigger, some of them with pretty nice breasts and I kept wondering why mine wasn’t growing. I’d asked my mum and she just laughed and told me boys don’t have breasts.”
This is who he is! He’s Bigender!!
The grief wouldn’t go away but it would be overshadowed by the warm, happy feelings. It would affect him less and he could start to move past it.
Tony gently placed his hands on Steve’s shoulders and began rubbing and massaging them. “It is good, isn’t it? Relax. Everything is alright. You have nothing to worry about.” Steve was now leaning heavily into him, eyes drooping, arms dropping down slightly and gaze still stuck on the screen. “Just relax. Your mind is calm. All of your worries are floating away.” Steve was putty in his hands. “Five, your body is feeling heavy and relaxed. Four, your eyes are getting heavy, you’re so relaxed and calm. Three, your heart is slowing, slowing down, into a slow steady rhythm of sleep. Two, your mind is floating in a sea of calm and relaxation. All your thoughts are floating away. One, your eyes are closing, your body is dropping into a deep sleep. Zero. You are totally relaxed and calm. This is the most relaxed you have ever felt. You feel so good.”
And just because Tony is really petty; he brought Barton back down and implanted the knowledge that the reason he was being so mean to Tony, was because Maximoff made him think those things. Her powers had gotten them all while they were nearby and she made them hate Tony and not trust him anymore. He also found a good memory to use as the source of the trigger. There was a moment when they were alone on Sokovia where Maximoff could have gotten him so Tony twisted that memory just slightly and
He’s always considered it his pussy so it makes sense that he’d want to touch it when he masturbated.
Stevie laughed. “Yeah. Tonight works fine.”
Tony and Pepper would then go and have enthusiastic sex while Stevie ate his food and cleaned the kitchen.
“Yeah… m’good. Relaxed. Calm.”
Steve hummed quietly, closing his eyes and enjoying the feeling of Tony stroking his hands. Eventually Tony had to pull himself away because Steve was starting to slip back under. He laughed pleasantly, knowing Steve had always liked it when Tony is happy and relaxed enough to laugh around them. “Come on, big guns. Don’t go back to sleep on me.”
“Stop!” Tony blurted out suddenly and way too loud, startling the Alpha. Damn, he really had no control over his voice today, Tony thought. Not that he ever had when he was together with Steve. But Steve was going too fast.
Oh, God. Abort! - Tony thought. “I know. You already mentioned that in the letter.”
He thought about Rhodey’s words, to give Tony some space but that was even easier than he had thought. Steve hadn’t even gotten as much as a glimpse of him since the meeting. He let out a deep exhale as he hears the doors opening behind him. A sweet smell enters his nose and he hears nostalgic footsteps approaching him. For a second he feels himself tense but the scent of metal and spring and home calmed him down. He does not turn around. As the person stops next to him he can’t help but to inhale the warm and nostalgic smell of the smaller person next to him again.
When Steve finally speaks he locked eyes with Tony again: “I need you Tony”.
“Well, as I was somewhere on a different planet in space, I had an interesting conversation with Doctor Strange –“
It had been three days since Tony had landed back on earth. Tony had worked with Shuri and Bruce on their problem and the others were still trying to contact Scott. Clint was already on his way to the castle. He had lost both his eldest kids, leaving his wife and the now three year old youngest alone. The archer was devastated about what had happened and he also seemed angry that they hadn’t invited him to the fight. He would deal with him as soon as he would arrive.
Steves expression had gone blank. Natasha had already tears running down her face. From all the Avengers, she had understood the situation Tony was in the best. She knew about his responsibilities as a business man and outward appearance of the group. How he tried his best to help with casualties caused by their battles and the statements of hate and blame that were thrown at him. She understood how Tony had always taken the blame – no matter what – for himself in the end, even if he was more often than not to blame. She also had long realized, how Tony had tried to protect her back then, in his own weird way, even if it had meant to hurt her. It was what he could do best after all. He had pushed her away before she could think about anything else but saving her own ass.
“Don’t worry Sweetheart. No matter what you say, I won’t leave you again. Never again.”
“True. You did a lot for that too. To be honest, I’m a little scared. I have no experience or knowledge about leading a country, especially in a crisis.  I’m already bound to make a fool out of myself trying to impress the other countries.”
When Tony turns to look at Steve again he’s surprised to see him smiling, showing a fond expression rather than an annoyed one. Huh. God, he can’t do it after all.
Tony looked up to her. He smirked: “I remember Ross telling me about a hot lead.”
“And he knows too” Rhodey confirmed. “He regrets not having listened to you earlier.”
“So you admit you were wrong?” Rhodey asked.
She sighed again. This was leading nowhere.
. She sat next to Steve and curled up against his free shoulder, Bruce, Rhodey, Thor and even Clint (when did he arrive?) joining them. They were glad that their pack leader and his Omega had finally made up. It was then that Tony slowly stirred and began to purr, his eyes still closed and breathing even. The pack smiled at the show of content and safe from their Omega and Steve nestled his nose in Tonys neck, a hand slowly stroking circles on his back, holding him close. And he swore to himself he would never let go of him again, as the warmth of Tony and the wonderful smell of home from his Omega and their pack slowly lulled him back into sleep.
“Could you call everyone together for me? We have to talk about how to proceed.”
“No …” Tonys voice is calmer this time.
“I saw your medical report, I’m still the one in charge supervising your recovery so don’t believe you can fool me even for a second.” She looked directly into Tony’s eyes to get her point across. Said man raised both his hands in a surrendering gesture and let out a sigh.
“Tony!” Steve tried to get back said man’s attention. Tony blinked a few times and looked at Steve again.
, he had to. The others were confiding in him, so he had to be strong.
Natasha and Rhodey were one of the first who understood what was happening, they had collected themselves and tried to inform the higher ups, so a plan to prevent a mass panic could be thought of in time. He made a mental note to ask them later about the outcome so far.
“What? I think we cleared that up.” His voice sounds harder than he wants. He just wants to leave.
He smiled at her and was just about to answer, when Rhodey came running towards them, as fast as he could with his prosthetics. He was waving his Stark Phone in his left hand.
“Alright I get it.”
“Sorry” Steve answers. “Though they are not broken. The little cracks will probably be gone in the evening.” He looks at her apologetically.
“Hey, careful!” Shuri said rushing to his side and guiding him slowly to sit on a nearby chair. “I mean your spray did close your wound but it can’t – and neither can we – replace the healing process.
They were just inches from him away when Steve managed to get his voice out: “Tony …” he didn’t mean it to come out so broken but his voice failed him as their eyes met, his heart clenching in his chest.
Tony was wonderful. He was creation, life, hope. Steve was destruction, failure, and despair. He had ruined him.
Tony jerked up. All he saw was white, then shapes and lines slowly forming and building a picture. It was silent and he could smell his own distress. It all had been just a dream right? He suddenly remembered Thanos, the war, Peter … He pinched his nose, closed his eyes and took a deep breath, then tried to take in his surroundings.
“Yes. But we asked a little bit around. It seems that Clint survived but we had problems contacting Fury. We believe … he’s gone too.”
“Remember, you have to return the stones in the exact moment you got them, or you’ll open a bunch of nasty alternative realities,” Bruce said.
“Ant-man” Steve said calmly.
“Well not really, nothing besides the bits you guys told me. Tony told me we kind of broke up? Like a band …” Bruce answered. Rhodey and Nat smiled at him, glad that he doesn’t seemed to have changed that much in these past missing years.
“What’s going on Tony?” Natasha asked.
Steve didn’t know what to feel. His Omega had allowed to hug him and he didn’t think twice as he let his arms curl around the Omegas back, pulling him finally close. It had been two years. Two years in which he dreamed and tried to remember what it was like to be together with Tony. Two years of longing and the hell that had been these past days. Finally, he had his Tony back in his arms. He thought he was blessed and happy but then suddenly tears flooded his eyes, unable to hold back because Tony had reopened their bond and it came all crashing in. Feelings of guilt, feelings of hurt, feelings of fear, feelings of love. Steve sends his own right back mixing with the ones from Tony. All the pent up feelings from two years of separation crushing in at once on them. Holding on to each other they cried.
He was sitting on a bed in an unfamiliar place. The small room was painted in white. To his left was a wall of glass, showing beautiful veld scenery.  His bed, two chairs and a movable table next to him were the only furnishing, keeping the room simple.  There was an African themed painting on the wall opposite from him. The room had two doors, probably one for the bathroom and one to leave the room.
“You did what?” This time it was Natasha who spoke. “That is new” she looked at him. Steve felt another wave of guilt wash through him, feeling the surprised eyes of his pack on him. He had talked with Natasha about what had happened in Siberia, about his guilt, but he had left out a few details of the fight itself. The only one who knew the full details were Bucky, Sam and probably T’Challa. Sam had sat him down one day after a particular bad nightmare, unable to hide his PTSD from him. He had let it all out back then and Sam had been angry at him, of course, he deserved that after all, but he also had stayed at Steves side and helped him sort some things out. They had sat down more regularly after that. It had been eye opening more than once.
Steve couldn’t help but to smirk. His amazing, genius Omega. Making the other geniuses shut their mouth. He felt amazingly proud.
“I’ve been a complete idiot” he says after a while, tears still flowing and voice raw. “I should have …” his voice breaks.
“Rhodey, what is this about?” Bruce asked carefully. You could hear that he was scared.
“Steve I –“ Tony then noticed or rather felt Steve panicking again. “No, wait. It’s just. I have to tell you something.” Tony found it rather hard to look into Steve’s eyes right now. Said man could feel that Tony was scared and suddenly he realized what Tony was about to tell him. Cupping Tonys face into his hands he slowly and soothingly strokes his thumbs over his cheekbones. Then he calmed himself and pushed a feather light kiss on Tonys forehead, a little bit afraid of going too far with it.
“Did … did I …?” Steve gulped.
Tony was pregnant. He was pregnant in Siberia. It was their child. He could have killed their child. It makes him sick.
“I’m sorry” he whispers again and again to him, as he strokes a strand of hair out of his face. They let him for a while until Rhodey tucks him away. Bucky is there and leads him out of the room. Sam tells them that they will be informed once the funeral will be held. He also tells them to get some rest after the fight and to find some peace. Steve nearly huffs at that, but he is too tired to care.
Shuri looked at him for a moment. She had noticed the flinch in his eyes when she mentioned his medical report and she probably already knew why. To be honest, she wanted to talk about it with him but she had no idea how. Well, without scaring the Omega away or to anger him.
know that too, so … we’ve talked about this.”
Finally, the man dropped his hands, lifting off his knees to stand over Steve, arms crossed with a huff. He looked over his shoulder towards the coffee line then back at Steve a funny look drawing his eyebrows together before he rolled his shoulders back and stuck out a bandage covered hand, “Hi, I’m Tony, I’m sorry for spilling coffee on you.”
“Forgot your sister was here?”
“Hiya Cap,” He tried for a smile that landed somewhere between kicked puppy and torture victim.
Steve felt his heart lurch in his chest, “Tony, you-,” He didn’t know what to say really. This wasn’t the man he was used to seeing running the halls of the tower, sauntering the walkways of Shield or fighting alongside in the battlefield. This was a rejected ghost of the man he had grown to care for over the years his brown eyes usually so alight with avid fascination now dimmed by haunted thoughts, that ever-present smirk now resting somewhere Steve wasn't sure he could reach. He never thought he’d miss the never-ending ramble of Tony’s voice.
The look on Clint’s face was one of sheepish guilt, “Aww, sister, no.”
Yeah, that.
She’d flip him off but together they had Bucky fitted in a smooth silver arm
Clint made a hand gesture, “He’s a Stark.” he shoved against Bucky’s shoulder.
Steve wasn’t sure heard him right, “Tony?”
He’d blush, “Just remember some of us aren’t already on our second degree.”
Kept telling him this was normal but was it normal that the only thing that made it all stop was imagining his best friend climbing into his bed those nights? Wrapping strong, muscled arms around him as he pulls Bucky into his chest and presses kisses along the seam of his shoulder where the prosthetic arm would rest. That sometimes he could feel Steve’s lips press against his scars, HIS SCARs, that had no feeling at all no matter how many times he poked and prodded the things. That those nights where he could fall asleep pretending Steve was holding him were the only nights that nightmares didn’t plaque his subconscious.
“I’m always surprised to see you, Barnes, never quite know when you’re gonna catch the wind and run.” It was a joke.
He has.
Steve had decided right then he might have been falling for the kid.
Steve nodded slowly, “Sam is outside, come on.”
Pure willpower was holding him together as he pushed into Steve’s hole, the warmth wrapping around him inch by inch until he was sheathed inside the super soldier balls pressing into his ass. Every single inch of his is pressed together with Steve, their bodies molded together, slotting so perfectly against one another that it ponders Tony’s thought on the world soulmate because no one, no one, could fill him or wrap around him the way that Steve does. No one could draw moans from his body like they need them to breathe. No one can kiss him the way Steve is with such tender passion that Tony quakes from the touch of his lips. His body shaking as he pulls out to push back in reveling in the pure ecstasy that his the love of his God damn life Steve Rogers. They move so perfectly in sync that Tony loses all concentration beyond the point of Steve’s moans, Steve wrapping tighter around and those lips are sucking on his neck.
“Bi.” Steve interrupted the man’s rant.
He would have his friend back.
Bucky’s eyes flashed with something Steve couldn’t decipher, “Not what I meant.”
“I hate myself,” Tony said quietly this time before lifting from his chair for the first time since Steve entered the shop, kneeled in front of the super soldier and let his breath wash over the other man, “ I hate myself because Pepper had to be the one to tell me to do this,”
Really they both need it.
Sometimes he needed Steve to be rough, he needed Steve to take charge and remind him who is the boss but he could never ask that of his beloved boyfriend. Steve was an incredible guy with sound morals and sometimes he still acted as if the 1940’s never ended. So to ask him to fuck Tony with his Captain America commanding presence was just too far over the line, at least until Tony started to notice the small hints that Steve’s sexuality was beginning to expand.
Tony was deathly silent. Mouth shut tight eyes closed off to Steve as he looked over the man’s shoulder letting the seconds tick by. For a brief moment, a flash of white-hot embarrassment went through him. He had been stupid to think this was what Tony needed, or that Tony even wanted him to be the one to help comfort him. He didn’t need Steve. Not really. The man had just assumed that Tony would want his help and Steve had selfishly hoped if he could offer himself, offer help, he would have the Tony shaped hole in his life refilled again.
“Hey,” He leaned forward and kissed Steve softly as if Steve were the one who just fucked himself over Tony.
“UH-keep it G rated,” Steve adds before FRIDAYS says yes boss and suddenly the projection is lit up with footage from breakfast about two years ago.
“That doesn’t mean-”
“What are you doing awake,” He moved around the counter turning on the sink to wash his hands, running the water over his forearms before cupping some into his hands and splashing it over his face. He could feel the familiar tingle he got when Tony’s eyes watched his every move so he made a careful decision to leave a few drop across his cheeks as he looked up at his boyfriend. He was rewarded with a small gasp and a carnal look igniting within those gorgeous brown eyes.
Steve tightens his grip on Tony’s hair, “Yes what?”
It made him sick.
“I was wrong, so very wrong, you ar,e not just a gorgeous boy- you, oh you darling are a damn Adonis, magnificent and if I had not been brought up with proper etiquette, and wow would Jarvis be very proud of me I would crawl into your lap to see if you taste as good as you look. Oh,” The man noticed Steve’s expression, “Oh shit, sorry man, not gay? Damn, my meter is off are you-”
“Buckster!” Clint yelled when he walked through the door, the bell jingling over his head.
He didn’t have to time to dwell on the thoughts to much before he saw the man himself emerge from the steaming bathroom. All golden beauty and boy-next-door smile as he walked towards the bed his hands dropping his own towel against a chair as he stood before Tony. At this stance Tony and Steve could see eye-to-eye. The super soldier leaned forwards brushing his fingers across Tony’s facial hair and brushing his thumb over his lip until Tony opened his mouth and sucked the digit in. He gasped, biting his tongue as his boyfriend licked over his thumb nail and let the fingers fall out his mouth with an exaggerated pop.
He had gotten off early, his boss letting him study extra for exams when Tony had come the library coffee in hand and books of his own, Stowing away at “their” table in the back of the library, one hidden behind the stacks of documentaries and herbology texts where one light flickered off and on and people were extra quiet afraid to break the spell of silence. They’d been there for two, three hours, leaning against each other as Steve read over pages and pages of the Architectural Geometry and The Future of Architecture. His fingers covered in marker spots, ink, and somehow grease from where he brushed against Tony.
“I love you,” Steve says before meeting him halfway and they end up making out on their knees, Steve’s cock still bobbing between them and Tony’s begging to be set free. When Steve wanders his hand down his length his bucks forward against it, moaning as he slips his briefs down to his knees and stroke those damned super soldier hands over his cock.
“Yes boss,” The AI answered.
He really wished they would understand that that wasn’t what made him not want to get up in the mornings. That wasn’t what made him skip six physical therapy appointments until Steve physically force (and when the hell did Steve get stronger than him?) Bucky out of bed. He could live around the pain, he could handle the nightmares of waking up and trying to reach for the darkness with an arm that wasn’t there, he could handle the phantom feeling that it was twitching against him.
He kissed him.
Clint had been the first to actually hint at anything unusual. They had been standing around the common kitchen making their usual breakfast with a missing flourish when Tony had stumbled in smelling of motor oil and week-old laundry. Clint had been perched on the chair, his elbows digging into his thighs when their resident billionaire leaned next to him and chugged down some coffee. The archer’s nose had wrinkled up, eyebrows drawing tight and his mouth opened before any of them had even registered what was about to happen.
“Stop,” Steve’s hand is suddenly pulling Tony’s hair back. Deep brown eyes met dilated blues and both of them watched the other force breathe into their lungs before Steve stands back off the bed and pulls Tony along with him, “On your knees,” He commands.
“Stop,” He tugged Tony back causing the man to gasp, “You have a job to do,” Coiling heat spilled into Tony’s stomach as he watched his boyfriend’s face pull into the commanding look he wore as Captain America. His dick jumped.
He knew that look.
That unleashed a dam of wanton desire. Tony moaned, arching back and letting Steve’s fingers sink into him over and over and he rocked his hips against his hand and begged to feel that brush of his prostate that would send fire through him. Steve scissored his hole as he fucked back against him, the pads of his finger finally brushing over that sweet bundle of nerves that dripped moans from Tony’s lips that could be heard from China.
That had been the reaction he was hoping for.
He might not know exactly what Tony is going through but he knew a thing or two about heartbreak. “JARVIS, mute,” The music stopped filling the shop with shocking silence. Steve watched Tony’s shoulder tense before he shook his head side to side he didn’t say anything to Steve just kept typing in numbers over and over his fingers never slowing no matter how tense his shoulder had gotten.
“Tony,” Steve felt himself tremble at the sight of his friend.
‘Uh,” He faltered for a moment before he noticed Steve was trying to hold back laughter. Why was he laughing? This wasn’t a laughing moment, this was a serious-to-God moment that He was trying to have here. He even got down on wet, cold grass for this man and he was laughing at him. Tears, yes, but laughter? Come on.
Fingers tapped idly against the countertop a nervous tick he never quite kicked as he grew into an adult. His nanny called it his genius tail, you always knew Tony had something gearing in his mind when he couldn’t hold his fingers still. It was one of the first things Steve noticed when he walked into the mansion after his morning run, besides the fact that Tony was awake before seven am. His blue eyes looked over those fingers as they tapped against the expensive counter before briefly pausing to smudge fingerprints only to return to their regular fidgeting.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh as he watched his boyfriend stumble through the room discarding his clothes in various places only to have a robot reach for them and toss them where they belong. His eyes followed the curve of Tony’s back as he stripped his shirt off, then his tank top and Steve could see the bruises and cuts that he knew was littering all of their bodies. Steve wanted to kiss every scrape, every contusion and mark that scattered over his lover’s body. When Tony started to pull off his pants and drop them by the bedroom door Steve nearly lost his mind. The billionaire wasn’t wearing his usual briefs so the super soldier was met with a wonderful view of his ass that made the Captain want to take a bite.
“It’s okay.” he heard Steve say from the foot of the bed. Bucky tried to look, tried to turn to Steve and ask him why he wasn’t holding him, why Bucky wasn’t good enough?
“Steve,” Bucky pleaded.
“Harder, Steve,” He needed it. Needed to be fucked over ten ways from Sunday until he was nothing left but a withering mess.
“ I’m gonna fuck you, baby,” Steve warned before removing his hand and barely giving Tony time to whine before he slicked up his cocked and shoved it into Tony’s clenching hole.
“Yes, yes, God there, yes,” Steve kept the pace, holding Tony in place so that he didn’t move off as their pace lost its rhythm and Steve felt his whole body tighten, heat swelling through his groin tugging his balls up. He went faster risking one hand to wrap around Tony’s leaking cock because if Steve was going to come he was damn sure going to make sure Tony did before him. He barely even got two pumps over the brown eye man’s dick before Tony cried out and painted Steve’s chest with hot white stripes. Steve stuttered a wave of lust crashing over him so hard his vision whited out as he came. The room washed away nothing but pleasure, nothing but Tony and wet kisses pressing over his temple, fingers massaging his shoulder blades and he rode through wave after wave of his orgasm. When he could finally see the room around him the first thing he noticed was Tony’s brown eyes looking down at him and his heart swelled.
That earns a smirk pointed his way as brown eyes flash with amusement, “So that's a yes?”
The saltiness of Tony’s tears mingled with the aching taste of the engineer and Steve drank it all in, holding the man so tight he could feel the hard press of the arc reactor against his own chest. Somewhere between desperate and frantic their hands traveled to each other's shirts, Steve’s fingers pressing into the small of Tony’s back feeling the curve of his spine as he moves slowly, so slowly Steve barely realized he could feel the other man’s hips grinding down against him. It nearly distracted him from the digging pressure of Tony’s nails along his shoulder blades, nails scratching at the muscle there just enough to send a shiver down the soldier’s spine and elicit a moan into the engineers mouth. Tony swallowed it down heartily, licking across the roof of Steve’s mouth before massaging his tongue and pulling back brown eyes blown wide with lust, red rimmed from falling tears.
The therapist told him this was normal.
Rolling his eyes, Bucky hoisted his back further up his shoulder, “No problem I can always come back later-”
Tony was so in love with him it was pathetic.
Steve pulled his coat tighter against him when he noticed Tony eyeing a lone bench off the edge of the park, “You wanna sit down?” He asked offhandedly, tugging the zipper up of his coat with one hand as the other waved over the bench. Tony’s reaction was slow but he nodded his head and led the way to sit down after Steve but not before awkwardly tugging at his watch.
“I think that’s the correct term? I like both? Well, I prefer men-” Steve’s sentence died off slowly, watching as the stranger licked his lips slowly, eyes darkening.
“Damn, fucking beautiful Tony, fuck, you are so incredible and gorgeous the way you wrap yourself around my cock,” After all this time Tony still manages to blush whenever Steve dirty talks him during sex. Mainly because despite the current situation they are in Steve still manages to be sweet and caring and Tony doesn’t deserve him. He doesn’t mean to, he really doesn’t but he falters a little bit and Steve misses the sudden change in rhythm which causes his cock to slide down Tony’s throat and hit it a little too roughly which nearly causes him to pass out from the pain, but it turns it all off.
With wide eyes the billionaire grabbed the soap then the wash rag and began to clean the gorgeous golden expanse of Steve Rogers body. Starting from his shoulder, his broad muscled shoulder with fading bruises scattered across the smooth skin down his back when Tony fingered the contusions that littered the Captain’s spine but were already beginning to fade. He bypassed his ass, biting his lips as he fought the urge to knead the muscled globes with his fingers until Steve was writhing against him.
Steve arched an eyebrow, “I need to wash my hair,” His voice was thick and breathless and Tony could almost see his pupils dilated all the way down here. He bet if he could wrap his mouth around the golden red head of his cock he could pull some of the world’s most beautiful sounds from between Steve’s lips.
Figuring it out meant Bucky had applied to a nearby community college that allowed for extension classes to be had on the university campus. It meant Steve worked grueling hours at the campus library during the school year, a coffee shop, and a children’s club during the summer, while Bucky worked nearly every free time in construction just to afford to survive.
"Then stop saying it's my fault," He tugged his shirt out of the man's fingers, "Stop trying to undress me.”
He looked down at the hand before biting his tongue and shaking it once, twice and releasing the appendage, fighting the urge to wipe his palm across his jeans. He would keep his cool tonight, really he would. He definitely was not planning on getting as smashed as possible until Sam dragged him out of here and deposited his drunk ass somewhere away from the lovesick eyes Steve was giving the brunette.
They hadn’t set foot in the compound in nearly three weeks, none stop fighting, chasing and moving was their lives for the last three weeks and lets not even mention the lack of suitable showers. Tony wasn’t afraid to complain about the lack of worthy accommodations for his spoiled (Princess, Sam had so cheerfully leered at him) ass. They spent most nights sleeping upright in the jet, their eyes never really closing for fear of being attacked or missing an update on FRIDAY. By the time they had finally taken down all of the remaining clones, extracting every bout of information that was stored in their shiny shells, everyone was a little worse for wear.
“I was wondering if you’d let me test the new idea for the suit by the way,” He starts in hoping to distract himself, “I honestly think that if we change the style around the pelvic area you would have more space to bend and stretch. It would honestly be a simple fix, I’d just need your suit for a day or two and possibly you for a live model and-” Steve reached out and squeezed Tony’s hand. He closed his mouth, brown eyes catching blue ones as a smirk wrapped around the fork in Steve’s mouth.
Which is what led Steve to bypassing the gym that day and standing outside of Tony’s workshop with a twisting stomach and a raised fist waiting to knock, tap, whatever it took to get his friend’s attention.
“I love you,” Steve said at last.
“Its okay,” He wasn’t sure what he was okaying just that it seemed to help release some of the tension in Tony’s shoulders as the man continued, “I laid there trying to drift my mind back to Pepper, tried rolling over to her side of the bed to feel her lying there somehow but my mind couldn't conjure her image up. I couldn’t even roll my emotions to feel her absence and it terrified, scared me to the point of a panic attack. Yeah, the great Tony Stark scared himself into a panic attack because he couldn’t smell his girlfriend’s perfume,” His voice had gone small. Steve shifted forward pressing his palm closer to Tony’s fingers. Heart pounding so hard he wasn’t sure if he himself wouldn’t fall to a panic attack. He wanted to reach forward and pull the other man into a hug, press his lips to Tony’s temple and whisper that it would all be okay. Somehow some way everything would be all okay. He wanted so badly to let Tony know it was all going to be- he justed wanted Tony to know.
Bucky said nothing just ignored how shirtless Steve was, ignored the fact that three hickies were dotting Steve’s chest, and that Tony was still dancing along to the radio in THEIR kitchen oblivious to the fact that this was his and Steve’s space.
“Sorry, Darling, I ramble whenever I’m not well occupied,” Tony would cock his head to the side, dark eyes flashing and in those moments Steve would swear they were a deep blue before he moved and they’d be back to the prettiest shade of brown he had ever imagined.
He should have called Steve Sir along time ago.
Clint nodded, leaning in closer to Bucky’s ear, warm breath brushing over his neck, stubble scratching across Bucky’s chin sending a shiver down his spine, “A Stark. Daddy owns half of New York, possibly most of California. He’s the heir to the Stark Industries company, super smart, super charismatic and kind of overall pain in the ass.”
Steve’s arm came around his waist, fingers reaching for the soap in Tony’s hand, “Hey,” he pressed a kiss into Tony’s shoulder blade.
Steve smiled, “Middle of the bed, ass up,”
Steve bit his lip, “No, you need to clean me,”
“By this time next year it’ll be like you never even lost the arm,” She winced, “Sorry. Bad joke,”
Tony mewled, fucking mewled, beneath Steve’s onslaught hands touching every inch of the soldier that he could reach, fingers playing at the band of his pants tugging at the leather belt and groaned as their erections rubbed together through strained material.
Instead, he reached off to the left barely able to grab the extra stool and pulling it behind him to sink down and come eye to eye with his friend, “Cry to me,” The words had flowed out of him quicker than he had meant for them too. He hadn’t even meant for them to come out quite like that, he had wanted to tell Tony that he would listen to him, listen to the story that was behind the ghosts and help him through it as best he could. That Tony had someone to lean on, to trust in, until he could put himself back onto his feet and walk with his head held high once again.
He promised.
“You’re going to ready yourself for me,” He lets Steve drop his hand to his ass, “Get yourself open and wet for me,” Tony keeps eye contact with Steve as he steps forwards and pressed his cock against Steve’s mouth who whimpers wonderfully beneath him.
Something flips inside of him that turns the world into a pointed view as he remembers Steve’s order. Remembers why he came out here in the first place and suddenly he’s on his knees in the middle of the bed, leaning back against his heels because despite what he wishes his age does factor how long he can sit like this.
He was lying in bed trying to fight off some evil monster with a screeching laugh that sounded like tires spinning on wet pavement. His heart was pounding, and he kept screaming to wake up! Wake up! Dammit, just wake up! When suddenly Steve was there shushing him, rocking him, bare chest pressed against Bucky’s back so he could feel the rise and fall of the other man’s breathing. Slowly the evil monster disappeared and Bucky could breathe for what felt like the first time in forever, all because Steve had come to his rescue.
“Sometimes people fall out of love, Tony, it’s not unheard of,” He had heard it said on one of those talk shows Clint was so fond of.
“Fuck, yes, yes I want to fuck myself against your fingers, but God I’d rather fuck against you, Steve,” That heated the coil inside of the super soldiers stomach. He added a third finger, felt Tony tense up before relaxing and squirming around him.
‘FRIDAY,” He never broke eye contact.
“We’ve barely even started and you’re already so damn needy,” He leans down and licks over the slit, tongue lapping up the tangy precome and soaking up the throaty noises Steve makes.
“I’m going to pull out just enough, sweetheart,” Steve did just as he said resting his cock against Tony’s stretched out lips, “And I want you to look at me as you suck me, gorgeous,” Tony’s eyes shot up to catch Steve’s blown out blue orbs and without hesitation he sunk his cheeks in and took Cap into his mouth until the he filled every crevice of his orifice. He watched Cap’s eyes open wide, his own tongue darting out to wet his lips as Tony sucked over his head, licking him in before sucking down his shaft and pulling back to swallow the precome and start all over. He wanted to take Steve now, to work until his seams came undone and Tony could proudly say he had taken Captain America apart with just his damn mouth. He wanted to pull those beautiful noises out of his lips, seeing those all American eyes haze over with pleasure as Tony swallows him whole like the slut he is.
“Fuck,” Everything moved so quickly he couldn’t focus both their pants stripped his eyes gracing over Tony’s red gold cock already leaking and begging for attention he lost time and space once again after he felt Tony slick his own cock up and beg him, fucking whimpered under him with half closed eyes as Steve registered that one of Tony’s hands were opening himself up, for Steve to-God forSteve to be inside of him.
He pulls out to let Steve whimper a please and he can barely contain the shiver that spreads over me as he slides down Steve’s body and captures his lips with his owns. Steve keeps his legs spread so Tony can press his head into Steve’s tight heat, capturing the hiss that escapes him with his tongue.
“What-” Bruce trips over his words.
“FRIDAY,” Tony never breaks eye contact.
Worry doused the jealousy for a moment as Bucky stepped forward to see what had made Steve go silent.
“FUCK!” Tony screamed out arching back against his boyfriend intrusion, so fucking thick and welcomed as his hole burned and writhed around him, but God if he didn’t move Tony was going to blow up all of New York.
Steve starts to pull out, worry and fear lacing his eyes because he can see the tears Tony is trying to hold back but before he can pull out Tony grips his backside and pushes him back in. Those red rimmed brown orbs pleading with him to not stop and God, Steve would do anything for Tony.
‘Such a fucking Slut, Tony, so willing and wanting to swallow my cock down,” His voice was strained as his hips begun to stutter, “Fuck, fuck Tony I’m going to spill down your fucking throat and you’re going to, gah, fucking take it,” Tony looked up at him caught his eyes bright before they closed and Cap shot forward hot, tangy spurts clogging the last remaining chance for air Tony had left.
?) that was the exact measurement as his right arm, down to the way the pinky finger bent slightly to the left. He could move it, flex it, bend it, with some serious thinking and a little strain but Shuri had promised him that was normal.
Steve rolled his eyes, “Get to the moseying part, Stark,” Their hands were still tight around one another every once and awhile Steve would rub circle into the top of Tony’s hand with his thumb and Tony would quickly pull his hand to his lips before letting them fall between them once more. Somewhere along the way they strayed off the normal path and started walking along the edge of Central Park, the wind had picked up a little and you could really start to feel the nip from the November air around them.
He thrusts up into him feeling Steve quake beneath him and when Tony hit the same spot he grins into the soldier’s neck. Steve is wrapped around like a koala on a tree, letting Tony fuck into his prostate as he moves his hips to meet each breathtaking thrust until Tony can feel that heating tingle starts in his spine, pooling into his balls to tighten against Steve’s ass. His hips stutter and lose rhythm.
“Fuck,” Tony murmured letting Steve slip out of him with a burning loss before he fell to the bed. He felt his boyfriend move up beside him but the pressure disappeared leaving Tony aching and cold. He opened his eyes to see Steve re emerging from the bathroom with a towel and smile that sent goosebumps over Tony’s skin.
‘Oh damn, Tony, ride me, God, I’m so close,” He pulled the man even tighter against his chest, feeling Tony moved his hips over his cock in a sensual delicious rhythm until he could feel Tony himself began to tighten around his length.
Tony cleared his throat, ‘I-uh-I figured we could get breakfast or something,” He refused to blush but his damn traitorous body had other plans. He could feel the flaming flush crawl its way up his neck, settling into his cheeks forcing his to duck his face away from Steve in an attempt to remain calm.
He almost buckles over him when Steve’s tongue slide across his slit, “Good, so fucking good for me Steve,” He moans as he fucks himself into Steve’s mouth.
, “Sure.”
Bucky grabbed his hand, “That’s not fair to you-”
“He’ll take care of you.” He heard Steve promise before Tony’s lips ghosting across Bucky’s throat, nipping down at his collarbone, tongue tracing the seam where flesh and metal met, sending shivers down Bucky’s spine. He could feel Steve’s hands on his legs holding him in place repeating over and over that it would be okay, that Tony had him, Tony would make everything better, all Bucky had to do was try to relax.
Where did this come from?
It drove Tony insane.
“Steve,” broken voice, “Steve,” He tried again this time much steadier than before and his eyes even flashed with a reminder of the man before. He didn’t say anything else just kept holding Steve’s wrist, fingers pressing harder against the skin leaving red marks that would be gone the moment he released the man. Something deep inside of Steve never wanted Tony to let go, never wanted those fingers prints to leave his skin like the rest of his reminders. He wanted Tony to stay there. He could be alright if they just stayed right here. “Glass of wine?” Tony broke the silence fingers tightening around Steve’s wrist. Steve looked up at him quickly, ‘Pardon?”
“Well then,” He leaned closer to Steve, the hand that had been resting loosely on Steve’s knee suddenly came to life, edging up his thigh carefully each slide tracked steadily by Steve’s eyes, “How can I make up for you making me spill my coffee all over you,”
Tony shoots all of them a sharp look, “I tried to be romantic. I proposed to him after telling him I loved him for the first time because I’m all about class but apparently-” He stops and noticed a whole line of raised eyebrows and smirks across his team- “What?”
He could.
He steps into the cold room, hissing at the air that painfully perks his nipples and threatens to douse his libidio., “FRIDAY 75 degrees please,” He rubs the towels across his wet shoulder and sighs when he can feel the careful stream of warm air coming from the vents. He pauses then curses, “FRIDAY what temperature is the compound set at?”
“The moment it's too much you tap my hip,” He lifts his hand and shows Tony what he means, “If anything, ANYTHING, becomes to much you tap it, okay? I’ll stop, I won’t even hesitate, okay, Sweetheart? I need to hear you say okay,”
“Steve,” Tony moaned pushing his body up against his in a cry for more. Steve nearly lost it at the desperate look on Tony’s face, those red lips swollen and wet, hair mussed and face flushed. Steve watched him dart his tongue out to wet his lips once more and groaned he dropped to Tony’s neck kissing and nipping a line down to his collar bone before biting just over the arc reactor and eliciting the dirtiest sound he has ever heard. Tony’s hands flying up to grip at Steve’s hair and pull the man’s mouth back up to his. Tony bit Steve’s lips, sucking the flesh into his mouth and tugging it back as he stretched his lithe body beneath him and wiggled his hips short circuiting Steve’s mind. Something dark, something sinful and passion fueled blanketed any further thought he had once he felt Tony slide his hand into Steve’s pants (when did he manage to undo Steve’s belt?) and wrap those clever fingers around Steve’s cock and twisted his wrist.
He woke up covered in sweat, chest aching, shame wringing his body until he leaned over the edge of the bed and threw up.
Above all things Steve had grown to enjoy about Tony’s, well, personality, since he had met him, was that he never made Steve feel insignificant. He never made him feel cheap, or of lesser value, because he couldn’t afford the coffee shop every day of the week, he couldn’t afford to miss work or that he sometimes had to wear the same shirt three days in a row because laundry detergent was a luxury not a given. He especially didn’t judge Steve when he found him bent over the Chemistry book that might as well be in Spanish with how well Steve understood it. Hands in his hair trying to make sense of a chemical compound, Steve couldn’t grasp why he needed to know. He’d grabbed the text, tugged a highlighter out of Steve’s bag, and begun explaining the different components in simpler terms than even the teacher had broken them down into.
It just wasn’t fair. “I-I don’t understand.” He stammered to Clint who had become his designated drinking buddy that night.
“I like him, Buck,” He pleaded for his friend to understand. He knew Bucky would react negatively when he found out about Tony’s age and that Steve had said nothing about him after nearly nine months of knowing the kid, but it had become such a habit to hide this part of Steve that even after coming out he couldn’t quite break the routine.
That brought him back to reality.
Steve watched Tony carefully as his eyes examined the damage, a small smile tugging his lips up before he turned back to Steve and shrugged, “Her perfume never lingered,” Tony said quietly.
“Steve,” Tony whispered close to his ear Steve shivered. He dared a look up at the man and was met with half mast eyes that were laced with worry.
He could practically hear Bucky in the back of his head, leaning against him, a cigarette dangling from his lips. His application for the Army dangling from his fingers still unsigned and still a twisted knife embedded in Steve’s chest.
“Fuck, yes baby,” their lips meet feverishly. Steve’s hand never pausing as they kiss and stumble their way down to the floor where steve’s on his knees and Tony is half leaning against him his mouth tearing away for a thick groan to escape him.
“Steve,” His voice was weak causing the super soldier to nearly drop to his knees and wrap the man in the tightest hug he had in him.
He would lie awake at night, staring up at the ceiling of the apartment Tony had bought for him, imagining that he could feel his arm being ripped from his body. Imagining that he could hear the scream coming from him as the paramedics lifted his body off the ground and the muscles and tendons stretched agonizingly as they took him away, but his arm stayed behind.
He was in love with the super soldier and like a punch, to his gut, he didn’t know how to react to the sudden wave of powerful emotion washing through him.
The silence nearly exploded with awkward.
Tony gasped when Steve touched his head to his lips, his fingers squeezing his jaw until the engineer let his mouth fall slack and Steve pushed his cock in enough to rest the thick head over Tony’s tongue, “I want you to lick me,” He breathes. Tony did as he was told, tongue lapping up over the slit and tasted the tangy precome that lit a sparking coil deep inside of his chest. He licked the under head of Steve’s cock, rubbing that oh so sensitive sweet spot under the head and making sure to damn well treat it like a lollipop because when Tony did a job he did his fucking job.
The genius opened his mouth to say something smart but closed it just as quickly. He had to do this and he had to do this right or else he was going to regret everything in his life from this moment on. Okay here goes.
“May 8th, 2015 time approximately 14:03, “ He saw the glint in Steve’s eyes because Maybe Tony had finally just remembered it and maybe he hates himself right now. The screen showed them on the couch in their apartment area, Steve was cradling Tony’s head in his lap, his fingers tracing over a bruise across his face that took up the entire left side.
“Woah,” Steve shoved his shirt back down, wincing at the friction across his sensitive skin.
He had begun to rise of his stool accepting the building shame and willing to pretend as if this was all some stupidly bad dream and move on from the friendship he had thought they had built when Tony reached for his wrist. Heat travelled through his body warming up his arms where Tony’s fingers pressed into his pulse point, curling slightly so that his nails dug into Steve’s skin leaving marks that would ache a normal man. He looked at Tony’s brown eyes watching them shift from the cutting glass filled humor to something softer, trembling even as he pulled Steve back to the stool. Not once letting go of his wrist.
“On the bed and on your back first,” He orders.
It took an extra thirty minutes before his super soldier boyfriend finally finished eating, thirty long agonizing minutes where Tony had said and re-said those three words to him over and over and nearly a hundred different scenarios. Most ending with Cap telling him it was too soon and patting his hand before leaving him alone in a cafe with blueberry drizzle on his fingers. Other usually ended with a huge fight, a goliath fight, where the two of them duked it out because Cap thought he was crazy or Tony said all the wrong things and it just escalated quickly. Maybe one or two of them ended with a happy blowjob at the end and a bit of blueberry drizzle to lick away too.
He wasn’t sure if the feeling crawling up his spine was something he needed to worry about or something he needed to just fall in to.
“Please, please move, Steve please,” He rocked back against him and finally the super soldier gave way and thrusted his hips pushing in until Tony could feel his pubic hair before pulling back out with just his head stretching Tony’s hole before he pounded back inside of Tony. Repeating the rhythm over and over until Tony could barely handle the building burn inside of him.
“Fuck, Tony, fuck,” Steve had grabbed the back of Tony’s hair a little harder and was starting to thrust in time with Tony’s sucking. His Dick hitting the back of Tony’s throat but never quite fulfilling the need within the billionaire to prove his worth.
“Hooray-” Thor begins to congratulate them but Tony shuts that down quick.
“No,” He deadpanned.
“Yes sir!” Tony cried as he came over Steve’s hand, white hot streaks spurting out and splashing across the scars from the arc reactor and Steve lost his mind at the sight and spilled over into Tony. The engineer rode over him slowly drawing out the orgasms they were both coming down from.
“God, Tony, fill me up,” He grunts out and Tony fucking loses it. He pounds faster into him, balls smacking Steve’s ass but Tony lifts up, pulls back and wraps his hand around Steve’s cock who screams out Tony’s name.
“Steve-”
“When-When you stupidly kissed me back that day, the-well you know the one,” And they both knew the one. That day had started all of this.
“You’re not the first person to receive sexy messages from their partner.”
He hadn’t meant for it to come out like that at all but it had some effect on Tony because he stuttered and flushed as his mouth tried to catch up with his head, “I. I. uh, well, wait, you, um what?”
He slowed his ministrations, “Am I doing something wrong,” Oh God, Oh God, he had very little experience at this. Maybe he had been too focused on how good it felt for him he had let Tony’s pleasure push to the back burner. Oh God.
Steve’s eyes widened taking it the expanse of olive skin before him that made his body ache to feel it beneath him, he wanted to trace his fingertips across the vast scars spanning out from the arc reactor, following the path with his lips and tongue wanting to feel Tony shiver beneath him. A warm heat blossomed in his chest as he scanned over Tony’s body to stop at his belly button and inwardly moan.
Tony looked up at him with pleading brown eyes and Steve’s mouth shut instantly, “I am going to need you to not say anything, anything until I finish okay,” He took Steve’s shaking hand and frowned, “Also calm down,”
‘Steve?” He was kneeling in front of the man, he knew what a sight he must be just dropped before him stunned over the length placed to wonderfully in his face.
“Set just this level for seventy five, return all other levels to their original temperatures unless otherwise directed,” He drops the towel and kneels on the bed.
Tony was, for lack of a better word, eccentric.
“Focus on rearming my gorgeous friend here, okay Princess?” he would tell her.
“Say it.” Steve orders.
Tony himself had dozed off against Steve’s shoulder, his robotics text left half closed with a screwdriver wedged between the pages as a makeshift bookmark. His body had gone lax about an hour ago, breathing deeply until he suddenly jerked away, brushed drool from his chin only to close his eyes and doze off again. Steve had lowered himself in his seat allowing the kid to have a better angle on his shoulder, his hair tickling Steve’s cheek, the scent of sandalwood, and coconut a strange concoction that calmed Steve’s pounding heart.
“It’s okay Stevie,”
“It’s all right, gorgeous,” He was pulling out a condom, “I’ll do all the work and you just get lost inside your mind.”
Tony was in their apartment.
Steve shot him a look, “Tony calming down is not something on my list right now,”
“Ye-Yes sir,” Tony nearly jumped out of the shower.
Steve bit his lip, “all right.”
Tony looked up at those blue eyes, “We all do,”
“THAT DOES NOT COUNT!” Tony waved his hand over the screen changing the image but he glared at Steve who was trying, really truly trying, not to laugh at him right now.
They had seen Rhodey tense next to Tony. Surprisingly there could be seen a little shift in Tony too. That had been new; he was used to such kind of questions. But whatever it had been, he had shrugged it off rather quickly, evading the press conference any further: “Seeing as the questions all have turned more personal than regarding the topic, I will now close this press conference. Thank you.”
“He- He was pregnant back then?” Steve asked, his voice breaking.
He takes a last deep breath.
“That’s not how it …” Steve starts but the beta stops him.
“You know if you want, I could come with you,” he said.
The Omega looked towards the door, where his best friend just entered. He noticed his worried look. A look he got sick off, having seen it way too often these past years. It was making him sick, that he got sick from his friends worry. He tried to stand up straight again, as he was still supporting himself on the bed.
Punch.
“Exactly. Well, he used his time stone to look in, I think, 14 million different realities, searching for a successful outcome against Thanos. We only won in one.” The last sentence was spoken with a shrugging voice. Tony took a brief pause before continuing, ignoring the wary looks the survivors were shooting at each other: “And I believe we are in that one reality where we can win. Strange never told me exactly how we did it but according to his last words and the fact he voluntarily gave the time stone to Thanos, I am pretty sure that that’s the fact.”
“Yeah I know, I don’t have the best reputation and honestly, 80 % of what you heard about me is probably true. But I know what it feels like when people steal your tech or take fame for something you did, so I’m really not going to do that. Also, I really like you.” He smiled at her and she could feel herself blush.
Everyone at the table was giving each other strange looks.
“I hate that man more and more” Rhodey said, shaking his head.
“I know” Steve admitted.
“For what?” Tony looks at Steve again.
“Tony decided to tell no one. Vision and me and later Dr. Cho and Pepper were the only ones who knew. Of course he couldn’t tell Ross. He was cornering Tony already because you were his bond mate and he had deliberately refused to help him when you broke into the prison. Well, he wasn’t quite wrong about it but he also had no proof. Though he mistrusted Tony and Tony needed his trust, if he wanted to prevent any more arrests. If he had found out about the pregnancy, only God knows what Ross would have done. But to that later.
It was also the first time that Tony looked at Steve, though, without their eyes meeting. Tony was too afraid looking into his former lover’s eyes, seeing them so broken and yet so beautiful and magnificent blue, that he feared he would get lost in them again, like he used to. Steve on the other hand didn’t know if he wanted their eyes to meet. He wanted Tony to see that he felt sorry for what happened, that he regretted it and would love to talk but he was also afraid of seeing pure hate in Tony’s eyes, that he remembered sparkling whenever he was talking about his inventions, work and improvements. What if he lost this light in his eyes? It would break him only more.
Natasha and Rhodey were the ones who tried to inform the government about what had happened. The confusion and utterly horror of watching your loved ones turn to dust should have turned into a mass panic, which gratefully hasn’t happened yet. He knew it was only the calm before the storm. The shock had still to set in and it was going to happen soon.
Steve smiled at that. Sam really was a good friend and he was sure he would be an amazing Captain America. But this journey will be his own.
we could win but I already have an idea. And for this plan to work we’ll need her help.” Tony pointed towards Shuri.
“But it could …”
me. He never does and you know it. Also, weren’t you listening to Rhodey? He said that Tony does
“I know” Steve answers. He still holds Tonys face in one hand, lovingly stroking over his cheekbone, while he lets the other one wander to Tonys neck, slowly stroking over the teeth marks there. It’s a gesture meant to calm Omegas, to show them affection, to make them feel protected. It’s a strangely intimate gesture meant only to be between mates.
Tony continues: “Because we are only humans and we both made mistakes that had consequences. I knew something like that was bound to happen and I thought I was prepared but I wasn’t. We’re just … so different.”
“We should talk about that plan of yours. I mean, keeping it to you is not really ‘working together’”
Shuri looked at Tony with a smile. “Can I take that as a compliment?” she asked. The man only raised one eyebrow at her.
“Yes, I know. Let it in.” she looked at Steve and then back to Okoye: “And gather the other Avengers. We have a visitor.” Okoye nodded at her and went back inside the castle.
Breathe in. Count to three. Breathe out. Breath In …
“Yeah. They are going to belittle you. Especially because you are an Omega.” Tony watched Shuri intently. She looked suddenly so small, her eyes down casted.
“You ready, Cap?” Bruce asks and Steve takes a deep breath before he nods towards Bruce. “I’ll meet you back here, ok?” Bruce continues.
“Maybe we have more in common than you might have thought.”
“Tony, I - , I really want this. With you. I want to be yours again and I want you to be mine again. Is that …” he gulps. “Is that all right with you?”
They were sitting in a large room furnished similar like the living room area in the Avengers compound. There was a big table with chairs, a couch around a big TV and some kind of hobby devices. The décor and colors were way different though. Even though the castle was pretty modern, there were still touches from Wakanda. Carpets rich in color of red interwoven with different kinds of orange, browns and greens. It radiated warmth.
Steve slowly raises his hand and cups Tonys right cheek, his thumb slowly once stroking along his cheekbone. Tony grinned and leans into the touch. After giving Steve one last look he gently closes his eyes and it’s a sight that makes Steves heart flutter. He doesn’t want this moment to end, he wants to cherish this sight and Tony but he also really
“Wow. Sounds like quite a harsh break up” Thor said. “Yeah” Bruce added. “That wasn’t really fair, from both of you” he added. “And many more innocent people were hurt” he continued, looking shortly at his friend who now could no longer walk alone. This had been quite the shock to the doctor.
Bucky looked at him knowingly when Steve told him about the upcoming mission.
Bucky let out a sigh and came up to hug Steve. Steve stiffened at first but then he let exhaustion and grief overcome him. He went limp against him and cried. Bucky held him through it and told him it was okay. Except it wasn’t.
They hug each other for one last time and Steve swears to himself he will search and find Bucky way sooner in the past. Bucky let’s go with a pat on his back.
Said man took in a shaky breath. He only nodded, relaxing his hands he didn’t noticed he had clenched into fists.
Crack. Punch.
“Look at me.”
“Yes, it was Tony who suggested to capture you, but only because Ross was willing to go over dead bodies, Steve” Natasha said.
“Oh Tony.” Steves voice filled with love made Tony shiver, having missed it so much. “May I kiss you?”
His thoughts were spiraling at his memories of Steve, when he noticed his racing heartbeat and tensing of his mussels. Symptoms he had learned to notice immediately. Trying to calm himself he took in some deep breaths.
. He felt something salty on his lips and only noticed now that he was crying. He saw Tony slipping away from Pepper.
“Steve!” she kneeled beside him, slowly entangling his hands out of his hair and checking them over. They were bruised and he probably broke some of his bones. “Oh Steve …” she breathed out as she searched for his eyes.
“I don’t know. But I was so angry Steve. I know he’s your only connection to your past. Your best friend. Heck, I know what it feels like to be responsible for so many deaths without having any control over it, but I was so …” His eyes wandered off towards the left battlefield before returning to Steve once more: “I trusted you. I had to watch my mother being killed. By him, and a- and you knew it wasn’t an accident and you were choosing him over me.” He knew he was on the verge of shouting.
It was then that Natasha thought it had really been a good idea to bring Thor along.
“Sam has already left to reunite with his family, but I do not really have a place to stay for now. Not after I have been apparently gone for five years.” Bucky said.
“Ross found out about the pregnancy, I still don’t know how, he wasn’t showing enough as that it couldn’t be hidden in a hoody and he had scent blockers on. He confronted him about it in one of their meetings and threatened him. That bastard had found out about Clint’s family and their house and was close to finding them, demanding help from Tony. He was talking him right into a panic attack. And all Tony could think about was saving Clint’s Ass and that they couldn’t touch his family. They are innocent after all. By the time they finally noticed something was wrong and called an ambulance it was already too late. His body had a total breakdown. It was trying to save him so … the baby was seen as a parasite and repelled them. Tony woke up about a week later, no longer with the child.”
Or Tony was simply way too stubborn and trying to be independent or maybe it was all of that.
Bucky listens the whole time and after he finished, he tells him that that is a normal feeling when losing someone you loved and assured him that they are not taking it personally. Steve had realized his feelings for Tony in the 2 years before Thanos. He and Bucky had talked about it when he had visited him in Wakanda.
Rocket took some steps forward as the hatch of the ship opened. There were two figures staggering out, supporting each other’s bodies. When he finally spotted Tony he led out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Tony was alive.
“You said you know what it feels like to get your tech stolen and someone else taking credit for something you did. The world outside is cruel towards Omegas.”
“Neither Tony nor I blame you longer for what happened. We are angry, yes, but because how bad we
“No. We had already decided to trade the stone not even for a life. I think he did it because we will need
Their eyes finaly connect again for the first time since Siberia.
“No you didn’t Steve. You didn’t know and I didn’t tell you. I didn’t even think it was possible for me to still get pregnant you know. It would have killed me probably anyway” and yeah Tony was rambling again. Steve pressed him closer to his chest.
“No it doesn’t.” After a long breath that felt like forever she broke the silence once more, her voice calm: “He doesn’t know right?” Carefully she added: “About the baby?”
Who would have thought that they would reunite just the next day?
Time Travel. It sounded too good to be true but who was Tony if he wouldn’t be able to make it possible. If they went back in time, could they prevent the so called Civil War from ever happening? Because if Steve would be able to meet his past-self, it would be him, to punch himself in his perfect teeth. He would shout at himself to listen to Tony, to attempt to sit down with the whole pack again, discussing it together. Maybe Tony would have listened to Steve then too. He would have told himself to tell Tony, to not hide the information about his parents.
“No, we are no longer together.” Steve had winced at that statement but soon had felt rage about the ongoing questions: “Do you feel bad fighting against your Alpha? Are you open for another Bond mate? When will you recruit new Avengers? How do you feel about your Alpha abandoning you for another man? Wasn’t their relationship set to fail from the beginning like the world had told them?”
to win. As I said, he didn’t give any hint about
“That is …” actually pretty good, she thought, but couldn’t find it in her to finish that sentence. Tonys smug face probably one of the reasons for that.
Tony was finally looking at her again. His eyes looked still broken and sad. She could feel he was searching for lies, for anything she said to be not true but he would find none of that.
“Steve I …, I was – I had …” Tony takes in a deep breath but the next words still come out nearly as a whisper: “I had a miscarriage.”
“Where are the others?” he could here Rocket ask, his voice wary.
Shuri stopped laughing at that but couldn’t help herself to smile at the fellow Omega in front of her. “In your dreams old man, I’m way better than you.”
“I have thought about it before and I definitely came to the conclusion that it’s simply not possible” Shuri said.
“… one.”
“I had wanted to ask Sam if he wants to take on the mantle.” He sheepishly said while ducking his head. Bucky lets out a laugh and squeezes Steve’s shoulder.
Tony suddenly realized that he was indeed looking outside again.
“Then why don’t you let Tony tell us?” Steve asked.
“Did he talk about me?” he asked quietly, still not looking at the other Omega.
“No” he said with a hiss.
“Steve.” The Brunette nodded towards him and walked past. Steve turned around, unable to stop himself, and tried to reach out but Nat stopped him and shook her head. Now was not the right time.
“I’m glad that you ask” Tony says, silently thanking his voice for staying steady.
Another punch.
“Shouldn’t that be something for our Tony to decide?”
“And you can help too, Bruce” he said with a shrug.
Steve just watched as Rhodey stormed towards the genius. His armor was ripped apart, blood and dust covering his face and chest. The Alpha inside him screamed. It urged Steve to hug and protect him. Nails digging into his hands, it took everything in him to stay where he was. He had no right to be close to him right now and it was definitely not what Tony wanted.
“So what do you think?”
If Steve wouldn’t have already known, he would have probably not been able to understand the words Tony were saying. Said men was now slowly lifting his eyes to watch Steves reaction and finds a sad smile that leaves the Omega confused.
They all had sought refuge in Wakanda for half a year after the so called ‘Civil War’ and T’Challa had rightfully claimed his throne again. They had followed the news and updates about their former friends together. Welcoming the hospitality, safety and time to figure out how they would go on. The world was treating them like criminals. After one month they finally heard about IronMan, Iron Patriot and Vision who made an public appearance. Tony had looked so tired and broken. Well, for the mass he looked probably like he always looked minus the bruises, but he knew Tony better. They pack knew him better, seeing right through his façade, the sharp inhales next to him confirmed that.
He was attracted to Tony.
“Personal freedoms?” Tony offered.
“Hey Stevie, have you ever given much thought to sex toys?”
Tony would make sure of it.
Tony sat on the couch and lay Stevie down with his head pillowed on Tony’s lap. He fondled Stevie’s dick through his pants for a moment, not enough to get him hard, but enough that he wasn’t completely soft. Then he woke Stevie up, running a hand through his hair. Steve woke up and blushed at their position on the couch, blushing harder when he realised that he was aroused and almost half hard.
Steve froze and read the short article several times before typing bigender into a search engine and reading the same description written in several different ways with more or less information that was on the first sight he read.
Tony nodded and smiled hesitantly. “Yeah… like
“My voice makes you feel so good. You trust my voice. I would never lie to you. I speak only the truth. Every word I speak is true.”
“Yes, thank you. Personal freedoms. So… I was looking at my underwear-”
“Hmm?” Tony turned his head.
Steve keened but did as the was told, bucking his hips into his hand a few times as he tucked himself away. This design had extra room at the front compared to the ladies cut but Tony had this set made up special so there was even more room to accommodate Steve’s impressive cock. Tony’s mouth watered at the sight and he had to take a few minutes to get himself back under control.
“You are coming up, out of the darkness. You can feel your body more. You are still so relaxed but you are more awake now. Your body is still so heavy but you can now open your eyes.”
Stevie loved it when Tony gave him a nickname. He got a little bit turned on whenever Tony called him Doll, Love, Sweetheart or anything on those lines. He loved it when Tony called him Capsicle. It was warm affection and light teasing. Tony just having fun. Stevie adored that nickname. Whenever Tony called him by it, he felt warmth and affection swell in his chest, and he felt happy.
“Stop being a baby Clint. Everyone has underwear.” She turned back to Steve. “You were looking at all the different kinds we have available now right?”
After the fall of SHIELD, he’d hidden away because he was trying to protect the undercover SHIELD agents and was flying all over the globe extracting them and their families and getting them all to safety. Natasha felt guilty about putting them in danger. It wasn’t her intention. She just wanted to take down Hydra but their plan was terrible and put innocent lives in danger. She wasn’t thinking.
Tony also had to deal with a ‘little’ problem before he could clean up and get back to work. It only took a few seconds for Friday to incinerate all of the contaminated fabrics. A few hours later he got a ping that Steve had turned on the tablet. Tony watched a tiny image of Steve’s screen as he browsed the website he’d clicked on, which was not a real page, but rather a page Tony had set up. Sure enough, Steve brought one of each type of underwear, even the sexy ladies’ underwear in his size.
Barton held out the longest, coming down after Steve had left the next day, dropping off Tony’s lunch. Thankfully Tony had worked Steve down that morning, simply reinforcing his current commands working through one thing Steve didn’t like about Tony, making it a non-issue now. Tony was expecting it to take as long as Natasha, if not longer, but as soon as Barton saw the screen on the tablet, he hit the ground
.oOo.
And even though Tony was CTO and Head of R&D at SI he still put so much work into the Avengers. He’d more than proven her assessment wrong. She wasn’t used to being wrong and that upset her but she would try to get to know the real Tony, rather than clinging to the Assessment and trying to believe that she could never be wrong. It was okay to make a mistake here. This was her family. They wouldn’t punish her for something like this.
Tony sigh as he watched his blond hybrid stare daggers at the other hybrid that had settled comfortably on his lap. Which by the was usually reserved for Steve when they were watching their afternoon shows.  But since Thor was their guess and was probably feeling homesick Tony had smiled and patted him gently when the big blond had sneakily crawled over to where he was sitting and settled his head over his lap. Steve had just entered the living room at that moment with a hot cup of afternoon coffee in his hands for Tony. The hybrid knew the brunette always liked to have a cup of black coffee during this time. Wide brown eyes stared in horror as a crack appeared on the side of the cup. (His favorite cup by the way) Steve was shaking a bit as he glared at the hybrid on Tony’s lap. As he tried and failed to get Thor off him all the brunette could do was sigh as he whistled to get Steve’s attention, Which was unbelievable hard since it seemed as though all Steve could see and hear was Thor right now. He didn’t even realize the coffee leaking from the cup he was holding as it was starting to break. “OH MY GOD STEVE! YOUR HAND!” Tony yelled as he carefully maneuvered Thor away from him. Immediately jumping to get the broken cup from Steve’s hands. When he had taken it he cursed as the liquid dripped, burning his skin. That seemed to get the hybrids attention as Steve quickly  jolted from his spot and ran to the brunette’s side who was currently running through the kitchen.
With a sigh their uncle sat down on one of the armchairs as he gestured for the two to do the same. Once Steve and Tony were seated on the couch across from Fury. The older man finally shook his head. feeling the disappointment and humiliation Tony couldn’t help but ramble how sorry they were. Only stopping when their uncle raised his hand again, gesturing for him to stop. “There’s really nothing you two need to be sorry about...i mean yeah i guess you should be sorry..but then again...i already saw this coming..i had told them that this would happen...ever since your parents introduced you to each other...you two just couldn’t keep your hands off each other, especially you Steve..your parents always thought that it was just friendly affections...but i knew better than that..you two were head over heels for each other...i told them...they never listened...” Fury finished with as he rested his head on the soft sofa.
A honk from outside their house had startled him out of his thoughts as he went to glanced out the window. It was Bucky’s car, one of Steve’s friends. Brown eyes patiently waited for the blond to come out and glance up at him with his usual charming grin. Instead he had seen Steve getting up looking a bit flushed, Shirt a bit ruffled and balance unstable. His friend Peggy had tried helping him walk towards their house. Sam and Bucky whistling at them as they did. Tony immediately rushed downstairs to open the locked door for his brother. Hands shaking a bit as he reached for the doorknob. Once Steve was inside the house he wanted to give the blond a piece of his mind, coming home late and drunk in a school night. What was he thinking?
Tonight was absolutely a good first night together.
Steve was fuming as he stood glaring at the two brunette’s who just a few seconds ago were making out right in front of him, unaware of his presence as they simply were too preoccupied to actually notice him open the door and stare wide eye at them. His whole body began to tremble as he just witnessed his little brother moan and press against his so called best friend.
He really hoped he was. Because he couldn’t imagine what he’d do if Steve were to ever leave him.
When the food was done Tony frowned as he saw how little Steve had cooked. The lasagna looked like it was only good for two to eat, and there were three of them. “Steve?” Tony said with a curious look on his face as he continued to stare at the dish his hybrid had made. “Yes Tony?” Steve asked innocently with wide blue eyes at his master. “I...um...never mind...you know what? Let’s eat...Thor we can share my plate!” Tony called out as Thor beamed at him. Steve’s face fell as he choked on his own saliva at hearing that. Blue eyes turning cold as he watched Tony take a slice of the dish, stabbing a fork into it before feeding it to the humming hybrid. No! Tony should be feeding Steve! Not Thor! And the lasagna was supposed to be for them! How could he give his portion of the dish to Thor? Steve whimpered as his ears and tail dropped at seeing Tony continuing to feed Thor like it was normal. Like he shouldn't be doing that with Steve instead. With another whimper Steve went and nudged his head against Tony’s head, the brunette glanced with a smile at him. “You want some too?” The brunette asked making Steve smile wide with a nod. “You can have the rest were good with this...” Tony said as he pointed at the lasagna left  on the table. Steve’s face fell again feeling utterly defeated as he sat down on one of the chairs. Sulking miserably as he glared at the other hybrid getting all his master’s attention. Like he was Tony’s hybrid...No! He wasn’t! Steve was Tony’s hybrid! And Tony was Steve’s Master. Only Steve’s! It had always been that way since the wonderful engineer had found him and brought him here to THEIR home. A lump had formed on his throat as he remembered that faithful night. Was this what was happening now with Thor? He knew Thor had an owner but..what if they wouldn’t find him? Would Tony take him in too like he had taken in Steve? Was Steve not Tony’s only hybrid anymore?
Shuri was sporting a smug smile towards Tony now. She didn’t quite idolize Tony Stark or his inventions but she had respect for him. He had made some good inventions and maybe he had sometimes inspired her for some of
Steve closed the suitcase with the stones. “Don’t worry, Bruce. Clip all the branches.”
Shuri had been looking rather absently, so she was rather confused and straightened herself as everyone looked at her. She gave the fellow Omega a confused look. “Me?” she asked.
“Yeah, that’s nice. But I think the world is doing better towards rights for Omegas.”
She looked at him clearly, and then smirked too: “Of course the lead ended in a dead end right?”
“Pym-particles?” Bruce asked again. He felt once more so lost. He was gone for 2 years and so much had happened:  Between their friends, the appearance of new superheroes and especially now after Thanos.
It felt like promises
“Shuri, it’s … it’s” he huffed out.
There was a silence, filled with sobs. Natasha pulled him into a hug while Thor placed one hand comfortingly on the ex-captains shoulder.
“And so does he” she continues. The engineer’s legs stop for a second, before they continue to go up and down.
“I could and would
Tony walked up beside Steve without so much as even looking at him. Not that Steve was turning to look at him either. His eyes looked towards the outer scenery just like the man beside him. He could hear Steve inhaling his scent and his Omega side was blushing, not that he would let it come through.
“In Wakanda there is something we call ‘ulwazelelo’. I think it describes you and Steve perfectly.”
His hand had moved down to Tonys neck to hover over the mark again while the other hand had found it’s place on the slender waist, tucking his mate close against his body.
Tony Stark admitting to need help? Ok, it happened before but only when there were no other options left or not enough time for him to learn a completely new field of whatever was needed, like he did back then on thermonuclear astrophysics. But it also filled the ex-Avengers with guilt, wondering what these last 2 years did to him.
“They were all trying to kill him! Of course I had to save him, Tony. It was my fault that he even got into this situation in the first place. Even if it meant fighting you. You were trying to kill him too …”
There was another brief pause.
Tony meant what he said and also, without Vibranium, it would be impossible anyway.
“When the higher ups found out, that Rosses threatening had caused a miscarriage and because of that Tony flinched every time he saw him, they forbid him to talk to him. They negotiated a compromise with Clint and Scott and their families. Tony had insisted on that and I’m glad these people can even feel guilt or this would not have worked. They also promised to keep the miscarriage a secret and it’s nowhere mentioned in the files.”
“You know I tried. But I had the gauntlet and the stones. I’ve really tried to bring her back. I miss her, man.” Bruce said softly.
“I’m fine” Tony said through gritted teeth and Shuri gave him a little playful whack against the back of his head.
”We all were complete idiots. None of us tried to stop us. Not for the right reasons. Bucky would probably be dead, if you would have listened to Tony. And Tony was definitely not someone to listen to you
“Well, you always stopped using your head whenever Bucky or the Winter Soldier was mentioned.”
So he couldn’t help but feel guilt. Yeah, he didn’t want Steve to touch him but he really, really wanted Steve to touch him and he felt that wasn’t fair to Steve. He led out a sigh: “Just tell me why. Why did you not tell me?” He knew he was pleading. But he also really wanted the truth.
“Don’t come at me with that. Every argument and fight can be handled better. Steve, we are also just humans. Humans make mistakes” she continues.
Tony laughed which turned into a hiss, a hand landing on his waist.
It takes Tony a few seconds to understand Steves words. When he finally did, he smiles at Steve, which turns into a grin as Steves cheek turn pink. He had missed Tony's smiling face.
When they were about to enter her lab he had noticed her nervous fidgeting. He could understand it - honestly, his lab was his everything to him, a place where he poured his heart and soul into his work. His comfort zone. His safe place. Coupled with his reputation probably didn’t help her to calm down too. Including that the people from Wakanda had always been wary about the name Stark.
Tony had to stop from falling back to his old drinking habits. He also had to quit drinking coffee. It took only one day for the withdrawal symptoms to appear. He couldn’t sleep. He was hurting because of your break up and he would throw up everything he ate. We had to put him on IV more than once. It was hell.” He looked up.
“Destiny.” Tony looks back at her. She’s looking at him with a firm but kind look. She can’t help but smile, and then it’s her who’s looking outside the glass window. When she turns back to Tony, lost somewhere else with his thoughts, she can see a weak smile on him.
But right now he tried to focus and collect
Thor opened the door and let Natasha in first. They found Steve on his knees, his back towards them. He was shaking. There was a destroyed punching bag on the ground and a big crack in the wall, were it probably had been thrown against. Natasha ran towards him.
“But what exactly is your plan about?” It was the first time that Steve spoke in this meeting and he could feel the air tense again a little bit.
Tony sighs.
“He’s fine. He has a stabbing wound on his chest but he has already fixed that. There are some broken rips and he has a sprained arm but that’s all.” He sighs. “There are other things I’m worried about though.” He looks directly at Steve. Their eyes met each other and there was an awkward pause.
inventions (improving ideas of his of course) and he was a fellow Omega, who stood tall in a world where Omegas were still frowned upon. She also respected him for being able to build things from scratch and trash, where as she had always her luxury lab and Vibranium to tinker with.
Silence.
They were all standing on the landing platform, were he had landed just yesterday, preparing for the battle in Wakanda. Black Widow, Shuri, Okoye, Rhodey, Bruce, Thor and the talking Raccoon Rocket, who had recognized that space ship being the one of his crew, stood next to each other, waiting for said ship to land.
“You know, Natasha once told me that he nearly blew their cover because he wanted to go visit you. I think it was about one year after your fall out.”
“I’m fine, Rhodey. I’m fine. There’s nothing that will be fixed with me staying in this room. In fact, I think it would only make it worse” Tony cut in.
“We’ll get them back ok, Tony? Together. Are you in this with me? Together?”
Steve opened the doors to the common room, only to find it empty. He had hoped to find Nebula here and to ask her some questions about who she is, what happened up there against Thanos but most importantly about Tony. Staring out of the big window towards the former battle field, he lets his thoughts drift away again. He had missed Tony these past two years, god, he had hoped Tony would call earlier. The first move wasn’t his to take. Yet Tony never called. When the phone had ranged finally after all, it hadn’t been Tony on the other side. To say he was shocked would be an understatement. Fearing to have lost any hope of seeing or hearing him again, he had tried to reach out for their bond then but found himself to feel nothing. Tony had closed the path on his side after Siberia. It was clear rejection, Steve knew that but he still had never ended it. It was the string of hope Steve had clutched on these past years. Years that were filled with realization, guilt, anxiety and worry. Shaking his head, in an attempt to shake his thoughts away with it, he tries to think about their plan.
She looked at him confused first, and then he imagined to see a faint blush forming on her cheeks before her face shifted into a grin.
How often has his world chattered in the last years? Steve couldn’t tell anymore. Tony has given him a home. He had always something that had pulled Steve towards him. After Thanos had killed half of the population, he had been lost. Then they found Tony alive and he had dared himself to feel hope. Because Tony was there, and they fixed things together. Except, Tony didn’t want him by his side anymore. Without him, he did not know what to do. Fighting on Tony’s side had felt so right. It felt like he could finally breathe. The two years after their “Civil War” had felt like suffocating to him. Like drowning all over again.
“How long is this gonna take?” Sam asks.
She pointed with her arm towards the door, gesturing for Tony to leave and follow her lead. It was also very welcomed to Tony, because he didn’t know how much longer he could stand to stay in the same room as Steve.
“No, I don’t think …” Steve started.
“That’s …., here in Wakanda we treat everybody the same, no matter their second gender. Omegas are actually seen more like a blessing, because they can …, well anyway.” She started fidgeting with a tool she picked up from the desk beside her, trying to avoid looking at Tonys eyes.
“You still love him don’t you?” Shuri watched Tonys eyes flicker again before he turned towards the glass wall once more, bouncing his leg up and down, and his body language screaming that he was nervous.
“For what happened, I really am sorry” Steve continued. His head hanging down and eyes filled with guilt.
“Shh, it’s alright Tony. I’m sorry. I should have been there for you. I failed you, I –“
“Yeah, he was quite eager then to capture me, us, and bring us to prison” Steve said with a huff.
“Be confident. Don’t let their words get to you. Hold your head up high. I’m surprised, for me you seemed to be a person to just say ‘fuck you’ and show them the middle finger.”
Steve looks once more towards Bucky. He smiles at him and Steve smiles back, even though Bucky won’t see it because of Steve’s helmet.
, is burning on his lips. But it’s just not that simple.
“Huh?” Tony snapped out of his thoughts and looked into big round, beautifully dark and expecting eyes. “I’m sorry” he huffed, a smile forming on his face, his eyes kind and warm. “To be honest, I only understood about 40 % of whatever you were explaining to me the last hour.”
“Just like Gods.” Thors voice sounded regretful - the picture of Thanos smile still clear in his mind.
“We both made mistakes, Cap!”
“Don’t worry. I’m not going to steal your tech.”
All Steve could do was watch from afar, as the light on Tony’s chest went out and his sparkling, gorgeous and warm brown eyes went dull.
And even so, if he had told Steve, and she was pretty sure Tony knew that too, it would have broken Steve even more. He would have ran right back to Tony to be by his side no matter the risk, but as a criminal, they would have found and arrested him sooner or later and then everyone else of the rogue avengers, who would have tried to get him out. Wakanda wouldn’t have been able to help them then.  She remembered how her brother had one day told her that the only reasons the rogue Avengers could stay hidden so easily, was because they had a guardian back in the states. Back then she couldn’t believe that Tony would do anything to prevent the Avengers and their families to get captured. Now she did not doubt it even a second.
“Tony I-“
Steve feels his breath stuck in his throat as he looks at the tired, big eyes. It felt like time had stopped. The sun was projecting a dance of red and gold on his beautiful brown eyes. The sight in front of him is so incredibly beautiful and yet seeing the broken and hurt, hidden behind the beauty, made him want to throw up. Knowing that he was not only  unable to prevent it but also the very one to put it there. Yet he found hope in his eyes.
Steve felt himself tense when Tonys name was mentioned. Of his Omega, no, he could no longer call him his. He lost the right to do so after Siberia and it still hurts him to this day. It’s been two years since that fateful day. Tony had not called him once, so when the phone finally had ringed, he and the rest of the Avengers that had stayed with him, had flinched. He carried it always with him. As big was the surprise to hear Bruce’s voice. Sad and worried - because it wasn’t Tony and it ringing meant big stuff happening, happy and confused - because no one had heard from him in a long while. His voice had been shaking. God, that had only been yesterday.
Thump. The punch bag had crashed against the wall. He looked down at his hands. They were bruised and blue. Tears were starting to form in his eyes as he sank to his knees.
They may be all scared and traumatized, had more scars added to their already wounded hearts. But they were together now. How it’s supposed to be and they would all be damned to let anyone come between them again.
“You’re a good man Sam” he answered. “This one’s on me though.”
He could feel it within himself, see it in the eyes of his friends and people who fought next to him in the war.
In the end, both couldn’t say how long they had been kissing each other only that at one point they had moved on to the couch. With Tony sitting on Steves lap, head rested on the Alphas shoulder, they both had fallen asleep – a content smile on both their lips. That’s how the rest of the pack found them.
“Natasha, Bruce and Thor were there too.”
“Maybe you just didn’t try enough” Tony answered. Shuri felt anger blossoming insider her. How dare he accuse her of no trying enough! Already opening her mouth to protest, she found herself stopped by Tony tipping on his StarkPhone, putting holographs of his notes in front of her to read. He looked rather unimpressed. She barely noticed Bruce standing up and moving next to her, trying to catch a glimpse of the notes too.
“Well then, everyone’s here? Then let us begin.” Tony tried his best to not look at Steve, knowing it would leave his voice stuck in his throat, which would be absolutely pathetic.
“You make it sound so easy …”
“I know”
“She survived.” Rhodey gave his friend a little smile, which he returned.
“a – and then there was Peter and he is so adorable. Really. And I was so afraid and now he’s gone too.” Tony could feel the tears in his eyes again.
He slowly turns to her, leaning her to his chest and putting a strong hand on her back.
Tony takes in a sharp breath. “When?”
His punches were getting faster, harder.
There’s a pause then. Steve opens his mouth in an attempt to speak but quickly closes it again. Tony watches as Steve’s eyes wander over his face. Notices how the Alpha is squirming in front of him in an attempt to find the right words. His posture tense, hands closing into fists. Eventually his body slumps and Steve turns his head slightly towards the window again, his eyebrows knitted and looking so vulnerable.
“But first, do you two even know what happened?” he asked, gesturing with a hand towards them.
Tony was gripping tightly on Steve’s shirt, pushing himself closer to the Alpha. Neither of them fighting for dominance, they were both enjoying and reveling in it too much.
Rocket and Nebula had gone somewhere else to talk. Shuri and Okoye were probably still with Tony and giving out orders. Natasha was sitting on the couch, while Thor, Bruce and Steve were standing around the room. It was obvious that the fellow men had a lot of questions but they kept still, Steve quietly thanking them for that. He didn’t know if he would have been able to answer them, his own thoughts spiraling and questions filling his own mind. But now Rhodey was back and he knew there would be no more escaping.
“But it doesn’t work!” Shuri finally decides to say, because that was a fact. His notes were good but they did not work.
The pleading voice was not really helping for the omega, who found it with every second incredibly harder to restrain himself to just plunge into his Alphas arms.
“It’s F.R.I.D.A.Y. She just texted me that she reconnected with the Iron Man Suit. Tony is alive! He’s in a spaceship and on his way back to earth. I told him to land in Wakanda. I… – I hope you don’t mind?”
“Of course not. But you can always imagine it in your head right?”
“That doesn’t fix things” he finally said. His voice sounded small and it made her want to hug him so bad. She sighed.
“Nebula?” the Raccoon said, sounding surprised.
“Oh no …” Rocket sunk to his knees, staring down at his hands. “Nonono”.
Natasha wanted to go after her friend when Thor offered to accompany her. She wanted to talk to Steve alone but Thor had a good argument, she didn’t know if she could handle an angry and broken Steve, taken over by his Alpha instinct. His scent was even strong for her to smell. They were on their way to the training room, where Steve had spent most of his time back then. She was almost certain that they would find him there.
There were a lot of sighs heard in the room and Tony raised an eyebrow at them.
All the time he had been too proud to try and seek out Tony. It had taken him a year to fully understand Tonys actions back then. Trying to finally listen and understand Tony’s arguments. They were talking past each other. Steve himself had worried about his best friend’s safety, Zemo and the other five enhanced soldiers. Tony had focused on the Accords.
“A little bit too late I presume.” Tony said flippant.
“Okay.” Steves voice wavered.
Tony tries with a shrug and nonchalant voice, breaking eye contact once again and pretending he didn’t understand what Steve meant. They both know that’s a lie. Suddenly he really wants to punch himself.
“What are you sorry for?” Tony asks confused.
“But you are only what, eighteen, and
“It used to be crueler”
So hearing Steve apologizing felt so good, yet it broke his heart. Because they had both made mistakes. He shouldn’t be the only one apologizing.
Shuris still young and all this responsibility is pushed on her like that, while still trying to cope with her loss. The situation reminded him a lot of his own when he had been younger. Only her responsibility is even greater. A responsibility she never thought she would have to take. Yet, she was still smiling, her eyes still sparkling when she talked about her tech and god he hated her puns. Somehow, in these past hours, she had found her way into his broken heart.
“We both know and Tony does definitely too, that he is a handful. He hides everything from us and then assumes we would understand him. We all made mistakes and I know that
He wonders about how he will tell Sam and the others or if he will at all. He guessed telling them beforehand would only make them want to stop him, and he did not want that. Not to mention the pity they would probably throw at him. Meaning, he would need to return at some point, but he would worry about that later. After all, he would have a lot of time.
She remembered Steve’s look whenever T’Challa would return, hoping about some news about Tony. She remembered her brother’s deep sighs after his discussions or talks with the rogue Captain. But most importantly she remembered how broken Steve had looked, whenever he would see Tony in the news, or when he was lost deep in thoughts again. It wasn’t hard to guess for anyone who he was thinking about, whenever he would look like that. She also remembered how his eyes would lit up when she asked him about Tony, or his voice and words when he talked about him.
Nebula shook her head: “There are no others.”
“When Natasha and I found out that Shield was undermined by Hydra from Zola, he was showing us pictures, suggesting things. ‘Accidents happen’ is what he said and among all the different pictures were the headlines of your parents … accident. It was gone before I could think more about it and then we were nearly blown up. After that, I honestly didn’t think much about it. But then as we got more involved it came back to me one day. You were so happy, finally smiling more and starting a conversation with ‘Hey I think your parents were murdered’ wasn’t really appealing either. I didn’t want to make you sad or rather
“What?” Steve let out confused. There were alarm bells ringing in his head.
“I have to.” He adds. “I have failed him all these past years and could not keep the promise I made him.”
Steve watched Tony lying there between the rubble of what was once his home. His skin was pale, and his arm and face burned. He seemed lucid, ill, like a man who was lying on his death bed. Pepper, Rhodey and Peter had run towards him and were talking to him.
And Rhodey gave in. How he always did, because he knew Tony was right. It was his way of coping and it was how he worked. “Ok. I think you would like to continue your talk with Shuri, the lead innovator and current Queen of Wakanda, but I will only lead her to you after a nurse had a quick check up on you!”  He would insist on that.
“The last time you tried to convince me that you’re fine, didn’t end well” Rhodey insisted. “Because things aren’t fine. They just … aren’t” his voice lost it's volume in the end.
“Impossible!” Shuri and Bruce manage to say at the same time.
Bucky asks him if he knows what he will do now, and Steve says he has no idea. He feels like he lost his purpose. His guiding light through this time. Tony had been his anchor.
Tony grinned even more when he could see the hint of red sparkle in the Alphas eyes, only to be replaced with affection. Which he was also sending right to Tony through their bond.
“I’ve always been only yours.”
They stood there, around the greatest hero, mourning him for quite some time. Until it was time to clear everything and talk about the after. Steve did not want to talk about the after. He had to do it for the past five years, he did not know if he could do it again. Not without Tony.
“Tony had a miscarriage.”
“Shh, Tony.”
“Yes. ” He simply answered.
“Well, I haven’t quite been right and went too far, yes, but he tried to kill Bucky!” Steve answered rather calmly.
She had to admit, the second round had started to make her a little bit more self-conscious. Tony had asked her more questions this time, really good questions, sometimes pointing out even some flaws or improvements she could make. He had grasped everything so fast this round. That man was sucking everything up like a sponge and it scared her a little bit. Because these secrets and tech actually wasn’t supposed to fall into that man’s hand, not that she showed him anything super-secret but …, God dammit, her family had always told her to never get involved with a Stark!
“I actually had the idea when I thought about Dr. Strange, his strange magic tricks and his idiotic idea of giving the time stone to Thanos. So to answer your question, my plan is: Time Travel” he continues. The shock is hanging in the air.
“I’m sorry.”
“Wait, you said us?”
“Don’t”
“I think deep down I’ve already forgiven you in those two past years.” Tony suddenly says, turning to find Steve’s eyes again. Steve felt hope well up in him as he locks Tony’s eyes to his own, a little smile creeping up his lips.
“Don’t be” she reassures him. “We all understand. It’s perfectly fine and, after all, crying always makes one feel better” she shows him a smile. Steve returns it, even though it’s weak on his tired face and eyes puffy.
“Steve” he said calmly and let the tension flow out of his body. He then broke eye contact to push himself closer to Steve, leaning his head against his chest. Right above where his heart was beating like crazy.
Steve was supposed to be the prime Alpha; strong, big and especially dominant. He could send other Alphas running with their tail between their legs with just one look (On the other hand, Omegas where drooling to get close to him). Of course, Tony knew that Steve really didn’t like to be too dominant, not thinking twice about kneeling in front of his Omega or putting his Omega and his pleasure before his own. Tony couldn’t help the shiver that went through him at these memories. But the way Steve looked right now was just wrong. It’s not that he looked submissive; even with his body slumped but still ... so wrong.
Steve had taken a step towards Tony - so the smaller man had to slightly look up into his eyes. Just as slowly, he had raised his right hand again and let it hover over his shoulder. When Tony didn’t show any signs of rejection or tension, he finally settled the hand down on his left shoulder. Then he settled his left hand on Tonys right shoulder too. All the while they never broke eye contact. Steve could see Tonys eyes beginning to water and what had been a feeling of determination in Steve, was replaced with panic. The smaller man noticed that and smiled.
“….don’t wanna go. I’m sorry”
“I suggest you better sit down. This is not good news” he said, looking directly and firmly into the Ex-Captains eyes.
“Me too” he answered.
“Really? Wha .. Why would you name yourself after … after an ant?” he asked with disbelief. “Don’t tell me he got bitten by a radioactive ant?”
“I know you already made up your mind, but is that what you really want?” Bucky asks.
, of course.”
“The reason I chose Bucky was because I couldn’t let him die. Not only to protect him from others but most importantly from himself and his guilt. Because I couldn’t stop myself from thinking that he needed me. But I did not choose him as my lover. I would never choose him over my lover. He’s like a brother to me. I would never –“
“Steve! Wait.” The Alpha didn’t stop. “This last part is important, please listen!” he tried once more and the Alpha came to a stop without turning around.
“Until it was no longer ok. Tony started to hide stuff from us like he always does. He is a master in it after all, I know that, and yet I failed to notice. He still insisted to be able to deal with Ross alone. A fact Ross knew and used for himself, starting to ask Tony over to his office, instead of coming to the avengers facility were we all where and where Tony felt comfortable and safe. And then …” he paused. God, he could feel the tears forming in his own eyes. He took in another deep breath.
“Wow.”
“What? That’s all I get?” said man faking a gasp. The others laughed at that and Bruce looked at them betrayed, trying to hide a smile about the slowly lifting tension.
Tony smirks. “Yeah.”
blame you!”
“Tony, please.”
“How is he?” Natasha asked Rhodey, as he reunited with the group.
“That’s even lamer.” Tony cut in. Before anyone else could comment on that he continued: “Anyway, we need him too. If he’s still alive that is, though, I’m afraid that it won’t work without him. I believe he was set on house arrest?” he asked as if he didn’t know. Unbeknownst to Tony the others at the table were perfectly aware that Tony had actually played a huge role in achieving Scott's house arrest.
Tony looked at him shortly with an annoyed face but then snorted: “It’s funny isn’t it? All the time I thought about and feared this conversation but now …, what does it even matter?” He looked out onto the land that was cluttered with holes, forgotten weapons and dust. The dust making his stomach turn.
Now guilt and relief was swelling up inside him, only snapping out of it as Okoye appeared, grounding him back to Wakanda.
“I’m sorry it’s just …”
“Good” he exhaled. “Good …” Tony turned towards the window for a few seconds before he looked at his friend again. Rhodey knew that look, full with determination and a plan.
“But you are a strong woman and your people need you. We will do everything to try and make this …” he takes in another deep breath “… mess undone. Of course we will still need your help and we are glad that you are here but … you should focus on keeping your people calm. To prevent any more harm and ease their fears.”
“He is right. Tony blames himself probably just as much as you do. We both know that. That’s how he is. Always blaming and seeing only the bad in him. You both blaming yourself and keeping a distance will get you nowhere. We also have to take the current situation into consideration.” The teary eyes were now replaced with determination. “We have to find a way to fight Thanos.”
As they laid a blanket on Tonys back the Alpha slowly woke up again. Natasha was smiling at him, her eyes speaking more than words could. Feelings of
“What are his abilities?” Bruce asked.
Tony didn’t want to hear the words from Steve. Because hearing that Steve still loved him, ... he couldn’t bear hearing that right now. But who was Steve when not stubborn.
And now Steve watched how he had failed again. How selfish he had been, excited and happy to stand next to Tony once more, to fight for the same goal. Ripping Tony from the one happiness he had finally achieved what he now left behind. Steve had had nothing more to lose when going into this fight. But Tony, Tony had had everything to lose. And he did.
“Yes you. Because there is still a problem I can’t solve, so I need your help.”
“I don’t” she smiled and damn, that felt good to her. She knew her inventions and tech is superior to Starks but the man himself admitting he understood even less than half of it?  Despite all, this would be one of her best days ever.
“But you did, didn’t you? You didn’t stay behind after you pushed your shield into my chest. Worst thing is Steve, I thought you would kill me. I thought you would kill me!” He was definitely shouting now. “And then you left with him.” He added and his voice was breaking now.
Tony let his gaze fall down. His body slumped in himself, he had no idea how to do this and he felt so scared. So he settled his hands on Steves shoulders to steady himself. The Alpha had always been so grounding for him.
Shuri didn’t know what to say. She felt genuinely insulted but somehow she also knew that this was also one of the best compliments you could get from this man. From Tony Stark - who is supposed to be absolutely rude, cocky and could not keep his mouth shut. Being complimented was not what she expected at all.
This time it’s Steve who sighs: “This is not really working.”
“I know” he takes a deep breath.
“I know, that’s why I need your help. And …” he looked not-looking at Steve again and, god, was he smirking? Gulping the knot down in his throat he continued: “Are you maybe still in contact with that … big tiny guy? What was his name again?”
“Don’t!” this time it was Steves voice that was slightly raised. “Don’t say it Tony. You know it’s not true.” He continues more calmly.
Steve has already forgiven Tony but he had yet to forgive himself. He probably would never be able to completely do so but if he wanted to rebuild what he had with Tony, he had to be able to move on. Both of them.  He had held up the olive branch again, now it was up to Tony to take it or not. And God help him he wanted Tony to take it.
“Do you have a key here somewhere?” Sam asks.
“I asked him once about you. I know it sounds cheesy but it was on that day, that I realized what loving someone means. I don’t know what happened between you, I know it was anything but nice but he never stopped loving nor missing you. Not when I first met him or when I met him again two days ago.”
And Tony laughs again because this is so Steve. And Steve’s heart is beating like crazy again because his mate was in his arms and he was beautifully laughing again. “Yes, please.” Tony says with a fond look.
He hissed as he tried to stand up. His body was sore from the fighting and lack of sleep these last days. Looking down, he noticed that he was wearing some kind of Wakandan hospital wear. It was similar to the ones he knew, only in yellow and with a pattern instead of white.
or pure happiness and
Shuri thought about it. She didn’t have a very important meeting but Okoye would probably force her to do some paper work, which she definitely wanted to escape, yet showing Tony her lab could be risky. But he had surprised her today with his actions and there were some things she actually wanted to talk about with this man. So she thought: Who cares? She was the queen right now after all.
“And he is alive there” Steve confirms. “I love him Bucky. I want to do it right by him. Even if it’s just from afar. I don’t think I can live in a world where he is no longer.”
“We can work it out together” Steve smiles.
Wakanda and so Shuri, had helped the rogue Avengers shortly after the Civil War to hide and to plan their next moves safely. He had also heard that they had helped Barnes to get free from his mind control and how they had helped to fight Thanos and save Vision, without even batting one eye. They owed them so much.
“I … I’m not made to be queen. I don’t know what to do” she sobbed.
“… two …”
“Don’t do anything stupid until I get back.”
Tony’s funeral and his last message brought up a lot of grief and guilt. But knowing that he would see Tony alive soon, helped him through it.
“That wizard guy?” Bruce asked. They were all sitting around a large table, Tony standing in front of them. Shuri had not sat down and leaned against a wall next to Tony instead.
“It’s not. But I know you can do it. You have a big heart” he smiles at the Omega, who turned back to the dusk once more.
Ok, this was probably not the best way to start this conversation but it was a starter. He looked at the tall blonde next to him.
He takes in a deep breath and slowly looks back at Steve. Damn, he could see the tears welling up in Steves eyes.
Tony knows that both of them are aware of their mistakes but he would never admit that out loud. Well, that
It was still silent, only the sobs from Natasha and even Bruce were heard. The latter men for once glad that the Hulk currently refused to come out.
“There is something I should tell you” he finally says. He shifts his weight a little bit, arms crossed in front of his chest. His gaze fell towards a picture on the wall, looking a bit distant and sighs: “Well, actually Tony should tell you this but …”
“I’m gonna miss you buddy” he whispers.
Tony was the one to answer the most questions; he had always been the one to be able to handle these. That’s why those events had always been led by him. Rhodes had also some experience but Vision had none. But given that he was an Android, the journalist failed horribly to make him emotional. The questions had started out to be about the political situation, asking about their opinion and where they stood. Of course they stood on the side of the accords but also refused to antagonize their former friends. The last part only said between the lines.  Then the questions had turned personal. “Are you still bonded to Captain America?”
misunderstandings.” He then looked towards Bruce and Thor.
Rhodeys eyes had been full with pain and another wave of guilt came over him. He had welcomed them so friendly back at the compound but he wasn’t going to be forgiven that fast. Not with what he did to his best friend. He screwed up and he knows that. Badly. There hasn’t been a day since Siberia, were Tony wasn’t part of his mind. His beautiful and strong Tony. His friend. His lover. All the sleepless nights he was thinking about how to apologize. He send Tony a phone with his number, hoping he would call. That he would want to talk, checking the phone every day for new messages or missed calls. There were none. Of course.
“Yeah, I have a room assigned to you” she said chuckling and then continued: “I don’t mind showing you around. I’d actually really like to talk with you about your notes.”
“Yeah I know. Steve I know. To be honest, I no longer blame you. Because I fucking know we both fucked up. Both of us. But that was bound to happen right? After all we never really – “
Rhodey sighed. He had to admit he was enjoying Steve’s distress way too much. After all the shit Tony had to go through these last years, the helplessness in Tony’s eyes …, he understood their fallout about the accords but couldn’t understand Steve’s actions as Tony’s friend and lover, and being Tony’s best friend himself, how could he not be angry? Shame flooded over him, this was not the time for such thoughts, hell, he had said it himself, no misunderstandings. So as Steve started to come to his own conclusions he intervened.
“Yeah. A lot, actually.” She smiled. “When he wasn’t in the gym or mother-henning the others, he would be checking news about you and constantly asking my brother about your wellbeing. Or about you in general. They would discuss about how all of that could have been avoided.”
Tony finally looked into Steve’s eyes, which had lost their glow and innocence to lack of sleep and recent events - just as his probably had. A blue that once rivaled that of the blue sky, were now clouded with grey like on a rainy day. He realized just then how much he had wanted to connect his eyes with Steves. All fear was gone and it felt like nothing around them mattered but just them. He craved to just give in and throw himself in the embrace of the man opposite of him, which he knew used to make him feel so save. To hold on and never let go again. He wouldn’t be able to lie to himself any longer, that Steve didn’t suffer as much from it as he did. Tony could feel his hand twitch and before he could give in, he broke the eye contact, shifting his front towards the window again. The spell was broken.
“He did it in exchange for your life” Nebula said.
Shuris smile dropped and she raised an eyebrow, while the others just grinned, because that was theTony they knew. “Excuse me?”
“Thank you” she answered with a kind smile. “I’m sorry.”
“Not listening.”
“I –“ he starts but Rhodey stops him.
“Well, he had just seen his parents being murdered in front of his eyes. Not even that but you knew! And you didn’t tell him. And trust me, you know, if Tony really had wished to kill him he would have succeeded. We both know Tony wouldn’t do that and yet …” he calmed his voice down “and yet you rammed your shield in his reactor and left.”
He lets them both lead him away and finds himself in front of the doorstep of the place he had officially stayed in when he wasn’t on the compound.
“Wait, Tony!”
“But why couldn’t you trust me? Why did you not ask for help? Why did you fight me?”
“Tony …” Steve turned around.
“After you arrived.”
Thor had a very serious expression on, not showing what he was thinking and Bruce, well, Bruce looked still shocked. It hadn’t been paradise between the avengers pack when he had left but hearing about this, it hurt him that he hadn’t been there to help. He knew about Tony’s condition after all, not the pregnancy, but about his health. As a doctor he could probably understand the best the hardship Tony must have been gone through or the toll it had took on his body.
“But you have to promise to take better care of yourself! What will you do with your hands completely broken?” Natasha lectures.
“It’s gonna be okay, Buck.” With that Steve walks onto the platform and activates his suit. Mjölnir and the case with the stones in his hands.
He had hoped that maybe, he and Tony could talk it out. That they maybe could repair what he had destroyed. But the hope was gone now. He did not deserve Tony back.
Sadly though, oxygen was something they really did need and so the moment ended way too soon. Tony was the first to move away, Steve trying to follow him with his lips, though gladly taking some breaths himself. Tony seemed to feel the same as it didn’t take long for the Omega to find Steves lips again. And again. And wow, Steve definitely wasn’t going to complain and instead just grinned against Tonys mouth. They had missed out on a lot of kisses after all.
She grabbed another chair and sat down in front of him, her arms and head resting on the back of the chair. He looked at her expectantly and then sighed when she kept shut.
“Going quantum, three …”
Tony had always been a touchy person. After all, he wasn’t really a good talking person, his mouth always getting way ahead of him and spilling things he didn’t meant. So he expressed his feelings through touch and team cuddles had become regularity. Tony showing that he didn’t wanted Steve to touch him was for Steve another hard punch in the gut.
the one to make you sad. There was also the - at that time - possibility that it was Bucky and you were trying to help me find him. So I couldn’t really find myself to tell you. I wasn’t lying in the letter, in the end, it was to spare myself. I was afraid of the conversation. I was afraid of your reaction. Afraid that you might hate Bucky.”
wants to kiss Tony.
Broken hands tugging on his hair, tears falling like flood gates: he screamed.
“Together Tony.”
She flinched. Looks like he noticed her uneasiness. She looked back at the fellow engineer.
She wanted to protest but when she imagined herself in his situation, she realized that she would have done the same thing. Not just because they had fought and broke up but also because Steve had clearly chosen Bucky over Tony, that much she did know. She knew it wasn’t in a romantic way, but her brother had told him it had looked like that to Tony. So Tony was trying to push Steve out of his life, thinking he didn’t want him any longer in his either.
Tony repeated the process with every pair of underwear he had in the box, specifically fitted to match Steve’s frame. Everything from panties, to stockings, garters, a corset and a bustier, a negligee, a nighty, matching pairs of bras and panties. Any different type of lingerie Tony wanted to see Steve in. Some of them didn’t suit him so Tony told him so, but most of it looked great. He made sure Steve got aroused by lace and had at least two orgasms in each one. The silk and satin felt sexy and smooth but didn’t turn him on quite so much. Tony had great plans for leather but that wouldn’t come for a while yet. Steve had a lot of training to do before then.
This next part was harder.
Steve let out another almost silent hum, so lost the feeling he was barely able to respond.
Tony turned around and passed the cold wet cloth to Steve. “You’re not on drugs, are you? Is this you telling us that heroin works on you cus that would be bad.”
“I speak only the truth, Stevie. Every word I say is true. I make you feel good. I would never lie to you.”
He hadn’t wanted Steve to see how aroused he was when he woke the man up and he didn’t want there to be a wet patch either on his jeans or on the table he was sat on. He could make sure Steve never noticed from now on, but he had to see how he took to hypnosis first, and just thinking about it had gotten him so hard and wet as he set this all up, he knew he’d be in exactly this position now.
Steve smiled gently. “Yes. Nutritional values. Research. Better foods.”
Tony just rolled his eyes and finished getting his coffee and left.
Steve nodded. “Yes. Care about you. Want you to eat. Be healthy. Cheese sandwich and blueberries. S’good.”
“Mmm Yes! So good! Tony! So Good!” Steve came violently in the panties, much to Tony’s delight. When he’d come down Tony got Steve to feel the back, where there was a hole in the fabric right over his hole.
Steve nodded. “Yeah. And… I noticed that nowadays… it’s not completely off for a man… to… wear ladies’ undergarments.”
Tony gently soothed him. “There’s no ‘shouldn’t’ about it, Steve. You are who you are.”
Whoops, maybe Tony had made that trigger a little too sensitive.
“Will remember feels so good. Relaxed. Calm. Want more. Again. Come back. Feels bad if I don’t for too long. Won’t remember this. Remember I believed you. Not your fault. Try not to talk about Ultron.”
Steve moaned in disappointment but nodded.
Tony was back in the penthouse apartment and dating Pepper again. All her problems with him being Iron Man were long since forgotten now. She loved him and she loved Iron Man. And she
Steve nodded slowly. “Hey, would you be open to doing this for the rest of the team? Clint especially needs it I think.”
Rhodey grinned. “I love that one of the black guys is only Cisgender Heterosexual on a team that contains Captain America.”
Sam had gotten his own apartment in the city and was working with Veterans with PTSD like he had in DC but this time he was studying to be a fully qualified therapist. He came to the team meetings at the compound every week.
Tony just grinned. “Sure thing, Stevie. Anything you need. We love you just the way you are. Right guys?” He looked over at the others and they were all nodding.
Well, that was disappointing. Never mind. The next triggers will be put in place tonight and Stevie will be one step closer to being exactly where Tony wanted him.
Tony nodded. “It is good. Cheese isn’t messy like jam, jelly or peanut butter, so I won’t make a mess. And cheese has lots of calcium and protein so it’s healthy too. And unlike meats, it won’t matter if it gets warm. I love cheese.”
“Good… relaxed… calm…”
And if for some strange reason, she could never get off on the suit no matter how desperate she was unless Tony ordered her to cum, that was just because the suit wasn’t as good as Tony's cock.
“Good afternoon, Sleepyhead.” Steve twisted his head up to look at Tony, sleepy-eyed and blushing cheeks. Thank god he was unable to notice Tony’s heated cheeks and straining erection. He’d already jerked off five times while programming Steve but he still reacted so strongly to seeing Stevie give himself over completely like that. Steve was never so compliant.
Tony blinked at the loud, unexpected moan and realised Steve was getting hard again.
Tony would wait while Stevie did the dishes and then they’d go to the shower together. Stevie would wash Tony down, and if he was in the mood, Tony would fuck Stevie’s face in the shower. The first time he’d done that the bigender blond had gone limp in Tony's hands, groaning in ecstasy as Tony used his face. He’d come completely untouched. Twice. Tony hadn’t made that happen. That’s just how Stevie was. He loved being face-fucked.
“That’s good Stevie. How do you feel?”
Tony smiled gently. “Easy. It’s not what you think. I’m not making you stop grieving for him, or not caring about him anymore. All I’ve done is make it so that grief isn’t quite so loud and all-consuming anymore. It’s quieter and all the good times are brought to the front, make it easier. Give it a few months and thinking about him won’t make you feel like you’ve been stabbed in the heart. You’ll always miss him. You cared about him so much. But he wouldn’t want you wasting away your life and forgetting all the good times you two had.”
Tony grinned. “Aw, you can still come with us. You’ll be our ally. Oh! Our designated CisHet!”
His beautiful bigender lover.
Eventually Tony brought Stevie up enough that he could speak and asked the man one thing he didn’t like about Tony. This was quickly gotten rid of, just like the other problems. Tony's nicknames were affectionate, not insulting. He was not being mean or trying to bully or belittle Stevie. He always gave nicknames to the people he cared most about. Look at James Rhodes, now Rhodey, Honeybear, Platypus, Sourpatch and many others besides. Virginia Potts now only ever goes by Pepper, Tony's nickname becoming her new name.
“Hey, Stevie. Forget you needed to handle something first?”
Tony grinned. “That’s the point of relaxation therapy.”
He sobbed heavily, tears running unchecked down his cheeks. God, he wasn’t supposed to feel like this. What kind of man wore women’s lingerie? What kind of man got hard just from feeling lace? What kind of man called his ass a pussy? Or his chest his breasts? He let himself fall back on the bed. He was so confused. He knows it’s not right. He’d been trying to convince himself that all his life. Just stop being weird and be a man! But then he remembered something SHIELD had told him when he’d first woken up… a bunch of letters he couldn’t remember but it was something to do with gay people and how there was more than one gender now?
“You want to repay me for helping you relax so much.”
He then made Sam tell him something that makes him angry and something that makes him sad. That was how Tony learned about Riley’s death. He’d been told the falcon project had been declared a failure six months before Riley was shot down, so he would have to do some more research into this.
“Yes. Believe you. S’true.”
Steve eventually managed to pull the panties off and clean himself up, as well as the sizable puddle on the floor. He took a few minutes to refuel, grabbing some energy bars and sports drinks from the little fridge in his room, before going back to the lingerie. Some of them he looked at himself, twisting this way and that before deciding it wasn’t really his thing. All of the lace was immediately shoved into the back of the drawer with a deep blush. Eventually, he came to Tony’s favourite piece.
Stevie grinned. “Hey, I’m all about freedom. And you know I hate bullies. That’s kind of my thing! I really don’t know why everyone keeps expecting me to be a racist homophobe. There were only two white Americans on the Howling Commandoes. The others were either foreign or black.”
He then brought Sam out of the trance, letting him remember their talk about Riley.
His eyes teared up slightly. “Thank you, Steve.” His voice was thick and heavy. “That means a lot.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah. I didn’t think it was normal so I just…” he shrugged one shoulder, still keeping his hand in Tony’s, “Ignored it, I guess. If I pretend that I’m normal, maybe I’ll be normal.”
Deeper in the trance and Tony could add compulsions. Steve would feel compelled to obey, but again, if his nature was too strongly against it, he would fight the compulsion and could get rid of it completely.
Every morning he would slip out of bed and go to the kitchen to start breakfast. Pepper would wake Tony with a nice slow blowjob. Tony would go to the kitchen while Pepper got ready for her day at the office and Tony would eat Breakfast with Stevie’s mouth warming his cock. After a lingering goodbye kiss that made Pepper’s pussy leak around the red and gold silicone plug inside of her, she left for the office.
Then Stevie would let Tony fuck him brutally, happily submitting every part of himself to the engineer.
At first, he’d thought this whole thing was complicated, with different levels and what he can and can’t do in each one but after a while, it made more sense.
On the plus side, he gave Stevie a very sweet goodnight kiss, rubbing his thumbs across his hands the entire time so poor Stevie was putty in his hands, or against his lips as the case may be. He eventually backed away with a gentle smile and a goodnight, pushing Stevie into his room and closing the door before making his way to his own room.
