Because nothing whatsoever happens except that Sam gives a little cough like he's trying not to laugh.
"Oh, I don't know." Charlie sounds thoughtful. "I think it's pretty close to a home. Minus the tacky refrigerator magnets and cheesy
Except it won't be. And it won't ever be, because now that he's had Cas in his life, Dean doesn't want to live a life without him.
instead of coming back up here with you, thinking he doesn't belong! Maybe because Bobby's been in freaking
For a moment, there's silence, and it's the first time Dean really takes in his surroundings. It's a house of sorts, but a very small one, only one floor and what appears to be only a few rooms. The living room has moss growing through the hardwood floor, which creeps over into the tiny adjacent kitchen, both of which take up less space than Dean's bedroom back in the bunker. There is a door to his right that's closed, and another down the minuscule hallway, their handles overgrown by thin, twisting green vines that wind up around the knob. It's daytime here - or at least, earlier in the day than it is Lebanon, Kansas - or maybe later, he can't quite tell. The grass outside is so vibrantly green it's almost blinding, and it goes on for what seems like miles in all directions. A few large grey boulders sit to the east, casting low shadows, and there are familiar, blood-red sigils on every single one of the filmy windows.
"Are you saying you're not interested?" says Balthazar, arching a brow, and Dean wants to punch that smug look off of his face because there's nothing he wants
His voice breaks on the last word, galling him. He clears his throat and takes a quick swig of his drink, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.
"All right fine," Gabriel snaps, and Dean's head jerks back up, pulled out of his thoughts. "My nice little bro
Balthazar is leaning over a body - a body Dean doesn't want to go near, because he can't look at him, can't bring himself to face the obvious fact, but he does it anyway, forcing his feet to move, forcing himself to make the short trip over, breach the distance between himself and Balthazar.
Around them, the demons and angels are falling more quickly than ever, and Balthazar is standing proudly over a group of fallen demons, his foot on their back, a smug look on his face, and Gabriel's whistling in amusement as he downs yet another angel, and for the first time since this whole mess started, Dean thinks that maybe, just maybe, they can win this fight.
He's almost forgotten Charlie's there. Dean sits up, wincing a little at how his body aches, and folds his hands together, resting his forearms on his jean-clad knees. "You ready to go back to your place now?" he asks, and shuffles her feet hesitantly, like she wants to say something else. "What?"
His voice is the same as it's always been, that low, deep graveling sound that reminds Dean of past promises and words and all sorts of other things that he can't really explain, can't really understand except that it's just Cas, so very
), and stupid people who take control of hot fairy babes to try and get on my good side, and now I've had to deal with seeing my friend get his throat ripped out by a crazed ex-boyfriend ghost with too much time on his hands and I'd really just like to have one day where something goes right, except that's not going to happen, and - "
"Are you okay?" she asks, and Dean adopts what he hopes passes as a confused expression as he answers, "Yes?"
"I know what you're going through sucks," Charlie says. "I mean come on, anyone can see that. It's like, the worst thing right now, your life. I mean, I never knew your friend Benny, and I have no idea who this Naomi chick is or what she has to do with anything, and I really don't know Cas all that well, but you still have friends, Dean. You're not alone."
And suddenly there is an explosion of white light that makes Dean stop and cover his eyes, a high pitched keening wail, and when he lowers his arm he can see the tail of a black trenchcoat, can see a black-suited angel lying on the ground in front of him, mouth open, black ash wings spread out on either side of him.
That same muscle in Cas's jaw tenses again, and he seems about to say something, but Gabriel just says, "Think I'll go visit ole' Hefner now, see if he's still got some of that wine I left him the last time I was there."
"Reggie Briggs," says Charlie, and Sam nods, already standing and pushing in his chair, flipping a few bills onto the table for payment. Dean follows, a little slower, and Sam gives him another piercing look, like he's trying to tell him something, only Dean doesn't know if he wants to know exactly what it is. He makes himself busy with finishing his sandwich, and it's only after Sam disappears into the driver's seat of the Impala that Charlie turns to him, her red hair looking like flames in the early afternoon sun.
They walk in silence for a moment or two before Charlie says, "So, what happened after he beat you up?"
And maybe that's why he hasn't wanted to angel proof anything. Maybe that's why he hasn't wanted to go back to the bunker, because the bunker's warded against angels, because Cas doesn't know about the bunker where he and Sam are slowly learning to make a home out of. Maybe that's why he wants to throw himself into his work, into
"What the hell, man?" he snaps, taking a step forward. "You snap free of the Heaven bitch's grasp and then just decide to go on a vacation to some log cabin in England? Do you have any
"Just...promise me," Cas implores, and there's a note of urgency in his voice that startles her. "Promise me you'll watch after him."
"Well," says Charlie, dipping one of her fries into Dean's ketchup and popping it into her mouth, gesticulating wildly with her hands. "I joined this video game club at the local library, and - "
- but somehow the word doesn't come, stuck in his throat, unwilling to come out. Dean swallows hard, setting his jaw, and then asks, "So who else have you brought back?"
Ruby's knife hits the angel blade Naomi's holding with a clatter, but she throws him off easily and he hits the wall and rolls, stands back up, because he's beyond feeling, beyond anything else, and there's nothing in his thoughts other than Cas, other than the fact that Cas
He needs to accept that Cas is not going to ever wake up because this is life. This is the reality that he has been handed.
What was the point of giving him hope that Cas was still in there somewhere if only to take it all away again?
"Whatever he's done that's made you upset - do you really want to spend your maybe last day on Earth thinking about it?"
It's more urgent this time. Dean's eyes snap open and he glowers at Balthazar, who is holding onto Cas's wrist.
The voice snaps him out of his thoughts, makes him drag his head upwards so fast he almost cricks his neck. Cas is still not looking at him, but his cheeks are very faintly red, and he's stopped turning the pages of the ancient volume in his hands.
"So," he says, and pushes himself off the door frame, taking a few steps further into the room. "Last night on earth. What, ah...what are your plans?"
They're not obvious. It'll take some time to get back on the right footing, Dean explains. They all need time to adjust before they take on the next big thing - namely Sam's last trial. And things have a way of popping up unexpectedly.
They're looking at each other now, as a matter of fact - or rather, Dean is looking at Cas's back as he walks away, and there's so much in his gaze that it almost makes Charlie wish she were somewhere else, because it feels so
"Great. Maybe next time we can do it with a little less pain? I'm always breaking things, thanks to you guys."
He takes another swig, straight from the bottle, then offers it, surprisingly, to Charlie. She takes it and downs a swallow, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand and settles down beside him, hands in her lap.
"Remember what I said about not trusting angels?" Dean asks, waving Ruby's knife around, a sneer on his face. "You still fall under that category,
"It's all just...stupid." Dean takes another drink, and the amber liquid sloshes around in its bottle, a familiar sound.
The deep, graveling voice is one they’re all expecting, which is the reason for their stupor of classic reactions. It’s familiar, all-too-familiar, to Dean and Sam, the latter of whom looks up, pressing his lips together in an imitation of what might have been an attempt at a smile. But it’s not familiar to Charlie, who hasn’t even seen the two brothers in over a year, and she’s never met the third member of their motley little fellowship. And considering that all Sam said was, “Angel. Wears a trenchcoat.
Angry because he shouldn't still be thinking of Cas except he is, like he always is, because Cas is as much a part of him as Sam is now and there's no getting around that, no matter how much he tries to tell himself that he's perfectly fine without Cas, that he should be used to people leaving him. Because the simple truth of the matter has already been put out there - he's already told both himself and Cas the rawest of emotions that he's tried so hard to bury, not once, but twice now.
And then Crowley's screaming in rage and red smoke is billowing from his body, curling around him, sinking into the floor, and he's trembling violently, his eyes are rolling back into his skull and they can hear bones snapping and cracking and splintering, his flesh melting and then, with an almighty
They formulate a plan together, which is mostly Sam doing all the talking and Dean trying to keep Balthazar and Gabriel from being complete asses. They'll drive to an abandoned factory several miles away from the bunker, summon Naomi and Crowley, and then let all Hell (or Heaven) break loose. Seeing as how it's not known that Cas has brought back several angels assumed dead, Gabriel and Balthazar, along with an angel called Inais and one called Rachel, will be their wild cards, their backup. Sam and Dean and Charlie will go in first, with Cas waiting in the wings (Charlie's joke just makes everyone stare blankly at her, and then Sam coughs, like he's trying not to laugh, and then they all just continue on talking).
). He hates Bobby for letting himself get dragged down to Hell instead of kicking and screaming his way back to Heaven (it's not fair but right now Dean isn't feeling very fair). He hates Crowley for...well, being Crowley. And he hates Naomi, loathes her for what she's done to Cas, how she's
There are still more demons - even worse, there are more angels, because even though Naomi's still holding her own against Crowley, she's called for backup, and now the entire fiery warehouse is quite literally swarming with the classic angels versus demon conflict, except there are also four distinctly human players on the board.
I'm sure you've got a hell of a bit of catching up to do, havoc to wreak, humans to mess around with before you kill them - "
Sam seems resigned, weary. There are lines beneath his eyes that weren't there before, dark circles that show he hasn't been sleeping nearly as well or as much as he says he has. His face is paler too, and sometimes it seems he has a harder time carrying himself. The Trials are taking their toll on his little brother, Dean knows, but he also knows giving up before the end is useless - even if he can no longer see the end.
The second day after everyone leaves is much like the first. Sam calls around noon, asking how Cas is, and when Dean asks about how Sam is, he gets a tirade about how Gabriel and Balthazar pop in constantly and wreak havoc just because they can, and how Garth and Charlie have become friends, and how Kevin sleeps all the time because he's just so tired and Sam can relate to that because it's hard to sleep when you have too many people around and
But most of all she's got Dean and Sam - and Cas. Cas, who upon arriving back at the bunker on his first day home, was the first to thank Charlie for what she had done in the warehouse. She'd blushed and hemmed and hawed, but accepted it, and had caught the smile on Dean's face as he showed Cas to his room.
" - you came here to tell me something, and that something is that Cas has figured out a way to read the angel tablet, and now he's bringing back dead angels. So here's what we're gonna do. You're going to take me to Cas, right now, or I will dump this vial of holy oil over your head and make good on that promise to turn you into a deep fried angel."
"I want to...come live with you guys," Charlie says again, and this time Dean can't really pretend that he's been hearing things because they're standing two feet apart from each other and really why does everything have to be so confusing and messed up and since when did they take people
Hell, they took down both the Queen of Heaven and the King of Hell in one go and it was beautiful. And now two of the biggest baddies are dead and gone, never to have to be worried about again. Now they can just focus on closing the Gates of Hell, sealing the rest of the demons back inside, and they'll be good. They'll be back to hunting wendigos and shapeshifters and djinn and everything will be back to the way it was supposed to be in the first place.
He closes his hand with relish, a look of the deepest, maniacal loathing on his face, and it's like another explosion has rocked the room, the entire building shaking with the force of it, and Cas slumps lifelessly to the ground, blood sliding from the corners of his mouth and from the gaping wound in his chest, and his Grace is completely gone, completely shattered between Crowley's blood drenched fingers.
But he can't hate everything. Hating is feeling something. So instead he just drinks another bottle - and then another, late into the night, long after Sam's snores fill the air, until it's almost morning and he can't feel anything anymore.
"At any rate," says Balthazar, who is now standing like he was never lying down, and how did he even get up so fast, she didn't even see him move. "We want to take out the king and queen, and well, little Cassie here is a bit unhappy with the arrangement, probably because Cas Dear Johnned him while he was running around playing hide and seek with the tablet - "
but Dean grabs the lapels of that damned black trenchcoat and hauls him back again, and this time Cas's hands are on his face, on his jaw, in his hair, and his arms go up and around Dean's neck like he meant to put them there all along, and Dean's arms are sliding around Cas's waist, pulling him so close there's no end to it and it's like he's on fire, like he's been waiting his entire life for this single moment.
"Tell me the truth," says Dean, taking another step, and they're only a foot away from each other now, close enough that Dean can see the flecks of darker blue in Cas's eyes, can see the way his chest rises and falls, despite the fact that he's an angel and he doesn't need to breathe, can see the way he presses his lips together with uncertainty and -
Sam is looking sympathetic. "We'll figure this out," he tells Charlie bracingly, and she gives him a weak smile. He tells her a few more consoling things, but Dean's mind is far away, still stuck in the place it's been for days now, back inside that dark and dusty room inside the crypt, back looking at someone with bright blue eyes, so blue he could drown in them, and he almost feels as though he is drowning because nothing has gone right, nothing is the way it should be, and everything is just so freaking messed up right now -
Sam now just looks exasperated. "That's not what I'm saying," he says. "I'm saying that even if we go up against her, Dean and I are still just humans. Charlie's not even a hunter - no offense."
"Cassie," Balthazar starts, but Cas shakes his head. His hands are holding the tablet,  and he takes a step backwards, away from the table, away from Dean.
"I told you that this could all have been resolved had you just trusted me," Naomi continues. "I told you that we wanted to have the tablet up in Heaven, where it was safe. If you had just listened to me, if Cas had listened to me..." She sighs regretfully and stands, smoothing her hands down the sides of her grey suit pants. "Well, I dislike having to work with
He can sort of understand that, though "pleasant" isn't usually a term associated with his own life. Dean absently rubs his finger alongside the metal of his keys again, his eyes drifting around at the small town, with it's local businesses (Papa Joe's Meat and Potatoes All You Can Eat Buffet) and small, rundown motels (he forgot how familiar these are; being in the bunker has been more of a blessing than he thought), and single liquor store (he'll have to visit there later). And somehow, he gets it. It is pleasant.
He's back in Purgatory this time - but it's a different kind of Purgatory, and this time there's no angel to be found.
"And you," he whispers. "I need to keep you safe. Cas, I'm sorry I failed you. I'm sorry I...let you go. See, the truth is, I'm not used to...having anyone else in my life other than Sam; it's been just me and him for so long. And you know that; you've known that for years, just how damaged I am."
Dean is looking at his brother with obviously mixed emotions, but Sam steps towards him and claps a hand on his shoulder, leaning into say something very quiet in his ear, something that Charlie can't hear, but something that makes Dean breathe inward sharply, and then he nods, then he forces a smile, pats Sam's arm, and Sam disappears into the other room to get ready. And Charlie is once again struck by the realization that their relationship between the two brothers is so interconnected that it's difficult to pin it down sometimes. There is a bond between them that seems unbreakable, unbreachable, something deep and powerful.
And Dean is so in love, so very in love that he doesn't know how to handle it and John Winchester would be ashamed of his own son.
"Yes," says Cas. "He was hard to track down, but once I found him I was able to convince him to read the tablet for me so I could get the information from it. He's not exactly the most forthright of angels, it took a bit of persuasion, but he eventually gave me a translation."
She doesn't exactly know the deets of what's going on, but the room in the Winchester bunker is so full of tension that it's almost tangible. Charlie is still sitting at the table with Sam, with the one called Gabriel who's an archangel behind them, and the one called Balthazar who likes booze and making unhelpfully snarky remarks to anything anybody says.
It takes him two days to get out of ICU, lots of confusion over missing paperwork, and a great deal of
He thinks of Samandriel, and then tries not to, because most of the angels are junkless douchewads, but Samandriel never was, Samandriel never fell into that category, except Samandriel is no longer a part of the equation because of Naomi, and he doesn't want to remind himself of that.
"Shut up and let me finish, sad sack," Gabriel says, and Dean closes his mouth. "Closing the Gates of Heaven is only a
The second hour is spent with Dean telling Cas all about what happened after the incident at the warehouse; about how Charlie made fast friends with Rachel, and the two of them spent a while just talking about Heaven and the angels on the way to the hospital. About how Gabriel not-so-subtly smuggled booze into Kevin's hospital room and got all the nurses in there giggling and laughing with him. About how Balthazar smoked a cigar in Dean's room and accidentally set off the fire alarm (a situation that was thankfully hastily remedied before chaos had erupted).
Charlie flaps her hands, looking both flustered and annoyed - with herself, or with him, Dean isn't sure, but he watches her with a guarded expression, brows drawing together.
And then he straightens and looks at that face one last time, looks at the face of the man who he's known for six years, who he's fought beside, who he's bled beside, who he almost died beside - who did everything for him, because of him, and it's like looking into the past and the present and the future all at once. He does not walk behind Cas, and Cas does not walk behind Dean.
Cas's scream fills the air, deafening above the rest of the melee, shivering into his soul, into Dean's soul, and Dean can see red and black and then a brilliant, blinding white and Crowley's yanking his hand back and there's something held in his hand, something so pure and
About how Samandriel told Dean all about Castiel's time in Heaven, and how he had changed after meeting the Winchesters.
Several moments pass before either of them comes up for air, and finally Dean is the one to move his head back, just a fraction of an inch, to let them both breathe. Cas's face is flushed, and his eyes are not quite as focused as they were before, though they're still just as blue.
her, and she had almost lost her favorite pair of Avengers sneakers, and then she’d had to go into hiding (again). But this time, surely, they’ve got a much better handle on things with an actual angel on their side. For a moment she lets herself look back at the angel in question again. She’s never seen one before, and, well, she didn’t really expect them to look like…that. With a suit, backwards tie, and trenchcoat.
"So where's Cas now?" Charlie asks, and suddenly it feels like there's not enough air, and Dean stares straight ahead, hands in his pockets so that Charlie can't see the way his fingers tremble or hear how his heart beats faster in his chest, as though trying to make up for the fact that he can't breathe properly.
"So you found a way to read the God rock," says Dean, and Cas gives a slight jerk of his head which turns into a slow nod, his eyes flickering down to the tablet in his hand.
Dean leaves Charlie with him and stands up, his eyes moving across the room, counting faces. Kevin is leaning against Sam, half unconscious from weariness (what a pathetic pair of people the two of them make, Dean thinks), Gabriel is not-so-subtly kicking all the bodies into one pile so they can be burned, and Rachel and Inais are standing off to the side a little, conversing quietly.
His expression is inscrutable, bright blue eyes slightly narrowed, as though he is X-raying something or someone, reading right through them - in this case, the stocky figure of Dean Winchester who is currently getting dirt all over Charlie’s nice clean couch.  Sam is still talking, and Dean is nodding to what he’s saying, comprehending it, but his eyes are not on his brother.
Dean glowers, and a muscle in Cas's jaw tenses. After what seems like an eternity, he says, quietly,
"Protect them," says Cas, and there's no hesitation, no hemming or hawing, and for a moment, Dean can see it, can see the General that Cas once was, the stalwart soldier of Heaven that he used to be. Inais grabs Charlie and Kevin, stands protection over them, while Gabriel, swaggering confidently around and twirling his archangel blade like a baton, kills three demons without batting an eye. Balthazar is defending himself against two angels, while Cas strides through the flames over towards Dean, and even with everything around them falling apart, Dean wants nothing more than to just pull  Cas into his arms and hold him there forever.
He'll numb himself to it because feeling something just makes things him weaker, makes him more vulnerable.
"The Winchesters, they...they like you," Cas says, and there's a strange sort of warmness that fills Charlie's chest. "They trust you. They rely on you, and I'm...I'm glad. They don't have many friends, the Winchesters, they're constantly leaving and going places, you know, and their friends are often dead, which is tragic, but you're alive and you're here and they need someone like you, I think."
“So, um!” says Charlie brilliantly, and clasps her hands together, rocking on the balls of her feet to avoid any sort of awkwardness that stems from first greetings and stumbling conversation. She’s already helped these guys kill Leviathans; that means they’ve bonded in her book, at least.
Dean doesn't answer this, even though he opens his mouth to do just that and then closes it, and thankfully Sam interrupts before the conversation gets to where Dean has to admit something he really doesn't want to.
Charlie claps her hands together and dispels the disgruntled silence that wafts up between them. "Okay," she says cheerfully, almost
"So, uh," says Dean, breaking the silence, and Cas looks up at him, brows furrowing. "Where are we, anyway?"
that will make him like him, unless it has to do with finding the angel tablet again, but he's too tired to argue, and his brain still hasn't caught up to the fact that Gabriel is somehow
There is a shriek of rage that's almost painful to listen to, and Naomi has sent a burst of blinding white light towards Crowley - who is no longer in front of her, but rather behind her now, still with the same smug expression, and it's like having two of his worst nightmares right in front of him. Their fight is deafening to all those around them, lightning crashes of one sword hitting another, and sparks are flying in all directions, and Dean still can't figure out a way to get out of this ring of fire without running right through it. And ordinarily he wouldn't have hesitated, but this is Charlie, and she's important -
and Dean decides maybe he shouldn't push it, especially since Sam is giving him another one of his trademark
Crowley strolls through the flames like - well, like he's the King of Hell, absently brushing off one sleeve as though he's merely at a cocktail event mingling with guests. There are several demons with him, and Dean has the distinct feeling there are more outside as well.
of it, and Cas tastes like honey and alcohol and fresh air on his tongue and it's addicting, and he wants more. He drags his mouth from Cas's and instead presses it against the angel's neck, and he can hear a sharp intake of breath, Cas's fingers pressing brutally hard against his upper arm. Dean kisses his way down his neck, then back up, biting at his jaw before claiming his lips again.
Charlie slumps down in her chair. "Great," she says, and Dean takes her moment of self pity to sneak another fry from her plate (his own are long gone). "I just finally manage to get things a little less chaotic and now there's a ghost and hey, remember when I asked you if I was a monster magnet and then decided I didn't want to know well
He’s still talking, but Charlie’s mildly distracted by the fact that Cas has not moved from the place where he stood when he arrived (out of nowhere), right after Sam insisted on praying to him and Dean saying stubbornly that,
of the Queen of Heaven, it's total chaos (again) up there, according to Inias. All the angels currently on Earth are currently cut off from the power - or most of it, at least, like the
She remembers. And it's hard, talking about this. It's tearing him apart inside, because that's what the memories are doing to him right now, like a blade slipping into his stomach, sinking into him with every step and it's
, Cas is behind this, that Cas is the one that's brought back Gabriel (though Dean can't think of a single good reason why bringing back
are, but it doesn't matter, not anymore, because nothing has ever felt so right as this does right now.
He waits for the name "Samandriel" but it doesn't come. They stand there in silence for a few moments longer, and then Dean says, "Anyone else?"
Later on Sam goes out to get more beer, for which Dean is eternally grateful, because right now he could use all the alcohol he can get. His brother drops a Sam Adams into his lap and sets the rest on the dinky table by the window, sitting down on the edge of the bed. In the other bed, Charlie is already asleep, her head of vibrant red hair tucked beneath a grossly colored, off-white comforter that's less like a blanket and more like a glorified napkin.
"That you're in love with Cas," she says, and Dean inhales sharply, his expression more pained than Charlie has ever seen. Her face softens, and when she says, "You are, aren't you," Dean doesn't say anything, doesn't do anything except press his lips together and take another deep, shaky breath, and she knows she's right, knows that this is what's making him look at Cas the way he does, makes him think the way he does.
"Because," says Dean, and he steps closer to the archangel, and despite the fact that this is an powerful being, Heaven's most "powerful weapon," he still can't help but be faintly amused that he's at least half a foot taller than Gabriel. "You didn't just come here to gloat about the fact that you're alive again - "
And he's angry because he's in love with Cas but he doesn't want to be because sometimes it just hurts too much and sometimes it's because he can't shake the feeling that this is somehow
and Dean's eyes follow the movement of his head as he lifts it, trying to piece back together the puzzle that's been broken for so long.
How long has he been this useless, this pathetic? It's not a new feeling; merely a reminder of everything that he already knows. Dean already knows that people leave him, that he's not made to have friends, or even acquaintances, because sooner or later they always die or they leave him. Ash, Pamela, Ellen and Jo, Bobby. Even Sam, going off to Stanford, because he didn't want this life, didn't want any of it, didn't even want to stay to be with Dean. And Kevin, running off because Dean didn't listen to him, because he's finally snapped under all the pressure. Cas, always popping in and out as he damn well pleases, and then forcing himself to stay in Purgatory because he'd rather be there than up here,  and finally getting out of Purgatory, only to turn right around and leave him again, and Benny -
Let's just kill the Queen of Heaven and the King of Hell and all have a happy dandy afternoon playing tag."
"We can do this without them," he says quietly. "We shouldn't involve the Winchesters in anything more than what we already have."
It's supposed to be a joke, but the laughter is hollow. His expression flickers. It's hard to continue; his mouth feels dry.
Sam's the one reading the incantation, but Dean is the one that feels it begin to take, can feel the very ground beneath his feet start to tremble. He grips the knife in his hand so tightly it almost hurts, and behind him Charlie is holding fast to her own blade - namely Castiel's angel blade, which he willingly gave to her, an act that both surprised and confused Dean. It's just the three of them here; Gabriel and Balthazar are holding back until they're summoned, and Cas is purposefully out of sight elsewhere, loaded down with hexbags that make him invisible to angels.
Which is why, when the whole "mysterious angel visitor" shenanigans go down at almost three in the morning, Charlie, crouched outside of Dean's door, doesn't hesitate to go wake Sam and tell him exactly just what has happened.
It's a little hard writing for Balthazar and Gabriel, so if they seem a little OOC, I'm sorry @_@ still getting the hang of writing fanfic again hahaha
"No," says Dean, because he's hurting, because he's already lost Cas so many times it's not even funny anymore, but this - this can't be happening.
There's a long moment in which there's utter silence, and the only sound is from Sam's breathing, which is somewhat more labored than usual. Dean's still stock still beside Charlie, his arm still in front of her.
While Balthazar lowers the flames, Charlie stirs feebly, and Dean leans over her, touching her cheek. Her eyes flutter open, and she looks up at him blearily.
Charlie is great, but Charlie is wrong, Dean thinks, because he doesn't know how to love anyone else other than Sam. He's spent his entire life dependent on that one aspect because it was all he was ever taught, all he was ever told how to do. Sam is the only thing that he knows how to protect - or at least he was, until an angel was thrust into his life unexpectedly, because Cas is not what Dean had ever bargained for, Cas was never supposed to be a part of the equation, and now he is so ingrained within Dean's mind that sometimes he can't breathe, can't think straight.
"Dean, I still have some left, enough left. Dean, please - " Cas tries again, but Dean is so far gone because no, this is not right, this is not fair.
It takes him ten more minutes, two shots of Jack Daniels, a second hammer, and several mocking comments from Sam and Charlie to get the nails free. When it finally splinters away with a creaking
There are a few idle notes, however, on some of John's cases, that Dean only reads alone, when he knows Sam isn't around.
is, really. But Dean isn't focused on the fact that he's standing in what appears to be an old, long-since abandoned cottage on the outskirts of some foreign country with green, green grass that surrounds it, and that the walls were once white but now are splintered and cracked and browning, and the curtains are moth-eaten and long-since faded. He doesn't notice that there is still furniture here, and while it might have been nice once, it's old now, yet still livable, and there's something oddly charming about the place, something strangely pleasant. He doesn't notice that he's just left the bunker without telling Sam or Charlie and they probably have no idea where he is and he doesn't even know what time it is.
judge of relationships," Charlie says, and a muscle in Dean's jaw flexes as he grinds his teeth together. "Seeing as how I basically live life as a monster magnet and the one time I could have gotten lucky with a hot fairy, you two had to butt in and ruin it."
Charlie doesn't understand Cas. She's only met him once before, and it was incredibly brief, enough that she didn't have enough time to make him stay in her thoughts. But what she
He doesn't think about Sam and the Trials, he doesn't think about the fact that Bobby's dead and he misses him so much it hurts, and he doesn't think about the fact that Benny's not here anymore, that he's gone and took a part of Dean with him.
She doesn't dignify this childish retort with a response. "My point is, is that you just look like you've been through some pretty rough shit since the last time I saw you, all right?"
“Oh,” she says, flustered, and promptly sits down in the nearest thing - a rocking chair that creaks loudly - folding her hands neatly into her lap like Hermione would have done in this sort of situation. “Yeah, yeah, I'm good.”
Sam's not buying it and instead does that impossibly irritating thing where he's being rational and it sucks.
This, of course, means Gabriel inviting a harem of women over, Balthazar spending a great deal of time in a room off to the side with several giggling foreign beauties (Charlie is secretly envious of his ability to attract the hottest chicks), and Dean sulking in a corner. Cas is nowhere to be seen, and Sam is by himself at one of the middle tables, absently scrolling up and down something on his laptop, a forgotten glass of bourbon in his hand. He looks tired, Charlie notes, worn out, and she pats his shoulder reassuringly as she walks over to sit by Dean, who is on the floor, leaning against a bookshelf. And, unlike his cautious brother, he's got an entire bottle of bourbon in his hand.
He stands up, kicking his chair aside with a clatter. Sam jumps, startled, but Dean doesn't notice, pressing his fingers to the bridge of his nose before whirling around to stare at his brother. "Maybe because I've been a little
It's a voice he never wanted to hear again - or at least not one that he wanted to hear unless she was screaming in her death - but Dean's head snaps up, his eyes blazing, and there she is, standing just a few feet beyond their table on which the summoning tools lie. She's calm, of course, dressed immaculately, and her hands are tucked together in front of her, her expression plainly innocent as though she has done nothing out of the ordinary.
The visitors that come and go in room 16A at Saint Luke's Hospital baffle the nurses, because in spite of the fact that they only sign in a few people at a time, there always seem to be a strangely large number of people in the room itself when one walks by.
"Just..." Cas continues, and Charlie looks at him, brows flickering in confusion. And now Cas looks at her and his eyes are so ridiculously, outrageously blue, and Charlie wonders if that's because of his angel-ness or just because of the body he's currently inhabiting, and they're so filled with so many emotions it's difficult to even distinguish one from another.
but in this case, it was necessary for you to see what happens when you act like humans." She shrugs. "You die like a human."
And then he's gone, and Balthazar winks and disappears and then it's just Charlie, Dean and Cas, and she stands there awkwardly, feeling minutely like a third wheel somehow, but then Cas says, "I'd like to speak with Charlie," and Dean starts and -
He pushes back his chair and comes towards her, and his gaze is pained. "I won't always be able to watch after...D..." He takes a breath. "...the Winchesters," he says, and something about the way he says it makes Charlie's stomach twist unpleasantly. "I don't - " she starts, but Cas shakes his head, and she shuts her mouth, waiting to hear the rest.
did not make him worthy to be alive. Why should he get special treatment when everyone else around him he loves is dying?
Cas's eyes are closed, so Dean can't see the brilliant blue anymore. There is blood smeared on his forehead, on his neck, his chest, sliding down his jaw from his mouth, and the sight of it almost makes Dean want to retch, want to turn away. The blackness is encroaching in on him, and the grief is starting to fill his heart again, fill his head, fill every part of him until there's nothing left but
Dean doesn't want to think about what sort of sacrifices that refers to. "Well," he says. "I need you to come back with me."
This particular sigil is above Dean's own bedroom door, subtly hidden behind a thin piece of plain dark wood that Dean originally mistook as one of those tacky nameplates. He may or may not have actually written his name on there when no one was looking, but now he's determined to pry it off.
He's seen Cas not remember who he is, playing the role of a dutiful human husband. He's seen the Leviathan wearing Cas's face, grinning maniacally with black blood running down their face. He's seen Cas as the drunken hippy high on whatever drugs he can scrounge, an empty shell of the man he once was.
For several moments they just stand there in silence, Dean's brain working to comprehend this new information. He can understand why Cas left, can understand the reasoning behind it, but the underlying hurt refuses to go away, refuses to dissipate. It's eating him away inside, chewing him up and just waiting to spit him out.
When he doesn't answer her, Charlie lets out a small sigh. "Well, I convinced Sam to let you fix the chicken scratch angel marks anyway," she says, getting to her feet. "Even if you don't think Cas will come back, I've seen the way you look at him, remember?"
He swallows, closes his eyes, and starts again. "But Cas, you stayed anyway. You never left - at least, not at first. You did at the end, but you did it to protect me."
of the angel tablet. And not that I care about that Girl Scout party up in Heaven, but yeah, it's definitely got the potential to be one doozy of a padlock. But good ole' Metatron wasn't going to take the chance of anything happening to him, so he put in a little
He’s standing stock-still, arms loose at his sides, fingers lightly curled into loose fists. He’s made no effort to move closer, to sit down, or to partake in the conversation. His face is pale and wan and he seems drained somehow. And, Charlie discovers, when she follows to where his gaze is, he’s looking at Dean.
lately! Maybe because I've been trying to find our little lost prophet because he up and went cuckoo on us and disappeared to who
"Dean?" she says, because the idea of her taking care of Dean is absurd, it's supposed to be the other way around.
This is really too much. "Are you sure that it can't refer to some other poor bastard that's down in the Pit? I mean, there were hundreds, thousands,
tell, from this one small thing, is that there is something heavy and unspoken between Castiel and Dean.
"Look, I know I'm not the best example of everything right with the world, but I was top bitch at Moondoor for a while. I knew when my subjects were having a rough time."
"Anyway," Charlie continues, still pulling at the stray thread. Around them the music pounds through the bunker, reverberating through the floor. "I think I was always putting it off in the back of my mind, but when I was in college I...met this girl, and she was just the hottest babe, I mean, she had this gorgeous blonde hair and she just laughed so beautifully..."
There's a soft sound behind him, and then fingers are wrapped around Dean's wrist. Gentle fingers, lacking strength, but it's enough to stop Dean in his tracks, enough to make his heart seize in his chest, enough to make him feel as though there's not enough air in the room. He turns around so fast he almost cracks his neck, and when he does all he can see is
like he always is, even though he's not worth sticking around for, even if his emotional baggage weighs down on everyone that he meets.
Five heads swivel towards the door where Sam stands, leaning against the frame. He looks tired, and there are dark circles beneath his eyes that make his face look gaunter, more hollow, but there is determination in his gaze; a strong, heavy determination that negates some smart part of that weariness that has settled into him.
Dean growls back, and Charlie can hear the fierce protectiveness in his voice. They've got one shot at this, one chance to take down the king and queen pieces, and all Dean wants is for his little brother to stay alive and to stay safe, and suddenly she feels an odd sense of sadness, of bitterness, because there is no one in her life that she can say something like that about with the same fierce protectiveness that Dean has.
"Oh," says Charlie, and waves her hands, smiling. "No, I can sleep on the floor, you know, it's comfy, and - "
and a cloud of dust is expelled upwards as Castiel closes the book, giving a small sigh that sounds almost resigned. "I had to," he says, and slips the book back onto the shelf, turning so that he's facing Dean entirely now, and Dean can see the crooked, backwards tie.
And apparently in theirs too, since they were the ones who had sought her out. Not that she really should be excited about that, because the last time they met, things had tried to
The entire building feels - and looks - as though it's on fire. Above their head, metal beams shift and creak as they begin to melt, and there are deafening crashes as the warehouse starts to crumble from the inside out. Enormous, powerful flames cascade across the floor in rivulets, and Charlie is screaming as they are surrounded, the heat pressing in on them, an awful, spine-tingling, blistering heat that reminds him of Purgatory, of Hell. Dean can see Sam, across the way, still holding onto Kevin for dear life, and Dean's hand is around Charlie's wrist like an anchor and they're sitting in a ring of fire that's four feet high.
"He's still got that stick up his ass, I see," says Balthazar, and Charlie catches Dean's jaw tighten, a look of irritation flashing across his face.
Charlie looks slightly resigned as she waves a chicken strip around almost sulkily. "Let's just say Moondoor didn't last very long on the grid," she says, and when Dean and Sam both raise their eyebrows at her, she adds, in an almost defensive tone, "It was fun while it lasted, and yes, I was the queen and it was hella awesome and I basically controlled all the bitches in the hood, but apparently the guy who started it was some old perv who broke all these state laws and everything, so they had to shut it down."
Dean is getting angry now, because there's something growing in his stomach, a terrible, anxious, awful feeling that's beginning to spread outwards, threatening to choke him.
"Cas," Dean says again, and Cas refuses to look at him, his eyes on the floor. And Dean is now close enough that he can lean to the side, catch his gaze, drag it back up, just like he did in that beautiful room all those years ago.
Charlie nearly chokes on her sandwich. Cas's head moves slowly towards where Dean stands, leaning over with his hands on the table, and when she looks down, Charlie can see that he's clenching his fists so tightly his knuckles are white.
"I made my decision already," she says. "I'm gonna fight for you guys. Shouldn't Sam be allowed to make that same choice?"
"Dean," he whispers, and their mouths are hardly an inch apart, close enough that Dean can still taste the words, and he leans forward, a smile forming as he whispers, "Cas," and it's right against Cas's lips so that the words are imprinted there, sealed with another kiss, this one gentler, softer, just a simple touch. Dean lifts a hand, smoothing it across Cas's forehead, his hair, then down his face so that his palm is pressed against his cheek, his thumb under his jaw. And then he leans forward so that their foreheads are together, and closes his eyes, exhaling slowly, and despite everything, despite the fact that life undoubtedly sucks, that Kevin is off who knows where, that Benny's gone, that Bobby's gone, that they're probably all gonna die tomorrow, at least he, Dean Winchester, will die with this one fragment of time.
"So, er," she says quickly, trying to dispel the tension before it snaps. "How do we go about defeating the bad guys, then? I mean, angels aren't like leviathan, right? Can't just chop off their heads, zip boom bah, they're dead?"
"Cas, I don't know...if what I'm doing is right," Dean says. "I don't know which path I'm supposed to take anymore. All I know is that I need to keep my little brother safe."
Gabriel is wearing that same trapped expression he was wearing when they first figured out who he was, when they first broke through his facade and discovered the archangel beneath. And Dean knows that he's right, knows that somehow,
did not want any of the God Squad getting in on their turf, that's for damn sure), and one by one he's gone through them, first photographing them and then carefully spraying a single black line of spray paint over them, disintigrating the protection they hold. It's his little pet project for the day, and so far it's managed to take his mind off of other
"Well, it's just that, you know, I've dealt with things that have tried to eat me (gross, by the way, just
romantic or not; though from the way Cas looks at Dean, she might guess something one-sided - but then she remembers the defensive growl in Dean’s throat as he told Sam not to call for Cas, the protective, instinctively cautious sort of tone to his voice as he talked about him, and okay, maybe there
and yanks until it's entirely off, dropping the pieces of broken wood onto the floor where hopefully Sam will take pity on him and pick them up.
The rest of the entry details the signs of the shapeshifter, methodically going through the rest of the case until John is proved right in his findings. Dean runs his fingers over the words almost absently, tracing the letters with his fingers until they feel blurry, sinking into his skin.
and somewhere in the back of his mind he can hear his father's voice, pressing against his skull, sinking into his thoughts - a never ending litany of disapproval, disgust, and shame.
Dean completely ignores the fact that she sounds exactly like him right now and clears his throat. "Okay, so you came to Hicksville, Maine, and what happened? Somebody here trip over their overalls?"
“Yes?” she says, glancing around and realizing that all three of them are now looking at her (again). Dean raises his eyebrows.
" - by one of these babies right here," interjects Gabriel, holding up a slender silver blade that wasn't there a minute ago. "Nasty little clause in our contracts if you ask me, but Daddy-o wanted to make sure we had a way of getting rid of the less respectable of our kind."
out there with the Trials, and we still have both Crowley and that Naomi bitch on our tails. We need you."
Charlie is not an expert in angels whatsoever. She’s not even an expert in humans, or really anything that doesn’t have a save button. She can’t read what Castiel is thinking, or figure out how he is by his mannerisms (which, at the moment, are severely lacking and very bewildering, not to mention a little freaky). But what she
and maybe he is just a man, maybe that's all he'll ever be, but Cas is here and Cas is responding and that damned angel who
"Let him go," Dean growls, and the smile on Naomi's face widens. Kevin sways where he stands, eyes wide.
"Yes," she says, without hesitation, and Dean hauls her up in his arms, princess-style, and then he's running through the flames and it's hot and it's burning and he can hear Charlie's sharp intake of breath, hear her whimper of pain, and he feels as though everything around him is melting, and then -
Dean's head feels as though it's about to explode with all of this new information. It's too much too fast, and he wants to lie down and just sleep away everything, but that's not going to happen anytime soon. So this is what Cas has been doing off on his own? Bringing back the lost "souls" of Heaven? What the hell for? And why did he feel the need to do that
She's got Kevin to play video games with, and occasionally Dean will join in when he's not on a hunt. The bunker has a steady stream of visitors, from Garth (who always brings pizza and beer), to Rachel (Charlie wonders whether it's bad to flirt with an angel - but then she remembers
They can still pop in and pop out whenever they want, which Dean finds completely unfair. But, Inias had said, it wouldn't be permanent. Once things settled down in Heaven, once they managed to get everything reorganized, they'll be able to regain what they've lost.
There is something dangerous in Naomi's eyes, something that stirs the anxiety low in Dean's stomach, and suddenly he is all too aware of his own mortality, of
"The doctor's still aren't certain what's causing the coma," Charlie tells him, when she comes to visit from her own room, a floor above. She looks loads better than she did when they first came, even if she's dragging an IV cart around with her and she's got two broken ribs and a concussion, as well as a fractured wrist. "They stopped the internal bleeding, but they're confused because he doesn't have a head wound."
exactly?" Sam asks, completely oblivious, but Dean has already stomped off because arguing with Sam is like arguing with a moose.
"Yes that one - it's not like the game was all that fun anymore. So I figured I would, you know, move on, find a new place to live. I mean I'm not exactly able to go back to my old life as Charlie Bradbury, or even Carrie Heinlein (thanks for that, by the way). I know Roman's dead and everything, but there are still leviathan out there and...other creepy things, so I figured a small town would, you know, hide me from...things."
Cas looks frustrated. "The only one who can close the Gates of Heaven," he says. "Is 'the Righteous Man whose fearsome faults lie in Hell.'"
There's a moment in which neither one of them speak, and then Charlie says, her voice soft, "He means a lot to you, Cas."
"So," says Dean. "Have you done anything about, you know..." He waves a hand, then sticks both of them in his pockets. "Closing the Gates of Heaven?"
Cas lifts his hands, both of them on the side of Dean's face, and he says "Dean, please - " and he's trying to explain, trying to say what it is that he wants to, but Dean's not listening because everything is suddenly falling into place, everything is suddenly making a whole freaking lot of sense, more sense than he ever wanted it to, because
"There's one more thing," Dean says, around noon. Charlie's eating a ham sandwich (thank you Dean), Cas is beside her (awkward), and Gabriel and Balthazar are on the end of the table, both with glasses of bourbon in their hands. Surprisingly, Dean hasn't had a drink yet today, or at least none that Charlie's seen.
Quietly he leans over, his face aside Cas's, and when he speaks, it's low and quiet, barely above a whisper, into Cas's ear.
It takes some wrangling, and it definitely takes some bargaining (more than Dean was hoping to bargain), but Sam finally agrees that he'll take Charlie and Kevin back to the bunker with everyone else for a few days and Dean will stay here with Cas. He's already been discharged, but he's not about to leave, at least not anytime soon, but Sam's been awake for almost twenty-four hours (a freaking miracle these days), and Dean wants -
I know you're all probably waiting for Cas to finally show up - and here he is (sort of)! Thanks for being so patient with me, guys, this is my first attempt at writing a full-length, long fic and so I'm sorta winging it here.
She swings her arms and watches Cas, across the room, as he absently traces a finger down the tablet that rests on the table beside him. Dean's watching him too, and there's something very sad in his gaze, something melancholic, and Charlie wishes she could do something about that, because the way Dean looks at him is so very
She shifts on her feet, leaning closer. She can hear Gabriel and Balthazar sniping at each another in the kitchen a short distance away.
A smile makes its way across the intruder's face. "Wrong division. You boys were the ones who got rid of the baby gates around this place, remember? Take down the gates, baby's gonna get out. Or something's gonna get in. And in this case," he gestures to himself. "you get me. You should be
"I just want to make sure that it's all good," he says. "You know, double check. Half of these warding symbols were put up before we were even ideas ole Gramps' mind! Can't we just take a day or two to figure out what they all mean? Maybe it'll, I dunno, help us to figure out some clues or something."
"Well?" says the archangel, clapping his hands together and swaggering nonchalantly over towards Castiel, who still hasn't said anything, and who is still staring at Dean as though he's some sort of apparition. "Aren't you gonna say hello to this SOB over here, Castiel?"
Dean decides that he hates everything because hating everything is easier and when you hate everything nothing hurts because it all feels the same.
It's determined that, in spite of Castiel's objections, the Winchesters (and Charlie) will assist the angels in taking down Naomi. Charlie isn't so sure this is a good idea, what with her being, you know,
There is a long, drawn out silence, neither one of them breaking their gaze, neither one of them willing to take that step back away, to sever this connection that's so
"Oh, Cassie," says Balthazar softly, and Dean closes his eyes, because just hearing his name hurts, it hurts so much that he can hardly think straight.
And suddenly Dean is angry, and he can't think straight, and the alcohol isn't making him forget the way he wants to, the way he's desperate to, because the pain is too much, too hard, too
She sticks out her hand - the proper greeting - which Cas regards with an almost curious expression. After a moment, however, he reaches out, accepts her hand, and shakes it gently, his fingers worn, his skin soft and rough simultaneously. Charlie beams at him and nods fervently, but then drops her hand quickly when he gives her a bemused look, tilting his head to the side like a bird might do.
Dean is suddenly wide awake, more awake than what he's been claiming to be for days. He drops his hand from his face and stares blankly at the archangel, who is very clearly enjoying holding the upper hand in all of this.
And when Charlie says, "So, what? He just took the tablet and vamoosed?" Dean is reminded vaguely of Crowley and his sneering comments, and how it was Crowley who started this whole mess in the first place and he wants nothing more than to put a knife through the King of Hell's face, wipe that nasty smirk off of his lips, watch as the darkness pours out of that red-eyed bastard's body and dissipates into
from her fingers and then there's Kevin, looking disheveled and confused and utterly exhausted, but not hurt. Sam makes a sudden jerking motion, as though wanting to run forward, but the angel blade against the underside of Kevin's jaw stops him from doing anything further.
"And why, pray tell, are we not taking the moose for walkies?" Balthazar drawls, and Dean says, "Because I said so, all right? He's already got enough on his plate, and if we lose this - if we don't take out the king and queen bitches, we've still got him to slam the Gates of Hell shut."
Thankfully, however, Cas says, "Not yet" and Dean can breathe normally again. "But you know how," he says, and Cas nods. "Is it hard?"
himself, Balthazar, a glass with some amber liquid in his hand. Cas is seated opposite Sam, and Dean is at the head of the table, except with his forehead pressed onto the wood like somehow if he tries hard enough he'll melt into it and disappear and when he wakes up all of the crazy will be gone.
And then she smiles, but it's a quiet one, a gentle one, Charlie's eyes flickering around the room, first to Gabriel (who, astonishingly enough, has remained quiet this whole time), to Balthazar, to Cas, and finally to Dean, who has rapidly becoming the older brother she never knew she wanted.
After all, she's got two amazing "brothers," who kick some serious monster ass. She's got a sweet bunker to live in with her own private room and though she has to share a bath with Linda Tran, she's pretty all right with that. She's got her own laptop and her own fake IDs, courtesy of Sam and Dean. She's currently learning how to shoot a gun, thanks to Dean's excellent tutelage, and Sam's got her working on research, and saying something about how she'd make a "great Woman of Letters."
He shakes his head, feeling the blackness starting to consume him, turns, and walks - runs - away, down the hall, away from Cas, away from everything.
"Dean," Sam says again, and this time he gets up, walking over to put both of his hands on Dean's shoulders, and Dean is once again reminded just how
But he is, and he knows it. He's got Sam, but once they close the Gates of  Hell, Sam's gone. Sam's off in his apple pie life with his wife and his dog and their little white picket fence and Dean will be alone again, wandering the endless road, continuing the work his dad left behind. There is no
roll of his eyes expression, shaking his head, and Charlie is looking like a deer caught in headlights.
"Gabriel," says Cas, and it's amazing how he can put so much weight into a single word, a single name.
Dean exhales slowly, and Charlie thinks maybe she should take her own advice, but it hasn't even really sunk in yet that this might be their last day on Earth, that they might lose this battle, because a) these are the Winchesters - they're the ones she read about in those terribly awesome Carver Edlund books (the ones Dean promptly dumped in the trash when he found them in her duffle bag), and b) they've got at least three angels on their side, with a few more up their sleeve. And that means they've got the upper hand, doesn't it? That means they can win, right? Against the...King of Hell...and the...Queen of Heaven...
There is an awful, grinding noise, and the entire building trembles violently, as though being sent through a tornado, everything clattering with deafening noises. Several windows shatter, spraying glass this way and that, and Dean throws his arms over Charlie's head, Sam ducking down as more explode around them, and Dean can't help but think that this was
"You know, all of this is just..." Dean waves a hand carelessly, half gesturing towards Gabriel, across the room, who is currently tossing back shots with a busty brunette coiled in his lap.
is pretty badass, I really don't want to wind up a corpse. I think...I think you should let him decide what he wants to do. I mean...he's a grown adult. He can make his own decisions."
"You know, the last time you and I had a Talk, you told me you sent Sam a text pretending to be his ex-girlfriend. This time you're telling me that your friend beat the living daylights out of you and Sam has to be Harry going through the Triwizard Tournament."
, these raw emotions, these unanswered questions. But maybe talking about it will make it easier, though he doubts it. He almost told Sam, when Sam had asked
He's not sure why, but his heart seems to be beating just a little faster as he stares at the faded red sigil, reaching for the can of black spray paint tucked (probably stupidly) in his back pocket. His chest seems to constrict, and he has just a brief moment where he hesitates, unsure of whether this is really the right thing to do, whether he's actually going to break the protection on the bunker, all for -
Charlie knows that things aren't going to be easy from now on. There's still a long road ahead of them. And yeah, sometimes it's crazy, sometimes it's dangerous. Sometimes Dean is too overprotective, and sometimes Garth leaves his dirty socks lying around whenever he comes to visit (and somehow whenever he doesn't come there are still socks).
He backs Cas up against the bookshelf, which he hits with a clatter, volumes falling down about their feet, but Dean doesn't care anymore because all he can see is
About how Charlie had fallen asleep one day with her head in her arms on the side of Dean's bed and how he'd thought that it was actually okay, because he hadn't wanted her to leave either.
If Sam came dancing through the library dressed in a moose suit and dancing with Charlie and announcing he's getting married to Crowley at this very moment, it would have had less impact as that one statement, those two simple words.
She doesn't talk about hair and makeup and shopping (which Dean and Sam both privately admit that they're grateful for), she cleans up after herself, she's excellent at setting up all of their computer crap, and she doesn't argue when Dean decides that they need to fix the proofing around the bunker about three weeks after this whole living together thing starts.
for his own good and for ultimately not letting what's left of his humanity pull him forward, instead of being dragged back by the monster. He hates Cas for disappearing on him (again), for finally almost becoming the man he once was and then taking off just when Dean was starting to get answers (
She looks at the floor, a little smile on her face. "You know," she says, and Dean shifts beside her. "It was pretty obvious for me. I mean, I grew up in a pretty lameass situation. Foster care for most of my life, and then when I was eighteen I went to college, became brilliant, worked for Dick Roman, then yada yada yada. My life changed a lot; I kept going from one place to another. That's sort of what I do, I guess."
"But where other things were pretty messed up..." She shrugs. "I always knew who I was, you know? And it was really easy to see that, because it was the one constant I had in my life. I always knew I liked chicks, but I never told any of my foster parents, because I didn't want them to kick me out. Some of them were pretty, uh...yeah, well, let's just say they wouldn't have liked me."
Dean isn't sure what exactly he was expecting. For Cas to just pop back in as soon as the bunker was angel friendly again? For Naomi to come sauntering in with more sickly sweet words and poisonous thoughts? For the
“We’ve been looking for this tablet,” continues Sam, with a nod towards Cas, as though confirming something. “And we haven’t had much luck, especially since losing Kevin. And we’ve lost track of Crowley…”’
"CHARLIE!" Sammy screams, and Dean turns around just in time to see an angel lunging towards her and Kevin, and he's too far away, he can't stop it, and now they're both going to die and it's going to be his fault, like it always is, because he couldn't protect them, because
Most of all, however, what Charlie notices about Castiel is the overwhelming sense of weariness that emanates from him. She’s not even a hunter thing (whatever Dean and Sam call themselves), and she’s never met Cas before, but even she can tell that he’s been through a great deal. His shoulders are rounded, slumped a little, as though he bears the weight of the world on them. His eyes are dark, a little hooded, but filled with intelligence and knowledge that spans far beyond Charlie; years, decades,centuries. Castiel is an old creature, but a tired one.
For one thing, he’s just a man (she may or may not have been envisioning some enormous, white and shining figure with wings and a blazing sword). He’s of average height (though shorter than the two Ents currently sprawled on her couch), and average build, with dark curly hair that’s sort of spiky. His face is lightly tanned, and he’s got a bit of scruff around his mouth and chin, trailing a bit on his neck (Which is kind of adorable, actually, Charlie decides, but then mentally panics for a moment - can you call an angel adorable? Is that kosher? Do they get mad and smite you if you can’t?).
Charlie finds him later, sitting in one of the back rooms that's filled with books, his feet propped up on the table, a bottle of Jack Daniels beside him and a shot glass in his hand. He doesn't hear her come in, his mind about as far away from the bunker as possible, and it's only when Charlie taps his shoulder that Dean starts, sloshing his drink over his hand.
Cas looks troubled. "Dean," he starts to say, but Dean isn't having any of his shit today, he doesn't want answers that aren't really answers, he doesn't want circular reasoning that goes nowhere, he doesn't want to be
"Well," says Gabriel, after a beat of nobody talking. "I guess that's our cue to vamoose and get our panties in order for tonight. Cas - we'll see you in a few hours."
"I'm not afraid of her," says Cas, and it's surprisingly calm, which somehow makes Dean angrier. He steps closer, and in this small house with its moss covered floors and tiny rooms, there's not much distance between the two of them now, only a few feet.
Because there's nothing in Dean's mind that can atone for his past, that can wipe away the disappointment laid thick across him by John Winchester. There's nothing that can make up for the times that he's failed Sammy, that he's failed in his duty to protect his little brother, because for over thirty years that's all he's known how to do - protect Sammy, protect his precious little brother.
Gabriel snaps his jaw shut. Then he smirks, falling easily back into that same careless attitude he wore as the Trickster.
The room is a double room, for which Dean is grateful. He's not quite certain how Sam managed to swing it, but he's not looking a gift horse in the mouth.
, standing beside his bed in the bunker, as clear as day - rocks back on his heels, looking entirely too pleased with himself. "Thought I'd come by and check out the nest you two have carved out." He glances around, eyes roaming from the weapons mounted on the walls, to the Led Zepplin poster tacked above the dresser, to the small photograph on the bedside table, propped carefully up beside the lap. "Looks like I wasn't missing much. It's so
a crime, Charlie decides, not when you have the best interests in heart of the person who the door belongs to. And she definitely does, even if Dean has been an A-class d-bag for several days now, grumping at everyone and acting as though someone's stolen his favorite action figure.
Sam's lips twitch, as though he's fighting a smile. "Unfortunately it's not that easy," he says. "Angels are pretty tough skinned. They can only be killed - "
When Cas arrives, Sam is sitting on the couch with his face in his hands, Dean is staring up at the ceiling with a
Dean isn't looking at her. He can't. Instead, he fiddles with his car keys, rolling a silver keychain over work roughened fingers and skin thickened from years of hunting. There is a small scar on his thumb, just below his knuckle, from a nasty incident with a wendigo about ten years past, hardly visible, but every once in a while he remembers it, remembers when things used to be just about hunting, when it was just him and Sam against the world.
"That's what I just said, douchewad," he says, sounding irritated. "I know where Castiel is, and - "
The night beforehand is filled with loud music, booze, and plenty of everyone not giving a damn because, as Sam puts it, "this might be our last night and we should let the boys be boys."
- except not usually filled with this sort of sadness. And she suddenly has doubts that maybe she's misjudged the whole thing, maybe Dean's feelings for Cas are unrequited, maybe she read too much into it (as always).
Maybe that wasn't the best question. Dean's eyebrows look permanently drawn into an irritated scowl.
It's small talk, and it's pathetic, but it's a start, at least. And at first Dean thinks Cas is going to blip out on him again, that he'll just vanish in that obnoxious manner he does so often because Dean's not supposed to be here, and he knows that, and for the first time in a very long time, he just doesn't care about anything other than making Cas
Crowley is bleeding out of his eye, and Naomi's got a cut down her arm that's leaking white, and they're locked hand to hand, their angel blades against one another, neither willing to be the first to pull back.
“You’re…Cas,” Charlie finishes lamely, one hand lifting and falling to gesture pathetically at the person in front of her. He regards her calmly, though says nothing, merely nods, dark eyes flickering with something she cannot read.
"Just tell me what the hell the sacrifice is," he snaps, and Cas jerks a little, his eyes flickering.
Naomi looks as pleasant as pleasant can be - if pleasant meant psychotic. "We did not take the prophet."
At the time, he hadn't, even though he'd desperately wanted to be, had wanted to get back to Sam, back to Bobby, back to
But for now, she decides, as she picks up her gun and heads to the shooting range, things are pretty all right.
"...but I failed, didn't I, Cas? I didn't keep you safe, even though I wanted to, even though I tried so damn hard to keep us together, to keep us from breaking, and you still broke. I failed Bobby, I failed Sammy, I failed
(He stops thinking of Michael and Anna because thinking of them is thinking of angels and thinking of angels means thinking of - )
Cas opens his mouth like he's about to say something and then closes it. Dean's scowl grows more pronounced, and so does his anger. How can he just stand there like the past month
"...I'm fine," Dean says again, after a moment, and Charlie gives him a Look that clearly indicates she knows he's
actually the safest place for her, all things considered. I mean, the place is warded against practically everything, and she could be like our - "
Charlie really hopes it’s the former, because tension this heavy is basically the equivalent of being clobbered over the head with a wooden mallet.
finger to Charlie and drags Sam back a ways so that he can continue glaring at him with the fires of a thousand suns.
"Remember that time I told you that you don't need to take care of everyone?" Sam asks, as he slings his bag over his shoulder, but Dean just grunts in reply. His eyes flicker to Cas, then back to Sam, and there is a catch in his throat now, which feels very dry.
Sam's voice can be heard faintly above the screaming flames and the angel versus demon fight, and Dean squints through the haze of red and black to see Sam running towards him, dragging Kevin along behind him. They dodge flames, duck away from falling debris, and finally they're right in front of them, and Charlie's fingers are tight against the back of Dean's jacket.
"You're right," he says again, and looks away, down at the papers scattered across the table (several of which have tiny spots of brown on them now,
"Oh, well," says Dean, as if this settles everything. Except it doesn't. "That's just great, that's just fine and dandy, Cas, you bringing back all of your homeboys to hang with."
Except it is, so these words are hollow, without much meaning. Dean closes his eyes, feeling as though something heavy is pressing down on top of him, cutting off his air, making it difficult to breathe, to even think, to even
He twirls it around, then mock-stabs Balthazar, who falls dramatically to the ground, clutching his chest, and then collapsing in an entirely unrealistic manner.
Charlie's fidgeting from one foot to the other, though she looks less nervous and more determined, her expression the same one she was wearing when she said she wanted to stay and fight for her home in Moondoor.
and Cas says something back, and the two of them are arguing and no this is not how it's supposed to be, they're all supposed to be on the same side, they're supposed to be fighting
The silence rings loud and clear throughout the room, and for a moment Charlie wonders whether or not saying anything was a good idea, because really she feels very naked right now, what with everyone staring at her, and she's starting to turn red and slowly she sits down and accidentally knocks over her cup of tea and
About how Kevin developed a sort of thing for Charlie, only to heave a sigh of resignation upon discovering that her preferences weren't quite in line with his own (she let him down easy).
"Yes, I've...been doing research," Cas says, not looking at him, but at the tablet in his hands, and Dean's eyes narrow as he replies, "Research with bringing back the souls of dead angels?"
and there's nothing else but the two of them. His lips are almost bruising against his, twisting so that he can deepen the kiss, so that he can taste more, because he wants it, because he wants
It's not that bad. In fact, it's almost nice, if he doesn't think too much about it. Charlie doesn't take up much space, and although she's a girl, she's not a
And it's less of a question and more of a statement and Dean doesn't even know how to respond to it. He presses his lips together and gives Charlie what might pass for a smile, or maybe it's a grimace, or a mixture of both, because really he's not even sure what to think anymore except that he really,
He's tried to ignore the pain and the heartache, and then he's let it swallow him whole, consume him until there's nothing left.
"Look, I don't know what's going to happen," she continues, and slowly Dean straightens, takes a breath of his own. Cas sits back in his chair, his face inscrutable. "I don't know if we'll survive this - hell, I'm the only one who's pretty much too human, so I guess that makes me the bait."
Sam's got a worried expression on his face now, but Dean just gives him a tight lipped smile and a nod, holding up the beer bottle as though to indicate that he's fine, that the conversation is over because there's nothing left to say. It's wildly untrue, and they both know it, but Charlie is still asleep and Dean doesn't want to talk anymore and Sam knows this. His hands fall from Dean's shoulders, but not before he gives them a reassuring squeeze, and Dean wants to scream and throw things and hate everything.
Dean shrugs, trying to look nonchalant. "He stopped. He was being controlled by this angel chick, Naomi, who told him to take the tablet and kill me. But...he didn't. Something...something broke the spell and he stopped before he killed me."
"Stupid because we're probably all gonna die tomorrow?" Charlie asks, half teasingly, bumping her shoulder against his, and he cracks the faintest of smiles, the corners of his lips turning upwards reluctantly. But Charlie's voice drops lower hesitating, and she picks at a stray thread on her jeans, winding it around her finger, inhaling a small breath before speaking.
Everyone, that is, except Sam, who is still sleeping, and Dean stomps around with the look of an angry mama bear, threatening that if anyone wakes his little brother
"Hey," he says, and Cas doesn't look up, doesn't even indicate that he's heard Dean except maybe to turn a page.
this whole time?" Dean says, and it comes out a lot sharper than he's intended it to. Something flickers across Cas's face - regret, maybe? surprise? irritation? - but it's gone before Dean can properly grasp at it.
She flounders, Sam says "Crowley?" and Gabriel says, "Oh, we'll take out the King of Hell while we're at it too."
They haven't planned on going to the warehouse until five o'clock that evening, Charlie discovers, which means they're all up at six AM for
Dean's fingers are moving slowly around the neck of the bottle of bourbon, and he's not looking at her, his expression inscrutable, his eyes looking far away.
One visitor is always the same - an unusually tall man with dark hair to his shoulders, always tired looking, but never failing to show up every single day. Sometimes he falls asleep at the bedside of the loud one, and the patient always snaps for everyone else to be quiet, when really it should be the other way around.
He gives a grunt of pain and surprise, like it's not possible for him to be dying - except he is, and for good this time. Charlie drops her hands away from the blade and backs away quickly, eyes wide, but Crowley flicks his wrist and she goes flying sideways, slamming into a wall and crumpling to the ground. Dean moves automatically, running towards her, but his eyes are still on Crowley as Dean kneels beside her, desperately hoping that Charlie's still breathing, that she's not dead like -
Both of them look over at the bed beside Dean's, which currently has its curtains drawn back so that the pale face of Castiel can be seen. His eyes are closed, of course, and his head is slightly turned away, his chest rising and falling slowly. He looks so unbearably
which sets Dean off with a string of obscenities, half of which Charlie hasn't even heard of, and they're sniping away at each other until Cas finally intervenes and manages to shut them all up.
Dean coughs, rubs the back of his neck like it itches, and tries to change the subject. "So why'd you pick here, of all places to come?"
He also looks stunned, eyes wide, like a startled deer, like he wasn't expecting Dean to be there when he turned around. Which he probably wasn't.
There's a sudden scrape and a movement. Cas has stood up, and while he doesn't look angry, he just looks
Sam's probably rolling his eyes right about now, if Dean knows his brother well enough (he does), but that's not going to deter him from his goal. He's pretty certain this is the last of the sigils, and with this the invisible barrier that keeps the angels out will be broken, leaving them open to whatever
- and then they're through. The relief is not immediate; after all, they went from the fire back into the frying pan, but it's better than being trapped. And although Charlie's flame red hair is slightly singed at the ends, she seems all right.
There are small rushes of wings that can barely be heard over the sounds of the flames, and one by one the angels appear, dive into the fray without a second thought, and even though Dean hates those flying asshats with a passion, they're on his side, and demons and angels are falling by the dozen now.
He finds Cas in one of the back rooms that used to be some sort of library. Standing there in his neatly pressed black trenchcoat, black pants, and black shirt, he looks less like the Angel of Thursday and more like the Angel of Death, except Dean's pretty sure the Angel of Death wouldn't be standing in the Batcave reading a book entitled
when she had asked about him, her imagination, of course, had gone slightly berserk with trying to figure out this magical being, this
"That's not what you said before," he says roughly, irritation in his voice, but Cas doesn't flinch.
Dean can hear Charlie squeak in surprise, and instinctively he shifts his position, his arm outstretched in front of her as though he can protect her, as though he can keep her safe from the junkless flying asshats coming their way.
the way the corners of her lips curl upwards like she's entirely calm and focused, it's all just so infuriating, so
"What's okay?" he says, and Charlie tilts her head, her arms around her legs, resting her cheek against her knees.
"Sammy," he says, and it galls him the way his voice sounds, hoarse and raw, like he's got nothing left to give. And maybe he doesn't. "If I hadn't pushed Benny, if I hadn't - "
, like she's intruding in private moment between the two of them. There's something dark and heavy in Dean's eyes, and she wonders if he's trying to say something, wanting to say something, but just can't. Charlie and Sam had summoned Balthazar with the intent of figuring out where Dean and Cas were, but now she wonders if they should have just let them be, let them figure out whatever mess is between them, because something is seriously off.
There's also the whole alcohol thing. Charlie loves her booze, that's for sure, and it definitely helps take the edge off of the whole "monster magnet" thing she seems to be carting around, but there's a difference between having a drink every now and then to relax and downing two bottles of Jack Daniels a day like Dean is - or the equivalent in beer. Every time he goes out, it seems, he comes back with a carton of beer, or another six-pack, or a bottle of Jim Beam. So far he's stuck to the basics of whiskey and beer, but next thing they know, he'll be bringing back a bottle of vodka and then it'll all be over.
A crack appears in the cement floor, stretching almost the entire length of the building's foundation, which creaks and shudders under the unexpected break, and Dean wonders if having this whole shindig in the middle of an abandoned warehouse was really the best idea after all.
Sam is, how dwarfed he feels by his little brother, who's always been the one that he's supposed to have been protecting this whole time, that he's supposed to have been looking after.
Out of all of them, she's probably the weakest link, what with the whole being a human thing - a human who wasn't trained to hunt like the Winchesters were, because even though Sam looks as though he's on his deathbed these days (maybe he is), he still can whoop ass with the best of them. This doesn't make her feel
He stops abruptly, and Dean wonders why he looks so tired, why he looks as though he's been through more than he has. "So what's the deal with bringing your bro Gabe back, then, huh? You couldn't have grabbed one of your other less-dickish frat brothers?"
I LIED THIS ISN'T THE LAST CHAPTER I should probably plan things better idk I'm not a very good organizer
"I don't think he cares," Charlie stage whispers back, as Dean tugs harder at the beam that's been nailed in front of the angel proofing. He's standing on a stepladder they found in one of the back rooms, hammer in hand, attempting to pry the board off, except it's not going that well and he's already whacked himself in the thumb about three times.  It took him ages to find all of the sigils (so far he's found twelve of them; these Men of Letters
"She holding up okay?" Sam asks, popping the cap on his own beer, and Dean shrugs, taking a swig, letting it burn down his throat. "As much as she can," he answers, and Sam nods, both of them watching Charlie momentarily before Sam turns back to Dean.
" 'You save my life, I save yours, we're square,' " she quips, and Dean shrugs, pulls himself up and gets moving again.
She just rolls her eyes, and Dean is reminded forcefully and unexpectedly of Jo, of her tear streaked face, her trembling lips as she looked up at him for the last time, dying an unworthy death in a building about to explode and damn he misses her, misses Ellen, misses Bobby and Benny and everyone that was once in his life, that he once saw smile.
Slowly Dean stands, and his chest feels tight, but he has to do this, he has to leave now, because if he doesn't, he'll never leave, and he'll never let go. He'll spend his entire life regretting, wondering, paining.
- but then it eases, just as quickly, and he lets it go, gives it up, and his shoulders relax, the tension slipping away until he's slumped back against the bookshelf, one leg drawn up, his arm draped across his knee.
There's no time for reunions. Something heavy and hard hits Dean's side like a freight train and he's down on the ground with a demon above him, a fist slamming into his face, and then there are hands around his neck, and he can't seem to breathe, and no, this isn't how it's supposed to go down, he's not supposed to get his ass kicked so early in the game -
"Shaftesbury. Or rather, outside of the town of Shaftesbury." He gestures somewhat lamely at their surroundings. "This place is hidden from human view."
The memories are like the waves of the ocean, ebbing back and forth in his mind, and each time they rise, they take away a little bit of something else with them to lose forever in an endless sea. In this case, it's the part of Dean that he holds most dear, that he hardly ever lets see the light of day because he's too afraid to let it out, too filled with self-deprecating emotions that he can never seem to really understand what it is about him that's so good.
