Nothing more was said. Sherlock couldn’t find any more words, and John was finished talking. In the seconds that followed, he listened to John’s footsteps disappearing into the bedroom and the soft but firm
John shook his head and just turned to stare out the window. Some people were still so prudish about it, the Betas especially. But an Omega, especially one in pre-heat, was hardly a secret. He couldn’t smell himself, but he knew he must have been giving off the tell-tale scent most Betas described as unpleasant at best but which would send any nearby Alphas itching in their pants. Despite this Beta’s seeming intolerance, John cracked his window a little as a gesture of goodwill and let the air circulate more freely.
was the doctor? Wanker.
“Yes, on the music stand. You said
“When it comes to mulish obstinacy,” Sherlock said, “I bet the other John’s got him beat.”
He was caught out on the grounds, not even halfway to the gate. The young Alpha had been concealed among the trees, and John didn’t see the glowing end of his cigarette until it was too late. There was a chase. A proper hunt. John’s breath rose in puffs as the chilled air seared his lungs and burned his ears and nose. He ran, tried to evade, tried to hide, but his scent was his undoing. The Alpha caught him. And when John wouldn’t submit, he beat him. Still, John fought like a trained soldier, sweeping the kid’s legs out from under him, landing a blow in the solar plexus, making him see stars.
on him!”
“Right. You’ve explained that bit,” Sherlock said, practically spitting. “Anyway, that’s
Sherlock turned his head slowly toward him, concern etched across his brow.
“Yeah, just right quick,” said Lestrade, forestalling him. “Look John, maybe it’s none of my business, but … is everything okay? Between you two?”
“Work?”
, from when we were kids? There was this character, a Beta-X, not in every episode, but most, who they brought in whenever they did a scene in the morgue, and she’d go on about what she found in the dead man’s stomach or the markings left on the dead girl’s skin or what toxins were found in the blood, that sort of thing, and I thought, when I was little, of course, wouldn’t that be something, to know so much about the body that you can tell what makes it go wrong, that you can tell if a killer was in a rage or if he hesitated because of the size and angle of the stab wounds, that sort of thing, and it would be like solving a puzzle, solving mysteries, solving crimes! And oh, you would have to be so smart, so clever, I could never do it. But, you know. I dreamed about it. Sometimes.” She smiled regretfully. “Not anymore.”
“Look, I— I— I’m tired. I just want to sleep, okay?” And he rolled back onto his side, and that was that.
Sitting cross-legged in the center of his bed, elbows on knees, fingertips joined at his chin, he was supposed to be working out possible solutions to counter the imprudent bridge proposal. So he entered his Mind Palace and took temporary residence in one of his thought laboratories. He set his internal alarm clock for thirty minutes. John would likely be done talking with John by then. Hopefully, if he didn’t return with a more prudent solution, Sherlock would be ready to offer up half a dozen.
Then he looked at the phone more closely.
Never in her life had she actually been in the situation where she had to ask herself this question without having at least three good answers.
"...well, almost no feelings at all. And if it does happen to me, I can handle it differently than my unstable brother."
With Mycroft! How could he?
"Of course we need a second bedroom!"
John was standing on the middle of the roof. She had to get him to the edge. Then she could push him down, and afterwards claim he had committed suicide ... out of sheer despair at the loss he still hadn't come to terms with ...
Well, more accurately, there was gasping and shouting.
"Mycroft? It's not John."
Sherlock could only hope for the best.
But Sherlock was ... dead!!!
"Anyway," John went on, after he had recatured the thought, "do you also remember that to take my mind off the fact that I missed you too, I had a Halloween party. To which your brother was also invited."
Things went a bit wrong at the end of this case. Well, not for me.
I was now lying on the sofa with my legs spread and bent, Sherlock kneeled between my legs and looked straight at my crotch. Just the look out of his so unfathomable eyes, just the sight of this beautiful man so close and intimate with me brought me at least to level ninety-nine.
Thank you very much.
I had to find someone else.
"We're running out of time," said Sherlock. "This is to show us it's going to happen again."
She didn't have a choice. Not really.
"And what's different about this one? If there was nothing there, you wouldn't come for me."
Well, I would have to keep a bit of an eye on Mycroft Holmes to make sure he didn't get on my trail, because he was not to be underestimated. But neither was I, so what the hell.
He had studied the files. He had read page after page. Interrogations. Interviews. Reports.
In the living room, which smelled as unpleasantly mouldy as the other rooms, there were a pair of shoes in the middle of the floor. I had put them there this morning before going upstairs to the flat. Fingerprints of mine would not be found on them, of course. I am, after all, a professional at what I do.
A close relative, too modern for a father and probably not a cousin, he reasoned, too.
So it was fair to assume that was true.
I am blessed with a downright friendly-looking, harmless-looking average face. And yes, that is a blessing indeed.
"OK, John. I understand. Even without your threat of corporal punishment. which I don't think you meant to do anyway...“
I admit that at that moment I was celebrating my genius.
Oh, God.
"Look, you and I don't know anything about each other. I have no idea where we're meeting. I don't even know your name!"
"Yes, Sherlock?"
Heavens, that had just been so many clues: my voice. Janus Cars. The criminal gets bored when Sherlock gets bored ... he had to come up with that!
That was going to happen much more spectacularly, in front of the whole world.
Mary Morstan would actually aim at me. The red laser sights were an important tool for me.
A text message.
Of course without knowing in whose order, and without knowing what it was all about.
I blushed. Yes, of course I can, according to my will. I am Moriarty, I can do this. I can just as easily cry on command or faint on demand (for a precisely predetermined period of time). These things are essential if you're going to successfully pull off a thing like this.
"Um ... Afghanistan. Excuse me, but how did you know ...?"
Okay. Okay, Molly, stay calm. Keep playing the little Hooper.
It was pleasant to feel clean again, but... on the other hand, it seemed to make the pain sharper.
Then Sherlock said quietly and almost shyly:
"All right, I won't touch you if you don't want me to," John said, becoming acutely aware once again of what he was doing here: he was talking to someone who couldn't actually be here, who was dead after all ...
"I said, I've discussed it...“
Finally they fell silent.
"All right, and now let me make us something to eat, okay?"
Surely Mycroft Holmes would get involved in the investigation. After all, he had close contacts to the secret service and thus had technology and manpower at his disposal and a lot of clever tactical moves could certainly be expected from him. He was more of a hurdle. But in the end, even he would fail because of Moriarty's superior cleverness. No one had yet succeeded in unmasking the head of the largest and most far-flung criminal organisation, and neither would the elder Holmes.
He shone with some decidedly insensitive remarks that might have pleased me if I hadn't sensed they were just fronts. He was not as cold as he pretended to be.
"Good, that's good. I love you too Sherlock, and if you don't finally kiss me now after all I've been through, I' m going to smash this teacup over your fucking stubborn skull!"
Moriarty said "Meow!" and chuckled softly at this joke.
There were some rather breathtaking moments as Sarah and I sat tied up in a chair. Sarah on the verge of being blown to kingdom come with the strange Chinese gunshot contraption.
Who put up with him so much, that he was marrying him today, and who even stood up to his brother.
And of course Sherlock found out.
"Yes, that was it," John said quietly.
"John," he whispered, "please stay. Please, I want... you... here... and watch."
But it had been too delicious how he had stood outside her door earlier and tried to make her believe that Mrs Hudson was Moriarty. Mrs. Hudson, of all people!
The next moment, the conversation turned to a topic that didn't suit me here and now.
I had decided to take a risk.
For that I threw thirty million to the wind. But my God, I have amassed enough fortune to buy a hundred such paintings if I wanted to. I have it deposited all over the world in accounts, gold deposits and other property. So I won't be in trouble if something breaks away somewhere or I can't show my face in a country.
"Well," he said, looking at John a little sheepishly.
"Sherlock" looked at him questioningly. That look meant, 'What's wrong, John?'
Once home, he set to work to find out how Carl Powers had died. It dragged on for a while and I played the nervous John Watson, fearing for the life of the hostage.
"I must admit he looked great. Pale in color with blood-red lips and pointy teeth. His hair blackened and gelled back. A close-fitting black suit and a fluttering cape. It was black on the outside and blood-red on the inside. It was an impressive costume. I didn't even think he was up to it."
And so it went on for a few Friday and Saturday evenings.
That the one was his greatest admirer and bitterest enemy at the same time.
The whole thing seemed so surreal at the time. Here I was, talking about sex with Mycroft Holmes.
"And, John, you promise to bear with it? And stay with me anyway?"
"Yes, my darling?"
Sexy, sexy as hell.
"I can cook pretty good, you know, but a three-course meal for about ten people, that's a lot of work. So Molly had agreed to help me. Well, Molly loves all those Twilight stories where the vampires sparkle. And when we finally prepared the pudding and filled it into little bowls, a little discussion arose about whether their excrements shouldn't glitter too, and whether she shouldn't quickly run to Tesco again, where there's edible glitter in the baking department..."
I had to sit down first.
This was no whiny young woman now. This was Molly Moriarty.
Suddenly he heard ...
Well, the fact that she only saw "John Watson" and didn't look behind the façade was, after all, what I wanted. And, well, I played perfectly. But that she didn't even see the background of "John Watson's" trauma, well, really. I thought about letting her learn some frightening things about her own psyche in a few lonely and agonising hours ...  Sometimes I like to indulge in such fantasies.
A waiter was immediately at our seat, and we both ordered a snack and jasmine tea. When the food was brought in, Mycroft closed the door.
"Well jump already. Put an end to this Molly. You have my word that your reputation as the King of Criminals will be upheld. But now leave with decorum. Go!"
Mike grinned and shook his head slightly.
The permanent ticket for a certain line of the Tube and the packed lunch, both of which implied that he had been on his way to work.
I went on.
I took the safety off and got ready.
When Moriarty realised that Sherlock's death would not mean his death as planned, it had been very annoying at first.
If only he had known!
"Well, John, seeking your satisfaction elsewhere...“
In any case, Sherlock again let "the bomber" know via his website that he had solved the matter and how.
"Good," I said, "good."
When he heard me, he looked up.
I liked her and thought about possibly getting her into my bed ....
So I asked him:
The man he had lost his heart to.
I would have liked it to stay that way.
A short time later he told me the story about Carl Powers from his point of view.
He took hold of John's hand.
My mobile beeped.
It could not have lasted long. But when he awoke, aware of himself again, "Sherlock" was sitting in the armchair opposite him, looking at him.
And at that moment he heard the doorbell ring.
Bummer.
Everything seemed to stand still.
There was no one else she trusted. That's the nature of people who lie and cheat without batting an eyelid to achieve their goals, and Molly Moriarty was undoubtedly one of them.
And then came the day when the police found out that the one who had shot himself on the roof of the Bart's had only been a petty actor and that Moriarty had fooled them all and was in fact still alive.
So far so good.
Well, I would have to put a few people on the kid to watch him and if he made trouble, he would have to leave the stage sooner than planned.
Splash...
"But of course, my darling. Look, I love you. We've been a couple for about half an hour. And I'd just be a rotten bastard to give it up so quickly and just for a little disagreement, don't you think?"
Sherlock turned at the door once more with a dramatic sweep of his long coat.
Mike came and took care of it. He talked to John like to a sick cow. When none of this helped, he dragged him by force from his chair and dragged him to the bathroom. He pushed him in and closed the door.
"Oh," he said, "so difficult?"
Quick as a flash, Molly turned around.
And he let his hands slide over John's back and his behind.
"Hey," I protested, "I'm not his date!"
Those were the first words I heard from his voice. Such a wonderful, dark baritone.
Moreover, he had solved cases together with Sherlock for several years, and it was assumed that he had learned a lot from the consulting detective. Had studied his methods at close quarters. So who, if not he, would be able to bring Moriarty to justice?
I decided to rip him to pieces. To play a game with him and destroy him in the process.
He grabbed his laptop and started working his way through some medical sites and forums on the internet that dealt with psychology, and specifically grief psychology.
"Information. Nothing dramatic. Just keep me informed about Sherlock's daily life. You know, I care about him. Constantly."
"Good, and I'll make sure that you and the good Mrs Hudson are not bothered again."
In the message, at his request, no, his instruction, I posed as the last victim and claimed only to have fainted. I ordered the murderer to 22 Northumberland Street.
Sherlock solved the case.
"Sherlock, I've fooled you. I never wanted an open relationship. I only went along with it because both Mycroft and Greg advised me to, but mostly because I didn't want you to put pressure on yourself, because you felt you had to give me more than you were ready to. I know you slept with others to learn and be ready for me, so that's fine with me and I'm not angry or anything like that.
"I'm sorry, Moriarty, I gave you far more credit than that. Do you really think you and I here are the only ones who know about your masquerade?"
That that's what's irretrievable.
Now, for the first time, it would become clear whether I would succeed in fooling Sherlock Holmes.
"Lestrade? Listen...“
Sherlock talked at her, got out where she was and called Lestrade, who immediately arranged everything else.
Then there was the acquaintance from Sherlock's circle who was to introduce me to Sherlock as an old friend.
Yes, now John realised that he had just ... deduced a few things there. He had probably learned more from Sherlock than he had believed himself, because these things had just jumped out at him.
Sherlock was jumping around in elegant figures on the sofa and shooting at a yellow smiley he had painted on the wall.
"Anyone else who might have known about it? One of your people, perhaps?"
"You have no idea ..."
I need to go home, he thought, home to Baker Street. I need to get some peace and quiet.
Now he would go ahead and "deduce me." He would show what he was made of.
Mycroft looked at me questioningly. I did not, however, think to respond to the unspoken question.
I knew exactly where I was, after all I know London like the back of my hand. Even though I work internationally, London is my headquarters and I know my way around.
He looked shyly and excitedly at Sherlock.
John wasn't sure whether to be happy or disappointed about this.
So John walked uncertainly over to the kitchen and took a cup from the cupboard and then, after a moment's hesitation, Sherlock's favourite cup. He took two tea bags from the drawer and, after the kettle had whistled on the cooker, poured them both.
He ran after Greg, jumping into the police car with him. They whizzed through the city and had an amazing green wave on the way to Baker Street. Maybe Mycroft had a hand in it? Well never mind, if that was the case, it would only suit him at the moment if it meant they arrived faster than would normally have been the case.
He talked and talked, looking through everything he had saved on his laptop.
The detective gave an unintelligible mumble, pressing back further until he was tucked tightly against John, his plush arse resting in John’s groin, the warm skin of his back against his chest. John reached to wrap an arm around his detective, biting back a groan of delight at the stretch, at the feeling of covering Sherlock, the two of the pressed together in the warm cocoon of the bedroom.
“Yes good afternoon Watson, no need to pull my teeth out. I have organised with Molly to get hold of a dentistry model of the human mandible, but it won’t be here until next week, so you will have to restrain yourself.   Now observe, here we have
But other than that? Everything was peachy.
It was Sherlock’s turn to run his hands over John, hesitating at first, but growing more confident, the water helping him glide over John’s skin. He pays particular attention to John’s scar, leaning to kiss at it, carefully tracing along the raised edges of it with his tongue, as though he could smooth the past hurt away. His hands have just drifted down to trace against the cleft between John’s arse cheeks, close to where John’s cock is beginning to take notice of proceedings, before breaking off with a sigh as Mrs Hudson’s throws open the door of the flat and calls for them, Rosie giving a familiar shriek at the sight of their beloved mess of a home. John chuckles, affectionately butting against Sherlock’s forehead before reaching up to kiss him, slipping out of the shower to wrap a towel around his hips just as Mrs Hudson begins to knock at the bathroom door.
He poured as much of his attention as possible into Rosie, taking her to infant swimming classes, to children’s petting zoos, for tea with Mrs Hudson. On one particularly memorable occasion, he put on an old pair of running shoes that hadn’t seen a lot of use in the past few months and strapped Rosie into her pram for a jog through the Botanical Gardens. She only had to scream for several hundred meters before he got the message, lifting her out of the pram and cuddling her to his chest, rubbing her back to try to quiet her hiccupping gasps. More than one onlooker had come up to ask if he needed help and John had grimly refused, eventually placing his daughter back into the stroller to make their way home at as slow of a pace as he could reasonably manage, where he walked in circles around the flat until Sherlock arrived back in the early afternoon.
“I love you. Ok? I fucked up, years ago, when I thought your ‘married to my work’ meant that you weren’t interested in any kind of relationship at all, so I went through women like you go through nitric acid. And then, I know, it started to seem like you weren’t married to your work anymore. And I panicked, because I’m a wanker, and used the phrase ‘I’m not gay’ as a shield. Because even in the army, shagging another man was fine, but it wasn’t something you admitted to. Not ever. And then I married Mary, and I hurt you. I hurt you Sherlock, and I’m so sorry, because I loved you, but hurting you was easier. So I did that.”
When the knock at the door came, he got up good naturedly to answer it, expecting a client who he could perhaps have a cup of tea with, maybe a bit of chat until Sherlock came back, only to come face to face with Iain MacKelpie, his dismay immediately visible on his face for the other man to see.
In the end, he ended up ambushing the detective as he came through the door, loudly bemoaning the standards at which universities allowed forensic criminology students to graduate while simultaneously grabbing a spoon to scrape out the jam jar with glee.
“MRS HUDSON, I couldn’t agree more,” John spluttered, taking the tea towel from their landlady, who was definitely not their housekeeper in any shape or form and steering her out the door. “An afternoon for a nap. Excellent. You can go and have a lie down then, maybe watch some telly, and then later I’ll bring some more of Rosie’s bottle mix so you won’t need to worry about running out again. Alright?”
The flat in Mrs Hudson's house, an armchair, the fireplace, the skull, all of it, as much as it reminded him of Sherlock, there was something familiar about it, and as much as he grieved, he found safety here. And that's exactly what he needed now, so that he wouldn't end up going completely crazy.
The young hotel attendant smirked at us knowingly. Well, the room smelled of masculine perfume and sex. It was impossible not to notice what had been going on here until a few minutes ago, and the food we had ordered implied that it was about to continue in exactly the same way.
Besides, the whole thing is a good remedy against my omnipresent boredom. Boredom is probably the plague of the highly intelligent. My brain always knows everything in advance and finds no pleasure in the small, strange activities of "normal" people, who for me are not much more than ants.
"What's it like, living with Sherlock Holmes? What's he like?"
"Shh!" I said, putting my index finger on his lips.
And I wasn't bored.
And have my fun in the process, of course.
About an hour later, on my way back from this therapist, I walked through the small park and concentrated on the individual aspects of my role. It was a sunny autumn day and my mood was great as the anticipation of what was to come completely flooded me.
I loved him. I was getting inside of him. I filled him. I pushed him.
A long elegant Belstaff coat.
He was still shaking.
And when he became conscious, he was overcome with grief. It came like a great surge of darkness, fear, but mostly pain. Such a dull, deep pain that lay on top of him and woven a cloak of blackness around everything, so that he could no longer see the life around him.
"She was brilliant. Well, not as brilliant as me, but no one is. And yes, she was cruel, cold as ice, brutal ... but she was genius."
Richard gasped. For quite a while he couldn't get a word out.
"An absolute pain in the arse," I said. "A maniac. An egotist. An absolutely fascinating person. I have to put up with quite a bit from him because he pushes me around and uses me as a personal maid. But he's also brilliant. Just to see him at work, it's ... wow."
Of course I was still upset, but I knew that with Sherlock I would always have to expect surprises like this and similar ones.
"Really? The best solution for whom?"
He had to admit that it felt good to have the warm water flowing around his body. It seemed to wash away some of the dullness.
And yet, when he'd been at the door just now, asking for her to listen to him because he had something on his mind, she'd let him in without a moment's hesitation, and now she was making him a comforting cup of tea first.
He was such a clever fellow ...
The shock drained from Molly Moriarty's face.
This was necessary on the one hand, because even for a genius like me it is not easy to present a completely different person in every single second of life. On top of that I sometimes, well, have certain mental breakdowns... ( yes, when people are stupid for example, and then treat me disparagingly, that makes me aggressive. I mean, how dare such people!)
"My dear John, you are anything but stupid. You may not have Sherlock's - or my - intellect. But you do have a keen practical mind, and we both know that you have been instrumental in solving a case with it on more than one occasion. You really should stop hiding your light under a bushel."
I feel hate when someone feels equal to me and especially when I mingle with the crowd and play a normal person, I feel it when someone doesn't give me the space I deserve. For example, bumping into me or not listening to me. I have already killed for that.
I prefer "playing".
And fifthly I had the next laughing fit because my poor, overworked brain told me that if Sherlock would not share this passion in the long run, I could still turn to Greg Lestrade with confidence ...
So I needed a character who was quite the opposite. Patient to a fault, so people took it from him that he could stand Sherlock.
I closed my eyes and sent a quick prayer to heaven. Dear God, let me die. Now. Please. A classic heart attack? Or a nice little ruptured aneurysm? Please!
That's how it had been and the stick still had to be with the guilty party: the fiancée's brother.
"If you remember correctly, Dr Watson, I said I allow almost no emotion. There is one exception in my life. And that exception is Gregory. My fiance.“
"I'll think about it," John said.
After all, I had intended the psychosomatic limp to gradually get better and disappear through meeting Sherlock. Well, my mind had probably decided over my head (what a pun, yes, I'm good at that too!) that it would be better if the whole thing happened much faster.
But when I returned from shopping, to my great surprise, the kitchen table was cleared out and clean.
"It would be such an obvious solution to our problem."
He gave John a gentle kiss on the forehead.
The fact that Sherlock had allowed himself to be captured so easily, almost like a child playing hash me, had been rather disappointing.
It sounded soft at first, then it got louder, and then I realised it was a laugh.
But then the decision had been made relatively quickly.
No one had to be that smug but me. No one, not even him!
And he opened the box, which contained two narrow, satin-finished silver rings.
Before he could go on, he had to pat me on the back first, because I had choked on my own spit.
"And is that also what you experience when you have sex with other men and women?"
Because, contrary to my belief earlier, this man, he was easily able to throw me off balance.
I would have loved to feel his lips around my glans. But then I heard him whisper:
My bottom twitched, my tongue moved in the corner of my mouth, my body shook...
"There are four and there must be something different about the last one. Otherwise Lestrade wouldn't come to me."
I solved cases with him and I ran around London with him. Through narrow streets and through dark nights. I saw the battlefield, I saw the fight and the war of the good guys against the bad guys.
What's more, in the case of the password it was a whole 42 characters.
Phone to the ear, the criminal genius pulled a few strings and commissioned a few things and now it was only a matter of hours before John would trip over his own feet and, more importantly, his own incompetence.
I was really disappointed that it didn't occur to him to approach the taxi driver.
He nodded. I had managed to convince him of that some time ago, the naïve brat.
For a few seconds his face, his gaze was one of profound bewilderment, but also absolute clarity.
"As you can see," Sherlock said calmly. "Now do us all a favour and don't try to play your strange masquerade on me. Moriarty."
We enjoyed every evening what we were prepared to give and receive from each other, and it was wonderful.
I didn't want to go to bed with just anybody. I just wanted to sleep with Sherlock and if I couldn't, I wouldn't sleep with anyone.
I was a little surprised that he treated me this way even though he had an interest in me that went far beyond that of a roommate. It was so obvious that he had feelings for me, Watson ... well, it was probably his way of dealing with it, since I had made it clear to him that I wasn't gay.
For the first time in a long while, Sherlock's voice sounded deep and full, like he knew it from before.
I looked for a taxi, which took a while. But I had time enough.
"Do you think about me when you do that?" asked Sherlock, blushing a little and bowing his head.
"So there's nothing wrong with my heart?"
Lestrade, practical as he was, began to shoo everyone around to look for the smartphone.
We entered the lab and there he was.
Sherlock beneath me tensed his body like a taut spring.
"Then I'd like to hear your own voice!"
"Uh... Yes...?“
Sherlock smiled mischievously, causing comforting shivers to run through my insides.
When I wanted to report on it in my blog, he heard about it and asked me not to do it.
I had originally intended to send these texts to the pager itself. But then I had decided to stay in touch with Sherlock and had left that task in Richard's capable hands. The little guy proved to be an invaluable accomplice.
Then he saw Mycroft enter the room behind me.
It's been a long time since I committed my first murder. I was still a "child" then, at least in terms of age. I killed a boy in a swimming pool and it was so easy. I acted like a normal teenager then, like everyone else my age. I had found that if you behave normally, adapted and inconspicuous and then have my intellect, then you can do anything. And get away with anything.
John's head snapped up. With wide eyes he looked into the stunned face of Lestrade.
"Today?" I whispered.
The fake tremor. I had bloody well forgotten about that one. He had actually managed to rattle me, ME!
I looked him in the face, smiled at him and nodded.
Lestrade nodded. "Would there be any chance that you would feel it like a date ...?"
He was exhausted. The last few days had really pulled at his nerves. The media were getting on his nerves to a high degree. Couldn't they please just leave him alone?
"Oh, no, Sherlock, it's just you and me now, exclusively.
"Of course I will do what is necessary immediately," Mycroft said, and John was sure that his measures would be as quick as they were effective.
The word out of Molly's mouth was positively a scream.
We grinned at each other.
But the man only gave a stifled cough.
I had simply forgotten it.
She decided to take the whole thing as a challenge to her.
I moaned, sweat ran down my naked skin while my fingers ran up and down my shaft; teasing my glans; my other hand stroking my testicles.
Rarely did he let the thought flash that this could not be healthy for him ....
But compassion, friendship and such? Pah... ...so unnecessary. I'm glad I don't have that in me.
As much as she didn't like it. But this was over.
While Sherlock was still in the middle of the investigation, I had my explosives model call again. Richard had received appropriate instructions from me via text message.
I would get this stick and sell it profitably, because I had, after all, blown a few million on the Vermeer painting and, on the other hand, I also had a certain reputation to uphold.
This passes in a healthy mourning.
Molly took a deep breath.
"Um, Sherlock," I said, "do we have any plans today? Anything I should have forgotten?"
Sherlock's curiosity was piqued and it was certain that he would now follow this trail like a bloodhound.
It was just John's imagination.
I just went bright red.
Sherlock nodded. "Yes."
"That was easy. The same old game. The two torturers there were as easy for me to read as a children's book. They couldn't stand each other, and it was a matter of minutes to find out that one was sleeping with the other's wife and the other already suspected it ... I stirred up the animosities between the two of them and then I confided in him that he was right in his suspicions. Feelings, Molly, feelings ... superfluous and tiresome, aren't they?"
John let his gaze wander over the table and to his greatest amazement, he had to notice that both the second teacup was empty and the second sandwich had disappeared.
How he looked regretfully as Molly stormed out of the lab in tears.
And he stood up and kissed Sherlock. It was a fleeting little kiss on the lips, but it made it clear to everyone how John and Sherlock felt about each other. Lestrade grinned broadly and a small, subtle smile appeared on Mycroft's face.
The article on the front page of the newspaper was large and impossible to miss, and so it was now official: John Watson had been set to expose Moriarty.
I would promise him everything his heart desired, of course without the intention of keeping even a part of it.
"Yes, John," he breathed. Speaking loudly and clearly was beyond him after the orgasms I had given him in the last few hours.
But no, I had other plans for him, so I pulled myself together.
He had not the faintest idea. For the time being, it was probably best to wait until Sherlock said something.
My name was not yet known to the general public, but sooner or later it would happen.
"Because I love him? Because I care about him more than anything? But damn it, you don't know these things!"
Well, I wanted to have sex with him, yes. But, of course, I didn't want him to feel pressured. Just so that you don't misunderstand: I would never do that, I would give him and me all the time that it took and, as I said before, if necessary do without it completely.
And John... hated himself.
I couldn't get myself together again until a sharp slap from Sherlock brought me to my senses.
"Yes, Sherlock. We may be enemies, and I may hate you, but I actually believe you. It amazes me myself, but I trust you on this. Between us mad geniuses."
He was back to normal personal hygiene. He shopped, he ate, he drank, he even cooked again sometimes, as he had always done for himself and Sherlock.
They looked up to him, they hoped so much of him. And he would hardly be able to fulfil those expectations when he was in the throes of exhausting psychotherapy ...
Well, fresh air wasn't all I had in mind.
I was tempted to call „The Taxi Driver“ or to order his exact car via the taxi centre.
Of course, as John Watson, I fought it off and called myself colleague.
For a few weeks he had been working as harmless little Jim in Saint Bart's, in the IT department. Shortly afterwards, he had already started flirting with Molly, the little sheep. Molly had taken the bait immediately, probably because she was starved for male attention.
This was Sherlock standing here beside him now.
He smiled.
I looked at Mike.
Would John notice the cat and mouse theme?
John smirked.
I needed a therapist for John's trauma. I would eventually return from the foreign assignment and actually have to see a therapist for a few weeks, if only by necessity.
The last step to the big climax.
When he returned from duty, he waited there and greeted him, again with a smile.
So it was anything but a miracle that John's grief was not ordinary, and that he had apparently not yet really come out of the phase of shock, even though Sherlock's jump had now been several months ago.
What? My head was bobbing around, staring at him in amazement.
And Sherlock had clearly defeated her.
As I got older, I found that with my talent, that's what I want to call it, I could make a fortune and live very well. I became, as Sherlock Holmes later called me, a Consulting Criminal and built up a worldwide criminal organization for that purpose.
So nothing could compel Sherlock, except his own curiosity.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in annoyance.
"Excuse me?
"What?" I asked.
Now that is not so easy, after all we are talking about a criminal organisation.
However, the brain did not quite allow him to be sent home for the day. It pestered him with a thought, but for a while it didn't want to surface.
And I set about telling him a suitably tailored version of the whole story.
"Why are you crying?"
"I have a date tonight."
Then I began to nibble his neck. Kissing me to his nipples. Sucking them gently.
I had reached a point where nothing could upset me.
He flicked an imaginary speck of dust from his left thumbnail and seemed to focus for a moment on nothing but that tiny grain of universe. Then he turned his gaze back to the great criminal with the innocent face.
They held the capsules very close to their lips.
John's undeniable qualities were pointed out.
"Your therapist thinks the tremor is the result of post-traumatic stress disorder. She thinks it's triggered by memories of the war. Fire her. You're under stress right now and your hand is perfectly still. You don't fear the war, Dr. Watson. You miss it."
And then it was time.
"Well, if that's what you want, then we'll have an open relationship! And tell your brother to shove it!"
I was a tiny bit excited as Sherlock stared into his microscope, comparing hundreds of different pollens.
But still, the route we took was quite effective and eventually we reached the street where our path crossed that of the taxi.
He had found the suitcase, which was now in his, our? flat. He had discovered the mobile phone missing and deduced that it must be with the murderer.
Molly, the Molly who came across as so sweet, shy and warm.
Truly die, while I go on living and rebuilding my organisation under a different name.
Then the little one got himself ready. As he stood in the suit in front of one of the mirrors in the shower rooms, he was charmed by the sight of himself.
A few times he had held the old army gun in his hands, the gun with which he had shot a serial killer in the first twenty-four hours of their acquaintance in order to save Sherlock.
A block of flats blew up and there were a bunch of dead and injured.
The taxi approached the hospital. Molly had the driver stop two streets away.
It's been two weeks since I've sorted my thoughts on this whole thing.
Just like ancient Rome, thought the brightest head in the criminal world. The emperor had passed his sentence.
"Sherlock, what's going on?"
Sherlock gurgled, and then he did something that he very rarely succeeded in doing: he made a joke that was actually funny, and he did it deliberately and not accidentally.
"Well, then I don't know if I'll ever want it."
And then I opened the door to the pool room.
And that it had to be someone who moved in his environment?
Molly laughed.
I kissed him.
And I could blame these things on the trauma. Good.
He had had to take a lot of ridicule and even if he always acted so cool, it had scratched his ego.
I had to work really hard not to come too quickly.
And yes, he meant it. He was many things, and not just good things, especially interpersonally. But he was bitterly serious about this. He gave Molly Moriarty his word, and he wouldn't break it.
Now all that remained was to climb the fold-out loft stairs that led up to the roof and enter.
That was only half a joke coming from him. We both knew it was probably pretty close to the truth.
John hated the press.
But he was silent.
Someone who would die at the end of the drama.
As if by magic the waiter appeared. When I went to take my wallet out, Mycroft asked me to leave it in the pocket, he'd be glad to pay. But I refused and paid my own share. Or else, that arrogant sod thought I was on some sort of date. That's all I needed, on top of everything else.
But then... I have to admit that the rest of the evening was running over me like a bunch of buffalo.
He seemed to like it because he was panting softly.
"Well, I'm up here alone with you two. I'm going to wipe you out, and then claim you killed each other. And then the world will see nothing in me but desperately distraught Molly."
Greg turned red.
That's where I'm at.
That he had been wrong.
"No, damn it! I'm not all right! In fact, I'm pretty fucked up, Molly! It seems everyone here has been lying to me, you and Sherlock and .... were you planning on telling me the truth at some point?!!"
While Mike raised his hand to knock, I gave a joyful battle cry inside.
"Propose...?" I stammered.
"Why would you do that for Sherlock?"
John Watson.
He did not answer. He just looked at me with those beautiful, unfathomable eyes.
Lestrade looked from him to me and back.
I kissed him again.
And Richard pulled it off with flying colours.
What had happened here had been an end.
"What will you do without me?"
The curator of one of London's great museums had stumbled across an old man in South America who was able to almost magically create a painting that was known to exist from ancient writings. He had the perfect brushstroke, the perfect colouring, etc.
What I saw was a Sherlock with his penis rising steeply in his lap.
Sherlock spoke softly, but I knew who had called. It was some poor devil again, whom my people had dressed in a fashionable waistcoat from the "Explosive Collection".
But I can play it beautifully.
When I calmed down, all that remained of the confusion in my brain was the thought:
"As usual, I'm concerned about you."
"Had to go to work. But I'm here for you. Call me. Call me anytime."
John, however, groaned and said:
He was not supposed to write to me and ask me to come over.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders questioningly.
"I really got to work on Moriarty's network now. And I managed to take out the important heads one by one. With the help of Mycroft's people and contacts, we kept up the channels of communication within the network, so for a long time it didn't really show that we were going after one by one. We sort of subverted and infiltrated and hollowed out the network. It's on the verge of collapse now, one coordinated effort and it's over. And the most amazing thing is that all signs point to the fact that we have managed to hide this fact from Moriarty. He's just brilliant, yes, but not as much as I am. In the end, it proves that my mind is superior to his after all."
Now it was not possible to remove it, to paint over it or anything like that, because that would have been noticed even more upon closer examination. So there was only the assumption that no one would notice it anyway, because art experts are not necessarily familiar with astrology ... and who pays attention to such things? and who pays attention to something like that ...
Molly remained silent. John grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her.
Quite funny actually, because technically Sherlock had solved the case; still, he felt like he'd lost that round.
"To work!"
But Lestrade had doubted. He had not resolutely resisted the whispers of Anderson and Donovan, who had greedily pounced on the reports of the presses, and had turned tail on his superiors who demanded that he investigate.
"There are four," Sherlock said, looking out the window. I could tell by the flickering light that there must be a police car down there.
Boredom was not going to find an opportunity to sneak up on Sherlock again.
I am a real, a proper person. All the others are... just images... just holographic reproductions... dropped stitches in the knitting patterns of the universe. Impressions of my cerebral cortex or flaws in the matrix. Whatever you want to call it, they're not real.
"I guess I underestimated your affection for me, John. Underestimated how much you would grieve for me, and for that I am sorry. I learned that you were getting worse and worse. And so I saw fit to run the rest of it with you out of Baker Street base of operations. The network is almost broken, and together we will now find out where Moriarty is hiding."
Mycroft moaned sullenly.
Sherlock looked at the shoes and approached them slowly.
Mycroft was furious that Sherlock had emerged from his cover prematurely, even before Moriarty's network had been completely dismantled. Sherlock, on the other hand, argued that, after all, even Mycroft's people would not have got any further than he himself had and, besides, he held out against it out of sheer habit.
Sherlock kicked again and now there was no stopping him.
It was hilarious.
No, I was referring to the fact that, as John Watson, I could not wear my usual high quality, tailored clothing. I was used to wearing suits made of luxurious fabrics and of excellent cut.
"Yes, that too ..." continued Sherlock. "But ... I did ..."
And it was just beginning.
Now it was my turn to be completely amazed.
"You trust me?"
A short time later we were standing outside a small restaurant called Angelos. There he found us a table with a good view of the address given.
„...“
The trauma he needed could be from a war mission or a serious accident, maybe both in combination during a foreign mission. That would explain it conclusively, and here it would be easy to manipulate the relevant documents that would prove that he had been with the Corps at that time.
John felt a pleasant shiver run down his spine. The whole thing made him feel good.
He stood up. Molly tried to hold him back.
John hated Molly. Molly was not responsible for the whole story, John knew that too. But he just hated everyone who had known Sherlock and had not prevented the tragedy. Well, maybe with the exception of Mrs Hudson. You simply couldn't hate the dear old lady.
So he turned around, ran upstairs to his bedroom and opened the small drawer containing his old military weapon. He weighed it in his hand indecisively for a moment, but then tucked it into his waistband and slipped his jumper over it.
They actually seemed to think she was Moriarty. Molly couldn't help but giggle at the thought. John had actually done her an invaluable service. How could he have come up with such an idea! And everyone else seemed to fall for this false scent as well! Wonderful!
On the other hand ... who else could it be? John Watson?
I was eager to hear the answer Richard would now convey.
"Oh, so you just think I'm incapable of taking myself back for my partner's sake?"
We looked at each other and snorted.
Okay, now it was about to happen.
When he put the bowl back down, there was a note with his mobile number underneath.
The rascal lying on the ground yelled my name in pain.
His eyes, of such an indefinable colour. Bright and luminous.
He pushed her off him, he couldn't bear her, couldn't bear anyone now.
She had been handed a pager, the text of which she was now reading off in tears.
But the way life works: I think at least things can't get any worse now.
Besides, "Watson" was supposed to have a psychosomatic limp and that needed some training.
A wonderful scenario.
And just like last time, the relieving news came shortly afterwards, so that he could inform Lestrade and he could arrange everything else. This time the square had to be closed off before my victim could be freed from the explosives.
John's eyes snapped open.
Mycroft decided that something had to be done immediately.
When the little bell rings and you know: we're about to step through the door into the festively decorated living room and then the presents will be unwrapped!
I'm not as good as him at listening to who comes up the stairs, and besides that, at knowing their life story, childhood illnesses, favourite food and what grade they got in mathematics in the third year from their footsteps.
The hostage was, as I said, blind, so Richard had radioed her the messages she was supposed to speak on a pair of in-ear headphones.
"If that's anyone else now, who also suggests I screw him, I'll jump off the roof of the Barth!"
I sat up and looked the still bound man in the eye.
It was written all over his face that he had not expected to meet someone like "John". Someone so harmless that the description "nice guy" just jumped out of his pores.
"Jesus Christ!", John shouted at her. He seemed genuinely angry. "Molly, are you even listening to me? I know you're Moriarty!"
"John, let's start by repeating what we just experienced. Today. And tomorrow. And the day after. ...and …"
That human factor in this case was Richard.
"Sherlock...!!!"
Sherlock grinned back.
And that was all that mattered to him.
But at the same time, anger came.
Mrs Hudson????
When John entered the flat, "Sherlock" was nowhere to be seen.
And John? Good, harmless John Watson? Well, Molly had to admit, despite his final fallacy, he'd done a much better job than she'd originally given him credit for. But this?
So let’s take a deep breath before I tell you the rest of it.
All very obvious, John thought and smirked slightly. From the looks of it, he had indeed succeeded Sherlock's heir.
"And who is that?"
Well, I had no doubt that everything would go my way.
It could have stayed that way.
And he had done everything he was supposed to do perfectly.
"Okay, John. I'll try to stay out of it. I promise."
She widened her eyes, knowing that her big brown doe eyes were giving off that "Oh please, please don't hurt me, I'm so little!" look.
She still knew that she was one of the brightest, even most brilliant minds on the planet. There was only the one superior to her. As much as she hated to admit it, it was a fact. And as big and inflated as her ego was, as strangely twisted and skewed as her brain was, as much as omnipotent fantasies dominated her thinking and delusions of grandeur were undeniably a part of her personality - she didn't even deny it herself - she was not inclined to overlook immutable facts.
And now, something happened that really shook me up again that day.
Well, they would try to find and expose Moriarty.  They would never succeed, of course, because the criminal mastermind was smarter than all of them put together.
And yes, I did.
"I had only one chance to prevent that: by dying myself. Now, of course, I had no intention of really stepping down from the stage of life. So my brother and I turned to Molly Hooper. And she helped us... well, at least I survived. When you found me on the pavement, I wasn't dead, and the body that was in the pathology later was someone else's. ... Anyway, the point of all this was to put a smokescreen on Moriarty."
The love I felt for Sherlock was more important to me.
He wasn't going mad.
I took another sip of beer.
"No, John," he said.
Instead, as John Watson, I was left with cheap jeans and shirts, not to mention those unspeakable knitted jumpers.
I had planned to arrange a meeting between him and "Moriarty" after all these cases, of which Sherlock now knew that his arch-rival Moriarty was behind everything.
Drinking beer with Greg was one of the things I would definitely not do in the foreseeable future.
I had fun, I won't deny that, but it always left a bitter aftertaste.
"Are you not having ... plans today?"
The whole world expected him to take down Moriarty.
"No, John, but maybe I should run an ad in the Times?"
Eventually we fell asleep, both exhausted but happy.
Well, Sherlock didn't need to be told twice. He took John's chin in his right hand, pulled him gently towards him and kissed John.
In every single second of his existence.
My invented character shouldn't be an island. When you create something like that, you should get a good background story and also some few social contacts. That makes the whole thing more credible.
As horrible as that thought was, it would just explain everything.
I was stunned.
Christ, no, of course not.
Then Sherlock said:
She swallowed hard.
Once even Mycroft himself had stopped by ... but he had been dealt with quite briefly by John and had not tried to show up here again.
Lambs are the very embodiment of innocence.
When he finally let go of me he began to tell me.
Besides, he was damn good looking.
Oh, to hell with it. He had now decided to go for it, and if he was going to do something, he was going to do it with full commitment. He would just put up with the resulting inconvenience.
I would serve him a few cases over the next few hours and days and let him know that Moriarty was behind it. Every single one of those cases was going to give him clues that Moriarty knew about him better than he could have liked. That he was closer to him than he had previously believed. That everything was not as it seemed and Moriarty knew things about him that only someone who actually knew him could know.
He looked a little sad.
"You just watched?"
I had placed a mobile phone in the envelope that looked strikingly similar to the one from the taxi driver case.
"No," John yelled, because he didn't actually want to see anyone.
"John, can't you just stay here?"
It got louder again, until he finally threw himself onto the sofa laughing, clawing at me and looking as if he couldn't breathe. I was a bit in a huff, I didn't think it was so funny, and sat there with my arms crossed in annoyance.
They had given her a fashion makeover on my instructions.
I saw him looking at his phone screen. Aha, so the taxi man had sent him a message. Asked him to come out.
He looked through everything he had here. All the documents, case files, videos.
I was as excited as I'd been since I was a kid at Christmas. Stupid comparison, I know. Whatever. Anyway, I was in a kind of frenzy. I felt like I was on drugs.
They trickled out of the present, like grains of sand falling from the top of the hourglass into the bottom.
For heaven's sake, he had to realise that!
For example, I find it extremely amusing to be able to name every bone that one of my henchmen breaks in a prisoner. It adds spice to interrogations...
I've been able to get a few words out in the meantime.
Literally scanned him with his eyes.
"You told me," he said. "When you told me about his death in Serbia. You couldn't have known that if you'd really just been Molly. It struck us as odd and then we investigated."
And secondly, I was going to talk to Mycroft about it.
But until that happened, I was patient and waited for Sherlock to contact me, Moriarty.
"Oh John," he panted, "you are wonderful. John, please, I ..."
And yes, the stupid person called my name.
Anyway, in the meantime I had decided to make the "Moriarty" appearance much bigger to give Sherlock a real treat before I pushed him into the abyss.
Actually, J. stands for John.
"John, I should probably tell you that I have little to no sexual experience."
And as Sherlock tends to do, it didn't stop there. In the days and weeks that followed, he devoured all the literature he could find on astrology and scoured the internet for interesting sites on the subject.
Sherlock played poker, because even if they were well on their way, things didn't quite look like that yet.
Moriarty's informant must have been very close to Sherlock.
"Yes. Please," he said and I felt him shiver with pleasure.
Well that would have to wait and see.
He looked at me and then said:
I just looked at him, not knowing what to say.
But that was no reason to go to bed with him.
Still the taxi man talked at Sherlock. Petty chatter and I could tell his confidence was leaving him.
"John, I just want you to be happy. I know that I can't give you everything that you need, at least not yet. So it's best for both of us if you take it somewhere else."
"Then maybe a boyfriend? Which would be perfectly fine, by the way."
"Here's another photo," Sherlock said and opened it.
And when I no longer needed him, I would cut the string.
As soon as I got out, I knew who was standing in front of me in the dimly lit, dirty hall.
"I couldn't, John. You're ... a good friend, an invaluable assistant, and more ... but if there's one thing you can't do, it's lie. You're a horrible liar and you wouldn't have been able to keep up such a deception credibly."
"The killer has kept the shoes all these years, John. Do you realise what that means?"
"Well..." , I said hesitantly. "I think so. We should keep quiet about it until this whole thing is over."
I do not know how that works, for I do not feel such feelings. That does not mean that I am completely unfeeling, certainly not. It is just that all my feelings relate to me.
"Oh, damn it!" gave Sherlock, annoyed.
"But that's not important for you either, Richard. You'd better not ask too many questions. It's what you're supposed to embody. That's all you need to know."
The argument that broke out between Sherlock and Mycroft was deafening.
"John!"
But who could he trust now?
John began to giggle. Chuckling, as if hiccupping. Then gradually slipping into an almost hysterical fit of laughter.
No, he thought then. No. It would be easy, but he knew there were people who cared about him. And he didn't want to ... no, he couldn't bring himself to leave such a ground zero as Sherlock had done.
Or, as Greg would probably say, who generally expressed himself in a much more down-to-earth way (heavens, it was still a mystery to me what the two found in each other): I had a murderous boner.
"Well, it just so happens... He's different for me, you know? Not the way the world knows him, cold and calculating... I know the other one, the real Mycroft.“
The mastermind chuckled. John Watson, of all people.
"Thank you."
"Sounds good," he said, and patted on the sofa beside him to ask me to sit with him.
But in the end I only cooked Spaghetti Napoli and trusted in the power of love.
The next evening I got dressed up and went out. I knew some interesting clubs in town. Some from earlier years, too, where you were in good hands if you were interested in the same sex.
Well, perhaps I could again combine the pleasant with the useful. First fuck and then cut the throat in the moment of highest ecstasy ... I smiled promisingly at the young man.
No, Moriarty had clearly known things about Sherlock that were so deeply personal that his knowledge must have gone far beyond that.
When he had finally left the carriage with the other passengers and was standing on the platform, he looked around frantically. But the figure - had it really been Sherlock? - was nowhere to be seen.
For taking the meaning out of his, John's, life and now preventing him from putting an end to this existence that had become meaningless just by remembering him.
"Get in, Dr Watson."
For at that very moment the mobile phone gave a signal.
It was three days later. Sherlock had left the house an hour earlier to go out.
This was demonstrated again here. There are always things you can't know in advance.
So what was to be expected now, what opponents were on the cards?
John went on.
"All right, John, but please call me Greg. Not Gregory, that's..." he hesitated, "That's reserved for Mycroft."
She had medical knowledge, something that clearly applied to Moriarty. Had a scientific background. Had brains, oh yes.
Mycroft made a sort of snort that, with a lot of good will, could have been interpreted as Mycroft giggling.
His eyes flashed and profound relief spread across his features.
If he actually succeeded in grabbing Moriarty, then things would be different.
But this was simply the definition of "dressed to go out."
It was fascinating.
John had just been about to take a sip of tea when he grasped this thought and also the thought that forced itself upon him as a consequence.
It was all too much. The teacup fell from his hands and shattered on the floorboards. The floor spun under his feet and he slumped unconscious.
"Lestrade," he said, "he's asked me to join him in the Yard. Will you come?"
"Well," Sherlock said, "I told Mike this morning that I was looking for a flatmate. And now he introduces me to an old acquaintance who's just back from military service in Afghanistan. Not hard to draw the right conclusions from that, is it?"
And once again, piece by piece, he set apart for Molly what thoughts and clues had led him to this conclusion.
"Because you and I are made for each other. You and me. And I get bored too when you do."
"To protect you. Imagine if Sherlock had seen through me. You could have justifiably said you knew nothing about who I was. But now I know Sherlock buys that I am John Watson, Military Surgeon A.D. and so there is no more danger. Besides," I flattered his ego, "I know you now and how shrewd and strong you are."
Okay, I still had a little time left.
And to hell with the rest of the world.
Again.
"Well ..."
"Jim! Come in!"
"Well, Sherlock," I said. "I'm not exactly thrilled that you discuss such matters with your brother. I'd like it that, in future, for matters concerning our partnership, I were to be your first person to talk to, agreed?"
"Good," she said, "I ... have made my decision."
"Impossible."
As the usual time approached, and I didn't bother to get ready to go out, I felt Sherlock's look on me again, this time a questioning look.
I let a moment pass and then said:
"Nothing," John stammered, "it's .... nothing ..."
"Afghanistan or Iraq?"
They sat facing each other, both lost in their thoughts, Sherlock in dark thought, John completely in shock.
He didn't ask me the next morning what it had been like. I tried something like a mysterious, satisfied smile. And I noticed Sherlock's attempts to see what I'd experienced, and I also realised that he wasn't getting down to the details.
Wind swept around her and at first it seemed to her that she was alone here.
Perhaps he should turn to Mycroft? As much as he was still angry and pissed at him. But surely Mycroft wouldn't hesitate to get him a good therapist. And someone Mycroft recommended would definitely, firstly, know his stuff and actually be able to help him, and secondly, be discreet. One could be sure of that.
I had decided that explosive-laden and elaborately wired waistcoats were en Vogue this season. Whether the bitch shared this taste I did not know, probably she would not appreciate my efforts. But she didn't matter.
Arriving at the Baker Street house, he got out of the car as well.
Making a young, self-absorbed man who was not strictly defined in his sexuality sexually dependent on me should not be particularly difficult for me. I would enjoy feigning great love for him.
"Oh, I'm sure John, Mycroft will take care of me for you."
Sherlock's wonderful, deep voice rang out. It echoed off the tiles and in this way sounded even deeper and fuller than usual.
I was lucky and actually caught a taxi, so that half an hour later I stormed up the stairs to our apartment at 221B Baker Street.
One, a single one, who was like me and still is.
"I'm not crying. I send the text to the pager and the little bitch reads it out."
I looked briefly questioningly over at Mike and then immediately back at my object of desire.
I needed time to think.
And when it was over and she could have been rescued by the police, she began to describe Richard's voice.
John's gaze moved from Lestrade to "Sherlock" and back to Lestrade.
I looked at him with big eyes.
The final reason for all this was the curator. A cowardly person, selfish to the core.
Even more than usual.
When I realised this, I sat back comfortably and let Sherlock do the rest of the work.
And since Sherlock had now gone down the path of sexual activity together with me, there was, in my opinion, no longer any need for it.
Good.
"Not you, John. Never you."
"He was going to come back when it was all done," Molly said quietly.
Me, John Watson.
'This is so beautiful, like a dream,' John thought, 'but the most beautiful thing about it is that it's just not a dream.'
I smiled.
And of course I would exploit that for myself. Oh, yes.
"But what if it does? I want so much to live with you, John. Want to experience so many more things with you. Can't we just run away?"
"Well, Molly, we need your decision. One thing's for sure, you're not getting out of here. You don't have a chance to escape."
At which point, all I could do was scream, and Sherlock just looked at me in complete confusion, because he had absolutely no idea what I was getting so upset about.
"Hello, John," he said, his voice shaky.
"Oh sorry, I..." he stammered.
Sherlock's eyes lit up, and a beautiful smile came over his face.
I planned to just have a nice evening, to dance, flirt and just have a little fun. And afterwards, at home, just to smile mysteriously in response to any questions or comments. I trusted my luck and the fact that Sherlock did not always manage to deduce my emotional state.
We laughed softly.
With that done, Moriarty set off into the day, for there was a part to play. A role that Moriarty had been playing for so long now, and one that was likely to fool the whole world into thinking that this person who seemed so friendly and harmless was in fact something else entirely.
Oh, my God.
Every time.
And then, just when she had resigned herself to the fact that she would have to start all over again, she got a text message.
He hated it when I ... had dates.
"Yes. I borrowed the ID card, it can always come in handy."
He collapsed on the floor, crying.
John sighed.
Instantly, the little cogs in Molly Moriarty's head rattled and she played through all her options in a flash.
They had believed the rumours. No, to say so was perhaps unfair, but they had investigated on the basis of the rumours. Believed false leads. Taken false assumptions at face value. And then it had got out of hand, because when the press had got word that Scotland Yard was investigating, there had been even more noise in the papers.
Molly's beautiful, warm eyes snapped open in shock.
"So ... is it really true ...?"
She coughed and ran her hands over her face.
"And that's why I suggest you meet Bill Wiggins for this purpose."
All I could do was shrug my shoulders and wait for the next surprise.
"Sherlock, don't promise me anything, we'll let it all hang out, and you never have to go further than you want at any given moment."
The old lady was certainly no coward. She had been through more in her life than many and had dealt out some pretty good blows. She was a tough cookie and not easily frightened. But a dead man on the stairs in the house was a bit much for her, too.
He rose.
Nevertheless, it was in my interest, because I wanted this stick and I would get it. Sherlock would get it for me.
John jumped out of the car. Mrs Hudson was standing at the front door. She had her arms wrapped tightly around her and was sobbing. John rushed up to her and pulled her into a comforting embrace.
Now he lay in front of me and my senses almost disappeared.
Sherlock seemed relieved that I was laughing and began to grin. That was when it was over with me and I had to laugh out loud, so much that I almost couldn't breathe. Sherlock faltered for a moment in astonishment, then he joined in. And it took quite a while to catch our breath again.
He mused to himself.
He helped me up. Granted, I was wobbling a lot.
"Then let's go into the bedroom.  Go ahead!"
"Dr Watson, there's a second bedroom up there. If you need a second one."
And this would not be so easy to crack.
Again I have to take a breath to be able to tell what has happened.
Then we finally stood in front of the door of the laboratory where HE was working.
For a while they were all three silent.
"Oh God, your nemesis," I said, because as John Watson I had no idea who was standing in front of us. "The one who offered me money to spy on you!"
Now it would prove how strong his faith in John Watson was.
Lestrade was out of the question because he belonged to the Yard.
Sherlock grinned.
"And is it also what we would experience if we were making love?"
I've also slipped into roles from time to time in the past. It's part of the job and I actually like doing it. But over such a long period of time, day after day and actually around the clock, because even if I didn't spend my time with Sherlock, I moved in "our" environment and had to behave accordingly, I hadn't had that in this form before.
I was in my head for a while and I didn't notice Mycroft staring at me thoughtfully.
John had knocked over the coffee mug and the brown brew was flowing across the floor, but he didn't care.
And then I made two decisions:
It only took seconds for the answer to come through.
Tears were streaming down John's face. They were tears of despair because he just didn't understand; tears of joy because Sherlock was back; tears of anger because he had been treated badly.
She put a tremor in her voice.
"A boy, quite large feet. Comes from Sussex, the pollen in the dirt on the sole told me. He loved the shoes, which date back to the eighties. Took great care of them. Comes here to London and something bad happens to him .... Oh ..."
I had never got down on my knees in front of one of my sex objects, nor had I ever orally pleasured anyone.  The little guy had no idea what a privilege he was enjoying here.
"Ah!" Jim seemed pleased.
"Yes, John, I imagine..."
"So, John, what can I do for you?"
For the very first time, it seemed that those who represented law and order, and thus at the forefront, Dr John Hamish Watson, always treated by Sherlock as a kind of lapdog, were getting uncomfortably close to Moriarty.
"Yes, John. I'm sorry to ask this of you, and I know it's a lot to ask, but..."
More difficult was the tanning of my skin. I wanted to have a tan on my face and hands that indicated a long stay abroad, and just my face and hands so that it was clear that it had not been a pleasure stay.
"I want to do all this with you, if that's what you want."
"You want more of that?"
He sat down, tightened his legs, wrapped his arms around it and hung on to his memories.
How he worked out that the woman was from Cardiff; that she had lovers; that she wanted to stay in London overnight, that the word she had tried to scratch into the wooden floor before she died was the name 'Rachel'; that there had to be a suitcase.
One of the two shooters from outside.
Anyway, now all the pieces of the puzzle were in place, all the cogs snapped into place.
She would just have to take advantage of that.
Mycroft nodded.
Sherlock immediately managed to get a taxi and we got in.
But there was still some time before my Richard would make the next extra call sherlock.
I ran up the stairs to my room, which I hadn't used in weeks, as I'd slept in his bed with Sherlock.
Besides, the most important trump card the other side had, Sherlock Holmes, was no longer there to help.
I couldn't believe it.
"Um..."
He wrote, "John, we need to see each other, please. Now."
"Hey, and you invaded Afghanistan after all!"
" ... a fighter with military experience ..."
It was Sherlock.
I wonder what he saw in him...
He sat down at the kitchen table and began to eat. And while he did so, he was now back to his thoughts, trying to find a way to deal with the situation. He was so deeply absorbed in himself that he no longer paid attention to his surroundings.
It had all got worse and worse over the last few weeks, and the worst of it was that Molly hadn't the faintest idea who or what was behind it.
Richard jumped around him a little like an excited little dachshund.
Oh no. I didn't actually mean Mycroft and his equally razor-sharp mind. Nor the fact that, since he worked for the government, he probably had one or two options available to him.
Good.
"So did he?"
I took the opportunity to start an argument with him that would give me the chance to leave the flat in a rage. We shouted at each other, I accused him of being absolutely impossible and of trampling on my patience.
Only one.
As he stood in front of the door, it went through his mind how reckless this had just been. He was alone in the house. Maybe he should have his gun with him next time ...
But darn it, Molly didn't know where he was. Not that she hadn't tried to find out. She had put people on his trail. To no avail. People got arrested or disappeared, or information just didn't get through to her.
"John, I'm a thinker. My heart is only there to pump blood and supply oxygen to my brain to keep it so highly efficient. That's how I've always seen it, anyway ..."
Could have faked phone calls.
John didn't understand it all, but little by little he realised one thing:
Well, this business about the allegedly recovered Vermeer painting.
Actually, he was quite to my liking with that.
It sounded against his ear. Another sign that he was on the verge of completely losing it, because there was no one else in the room, phantom or not.
Sherlock was shouting at the taxi driver:
Not intercourse, of course, it was too early for that, just a hand job, but it would be his first time... my heart started pounding again, like it had to pound its way out of my chest with a hammer and chisel.
His gaze darkened again.
"Dr Watson, if you are indeed moving into ...," he pulled out a small notebook, "221 B Baker Street, then I could pay you a certain sum each month to make your day-to-day life easier."
She nodded to Sherlock and asked:
Mycroft phoned his assistant, informed her of his absence and asked her to postpone the meeting with some CEO.
You don't forget your loved one because of this, and perhaps even decades later you still have moments when grief deeply grips you. But it no longer overlays your entire life.
They had started the initial rumours that had eventually led Sherlock to jump off the roof of St. Bart's.
It was botulinum again. So a toxin that has a direct relationship to Sherlock through the Powers case.
This time I gave Sherlock a few days before I threw the next case at him.
"More than all right, Sherlock. More than okay."
I had to sit down.
"I don't suppose you're his friend?"
The message read: "221b".
He sat in his armchair, brooding muffledly. Eating and drinking what was necessary, dragging himself into the bathroom when his body felt the need. Dragged himself back into his armchair, sat there brooding again. For weeks, in the same shirt, the same pants. Barefoot. Unwashed, unkempt... It didn't matter anymore.
Richard sprawled in front of me, on this large hotel bed covered with wonderfully fragrant, floral-white bed linen and pillows in orientally lavish quantities. Naked, as some spiritual omnipotent entity assumed by most of the western world had created him.
And: to poke his nose at me, so to speak.
I picked up my mobile phone and listened.
"I was thinking of Jawn for a nickname.“
Lestrade, on the other hand, looked dumbfounded at the phone, from which now only the toot of the line sounded. A strange call, in more ways than one. He shook his head and went on his way.
Anyway, Richard shouldn't be a problem.
And I kind of wanted him to ... but then again I didn't ... this game with fire was just what fascinated me.
No. John decided that it was finally time to stop.
I pulled him onto my bed and started to kiss him passionately. He responded immediately. My hands went through his curls, heaven, how I loved those curls!
I got a hysterical laughing fit. With tears and gasping for air, I was yapping:
Sherlock was dead and he wasn't coming back.
I held the gun at the ready.
Then I laughed, as if I only now understood.
"Dr Watson, yes, I am of the opinion that feelings are a weakness, a flaw that leaves a person vulnerable and blocks some capacity for the mind to function properly. I myself do not allow..." He hesitated -
And not for the first time in the last few days, he considered calling Mycroft Holmes. He still hated Mycroft, but he had to admit that sometimes he could be useful in life. And now he just needed his help.
And he was supposed to be a soldier, laughable!
"Got into danger?"
It was an adrenaline-fuelled situation and I enjoyed it deeply. But most of all I enjoyed the fact that all my planning seemed to lead exactly to the desired goal.
Sherlock did not allow himself to be distracted from his work.
A meeting between Sherlock and "Moriarty."
"Sherlock, I get the impression that we're both complete idiots."
He frowned a little as he took the first sip. The stuff tasted every bit as horrible as you'd imagine. Despite the milk and sugar. John was actually more of a tea drinker, and he valued high-quality varieties. But tea from a vending machine was even worse, you might as well drink dishwater, so that was out of the question. And the coffee would at least keep him awake.
Anyway, he asked:
In any case, the situation was very satisfying at first.
I put a finger on his lips and laughed.
A short time later, a taxi pulled up and Sherlock seemed to have an epiphany.
And there was someone I could think of who would be wonderful for it. I thought of Richard Brook, the young actor who was to portray "Moriarty" in the play I would be doing for Sherlock.
He looked to the side, embarrassed.
Well, on the other hand, that was very, very unlikely.
I had triggered the showdown.
"Yes, John. Rather original, isn't it? If I wasn't a consulting detective, that might have been an interesting line of business ..."
And now here he was, sitting in the taxi, driving around town with me listening to him, fascinated, as he unravelled the whole case.
I admit, the sight of him was more than arousing.
"I ... he ..." Molly stammered and blushed.
And that's when I had the idea to put him on the Vermeer painting.
However, to portray a criminal mastermind playing a harmless gay man who in turn hides his gayness ... this multi-layered acting and in front of the seeing eye of a Sherlock Holmes ... that was a real achievement.
It was Greg.
The murderer would confess the deeds to Sherlock.
"Excuse me?!" snapped Molly, caught off guard.
On the other hand, not boring, but with a taste for adventure, for danger, because like me, Sherlock's biggest problem was boredom.
"Sherlock" had denied that quite vigorously and actually John didn't believe it himself either, because didn't what was happening to him and his psyche right now show that there was too much loyalty in him rather than too little?
Though you couldn't rule out Mycroft either.
John laughed.
"I may be wrong, but I don't think that's any of your business."
"Nothing, I'm ... okay. Okay, Molly."
"Detective Inspector, I suggest you first have your people arrest Mrs Hudson."
Well, it's been that way for weeks now. Every couple of days, he goes off. I feel like shit about it.
His John.
Over the years, he solved cases that my henchmen had committed on my behalf. My name had never been mentioned before, but it was annoying and it would happen sooner or later.
Sherlock trusted me. The fact that I'd shot the cabbie when I'd known him less than two days. The fact that I was willing to live with him, the self-proclaimed sociopath. The fact that I clearly admired him and loathed Anderson as much as he did (and by God, I really did! That was one of the things I didn't have to fake). All these things seemed to contribute to his trusting me.
To my surprise and also Sherlock's, Mycroft began to explain the case to me.
Yes, it would be a great game!
Well, nothing better could happen to me at the moment.
"Then you haven't... ...are still..."
"Yes, John," Sherlock said. "I missed you more than I had planned."
The flat looked like a battlefield. The explosion that had happened across the street, which at this point was still thought to be an accidental gas leak, had affected it quite badly, as planned.
And when he remained silent I followed up:
He took another step towards Molly.
And he hated himself for his cowardice that kept him from emulating his friend and putting an end to this "life", this existence.
"I was expecting something like this," he whispered in my and Lestrade's direction.
Damn.
He had watched? Just watching?
My sweet little Richard.
Next to it was a note from Mike.
Well, time went on, and John's life went on somehow.
So I pushed him away from me and hissed, "No, I wasn't screwing around. I don't have to fuck wildly around to feel good about myself!"
For a moment no one said anything.
Yes, it was clear now that this voice was imaginary, because Sherlock, who had sometimes not eaten or slept for days in order to, as he said, think better, would not say such a thing.
There was one way I found effective.
I am of the opinion that only if you plan something perfectly and determine even the smallest details in advance, then you are able to react flexibly to changing circumstances and, if necessary, modify these details in such a way that the overall process is not disturbed and the desired end result is still achieved.
Who knows, maybe he would seek some distraction from his unfulfilled longing for John "I'm not gay!" Watson?
Sherlock?
"Sherlock, you don't seriously believe that?"
Sherlock had chosen the poisonous capsule, but Sherlock was, well, unpredictable.
But at least he would do no harm.
But the longer I was with Sherlock the more I saw how quickly he got bored and how much the cases I kept serving him made him happy. The more complicated, the better. For this purpose, I had already let some of my henchmen go over the edge, but so what? After all, my plan was to dissolve my organisation in the long run, so a few collateral damages didn't matter. It was just their turn sooner than the rest.
Everyone around me was stupid. Nobody noticed that anything was wrong.
"So that's how you did it? You gave them all a choice..."
To London, to Sherlock at 221B Baker Street. But my head was thinking "home".
John's heart stopped for a moment, sweat breaking out.
At that moment Sherlock's mobile rang.
To develop a closer acquaintance with Sherlock out of this would not be a real problem for me anymore, I was sure of that.
no, not the only one. There's someone else, and only him. But he doesn't realize that he and I are the same. He knows he's unique in his own way, but he's only almost as intelligent as I am.
He bit his lower lip.
Richard helped me slip into an explosive waistcoat. Exactly like the one my unwilling models had worn before. It was real, because it could not be ruled out that at the end of the night it would end up in the hands of the police, or at least in Sherlock's hands. Therefore it could not be a fake. It did, however, have a minimal miswiring at a crucial point, which acted like a manufacturing defect and ensured that the waistcoat would not easily go off.
Would it actually happen that Sherlock didn't figure it out? Well, that would have been very disappointing.
After all, she had succeeded once before. Of course, it had taken years, but that was no problem. After all, it would be interesting and anything but boring.
"You're an attractive man, neat, charming. So if you get to a point where you want to live out your needs and not, as you put it, fuck around... ...well, I'd be more than happy to be at your service."
I turned back to the almost inedible chicken dish and had to admit for myself that in some ways I had hit something of a low point at the moment.
"Why do you think we're here, Molly?"
Mrs. Hudson giggled.
"Yes, John. I did. This is more important to me, with you."
He smiled and nodded.
"John?" he asked.
John sighed. He longed for Sherlock's voice. Those few words he had thought he heard a few hours ago had seemed so real ... oh damn.
So he looked at Sherlock, and asked:
I sent it to the number of the last victim, because this mobile phone was still in his possession.
"John, I have felt something that after thorough research I can classify as jealousy. I didn't realize before that your actions, or actions I had assumed, could trigger something like that in me. But they did. And I came very close to asking you to stop. But then I thought, you do have your needs, and I had no right to keep them from you. So I just stuck it out. But I hated it. And then I..."
And amazingly, it helped him. It really advanced his research, going over the whole thing with "Sherlock". It made his thoughts more focused, his conclusions more logical, his insights clearer.
A few ideas popped up, were discarded. But at the end of the deliberations, it was clear what would now happen within the next few days.
"Sherlock, are you all right?"
"If you want to ask me if my bottom is still a virgin," he said in a tone as matter-of-fact as he was talking about the stock market or the weather forecast, "then I can confirm that. Yes, it is."
When he reached the door again downstairs, he remembered that it wouldn't be of any use to him like that and picked it up again. The whole situation deeply unsettled him, even though he was still a soldier at heart and had experienced far more dangerous and dramatic situations, God knows. But facing an open enemy on the battlefield was simply different from this worry about the hidden enemy.
"I see."
One could hate Sherlock's parents.
"You were in the war and probably saw many injuries and many violent deaths?"
I knew because it was the one the killer had pulled out of his right jacket pocket and that was the poisonous one.
The trouble was that I, John Watson, was actually John Moriarty, and as such I was inwardly pleased. A wonderfully tricky situation that I would exploit to my advantage.
The evening was nice.
And he took Lestrade's left hand in his and held them both up so I could see the engagement rings.
Molly Moriarty was nervous.
Standing in front of her with a contemptuous smile was John Watson.
Could anything actually get any worse?
He was about to take another sip when several things happened at once.
Yes, and just as I was starting to plan it all, Sherlock Holmes popped into my head.
In the background, the landline phone began to ring. And the doorbell sounded too.
But the heavens had no understanding, I stayed alive, and I thought to myself once again: Oh, fuck it, it makes no difference anymore.
"I say, shouldn't I be the one to decide?"
"John!!!!"
He had discovered that the criminal genius had been very, very close to Sherlock. In the very inner circle of people Sherlock trusted, as far as a sociopath like him could trust. Very close, among the people who knew some of his personal habits; who knew what made him tick; who were so close to him that they could feign a certain affection that Sherlock, inexperienced in human emotions, had accepted as such.
Time to start the day and make serious plans.
Excellent.
So today was the day I was going to enter Sherlock Holmes' life.
Sherlock, on the other hand, stood there rooted to the spot.
He was panting, moaning and wailing in pain, but more so in pleasure, it was clear to feel and hear.
They brought the capsules to their mouths.
She giggled.
I interrupted him.
No. Oh, God. No. It couldn't be that. Not this.
"Yes, Sherlock, it's pretty much..."
My mood darkened.
"Look, Mycroft, if you want to start insulting Sherlock now, you've come to the wrong place.“
I just couldn't resist the fun.
"More than that, Sherlock. You've made me happy."
We enjoyed this peaceful, tender togetherness. Yes, I too can enjoy such things. But usually as the calm before the storm. It was not quite to my taste that the storm had to be cancelled this time. I couldn't harm a hair on the little one's head, that wouldn't help the cause. Well, I would let off steam elsewhere.
It was the case of the herring with the raspberry sauce, but it was uninteresting, Sherlock solved it in no time at all and used a watering can to spread his insults, and I haven't dedicated an entry to it in my blog. Wouldn't have been worth it.
John was shaking all over. Wild hope sprouted in him.
He hated everything and everyone.
But he did not doubt.
I had fallen in love the day we met, I'd already fallen in love with him when I shot the taxi driver. I loved him and almost got crushed when I thought he was dead. I loved him when I started dating Mary. I loved him the moment he stood in front of me and I realised he wasn't dead. I loved him when I broke up with Mary because he was back.
The lady then mumbled something about her neighbour's married gay tenants and smiled knowingly.
Lestrade got up from the sofa, beaming with joy, walked over to Mycroft Holmes, gave him a hug, kissed him on the mouth and said, "Hello, honey, what are you doing here?"
Well, wait, I thought, on our next weekend together, and I was planning to spend another one with him in the foreseeable future, I would give him a good spanking for it. And I was sure that he was already looking forward to it.
"Sure, it won't be easy for me. But the knowledge that you will then, in truth, no longer exist and no crime, no suffering will be expected from you, is worth it to me. My ego will be quite bruised, no doubt, but well, I'll get through it."
I turned to leave.
Down the corridor and up the stairs to the first floor.
He would move on. No matter how hard it was.
While I listened to the sounds of his pleasure and felt his orgasm approaching, I made a decision. Killing him would have just messed up my plans too much and I hate having my plans torpedoed. Of course I could have changed the whole thing at short notice and of course it wouldn't have presented me with too many challenges. But it would have postponed all my plans and I would have had to find someone new ....
Lestrade grinned with satisfaction and then turned to Sherlock.
I even suspected him of having installed a camera at 221B Baker Street. Or at least a bugging device. I had also searched for it thoroughly, but had not found it.
Lestrade was standing next to him and they were discussing.
I looked at him in wonder, as if I didn't get what he meant.
I laughed and he joined in.
How it "stands" between me and Sherlock... the ambiguity of this statement only became clear to me the moment I said it.
John began to tremble.
Moriarty.
"The Taxi Driver" was an assassin who was killing people relatively indiscriminately on my behalf in London at the moment, disguising the whole thing as suicides. In a rather clever way, of course, because the whole thing had been my idea. It was my introductory gift to Sherlock, so to speak, because I knew that sooner or later the police would call him in.
"To Baker Street. The picture shows 221C. The basement."
But I was also incredibly relieved.
It was Sherlock's bathrobe.
It was irreparable, he would have to live with that for the rest of his days. knowing that he had failed as a friend. Well...
Oh, my goodness.
Sherlock learned in this conversation, if you want to call it a conversation, why Carl Powers had to die.
But then I would have him ready to do whatever was expected of him without much questioning.
"You've never been with another...? Did you really not? Oh John ... Neither have I!"
It was a wonderful time.
And now I was onmy way  ... yes, I had actually thought "home".
"Really, John?" a voice sounded in his head. Startled, he looked up. It sounded so much like Sherlock.
Damn.
Well, fine.
He wrenched his eyes open, and said in a trembling voice:
Everything went very well, just too well. It was... boring, because there were no challenges, no thrills.
He nodded.
"Two possibilities," Sherlock said with a calm blaséness that made John grin. Yes, that was Sherlock as he knew him. The way he had been before ...
His billowing coat, his turned-up coat collar that accentuated his cheekbones, and his sparkling gaze ... yes, I admit it, that I liked him and that it was not so easy for me to really keep my hands off him. I would have liked to tie him up, beat him and then fuck him ...
"There's nothing to talk about, you're not doing it. You're not signing me up anywhere."
I roughly cleaned myself with my shirt that I had found on the floor and gently pressed Sherlock onto the sofa.
"John," she tried again. "Sherlock had asked me to help! After all, we all thought at the time that the guy he was meeting with here was Moriarty! Even Sherlock was convinced of that, otherwise he would never have... John, I understand that you're angry with me for not telling you, but... he had asked me, and ..."
"Yes," I said. "If I had Facebook, my relationship status would be 'it's complicated'."
"Yes, Sherlock?"
A moment later we were both naked. He was lying backwards on the soft mattress, his hands tied to the frame of the bed with the belt of his dressing gown and I was, well let's put it this way, riding off into the sunset with him.
Both Mrs Hudson, who had doubted that we needed a second bedroom, and Angelo seemed to take it for granted that I was Sherlock's date. They seemed to believe, or rather know, that he was gay or at least not averse to the male sex. After all, we know that there is much more to human sexuality than black and white.
The air seemed as if it could be cut with knives.
But he missed Sherlock.
"So that's the way it is, Greg," I finished my monologue. "Can you understand that I'm not doing so well with all this right now? Can you imagine how you'd feel if Mycroft came up with a very odd suggestion like that?“
But on the other hand, here she was alone with two men on the roof, each of whose weak point was the other.
"You're having trouble with Sherlock wanting an open relationship, aren't you?"
Well, for a while Moriarty had kept the feet still. After Sherlock Holmes had thrown himself off the roof of that unspeakable hospital and the little actor who was supposed to impersonate Moriarty had shot himself on commission (of course, the little one had not known about this part of the plan, he had believed the pistol contained blanks ...), the whole world had believed that the greatest criminal who had ever existed was dead. And Moriarty had kept a low profile for a while, only allowing actions to take place that were out of the public's and the state's sight.
And for the first time, I, Jim, had the same opinion as I, Dr Watson.
Had it even been a good idea to come here? After all, Sherlock's death had taken a lot out of Molly too. She had loved him, as had John, except that she had confessed it to him. John had never had the courage to do that.
So he decided to postpone thinking about it until later and just enjoy the "here and now", because he liked it much better than "just a few hours ago", and what "tomorrow" would look like was completely unclear to him at the moment.
"Still, John, I think you should..."
Then I kissed his hands.
"She?", I asked, John Watson would not recognise such things.
"I'm fine, John. The man I love has deflowered me. Of course, my backside hurts a bit. Which is no wonder, given that your penis has penetrated my Musculus Sphincter Ani..."
He was indeed an unknown quantity in my game. But that was what made it so exciting, wasn't it? Since I had entered Sherlock's life yesterday morning, I hadn't been bored for a second, and that, after all, was exactly what I wanted.
Harmless assignments, like introducing someone, throwing a letter in a box, placing a certain ad. That sort of thing.
Lestrade likewise grabbed a mobile phone, stepped up to the window and arranged for Mrs Hudson to be arrested and for the press to be present.
He could be so incredibly cute in his awkwardness. The great, clever, arrogant, selfish Sherlock Holmes.
It was time for me to end this.
Maybe ... well, maybe he should see his psychologist again ... not that he really thought it would do him much good.
And who, of course, would have no idea of the exact event of his planned death.
The corpse was Moriarty's latest victim. A leading head from a criminal organisation that had presumed to want to take over some business fields that had belonged to Moriarty's people for so long. Pah, what hubris! No one interfered in Moriarty's business.
John did not seem happy about it, but he nodded.
"What's going to fucking happen again?" said Lestrade.
"Yes," I said, "but, Sherlock, we can take this slowly. I'm not going to pressure you into anything..."
I knew what was going to happen now.
He looked at me.
Thanks to my lover, he already knew about it and, as I saw him, he already knew that Sherlock and I had actually found each other. I had no idea how he always managed to know everything, but he just did.
"If it's not convenient right now, come anyway. SH"
It sounded urgent and I didn't like that at all.
Oh damn.
Then Sherlock rolled his eyes.
I would also roast Molly over a low flame, but ... later. At first I could not use her.
And that's exactly what I wanted to do.
And I kissed him on the nose.
She put on her coldest cat smile.
"I'd love to, I'm starving."
"John?" he spoke softly and questioningly to me.
Even when that would mean that sooner or later he would still lose "Sherlock" too. First thing tomorrow he would call Mycroft and ask him for a good therapist. Or no, better, for a good facility, a sanatorium, where he would be given good treatment that would hopefully help him put it all back together and get on with his life again someday.
He had been clever about the whole thing. From his point of view, he couldn't lose in this situation.
"Sherlock!"
It did not take long before we were both stark naked.
The little one had been instructed to do as he was told. He had been given precise guidelines for what he had to do, with only enough artistic licence to fill the role so that it would be perfect.
And, to put me off my guard, he added:
Well, still loved ...
And in doing so, I ensured that he, and therefore both of us, had a regular income. He could seriously refuse cheques of enormous size!
I grinned to myself as the whole situation amused me royally once again.
I couldn't watch the current TV series that ran in prime time in the evenings because we were so fucking busy. But well, if I have to choose between "How I met your mother" or "How to give Sherlock a blowjob", then I choose the latter. Definitely.
He took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a moment, torn by feelings that were a mixture of fear, hope, panic and hope again....
I shook his hand and then I said with a smile:
"Stay where you are, I'll be right home."
It was a mixture of bewilderment, wonder, love, gratitude and... Yeah, what was it? Anyway, he seemed to be having a great time.
"You're right about that. He really wasn't."
He wrote a blog entry on his website, "The Art of Deduction".
Saw him meet someone. Someone much smaller than himself. Slim, but quietly muscular. Short, sand-colored hair.
My real first name and a common surname.
Well, there was still a lot to do, because even though Sherlock had been dead for some time now, Moriarty's organisation had been unravelling. Piece by piece and at the moment the situation was getting a little uncomfortable. Not critical yet, Moriarty wouldn't let it get that far.
I grinned. Yes, I had. He was obviously sizing me up as he should. So off to the fight I went.
Oh, man. I never make mistakes.
I sighed. I didn't feel good about it.
At some point we were both a mess of honey, fruit juice and crumbs.
"He's not what?" asked John.
And then he spent hour after hour at the Yard every day.
"I'll... I'll make us some tea, shall I?" said John.
„...“
The guys who were supposed to raid a few small shops, petrol stations and the like all over the city at just before midnight and the ones who were supposed to phone in a few bomb threats were also ready. These were diversionary tactics to keep the Yard on their toes so that we could have a bit of peace and quiet in the swimming pool, even if Sherlock should get the idea of calling the cops. Unlikely as that was.
"Of course it would," he said gruffly.
"An interested party."
Now, I don't want to go into the details of the case itself. I will only say that it was a car rental service called Janus Cars, for which the car rental was only a cover. The real business of this company, which was owned by me and of course in such a way that someone would not find out about this fact even if they researched it more closely, was to help people who for some reason had to leave their old lives behind to start a new life in a distant country with a new name, a house, a job and enough money to get started.
And then to get back to his research.
John sighed.
He wanted to know.
It had simply been a great piece of business.
There at the back, a few metres away from him, at the other end of the carriage, stood a slim figure in a long, elegant coat. A Belstaff. The back of a head above it, wrapped in a mop of wild, black curls.
The rooms were cool, damp and dim.
"Sherlock" was out of sight just then. The door to the now empty bedroom was closed. John wondered whether he would find "Sherlock" there in bed if he opened it now ... and he wasn't quite sure he wanted to know.
My mobile phone beeped for text messages.
So it went like this for a few weekends.
Damn.
"Dead about two hours. Stabbed through the heart. He was, it looks like, on his way to work. Working ... well, I'd say in a pet shop or something similar. Married ... but the wife probably didn't do it. My guess, though, is that he wasn't a random victim ..."
And I am a criminal mastermind.
"Oh don't worry, dear," she said. "One of the ways true greatness is shown is by recognising when you've lost a battle. Don't you?"
"Well, it looks like I'm not the only one suffering from boredom."
Sherlock.
But that couldn't be ... !!!
He kissed me softly.
"Tell me John, what do you say we go and get something to eat first?"
"No, in fact, he told me to take a good look at his pointy teeth. If I ever hurt you, a real vampire would actually be the lesser of two evils that could happen to me."
So I played the loyal man.
Oh, he was good and didn't disappoint me. He SAW what he was supposed to see.
Play on?
I pretended to look for an answer.
And off he went on his way out.
"Oh, and John?"
If somebody wanted to get the rich hereditary uncle or any other unpopular person out of the way, I assign the one of my people who seems to me to be the most suitable one.
Well, he didn't really "live". You could put it more like this: . . . he was functioning.
Because unlike me, he has one, even if he denies it, and unlike me, he is able to feel compassion and the like.
She hated that. To find herself in a situation where she had no choice and had to do something she wasn't one hundred percent convinced of.
He turned to the passenger.
Right?
While Lestrade shook his head, I grinned to myself.
"Yes, I have heard of your concern, brother dear. Dr Watson told me about it."
"Have you got any further?"
Something about the whole thing wouldn't let him go. There was something he was supposed to see, but it wouldn't penetrate his consciousness.
"I wonder if you'll be angry with me if I confess that Mrs Hudson also knows about our open relationship?"
He snorted and said, in a tone as if I'd said something unspeakably stupid:
Well, I was curious.
Finally he took my hand and stroked it gently.
"Hello, John," he said as I entered the room. "Sherlock's getting dressed, I've got a case for him."
I wanted Sherlock to take me to his crime scenes and get in touch with his investigation. So it would be convenient for me to act as a doctor, as he would distrust people with a police background.
To hell with Mycroft, otherwise.
Not with Sherlock-I-Must-See-Everything-And-Scientifically-understand-It- And-Plan-To-The-Detail-Holmes.
"Yes, Sherlock," I said.
I grinned inwardly.
"Because they know I will solve it."
"What are you talking about, Sherlock..." chirped Mrs Hudson, who was flitting through our flat with a tea tray.
When we had taken the first sip of coffee and I had barely suppressed a shiver, he addressed me rather uncertainly:
"But..."
"Anytime."
No one was to be seen.
So today was the big day.
I played my part as John and showed indignation and disbelief.
I looked forward to the undeniably ugly wallpaper, the utterly cluttered kitchen and.... Sherlock.
Then there was John Watson.
And now he sat in his living room again and brooded.
"I don't know, John, this is all so new to me... You've got to take me by the hand and teach me these things."
"Actually, I was planning to make breakfast for you, John. But I'm afraid I might have damaged dishes, spoiled food, set off the fire alarm and panicked Mrs Hudson."
It was password protected, but the password was disappointingly easy to crack.
John felt comfortable in "Sherlock's" presence. The daily routine that was settling in was pleasant. When John left the house in the morning, „Sherlock“ stood by the flat door with curls tousled by sleep and saw him off with a smile.
So, Mycroft drove me home.
That's when my mobile signal sounded again.
He realised the mistake with the supernova.
I pushed him to the edge of the tangible...
"Oh John. A second opinion would really come in handy for me. Go on!"
It would have been a million-dollar business.
Sherlock.
Molly cleared her throat.
And yes, they were very sorry, but they had a duty to inform the public, they could not be blamed for that, freedom of the press ...
Then he bent down and carefully put his arms around John. John seemed to feel the embrace. He let himself sink into it, not caring at all that it was only imaginary, and tried to breathe slowly.
It took me a little while to get myself together.
Everything seemed still.
I opened the anorak to reveal the explosive waistcoat.
"Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?"
Well, Sherlock's brother couldn't tell me much new. He gave me the address of "Westie's" fiancée who had last seen him and a few insignificant details.
My haircut, my posture ... he had recognised it as military in character, as requested.
Sherlock didn't respond.
Had he?
Sherlock turned his gaze to John.
Mike responded sheepishly. He didn't feel comfortable in his skin about the whole situation. Thank God Sherlock wasn't paying attention to him right now. He was focused on what he was doing ... and on me.
"How do you feel about violins?"
Behind me I could still hear people shouting, and shortly afterwards the sirens of the police and fire brigade could be heard all around me ... I was still grinning to myself.
Why wasn't the surveillance working in John Watson's Baker Street flat?
He told it to ME, and again I laughed to myself. It was wonderful, so wonderful to imagine that he had not been able to find out who was behind the murder of Carl Powers all these years. He couldn't even prove that it was actually a murder. No one had believed him.
"Sherlock, I should..."
"We just have needs that overlap in some places, but are too different to reconcile in others."
And where was he supposed to go now?
Molly Moriarty turned to look at him.
Sherlock looked at him in amazement. Then he shook his head.
Still. It just bugged her that she had no idea who was behind it all.
"Well, John, anyway, I'm fine. I'm happy. And I thank you."
I gave him what he could take. No more. But I did it with perseverance.
He emptied his glass and set it down on the table.
And, the man who had died on the roof of the hospital, the alleged "Moriarty", had once been involved with her as "Jim from IT". Perhaps he had been with her until the end, acting as "Moriarty" on Molly's behalf.
He chuckled.
Again there was silence.
"The name is a clue," he had the man stammer. "Janus Cars."
An hour later I found myself at Sherlock's side in the Bart's laboratory. There he was examining the shoes to find out their secret.
"Molly, damn it, spill it out!"
Sherlock looked at us.
"I almost laughed my head off," Molly said. At the moment, however, her voice didn't sound like she felt like laughing.
But Mrs Hudson's opinion mattered to him.
John looked once more at the door of Sherlock's ... "Sherlock's" bedroom and went on his way.
A head full of wild black curls.
"Sherlock!?" he shouted frantically into the crowd.
A short time later, the police were there. Inspector Lestrade and his men, also Forensic Anderson, an ambulance with a doctor and paramedics.
So would he recognise that a Janus-faced being, a person with two faces was living in his immediate environment?
Did he hear a tiny tremor in Mycroft's voice as he replied? No, he was probably imagining it.
So some time passed during which I made some preparations, some of them far-reaching. Some threads I had already tied up in the past were brought together and finally I was at the point where I decided that the time had finally come. Sherlock would meet "Moriarty".
"John?"
'I hope I haven't taken on too much. I've stepped into shoes that are too big for me. I'll never be up to this task, I'm afraid I'll disappoint them all.'
"I need some fresh air."
"And if I ever get hold of Greg and Mycroft again, I will rip them both apart. They may have had good experiences in an open relationship, but you and I are very different,"
First of all the design of "John Watson" itself.
I sighed.
I mean, only those two people knew what Moriarty looked like.
"We need to get evidence against her. And to do that we need a little time. We need to try to crack their most secret files and get behind their communication channels there," Mycroft said.
"Shut up and kiss me," I said.
Damn, so she had blabbed.
He nodded his head.
"Mycroft, let's both not pretend I'm calling you out of friendship and that you don't know it. I still dislike you as much as I did last week, but I could use your help."
When I arrived at one o'clock sharp in front of the Red Dragon, Mycroft was already standing there, leaning on his umbrella. It was so typical, I couldn't help smiling.
Whoever had sent that wagon could at best be a pawn.
"My esteemed brother IS the British government. And no, I'm not exaggerating when I say that. Now come on John, we wouldn't want you to collapse from hunger."
He was blushing now too. He, the great Sherlock Holmes. I can't even put into words how much I was enjoying the situation right now.
So I decided to go all out and ask Sherlock directly while chowing down on some pretty crappy fried noodles with chicken (if I'd been here as myself, I would have boiled the chef in his own wok in hot oil).
He actually thought about it in the following days. The calls had already stopped on the same day, and it was also possible to step outside the door again without being besieged by a mob. So Mycroft had kept his promise.
"What ... if I ... if I myself ... without knowing it ... was Moriarty's informer... and delivered my best friend over to be killed?"
"I'm afraid so."
I walked over to him, put his face in my hands, kissed him on the forehead and said:
"Yeah, you heard me right, John and I are busy. Masturbating to each other. Maybe I can convince John to fellatio... Hey, you asked!"
"At first, not as much as I had hoped. Some things happened quite quickly that made it clear that Moriarty had found out I was alive. So I staged my death a second time. I got myself captured in Serbia. Mycroft was there. He got me out, although he was a bit late... some scars I owe to that fact... well, as I said, he got me out as planned and made it known in a credible way that I was dead after all. Moriarty's henchmen would certainly have done a good job too, if my brother hadn't arrived in time .... Anyway.We burnt down my prison to avoid uncertainty and so I had a clear run."
"You know, I'm not very good at this. But I thought if I was going to propose, it would be fair that you get to choose the name."
He nodded, and this time I couldn't place the look in his eyes. They were darker than usual.
Moriarty, this criminal, had not only committed countless crimes, had not only driven Sherlock to his death, no, now he was also beginning to poison John's mind with suspicion.
He began to tremble.
The man had been stabbed. Right through the heart.
"Is that why you showed up here a few weeks ago? Came back to me while I thought I was starting to hallucinate?"
And, I have to admit, I needed a few hours out of the "John Watson" life to be myself again.
They actually discussed, with John talking and Sherlock responding with body language and gestures. The whole thing was productive and John enjoyed the exchange.
"However..." I purred into his ear, "if you wish, I can come back this evening and examine you in more detail. You definitely don't need a heart specialist. I am, of course, the specialist when it comes to your heart."
He looked me in the eye.
When I came home that night, I was pretty tipsy. Because now that Gregory Lestrade had also made advances to me, I desperately needed some more alcohol. So I went to another bar and had a few more glasses of whisky. To tell you the truth, I was more than tipsy.
"Very well," John said, "I have a job to do. And now that you're here ..."
Damn it, he missed him so much!
And the more he looked into it, the more he realised: it all fitted.
I had a lot of plans for Richard, although at first he was only supposed to have one or two rather small appearances.
"For God's sake, Sherlock, get to the point: so what was it that you still haven't told me?"
She was a horrible woman who was something of a television star. Oh my God, I didn't understand and still can't understand how anyone could admire something so superficial and enervating.
"Hello, Dr Watson," he greeted me as I stepped up to the table where he was already sitting.
As she turned the corner of the street, her eyes went up to the roof of the hospital. That was where Sherlock had been standing up there, back when he'd had that showdown with that little actor he'd thought was Moriarty then. He had jumped, but there had been a cushion of air waiting for him below, Mycroft's people involved had done a great job, and she, in her capacity as the amorous pathologist Molly, had made sure that Sherlock looked bleeding and dead when John reached him. She had then made sure that he disappeared and that no one doubted his death.
He sighed. Molly Hooper.
He came up to me and gave me a kiss.
One, two, three, four, five ... Yes. In here, into the fifth office on the side facing the courtyard.
Molly lowered her eyes with tears in them.
Richard gave Sherlock eight hours to solve the case on my instructions.
He didn't touch John, he just looked with wide anxious eyes, and then, as John sat up, rubbed his temples and said, 'Don't worry, I'm fine,' with clear relief in his gaze.
I took the whole thing as an opportunity to let off some steam, have fun and meet nice people. But not once did I go beyond dancing and talking. There would have been no lack of opportunities. I may not be of classic male beauty, I can't keep up with Sherlock. But I do have a certain charm and charisma, I am open and sociable, and that certainly makes some hearts fly to me.
Sherlock paced back and forth, shouting his thoughts into the room. He shouted at Anderson that his face was bothering him. He was insulting me, John Watson.... never mind, John would develop a thick skin about that.
It was all right with me, as I was quite hungry, and so we enjoyed it more or less in silence.
"Mycroft?" she asked. After all, she needed to know what other opponents she was up against.
"I suppose so," I said, and had to smile again.
Yes, he was always handsome, and he always liked to look his best.
"What is it sweetie?"
I was stunned.
Mycroft nodded at me, said goodbye and disappeared from our flat.
"I'm sorry, I have no idea, Mr Stamford."
She could be locked up, yes. But then what? Her ability to manipulate was well known. And if there was nothing left for her, no way to reach out and pull strings, to blackmail, to threaten ... then she would seduce her jailers as Lady de Winter had once done and so escape again in the end.
"Was I wrong about anything?", in the sure expectation that he was of course wrong about nothing at all, I couldn't help but spontaneously change one little thing.
Just then a dark limousine pulled up beside us and Mycroft got out.
Molly, however, was not sure.
I ran up to my room to change. I wanted to get rid of the wet pants. And be alone for a moment.
At least Mycroft didn't insult me into lying to me, that much can be said in his defence.
"Carl Powers? Who's that?"
I kissed him and said:
So an army doctor, returned from a foreign mission, with an injury (I actually have one, and the person who shot me in the shoulder did not live long enough to hear my cry of pain), with a trauma, with an alcoholic brother, with parents who have already passed away, with an old friend in Sherlock's circle.
Had he perhaps only imagined the doorbell ringing? Goodness, he was beginning to fear that he was going completely mad.
So now I moved into 221B Baker Street for good and was able to take my next steps in peace.
The hostage this time had a weak heart and was blind. So just like Sherlock, at least to me.
Since then, everything has changed.
John swallowed.
Yes, I liked that. I just wanted him to believe that Sherlock's brother, about whom I had of course found out as much as I could, was behind it. Nevertheless, Sherlock's brother was still a big unknown in my equation. For what I had found out was not much and what little was very worrying.
No, this was to make me indispensable to Sherlock.
"Then you showed me how beautiful sexual acts can be between you and me. You stayed at home for a while. But I was convinced that this would not be enough for you in the long run and you would start again. And so I decided to find myself someone who could teach me what to do to make a man like you happy."
It was like the minutes before the door to the good room opens at Christmas, where the presents lie ...
"Thank you," John said and ended the call.
He didn't want to see it, he didn't want to believe what his eyes and mind were making so abundantly clear to him.
The footsteps faltered and something fell to the floor.
He didn't mind being Sherlock's sidekick, his lapdog, in the eyes of others until the end of his days, because he knew now that Sherlock saw so much more in him.
I was ready and, with Richard's help, pulled John Watson's anorak over the waistcoat so that it would not be seen at first glance.
It was simply everything in the best of order.
John jumped up and flipped open his laptop.
Well, certainly not. He was not an intelligent mind. He was stupid, like most people who didn't think of themselves as stupid but undoubtedly were. And he would be so easy to fool ...
"He said that?"
If I had wanted to, I could have had one or two pretty women in bed. Or even the one or other good-looking guy.
We sprinted through alleyways, down fire escapes and through dark back alleys.
So he turned to me and he saw ....
It was not going to be easy.
There was a knock. Room service was there and I let him in. He pushed a trolley into our room, which was lavishly covered with goodies. Small but delicious things that just screamed, "Snack me off your lover's body!" And that's exactly what I was going to do.
I thought.
blaaa blaaa blaaa ...
"Yeah, I guess it was at that range. The shooter must have ..."
So there she was, standing on the edge of the roof, looking down. Her hair fluttered in the wind and her face showed nothing but expressionlessness.
On the one hand, there was Greg Lestrade. For he had been very close to Sherlock in terms of all the cases and had also known him very well personally. He was often to be found here in Baker Street. He seemed to feel responsible for Sherlock, because he had picked him up in the gutter and got him to get off drugs, something Mycroft had not managed before, and to lead him to a more or less regular life by giving him the choice: Assist with cases only if Sherlock stayed clean.
I ordered, the food came, we dined aristocratically out of cardboard boxes with cheap wooden chopsticks.
She did not fear death.
Then suddenly he pulled me close and squeezed me really hard. I had not expected such a loving, but at the same time possessive gesture and therefore I was completely surprised.
Oh, boy, Sherlock is just beautiful.
To hell with Mrs Hudson, criminal or not.
"Yes."
Sherlock gave him a sceptical look.
"I've been instructed to introduce you to him, as an old acquaintance of mine, and I don't understand why. And by whom."
"I'm sorry about that," he continued.
He ran a hand over the back of his neck.
The one who had stood in his way.
The first days after Sherlock's death weren't even the worst.
If I had actually been the good John Watson, he would probably have driven me mad within a few weeks.
The thought that this would continue for the next few months sent a shiver down my spine.
Sherlock wanted sex.
"No, Sherlock, you're doing everything right, I'm just so surprised..."
"As much as I hate to admit it, John, I haven't the faintest idea."
Finally, a time when boredom would have no place in my life.
Tears burned in his eyes.
"Did you seriously just dismiss a case?!"
He had done it damn well.
What wasn't so wonderful were the things that were gradually happening in Moriarty's organisation.
The top floor.
So I started to work out my plan.
It seemed that Greg Lestrade's influence was, after all, what made Mycroft Holmes more human.
John was terrified.
Anyway.
Throwing away a human life, no, that wasn't something he was going to be quick to agree with. He was a doctor, for fuck's sake.
"What?!" cried John indignantly.
"So? What does it do?" I asked with a smile.
He was lost in his thoughts and the whole thing had apparently exhausted his mind a lot, anyway he fell asleep in that position.
I could feel my anger building up again.
When they had finished, everyone fell silent.
"Sherlock? Sherlock...!" shouted John as his Sig Sauer fell from his hand and hit the floor with a loud crash.
Well, from his point of view, it was perfectly valid.
Her supposed infatuation with Sherlock had also explained why she had become so close to the two men ...
And that would make it clear that "Moriarty" was behind it all. Had murdered Carl Powers and that awful person on the television. That he'd run the company Janus Cars and orchestrated the wonderful explosives games.
Until finally Mycroft cleared his throat.
"Yeah?"
I got up, took his hand and pulled him behind me.
In my head, a sort of list was forming, "Things that are going badly in Dr Watson's life right now."
Stamford looked after things.
To give Sherlock what he so desperately wanted, despite all the knowledge:
And so John Watson was born.
"Mycroft, Lestrade, half the Yard, half the Secret Service. By now, all the relevant agencies should know."
For three days this went on, and he had the feeling that everything was still upside down in his mind, but that he would still manage somehow.
And I looked at him with absolute disbelief.
His whole body language showed me that he was just waiting to get rid of me, John Watson, at the moment.
This police inspector, Gregory Lestrade... an interesting man.
I kissed him gently and lovingly on the cheek before I answered:
He was, you could say, well read on the subject by now.
John was stunned.
He took the wrong one. The bad one. The poisonous one.
The next day after breakfast I took my mobile and sent a text message to Mycroft Holmes.
I nodded resignedly.
And underneath it, again, big and bold:
"John," he also said, breathlessly, and I felt, damn it, yes, I felt he was aroused as well.
In the beginning, you are in shock. During that time, you don't understand what has really happened. Even if the intellect understands, the soul still does not. You feel as if the deceased is just not here. Would come back. Would be on the other side of the world or in the next room, but in any case still there.
So that was his concern.
Lestrade knew many of Sherlock's habits. More than Mycroft, for example.
I decided to speed things up a bit.
"Oh," he replied, "that's good ... I'm married to my work and I don't have time for ..."
However, after she had calmed down to some extent, she looked at John with wide eyes and said:
That was the end of it.
Only one person had been able to do that before.
He looked at me with a kind of amazement in his eyes.
What the hell was going on?
The smell of chlorine in the warm, humid air made it harder to breathe.
I remained silent.
"Sherlock...“
He slipped into the bathrobe hanging on the hook.
"John, I like you, and I appreciate you, and given your situation... so what I'm saying is, if you ever want to live the open relationship... so anyway, if you'd like to try a little BDSM and experience what it feels like to be a sub... I'd like to try some games with you, after all you're handsome and ..."
Moriarty must have been significantly closer to Sherlock than they had previously assumed.
First of all - my dearest managed to turn MY primary sexual organ into a rock hard something with these highly factual words.
My stomach started rumbling unhealthily. What the hell was Sherlock up to?
We both claimed to have no heart. For me, that was true. Not in the anatomical sense, of course, because I can't change biology either. But in a figurative sense it certainly did. God, what for? What should I care about the feelings of some ant-people?
Deep relief swept through him and he could finally smile.
The showdown could begin.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. He could see something was wrong, but he didn't understand what. OK, how could he?
I put the groceries in their place and went to Sherlock, who was sitting on the sofa in the living room with his hands folded under his chin.
"I know, Sherlock," I said. "What I mean is, if you want, we can snuggle up and see what your heart does. I'm not doing anything you don't want to. I promise."
Moriarty, whose filthy, criminal fingers had set all this in motion.
She wanted to cash in. But I knew that if it came to Sherlock solving the mystery, she would turn tail and reveal what she knew.
Listening to Sherlock deduce was impressive. He was almost as good as I was and he knew how to add a fair amount of drama to the whole thing.
I had turned around and was gone.
"John, what was that? What happened to me?"
"A shot from this distance ... by an experienced shooter ... who is no stranger to violence ... he only fired when I was in imminent danger ... moral principles ..."
Sherlock kept gazing at John.
John was magically drawn to Sherlock's mouth.
He hadn't really spoken to her since Sherlock's leap from the roof of the Bart. Brief encounters. A few friendly words. But no real conversation.
I went wide-eyed and let out an astonished, "Phew."
I am the White King.
Only one thing mattered to him:
Oh yes, he was captivated by the situation. My gift to him was a complete success.
Bites of salmon from his collarbone.
Again John went into the living room and grabbed his laptop. Again he researched the internet on the subject of grief psychology.
"But he does satisfy me. Even without sex."
We made out like teenagers. He was cute, so God knows it wasn't hard for me.
Molly nodded to them both.
That he gave his virginity to I don't know who, and not me.
What on earth was the little doctor hiding not only from him but obviously from everyone else?
There was not a hint of sarcasm in his voice.
Her reputation as the great master criminal would be upheld.
In fact, it was impossible, because both the username and the password had no relation to me, John Watson, or anything in my environment. Both were a random string of characters.
To please me, but also to prove to himself that he, the ingenious Sherlock Holmes, would be able to overcome even these difficulties without any problems.
Eventually, a rather croaky "John?" came from him.
Sherlock quickly found out that the butler who lived in the house with her and her brother was responsible for her death and also closed this case in the time he was given.
He nodded and instructed his driver to go to 221B Baker Street.
Well, this ant would survive. Lucky for her.
"You're an idiot John. You should take care of your health first."
I looked at myself in the mirror once more. Yes, everything seemed perfect. And not for the first time, I thanked the heavens. No, I don't believe in that. So I thanked fate for my so average, absolutely harmless and friendly looking face.
Well, I have to admit, I'm not always easy, either.
We walked down the street together.
So, while Sherlock seemed to be busy with other things, I had gone off and on to solve this puzzle. It was quite simple. I had spoken to the fiancée, to Westie's superiors, to some friends ... and quickly found out what had happened.
Would he now draw the right conclusions?
He interrupted her by banging both hands on the desk and exclaiming loudly:
"So, what have you two clever Holmes brothers come up with, then?“
"Well, it knocks faster and almost stumbles a little, like when you kiss me. John, as a doctor you know your way around: is that normal? Or should I perhaps be examined by a heart specialist?"
John swallowed.
It felt like the moment before sex when a beautiful woman or man, I make no distinction, lolls in a bed in front of me. When he or she is ready to be fucked by me and experience the greatest ecstasy, not knowing that this brief togetherness will end with their death. Oh, how I love this ...
It was the same old story as it always comes up. A young man with debts, a valuable object that is easy to steal, the stolen suspecting something, a heated argument and in the end someone is dead.
They had started asking vicious and mean questions then. Making assumptions. Always under the guise of speculation.
He turned to Lestrade.
I would give him orgasms that would almost drive him crazy and make him addicted to them.
"Well, listen," I said. "If you're going to play Moriarty, you can't do it in clothes from the discount store. That requires style. You'll be sent the appropriate clothes and other equipment in due course."
"Is ... is he like that?" he asked me after some silence. "Does he wear ... Westwood?"
"I know that, John. I know you well enough. But I also know that you've had sex frequently and enjoyed it in the past, with your various girlfriends."
Well, anyway, John was many things but not a coward and so he opened the door to the street, stepped out with gun in hand and looked around.
I sighed again and kissed my darling as hard as I could.
And I have to admit, that actually calmed me down a bit.
He immediately arranged this, of course, and was deeply puzzled that the tracking showed this address.
I hesitated for a moment, then went in and picked up the receiver.
He apologised and it was class the way he played all embarrassed insecurity and excitement.
Here, he didn't know.
I was sitting on the sofa, feeling torn up inside.
Their life together.
"Two choices. You let us arrest you. Without much fuss. Come before a proper court. And you won't have a chance to blackmail anyone, my dear. We've cut off all your connections, believe me."
I looked at him questioningly.
"Yes, yes," John said, " and sweet little Molly let herself be used .... Is that what you're trying to put on me here?"
What a magical moment.
"What the Fuck...?“
By now Sherlock had figured out why the killer was murdering. He was paid for each murder and the money would go to his children when he died. And he was terminally ill... he just didn't realise that it wouldn't be the disease that would kill him.
"John ... are you all right?" she asked with concern in her voice.
What the fuck was going on here? Was Mycroft Holmes himself hitting on me, so to speak?
Oh yeah? Just yesterday he was nearly freaking out from boredom .... I had to bite back a grin. Brotherly love was really something fine after all.
And there were also two cups of steaming tea on the small table in front of him.
But I know them, have mastered them and am able to adapt where it seems beneficial to my intentions.
His tongue was playing with me and his lips were equally eager for my pleasure, so it wasn't long before I came.
All right, so Mycroft.
He looked around.
We held each other for a while and said nothing. Sometimes you just have to enjoy being together.
"But then you lied to me, all this time. Why?"
He looked me in the eye and he saw it.
"Midnight. Swimming pool, Lexington Street. Be there two hours before."
The taxi man went down, Sherlock cried out in fright and both capsules rolled onto the floorboards.
I sat down beside him on the sofa and gave him a noisy kiss on the cheek and mumbled:
He shook his head.
But by the time he did, he had left the scene without me.
"Oh, yes, my friend. Oh, yes.“
Slowly the two men turned towards the staircase.
Mycroft ... No. My God.
As confused as John was now, as upset and deeply hurt, he would certainly not be able to continue his investigation effectively. With a bit of luck, the post-traumatic stress disorder that had had him tightly in its clutches once before would grip him again this time, perhaps even taking him to the brink of despair. To the edge of the shadow, and a step beyond. After all, Watson still had his army weapon, Moriarty knew that, and, well, one could certainly help a little with the last decision ...
I considered my options. Sit on him, push him down with my weight and smother him with the second pillow. Yes, that would probably be the easiest thing to do. Oh, and I so hated getting my own hands dirty.
"Of course he did!"
He could feel in his sleep that Mike was going to stay with him for quite some time.
There was only this one thing: this Van Boer supernova that the old man had painted in the night sky, but which had only appeared in the sky centuries after Vermeer.
John sat in his armchair with a cup of tea in his hands in front of him.
He was as naked as me. I didn't realize when he had taken his clothes off. But I didn't care.
Of course, her first thought had been, "Sherlock!" But that couldn't be. He had died, her people in Serbia had done a great job. No one would oppose her ordering someone's death. No one. She was sure of that ... well, technically.
He pointed to two large paper cups at his side.
It was not about feelings. I don't have feelings for other people. Not for someone special like Sherlock, nor for some ant person. When Sherlock called me his "friend" during the case at the bank, where a gang of smugglers, also working on my behalf, had smeared strange signs over the portrait of an important former bank executive, I found it downright hilarious.
Richard would die.
"But," he said after a while, "I can ask something about you, can't I?"
Molly swallowed.
"John," he moaned, "John, please, I want you to make love to me..."
The whole thing was actually typically sherlock-like.
"You played the part of Molly Hooper well, Moriarty. An excellent play. But your part ends here and now."
And now this "Westie" that had just carried the thing around with him.
He had been who he claimed to be. Moriarty actually existed, and yes, he had committed or had all the crimes being committed.
I sighed in resignation.
Yep, my subconscious had got it exactly right.
John swallowed. So much trust from the lady who had become like a grandmother to him and really meant a lot to him overwhelmed him a little.
"So ...", and John began to talk.
"Sherlock! I need your statement! Where are you going?!"
Whoever Sherlock was deflowered by, it wouldn't be me!
"Good. So I wasn't just dreaming that you told me you loved me?"
I swallowed. I wonder if that was the guy I saw Sherlock leave the club with.
Greg had got us our first beer.
An old friend. That would make sense, too. Maybe not a real good friend, more like an old, casual acquaintance.
I was like, "Come on, life, it's fine the way it is, let's run with it and then get even better, yeah?"
Second after second passed.
"But," I said, "the police don't call in amateurs."
The figure ... John, slowly calming down a little, decided to simply call the vision "Sherlock" despite all inner resistance and outer circumstances, even though he was aware that this did not necessarily make his problem any better. It would certainly be much healthier if he managed to let go. But after all, man is not an automaton, and there is no button with which one can simply switch off unwanted mental problems.
"Well, John, and then he took me back to his place. and his partner, Chris. And they showed me all the... everything."
Again Sherlock blushed.
"Sherlock Holmes?"
He was silent.
And then I stretched and made breakfast.
Sherlock turned bright red again, but he nodded.
I needed a reason to leave, as I still had some small preparations to make.
"By God, yes!" exclaimed I, the adventurous John Watson, running after him as he tumbled down the stairs.
He gave a pained laugh.
Sherlock.
I was the one who suffered most from his moods and insults, since I spent most of my time with him.
"I'm so sorry, John. I had to fake my death then. Moriarty was about to have the people closest to what a sociopath like me could call friends shot. Mrs Hudson. Lestrade. And ... you."
Shortly before, so that he wouldn't have too much time to think, but also not too short, so that he would overcome the shock and get things right.
"You will go out with me, is that clear? Tomorrow night, and don't you dare push dates. Not this time. And then I will hold you accountable, is that clear?"
John called in sick the next day, both to his employer and to the Yard. He felt unable to do anything constructive. The encounter ... or whatever it had been ... last night had taken quite a lot out of him. He sat frozen in his chair for half the day.
Well...
He began to fiddle with the waistband of my trousers.
It was the last case in the series and I wanted to use it to make Sherlock realise that the man who had committed all the murders in the last few days and created the fashionably extravagant explosive vest chique was really and truly Moriarty.
Who she was, what her name was, what was important to her ... pah ... why should I care.
He jumped up, full of vigour and energy.
Six...
Well, not every mourning is "healthy".
My taxi stopped in front of a large building, a technical college. This is where I had sent them.
My goal was Sherlock's death, eventually, but not now.
Well, that's what I did then and let him take me to Baker Street first.
"Good," Lestrade said. "Then I'm going to his office now and I'm going to spank his aristocratic arse!"
"Yeah sure I'm fine, why wouldn't I be?"
Bingo.
So I, John Watson, stormed out of the flat in a rage, slamming the door. In doing so, I almost knocked over Mrs Hudson, who was checking up on me again.
He swallowed, and I could tell he was having a hard time doing it.
"Please, please, help me .... "
At the same time, I gave instructions on how to proceed.
First, I wanted to let Sherlock believe, at least temporarily, that I had accepted the open relationship.
It worked, of course, and it wasn't long before we had the stick in hand, giving the brother two days to turn himself in. Ostensibly to ease his sister's pain. He was a cowardly dog. I was sure he would want to leave the country instead. He wouldn't make it, my people were already on to him and would get him out of the way inconspicuously.
In the end, however, he found it.
Molly tried an icy smile, but she could tell it was crooked. Damn. Now the situation was serious.
And she would have stood by and could not have prevented it, how terrible ...
I felt it with every fibre of my body.
She was someone who knew Sherlock very well, better than his own brother, for she had been close friends with them, and had often been with them ...
When there were visitors, "Sherlock" was not here. Well, that was logical, because then John's psyche was busy with reality and had no time for their "follies." But as soon as he was alone again, "Sherlock" would reappear and sit with him.
"And then, John, when I was 'dead' and kept talking to you quite involuntarily, and then only remembering that you were no longer around me all the time, I realised how much I missed you.
"You know I love you?"
The weapon that had also been used a time or two afterwards. Forbidden, because actually he should not have possessed that weapon any more.
Since Sherlock wasn't moving, I answered it.
As I had instructed him, the taxi driver had taken the woman's suitcase and deposited it in a rubbish tip.
No, that was probably pointless. At least not here and not now.
I nodded, I think I knew that one. Sherlock's insecure, childlike side, which I had got to know by now, would not be seen by many people either.
Because yes, she had made up her mind.
So I took my laptop and opened the hidden access point through which I could access my virtual drive and use the Darknet.
What the hell would await her at St. Barts? Who would be waiting for her there?
I've just always been sensitive about that.
There was only one thing left to do ... Back to Baker Street and figure out what to do next.
And then she had ordered her people to follow his trail and in Serbia they had caught him.
"Mrs. Hudson! Dr Watson is moving in upstairs!"
Moriarty was satisfied.
"You cleaned the kitchen table," I said.
It didn't stay that way, though.
And my life was like, "Nope."
I actually began to feel Baker Street as my home.
"Let it go", I shouted, "I don't really want to know."
I almost trembled with excitement when I thought of it.
We greeted each other and he offered to call him Sherlock.
Good.
Boredom ... it is my greatest enemy and a danger for my immediate surroundings.
My blood began to boil.
"Well, Dr Watson, what can I do for you?"
The only one who was truly, genuinely almost my equal.
Was this the right thing to do?
I activated the bugging function of the last victim's mobile phone. Wonderful. So I could excellently follow what was being said between the great Sherlock Holmes and the evil, evil serial killer via my own mobile phone.
The mobile phone, modern, with expensive features, not befitting a military doctor on a meagre pension, so a gift.
"You're beautiful stark naked," I said as I breathed a kiss on his cheek.
"Of course," John said, dripping with sarcasm. "Who else."
So now a little crying after all.
He turned to Lestrade again.
But well, one's own skin is still the most important, there was no doubt about that at all.
"John, what if Moriarty ... just sacrifices us? I mean, what are we to him. Pawns in his game. What if he blows us all up along with Sherlock?"
After all, I didn't want my Richard to be in danger. After all, he had to be safe and sound and a free man for all that I still had planned for him.
. .  .
John jumped up and ran in the direction where the person had just been standing. But at that moment the train had reached the next platform, stopped and the doors opened. People poured out and in the crowd John lost track.
Molly ... Moriarty must have laughed her head off at him.
Only ... Sherlock didn't recognise the clue.
"Yes, Sherlock, it is."
I looked at him startled.
He was silent for a moment, struggling for words.
He hesitated, so I followed up:
I went back into the other room and fetched my glowing-eyed beau. I untied him and escorted him into the bath.
"Bifrons" is Latin, means "the two-fronted one" and is an epithet of the god Janus.
Followed them for a while, until I had to admit to myself how disgraceful it was.
"Problem?" he asked.
Well, yes. There was one.
"John? Are you home?"
He looked at John. John looked him in the eye and nodded.
"Like ... Like a date ...?"
Sure these things had been mentioned in passing in his studies, but not enough for him to really know about them. So he set about refreshing his knowledge.
"Dear Brother-in-law..."
No, not even that was true. She didn't fear failure per se, she feared others finding out about her failure.
We rushed through the front door and leaned against the wall, breathing heavily, to get some air first.
But first, Moriarty couldn't help but grin broadly once more.
"I have a riddle for you. A present. I want to introduce myself with it."
And then I realised that I just didn't have any choice.
"No," she breathed, "It was all a charade to get a chance to put a stop to Moriarty's network. But they captured and killed him in Serbia a few weeks later. I'm sorry, John. I, uh... I thought you were in on everything ..."
Yes, there was no mistaking it, his manhood was yearning for release as well.
Horrified, we were silent for a moment.
He beamed.
"Mrs Hudson, the game has begun!"
After all, the moment Sherlock had started to develop feelings, for John, but also friendly feelings for Lestrade and that old hen Hudson, she' d been able to get hold of him. Feelings made one manipulable. So she would manipulate John for her own purposes.
"Sherlock...?" I said, asking.
Who else was there? Oh yes, Gregory Lestrade?
And before he could grasp the situation further, his senses faded and he sank to the ground.
And then a problem arose.
The second round of our game could begin.
But one could hate Molly.
Well, I as John Watson made sure that didn't happen.
My observers sent me the message, including photos and other evidence that he had a weakness, of course. To be more precise, a weakness and that was for a colleague. Her name was Donna McStabbins and she was a lecturer in medical law. Mike was in love with her, unhappily in love with her, because Donna was married and had two children.
