He goes back into case mode in the taxi, gets out round the corner to the Adler residence and asks John to punch him in the face.
He disappeared fast through the door and Sherlock knew he would never see his liver again. He would have run after John but his lack of eyebrows made him too self-conscious of his appearance and instead he stayed home to set fire to John’s chair.
He was hurt, yes. But everything else John got wrong. He never thought John was Moriarty, for a split second he didn’t even recognise John in the damn coat, his face so filled with fear he looked like a different person. He went for Sherlock’s eyes and saw disappointment there.
“She has my figure already,” Molly says. “Look at the chubby little fingers. And her thighs! I bet the one-pieces your mum gave us won’t fit,” she says to Josh who has sat down next to her on the bed, arm over her shoulders.
He throws Sherlock off him and over his shoulder. The disgusting piece of meat stays firmly in Sherlock’s grasp as John carries him to the bathroom and dumps him clothes and all in the bathtub. Sherlock sits there, dazed and blinking at the bright lights as John divests him of his clothing, takes a plastic bag and dumps the liver in it. He’d very much like to throw it out of the window and feel sorry for the unfortunate bastard who happens to stumble upon it later. But the bag only finds its way into the bin and John hopes he will remember to take it out later tonight or it’ll stink up the flat.
A sergeant calls for Lestrade from one of the cars, so he only pats John on the shoulder as he walks past him, leaving him to gaze at his miracle in peace.
“I arrived last night,” Jim announces when he returns with a towel round his shoulders, bathrobe open. He walks to his suitcase and rummages around.
It’s true, though. He has been dying for a long time. Ever since he started holding Mycroft’s hand on their walks home from school, tears hidden from the other boys tossing gum in his hair between classes. Mycroft saw his sadness and tried to help, did everything Mummy and Daddy didn’t and in the end he hid his sorrow from him as well, hid behind his monster of a brain, perhaps not as big and full of knowledge as Mycroft’s, but more consuming.
But he can’t help a startled retreat and a silent gasp as he sees the clay model of the enormous footprint Fletcher, the boy running the tourist walks, pulls out from his bag. A little boy at the back of his mind screams for him to run, run and hide. He doesn’t let it show, only pulls out he fifty pounds he lost in the made-up bet with Fletcher’s condescending smile hovering over him like a spotlight. John pockets his winnings, finishes his beer and follows Sherlock to the parking lot.
Molly comes back and Sherlock offers his congratulations and praises the ring, blushes for both of them when Molly rests her hand on his arm.
On the third evening after the explosion, John falls asleep next to Sherlock and opens his eyes a few hours later the second Sherlock opens his and they stare at each other for a heartbeat before Sherlock lunges at him.
Without bothering to investigate the very promising crime scene, Sherlock goes home and starts to write a list.
She never had friends herself, just people she considered worth her time and energy, people with high social status or just enough money to be important. She made sure Mycroft never had any friends either, he was to concentrate on his studies. Sherlock’s friends were a lesser evil, as long as he concentrated on being miserable enough to please her.
“You – want to take the case? After three months of giving me the stern and all in all vulgar answer which in its simplicity goes ‘no’?”
Jim still doesn’t say a word. Sherlock presses his forehead harder against the pane. Finally he glances up to see Jim’s dark eyes looking at him with so much comfort and understanding it makes shivers run down his spine.
He goes to see Mycroft, because Mycroft used to have all the answers, Mycroft used to fix everything. He can fix Sherlock, put him back on track with a snide remark.
“You still don’t say much,” Irene notes, leaning against the bench. “Drugs seem to be treating you well though. You look really good.”
Another staircase, jumping to the street, opposite direction from the taxi (“No, this way, John!”), the adrenaline from the chase pumping in his veins,
The next morning, his head clearer and his back sore from sleeping on the uncomfortable cot in a cell at New Scotland Yard, a grey-haired Detective Inspector by the name of Lestrade comes in to tell him that he has made bail (from the said DI’s pocket) and he is free to go.
Sherlock lay down on the floor for a second and jumped back up. His voice was like a flight attendant’s giving the emergency demonstration before the plane took off.
He stares at the phone on his night stand until dawn. John comes to his door every hour but never says anything. Sherlock can see him standing there, probably leaning his ear against the door to hear anything out of the ordinary.
He remembers yelling. There’s not much he remembers about the actual details of the case, but he remembers the yelling, bellowing, his anger towards John, towards
That night, they stay at Henry’s. John doesn’t take no for an answer, even though anyone can see that this, the night both the dog and the real source of Henry’s nightmares are dead, he will sleep more soundly than he has in a long while.
The realisation makes Sherlock blush as well and he buries his head in the suitcase while John takes a look at the bodies.
Sherlock stroked his fingers through John’s sweaty hair, his thumb coming down to rest over his cheek to block the tears that still kept flowing. John hiccoughed quietly, sniffling like a child, and Sherlock moved both his hands to rest against his cheeks, stroking the hot skin soothingly.
But before this comes the laboratory, locking John in with an imaginary hound and scaring him to death.
He grabs his coat and dashes out to the street. John follows right at his heels, without the cane, and Sherlock smirks to himself before getting hit by the on-coming traffic he has forgotten still exists now that he is in the middle of a chase.
John bins everything in the fridge, then begins to unpack the shopping. There’s milk and yoghurt, beans,
John’s shirt felt wet under his hand. He must be soaked through from sweating and crawling on the ground. He must be freezing.
John doesn't look up, merely turns his attention to Sherlock’s other hand, his touch suddenly even more gentle and caring than before.
So he gives John reasons, harsh words for why he is standing on the ledge, and John gives him hope, and he smiles.
“Because you are warm. Because you take care of me. No one has done that since Mummy and Father and since Mycroft got fat and turned into an intolerable arse.”
Then he remembers himself and snatches his hand away. To his surprise, John reaches for it and entwines his fingers with his.
All the while, the red dot was pointed at his heart. Sherlock didn’t need a mirror to know where the other sniper pointed theirs when John froze and let Moriarty go. Of course it was his head, he doesn’t have a heart after all. Where else would they aim when they wanted to shoot to kill?
But John is still not awake, only buries his face deeper into his arms, revealing even more of his neck as he turns to the left, like he is inviting Sherlock’s fingers to touch.
), all the while calculating the force of the current, the distance of the thawed patch of ice he knows is there (has to be there,
Lestrade visits the next day. John, acknowledging they can’t dodge the formalities much longer, receives him at the door but won’t allow him to come upstairs where Sherlock is showering for the fifth time that morning.
Mr Hartley took off his thick-rimmed glasses and rubbed his eyes. He looked very tired all of a sudden.
He dares a peak, and sees the glimmer of gold on a stumpy ring finger, a hand laying on his chest, and similar finger marks decorating the arm attached to the man sleeping soundly on his side.
His right hand was still hanging in mid-air, curved as if he was holding someone else’s palm in his, squeezing the invisible hand tightly for support.
Sherlock knows other people watch John, too. He thinks it’s only good, there are too many ways to end the pain he clearly is in, too many temptations to resist, so many feelings for just one man. Best to share it.
“What, so he makes it happen like when someone books a holiday? They call him up and he makes sure the thing gets done?”
They run, they jump and skid to a halt as the suspect turns around and empties his gun at them. John gets up faster than Sherlock whose coat is heavy with the dirty water from the gutter. John is five meters ahead of him, chasing the now not so much a suspect but definitely guilty man with his own gun drawn when, out of nowhere, the man running for his life hurls a knife at him. The attack comes so suddenly that John has no time to react. And the aim is good. But luckily thrown in full speed.
Standing in Mycroft’s office, his hands deep in his coat pockets, planning what to do, how to survive, how to make sure John survives.
Locking himself in his room, he wonders at Irene Adler’s phone in his hand and how last time someone died because of him the first thing he did was to admire Moriarty’s stakes in the game, how he now feels the empty hole in his heart, once again for someone he barely knew.
He ran across the yard, grateful for the first time that John had made sure he knew every crook and indentation on the ground. His feet knew where to step and he was able to move without making a sound.
He offers his hand, but when Sherlock keeps on looking at him with distaste and in disbelief, he raises both his hands in mock surrender, wiggles his fingers and says,
But then there were times he didn’t even have to try and just went by instinct. Like the one time they happened to arrive home at the same time, and John saw Sherlock from across the street, taking an old woman by the arm and helping her cross the busy street.
“As you now have suffered through one of my brother’s delightful deductions, Doctor Watson, I believe the Rubicon has been crossed and you can either continue towards the point of no return or turn around and close the door behind yourself.”
He walks to the window where the notes Sherlock hasn’t been able to fit on the wall shine white against the glass. The sun pouring in casts shadows the shape of numbers and letters over his face and for a moment he is haloed by the light and mysticism of the symbols on his skin.
“I wonder if I should come by one day to install some kind of sound system? Oh, the things I might hear.”
“Come on then, love,” the woman said and took the boy’s hand again. Walking along with his mother, the boy kept staring behind himself. Sherlock raised his hand to a small wave and slowly, shyly the boy waved back. His mother saw that he was not paying full attention to the cans of spaghetti and turned to look as well.
Sherlock licks the tops of pots of yoghurt. And not with long sweeps either, but with short tiny sips like a cat. Afterwards he stretches his mouth open and licks his lips several times. Again like a full-grown feline.
It sounds so rehearsed again, so fake. Like when he tried to thank John for staying with him after Irene Adler had drugged him.
“Don’t you dare. I have the upper hand here. This is still rightfully my bed, and I can kick you out whenever I please.”
“We should consider getting married. I hear they give you good whiskey when you do,” Sherlock informs him and he rubs his earlobe.
Sherlock tries to look disinterested, doesn’t even mention that the keys are still on the coffee table from where John left them last night.
“Evidence that the stupidity of the forensics team never ceases to amaze me. The hair most definitely came from Anderson’s head. He is the only one still idiotic enough to parade around without his headgear.”
Mrs Watson fidgets with a tissue the whole time they sit and wait, never looking up. But when the doctor comes to tell them the surgery was successful and that John has been moved to recovery, she sits down next to Sherlock and lays her hand on his.
Somehow, this mutual feeling of being uninvited to this place did not make John feel closer to the man.
John feels like crying himself. He hushes Sherlock, hugs him tighter, kisses him deep and rubs circles on his back.
John kisses her cheek quickly, wishes her good night, promises that the tap dancing will end immediately and rushes after Sherlock.
“I wonder if I could find someone with a passion for Wilde from the Introduction to Victorian Literature tomorrow. A first-year, still unfamiliar with everything important but oddly distracted by the character descriptions of Lord Henry Wotton. You’re not easily distracted, are you?”
Arms covered in fresh linen, John Watson was barely able to see the wave of brown curls bobbing towards him and so confirm that the voice calling after him in the deserted hall indeed belonged to Nurse Ford.
Sherlock wanted to touch his face, to make sure he was there, recompense for the touches he was too scared to give before.
When the bathroom door opens releasing a wave of steam and John, red-faced, clean-shaven and huffing out a satisfied breath of air, Sherlock is securely back at the kitchen table, eyes glued to the microscope. With enormous amount of willpower, he manages not to glance up as John walks past him, brushing against him accidentally as he rubs his hair dry, blinded momentarily by the towel thrown over his head.
Perkins, having previously forgotten his manners or not having cared to show them for Sherlock, now took off his hat, his voice changing to a low drawl.
“John, I need data. Does this warrant a long-term commitment? Our relationship. I have tried to analyse it but it’s futile to deduce without justifiable data.”
The speechlessness and the way John is fisting his hand tell that something did happen, something new and terrible, something he didn’t have to experience even in the war, and Sherlock wants nothing more than to shake the answers out of John.
Sherlock sleeps for three days. John sleeps, eats and keeps watch in the same bed, only straying into the kitchen and to the bathroom. He has sent texts to Mrs Hudson, Molly, Lestrade and Mycroft (though the last one feels redundant since Mycroft probably has seen everything on the CCTV cameras already) and asked them not to come round or call before he does. He knows he has to be the only one there when Sherlock wakes up.
“The heart is usually the last to go, all those emotions brought to surface, love, loss, suffering. Delicious noises beaten out of a husband when you torture his wife and children. Juicy, juicy sobs when you cut their throats. It will be even more interesting with you, Sherlock, since your heart is in a special place. It will be interesting to see if you’ll bleed as well when I stick a screwdriver into John Watson’s pancreas.”
While John had prepared the coffee, Sherlock had stood in front of the small mirror next to the faucet, the thin curtain pulled securely between them to separate the nook from the rest of the room. Sherlock had stared at himself, unable to recognise the pointed jaw and sharp cheekbones at first.
“It is not all about the sex, Sherlock. It’s giving yourself to someone who you hope will stay and will give as much of themselves to you as you are giving of yourself to them. But I wouldn’t assume you understand since you don’t
“Did he offer you the chance to finally be a hero? To prove your worth? To show everyone that a wounded man can do his bit just as well as the next one? Were you put here because…”
He disappeared to the room on their left from where John could hear glasses clinking as they were dried and set on a rack.
Sherlock stares at the gun on his knees and this time it’s Jim who pushes his head down to avoid another bullet.
People walking past them stop to stare, several of them gathering round them to see what the commotion is about. He turns to them and screams,
His gaze on Sherlock, honest and open, is so relaxing that Sherlock smiles as well, finally stops to look at John, really look and think how this man, this soldier, suddenly looks so healed. He hasn’t even noticed the cane is gone yet, but it’s as if by forgetting the thing in the restaurant, he also forgot everything it represented as well. Pain, nightmares, self-discipline.
John turns his head slightly to ask if Sherlock wants to spend Christmas there. Sherlock nods against his shoulder.
It’s not the leg, because he hasn’t noticed it yet. He’s stopped because he’s afraid of heights. He has stopped to calculate the distance between this roof and the next and how far away he is from the safety of the solid ground.
Instead, John leans in, slowly to give Sherlock time to assess the situation, and once he knows he has his permission, places his lips on Sherlock’s.
“Librarian, divorced twice, a cat (how original), already used this outfit on her date last night, with a
He punches Sherlock in the stomach and he falls back on the carpet, couching. Patting his hands like they are dirty, flicking lint from his suit, Jim turns around and walks leisurely to the door. There he turns again and says brightly,
“Has it occurred to you that the bomber is playing a game with you? This has all been for you, starting with the shoes.”
“She is seeing someone,” Sherlock informs off-handedly when Molly steps out of the room just when John walks in with two mugs in hand.
He turned to look at the cottage. The lamp on the table was lit, but despite the cold weather no smoke rose from the chimney.
Sherlock wakes with a strange feeling that he has grown several extra limbs during the night. Pair of legs have wrapped themselves around his, and he feels like he is being smothered by an octopus. The ache and the smugness flaming in his stomach remind him of something from the past, something intimate, wonderful.
They never exchange any emails, letters or other paperwork that could be traced back to them, but Sherlock writes each of their encounters into a notebook he keeps separate from the other one he uses to write down details and clues from the cases.
They have lived together for three months and already there is such easiness on John’s part. Sherlock has to remind himself that John is used to living in army quarters where there is no space for modesty. He has to keep it realistic, has to remember that John is overprotective of his privacy in general.
Extreme jealousy hits him a mere second after he has pressed send. He looks at the picture of her, taken from behind one of the ridiculous large barrels that used to store wine or beer but now serve as a place for the patrons to lower their glasses on while chatting each other up in the dim candle light.
Despite the weather having been less than tolerable for the past weeks, John had gone out and disappeared into the forest every day while Sherlock stayed inside, waiting for the sun to come out. That morning the weather had finally turned, and after John had been out of sight, Sherlock had thrown his equipment aside and sat down on a tree stump near the door.
John was granted a short leave, and he returned to London in time to say goodbye to his mother and bury her in a family plot in an inconspicuous part of a cemetery near their home.
Of course John is not there. 221B has been rented out, although to people who Mycroft hired to keep Mrs Hudson from giving the flat to outsiders and who will move out the moment Mycroft gives the word. John is not there, he is not waiting for Sherlock to return.
Sherlock startles at the offered t-shirt and crouches away from the pyjama pants. He falls on the bed, his limbs like rubber, movements soft and slow like he is made of toffee. John tries to pry the beddings loose under him and gets a handful of duvet.
“Everyone, and I mean everyone, will be after my arse if it comes out that this happened on the job,” Jim says.
take it out and polish it, along with the identical one in Sherlock’s finger. He had said that for one’s 40
He rises slowly, goes to the bedroom, takes a shoebox out from the closet and stares at the gun in it. John has taken good care of it, cleaned it often and oiled it regularly. The bullets are in a small cardboard box right next to it. Just in case.
But the look of disgust on John’s face as they exit the office space actually makes him trip on his feet.
Sherlock would like to say that he doesn’t but her eyes are so close, so captivating that he stares into them and stays quiet.
She has broken into their flat at some point to leave it there and he has not noticed. What has he been so distracted with? The smells of Christmas covering her smell, the dim lights of the tree making everything darker.
Eyes cold and stormy, he lifts his head to stare John down, but is suddenly completely dumbfounded at the sight of him. He is still smiling softly, actually waiting for an answer. Not mocking, never mocking.
Rachel, Jennifer Wilson’s only daughter, is dead, has been for 14 years, was never actually alive, born dead, and Sherlock can’t understand that anyone would go through such a painful experience as scratching the name of someone dead for over a decade on the floorboards with their fingernails.
In the safety of his flat, he slipped out of his dinner clothes, his skin burning so hot he soon stood completely naked in the middle of the cold room. Catching a sight of himself in the mirror, he stopped to inspect his nudity. In his opinion, he was nothing if not skinny, angular, and weirdly shaped. His face was large with a long jaw and sharply cut cheekbones. He hid his face behind his hands and peeked at his body from the slits of his fingers, inspecting one body part at a time, but could not see any improvement. Same imperfections that had made him queer and despised in the eyes of his peers in school were still there. Looking at them individually did nothing to help but merely emphasised each sharp angle more. Frustrated, he turned his back to the mirror and slipped into bed, his skin still so warm he did not bother with any clothing.
“Could you stop repeating my name,” Sherlock snarls. “Saying it again and again won’t make me like you.”
Sherlock stops insulting the gravel with his heel. Slowly, questioningly, he offers Victor his hand. Victor takes it and squeezes it firmly. His hand is much smaller than Sherlock’s, but still it seems to envelope every bit of it in its warmth. The hand is dry and soft and there is a whiff of almond.
He starts to babble to Lestrade, walks away, eyes glued to John, tosses the shock blanket into the nearest police car. John greets him with a soft smile and an even softer chuckle.
But he could have this, a happy ending. He has already had to live through the sad one, make John live through it as well. They have suffered enough.
In the kitchen, the music was still flowing quietly from the wireless, a woman’s voice was humming along with the song. The hallway was dark and the only light came from under the closed kitchen door. A shadow moved over the spot of light, heels clicked against the floor, the music was turned up when a new song began.
In the dimness of his bedroom, lips red and eyes bright, Sherlock looks up at him for admission only once and John gives it to him without a second thought.
He giggled when he remembered how every week after dinner his father and Harriet had sat down in the sitting room to listen to the game, jumping up and embracing each other with tears in their eyes every time their team had made a goal.
This was John’s forest, John who was somewhere in the dark, now lost to him. He was the one who knew it, had tried to tell him about it, tried to get him to come with him, almost dragging him along to agree on best line of defence if worse came to worst.
is an entirely wrong expression when they both know why Mycroft has let the most insane man on the planet walk free from the torture cell he locked him in two weeks earlier.
John snorted his coffee through his nose, laughing into his palm. Despite himself, Sherlock smiled as well.
“I have explained some things to my brother before your arrival, Doctor,” Mr Holmes said, somehow apologetic. “This attack, this very
They walk into the warehouse, the doors closing behind them with a loud clang. Several armed men are standing at ease around a magnificent car, its front door hanging open and a large dent on the bonnet.
He hissed at the nurse who was trying to approach John’s bedside carefully, quite impeccably imitating a black viper trying to scare off a possible threat.
He returns with his spine stiff as a rod and keeps glancing out of the window. Sherlock is quite certain who and what he is looking for from the road. But it’s not important. Mycroft never is, except when he is useful. Sherlock pushes him to the furthest corner in his mind palace, the one specially reserved for his big brother, and stands up to pick up the pink suitcase.
John sits on the toilet lid and yawns so that his jaw cracks. There’s a patch of mould in the corner next to the bathtub. He should talk to Harry about that.
But it does start. Someone calls Moriarty just as Sherlock is ready to shoot the vest and die together with John on their own terms. Someone calls and Moriarty allows them to leave with an apology and a pondering “Wrong day to die.”
It’s time to end this. Move on, dazzle both members of his fan club with deductions, distract Irene Adler’s perhaps-still-more-than-ordinary mind, catch her off guard with the fire alarm and open her secret safe.
They both look at it at the same time, then back to each other before they both scrabble to grab it. Sherlock beats John to it, snatches up the phone and reads the text.
“What do you know about these?” he asks a second after and pushes a photo of a thing that looks like a mixture of an IED and something a child could have built in their cellar at his face.
Once again when Molly returns, face red from wiping the tears and glowing from the happiness and newly discovered motherhood, Sherlock gives her one of his awkward hugs. Once again Molly has something to ask from him.
Lestrade watches John. At first, he does not invite him to crime scenes because he is afraid it might bring back memories and make John break down in front of all the people that still believe Sherlock was a fraud. Then Lestrade decides it does no one any good to treat John like a fragile flower and arranges with the chief for John to come to the crime scenes legally to give his medical opinion and takes him to a pub afterwards.
“Terrified. Mortified. Petrified. Stupefied by you,” he mocks, sitting down opposite Victor and picking his phone from his pocket. “Better text John that I’ll be late or I’m in big trouble.”
“Also, you left my flip-flops under the sofa at the Palace,” John notes pulling on his coat as Sherlock rushes through the door, sound of laughter dancing after him like pearls on a string.
The alligator split open like a pillow, and John and Sherlock were left standing over pieces of crocodile, stuffing and the shiny pearl necklace which Sherlock was on his way of taking to the Met when he ran into a constable, dropped the parcel with the pearls in it and was then arrested by the over-eager constable who - like everyone else in the force - recognised the pearls the moment he saw them.
“I’m breaking the law by coming here, Murray. You can’t ask me anything about it, but I can’t leave without you knowing I have gone. I don’t think it will matter much longer anyway, because quite soon you’ll be visited by a man named Holmes who will ask you to take up an assignment of your own. If you say yes, I'll at least sleep my nights easier knowing you will make sure I come back home alive. So when he comes to see you, hear him out and remember that there is no threat to Alicia. She will be safe, no matter what you decide to do.”
There are a lot of bills, and such a small amount of money in John’s bank account. So by all logic he has to get a job. Which is incredibly dull.
At the moment, he hates Irene Adler. He hates the man standing in front of him, pointing the gun at his sternum. He hates the man pushing the gun against John’s neck. He hates Mycroft. He hates the secretary who came to get him to the Palace. He hates the Queen. He hates everyone who had anything to do with John ending up on his knees on this woman’s cream carpet and sounding like he is going to have a panic attack from all the memories that must be flooding back.
There was nothing to look for. Everything but the journal was out in the open, everything John owned either rested on the table or was in a pile next to his bed. He had not hung photos on the walls, nor did he have any in his wallet. During the two days they had spent together, he had not told a single funny anecdote about a family member or his comrades in the army.
At the morgue, Molly’s gloved hands open the body bags one after the other to reveal the Chinese tattoos on the heels of the two dead men, and Sherlock smirks despite himself. He goes to collect John, stopping at the door when he sees the paleness of his face, hands clenched round the cup still full of now cold tea. He is staring blankly in front of himself, lost in memories no doubt, and startles into the present when Sherlock appears by his side, tells him they’re going home.
Sherlock doesn’t apologise and John doesn’t expect him to. Instead he flies to Belarus to see a man about a case and to give John some space.
John had warned him not to get too close to the edge. The rocks were dangerous themselves, but the sea in December was no laughing matter, especially when the only way to get out was to go round the bigger rock formation and over the smaller rocks. It was a fifteen-minute climb.
“A few,” Sherlock replies and pulls a short strand of hair from where it has been stuck to the lock on the box. Squinting at it for a moment, he snarls and tosses it over his shoulder.
He turns to his bag to look for his wallet and takes his reading glasses from where they have been hanging on his shirt collar. He peers at the receipt on the plate, munching slowly on the complimentary biscuit.
He keeps yelling and insulting John even when Lestrade arrives and phones for an ambulance. The paramedics carry John away on a stretcher and Sherlock follows close by, continuing to hurl insults at him. When the paramedics slam the doors of the ambulance closed in front of his nose, he explodes. He bangs at the doors, kicks the tyres and starts throwing small rocks at the retreating car as it drives away. Lestrade takes a hold of his hand and threatens him with an arrest. Sherlock snarls at him, throws the rock at Anderson, who is bent over the fresh, still slightly smouldering corpse Perkins has left behind on the ground, and hits him at the back of the head.
The case finished, he goes directly to the fridge and if there is any rice left over he will eat it from the pot. Cold. With his fingers. As was the case with the yoghurt, John goes through stages of emotions and settles with endearment this time. He is only glad to see Sherlock eat.
The frustration of his mistake makes him snarky but he is too out of breath to say anything derisive to John and instead just tells him the truth of pickpocketing Detective Inspector Lestrade when he is being annoying.
John holds up two fingers in a rude gesture without turning and gets up on the countertop. He grabs the nuts just in time to lose his balance and fall down on the floor on his back, accompanied by an undignified
Sherlock leans against the glass and crosses his arms over his chest, curls up into a ball like an insecure child.
It seemed such a miracle. Those fingers on the oak wood panels of the house he had grown up in, marking the spots he had touched with his own, searching the ghost of his touch.
“Thank you, but no thank you. I am not getting intimate with Frosty the Snowman,” John answers, finding the right page and throwing his bookmark on the bump that is Sherlock’s head.
Snatching his phone from the night stand, he flicks open her most recent text, sent from a pre-paid phone (he is sure Mycroft does not know about this one or he would not have allowed her to have it) a week earlier,
Sherlock visits him every day, tells him about his day and his experiments at home. They read comic books and play cards, and when the visiting hours are over he leaves with a wave and a wink. In the dead of night, he climbs down from his window and sneaks back into John’s room. The nurse finds them in the morning, Sherlock curled up next to John on the bed, his left arm thrown over his chest, the other on the pillow above his head. John is on his back, the only way he can lie down with the cast, his hands lodged against his rib cage. The nurse leaves quietly and goes to phone Sherlock’s parents who have just woken up to find their son’s bed empty with a note attached to the pillow.
“’Happy’? ‘Happy’? I am forced to endure a whole evening with people I hate, have to tolerate seven screaming children, am drowned in wine and not in a way I’d have preferred, and I’m supposed to be ‘happy’?”
The same happens every time John exits the shower, but for a completely different reason. Sherlock has named it Lust, never having felt it, never having spared any thought to it, he now experiences the symptoms on a regular basis. Every morning at 8:45 John emerges from the bathroom in a cloud of steam, dries his hair on a towel and makes Sherlock’s blood sing in his veins.
“Hopefully not!” John says to the First Folio. “I just have a blog I write stuff into. I’ve had good feedback, but to publish something? No.”
“I would have thought it was because you look like you like Poe. All moody and pale and lots of wild hair.”
“Feel this?” he asks, and it’s like a gigantic electric impulse of life goes through Sherlock’s fingertips.
After fifteen minutes, he looked up from the papers, meeting the calming blue eyes of Doctor Albertson and the incredibly deep green ones of the man who was offering him a chance to either get himself killed for his country or let him show that he was still capable of protecting it outside the medical ward.
He gets up and goes to turn on the telly. Connie Prince’s toothy smile fills the screen and her voice bursts out from the speakers.
, back to the bedroom and closes the door behind her. For a moment, she stays there, leaning against the door, staring ponderingly at her naked toes.
Back at Baker Street, John disappears into the bathroom and Sherlock hears water running. He has timed John’s average showering speed before and this time it takes three times the 12 minutes it usually does.
John stops at the door, fingers squeezing the handle so that his knuckles go white and bloodless before he jerks the door open and walks directly into Lestrade.
Every time Lestrade indicates he needs a medical opinion, the little comment at the end telling him that John would enjoy this one as a medical man.
It looks like the landscape is reflected on John’s face, in his eyes, and Sherlock thinks his never seen anything more beautiful.
So he sinks lower than usual: he insults Mrs Hudson and she runs away, banging her door shut so that the mirror in the hall shakes.
A joke to lighten the mood. And it helps. John finally looks him in the eye. For a moment, Sherlock wonders if he will be reduced to saying ‘please’, but then John sighs and takes up the offered shoe.
On a morning, Mycroft phones with a case. In order to avoid his brother, Sherlock decides it is best to run out of the flat as fast as possible and hide at the Yard until Mycroft gets the message.
“My crotch is not your personal heater,” John crumbles and takes his book from the bedside table. Anything to distract himself from Sherlock’s icy fingers that are exploring his waist. “You are welcome to use my bed if it makes you feel better, but keep your frosty body parts away from my private bits.”
“Don’t know where I could get shoes that don’t kill me on those 12-hour-shifts. Thought these stumps would have the strength to carry my body around after been trained on high-quality Italian leather for so long.”
Sherlock appears by John’s shoulder, takes the cup of tea from his hands and takes a sip, then grimaces at the sweetness.
He stood still staring at the light on the table until everything was dark, and he could see John pick up the lamp, go to the door and open it to call him in.
“They all care so much,” Sherlock says, almost disgustedly. “Do you ever wonder if there is something wrong with us?”
“He wasn’t killed here,” he says out loud. “He was covered with the same fabric his coat is made of, but he was killed on a black shag carpet. There are fibres from it on his shoes. The killer knew he was going to wear the coat. It’s likely the only one in his closet big enough to cover the choice of outfit,” he opens the coat to reveal a crimson corset and lace panties poking out from under the man’s jeans. “So he knew the killer, went to meet them expecting a good time and met his end by the force of a blunt instrument to the head. Probably a golf club belonging to him that his fiancée took with her when she decided to murder the man who had been cheating on her with other men and decided the best way to end him was to hit him in the face with it and then give him a few good punches with his ring she then slipped back to his finger once he was dead. You can see the pattern of the ring around the bruise on his cheek.”
He grabs Sherlock’s hair painfully, so tightly it feels like it will come off in his fist. The pain inside his head intensifies.
An uneducated, short-tempered man claiming the stabbing of his girlfriend to have been an accident but still describes it with fiery passion. Sherlock can see he enjoyed killing her, punishing her with the knife several times more than necessary, only because he got off on every new hit, every new squirt of blood. He doesn’t know whether to be more disgusted by the man’s lack of imagination when it comes to committing murder with a phallus symbol or his atrocious grammar.
Then comes the day Sherlock has been expecting since the beginning. His phone rings and John’s voice, suddenly so far away, tells him that the jury has declared Moriarty not guilty.
I. Did a thesis. And am now a Master of Arts. But since last September my brain has been focused only on translating gendered pronouns and other such things which, while very interesting, have taken me away from other writing. And after graduation the stress of job-hunting and money and such shit have occupied my head. Let us hope that now that I am free from my thesis (though still don't have a job or money and am very stressed out about that) writing the next chapter won't take me almost a year.
Mycroft’s voice in his head, Sherlock draped the blankets over John, listening to the quiet steady breathing that made the rough quilt rise and fall slowly. Shivering with cold, climbing under the blankets himself, he concentrated on the air rushing into John’s lungs and the soft snores he made, deep in sleep.
He doesn’t look up, not when his phone goes off, when John informs him offhandedly about it, when it goes off again, nor when John comes to stand next to him, the phone in his extended hand. Only John’s breathless (
John hesitates. He is not sure if this is allowed in the great code of secrecy of birthday presents.
Mycroft takes in his appearance, sees that he hasn’tslept properly but has woken up and spent the rest of the night writing something (
Victor does seem happy. He is laughing with a colleague when he stops at the café door and his smile only widens when he sees Sherlock sitting at his table. He walks over, nodding at the familiar girl cleaning one of the tables, mouths his order to her, bangs his books on the table and slumps in the chair opposite Sherlock’s sighing happily.
“It’s pointless, what we know about space,” he says quietly in John’s ear. “Deleted it all before it had time to cram my memory drive. But it helps me sometimes, finding patterns where there’s seemingly none to find.”
“Mr Holmes!” hissed the nurse all the way down the hall and to John’s bedside. Sherlock decided against asking her whether she was imitating a cobra or a common garter snake, being too busy kissing each of John’s fingers in his crushed hand.
Sherlock can see why she does not believe that about John. John with his idiotic choices of clothing, softly spoken words and small stature is the perfect image of
Once or twice John gets enough of Sherlock’s cuddling, but no matter how stern he tries to be, he is never actually angry or would want Sherlock to stop. It is only very inconvenient when several feet of consulting detective suddenly jump into John’s lap, just when he is about to dive into his morning cup of tea.
“I want to know how they got there!” he bellowed. “Did they use a rowing boat or should we start interrogating Edward Temme for giving swimming lessons to the Germans? And I want the official statement to be that they were killed in Cornwall. I want them nowhere near Raven and Raptor! And send someone to take care of the bodies!”
He stretched luxuriously, his long legs poking out under the duvet, stood up and, without bothering with his own shoes or socks, walked to the curtain that hid the washstand and pulled it aside.
By the time they reach Baker Street, Sherlock has sneezed 57 times in rapid succession and bitten his tongue twice in the attempt of retelling John everything about the case while his teeth have continued to clack together with the cold. He has pulled his socks and shoes back on his icy feet and so he is not sloshing up the stairs to their flat but only clicking away harder than usual.
The room fell silent around him. Both brothers stared at him, the younger one looking delighted once again while the elder began to look more and more like he was sure his mission was going to fail and thinking whether it would be too late to find anyone else for the task.
“God with two faces. Why would you be giving me a clue?” Sherlock asks when the pink phone rings in the silence of Bart’s lab.
John tries to blink sleep out of his eyes and free his arms from where they are lodged under Sherlock, who does not move an inch to help him, but leans in when John places his hand on his forehead.
The moment passes and Mycroft slumps, nods slightly and rises from the table. He moves to the window, hands together behind his back. Doctor Mortimer, surprised herself at John’s outburst, is still looking at him for support. When he turns towards them, his eyes are hooded.
“I thought that because you think God invented all the words I could start off the book and write ‘delusional’ there, but I thought that might be… rude.”
“Stop it,” he says to whoever is watching them, whoever is pointing that red laser against John’s chest.
“Occasionally, yes, when I remember, when my landlady insists,” Sherlock mumbles, pretending to look for something, anything, among the chaos on his table, so he doesn’t have to see John’s face.
The first news from the outside world was a short message from Mycroft the day after they had arrived, informing them of the success of Operation Chariot in St Nazaire. Sherlock handed John the message without a word, immediately going back to his work. In the weeks that followed, John grew accustomed to the off-handed and almost disinterested way Sherlock took the news of any military developments. He was only interested in his machines, his radio and the large Typex which alone almost covered the small table from one end to the other.
It’s not life-threatening, so Sherlock takes him home, helps him up two flights of stairs and into his bed where John proceeds to snore off his illness. When he is done and they are back to business, Sherlock realises he hasn’t thought about Irene Adler or the phone in five days.
“The way I see it,” she says, “John is the only thing you still consider real. I would recommend you hold on to that.”
Behind him, leaning against the wall of the hut, staring out to the sea, Victor began to hum quietly under his breath. His eyes were bright and distant, like two moons.
They had been at it since breakfast, only John’s pen scratching on paper occasionally breaking the silence. When a nurse entered with lunch, they both startled at the sudden intrusion.
John stood frozen in the doorway, turned on his heels and went back outside. From the open doorway Sherlock could see him wandering around aimlessly, stop by the pile of firewood he had been chopping earlier that morning. He stared at the pieces of wood, the axe on the chopping block, took it up and marched straight into the woods.
He knows he is begging for nothing. John will be traumatized. He will leave. There is no way in hell he will stay now that Sherlock has failed him this badly.
He steps back slightly to give John space but when John turns round, face full of wonder and smiling like a child at Christmas, he envelopes John in his arms.
Sherlock patted his pocket. The boy stuffed his gift hurriedly in the pocket of his jeans, closing his mouth so fast his jaw made a loud
John looks up at him, eyes shiny. Sherlock wonders if nostalgia is infectious, because he also feels tears tickle at the corners of his eyes.
Sherlock imagines all the things John would say or do if he was suddenly pushed against the sink or dragged to the living room and pinned against the wallpaper with the print of the skull grinning on his left and the smiley face on his right.
He is breathless from running, and the way he says it makes it sound like a general statement, applied to every aspect of his life instead of just this one where he needs John to come with him to catch a murderer.
But John lays a hand gently on his shoulder and stops him. Well, tries to, since he can’t do anything with his other hand, so Sherlock’s right side keeps pushing against his left, trying out for a more lopsided kiss.
Quite a lot happens on November 8th, the year Sherlock is sixteen. First Mycroft stumbles down the stairs on his way to the kitchen, crashing an antique vase on the windowsill. Next he spills his morning coffee on the front of his shirt and bangs his toe against the table leg when he jumps up. Then both Sherlock and his father almost crack their heads open on the slippery driveway on their way to the car. Sherlock’s mother follows carefully behind them, ranting about bad luck and omens and how she is sure the whole day is cursed and next someone will most certainly die. Sherlock of all people does not believe in luck or omens of any kind, but even he might just agree with his mother when he returns home only to hear that John has broken his leg on the football field.
Mycroft turns, stares at his brother. He is silent for a few seconds as he takes in his appearance once more. Sherlock can see the light when it finally blinks on above his head, the only confirmation of his own feelings that he needs, and he is ready to throw up with the emotions dwelling over.
Sherlock jumps up. In the doorway stands a man, a boy more like, swaying slightly, big grin on his face, clothes in a horrible disarray and his tie tossed over his shoulder.
“Better invite me in then,” Mr Trevor replied challengingly, his feet dangling precariously over both sides of the branch. He leaned his elbows against the windowpane and smiled.
“I swear to Christ, Sherlock!” he bellows. “I will kill that son of a bitch if you don’t get up from your arse right this second and ---“
John pulls the towel away quickly and Sherlock grows calm instantly, staring at his feet, arms hanging loose by his sides. Slowly, John begins to dab the water droplets off Sherlock’s skin with the edge of the towel. This Sherlock seems to approve for he leans into the touch and rests his hands heavily on John’s shoulders and lets himself be led out of the steaming bathroom.
He still had the Enfield strapped against his hip. Sherlock thought about how quick John was to draw, tried to calculate whether he would be able to lunge for the rifle and fire before John had time to react.
It’s always been his time of change, cleaning out his mind palace and organising his paperwork, tossing out unnecessary experiments, notes and samples.
Best to show him as soon as possible what he has signed up for. There’s a taxi stopping in front of the house across the street and the passenger is looking outside like he is expecting someone.
He comes home to an empty flat, the note he nailed to the kitchen wall still in place, no sign of John. He changes into his pyjamas and lounges round the flat, his brain gnawing at him to go out, to do
“You would have stayed and lived there if the librarians hadn’t found you hiding in the fiction section. Really impressed them with your knowledge of French curse words.”
“I’m glad you don’t sound like a broken microwave anymore. And if you ever want to function as a consulting detective again, you need to eat.”
When the stitches are done and the bandage is in place, he slinks to the bedroom, presses his face into John’s pillow and waits.
When Sherlock woke up, his eyes bleary and his hair tousled, the water in the kettle was already cold.
Now he is free to look when John doesn’t see. Irene was right, he has known where to look the entire time, just not if he is allowed. Molly said the same, he always looked sad when John didn’t see. Because he wasn’t allowed to show his emotions, not allowed to look at John the way friends never look at each other.
“Sherlock, I don’t know what you have been getting into this time” (he doesn’t say ‘taken’, dares not to even think of the word) “but I suggest you go home and have a good night’s sleep.”
“Lestrade is getting impatient,” John sneaks a peek at the Detective Inspector who is clearly still over the moon for what is happening between the two of them, but would still like Sherlock to “detach himself from John and get his arse over here to look at the not-so-attractive but oh-so-important stiff so we can all go home!”
“And I see that you believe you still have a rendez-vouz with Anderson by the punch bowl. I wouldn’t hold my breath. He is behind the large ficus in the hall, snogging that clerk trainee with blonde hair and huge breasts.”
There are people who call him crazy. They think differently about those words than he does. For him, they are a salvation, a benediction,
It was actually quite beautiful outside. At this time of the day, the sun shone through the leaves, painting everything in gold. Finches flew singing over their heads and settled on a nearby rowan tree to groom their feathers. A crow sat on the top branch, staring at them with its beady eyes. When Sherlock looked up, it let out a raspy caw.
He exclaimed happily at the sight of a jar full of glue-like substance. Sherlock wondered how he could get away with having to eat it
She patted away again. Sherlock watched her walk away, almost yelling after her that him being himself was probably the worst thing anyone could hope to see the first time they woke up from a surgery they had had to endure after going through the experience of getting shot by a paranoid-schizophrenic murderer.
He thinks about the cruel, friendless woman he swore he would never be like, looks at John’s retreating back, a lump rising in his throat, and says the only other true thing he can think of at the moment.
Ten minutes later, he is sitting on Irene Adler’s expensive sofa in her luxurious sitting room, his cheekbone bleeding, eyes scanning the ever pricier coffee table, mirror and curtains.
He lifts his eyes, sees the blue gaze surrounded by wrinkles, mouth with so many lines of laughter he can’t count them anymore and the hair, still so golden in the sun even though grey strands are taking place over the blond ones and claiming the head theirs.
“It’s not included in the armoury,” he said, attempting levity. When he noticed Sherlock was staring at his hand, he moved it quickly to rest on the table close to one of the guns he had already dismantled and cleaned before picking it up again and starting over.
His speechlessness persists as Sherlock leads him along the hall towards the gaping hole of an open door.
Grumbling, his ears burning from the cold, Sherlock pulled the hat on. It was already warm from having been worn for so long and smelt strongly of Watson.
“It’s highly unlikely Thomas Hardy would take you up on the offer, considering he has been cremated in the 20s and so probably doesn’t get cold. I, however, could actually use a pair.”
He makes Mycroft promise not to tell John about her rehabilitation. What his brother doesn’t promise is not to test John to see how freely he will give Sherlock the truth, even though it might hurt him. So he tells him Irene is dead and enjoys the look of grief John gives for his brother.
It is silent and dark in the library, close to closing time and only a few students still linger between the shelves leafing books by the tables.
The static muttering on the other end hurts his eardrums, so he moves the phone further away, whispers a goodbye into it and ends the call.
¸ thought Sherlock), then began to tear Sherlock’s wet clothes off him. He pulled his woollen jumper over his head and stuffed Sherlock’s hands into the sleeves. He stripped Sherlock’s trousers off in one swift move, then took off his own and draped a blanket over Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Hmm,” Sherlock says, desperately chasing after John’s lips, terrified of what he might say next. Best to just keep on kissing.
So when he next sees John, it’s over the barrel of a smoking gun, accompanied by several loud shots into the smiley face he has sprayed on the wall.
At first John watches him with amazement. He wonders if Sherlock is even aware of what he does or if he does it purely on purpose.
For two months he is constantly thinking about Mycroft’s Machiavellian idea of the end justifying the means. He tries to convince himself it is the best excuse to drag John against him the moment he returns from his own trip to Mycroft’s. Because at the moment every chance might be his last.
Sherlock can’t resist a few deductions, trying to show off to John more than to Sebastian, who turns to John almost immediately, like he is his ally, and explains their history.
He took a hold of Sherlock’s head and turned his face gently towards himself. He tutted angrily, poking at his nose gently, but stopped at Sherlock’s quiet whimper. He moved his hands down slowly until he was satisfied that apart from a broken nose, split lip and a few possible fractures to his ribs he was fine.
The official news coming from him never had any real value, let alone the unofficial ones he clearly made up to impress his bedmates.
For the first time since he has met John, Mycroft looks taken aback. They stare at each other over the table, John stern, Mycroft calculating, posture stiff. Sherlock realises he is afraid. Afraid for him, afraid he has made a mistake, has miscalculated John.
In the end, John doesn’t catch him out but figures all this is one of Sherlock’s ways of making fun of him and tosses the last paper drone in Sherlock’s eye.
“John,” Doctor Mortimer says gently, “he had a mental breakdown at sixteen when his mother died. I don’t think he ever truly recovered from it.”
“Such a fuss!” Jim tsks. He shakes invisible lint off his jacket, rolling something between forefinger and thumb, flicking it away he turns to Sherlock. “Why bother? He is not even real.”
Sometimes Sherlock spoke whole sentences in angry German, waving his arms and kicking with his feet. Sometimes he whispered frantically in several languages at once, all jumbled up in an unrecognisable heap. Never in English.
Turning round, he sees Victor holding a chessman in his hand, tossing it up and down. Without having noticed, they have been standing in the middle of the quadrangle with several board games on stone benches. Victor looks at Sherlock with a wide grin.
“But as your brother told me the first time we met, and I’m sure you’ve heard all about it afterwards, I miss the war. Whatever the hell is wrong with me actually makes me need it or something equivalent to it, and this is as close as I can get. So no, I am not worried I can’t take it. What I am worried about is whether
He scribbles a quick note on a piece of paper and puts it in the RAMC mug for John to find. When he returns later that night, John is sitting in his chair. He lifts his head when Sherlock storms in.
Sherlock whimpered again, but sat up slowly. The movement hurt his lungs and he could feel a throbbing at the back of his head.
“Did you bring your sleeping bag?” John asked Sherlock who was looking at the dusty bedding with distaste.
“It’ll take some time for the news to reach Lestrade and even longer for all the paperwork to be sorted out,” Sherlock said, lying supinely on the only cot in the cell.
He pricks up his ears, but nothing, no one is there. Sitting on their bed facing the door, he lowers his gaze in fear of seeing Jim or Harriet again, being left alone with them, free for them to torment him as they please.
He knew he’d be useless but he can’t bear it. He deleted everything he knew about water except that he was able to drink it and only remembered that it could be used for washing as well when John noted that he could really use a bath.
But there is such gentleness in his eyes now that tells Sherlock he would not leave. Not anymore. Perhaps a year ago. 13 months, 2 weeks and four days. That’s how long it has been since John killed a man for him and turned to look him in the eye as if in just 24 hours he has understood how to tread the ground round Sherlock. Gentle reminders of politeness, the occasional night spent on the sofa at Sarah’s or Mike’s or just a few hours in a pub with Lestrade, but never leave to not return.
At three o’clock on Sunday morning, John’s mobile starts to buzz on the night stand in the room he shares with Harry and their parents. He snatches up the phone without looking and goes to the bathroom to speak.
Eyes moving across the table, he accepted the rifle John offered to him. The heaviness of it felt sturdy in his hands, but did nothing to comfort him.
Doctor Mortimer turns around too, looking directly at where Jim and Irene are standing by the large fireplace.
“Your ridiculous monkeytoes should be helpful with this,” John grunts as chlorine water splashes in his face for the tenth time.
John’s hand staid in his while he stuffed his wallet back into his trouser pocket, the bag of groceries hanging from his arm. The little
Jim, Irene and Harriet are standing by the lake, shadows drawn long by the setting sun. They are further away than they have ever been before, like they do not dare to come close anymore. Sherlock looks at them long enough for John to catch the direction of his eyes and takes his hand.
John finds a bowl and a clean towel, fills the first with lukewarm water and places the latter into it to get it soaked. He retrieves the loot to his bedroom where the pile of sickness and dressing gown looks more like a miserable wet dog than a consulting detective.
The fire is dying out slowly and a chill creeps towards John’s bare toes but he doesn’t want to move to put more logs into the fire. He is too comfortable on the floor with Sherlock’s head lolling on his lap, his breathing calming down gradually until he is snoring gently and breathing hot air into John’s navel.
The sudden quiet in the taxi startles him back to reality. He remembers there is a John Watson sitting next to him, clearly bursting with questions.
“Well, you’re just as popular as your shampoo. I wouldn’t think anyone would like to wash their hair with that muck.”
After a moment of silence, John presses Enter for the last time, closes the lid of his laptop and stretches luxuriously. His left foot jerks slightly against Sherlock’s bare ankle.
Drugs controlled it, but never shut it down completely. He tried, in the back of his head the constant hope that any time it could be too much, that overdose would click a switch inside his head and the lights would go out.
John comes home to an empty flat, the two teacups still sitting on the coffee table, the tea in the pot still warm.
John turns on his back to look at the curtains moving gently in the wind. Sherlock can hear his rasped breathing, a slight sniffle, and a question,
“Stay away from him!” Sherlock bellows, pointing the gun frantically, trying to aim at Jim without getting John on the line.
But (and Sherlock ponders on this a lot afterwards as well) this time he actually starts to clear the space round them. To make John more comfortable, to make him stay.
For a second Mycroft sees in front of him the little boy who he came to get from school, the look on his face when he heard that Mummy was once again unavailable but he was there to take him home and they could have ice cream on the way. Sherlock’s small hand instantly in his when they turned round the corner and the other boys couldn’t see.
Is that really him? The horrible person who insults those he loves to get attention or because he doesn’t know any better.
“Well then,” John pushes him back towards where he came from, “bed it is. I’ll bring you a bit more tea and a jug of water.”
He sits down opposite him on the grass in the shadow of the giant oak tree and stares. Sherlock shifts uncomfortably, trying to get back to his book, glances up again, sees the child suck determinedly on his dummy before popping it out of his mouth and offering it to him.
Come New Year, instead of the music papers, Sherlock is staring at John’s blog count that has been stuck at 1895 for weeks.
Bowl on the bedside table, John starts to drag the moist towel over Sherlock’s brow and neck. Sherlock beeps again.
John yips when Sherlock’s hands grab his ankles, pull him down on the chair so he is lying on his back on it and squeeze his denim-covered buttocks.
They stay quiet for a long time, watching Harriet sitting in the middle of the quadrangle and pick up sticks and stones to build something by her feet.
John's expression stays stony as he stares out of the cab window on their way to Bart’s. He is thinking about the woman strapped to the bomb, about the 12 hours left to save her, about what happens if they don’t make it in time. Sherlock is busy fiddling with the shoes in his hand, shoved into a large evidence bag. His other hand is busy researching the web for several little details he has noticed on the shoes by now. They have already reached the lab where Molly sets Sherlock up with the necessary equipment before John opens his mouth.
“The case. The bombs. How are you dealing with them? You must be familiar with them. Can’t have avoided them in Afghanistan.”
John worries about him. His eyes stay on him more than usual, and there is a deeply sad look in them. He has not said anything to remind Sherlock he is not being polite enough or what he says is not the right thing to say, not after the
There is no ring on John’s finger. The shoes in the corner look brand new, but they are just well-kept, used with care. So John does not go out or buy new clothes often. His clothes scream the same, his old jacket on the hook of the door.
The film was okay, but the tune especially stuck in his head and apparently the same happened to Sherlock for there he was, whistling perfectly in sync with the film’s soundtrack. John is amazed at what the man can remember, chooses to remember. Sherlock had lain on the sofa the whole time John was engaged in the film, snorted every time he was looked at and especially loud every time the boy with the scar or any of his friends waved their wands around and muttered something slightly resembling Latin. The film had ended with sounds very much like snores from Sherlock’s corner but his eyes had been open the whole time.
Molly turns up to work one morning, glowing and smiling and blushing as John takes one look at her, winks and goes to hug her. Sherlock looks confused as Molly exits through the door to go find some tissues even though she is still smiling.
Every time Sally Donovan uses the term with slightly less of a sneer in her voice, something else lurking behind her words. Something deeper, sharper,
Another shot shook the forest, and Sherlock, never minding anymore about correct language, broken radios or his own life, called out to the microphone.
John turns to look at him and measures him from head to toe. He slides his forefinger across Sherlock’s collar.
“But despite my flaws, I’ve been blessed with enough luck and something of a brain to get by in this world, and by the help of both of those I’ve made the most important discovery of my life. I’m always trying to look for reason in things, even when there seemingly is none. Love is one of those and I’ve found it is the greatest reason for everything. I’m only here, I’m only alive because of you. You are the reason I am. You are all my reasons.”
), Irene Adler’s tongue goes to lick her lips in an erotic imitation of John’s unconscious tic, and he is left staring at John’s misty form that appears in his field of vision, all concern and blurred contours.
“All the other mums were manic, screaming at Mummy about manners and god knows what. She pretended to be awfully sorry, then took us home and bought us a bag of Jelly Babies a-piece, telling us how bad we had been and winking all the while.”
There is nowhere to go now, nowhere to hide. Sherlock must return home at intervals or raise the suspicions of both Mrs Hudson and John as well as answer a lot of questions. So he puts on a face, goes home and talks to John as if everything is fine and normal.
“The plan is not for you to win this war alone,” Mr Holmes interrupted him. “It is to move adequate amount of resources to where they can’t be afforded to be missing at the moment, even with the minimal ones we
John is the image of physical health, raw masculine sexuality in his young body that he clearly knows how to use, but does not want to.
The look on John’s face almost goes unnoticed, but Sherlock is on a roll here and just then Miranda emerges from the ladies and Sherlock pounces at her.
Sherlock breathes in deeply, places his foot on the first step, then the other, then walks up and through the quadrangle, turns left and then right and then left again until he finds the math building, walks up two flights of stairs and knocks on the door.
That makes John move, he can hear it, and he’s sure to be punched soon. But John only walks to the sofa slowly and opens the first newspaper of the pile on the coffee table.
Mr Hartley coughed quietly, and suddenly he looked very much like he would like to be anywhere else.
Which is exactly what Mycroft tells him when they go to the morgue to see the body. Sherlock looks at Molly, wearing a comfy jumper and her hair down, and he feels his heart sink down to his stomach.
He was dying, and John saved his life. He would have swallowed the pill, didn’t even know if he was right or wrong, it didn’t matter. There was nothing to live for anymore.
“It doesn’t mean anything that Mycroft denied her the pleasure of treating me. You can sign the papers as well,” Sherlock notes.
John is looking peaky, so Sherlock makes a detour on their way back to Baker Street and stops at a café he favours for their full English.
him, Sherlock!” John yells. “You’ve been having your own private fun with him while Lestrade and half the Yard have been trying to locate people who are scared to death with bombs strapped to their chests!”
Lestrade waves John’s terrified apologies away, laughing good-humouredly when Sherlock, never learning anything from his mistakes, sticks his hand under John’s jumper again. After that, John is often called by several monikers that are usually given to little children every time Lestrade is having a particularly good day.
Help was mere minutes away and the adrenaline in his veins began to wear off in the prospect of not having to survive alone for long. Soon, someone would come barging in, take care of the thugs and they could go home.
“Or perhaps,” she edges closer, and without noticing, Sherlock leans in as well, better to hear John described in that voice trained on reciting fantasies, “he sees a side of you the others don’t and it turns you on that you alone can show him what you are truly like?”
He had daydreams about losing his mind, becoming a drooling vegetable who couldn’t even aspire to the possibility of being ordinary. There was no escaping it. His brain would always be gnawing at him, demanding for more data to chew on.
“Ah, don’t think I’m not familiar with your fancy with big words. I heard you on the courtyard yesterday. Gave our dorm supervisor hell of a time outing him with his drinking habits.”
He doesn’t have access to any of his belongings, his mobile phone or his notebook, so he can’t check. But he knows what he
It is an expected reaction of someone suddenly touching him. No one does that, except Mrs Hudson, and he himself never touches anyone if he can avoid it. It is natural to be quite startled.
In the middle of the night, attempting to keep a hold of the fragile edges of disturbed sleep, he had not spared much thought on Watson’s assumed bad ones, but now, at the early hours of morning when nothing else in the cottage was interesting enough to get his attention, his companion seemed slightly more interesting.
His eyes had gone dark, the slits menacing like a snake’s together with his erratic breathing made Mycroft shudder.
A hum, something that for once sounds like Sherlock might be feeling comfort instead of burning grinding pain, comes from deep in Sherlock’s chest. His hands burrow into John’s t-shirt and John feels a sigh on his fingers. He keeps on patting the towel on Sherlock’s shoulder blades and jugular until the fingers radiating heat to his sternum go lax and Sherlock’s breathing has calmed down.
do. Sherlock tries John’s boundaries but he also likes to test him in other ways, teach him how to think like him. It is necessary for the work. All it takes is an unfinished sentence, the right question hanging in the air or an encouraging nod or praise. John loves it, the danger, the running, the deductions, but he doesn’t seem to think of them as a real job. Not one that gets you food on the table, at least.
Luckily, the best way to hide his arousal when Sarah suddenly appears at his elbow is to walk up the stairs with a smile and join the small crowd standing awkwardly in the large room. Sherlock rolls his eyes and sneaks backstage to the dressing rooms.
The moon appearing from behind a cloud was a welcome sight, and he could see Watson more clearly now, sitting next to him, his golden hair gleaming in the faint moonlight. He was sitting ramrod straight, holding on to the bonnet to keep himself from swaying and falling against the sergeant, but there were no signs of discomfort in him. He looked like he was exactly where he belonged and knew precisely where they were going.
John paces back and forth the sitting room, stopping every now and then to look at his phone, sometimes he marches to the kitchen door, but stops before he has the chance to knock or open it. When he finally gathers the courage to enter, Sherlock’s phone has gone off seven times with Mycroft’s name lighting the screen each time so now he has another good way to make John feel needed.
Especially when Sherlock lifts his feet up to rest them on the edge next to John’s head. John doesn’t quite know what do with his hands, so he places them on his stomach and closes his eyes.
“Sherlock, good to have you here,” Lestrade runs to him and shakes his hand. “We’re really in deep with this one.”
It’s a low blow, and Mycroft knows it, he regrets it the second it’s out. But he hides his expression better than Sherlock, who can feel his face fall through the floor.
“No, thank God, since you don’t pay me anything,” he huffs and tries to fit the pieces of glass together.
Staring aimlessly at the pinkish water, Sherlock allows John to lift his arms and slide the soapy sponge under his armpits, bend his knees to reach his legs and groin, stays immovable as John scrubs his back and hair forcefully, using the amount of pressure that usually makes Sherlock groan in pleasure. Now he doesn’t even flinch when John’s nail scratch his neck.
The doctor deemed John to be fine and promised that he could be released after a week spent in the hospital recovering.
He digs into his breast pocket for a handkerchief, takes off his glasses and starts wiping them clean.
Then there are angry hissing words, an insult (slight one) from him, a confirmation on John’s part that yes, Sherlock Holmes can get it wrong, a promise that John will be fine once he has excreted the drug, and a joke that makes Sherlock smile and laugh, that makes him genuinely happy.
The man spares a quick glance at him before he pushes himself half out through the window to wave at the policemen gathered outside.
John doesn’t seem to notice, for he only looks exasperated that Sherlock has once more invited himself on his date.
here, John,” the terrified whispering continues. “And they’re all idiots, none of them have committed any murders, only a few infidelities and one or two insurance scams, and they’re so
Sherlock looked in his lap to see what Watson had thrown at him. He could barely make out the furry trimming and ridiculous flaps, but he knew it was Watson’s hat, similar to the one he himself had packed in his trunk with the rest of his clothes, certain that he would not need it during the drive.
He was never careful, always disappointed when he woke up the next morning, shivering and nauseous, but alive. And brain still in place, ready to tear him apart when he had just put himself together again.
Shuffle of shoes approach them and a pair of loafers stop next to the girl’s. This time Sherlock has to tilt his neck to see the face.
He said something very hurtful to John after he took his hand away from the general area of his back.
He whips around to look at Irene and Harriet standing in the corner, Harriet’s face buried in Irene’s dress. Her little body is covered in Semtex.
He sounds so desperate that John actually turns round. But his reply says he has not heard the desperation but is too blinded by his own carnal needs to even consider staying.
He has only taken a few steps, when he hears stomping behind him and turning around sees Sally storm off towards the entrance hall’s extremely bushy ficus that is shaking slightly.
“He erased you,” Sherlock whispered. “He took everything you were, everything we had, snapped his fingers and it was all gone like it had never existed.”
Of course Mycroft would have insisted his protector wear only the best of firearms. The other handguns were also Enfields.
He sweeps past Sherlock in a slide of patent leather shoes and a whiff of a shiny new briefcase. He is at the door when a breathless voice says his name.
His eyes, grey and cool and deep, bore directly into Sherlock’s, who for the first time in his life had to look away to hide his embarrassment.
He has tried to mop up the mess with the handkerchief in his pocket before realising what he is doing. Offering the sodding mess back to its owner, John had just chuckled and asked him to keep it, to bring good luck. So the handkerchief is back in his pocket, as wet and dripping as his hair.
“I’m sure they didn’t mean it. The children are just excited about their trip and were running around a bit carelessly.”
John comes home in time for Sherlock’s birthday. He walks in when Sherlock is standing on top of a ladder, hanging up balloons on the specific orders of their landlady, Mrs Hudson. He almost comes tumbling down when he sees John standing in the doorway, his left arm in a sling.
And people are pulled to him. Sherlock saw how the nurse who brought him in had looked at John. His eyes had had that same look of unmasked attraction Sherlock had once caught on his own face when he had glanced at a mirror while John had been crouching down tying his shoes, the muscles on his back and bottom stretching enticingly.
After breakfast, while Sherlock continued to fiddle with his radio equipment, John sat down at the kitchen table, covered it with old newspapers he had found at the back of a closet and took out his polishing kit again. Kneeling by his bed, he slid out an old wooden case and took out a hunting rifle. The smell of gun oil and the tinge of gunpowder were not familiar smells, but Sherlock felt drawn towards them, suddenly intrigued by the process that made the killing machines he usually despised efficient in their job as well as with the man who went about his task efficiently but performed it with great care, checking and polishing each part with tender fingers.
So he yelled at John a bit, demanding to have his liver back, and when John discovered that the reason he wanted it returned was an unknown decease that could hypothetically prove fatal to half the population of London, he had begun to yell. Louder and definitely more high-pitched than Sherlock.
He turned to look at his brother, whose hands were crossed over his abdomen, inspecting the situation as if he was bored to be in the middle of it.
He pretends to pay no mind to John get up and inform him he is going to Sarah’s and will bring milk when he gets back.
They stay quiet for a moment. Sherlock’s gaze doesn’t return to where Jim is standing but inspects Victor’s desk and the bric-a-brac covering it instead. Victor waits for him to speak, hands crossed over the desk.
Then Sherlock gets her text proclaiming she is not dead and still wants to have dinner. He barely sees the text when he opens it. John’s ‘I’m not actually gay,’ ringing in his head he turns round and walks out of the building.
Sherlock thinks about the dozens of pills he has hidden in the crack under the sink and dives back in his yoghurt.
Sherlock dreams of fires. Of whole forests burning to the ground, massive floating slicks of oil covering the sea next to a wreck of a ship, just a burning match and it’s all aflame.
“Don’t get excited. It was the cheapest one on the menu. I can’t believe how some people can afford to spend so much on books, no matter how old.”
, out to the hall and across the landing. He can hear her shushing and cooing and generally the crying stops. A door closes quietly and she returns,
Instead, he turns to Mrs Hudson who has come upstairs to tell him there is a taxi at the door he hasn’t ordered. Anger rises in him little by little, John explaining the situation to Mrs Hudson, Lestrade giving orders to people still infiltrating his kitchen, his sitting room, his life. The noises buzz around his head until he explodes and yells for everyone to shut up, Anderson especially, orders himself to think, Mrs Hudson tries to pipe in about the taxi and the moment he yells at her, something clicks into place inside his head.
He grabbed John’s arm and pulled, making him trip. He looked over his shoulder. The sweep of the torch light from the other room was getting bigger and ever nearer. He had to decide soon whether being stuffed into a box for a short while was better than getting shot full of holes.
“The Germans don’t yet know that we have been able to decipher part of their code. They are only using a new one because Sherlock managed to crack their old one – with the help of a few colleagues – and when he cracks this one, and he will do so, we will use it to find out everything we can about their current plans before they realise their precious renewed code is not as secure as they thought and their plans have been infiltrated.”
He tried to even his breathing, tried to remember what he used to do in these situations, what he had been taught to do, what he had taught others.
“God must be a writer to have so many words,” John says breathlessly as he finally leans away from the book and turns around.
He tries to remove his hand very carefully from behind Sherlock’s head. Water drips down the towel on Sherlock’s cheek, and he mumbles in his sleep and rubs at his cheekbone with his fist, sighs and grabs his nose between forefinger and thumb.
It’s not her, definitely not her. If anything, Sherlock knows her body, her attributes as a woman. He knows her skin, though he was never able to read what was under it.
Jim stays silent. Sherlock stares out of the window at the boys playing football on the quadrangle, the principal walking briskly towards them to tell them off.
“It is unusual but Sherlock’s case is borderline extreme. He has been ill for years, his first hallucination - that I know off - dates back over fifteen years and his depression is highly likely to be older than that. You do know he was addicted to cocaine?”
By the large fireplace which took almost the entirety of the wall on the right side of the door, two people stood, ramrod straight, staring at him.
“Surely MI6 has to have several other candidates better than me. People who are actually currently on the army payroll.”
He stops at the opposite end of the room, straight in line with Sherlock and John and the gun still pointed at him and his mouth that keeps on opening and closing, dropping sounds that form into syllables that form into words Sherlock can’t help but find interesting.
Sneaking into the bar, hiding his phone discreetly between his palms, he takes a quick photo of her before dashing out to type a text to John. He knows how to play him. Give him a pretty tail to chase and he’ll forget all the hurt in the world, happy to show off his talent in his natural habitat.
“Hey, Sherlock, how long have you known?” he says, grabbing Sherlock by the sleeve as Lestrade disappears to his office before them.
“It is real, it is better than you, better than you,” Sherlock mutters, walking in circles, Jim close behind him, taunting him every step he takes. “It’s better than you.”
John pockets his own phone with a sigh and returns Sherlock’s to its hiding place inside his chair (there is a hole in the upholstery under the seat).
with someone from the very start. They always walk in, take a look at him and his alien face, listen to him rant about their lives because he just can’t help himself and finds it better to just get it over and done with, show them what he is actually like. And they always,
He fills the gun, puts it in the pocket of his dressing gown and goes back into the sitting room to wait.
Sherlock stood outside in the bright sunshine, the radio on full volume next to him. Despite the cold air, he had rolled up his shirtsleeves and opened the top buttons to let the wind touch his skin. He felt as if it blew straight inside him, touched his inner core and continued on, leaving him cold and shivering.
, the one person who has never made him actually angry. Not even when he binned a whole human liver with a decease Sherlock had never seen before and which Molly was going to report but, as usual, promised to postpone the little detail while Sherlock ran home with the thing, inspected every piece of it under his microscope, took samples, did everything he could with it, last of which made the fire alarm blare on with such a force John heard it from the end of the street and ran in, shopping bags banging against his legs.
“He started with that and then went off to blow the banks and the government building while both were empty,” Donovan continues as she stirs two sugars into her tea and clinks the spoon in her cup.
Thankfully the doorbell rings before things can get really ugly and he pounds to his room to change into a suit while John lets their visitor in. When he returns, there is a young man waiting in John’s chair, looking timid and dead tired, saying,
He is sitting on a park bench when someone stops in front of him. He looks up and a little girl with red hair and tartan dress stares straight at him. She’s just tall enough to reach his chin now that he is sitting down.
Without replying, he returns to the inbox where the new text has joined the 24 others he has received in the last thirteen hours. Each of them have made it clear that the person sending them can see everything they are doing at any given time and having swiped the flat for cameras and found nothing it has become clear that their bomber is not one of John’s everyday blog readers.
Mr Trevor was in front of him in few quick strides. He reached out his hands to help him with his coat.
At night, his cheek resting against Sherlock’s bare thigh, John sees the scar on his knee, spreading across the kneecap and sliding under his leg. It must have been painful, the surgery, the physical therapy. But Sherlock was young, he has forgotten already. As much as Sherlock can ever forget.
It is easier to see Moriarty on his doorstep while thinking on the words, knowing that John is coming home, will be back any minute.
“Which would make this even more disturbing for you, since you haven’t had any training on how to dismantle one.”
“It doesn’t fit me now,” she says to John, exhausted but happier than ever as Sherlock rocks the little bundle in his arms and looks at it like he has never seen anything more amazing. “My feet and hands are so swollen she’ll be in university before I’m back to my regular size.”
. John with his shirt sleeves rolled up, elbow-deep in warm water, foam between his fingers, a dishbrush in hand, Sunday afternoon filling the whole flat, the sun always warmer and somehow brighter then than any other time of the day.
As John sipped from his cup, his shirt stretched tight over his shoulders. Sherlock thought of the scar hidden so well under layers of clothing.
Sherlock licks his lips and stares intently at John. He is standing leisurely in the middle of the sitting room, legs and arms relaxed, but his toes are digging into the dusty rug so that they are almost white.
Behind them in the kitchen, the minute hand on the clock ticks its final minute, and suddenly Sherlock is thirty years old, a new decade of his life has begun, and he is engaged to the boy he has known for twenty-five years will teach him what love means.
Mrs Holmes fluttered down the hall in her salmon pink dress, her perfume leaving a waft of roses in the cold Christmas night. She walked briskly to the door, slammed it shut to stop any more of the freezing air getting into the house and took her son’s face between her hands.
Sherlock dismisses the problem of arthritis in his thigh with a wave of his hand, goes down on one knee and takes John’s hands in his.
Standing in front of the mirror in the toilet, the orderly standing by at the door, Sherlock lifts his shirt to inspect his right side, looking for the bullet wound.
There is not a hint of bare skin anywhere, the bowtie sitting tight around John’s neck and the jacket covering his back but his muscles are visible, and his face, enthralled by an original copy of Thomas Hardy displayed on one of the tables,
), sunlight pouring in through a large window, lighting up the Persian rug his bare feet are resting on.
Mrs Holmes meets them at the door and Sherlock drapes himself over her and stays attached to her lilac dress for five minutes without moving. They stay for the weekend and Mrs Holmes keeps petting Sherlock’s new hair like she needs concrete proof that the mop of curls is really gone. She whispers to John how Sherlock always refused to have his hair cut when he was a child.
Sherlock hums appreciatively and pokes John on the nose with his toes. John catches them and tickles the spaces between each until Sherlock squirms.
After a couple of months, an especially demanding case comes across his way and he barely looks up from the wall for hours. He knows John to be hovering somewhere in the background, go to work, come back, disappear into the kitchen.
They don’t allow him in without credentials. He tries to explain Victor has made an exception with him but they shake their heads and turn him away. He stumbles out, head spinning, trying to remember where Victor has his lectures today, trying to find help. Jim is there, standing in the courtyard, pointing at each student and teacher that passes him and pretends to shoot them in the back of the head. He spots Sherlock and begins to taunt him.
“A little get-to-know-me present from the new boss. I’m afraid the MI6 doesn’t have a personal shopper.”
The body stuffed in the boot, they drive away in Jim’s car towards a location Sherlock knows. The best way to get rid of a body at such short notice is to burn it. Chemical incineration would take too long to perform since they don’t have the necessary supplies and making a concoction would cost them valuable time. Going out to buy gallons of ammonia at a time would be remembered and used against them later.
He torments his brain day in and day out with every possible option for the passcode, almost tries several of them and only changes his mind at the last second. He tries to figure out where to look.
“Because I believe in peace. And that the people ordering men to die are wrong. And that if we can’t make them realise it, at least we can protect the innocent.”
He made John’s tea just so, with the perfect amount of milk and sugar, and even gave him a saucer so he had somewhere to lower the cup since the coffee table was filled with more detritus than usual.
The soldier did not have time to turn around and look. A bullet whistled through the air and embedded itself in the back of his head, tearing its way through between his eyes.
“Terrified,” he draws his chair back, “mortified”, he sits down and takes the pawn from Victor, “petrified,” he places it back where it was, his finger pressing the piece to the board like he is trying to glue them together, “stupefied by you.”
He trails behind John, dodging between the graves, trying to keep his tone neutral, to make John laugh, casting his eyes down when he fails.
“Jim,” he hisses to the phone, never minding that someone is probably listening in and he shouldn’t use names. “Don’t call me anymore.”
Blinking through the tears (it stings to have your eye attacked by a piece of folded paper) Sherlock can see that John is smiling mischievously, so he throws a pillow at him. John goes down on the armchair with an
Three months ago, Sunday, nothing to do, no case, and Sherlock was slightly ill. So John took advantage of the quiet in the flat and popped in the film he had wanted to see for a while, ever since his colleagues had found out that he had never seen it and almost laughed him out of the lunch room.
“Well, I’m sure this will cheer him up,” she says, presenting John with a breakfast tray full of porridge, eggs, toast and a huge pot of steaming tea.
it here. I am not qualified for anything. I know everything there is to know about chemistry and physics and criminology but without a degree I am nothing. So I’m stuck. I have to go through meaningless lectures and get credits for years before I can graduate. Because I don’t know what I want to do.”
Sherlock’s eyes were glued to the rifle as John pulled the sling over his head. He lowered the gun on the ground and took a step back, away from Sherlock, leaving the gun between them.
Clearly they don’t take his word for it because the gun one of the less devious henchmen has merely been pointing at John’s back is now pressed against his neck.
Sherlock heard the respect in his voice and despised it instantly. It was not the sound of sincere politeness but a chore one must perform before their superiors, no matter how much one hated them in their heart. Perkins’ sudden long vowels and round tones made him shiver with their stinginess. He would have preferred the quick whip-like sentences he had thrown at him. At least they were a true reflection of the speaker.
Finally John looks up, extremely proud that he has succeeded, but before he can say anything Sherlock is kissing him fervently.
Lestrade hands back the notebook, rests his elbow on the desk and studies the man in front of him, finally not afraid of him, nor pitying him, but only wanting to help like he would anyone with a problem.
The map enlarges automatically to Westminster, then Marylebone, then to 221 Baker Street. All of a sudden, the loud buzzing has moved inside Sherlock’s head. His phone chimes and while John and Lestrade are concentrated on the map trying to figure out how the phone can be in the building with them he opens a text that has just arrived, stares at the invitation to follow the shadowy man standing on the landing where Mrs Hudson has left him after she had come up to simper something about a taxi.
There is a small crack in the wall behind the sink. He reaches his pinkie in and feels around. Deep enough. He looks over his shoulder and stuffs the pill inside the wall, pours the water down the drain and leaves the bathroom.
“No, John,” said Sherlock, starting on his next calculation, how many Lestrades would it take to fill the room if they were all on their hands and knees. “We were let out an hour ago and I carried you into a taxi and up the stairs to Baker Street without you waking up. It just so happens that I enjoyed this cell so much I carried you back here, still without waking you up.”
“I think we need a new kettle,” comments John and places one of the mugs with a scalding hot tea in front of Sherlock, who is still standing where John left him after receiving the tea bags. John doesn’t notice how he has suddenly frozen into a block of ice and is being incinerated on the inside at the same time, doesn’t see that panic is rising fast like bile in his throat, hasn’t heard how his breath has caught in his throat. He only sees how Sherlock has not paid any attention to the mug in front of him, so he lifts Sherlock’s hand and places it on the handle.
It must have been partly due to his missing eyebrows that he was not in as good a mood as he had been the day before, but the bold spots above his lashes really didn’t help.
John tries to keep Sherlock’s brain occupied and suggests reading, which Sherlock accepts with minimum persuasion, but only if John reads out loud to him. This is established when the first page of
Her hair is in a loose bun, skirt and jumper covering a lot more than the dressing gown had the last time he saw her.
“Somewhere between Southwark Bridge and Waterloo,” he mutters to himself, then he remembers John and looks up.
He stops pacing. They’re at a crime scene, surrounded by the police and facing a gory sight of a body chopped to bits and placed in a triangle, perfectly clean of blood and excrements, interesting, enticing, wonderful.
If Sherlock had known what a crush was, he would have corrected his mother and told her in his pedantic manner: “No crush, mama. Yes love.”
Sherlock lifts his head from his hand. Every movement he makes seems either too slow or too frantic.
Miles away in occupied France, the screams of dying men and gunfire in his ears, John Watson lay on his back in the muddy earth, blood seeping slowly through his clothing, trickling down his sides and into the ground already soaked with the blood of his comrades lying dead everywhere around him.
“See,” Sherlock stammers nervously, licking his lips, “I thought you would need something to write things down when you’re on the move. Words. At the auction, you said that God must be a writer because we have so many words. You said that. And notebook is always better than a blog.”
Wilkes’ girl whistles, Wilkes himself chuckling slowly and turning round to collect fivers from the crowd having stopped to view the game. In the middle of the grumbling and victorious snickering, Sherlock suddenly jumps up, tipping the chess board over the table and scrambles to the exit with his papers clutched against his chest. Behind him, Victor, waving a bundle of money he has won from the viewers calls after him:
“Just for a few months. You’ll be back before you know it and then you can continue to live your life just as usual ---”
It’s sure to make John come with him, mentioning his passion for writing down Sherlock’s life in his blog, and even remembering the title.
Sitting on their bed, Sherlock listens to John’s voice floating upstairs from the door where he is seeing Doctor Mortimer and Mycroft off. Sherlock hears her quiet pleading, she is probably squeezing John’s hands in hers.
He takes the keys from the man and jumps on the driver’s seat. He waves Sherlock in and turns on the engine. The car roars under them like its namesake about to jump on its prey. Jim steps on the gas paddle and they shoot off down the street.
He had slept poorly, old nightmares having suddenly returned in full force, and he had kept waking up through the night, too scared to try and fall asleep, eventually succumbing to the exhaustion, only to wake an hour or so later drenched in sweat and tears.
Three hundred miles away in London, Mycroft Holmes banged his fist against a table in one of the more secret parts of the parliament, with several ministers and military commanders sitting at the large table, all of them shivering under the rage of the most feared man in the country.
Sherlock snatches the folder and strides back into the flat, sits at his desk and doesn’t pay any mind to anything surrounding him anymore.
He turned back around to scratch at his beard, showing the star of the exit wound and every well-defined line of his back again.
But John insists, and Sherlock finds himself in one of the bedrooms of Henry’s massive house, trying to listen to John sleeping in the room next to his. Henry had offered them a bigger room across the hall, having arrived to the same conclusion Bob Frankland and practically everyone else before him had.
Like Mycroft still holds him near and dear, keeps his love for him behind lock and key inside his heart.
“Mycroft knew you would have to go. He planned it so that you would be shipped away the moment we came back.”
Sherlock lifted the covers in an invitation. Like a boy climbing in to his best friend’s room without their parents knowing, his guest quietly pushed himself in with the strength of his upper body, jumped nimbly to his feet to close the window against the growing blizzard, all the while shivering in the cold. He chucked all his clothing except his socks and ran to the bed. Sherlock would have found his shorthanded nakedness amusing, but when Mr Trevor pressed his bare skin against his, instead of creeping coldness he suddenly felt that incinerating heat again that took his breath away. Even Mr Trevor's cold fingers against his stomach, his chilly cheek against his thigh, made him feel like he was being burned inside out.
He babbles on, bragging about how clever he has been, how easy it has been. At the mention of the victims John shakes his head and Sherlock’s eyes flicker back and forth between him and Moriarty advancing steadily, chirping constantly.
