“The angels expected your love-making style to reflect that.” Cass looks oddly nostalgic. “It was surprising to find that you were a tender lover.” Dean shudders at the way Cass says ‘lover.’ “You were always caring and seemed to enjoy giving up control – much unlike real life.”
“What is it now?” Dean demands. “You snuck into my room and stole the pictures from under my pillow?”
After overstaying her welcome in the kitchen, Mary walks through the bunker halls. She’d spent almost a day trying not to get so turned around. She spots Dean’s door and walks past it to Castiel’s room, just a few doors down.
“Dean.” He squints, “In my professional opinion, after many years of being a healer, I recommend aromatherapy.”
“Cass!” a voice crackles through the speakers it sounds beyond rough and distorted but Castiel would know that voice anywhere.
His mood sours and the pie slides tastelessly down his gullet. Dean stabs his own pie in quiet contemplation. He hates how quickly the mood had shifted. He almost hates the waitress for bringing it up… but that isn’t fair; she was just complimenting them.
He shouldn’t really be surprised. He’s actually perplexed at how long it took Dean to flirt with her. He usually does it as soon as someone comes to take their order. Maybe it has something to do with their minds still thinking like a kid’s. He’s not worried about that, it’s just a reflex that will wear off in time.
Sam doesn’t buy twenty cameras. He can’t risk leaving the bunker for that long. And the set up time alone would render them moot.
That’s why the devil’s trap didn’t hold… that’s why he could use the blade. But… Castiel still sees Crowley’s blackened essence.
His common sense awakens about the same time as he does. It rings alarm bells in his head and terror slices through him.
Dean enjoys spending time alone. He’s found the perfect way to keep Michael at bay. To stop the pounding in his head.
Had all these people really missed the most obvious one? “What about Dean and Castiel?” She knows the moment it comes out, that it’s the wrong thing to say. Dean clams up, turning to dump his coffee in the sink. Castiel glares at her before turning to Dean, to assess the damage.
He hates himself. For caving and buying that book. For keeping it a secret and thinking that everything would be okay. This is
“Stop. Stop. You’re making it worse, I think.” That seems to make Cass even sadder as he looks down to his hands dejectedly.
“You don’t have to say anything.” He assures, not wanting him to think that this is an interrogation. “But I know something is bothering you and… you usually talk to me about this stuff.”
“I remember Crowley.” Dean says, “And I gotta admit, minus the part where you manipulated me into getting the Mark of Cain and then bailed on us, things were good. You weren’t a control freak like Sam… except near the end - ” ‘you don’t leave like Cass does.’
“Cass.” He coos, “It’s going to be fine. Dean is coming back in less than a minute.”  If he prays hard enough.
To say Cass looks stricken is an understatement. He looks as though he would rather die than even think of spending a night at Dean’s side.
Castiel can’t believe his eyes as Crowley rips the blade out, letting his lifeless body drop to the floor listlessly.
This time, they find a version of Cass alone in an empty grave yard. He stands stiffly before a tombstone, his trench-coat billowing and blocking the writing. Michael coughs and Castiel jumps back to stare at them in shock.
“I tried so hard.” He says, sounding the slightest bit bitter. “And you were able to do it in no time.”
Pulling back, he suddenly finds it hard to look Dean in the eye. The plea in Dean’s voice is almost enough to convince him that he’s done something horrible wrong. But the reaction Dean’s genitalia had given suggests otherwise. Even now, he can see the slightly raised part on his pants. His ministrations
Dean’s reaction is what he’s scared of. Now, that he knows that Dean may have feelings, his reaction will hurt all the more when Dean finally figures it out. Casiel wants to keep his cards close till then.
Dean sighs, shutting the freezer door without retrieving anything. He faces Sam and crosses his arms. “You know.”
But they turn sweet as Dean’s lips brush against his, tantalisingly slow. Castiel can’t help the tears that flood his eyes. He presses them shut, not wanting to ruin the moment. If Dean asks, he’ll tell him the truth: that these are happy tears stemming from a decade of never knowing.
“Then why didn’t you let me pleasure you?” The question is so innocent that Dean’s brain takes a moment to figure out what he really means.
“Cass! Help me get the bed frame – ” Dean makes a gurgling sound and almost trips over himself trying to get the scissors away from Cass. “What are you doing!?”
Sam blinks at him in disbelief. But as the seconds elapse, his expression becomes excited. “Why is the washer always full? Why is Cass washing his clothes all of a sudden?”
Michael reaches out, ruffling his hair playfully. It’s a gesture that Adam taught him meant that one is joking.
Nodding, Sam seems lost in thought, “Everyone I have is looking. All the hunters. Mom. Jack. Me.” he glares at Dean with steely determination. “We will find something.”
Dean is stunned. Everything looked fine. The speed, the grip. Dragging his eyes up from his friend’s dick, he focuses on his eyes instead. “Maybe you’re too in your head about it.” Dean says with a shrug.
“Dean.” Dean blows out a breath, shifting as his own pants begin to tighten. It doesn’t mean anything, he reminds himself. When you hear someone – anyone – moan your name so wantonly, you’re bound to pop a boner.
Turns out that they all head to the convention. Sam, Dean and Castiel go as themselves and Mary goes as Ellen.
Touching Dean’s clothes, he remembers the memories that came with them. Him and Dean dressing up like cowboys for a case. He still isn’t entirely sure that was necessary, but Castiel went along anyway… because it made Dean happy. Or the shirt he’d worn when they finally found him while he was possessed by Michael. The one he wore to Jack’s funeral… the one he wore to Mary’s
Dean replaces the trench coat and the pearl and then welcomes Cass back into his room jubilantly. Swirling him around and letting him bounce on his bed.
Loud screaming fills the car and Castiel stares in bewilderment even as Dean slams the radio off with enough force to snap the knob off. Castiel is horrified. This is Baby. Dean’s baby. He won’t hurt her. He must have done something wrong… oh, he’d touched her.
Even the mighty Dean Winchester is powerless in the face of such adorableness. He pushes himself up slowly and holds his hand out. Cass grins and places the cup into Dean’s hand, watching him like a hawk even as he screws his face up in distaste. He doesn’t budge until Dean drains the last drop.
Dean keeps silent. He knows Cass well enough to know that he hasn’t spilled what’s really bothering him.
Dean just shrugs. It’s supposed to be nonchalant, but Castiel can make out the stiffness in his shoulders.
He grins and sits back giggling, trying to point out the never to be seen phenomenon to Sam who remains – as he is in most things – completely and utterly oblivious.
His bones have decayed to dust by now. The continents have probably shifted so much that Sam’s gravesite  had scattered across the globe. Who knew. Maybe molecules of Sam were floating around just outside their little barrier. It makes him nauseous.
Dean finds no trace of the angel’s presence. No trench-coated figure in the distance. No gruff, baritone voice snapping at him. Just a whole road of nothing.
When it finally sinks in that Dean isn’t coming back for the night, he allows himself to make his way back to the bunker.
Y'all know I have like tonnes of works that I update. My biggest fear is that I put a chapter in the wrong place.
He can’t believe that he sent Jack to try to manipulate him too! Where does it end? Next he’ll try sending Sam. Or mom. Dean scowls. He’d just about explode if that happened. The fact that the kid snatched some of his bacon doesn’t help any.
She almost bursts into laughter as she imagines stoic Castiel wearing a cow bell.  “Dinner’s ready.” She says instead. Mary still isn’t as comfortable around Castiel as her sons. She suspects that it has something to do with the many years they’d already spent together. Angels were watching over her boys… well, at least, one seemingly loyal one.
Dean makes it two inches down the driveway before he jumps out of the moving car and races back up the stairs. Sam doesn’t make out what happens next, because, he’s too busy yanking up the handbrakes to stop the moving car. But when he looks up next, he finds Dean holding the duffel, Cass skipping down the path and Jody waving them goodbye.
“No.” Dean blurts. “I was just… shocked. I thought that it was just… look it doesn’t matter. Not everyone has the same taste. It’s perfectly normal for guys to like different stuff, even guys who are best friends. So don’t let me discourage you. Stick to your guns.”
If you'd prefer reading the (I want to say happier but it's not) less depressing version you can find it here:
Sam leans forward angrily reaching for Dean’s collar. “Why does it always have to be you two? Why can’t Cass and I ever team up?”
What had possessed him to think that Dean wouldn’t stay angry and that Cass wouldn’t sulk around, probably just waiting for Dean to cheer up.
“Just for a day.” Sam says. “There’s a case. And if you can’t remember, that’s what we do. Saving people, hunting things, the family business. Not searching for Cass, hunting down every lead we can find, the shady business.”
I know that Jack is really the one who's going to kill Chuck, but I kind of like this one with him and Amara even though I don't think it's happening.
Unluckily for him, when he tries to evade Sam’s jab at his midsection, his hand jostles the case, and the DVD comes sliding out.
“Alright Dean.” Sam laughs, more in relief that his brother isn’t dead rather than at Dean’s meager attempt at a joke. “I’m glad you’re… somewhat okay.” He says, “I’ll start looking for a way to get you back.”
But then it’s back; the cheeky smirk and the twinkle in his eye. “Love me some pie.” He says, stabbing the perfectly crunchy crust with his own fork.
What if they get stuck up there? That always happens in those chick flick movies. He doesn’t know if he’d be able to survive that. And the sheer embarrassment about freaking out in front of Cass…
“Why haven’t you used it?” Sam snaps. “Or if – for some miraculous reason – you couldn’t smash it. Give it to me. I’ll do it.”
How can one human bathe for so long? An hour had passed and Dean still sat in the bathtub, surrounded by a fleet of bubbles. Castiel knows that, because he’d peeked in, worried that Dean had managed to drown himself. Instead all that he saw was Dean, sitting there with one hand languidly stimulating his penis.
“Okay.” Dean says trying to find his bearings after the jump. “Only a few days should have passed since Chuck nabbed Sam.”
“Cass.” He can hear the regret in Dean’s voice. “That isn’t true. I was just so angry. I didn’t know – the things coming out of my mouth just – I couldn’t stop. It’s a shitty excuse but that – that’s just how I am.”
Castiel scoffs at that. It’s typical Dean to not consider himself enough. If they do try this – and even if they don’t – Castiel is going to make Dean feel loved. Feel like he’s enough.
“I know.” Dean says quickly.  He doesn’t want Cass thinking that he doesn’t want to do this. He does. Sort of. It’s just that he wishes he was more prepared. But asking for a banana to practice on at this stage is out of the question.
Michael’s jump is just as sudden as always; no regard to the fact that Dean just threw up his liver in ‘Dean and Cass land.’ Of course, Cass had turned out to be Cassie, but wow, the shock had almost killed him. He thought that maybe this trip could give him and Cass some time to mend their wounds and find each other again. But seeing their greatest hits plastered across each time line only reminds him of their countless mistakes.
His happy expression cracks as he spots Cass lying immobile in the corner. Amara had tossed him to protect him from Chuck, who seemed intent on dragging him into prison with him. Dean had just expected him to be okay. He’d completely forgotten that his powers were failing and that he was just as frail as a human now.
Dean’s reaction – or lack of reaction – is telling. This is serious. Dean doesn’t even crack a joke or look annoyed. His face remains set a mask of fear.
He kicks the door in, but not even that stops the noise. Aziraphale winces at his side, but trails behind him as he enters.
Gabriel lurches out of the fire then, dashing through the flames in a way that defies all that Castiel knows to be true. Castiel looks up at Dean who is watching the scene play out with bated breath. He’s so focused that he doesn’t notice Castiel staring at him.
“You went through my stuff.” He hisses. “And – and then I went to confront you and I saw the pearl and – you ruined
“What is it?” he exhales in defeat. If Cass is really intent on doing this… Dean can’t deny him his last wish.
“Not just yet.” Crowley hisses. A ringing metallic noise draws Castiel’s attention to the angel blade in Crowley’s grasp. No, he realises, looking closer – it’s clearly made of the same material as the angel blade, but the design is different; the blade is serrated.
He hates Cass, for the same reason. For being naive, thinking that good things could happen without some sort of backlash. He hates him for being the one brave enough to confess.
“Man, you’re fun.” It sounds lame and he knows it, but it’s the best bit encouragement he can offer.
to leave you.” Cass protests, clearly realising that Dean must really be hurt by Cass leaving for him to even bother mentioning it. Meanwhile, Sam chooses to think of the ‘you’ as a general statement. “Sometimes after a case, I felt like you and Sam wanted me to leave.”
Grabbing his anger by the neck, he uses it as a barrier between him and Michael. It works. His head hurts less and his teeth aren’t constantly grinding together. Dean wilts in relief.
He’d doubt himself forever if he used the book. If he’s doing this, he’s going to do it right and whatever feelings that come – Dean knows they will be natural.
The beet still sits there mocking him. Castiel wants nothing more than to make it explode, but this is Dean’s grand gesture. He knows how much it really means. Romance and Dean don’t mix well, yet he remembered this and he’s
Dean’s throat feels clogged, overwhelmed by this unnervingly accurate introspection into the way he has sex. It’s true, of course, but slightly off-putting that Cass knows so much and is confident about saying it.
He peeps through the back window. Staring at the empty seats is what really propels his panic. What ignites it though? That would be the empty parking spot right across from Baby.
Next time we'll see if Dean decides to answer any of them or if he's going to try a new method of distraction (one a little more tantalizing than kissing 0:)
Cass was willing to die. Because he has nothing left to live for. And Dean is keeping him trapped in here like his own personal venting machine. It isn’t fair. It
When Dean remains on the ground Castiel realises it’s because he’s crying… sobbing actually. His heart skips a beat. It isn’t the kind of crying that comes with a physical injury… but an emotional one.
Sam just laughs again though, oblivious to their silent conversation. “Dean, you really had me thinking that you two were in some kind of secret relationship or something.”
Turns out he doesn’t have to stress about that, because after a few seconds – some of the longest seconds of his life – Cass finally melts into him, his lips becoming pliant under his own.
He doesn’t think he’s in love with Cass because his feelings are different to that with Lisa and Cassie. But then again, things hadn’t worked out well with those two. He left… for Sam and Cass. What does that say for his willingness to put his own confusion aside and try to work something out with Cass. There isn’t any other friend who he’d even consider doing that for. What does that say about him? His feelings? Were all his other relationships just substandard or is what he has with Cass something outside the realm of friendship?
Dean’s face is the picture of impassiveness. His voice, when he speaks, is harsh and tempered as though addressing him with barely veiled anger. “Like he said. It’s your grace; your choice.”
Castiel sips his drink as Dean plonks next to him. His own glass is filled to the brim, though, not with whiskey. He’s trying some of Sam’s homemade pineapple juice. At first, he insisted that the possibility of boiling the skin sounded atrocious. But Sam did it anyway and added some sugar and spice.
Michael glances between Dean and Cass and shrugs. “Adam is like you. He prefers burgers and pizza. But I know humans also enjoy this sort of sustenance so I suggested it and Adam agreed to try it.” Michael smirks. “I think he quite likes it.”
The angel seems amused by this. “You know I always come when you call, Dean.” He says simply. “That will never change.”
'You're dead to me.' Words that shook him to his core. 'You're Dead to me ' words worse than Cass could even imagine. Worse than death, worse than the Empty. Because he could escape those things. But Dean's hatred... his hatred is far reaching and stubborn.
Dean needs a way to make things seem as platonic as possible. The idea he has is unorthodox in the strangest of ways.
Hmm. That’s a good one. Dean wanted him to shut up cause he kept asking questions that annoyed him. No, they didn’t so much annoy him as make him unbearable uncomfortable. But why is that? And what had possessed him to kiss Cass out of the blue like that.
After dinner is finished, Dean sits quietly in contemplation while Castiel dumps the plates in the sink. Dean had learned a lot about him through their conversations. No doubt this universe is vastly different to theirs. This Castiel is a lot more sure of himself for one. And he isn’t afraid to call Dean out on his shit.
“It’s because you don’t respond well to weakness.” The way Cass says it strikes a chord within Dean. His tone is defeated yet angry – angry with Dean for being so coarse that he can’t accept simple affection. Not that he doesn’t want to accept it… he
“Cass.” He calls. When Cass doesn’t answer Dean contemplates tossing his dirty sock on the angel’s head. His aim is good enough to do it and he’s pretty sure
“That’s what you pick out from this.” He grumbles. “Mom… I need to know that I can tell you these things without you amounting it to me being in love with Cass.”
He rolls his eyes, “Now you sound like Sam. Relax. I’ve been doing this stuff for years. I’m fine, and I’ll continue to be fine.”
“Oh.” He mumbles. He doesn’t get as close as Dean had, but looking at those unjudging eyes settles his nerves a bit.
Cass has been surprisingly calm throughout the entire ordeal. Not expressing more emotion than necessary and remaining almost completely silent. It’s only when they’re at the door, when the final good byes are said, that Sam sees his face crack and his emotions spill out.
Michael sighs. “You are correct. Perhaps we should head back to our earth. There are only two possibilities: they’ve returned without us and Chuck has found them or Chuck found them first, plucked them from this world. Either way, they are unsalvageable.”
“What’s that supposed to mean.” Dean’s world was slowly tilting off it’s axis. He’d started out with good intentions and the promise to handling this right. Now everything was spiralling out of control. All the problems that they had allowed to fester were stinking and turning the air between them rotten.
Right now, it makes me happy.” Because Dean isn’t pushing him away, because they don’t have the weight of the world on their shoulders, “We’re free Dean… free to be you and me.”
Sam looks uncertain but tries to smooth out his expression. “I hope so. We don’t know what he went through in there… you know. And it’s Dean.” He chuckles wryly, “The king of brushing stuff off with bad jokes and movie quotes.”
Sam stares at his phone pensively. Cass had promised to Cass as soon as they got to the bunker. Which should have been an hour ago. Sam’s mind is going wild with the possibilities. Kidnapping. Death. Bring run off the road. That had happened more times than he liked to think about.
Dean blows out a harsh breath. He’s still worn out from the emotional upheaval from earlier; all the things he had said – and didn’t say.
Sam is just about ready to pitch a fit when Dean and Cass casually roll in hours later than they should have. The words die on his tongue though as the scent hits him. It’s … flowery? He exhales sharply wanting to make sure is isn’t hallucinating the smell. Nope. Still there and getting stronger by the minute. It’s almost like it’s seeping from their skin.
For the most part, Dean listens silently, letting him get it all out, his expression turning darker with each passing word.
only one Winchester to survive, to live his life in solitude, knowing that even though they saved the world, they would have still failed their brother. It’s the perfect ending really. Happy yet angst-y. But now I’m dying.” He says bitterly. “And in some perverse way, I can still
She hums in sympathy. “His feelings are clear.” She pauses to stare at Dean, in that cute, lost puppy way. Just like the real Cass does. “You see it perfectly yet
He remembers the look on Dean’s face when he told him what Michael did to him. Drowning him endlessly. He presumes that’s why Dean though it suitable payback to drown Michael for an eternity.
But he can’t even spend time with them when ever step means exertion when every bout of laughter means he loses one more strand of control.
Knees creaking, as though in protest of his decision Dean lowers himself into the seat once more. Shaking his head, he stares down at his empty cup, trying to summon the will to get up again. But what’s the point? All this time, he’s been searching for Cass and now that he’s finally found him, Cass wants nothing to do with him.
And watching Cass play around with his come like a kid with slime doesn’t help his confusion any. His mind is still reeling from the orgasm and Cass sticking his fingers into his mouth is maddening.
“Good.” Cass hand moves to his head, his fingers, running through Dean’s hair. His face moves infinitesimally closer. Dean knows what comes next. It’s inescapable, really, so Dean takes the plunge, pressing his lips against Cass’ for what could be the last time.
Cass is fuming, mom is damn near hysterical and Dean feels frozen. Sam, to his credit, seems to be the only one with a cool head. “Mom, we talked about this.” That had? “What happened to us having some time to relax?
Dean’s eyes flit down, eyeing Cass’ boner in the dim lights. “No way.” He says immediately. “This isn’t my usual area of expertise.”
The bunker doesn’t have them either. It was made as a base for a professional organisation who had bigger concerns than having bubble baths.
“You’re blaming me for his!” Castiel’s voice is incredulous. How could Dean blame him for something like this; clearly his body is rejecting him without his grace.
Sam scoffs. “So you think Dean and Cass getting together will bring world peace?” That doesn’t seem like something Crowley would concern himself with.
“That sounds nice Sam.” Cass says sincerely. “And thank you for all your help today. When we get back, I’m going to state my position. I’ll tell Dean what I expect from this and encourage him to do the same. I don’t want to live in a bubble anymore.”
He’s been silent for most of their stay. Cass tells him that the box has a power dampener which is why he needs to sleep now.
Narrowing his eyes, he tries to figure out a response. The implication is unmistakable. How many times does he have to sing the same song?
“You do know.” Crowley infers, pausing to stare at him strangely. “I bet you love it. The notion that these books exist intrigues you. You want them as much as I do,” Crowley says lowly.
“I don’t think you’re getting it, Cass.” Dean bites out, his emotions quickly beating back his pleasant attitude. “We’re family. If you die – when you died, I could barely function.” Cass throws him a skeptical look.
“What’s wrong Cass.” Dean’s voice is calm, despite having been screamed at. “You’re okay. This is real. I am real.”
The mark is slowly turning his best friend into a monster. And Dean is steadfastly ignoring the signs. For once, Sam seems to be following his lead, if only not to creat new problems for them to solve.
Cass must also realise the sanctity of Dean’s room, since he doesn’t break the door down. That room is the one place Dean can choose who he talks to and how he interacts. No one in their right mind would take that away from him for a selfish reason.
It’s a Monday so the park is completely empty which is why Dean is acting even more Dean-like than usual.
On their way to the Impala Dean realises this plans for their  brate are basically a date. He taking Cass to the God dammed fair. And all because – maybe he’d enjoy it enough to write about it on a napkin and stash it in his secret box.
Those last few hours with Dean had been magical. Something he had longed for since that night at the strip club. And as euphoric as it had been, he can’t seem to stave off the niggling sensation of inadequacy that followed.
“Yes.” Sam simpers. “You promised that dinner tonight would be about hanging out with us, not wetting your dick.”
Castiel stabs the other Dean immediately, smiling as he falls to the ground, his mouth gaping like a fish.
Sam kicks a box across to him, rattling the items inside. Curious, he bends to pick it up and freezes.
Now Crowley’s here to get Dean back and he has the perfect ammunition to sink him with. Crowley already has more sexual experience with Dean than he does. An orgy. Dean never mentioned that but then again, he never mentions details from him demon days if he can help it.
Sam’s actions must have some effect because Dean sags in his grasp, his chin digging into Sam’s shoulder, his hands slowly rising to return his embrace.
Cass raises his other hand and rests it gently over Dean’s. “I want this.” He says and Dean can tell he means it. “I enjoyed being human.” He pauses a moment, a nostalgic smile slipping onto his face. “Just keep a bottle of honey nearby.”
Snuggling down into this bed once more, he tries to latch onto his fatigue and let it drag him into unconsciousness.
“Thank you.” he says brightly. “I’ve kept it in mint condition for many years.” he looks Castiel up and down. “Your style is very… reserved.”
Maintaining his gaze, Dean opens his mouth in an attempt to reply, then closes it. This continues a few more times before he manages to get more than a gurgle out.
He checks his phone only to see that Sam has left him a text: ‘managed to pin Dean’s call to you.’ and a separate text with the coordinates. Castiel clenches his fingers on the phone simultaneously feeling over the moon and hating himself.
“Cut the crap, Cass!” Dean knows he’s being insensitive, but it’s not something he’s really known for anyway.
The words and the intonation behind them sends chills dancing through Castiel’s body. His body relaxes into Dean’s and he murmurs. “I love you too Dean.”
Sam rolls his eyes and stands. He completely forgot that Cass doesn’t sleep. He’ll have to find some way to keep him amused while Dean gets some rest. He knows just how cranky Dean can be if he doesn’t sleep.
“Excuse me!” Chuck snaps, gesturing to Sam. “We’re in the middle of something. Why don’t you just go back to sleep?”
Crowley grins smugly at him, leaning against the wall to face him. “Finders keepers, losers weepers,” He taunts, waving the book to emphasize his point.
All of a sudden it seems so foolishly childish. That he went in to check for a paper as though it was proof that Cass likes him.
“Hello, Dean.” He tries to keep his voice even, not wanting the hunter to think that Castiel has no faith in him. He does. He trusts him the most. He’d fallen for him. Castiel has no doubts that Dean would hold on long enough for him and Sam to find another way.
Cass had taken his words in stride. As though they had no bearing on his life anymore. As if his time with Dean was already cut from the cloth of his existence.
Mary glares at him as things click into place. Sam and Dean explained this to her before they went to that convention. The ship and Dean and Castiel and the ‘just set sail’ part refers to their new relationship. That means that they’re working things out. Mary’s happiness is disrupted by her desire to strangle this creature. “You did something to Dean and Castiel.”
What if Dean had been sparing his feelings by not telling him that Sam is the one he needs to leave for? It certainly wouldn’t be the first time.
Crowley swallows the rest of his sentence as Gabriel slams himself down on his cock, swallowing it in one thrust. He almost forgot how much fun sex can be with supernatural creatures who can heal instantly.
Why do people seem to like this position? He wonders bitterly as he twists his head, angling to find a better view of Dean.
The set-up is a funeral. Not a hunter’s funeral but a more traditional one. But, the thing is, there’s no body to be seen. And in Castiel’s knowledge, for a funeral, you need a corpse. They’re all wearing tuxes for some reason, too. Dean forced them all into the tight outfits, calling it ‘necessary.’
Well, Dean thinks it’s a mistake and scratches at the page with a nervous chuckle. “Sorry,” he mutters. “I just got lost in the joy of list-making.”
Cass will come right. He usually does when Dean prays to him. But as the minutes drag on, Dean finds himself believing it less and less. In fact it reminds him of the time when they’d gotten into a fight, then Cass had disappeared for months… held captive in a lucid dream by the devil. It reminds him of all the promises he had broken and the trust he had absued.
But he feels compelled to answer, spell or not. Dean had looked for him the instant he realized something was amiss. That’s all Castiel had hoped for. Maybe he can tell him now, explain that he was tricked in almost an identical way, only his was a siren, who enchanted him with sex.
He managed to piece together how Dean lost his leg. It sends chills down his spine to this very moment. And it could happen again. Or something worse. Something that he wouldn’t be able to bring Dean back from.
That, had led him to the conclusion that he’s trapped. Most likely in a djinn created world. This happened to Dean once… the real Dean, and he’d managed to escape after killing himself. The strangest thing is that Castiel cannot fathom why a djinn would come after him, much less fabricate an entire intricate, illusion world where he isn’t even happy. Djinns are supposed to keep their victim happy by giving them their greatest fantasy while slowly draining their life force away. Castiel is beyond certain that his dream life doesn’t involve being tricked by multiple Dean’s and emotionally abusing himself.
Dean hadn’t dared crack his eyelids open. He could bare to see those once vibrant blue eyes, turn dull and inert.
“Oh angel.” Crowley groans. “What’s done is done. I’m pretty sure I can miracle you any classic you desire.”
Following the hunter’s lead, Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s head. He figures it’s the same as his mouth, just less wet.
Castiel is baking Dean a pie. Crowley even summoned a mini fan to push the smell throughout the house. At this point, he’s pretty sure that even the flowers in the garden are exuding a scent of pie.
Dean’s heart clenches. He can’t imagine being in such a horrible situation. Never being able to see Cass, and when he does, it’s only for one night, before he gets possessed all over again.
Pretty sure he’s just either gone deaf or is currently in a djinn induced fantasy land, Sam shakes himself. Glancing around the car, he can tell that no one had heard. “What?” before Cass can even respond he slams his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Because he told me.” Castiel whispers, ashamed. If he’s telling Dean the truth, he isn’t going to do it half-assed. “I agreed to help him and in exchange, he’d keep the origin of my book a secret.”
“You must be hungry.” Dean surmises, “I know I am.” He pats his belly and winks to Cass so casually before he trots down the stairs that Sam is left reeling.
“From what I can tell, our timelines were basically the same at the start… when he says he fell in love.”
But suddenly he’s flying, bones rattling as his body hits the concrete, but even that he feels numb to. With one last lingering,
Cass’ expression is pinched as he mulls over Sam’s words. It’s nice to know that he could help at least and take some of the pressure off.
Dean throws their hands up and tries to march off, only to realise that Castiel isn’t moving. He rolls his eyes and regards Sam calmly. “Sam. I know you forgot about this. And that this is an honest mistake. But you have to reverse the spell.”
Dean is on his bed, in almost the exact position as before. His eyes are closed and they don’t open upon their arrival.
“We would.” Castiel’s eyes lock with his.  The words Dean had whispered to him running through his brain like a song on endless repeat. “Dean…” His eyes plead with Dean to understand. To be brave enough to – to be the first one to say it this time.
Castiel warily observes Dean. He’s obviously lying to him, about something, he still isn’t sure. Alarms are sounding in his head and he’s learned to never ignore them. But, he supposes, even if Dean is lying to him, would he really care? He’s here with Dean. On a case no less. He couldn’t expect a warmer welcome.
“There’s nothing anyone can do to take that fear away Cass.” He says gently. “Not me and not even Dean. You’ve got to be willing to live with the risk.”
“No!” he says quickly, then presses a hand to his head. “I feel… strange. Like my skin isn’t mine. I mean, it isn’t mine, but it feels like I’m bursting from the seams.”
be Cass’ doing. Sam fondly remembers the salty pie that Dean devoured. He still doesn’t get how his brother made it through the first bite – Sam hadn’t, and his love of pie isn’t nearly as profound as Dean’s.
“Hunting?” Castiel echoes. He feels a chill in his bones, which is impossible, because his grace is back.
He doesn’t want to think of Sam, who had to kill his brother just to save the world – to convince Chuck to leave. He hated every second of their deliberation, going so far as to try and stop them. But Dean knows him well. His trap backfired and Castiel was the one trapped in a ring of holy fire.
“Cass…” he trails off, unsure. All he’d asked of Dean was honesty. It should be easy, he trust Cass with his life. But how can he tell Cass about something he hasn’t even admitted to himself. It would do more harm than good really, Cass would somehow find a way to blame himself. It’s the Winchester way really; blame yourself for things you have no control over. It’s one of the things he wishes Cass hadn’t picked up from them.
“I’m getting sick of this car.” Dean says, slapping the Impala harshly, his face is set in hard lines and his grip is slack on the wheel; almost as though he’s disgusted by the car.
“Oh, your cheese and bread sandwich?” Sam asks rhetorically. “Were you going to get a slice of bread to put between the cheese?”
Clenching his jaw, he looks away. Shit. If Michael really is dead, then this is their only chance to get back.
He currently has Cass lugging as many angel lore books as he can into the Impala. If they do manage to confine Michael, it won’t be for long… and they definitely won’t be able to stay.
Even as Sam huffs an unwilling laugh, Castiel suddenly wants nothing more than to strangle Dean Winchester.
“Of course.” He says, lessening his grip into something gentler. “But you’re mad at me.” It feels necessary to remind Dean of this in his current state of intoxication.
He never told Dean, and he doesn’t plan to now. He has more than enough to worry about with his arthritis and general old person problems. He knows that they won’t be parted forever, just a few hours for the most. Yet the thought still causes his eyes to sting.
Slowly he backs up, letting himself slide out, taking off the condom he’s somehow had the strength of mind to put on and shoved it in his pocket. The girl straightens her dress and walks unsteadily back into the bar.
Who knew fun could be so draining. After participating in numerous games and activities, Dean is bushed. Cass looks more alive than ever and he’s definitely enjoying it here.
He finds the child sitting cross-legged on the floor still wearing his bee pyjamas and intently staring at the door. He glances up and waves at Sam in greeting then returns to staring at the door. Glancing at his watch, he sighs, it’s almost ten. Dean’s most likely sleeping in after his undoubtedly long night.
“Mhh.” He moans against Cass lips. Dean places his hands on Cass’ shoulders to steady himself. “So good.”
It just made no sense.  Had the simulation somehow managed to mimic Dean flawlessly? Had it put him in a case but got some noodles crossed in the process?
“I kept asking you these things because I was…” he swallows, pausing his pacing to look over at Dean nervously. “I was hoping you felt the same way.”
That’s right. When all is said and done, Castiel will have a nice little memento of Dean’s shrieks. That’ll teach Dean not to slam pies into his face.
He shakes his head, wondering if he should even ask his next question. Cass could laugh at him… but would it really be so bad, he wonders. “So um…” he begins, eloquent as ever, “You got some technique there Cass. The things you did there with your tongue... wow! I mean, I’m a master and you had my head spinning.”
Castiel tries, he really tries to visualise the room fully furnished, but he can’t get his mind to stray from Dean’s jubilant, exposed expression of child-like joy. He’s never seen his friend like this. Even when he had been happy it always seemed as though he held some small part of himself back. Now it was out in the open, dancing around this empty room, and Castiel.
Castiel comes back to himself in a blur of panic and pain. The first thing he feels is the heat, creeping into his skin, caging him in place. Next, he hears Dean’s voice, coming from somewhere to his left.
Dean remembers the confession that flowed from his lips last night. He knows he’d never be able to say such a thing in the daylight.
“No,” he says after a brief pause. “I… I thought staying away would help. That seeing you would remind me of
Sam remembers his brother, seizing on the floor. Neither of them understanding why or how this could have happened. “He started… having these seizures.” He isn’t about to tell Cass that moments of affection brought them on. He can spare his friend that one indignity.
Damnit he forgot about Cass. He’s dropped the cup and tears are running down his cheeks. This time, not even Dean’s words are enough to calm him. He sits not one foot away from the shards of broken glass, wailing and shoving Dean away. He tries and tries to talk to him but nothing breaks though his grief.
Just as he opens his mouth, Adam’s hand covers it. He shakes his head sadly. “I don’t want to coerce it out of you.” Adam admits. “I wanted you to trust me.”
Is it pity? Dean wonders to himself. After seeing first-hand what they could be like together, he’s no longer disgusted by the implication as he had been in the world with him and Cassie. Now that he thinks about it, it had been
Almost shaking with anticipation, he tries to remain as still and as silent as possible. It will all be for naught if Dean walks in and catches a glimpse of his head or a leg that’s sticking out.
“Before… all of this.” Castiel waves his hands around, gesturing to the room. “I just wanted to be with Dean. Spend time with him. He’s was my best friend – still is. I’d do anything for him. But I never thought of doing those things with him, until that night.”
At the start of the charge, Castiel had been certain that he could do it. He’s observed Dean’s technique many times. He’d added everything to the egg mix. Even salt. Glumly, he stares at the blackened mess that looks nothing like Dean’s beautiful, golden eggs.
He faces Mary, “Come on mom, we don’t need to dance around it, I’m not Dean.” He says, “I know she’s my ex-wife and that must freak you out, but I wasn’t in my right mind when it happened so it wasn’t really my fault.”
Why is it always about an animal or cloud? Why can’t it be about something he actually knows? Like loading a gun?
Eyes widening, Cass stands abruptly. “You said – Dean. He was affected by this. We have to check on him.” Cass vanishes around the corner almost instantly.
His brother looks as though Sam’s betrayed him. But he hadn’t. Dean will understand when his gut reaction anger fades.
“Okay.” Jody says, all business now. Sam feels some of his worry dissipate. Jody will help him fix this. Dean will be back. “We’ll do one last sweep of this place then we’ll get to work on scouring the earth for a Winchester and an angel.”
Reaching around him, Dean opens the Impala’s passenger door and gestures for him to get inside. Castiel doesn’t miss the way Dean’s fingers tremble and how jerkily he moves into the driver’s seat. Dean’s nervousness only heightens his dread.
“Oh no, Juliet won’t eat him.” Crowley hums, “Well, she might do a fair bit of licking, but that’s beside the point. The real favor would be allowing the world to see you in those glasses.”
He huffs and tries to head to the Impala… to get more witch killing bullets in case they come back to finish the job. But then he remembers… Cass…
“Out.” He snaps, “We need supplies and since you’re so concerned about everything why don’t you come with. Pick up a few tips from the master.”
So that means those constipated looks might actually be constipation. Dean has a field day with that, diving into the mechanics of angel digestion. Cass is surprisingly animate about it.
“I – ” Dean looks up at her helplessly and her heart breaks. She wants nothing more than to hold him tight and tell him that nothing is wrong. “I don’t know. I need to think about it.”
“Castiel can grant a finite number of wishes every hundred years before being sucked into the lamp again.”
The angel leans in closer and Dean wishes he’d just melt so that the spray would carry him down the drain and away from this constant probing stare. “You know why I like looking at you Dean?” the angel asks.
He turns to take up his spot on the couch when Mary sees it… the trench-coat’s tag. Mary knows that the angel doesn’t bathe or change outfits so how in God’s name is the trench-coat inside out.
Dean is right. Sam is the one who has a chance of recovering from this. He can have a life, move on.
He’s startled out of his reverie. Instantly he looks away from Dean planting his attention instead on his still full plate.
“Did you think that my perfect child would ever betray me?” Chuck chuckles, “Would you ever do that to your father… before Castiel feel in love with you, that is?”
With that, he walks over to the record player, his hand turning over the track that Dean had selected.
It’s as though Sam’s watching the greatest magic act to ever exist. His mind is on edge, his breathing is unsteady and he has a healthy amount of fear that it won’t end as it should.
Gabriel shuts his eyes but remains relatively still as Crowley slowly separates the metallic thread from his lips.
“Me being around you so often heightens your chances of being killed.” He whispers. “Dean, I could kill you.”
The angel just shrugs. “I was just thinking out loud.” He murmurs. By the far away tone of his voice he’s still thinking… and Dean needs to put a stop to that.
Uh, Dean likes lots of tongue. No teeth. Um, deep-throating… which Cass had done like a pro. He isn’t sure he can get Cass’ dick that far without gagging and choking in the most embarrassing way. But then Cass won’t know it’s embarrassing cause he hasn’t done this before.
He stops walking, as though trying to figure it out himself, “It’s like the saying ‘made with love.’ I can
“Who else would take care of her?” his eyes are trained on Dean. “I wax her just like you taught me. I don’t ride the brakes. Or wrench the steering wheel when I take a sharp corner.”
Dean is silent for a moment, his mind still reeling. “I have faith Cass.” He says at last. “You taught me how to.”
Castiel presses himself firmly to the wall. The concrete digs into his back. If he were still human, this would be thoroughly uncomfortable. On the other side of the gate, Dean is in the same position- he must be very uncomfortable.
“You said… what you said before…” Cass trials off, as though he, too, can’t put a name to his emotions.
Frowning, Castiel wonders how she knows Dean’s cheeks are sweet. She isn’t in Dean’s usual age range, but the older Winchester was always surprising him.
What makes him suspicious, is that Michael has restricted them from speaking with Adam for the duration of his trip under the guise that it would endanger them. A flimsy excuse, if you ask him, but, of course, Dean hadn’t asked him.
Cass hadn’t even been thinking of that. But Dean definitely had… in fact he hadn’t stopped. Sure, he tried to convince himself otherwise, but the thought of what they had done lingered right in his periphery.
He remembers thinking, though, that this would be easy… that… something, something would happen. That part is a blur to him. No matter how hard he thinks or meditates, his mind simply won’t co-operate.
“Yeah.” It’s a whisper coated in a blanket of shame. Dean has to clear his throat before continuing, “It was good Cass.” He laughs, “It was awesome.”
Staring at the bottle of lube, he wonders how he’s supposed to get it onto Cass’ dick without crossing any more boundaries.
I'm sorry I haven't posted much recently, my laptop is broken and I won't be getting another one for about a month. I'll keep writing on my phone but updates will probably be slower because typing is harder on my phone. I'll do my best though.
“I like when you tell me things too.” He heard Dean whisper back. “I hope you remember that when you’re big again.” Then, “Do you remember? What it was like before?”
Dean stares at him, then sighs, running a hand down his face. “You’re right. I’m sorry. You’re not ours to command. But you can tell us things. Now and in the future. I don’t know what I would have done if you were standing next to me one moment and you just disappeared, never to be seen and heard from again.”
“When we saw him take you we knew the plan was compromised.” Crowley says, stamping out the flames that still surround Castiel. “So we managed to come up with something so cunning, that not even my brother could figure it out.”
“Squirrel and I had so much fun the last time we were together.” Crowley makes a faux pouty face. “We did extraordinary things to triplets, then, we almost did tee-shirts: Crowley and Dean, Together Forever.”
And, just like that, they’re back again. All thanks to an angel and a demon going at it in the back of a vintage car.
“Then don’t leave.” Dean says in a rush. The sadness and tears are gone but are now replaced by a feverish conviction. “If I start acting like a jackass, just knock my lights out. Just don’t leave.”
But Cass isn’t gone. He can’t be. The empty room tells a different story. Without Cass it feels bereft… like Dean.
Sam glances away. “I’m trying.” He murmurs. “This isn’t a decision to be taken lightly. I don’t want to cause any more damage. I just need a few seconds to psyche myself up.”
It can’t be Cassie… or Lisa. Who do they even know who has a name that long? Castiel is just about ready to jump into the grave any bury himself alive. He doesn’t
“Dean Winchester’s mind is a fickle thing,” he says evenly, slowly uncrossing his legs. It’s strange to see Dean’s body move like this. In almost choreographed steps, each one deliberate. Dean’s movements are usually free, his hands doing whatever they want, his posture bad. Michael is the definition of prim and proper.
Nothing to feel bad or guilty about; he’s just covering his bases. New information. Completely not spying or infringing Cass’ privacy.
Countless times, those words had been on the tip of his tongue. But something always held them back.  Now there’s nothing left for him to be scared of. Nothing left for him in this world at all.
Dean glances at Michael who seems utterly detached from them. Lost in his shrimp scampi or whatever. “Does Adam even like that?”
It's the simple things he does that shows he doesn't care. Like not making extra coffee for Castiel any more. Or speaking as though he isn't there. The most hurtful change though is the use of his real name.
“Wait.” Dean says suddenly, making his pause at the band of the other man’s underwear. Dean looks down at him uncertainly. “Maybe – maybe I should do you first. You said you wanted to learn.”
Where Dean once looked at him with concern and openness, his gaze is now filled with veiled animosity and a burning desire to get away as fast as possible.
But every time his eyes slip shut, Cass presses the pad of his thumb onto Dean’s eyelids, a silent command to open up.
. Sam squeezes his eyes shut, trying to think about a time when things were better. When Dean was here, by his side, ready to face all of heaven and hell with him.
Cass gestures to the new improved version that trails behind him and Dean notices it for the first time. “What the hell.” He mutters.
“It’s Cass.” Sam says. “You know, he’s been moping around your room for a while. Then he saw me and clammed up when I asked why he was here.”
Well, it all stemmed from him wanting to help and to spare Cass the pain and embarrassment of having to go through it alone.
Sam sighs and glances over to Cass. Let’s just say, if it were him, he’d be pretty pissed right about now. Cass though just inclines his head. “I know.”
“Look man, the sooner you tell us what’s what, the sooner we’re out of you and ghost Cass’ hair.” The wry expression on the other man’s face has him rolling his eyes.
The fact that Dean still had the energy and will to do even mundane tasks would forever amaze him. The older Winchester had been a role mode… a guide to being human. Castiel had never doubted his choice.
Crowley doesn’t get much more warning before he’s shoved deep into his pillow. Gabriel dominates his mouth, letting his hands roam, yanking at his hair and scratching up and down his torso. “Ugh.”
He gives a large, fake smile. “Yup, me and my pearly whites and my pearly cereal all know. And that pearl of a child we call Cass – he knows too.”
Sighing, Cass leans against the door, looking drained. Instead of answering, Cass just stares at him, his eyes searching Dean’s face. Dean hopes that he finds whatever it is he’s looking for. He just wants Cass to talk to him again with that look of gloom in his eyes.
Ducking his head, Dean blushes and rubs his neck. He knows how well – or not well – the older Winchester takes compliments.
Sam sits in silence, not even the sounds of Cass frolicking about in Dean’s room is enough to lift his spirits.
Can he? This is personal stuff. When Dean remains silent, Sam raises his eyebrow and glances at his watch then back to Dean. It’s like a game of chicken… that Dean can’t risk playing.
“I’m happy for you Dean.” He manages. He’s happy that Dean is happy and he’s sad that it can never be with him.
A multitude of emotions cross Dean’s face. They flash at such an alarming rate that Castiel can’t clearly discern any of them. He feels more wetness roll down his cheeks as his fear increases. Dean’s hatred had been his greatest fear but looking into his eyes, all he sees is emptiness.
Dean is silent and Sam feels like an actual bitch for eavesdropping on them but for some reason his feet remain rooted in place.
Cass seemed to really like them at one point. He fingers the stuffed toy, cringing at the too wide eyes. He tosses it in, along with a platypus and an octopus that sings.
Her confusion must show because the demon rolls his eyes. “You really are their mother.” He mutters. “Shipping. Ships. When you want two people to shag and then promise monogamy.”
But then if he gets Dean under his thumb, that would be a sort of power. Dean calls the shots. Controlling a Winchester would bring him major bragging rights and help solidify his place on the throne. If he has Dean wrapped around his finger, Sam won’t be left with many options.
Silently, he grasps the butt of the gun they keep hidden under the map table creeps forward with Cass on his six. He can’t help thinking that this is going to be like some morbid version of Goldilocks. Family of three go out and blonde girl sneaks into their home, eats their food, breaks their chairs and sleeps in their beds. When the family comes home, they murder the intruder and bury the body in the back yard.
“I’m only sleeping with Cass.” He blurts, causing Sam to make a choking noise, his eyes bulging out of his head. Dean is quick to correct his mistake. “I mean - we haven’t slept together - yet. But Cass is the only one I want to sleep with.” he adds for clarity, he doesn’t want Cass thinking that he’s not interested in pursuing a physical relationship
It isn’t fair. Cass had apparently been pining from afar for years, and now that he’s finally had the chance to express himself, Dean might just screw it up.
Oh God, the door knob is rattling and he hasn’t even made it past step two. He chucks his phone under the bed hoping that Cass is too distracted to notice the glow.
It’s unusually hot and Sam tugs at his collar almost immediately, his body wanting to get away from the heat.
He barely catches the guard’s last words as a loud, murderous scream pierces his ear drums. Dean immediately goes for his gun and he hears the slide of Cass’ angel blade as he, too, readies himself for the monster.
“Cass shut up!” it stuns Sam and it certainly stuns Cass who instantly stops crying. Dean bites his lip and looks away. “I’m sorry.”
Could that be why things were going so wrong? Because Cass had wished for something that involves the being in the Empty?
But Dean doesn’t even stop to look at him, he continues with a determined gait and hops into the Impala. Castiel surmises that he’s gone out for a drink, a hook-up perhaps.
“Then we’re having kale for dinner.” He says brightly, grinning when Dean looks stricken, “I mean, you
Castiel shakes his head. He should be as honest with Dean as possible. Show him that he’s not a liar anymore. Even if Dean refuses to help him, at least he would not have tricked him again.
“Come here you filthy bastard!” Dean growls as Sam scampers for a knife of his own.  “Where’s the real Cass?”
“I always wanted one.” Says Dean, “When I was a kid. Sure, the hotels had them but they looked so dirty, I was afraid I’d catch something.”
The angel just stares at him wide eyed, the magical pearl clutched tightly before a pop resounds and his trench-coat billows towards the floor.
How could it not have worked. His dick should have been exploding like a bazooka… Dean’s certainly had.
His fingers shake as he releases the cap on the vial. His grace heads straight for his mouth, as though being called home. Power fills him once more, like a bone that was splinted into position; stinging pain for a minute before being dulled by the rightness of the position.
“Dean?!” Castiel’s eyes dart from left to right. He’d hit his head earlier but he knows that there really are two Dean’s in front of him. His Dean is one of them. But he doesn’t know which.
When he’s finished, Dean can’t even look at him, he presses himself into the seat and glances out the window. Castiel can barely see his appearance in the reflection. He looks scared, betrayed,
thing. It’s personal. Like a diary. And Dean had gotten a good long look. Maybe Castiel doesn’t even have to worry about telling Dean how he feels. He must have figured something out from all his mementoes.
“An angel and a demon walk into a restaurant.” Dean rolls his eyes. “Sounds like the start of a really bad joke.”
Till he lost Cass. It had been somewhere between the tomatoes and the honey that he first noticed the lack of a trench-coated figure shadowing him.
They start out okay; Dean’s hand is around Cass waist and Cass’ are around his neck, but somewhere along the way they move closer. They’re still dancing to their very own song, oblivious to the world around them. They no longer hold themselves apart. Their formal positioning has deteriorated to them basically hugging each other and stepping from side to side.
Guilt washes over him as he sees Cass’ pinched expression. This is torture for the angel. Stuck with a human affliction that he knows nothing about. If Dean’s dick suddenly stood up and refused to go down without him knowing about sex, he’d be pretty peeved too.
It’s the only way Sam can describe the situation. Where Sam and Cass are close; Dean and Cass are inseparable (as both angel and child it seems). For Dean to go from friend to father must have been jarring. Though, his brother doesn’t seem to be moping or wallowing in booze and bacon to drown his loss. In fact, Dean seems to be the best father ever to Cass; taking care of him and pampering him endlessly. However, Cass doesn’t make things difficult either. The worst thing he does is be loud, or cry when Dean leaves and, of course, the Legos. Damn the Legos. Cass is – for lack of a better word – a little angel.
The sight of Dean falling apart under him; by the virtue of his own body makes Castiel explode. He feels his orgasm tear through him, spurts joining Dean’s mess on his stomach, creating a slick surface for him to thrust on. Castiel moans as it slows, kissing Dean and murmuring his name almost like a chant.
Licking his lips, he reaches for the bottle of Jack from under the bed. Something brushes his hand making him pull back sharply. Flicking on the light he looks forlornly at the beige trench-coat lying on his floor. It brings up the thought that the angel is somewhere, basically naked. But worse than that, it reminds him of their night together how free he felt during and even a bit after. Freedom. Something he’d always wanted but could never have.
“No.” Cass says instantly, cutting his machinations short. “Please stop. I don’t have a crush on Sam. Or anyone really. I just wanted to know what real intimacy feels like. I thought I could mimic it by myself, with my own two hands, but that did not work. Then with you, I felt something… something that I imagined intimacy would feel like. I guess I just wanted to hold onto that… to flaunt it.”
Castiel is just about to inquire about Dean’s magic remedy, but he’s rudely shushed. “It’s a surprise.” Dean casually slides the scissors behind his back, Castiel pins him with a glare to let him know that he hadn’t missed that action. Dean flushes, “Look. You’ve been trapped in a cold, dank sweat box without your grace for months. You’re stressed about what’s real and what’s not. You – honestly – can’t believe I’m saying this – but your eating habits ain’t exactly the picture of health.”
Castiel thought he had made his peace with this already, but Mary had dredged up all the things he’d wanted to keep submerged.
Dean is planning an excursion to a pet store tomorrow. To get Cass some ants and an enclosure. Sam isn’t too happy about the whole thing, but he sucks it up.
Dean is still unconscious… covered in blood but Castiel can hear his heart pounding… see his soul still in his body.
“Why?” Sam asks, trying to deter the idea. He doesn’t really trust Dean to be a stern authority figure with Cass. He’s allowed him to run wild the majority of the time. Eating pie and sipping bourbon ‘to help with his teeth pain.’ Dean let him turn the pot of soup. Sam almost died in place during that one. Seeing Cass balanced on Dean’s knee, just over a pot of boiling liquid hadn’t been a nice sight.
His Dean notices it too and stands, stepping between the brothers. “Chill dude.” He says, but Sam is having none of it.
“Sounding a bit jealous there angel.” Crowley drawls. He almost feels bad. But not enough to stop. “Dean and I don’t have such a
bolstered the normalcy of their dynamic. It made him complacent enough to not even question Jody’s presence. Jody, Claire, and Alex are a group and the creature had portrayed them as such.
Sam rubs at his bleary eyes, “It – it does sound like somewhere Dean would pick. But how do we know for sure?”
“Well, hello there.” A strong British voice croons. Michael is on edge immediately. The man is tall but defined and wears an immaculate, tailored suit. He doesn’t want to infringe too much so he sticks to the edges, giving Adam a chance to navigate this encounter on his own.
This car ride is somehow stranger and more danger infused than the first. One glance at Cass tells him that the feeling is mutual.
The creature’s name is Castiel. That can’t be a coincidence. He suspects that Dean’s concern stems from the same place that Castiel’s does.
“You knew how to turn you back… and you knew where the means to do it was… but you chose to stay in this form.” Sam says. “Maybe… because Dean wouldn’t leave you. No matter what. Cass, I’m telling you man. He took the best care of you.”
The soft smile he gets and the warm arms around him lets him know that he believes him, “I want this too Dean.”
Please don't hesitate to let me know about something that you want added in (be it a trope or an idea) I love hearing from you guys <3
freak him out. But when the dorky angel without a trench-coat tells him to scoot forward, he does it without complaint.
It’s two questions and he knows it, but Dean doesn’t make a fuss, in fact, he looks ready to defend himself.
He doesn’t realise that he said it out loud until the djinn whispers a reply. “He wants us to succeed where you two can’t.”
Their hands are so close together, yet, somehow, it signifies a disjoint between them. Castiel knows what it is. His inability to tell Dean about his feelings for him is keeping them trapped. This, more than anything should be motive to tell him.
Dean shuts his eyes as Crowley presses his lips to his neck, biting and moving and sucking rhythmically.
Adam is his brother, he trust his judgement, but Michael… the Michael he knows is an expert on tricking people. And by the way this Michael is acting, Dean has no doubt he’s hiding something. Could he be working with Chuck? Biding his time?
been watching sex, but humans, but Dean’s expression seems teasing. He hopes. It’s still hard to discern jokes from something serious in regards to Dean.
“You were right.” Cass stares back at him. “Angels don’t feel things as acutely as humans do. Even now, standing here, everything is hazy. I’ve always loved you Dean. But as an angel it was easier to push aside. To play the part I needed to play. As a human though?” he chuckles wryly.
A short silence ensues where Castiel wonders whether he should tell Sam now or wait until he got here.
Cass’ eyes are still shut. He’s so close to the big ‘O,’ Dean can tell. Something seems to be holding him back though. Maybe he just needs a little nudge…
The steps away from the car are the hardest. He feels his insides wrench as though his body is physically rejecting the thought of leaving Cass. His soul
for him. “I get why you didn’t want to be around me. If– if something like that happened to me… I don’t know how I’d feel about seeing the same face.”
They part slowly, locking eyes one last time before Dean turns away and strolls down the corridor, his shoulders not looking as tense as they were before. Cass’ eyes follow him until he rounds the bend, then, that blue gaze is directed solely on Sam.
Eyes shining with sincerity, Dean looks down to Cass, “He’s my best friend. I want him to be happy.”
Seemingly following the same line of thinking, Dean nods, deepening his voice, “Dean we talked about this. Personal space?”
It must have been because of the stimulation. The excitement of having his long-time fantasy fulfilled.
Confronting him, Crowley says he’s waiting for more details on the other two books from his sources but that, in the meantime, Castiel can make himself useful by reading him a ‘bedtime story.’
Castiel bristles. Be Crowley’s bitch for a few days and he can salvage his relationship with Dean. Castiel thinks it a fair trade. But why does Crowley want these books and who does he want to sell them to. Most importantly, are they really the Winchester Tablets?
Dean quells the urge to point out that while in a state of passion, Cass won’t know if an elephant is close. It’s just how he is. He gets into the act so completely.
The chair screeches against the floor as he pulls it out and clangs when he sets the back legs down. Cass, in contrast, manages to move in complete silence. Sam remembers the countless times when Dean had made a jab about putting a bell on the angel. He keeps that memory to himself now, he doesn’t think Cass will appreciate jokes at the moment.
Aziraphale snaps and suddenly the coat is folded neatly on a nearby shelf and Castiel is now decked off in an outfit just like Aziraphale’s. Only, his is a burgundy colour.
Or maybe it was because of the ever-dreaded ‘chick-flick moment’. He knows that Dean doesn’t like them. Or at least he says he doesn’t. Maybe he’s just uncomfortable. Or perhaps he thinks that Castiel will be more comfortable with him if Sam is also present – which makes no sense and isn’t true, but there’s no way to know what really goes on in Dean Winchester’s mind, not even asking him would yield anything.
By now Dean perks up too. So much for peace. “Yea.” Sam fidgets, “I was going to pass it along to another hunter.”
What should have been an easy smile from Dean, turns into a grimace. “What if we don’t find a way.” He says slowly, “What if … this could be a – a blessing in disguise for Cass. Being human. The full experience this time. Look at how happy he is.”
Dean shuts his eyes, overcome with emotion. Relief, hope. Of course Sam gets it; he knows Dean just as well as Dean knows himself.
Fidgeting, Cass turns away from his stare, watching the road in his stead. “I guess. But I’ve been occupied the past few days.”
“Past tense Cass.” He says with all the understanding in the world. “I needed you, I had you and now you gotta head out.” Without another word, or even a good-bye pat, Dean exits the car and strolls over to the door.
The smell of that pie had been the biggest slap to his face. He taught Cass to bake pie. When they were together. When Cass had time for him. But was it time, or rather, being stuck with Dean?
But now, having experienced first-hand what being with Dean could be like, he wants Dean to fall in love with Castiel the right way. And he wants the other man to be aware of every single moment from now till then.
Cass bolts upright upon Sam’s entrance, a white dot flying off to his side. Sam’s about to ask what it was when he remembers he was supposed to be looking fot the thing he forgot.
If anyone has any more ideas feel free to email and I'll write it for you. Even though the work might be listed as complete, if inspiration strikes I may add on additional chapters. ;)
Michael keeps his attention fully on evading the creature and leading it away from where it wants to be. Michael thought he was close to losing it days ago, but it had circled right back around and began screaming once more.
“We have to get you back to Sam.” He says numbly. Now that his mind is no longer clouded by the venom he can feel the piercing loss of Dean… remember that he’s been trapped in that car the entire time. Siren Dean had kissed him in here, made him orgasm, told him how much he loves him… and Castiel had returned the sentiment without reservation.
When Dean kissed him his world imploded in the most beautiful way because he could feel the kiss for what it was. Not a favour. Not a pity. But something real. Now, more than ever, he can’t let the opportunity pass him by. He’s going all in, as they say.
He’d killed the shifter… with a silver knife. Or had it been the siren. He isn’t sure. Though, if it was… he’d left them both alive… to torment him another day.
Cass’ eyes soften and Dean is just about to get off his back when he feels something silver press against his heart. The softness in Cass’ eyes are chased away by pure rage. His eyes gleam in a mystical silver blue colour. His grip on Dean’s arm is no longer slack. It’s tight to the point of bruising.
“That’s impossible.” Dean whispers. “It couldn’t have been. We- we- the stories. You told me so many. That could not have been… less than two days.”
“Maybe… but he didn’t want to be with you either,” Crowley points out. “And your little cheat sheet worked in your favor. What’s stopping it from working in mine?”
Watching Dean lube up his erect cock is a thing of beauty. Carefully, he settles against Castiel, moving his legs up to get better access. His cock is lined up with his hole and he feels the head slip inside. Dean’s lips cover his then, distracting him from the slight burn he feels. One hand reaches down to glide over his cock as Dean slowly moves in.
Open road his ass. The nearest highway is about fifty miles out. Dean’s probably just looking for a chick to put the moves on. He’d eased up quite a bit after the first time he’d done it absentmindedly in front of mom. It was a whole new level of awkward for everyone. Dean had actually managed to look ashamed. Cass, though, seems to reach the same conclusion as Sam and forces a small smile.
He knows Dean doesn’t really want to eat it, because he burnt it horrendously. Castiel feels a smidgen of doubt whilst consuming the hardly delectable vegetable; he doesn’t like tricking Dean. However, he also knows how good something like this would be for Dean, who just went through a trauma. To build up his strength and blood count.
Cass’ eyes flit between his hand on Dean’s cock and Dean’s face. With his spare hand, he rubs at Dean’s nipples and traces patterns on his stomach. All the while, blue eyes follow him. It’s a bit disconcerting, he has to admit. Usually, he’d just be able to shut his eyes whenever things were too heated or his emotions were bubbling too close to the surface.
Crowley has been strangely sympathetic about the entire situation. Laying a hand on his shoulder when Dean would inexplicably vanish, calling Dean out on his sour mood in a way that seemed to piss Dean off even more.
After, as they lay in Dean’s bed; the memory foam molding to their skin, as though imprinting the memory as thoroughly as Castiel has in his own mind, Dean nudges his skin. The touch raises all the hairs on Castiel’s hand.
Maybe Sam should touch the pearl. He’s pretty sure that there’s nothing he wants more than to get Dean and Cass back to normal. This parent thing is not only creepy – seeing as his ‘kids’ were once his brother and an angel – but draining too.
With deliberate movements, he creates his hickey. Only when he’s satisfied with the shade and the size does he let go to stare up at Dean with pride.
Dean doesn’t even have to think. The trench is iconic, you don’t mess with that. “Nah. I like it. It’s very
He suspects some surprise, indignation maybe. Sam would probably accuse him of some trickery, which, yeah, on any other occasion. But what if Sam is already suspicious? He certainly seems to be looking at him strangely today. Sam is good at piecing things together. What if he thinks that he’s figured it out and is just goading Dean? What if he thinks that Dean and Cass are having sex? Or worse… that they’re actually in a relationship? His implications have become less implicating and more like thinly veiled accusations.
“No.” Cass says sternly. “The prayer would always reach him, the only thing that could be stopping him from hearing is either him dying or something else constantly talking in his ear.”
Maybe that’s why he had never asked. He never wanted that moment to feel cheap and fabricated. But now? Now, Dean will settle for anything at all, because whatever he has is likely to disappear in the blink of an eye if anything goes wrong.
As much as he hates himself for it, as much as he wants to go back… Dean can’t help but remember the way he melted under Cass’ touch. The way he lost control under touches that normally wouldn’t have made much of a dent. It was almost like his body thought of Cass as erotic and amped up the pleasure automatically.
It would probably be better if he just smashed it now, rather than putting Cass through a song and dance that would only just hurt him and bring up emotions Sam is sure he’d rather not think about right now.
Has anyone noticed the little spelling discrepancy between two words yet? :D Trust me, the distinction is important!
In his periphery he sees Castiel frown. “You don’t know the plan you can’t go through with.” His voice is sceptical.
“Dean.” He snaps, the points to the dead body that neither of them have noticed. “Cass. It’s so nice to see you both.”
Though he left, he always came right back around to the one thing that made him feel safe. Most people presume that thing is the Winchesters, or the bunker perhaps. But in actuality, it’s been Dean’s soul. Warm, undulating and inviting, but it could turn choppy in an instant.
Castiel stares at the blackened skillet and shakes his head. Sam, Dean, and Jack went out awhile ago. He was hoping to have some lunch ready for them by the time they got back. However, he’s fairly certain his attempt at an ‘egg omelet’ is now forever stuck to the frying pan. Scraping with a spatula doesn’t do much for the coarseness on the bottom.
for a change. It’s been a very fulfilling experience. Dean hid nothing from him. He allowed Sam to take care of him. Sure, he had his bouts of anger, in the toddler way. Dean didn’t drink whiskey or lock himself away in his room.
Cass whorls around, his hands clenched tightly at his side. His blue eyes shimmer with tears. His cheeks are wet. With rain water or fallen tears, Dean isn’t sure.
“Nothing’s happening between us,” Dean assures, waving his hands wildly as though to shoo away any thoughts Cass might have about him and Crowley.
“Wow.” Crowley drawls, leaning close to the girl on his left. “You’re better than a Ferrari; from silent pip-squeak with his mouth sewn shut to Mr Party Central.”
Everything Cass said, the deal he kept a secret for years, the way he cared solely because Dean did, it’s too much. Castiel is an angel. Pure. Perfect. How can he say those things about Dean, how can he look at him like this - love him - knowing what he’s done? How can Cass call him the most caring man in the world when just weeks ago he trampled all over him and drove him away from the bunker despite knowing how wrecked he was losing Jack.
The poor man. They’d tried almost ten different mattresses and Dean had been uncharacteristically fussy about a mattress that he would only use for a few weeks. In fact… it seems strange to even bother purchasing a mattress. He’s known Sam and Dean to get sleeping bags instead or sometimes, even sleep on the floor. He doesn’t bring it up though. He doesn’t want to start a row with Dean so soon. Instead he soaks in the comfort of having Dean’s body next to him. While they may share the bed now, Dean had made it crystal clear that they would buy one from him and another for Cass.
The other man glowers darkly at him. A promise of pay back. Now, that, sends chills up Dean’s spine.
“Then just follow my lead. Do what I do, and really, whatever you want. I’ll tell you what feels good.”
Sam glances up from his book onto to find Dean using a pullback car to knock over a bottle of beer while Cass giggles loudly. Damn his head hurts. Once again, Dean had stuck him with the task of pouring through the lore.
Castiel shakes his head. He figured out long ago; Dean will talk when he’s ready. Maybe he’ll be angry, maybe he’ll be hurt, but at the end of it, they’ll be good again. At least he hopes...
A laugh bubbles up. “Of course you have.” Michael insists. “You were a lackadaisical human whose mind was closed to all possibilities.”
“I’ve studied extensively.” Cass assures him. “I practiced on a banana but I was unable to gauge it’s level of satisfaction after the tip almost broke off in my mouth. I’d have died if I were human.”
“Dean picked all the décor.” Cass supplies, noting his interest. “I uh, even picked a few rugs and other things.”
He’d tried and tried for days, through countless scenarios but it wouldn’t let up. He tried screaming at the illusions, but they only talked over him, following some sort of per-ordained script of doom. There were times he got so lost in the fantast that he forgot that it wasn’t real. This his friends were out there somewhere searching tirelessly for him and here he was begging for a minute of fake Dean’s time. There was a clear cycle: Dean comes to him, they are intimate, though not always in a sexual way and then finally, Dean tells him to leave breaking and he shatters… only to be rebuilt for the next torment.
Dean swallows, fisting his hand together to stop them from shaking. “You don’t have to do this.” He assures.
It’s then that Mary realises something. She isn’t doing any good here. Castiel is almost trembling and his skin is paler than any angel she’d ever seen before.
Strutting over with a shit eating grin, Cass waves the bag at his sullen face. “I asked you for one thing.” he gripes.
“Hold it.” he says, trying not to buck them both off the bed. “You gotta start slow.” He cautions. “Try some other erogenous zones and slowly work up to the main event.”
“Hello Dean.” He smiles, enjoying the sleepy, tolloused expression on Dean’s face. He doesn’t understand why Dean is so intent on keeping his hair so short and neat. Castiel thinks that the ‘windblown’ look suits him well. “Heh.” He laughs, earning him a glare. “Nice bedhead Deanpie.” Just saying the nickname sends thrills of excitement through him.
“You’ve already given me years of your life.” Michael says sombrely. “I did not want to take more than I already had. When I tried to ask you, the words never made it out. Did you forget, that you could cast me out. That you still can cast me out at any moment.”
“Do you really want to raise him Dean? As your kid? When you knew him as your friend? By the time he’s twenty you’ll probably be dead. So do you really want to riase him Dean… if it means losing your Cass?”
Cass blinks in understanding. “You didn’t know what I would say… you think my powers being back… that it would change me.”
“He was my companion. My will to go on.” He pauses. “A mask. Protecting me from the outside world and from the things I didn’t want to feel.”
” He laughs, “Man, it’s a dream come true. Except I saw some shit that made me want to bleach my mirrors.”
Unsurprisingly, Cass and Sam both aren’t in a very festive mood after seeing Dean like that. But Sam still makes an effort to amuse him, reading more kids books. Like ‘Cat In A Hat.’ He’s pretty sure that the next time Dean takes Cass shopping, he’ll want at least one hat. Sam smiles. He’d look pretty adorable in a hat.
Michael hates himself for being so hasty. His hastiness had gotten them both thrown in to the cage. There, he protected Adam as best as he could and found that Adam was just as eager to protect him. Michael was thankful that Lucifer was too preoccupied with Sam to bother them often. Though the horrors he inflicted sent chills racing through Adam’s body.
But by the way Dean moans and struggles to remain still while Castiel’s mouth is on his erection, he
“There were things left unsaid between us.” He murmurs. “And Heaven is closed and all my allies are dead. No demon will even take my deal and I have nothing left here. But Death will never come to be.”
“Um… I know this is probably bad timing.” Dean coughs and glances towards the door. Castiel can’t tell if he wants to escape or is just checking to see if Sam is around. “But last night… it made me feel things. Things that you don’t feel for a friend. Especially your angel friend who’s in a dude’s body.”
“I don’t know.” He glances around. “Look.” He gestures a ways over to a ride that resembles that tea cup from ‘Beauty and The Beast.’
