‘Come in,’ he welcomed the doll with open arms. ‘Careful though, don’t want to step on your fellow bots.’ He chuckled a little nervously as DUM-E moved up to inspect the newcomer.
Right?
I really hope you will enjoy reading it!
‘You have no idea.’ Thor said and he laughed, causing the doctor to chuckle as well.
” in the bed.’
He glanced at every corner of the large open space as he was finally at the bottom of the stairs, trying to find any form of recognizance. These halls were unfamiliar, he did not recognize the room he had woken up in and even the very air he breathed somehow felt different. One thing he knew for sure; He was not in the Asgardian palace anymore.
The young girl looked up, chocolate hair framing her worried eyes. ‘Cassie,’ she muttered softly as she held on to a plushie.
‘And how am I supposed to do that?’
It didn’t take long for Steve to step into the playboy’s workshop, the sweet scent of soap following him, overpowering the smell of grease and sweat. He saw the playboy and smiled, cheeks rosy and body wrapped in warm and comfortable clothes.
‘Oh, don’t blame this on Buck, this is your own doing!
Heavy tension suddenly filled the air as the two gods looked at each other.
He stepped through the entrance, leaving the Sanctum Sanctorum and into the kitchen of the Avengers Compound, where Thor was just asking Wanda, Steve and Tony if they had seen his younger brother.
‘Consider your recommendation noted and ignored.’
‘Your words of comfort are as caring as always, Lady Romanoff.’ Thor said as a smile became visible on his troubled face. ‘I indeed carry mixed feelings on this matter. It is nice to have Loki as a child again, yet it does not feel right at all…’
The doll did as it was told, slowly gaining control of his feet. Blood finally coursed through his legs again, causing the lower half of his body to feel numb and static. His movements were unstable, much like a toddler learning to walk.
He gently caressed its shoulder, his fingers trailing down towards its wrist. He expected it to feel cold and hard yet was pleasantly surprised by the soft and warm texture. It truly was an amazing piece of engineering.
‘How can you be so sure of that?’
‘I don’t know how, but I should be able to drink with this mask on,’ Steve said as he carefully took hold of his glass with his large fluffy paws.
‘No what?’
‘Well, we can’t leave him like this forever, can we now?’ Wanda said as she trailed the raven’s sides with her fingers, causing Loki to giggle and squirm slightly under her touch. ‘Okay, maybe we can.’ She chuckled.
Steve started to smile and eventually laughed as cheese and tomato sauce got into his master’s goatee. They continued their dinner with an air of relaxation, laughing till the last slice of pizza was gone.
‘Well, I know you’re crazy but not crazy enough to start entire conversations with yourself, and since I’m the only one here, well,’ Steve shrugged, then got on his hands and knees and placed himself in front of the playboy, looking him in the eye. ‘I just assumed you were talking to me.’
He then focused on the other two grown-ups standing with her. The first was female, red hair, grey eyes, her expression soft and gentle. The other was male with short brown hair, his clothes seeming more casual. The trickster stared at them for a few seconds, hoping he would recognize at least one of them, but he didn’t. The man looked strong and could easily pass as a palace guard, but he was not wearing any armory or weapons. The two women seemed fair and determent, reminding Loki of the Valkyrie.
‘I am not going out like this, Tony.’
‘N-no,’ Steve took a step back as Tony got closer. ‘I have no software on dancing installed, mast-’
The two kids smiled, though it was short to live as their new dad watched them from his rear view mirror. ‘Hey! Keep it down back there!’
‘Of course he was.’
Strange took a deep breath, ‘Yes, sure. Listen, I just need to know what’s going on with your brother, I heard something went wrong? Something with a spell?’
‘That’s better,’ Stane sighed irritably. ‘Looks like you still need some tweaking…’ he muttered as he walked closer while sending a text message on his phone. ‘The guys from the lab are on their way. Lay here and wait for them. Do as they say, got it?’
The doll opened its eyes, responding to the voice of its master shouting its name. He was sitting on his knees, the cold of the stone floor creeping into his legs and up his hips. How much time had gone by in which he was not allowed to stand? For how long was he kneeling in this basement, waiting without food or water, for its master to return?
After finishing their drinks, the three went back to the Avengers Compound. Drax was the first to notice Quill’s lack of snacks, making Peter and Starlord stare at each other as they tried to come up with an excuse. Luckily for them, they had a little Liesmith on their side and Loki was quick to convince everyone that they already ate all of their snacks on their way to the compound.
Tony’s voice finally reached the doll, pulling him out of thoughts. He looked at his master with fear in his eyes which soon ebbed away as the billionaire pressed a gentle kiss against his lips.
‘And did you go straight to bed as well? No detours? No wondering around the mansion?’
Yes, just a few more minutes, Loki thought as he closed his eyes again, his head resting on the broad chest of the blond.
you spoke of earlier…’ There was a hint of nervousness in the doll’s voice. Steve never wanted to bring the subject up again, knowing better than to question his master. Yet he could not help but wonder, this child being on his mind since Stane asked him about it, though he did not understand why. ‘What happens to it once it is back?’
The three men then looked up in surprise as the ground suddenly trembled beneath their feet. A loud, roaring sound like thunder hurling through the air.
‘I’m sorry to inform you, but-’
I have been trying to think of something which I haven't seen/read all that much, so these ships/ideas are not all that common :) (or at least, so I think ^^')
‘So, they all went from hardly knowing him to hardly standing him,’ Tony said and took a sip from his coffee. ‘Wanda and Pepper claim that they were asleep, which is not much of an alibi. And Thor and Bucky are covering each other with their little security round story… and then they went to sleep as well, so…’
It’s with that thought that he travels down Tony’s body and licks a swipe across the head of Tony’s cock with no preamble.
He leans back, “What?”
Antonia must submit herself to stand second to Mrs. Hammer, though she had always considered the ball as hers. But Mrs. Hammer was at an advantage, her dance partner Mr. Marvel; and though she had intended to begin with Clint Barton, she could not lose by the change. In spite of this little rub she was still beaming with enjoyment, excited for the hours of festivity that lay before her.
“Captain. Rogers?” Antonia spluttered, heart seized, “Do something like that in secret? It is not like him to move in the shadows. And surely he would have told me.”
.” His voice is harsh now, vicious. Maria sits, folds into herself. Tony can see her hands shaking. Or maybe it’s himself trembling now, he can’t be sure.
Antonia’s eyes were instantly withdrawn; and she sat silently mediating, in a fixed attitude, for a few minutes. A few minutes that stretched into toffee, turned into hours in her head, for her to become quite reacquainted with her own heart. Why should it be so much worse that Pepper should be in love with Steven, than with Clint Barton? Why did her heart sink so dreadfully by Pepper’s having some hope of a return?
While they talked, they were advancing towards the carriage; it was ready; and before she could speak again he had handed her in. Her tongue was motionless, stuttered in anger against herself, mortification and deep concern. She had not been able to speak; and on entering the carriage sunk back into herself, before reproaching herself on taking no leave, or making no acknowledgement, parting in sullenness rather than forgiveness. She looked out with a voice and hand eager to show difference, but it was just too late, he had turned away. Never had she felt so mortified, grieved, upset at any circumstance in her life. How could she have been so brutal, and how could she have exposed herself to such ill opinion in any one she valued, let alone Steven, whose opinion mattered most! And to suffer him to leave her without saying one word to the contrary! Letting him believe that she thought him as anything less than one of the most wondrous and forgiving men she knew!
It may be possible to do without dancing entirely. Instances have been known of young people passing many, many months successively, without being at any ball of any description, and no material injury accrue either to body or mind. But once a dance has been struck, however small, it is often demanded for again.
It’s Sarah Rogers, hands propped on her hips, mouth framed around a laugh, eyes sparkling. “This certainly explains a lot.” She says, by way of nothing, and laughs herself stupid.
“I wonder why the
Steven’s ears turned red at the tips with this deducement, “Mrs. Stark –“
“You weren’t, not for the most part. I needed to hear it. Although,
The next time they are not so lucky, and one of Clint’s arrows fail to deploy the rope that would swing him to safety, and so instead he falls ten storeys. According to the doctor, he was ‘lucky’ to only break a leg and fracture two ribs. They have to reset the leg in order for it to heal correctly, and hearing Clint’s screams Steve doesn’t quite understand where in this scenario they see the luck. He stands in solidarity alongside Natasha, whose face is pale and whose hands shake until he reaches out to grab a hold and squeeze.
‘I only confronted her with facts,’ Steve responded in return, his eyes clearly showing that he was still deep in thoughts.
‘Language,’ Steve chuckled at the highly irritated glare from his partner.
The trickster stared at the floor again for a moment, lost for words. He then murmured something so softly that he was hardly audible. ‘True… I am sorry, mister…?’
‘No, Loki, this is dangerous, if Thor sees this,’
Okay, so I hope you will enjoy your day and see you again next time!
‘Oh, stop your foul mood, Loki.’ Thor smiled, ‘According to ancient Midgardian mythology, Zeus and Hades were brothers, so are these not the perfect costumes for us?’ Thor looked from the raven, who watched him with a raised brow, to the teen next to him, who nodded in agreement.
‘I am a machine, master,’ Steve wanted to look up, yet kept his gaze to the floor as he remembered how disgusted Tony was with his eyes. ‘I can’t lie.’
‘What? No! No, I would never, I just,’
Thor sighed as he marched down the corridor and walked down the stairs, trying to look as calm and collective as he could. Following the sound of chatting Avengers, he turned the corner into the kitchen, ready to ask his friends if they had seen his brother. He looked up in surprise, however, as he found his still small brother sitting on the couch next to Peter, listening to a story Rhodey was telling them.
‘Hello, sir,’ he started, keeping his distance just to be sure, ‘my name is L-’
‘Uh-huh, yeah, sure,’ Quill said absentmindedly, admiring the innocent and large emerald eyes that stared back at him.
‘That happens from time to time,’ Wanda quickly added as she shifted to the edge of her seat. ‘Loki tends to fall asleep when he watches movies. It happened before.’
‘You could all stay, in exigence for-’
‘Let me guess,’ Steve interrupted with a grim expression. ‘They wanted him dead.’
‘Thor, I didn’t do it,’ tears broke down the raven’s eyes as he looked at his older brother in desperation. He cried, sobs disrupting his breathing as Tony silently moved him out of the room. ‘I swear I didn’t do it!’
Steve jolted at the loud roar which was followed by a sharp kick in his lower back. He stumbled forward and slowly but surely found his body complying to his master. He lay down on the table, shivering as the cold metal caressed his skin. He stared at the ceiling, feeling empty and numb except for the pain that still lingered in his bruising chest.
‘No,’ Stane’s voice was loud, causing Tony to stop in his track and look at him. He cleared his throat. ‘I’ve put you through enough shit already. I gave you this machine to help you unwind but it just made life worse for you.’ He wrapped an arm around the man’s shoulders and slowly but certainly guided him towards the front door. ‘You go home, Stark. Get some rest. I’ll take care of the machine.’
‘Sorry, Nat, you’ll have to take him for a little while. I’ll be back soon, just gonna grab some clothes for him to wear, I’m sure one of my kids got something that’ll fit him. Won’t be long.’ He said with a smile, handing the god of mischief over to her before she could object.
‘No! Just- just because
‘Thor can bring people back to life?’ Quill asked in surprise, completely missing the point Peter was trying to make.
‘Wait, you want
‘Oh, come on, you don’t seriously believe I would do that, right?!’ the man said, now looking at Thor for back-up.
‘How am I supposed to know?’ Pepper’s brows furrowed, her kind and soft expression ebbing away with each question, making way for frustration. ‘Maybe he was… maybe he just masturbated.’
Barton sighed and looked at the targets again, ‘Says the hundred-year-old grandpa.’
‘Brother?’ Thor asked surprised, looking at the two.
‘I really like Stitch.’ Loki smiled as he sat on the couch, huddled up against Thor.
‘I do not want to go to bed, Thor, please!’ The raven begged as he let himself fall face-first on the couch, mumbling something which his older brother could not hear.
‘But- I-’ Tony stammered in protest, pointing at his glass which was still filled with liquor. He growled something beneath his breath as he noticed that his partner would not wait for him. He looked at the old man behind the bar, who raised his shoulder in an equal lack of understanding. Tony grumbled softly and quickly took a big gulp of his drink before leaving the bar as well, following his partner.
‘No, and yes,’ the blond rubbed the bridge of his nose, ‘there is nothing to do but to wait for the spell to wear off.’
The garden was swarming with police within a matter of minutes after Wanda had called 911. Men in white overalls were investigating the crime scene, taking pictures and searching for… Well, Wanda was not quite sure what they were searching for. Evidence, probably.
Hearing a sudden yelp, the god and wizard both turned around, searching where the voice was coming from. As they saw nobody, they merely looked at each other again with questioning eyes.
The blond made his way up the stone stairs, following his colleagues, but where Sam, Tony and Natasha walked straight towards their own desks, Steve had to take a right into the commissioner’s office. He knocked on the door before walking in, ‘You wanted to see me, sir?’
So that being said, there's still a lot of work to come!
‘Booze, sex and then die right after,’ Tony remarked. ‘What a way to go. Gives a whole new meaning to the phrase “happy ending”, don’t you think?’ He looked at Natasha with a smile at which the woman threatened to hit him on the head again. Though Tony did manage to raise one side of her lip which he counted as a win.
‘Pleased to meet you, sir Quill,’ The raven said timidly as he took a step back to hide behind his brother. ‘I am Loki, prince of Asgard.’
Loki!’
‘I see,’ Tony looked down at the machine sitting on his couch, his mind wondering towards promiscuous thoughts as he still felt the blond’s lips on his own.
‘No, no Loki couldn’t have done this,’ Wanda nearly whispered as she placed her hands in front of her mouth. ‘There must be some mistake.’
Pepper was working at a picknick table underneath the big tree, enjoying the shade it provided on this already warm day. She looked up from her laptop, reading glasses sliding slightly down her nose. ‘Thank you, Wanda,’ she smiled and offered the two men to take a seat. ‘Tell me, what can I do for you today?’
‘Are you sure?’ Tony asked with a one-sided smirk. ‘It’s not all that uncommon for colleagues to…
‘Well, it’s clear to me, then.’ Tony nodded as he placed his hands on his hips. ‘Tried to close the window, slipped, fell down, dead. Easy.’
‘I, am, exhausted.’ Peter sighed as he walked into the living room, dropping his bag on the floor and letting himself fall face first into the couch.
The doll’s eyes flew wide open, gazing directly at the man in front of him. Tony held his breath, the doll’s eyes were dull, a white haze glazing blue eyes. It left him breathless.
‘Thor…?’ the young god whispered as he politely waited outside the chamber.
‘Nothing, Thor,’ the raven sighed. He watched the three making their way towards the living room and placed a hand on the captain’s shoulder. ‘Let’s go, Steven. We would not want to miss Rhodes’s “Boom, you looking for this?” War Machine story for a millionth time, now would we?’
‘Yes, mas- Tony.’ Steve let his arms fall and the playboy almost whined at the loss of his warmth and touch.
‘Nothing,’ Loki quickly smiled as he looked at the teen, clearing his throat before he continued. ‘just some practicing of my Seiðr, that is all.’
There are now 2 more to come and that will be the end of it :)
The doll didn’t move until they arrived at an all too familiar building. Steve stared at the mansion, at the marble steps that lead up to a grand door. He recognized the casement windows and velvet curtains, the beautiful statues adorning the driveway.
‘Not again,’ Thor sighed as he looked around himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
The raven looked over his shoulder, petrified green eyes staring at the two, ‘no, sir. After Killian, w-well,
‘By the Norns, brother, you are so bright,’ Loki remarked.
‘Yes, Steve and Clint made them, and I helped.’ Loki stated proudly.
‘…No.’
‘Sure, Rhodey, it is a great story, actually.’ Tony chuckled as he wanted to grab himself a cup of coffee. He then sighed in irritation as he held up an empty pot. ‘Okay, who took the last coffee?’ He asked as he turned around and looked at the Avengers sitting at the table.
Half an hour had passed in which Steve did not dare to look up from his feet, fearing he would upset his master who has been so kind to him.
guy we’re talking about here! Plus, who said he should change back?’ he then crossed his arms, a sassy smirk on his face. ‘I might want a
“I yield to your intimate knowledge and expertise of Captain Rogers.” Jarvis remarked, Antonia missing the amused nature of his tone, merely flushing at the word
The time with Captain Rogers gave Antonia a considerable amount to daydream on. It was one of the most agreeable recollections of the ball, which she walked about the lawn the next morning to enjoy. She was glad to be in his good spirits again, come so good to a joint understanding of the Hammers, that they should think so alike. It was gratifying, to know that in reality Mr. Hammer’s most vulgar proposition to her actually spared Pepper of such a groom. She was glad that the summer before her seemed such a happy one – Pepper rational of mind, Clint Barton not too much in love, and Captain Rogers not wanting to quarrel with her! It was as though the stars aligned.
His work in the field becomes even more desperate and if Tony thought Steve was reckless before this is an entirely different ballpark. He saves Natasha from a particularly nasty fall, he tackles Clint out the way of a falling building, he steps into Thor’s shadow when the man cannot be spared from Asgard and he guards a shattered Bruce who turns back in the middle of battle.
He’s quiet for a moment before he laughs, a full bodied one that dances through Antonia from her toes upwards.
“When you say everything. You gonna make an honest man of me?” Tony jests. Steve snorts.
called at Miss Hill, passing the door. I thought it better, the right thing to do. I went in, detained by Miss Hill being absent. She was out, and I felt it impossible to not wait until she came in. I spoke with Miss Romanov, to pass on my apologies.”
Tony looked at Steve, and licked his lips in a way so sinful Steve almost had to look away. His eyes were carnal, and his voice was husky when he spoke, “Oh sugar.” He said, drawl thick, “I think I’m gonna have fun with you.”
Steve sighs. “I missed being out there.”
They begin at the same time before stopping. Tony grins and the moment is gone. “You go first.” Steve offers.
He catches Steve sneaking glances of him in the mirror, awestruck like he can’t believe this is real. Tony knows how he feels. Steve reaches over, grabs ahold of Tony’s left hand, and squeezes. The mood turns tense again, longing steeped in Tony’s veins like tea leaves in hot water. It’s like now he knows he is allowed to touch he can’t help himself, lets his gaze track up Steve’s arms, across his shoulders and down his chest. Covetous and adoring, he tracks the flush that curls up the back of Steve’s neck as he feels Tony’s attention on him.
Clint Barton returned to his station beside Antonia; and as soon as Miss Hill was quiet after her usual language spill upon the company of Captain Rogers, she found herself necessarily overhearing the discourse of Mrs. Hammer and Miss Romanov, who were standing a little way behind her. Clint was thoughtful. Whether he were overhearing too, she could not determine. After a good many compliments to Natasha on her dress and look, compliments very quietly and properly taken, Mrs. Hammer was evidently wanting to be complimented herself. It was ‘How do you like my gown?’ – How do you like my trimming? – How is my hair? – with many other relative questions, all answered with patient politeness that Antonia commended Miss Romanov on. Antonia thought she might of screamed by now. “Compliment to Captain. Rogers, certainly hosting this ball chiefly to do me honour – I would not wish to be inferior to others. And I see very few pearls in the room except mine.
“I cannot believe that he has not the power of coming, if he made a point of it. A young man, brought up by those who are proud, luxurious and selfish, is likely to be proud, luxurious and selfish by default. If Clint Barton wanted to see his father, he would have contrived it between September and January. A man at his age – what is he? – three or four and twenty – cannot be without the means of doing just that. Of leaving under his own power. It is impossible.”
. Antonia stresses the name hoping it will lead to Pepper using forenames as well, “How was your stay in the country? I do hope it was pleasant.”
They are alone now, Sarah excusing herself quickly, brushing her fingers over Steven’s shoulders with a firm squeeze, offering them the little privacy she could.
Steve’s chest bursts into raw pride when, instead of retreating upon even the slightest mention to the steel that graces Bucky’s left side, he grins and shrugs, “Let’s just say I’m distracted by how foxy my woman is when she’s working.”
It takes a minute grab a warm slice of pizza each from Cal’s Deli. Steve lets the grease run down his fingers as they step through busy city streets, feels like the world should be slowing down to stop and pause with him. He’s aware, vaguely, that regardless of what awaits him, Mark or no mark, he’ll be forever changed by the strike of midnight. He can barely taste Cal’s famous tomato sauce, fear and excitement jostling for attention against his throat.
The whole party was assembled, excepting Clint Barton, who was expected every moment from Richmond; and Mrs. Hammer, was very ready to lead the way in gathering and accepting and talking about strawberries. She did so love the sound of her own voice, strikingly alike to Mrs. Hill but without the indulgence of kindness. Such, for half an hour, was the conversation filled mainly with her nasal tones until the group was decided to have taken its fill of the sunshine and shade sought.
“What does that mean?”
“Fake boyfriends you say? I’ve always loved that trope.” Tony muses, and there’s not much more time before the door opens and Clint arrives like the little gossip monger he is.
He agreed to it, with a quiet and firm ‘yes’ that was soft yet felt immovable as the stones in the walls around them.
“No I don’t want to fucking come inside.” He hisses, “I want to understand if I’ve totally missed a trick here, and the connection I felt was all one-way traffic. I want to know if your party trick is making people fall apart in the face of the sheer inherit
The soulmark on his collarbone is scalding, and his stomach twists when he looks down on Steven Rogers for the first time. Broad shouldered, cream skinned and golden haired, he’s gorgeous in a way that’s as easy as breathing. There’s something sits behind his ear to tell him this man is important, pushes his heart into double time.
However, she would be lying if it did not intrigue her. She was a curious creature after all. She announced as much to Captain. Rogers, prodding as much as necessary (and perhaps exaggerated a little more) at the conduct of the Bartons, in keeping him away. And naturally, because it was a day ending in y, this ended directly in disagreement with Captain. Rogers.
“Hey.” He says softly as the object of his affection strolls up to the table and snags a chip from his hand.
“Oh god.” Is all Tony can answer, delighted and ridiculously turned on by his filthy and wonderful husband.
“So I assume that by telling your friends we were boyfriends that you are down to clown?” Tony says with a straight face.
They go to separate colleges. Tony accepts an early entrance into MIT, and pretends that Steve didn’t choose Boston College out of his numerous offers to simply be close to Tony.
Steve sits by Tony on the bed, hands hanging awkwardly in the air as he’s not sure whether to console the man physically or verbally. Going for the latter, he lets his hands drop. “No one blames you for it, Tony.”
Fury sighs, and in that moment Steve sees a man who has taken on the sole weight of this project and yet is watching it fall apart beneath his very eyes, “Even so, I have been recommended to bench you for the time being. You need time out of the field.”
As such, this was the first the picture had seen the light of day in a long time (aside for those times Antonia peeked upon it, but those would remain utterly private to herself and only herself until her dying day).
of my favourite emma adaptation, the joy that is the bbc 2009 tv series with the ever wonderful romola garai and johnny lee miller. Let me tell you that the captain had me DEAD and it perfectly fits the idiocy of these two MORONS in love.
“Did you manage to call upon your friends? Upon Hill or Cage?”
“But you have been the best friend I have ever had. No equal to you. You were not to know that Mr. Hammer would behave thus. No – clearly – I am to be an old maid, but know that my devotion to you will never waver! Such a good friend!”
“Oh only that when that damaged labourer looks at you with those cow eyes you fall over yourself to offer him the world despite no offer of marriage on the horizon like some common whor-“ the words are smacked from his mouth before he can utter them.
“Hmm.” Steven nods across the table, “It is the horse I feel sorry for.”
I can’t – you leave me running behind you unable to keep up! You make me want to shake you and slap you and – and – and!”
“I am ashamed to arrive with you!” she whispers now, for Mr. Hammer is hovering not too far away.
this hotel? Are his staff behaving this way with other couples? The thought nearly unmans him.
This was the occurrence; the Cages had been settled some years in Highbury, and were very good sort of people – friendly, liberal, and unpretending. But on the other hand, they were of low origin, in trade, and only moderately genteel. On their first coming into the county, they had lived in proportion to their income, quietly, keeping little company. But the last year or two had brought them a considerable increase of means – the house in town had yielded greater profits, and fortune in general had smiled on them. With their wealth, their views increased; their wat of a larger house, the inclination for more company. They added to their house, prepared for everybody for their keeping dinner-company; and a few parties, had already taken place. Nothing should tempt her to go, yet when her invite did not arrive (but it did to the Marvels, to the Pyms and Xaviers), she felt the insult keenly.
Later, much later, Bucky will sit by his hospital bed with fond and terrified eyes, lean forward and clasp his shoulder with his one remaining good arm, and say
No misfortune occurred again to prevent the ball. The day approached, the day arrived; and after a morning of some anxious watching, Clint Barton, in all the certainty of his own self, reached Donwell before dinner, and everything was secure.
‘If Loki is here, I swear I will-!’ Thor threatened, jumping to his feet the moment the two detectives entered the interrogation room.
The grin on Stane’s face turned malicious, ‘Eat it.’
‘What?! No! That’s not-’ Peter tried to intervene as Loki looked up from the Winter Soldier to the teen, a frightened expression on his face.
Tony’s mind was a complete mess. He needed to get rid of Steve before it was too late, before he would lose himself completely to an artificial personality.
Netherlands
‘And he lost,’ Steve smiled behind the large mask, but his hand clenched tightly around the playboy’s shoulder in irritation. ‘And now, we both have to dress up as Disney characters by Bucky’s choosing.’
Steve’s teeth penetrated the tough shell of the insect as he took the first bite. A crunching, spine-chilling sound moved through the air. He could feel its legs still crawling over his tongue, its pincers desperately biting into the inside of his cheeks. The blond froze for a split second, only to force himself to continue to chew.
‘This!’ he turned his call into a video chat and showed the present standing in his common room. ‘What the actual
He stared blankly at his empty hands after swallowing the last bite, swearing he could feel the cockroach squirming down his throat.
‘Okay, so he’s not a burglar,’ Tony concluded as he crossed his arms, a frown on his face as he saw the kid ignoring all the valuables he came across. Tech, antiques, art, nothing seemed to pique the child’s interest. ‘I’m going up there.’
‘Yes! I mean- well,’ Peter hesitated. ‘He’s not really my real dad… He is my dad though!’
Tony wanted to keep asking questions, yet stopped as the image of the bleeding and naked doll finally forced him to calm down. ‘Shit, Steve, I’m sorry.’ He took a deep breath and quickly wrapped a blanket around the doll’s body. The blond flinched as the playboy got closer, causing Tony’s heart to shatter. ‘Really, Steve. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have yelled at you.’
‘Still not as early as you, Wanda,’ The man smirked and stopped next to her. ‘I tried knocking on that door fifteen minutes ago. Noting. He must have gone home already.’
‘I, I can’t’ Tony said as he took a step back. ‘I can’t do this, I don’t know what say and I only feel like singing and I’m not-’
‘I think you’ll be surprised, kid.’ Quill laughed. ‘It was awfully nice from the shop owner to still let us buy these slurpees by the way!’
To each and every amazing reader,
‘Great, you fucking apologize!’ Tony placed his golden-gloved hands in his side as he thought this through, he then shook his head and pointed at the trickster, ‘You better have a way to fix this or I’ll be sending you straight to the deepest layer of hell,
‘Tony, I’m serious,’ the blond chuckled, taking a step back as Tony nearly pressed his lips against his neck. ‘I’m gonna take a shower and go to bed, no fooling around okay? We really have to stop doing that.’
‘This is not working,’ Thor remarked as he placed a hand on the teen’s shoulder and then turned his gaze towards the playboy. ‘You are up, Sir Belle.’
Their tender motion halted as the music stopped, their eyes closed as their lips touched yet did not kiss.
‘Come on. Let’s go.’
‘Honestly, Rogers, how can you work with that guy?’ Strange murmured as he took the last sip of his tea.
Hi everyone,
I really hope you will enjoy reading it just as much as I have enjoyed writing it.
‘No, it is not,’ Vision sighed, looking at the other Avengers for help.
Loki didn’t look up, making Tony wonder whether the child did not hear him over his laughter or was simply ignoring him.
to get in as well?’ Peter asked in disbelief and he crossed his arms. ‘First of all, no. I am sixteen, I’m way too old for that. Secondly, it can be dangerous to-’
‘Don’t know sir, but if you could just sign this form, that would be great.’ He held out a yellowish paper, barely meeting the billionaire’s eyes as he stared from under his cap. He had a sluggish posture, loudly chewing his bubblegum as he just seemed completely done with his job, and his life for that matter.
Netherlands
The three turned their attention up the stairs again as they heard the unamused voice of the captain.
Anyway, without further ado, here is chapter 4, hope you will enjoy!
‘Miss Potts, were you aware of the fact that Mister Killian still tried to buy your company even after you rejected his offer?’ Steve asked sternly as he sat down across the woman.
‘Well, first off, we can keep a better eye on him. Secondly, he gets a second chance at his childhood, which, I believe, is something we should be happy with. You know, considering he became such a vengeful person with all the daddy issues and the way he has been lied to his entire life and what not.’ Strange looked up at the god, noticing how the man was now glaring at him with a very dark expression. He blinked his eyes but as the heavy sound of thunder became audible in the far distance, he quickly continued, ‘Look, I’m not trying to be an ass or anything, just stating facts. Your brother can be raised anew and grow up to be all happy and loving, just like he is at this moment. Isn’t that something you wanted?’
Hi everyone,
‘Okay, wait!’ Bucky growled softly in frustration, the stress bringing out his Russian accent more than ever. ‘Killian, he- at first, he was kind and patient with us. He helped Miss Potts with her company, he even helped around the mansion sometimes. He came more often as time went by, but, about half a year ago, things changed. He started to threaten us behind Miss Potts’ back. Telling us we needed to pack our bags and leave America.’
2. The Avenger's have broken up and Earth seems to be doing just fine without its super heroes. Tony is managing to get by as long as he can still be with the one person who decided to stay in the Avengers Compound; Steve Rogers. But as the ex-assassin Bucky Barnes comes living with them, a slow and burning jealousy starts to take over Stark's mind and body. (a fic with a very dark Tony Stark)
‘Y-yes, I am fine,’ Loki nodded, he took a deep breath, holding onto Peter’s hands in the meantime. ‘It is okay, it is the potion…’
. It can’t actually “freak out.” It can only be programmed to react in certain ways.’
‘Yes, everyone is really kind to me and you all have such amazing powers,’ Loki said as he giggled, holding on tightly to the teen so he would not fall.
‘What’s this?’ Clint was the first to speak after a brief moment of silence.
‘Oh no!’ Loki suddenly shouted dramatically as he let himself fall on his back, causing both Peter and Bruce to look at him with wide questioning eyes. ‘You have brought reinforcements! And you have defeated me with the powers of your friendship!’ Loki chuckled as he closed his eyes, ‘and with the lasers shooting from your glasses.’ He quickly added, directing this last sentence to Bruce.
‘What do you mean?’ Bucky asked as his slightly squinted eyes peered at the assassin just over the edge of his paper. ‘He’s right-’ he then looked at his side, finding the pages he had just handed to the raven carefully folded next to him, ‘…here.’
‘Well than, before we join the others in their merriment, I would like to make a toast,’ The trickster smirked as he grabbed the last glass and raised it, ‘here is to the very first celebration of Hallows' Even. Let us hope the spirits of the deceased will fall for our…’ he then looked at Tony and Steve, ‘
Tony rolled his eyes, ‘That’s fine, J. Just send him here.’
Peter tried to move back, his heart beating painfully fast in his chest. ‘H-hello…?’ he sniffed and whimpered as the sound did not stop, his lips trembling as he saw a foot stepping into the light. The teen quickly covered his eyes with his hands; ‘Go away! Please!’
‘… Why not?’ Bucky asked sincerely, crossing his arms. ‘It’s a good way to defend oneself.’
‘Yeah, sure! You’ve got really awesome magic skills, uhm, what did you say it was again? Siedor? S-Seifer?’
He then looked up, seeing his brother walking a few yard in front of him and turning a corner.
‘A super market?’ Loki repeated, tilting his head. ‘So, that is like, the Asgardian markets, but then “super”?’
As the trickster remained completely silent, the doctor cleared his throat. He held out his hand, his eyes now locked on the large book behind which the raven was hiding. ‘So, are you going to give it to me?’
threw this party, it would be a little weird if we are the only ones not there, right?’
a line from Beauty and the Beast…?’
Tony sang, touching the tip of Peter’s nose with a gentle smile.
‘Loki,’ Thor quickly smiled and walked over to the teen, resting his hands on his shoulders. The words he then spoke left Tony and Steve to look at each other in wonder, for the blond was speaking in a language they didn’t understand. They saw how Loki’s mouth fell slightly ajar as Thor spoke the name of the victim, his emerald eyes darting from Thor towards the two detectives.
‘You surrender?’ The teen asked as he stopped tickling, but he held the raven down nonetheless.
‘No, that won’t be necessary,’ Steve shook his head and looked at his team. ‘Romanoff, I want you to look into the victim’s financial documentations, bank accounts, loans, debts, everything. Also I want to know what kind of charges were pressed against him. Stark, we are going to that mansion. I want to speak with Miss Potts again and Barnes and that kid, Loki.’
Loki jumped off the small stool he was standing on and quickly hid behind the captain, the highly questionable and, to him, plain scary expression on the soldier’s face nearly bringing him to tears. ‘I- I am truly sorry!’
Hi everyone and welcome back,
‘I did not kill him,’ Bucky looked up, desperation shading his gentle brown eyes. ‘I had no reason to, not anymore at least. The threats started about half a year ago, but it stopped about a week after.’
is War Machine’s story.’
‘Nonsense, you are a growing man, Peter,’ Thor laughed as he grabbed his own glass and handed the other to the teen. ‘This will make you strong,’ he added with a wink, not noticing the unamused expression of the captain since it is hidden under his mask.
It was a sudden rattling sound that caused him to gasp and hold his breath. The sound moved closer, metal dragging over the floor, coming from the shadows in the far back of the basement.
Oh! And I also have a new idea for a stony fic. One with wraiths, blood, gore and so much hurt <3 (easy brain! One fic at a time!)
‘Hey, Loki,’ the man turned around, a kind smile on his face.
Loki followed the archer into another room and returned after about ten minutes. He was now wearing a bright orange shirt and dark blue jeans which were a much better fit.
‘Hi, Thor, uhm, sir,’ Peter stammered a little, looking up at the towering god, ‘I, I hope you don’t mind. Lokes and I were just playing and, well, he asked me if-’
At this last shout, Loki fell completely silent, staring at the man with wide teary eyes.
Check out the new tags in the meantime!
‘No! I did not!’ Thor exclaimed in anger. ‘It is true that Killian threatened to throw us out, yes, but that was half a year ago! I hated him, we all did but he stopped his threats a couple of days later!’
‘Of course, Loki,’ the god said as he put the raven back on his own two feet again. ‘I will follow you in a minute!’ he quickly added, watching how Peter and his brother disappeared towards the outside training grounds.
‘Well, no,’ Wanda frowned. ‘Why do you ask? He fell out the widow, right?’ Her eyes then widened, ‘You are from the Criminal Investigation Department, does that mean he- was he murdered…?’
‘Come on now, haven’t got all day.’ Stane grumbled and shoved him inside.
Peter suddenly heard a voice from behind him. He turned around and started to laugh as he saw the little trickster wrapped up in toilet paper, a grin on his face so wide that the teen could easily count all his teeth.
All the answers to those questions and more!
‘No, no, no, please, do not try again,’ Thor quickly intervened, taking the weapon from his brother’s hands. ‘And you,’ he then turned to the Winter Soldier, ‘please do not teach my eight-year-old brother how to assassinate people with a knife.’
‘No, wait!’ Peter shouted as Obadiah slammed the door shut, Cassie’s screams now muffled and far away. He panted softly, tears forming in his eyes as cold air crept into his fingers. ‘No… No! Wait, come back! Please! I’m sorry! I-’ The teen yelped, his ankle sending a wave of pain up his leg as he tried to get back on his feet. ‘Don’t leave me…’ he cried softly as he had no idea what he had done wrong. ‘Please… I’m so sorry…’
‘Peter, look at me.’ The blond fell to his knees, cupping the teen’s face in his hands. His heart shattered as he seemed so lost and so scared. ‘…Come on, it’s okay. It’s okay.’ He pressed Peter against his chest and held him in his strong arms, rocking them gently back and forth. He caught a glimpse of the boy’s hands, skin already marbling with dark bruises as he kept crying.
The trickster tried to recall what has caused this ridiculous turn of events, after all, the last time the two had laid together like this was when Loki was but a child.
‘This what you want, doll? For me to fuck you into the matrass? To keep pounding into you till you can’t fucking walk anymore?’ Proving his point, Tony slammed his hips forward, burying his cock deep into the machine’s tight heat.
‘Have you succeeded in making a remedy, brother?’ Thor asked as he stood next to the playboy.
‘Okay, you know what? New rule, you grab the last cup of coffee, you make new coffee, got it?’
‘That man tried to place a curse on me,’ Loki murmured while he was sitting on the kitchen countertop, looking at the marble floor. ‘If it was not for my brother, he would have cursed me…’
‘I said cut it out!’ Strange spoke sternly, a heavy frown on his face. ‘God, why is it everyone adores you now yet to me you’re still a little b-’ But as the doctor now noticed the young raven’s tears, he stopped. ‘No… no, please don’t. come on, have some dignity.’
‘… for what reason?’ the god asked slowly.
‘No! I do not want to! It is too much fun here and I am not tired yet!’
Also, as some of you might already know, I am Dutch, so if you find any spelling errors or syntax mistakes, please let me know! I absolutely love learning languages and I'm trying to write as authentic as possible!
‘… Right!’ Loki smiled brightly. ‘May I try again?’ he asked, looking at the two men.
‘Please what, Rogers?’ Tony grinned as he admired every inch of Steve’s body, his fingers trailing down the man’s perfect abs. ‘Tell me what you want.’
‘Maybe I could answer that question for you,’ A woman’s voice sounded, and the four detectives turned around, meeting the gentle brown eyes of a gorgeous lady. She was dressed in an all-white skirt suit set, her red hair tied in a low ponytail and falling over her left shoulder. ‘Detective Rogers?’ she asked kindly.
‘Play outside?’ Thor frowned, wondering how the man knew about his brother’s condition. ‘You came all this way just so you could play with my brother?’
had done, was absolutely horrible,
have given up, doesn’t mean I have!’ The boy stumbled towards the stairs, anger and utter panic damping the pain of his ankle as he moved towards the door.
Obie would give him a perfectly reasonable explanation and he would make sure the doll would be taken care of properly.
‘I cut myself, accidentally, a-and Mister Killian, he got angry so he, uhm,’ the raven was shivering, waves of heat and cold leaving him nauseous. ‘He pulled down his fly and told me to… to use my mouth on him. He said it was my fault that he got so mad and that I should make up for it… I was so scared, I-I didn’t want to, so I pushed him away.’ Loki was sobbing now, his voice quivering. He slowly stood up and took off his sweater, revealing small black bruises just above his hipbones and bright red strips crossing his back. ‘He, he reminded me that I had no choice. He grabbed me, a-and pulled down my pants, and I-’ Loki swallowed thickly, trying to force himself to say it, but he couldn’t.
‘Thor and Bucky hated Killian, as did I but they did not kill him. And I did not have a relationship with either of them,’ Wanda’s voice was strained, her hands shaking in anger. ‘As for me crying, Mister Stark, finding the man dead reminded me of my brother and that murder is something that happens everywhere, even in the
‘Okay, let’s go,’ Peter took a deep breath, and walked in front, followed closely by Tony.
A careful smile formed on Steve’s face, the blindfold still covering his eyes. He seemed… relieved, though Tony was too engulfed in his own pleasure to really notice. ‘Maste-’
But a loud, booming sound made the playboy close his mouth as the floor trembled beneath their feet. A phenomenon like that could only mean one thing.
‘No, it cannot be!’ Peter exclaimed dramatically, one hand placed on his forehead, the other raised in defeat, ‘spare me, oh great Odinson!’ but as Loki lowered the small stick, causing it to bend as it touched the teen’s chest, Peter let out a desperate gasp for air, after which he closed his eyes and lay completely still.
‘Got it,’ Loki nodded as he was fully concentrated, holding on to his goggles with one hand as they were actually too big for him.
The two detectives nodded, walked back to their car and returned to the police station.
‘High, mister Banner,’ Peter whispered harshly with a quick wave of his hand.
I bless my past, that my future shall last.’
‘And?’ Steve asked, slightly impatient.
‘…Okay,’ Natasha nodded as she took a deep breath and thought this through. With Thor gone and her own bookshelf consisting mostly of thrillers, she had to think of something else to entertain the raven. ‘Follow me.’
‘So I take the tank, drop it right off at the general's palace, drop it at his feet. I'm like, "Boom! You looking for this?"’ Rhodes smiled as Peter and Loki started to laugh, nodding as he looked at the other Avengers, ‘See? It’s a good story!’
‘Daddy gave him to me before he fell asleep in the hospital.’ Her smile slowly reached her eyes as she looked at the rabbit. ‘He’s very ugly, but I love him.’
The boy froze on the spot as the two strangers looked at him. He gulped but continued nonetheless, ‘Why is the police here? What’s going on? I asked Wanda, but she send met to you.’
Loki nodded as he held onto the heavy knife, holding it in front of him as he tried to copy Bucky as best as he could. ‘Hold it like this…’ He mumbled and swung the knife in an upwards motion after which he threw it in the air.
‘I am all about fun time, Quill, but to be honest, I really don’t feel like we should do whatever it is that you’re up to. So, let’s just get in and-’
He still could not believe Obie would do something so cruel.
‘Nope, your dad just kept me up all night and…
‘Because you threatened to kill him?’ Tony asked smugly, raising his brows. He looked at the man’s strong build. Thor was tall and months of working as a carpenter had clearly strengthened the blond’s body. ‘Killian might have been a powerful man on paper, but he was weak compared to you.’
‘So we could stay, of course,’ Loki nodded again, tears trickling down his cheek without him even blinking. He held his fingers in front of his mouth, absentmindedly tugging at his bottom lip between his fingernails till it almost bled. ‘I overheard Bucky and Thor talk to each other. They said that Mister Killian tried to send us back to our- our own countries, a-and that there was nothing they could do about it. I wanted to know if that was true, so I went to Killian and, h-he said that we had to leave. I begged him to-uhm, to let us stay… I didn’t want to leave, I didn’t want to go back to the Faroe Islands… So, Killian, he, he offered me a deal.’
A throbbing headache caused the doll to screw his eyes shut. A name lingered on the tip of his tongue, a blurry image of a young child with brown hair and hazel eyes forming in his foggy mind. ‘Don’t hurt him,’ he pleaded, the words falling from his mouth without his consent. The urge to protect burned in each fiber of his artificial body despite having no memories of this child. ‘Please, master… Please don’t hurt him.’
He eventually swallowed, then looked at his master again.
I went back to my own room and went to bed.’
Steve laughed sheepishly, wondering how he should have interpreted Tony’s double entendre this time. In the end, he just decided to lean forward and give his boyfriend another kiss.
What was it again? Hold it tight, like this. Then swing, throw it in the air and catch it in the other hand and... stab.
‘Brother?’ Thor replied as he sat up straight, rubbing his eyes. ‘What is the matter? It is the middle of the night, you should be long asleep by now.’
‘Mister Doctor…?’ Loki repeated with a raised brow.
‘Doctor, such a pleasure as always.’ Tony smiled, though the sarcasm in his voice made it clear he was teasing. ‘Let me guess, the victim’s cause of death was falling from that window?’
Now proudly clothed in a big Spider-man sweater, Loki sat on the couch, watching the movie Peter had chosen, together with Steve, Thor and Tony.
‘Do I have to?’ Thor asked unimpressed, his attention already back to his project. ‘We differed in a lot of things, Killian and I but that mattered not. He was always here for business with Miss Potts, so we hardly ever spoke with each other.’
‘Wait, you can’t do that,’ Bucky snapped, sounding almost desperate as he finally looked at the two men. ‘You can’t keep me here.’
‘I’m not really allowed to drink yet…’ Peter pouted, looking at the bubbles in his glass that slowly moved to the surface.
dress!’ Tony snapped as he looked at the two gods.
Steve came hard with a rough jerk of his hips, a flash of white appearing in front of his eyes for a split second as Tony sucked him through his orgasm. Tony swallowed every drop of the blond’s warm cum, then gently licked him clean before getting back on his feet again.
‘… Of course, Loki.’ Thor smiled as he scooted back a little, making way for his small brother to lay next to him. He wrapped his strong arms around him, holding him against his chest as he made sure the trickster was covered in blankets.
‘Quill?’ Peter asked surprised as he looked at the others. ‘Can’t remember anyone saying they had a mission scheduled with him.’
But of course, Tony had other plans.
‘What was that?’ Loki asked agitatedly, the shot of adrenaline coursing through his veins.
Kind regards,
And still, he lost to him.
‘Must be because you guys make the best pancakes,’ Peter remarked as he entered the kitchen, followed by Natasha and Thor.
‘Nay, my little brother. I believe it is best for you to stay here,’ Thor then smiled and placed his hand on the raven’s shoulder. ‘Not to worry, you are in good company.’ He turned his torso slightly, making Loki face his fellow Avengers, ‘These are our friends, Loki. They are strong, much like the Einherjar. There are no hands in which you would be safer. Now, be brave and wait here for my return. Do you think you can do so?’
Peter remained silent for a moment, then limped towards Steve’s cot. ‘Will it fit?’ he asked softly. ‘The two of us…? I-if you don’t’ mind-’
‘Loki,’ Wanda quickly moved forward, taking the crying child from the doctor’s hand. The raven immediately wrapped his arms around her neck as she pressed a gentle kiss on his temple. ‘So this is how the mighty wizard of time treats innocent children?’ She asked, glaring at the doctor, her words heavy with her Sokovian accent.
‘Which one?’ Peter chuckled as he saw the god think this over.
‘Thank you,’ Loki smirked. He turned away from the teen, cleaning the table he had been working on. ‘Now tell me, what are you supposed to represent?’ he said as he noticed the three-piece suit the teen was wearing. ‘I thought you were supposed to look fearsome on Halloween and to be honest, your costume does not scare met at all.’
The room suddenly fell awfully quiet. Most of the Avengers staring at their empty plates while others turned towards each other.
The four Avengers stared at him with wide open eyes, they then looked at each other and back at Loki again.
So, what did you think? I added the entire scene with Peter and Loki playing in the garden, at first, I was planning on skipping it... I just really hope you liked it XD
‘Everything’s fine, Peter! We will be down in a minute!’ Tony shouted, followed by a sigh so deep the three could hear it down the stairs. They kept their gazes towards the stairs, their eyes widening as they saw Tony finally leaving his room. He was wearing a baroque-style suit, his Breeches stopped at the knee, with white stockings worn underneath and heeled shiny black shoes, which had large square buckles. The man's long, narrow coat was trimmed with a leaf-pattern braid and all the fabric was in yellow-ochre and gold, except for the white stockings and white dress shirt.
He watched as Steve concentrated on his drawing, each line creating more depth, each curve bringing the project closer to life. The childish doodle slowly turning into an actual suit of armor. ‘Where did you learn to draw like this?’ Tony asked as he stared breathlessly at the amazing sketches on the glass board.
Steve was taken slightly aback by the playboy’s kind consideration. Running out of energy was always a terrifying experience, as if all life slowly vanquished from his body, leaving him cold and fearful for he did not know when or even
‘Uh, yeah, sure, there’s a refrigerator over there, help yourself,’ Tony pointed at a small white refrigerator underneath his work desk.
‘Dad,’ Peter called worriedly, letting himself fall on his knees in front of the blond together with Tony while the trickster took a few steps back.
He looked at that oaf again, an abrupt feeling of deep affection washing over him. Thor was kind to him, Thor would protect him, Thor would do anything for him. Loki quickly averted his eyes as a light pink blush colored his alabaster skin, wondering where this sudden realization of fondness came from.
‘Peter, please, I know what I am doing.’ Loki snapped agitatedly, but as he looked at the teen’s worried expression, he sighed. ‘Listen, Peter, I am truly sorry… I meant what I said, I just wanted to help…’
‘No way!’ Quill laughed, ‘I knew that guy was a bit of a playboy, I just knew it! Didn’t expect him to knock a girl up though, but, still!’ he then crouched to his knees, studying the raven. ‘Man, he looks
It didn’t take long for Steve to step into the playboy’s workshop, the sweet scent of soap following him, overpowering the smell of grease and sweat. He saw the playboy and smiled, cheeks rosy and body wrapped in warm and comfortable clothes.
‘Woow, Tony, hold on.
Hitting the brakes as hard as he could, Quill somehow managed to dodge the old man. He threw his entire body into a sharp turn, causing the cart to spin out of control. One of the wheels hit the edge of a small promotion stand, launching the three Avengers into a huge pile of bright purple colored, lavender-scented toilet paper.
‘Come on, love, let’s clean your face, okay?’ She brushed a strain of raven hair behind the trickster’s ear and smiled affectionally to which Loki nodded.
‘Yes, why was he staying here, anyway?’ Tony asked. ‘This isn’t a hotel, is it?’
‘The kid?’ Tony sighed. ‘Okay, well,
The playboy stared at the raven with wide eyes as he caught his breath. ‘Friday?’
‘What did Fury want from you?’ Tony asked as he handed Steve a cup of coffee.
‘Sure do, Tony texted me. I’m Steve. I’d give you a hand, but,’ the captain said as he showed his hands, which were stained by the charcoal pencil he was drawing with.
Peter gave a quick nod, ‘Me and Cassie, yes. I- I don’t know where she is now though. I don’t know where dad has taken her.’
I wanted to post this way earlier, but then a lot of shit came up so I had to postpone and I really wanted to do some more writing but I didn't really get the chance to do so... being an adult sucks sometimes *dramatic sigh* XD
‘What can I say, Rogers? Murder is an emergency, I’m sure she’ll cut me some slack. We’re colleagues, after all.’ The other countered with a confident smile, dark sunglasses covering his eyes. He looked up at the building, his mouth slightly ajar as he stared at the old, yet stately mansion. ‘How fancy.’
Stane sighed, his jolly expression turning grim. “
In the meanwhile, Peter, who walked a few feet behind the two Avengers, was starting to get a sore neck from constantly having to check on the trickster behind him, whose pace just seemed to get slower with every step he took.
The blond parted his lips, recalling the events that were still saved on his memory. ‘He used me for sexual pleasure. Tied me up, beaten me, strangled me, cut me.’
‘Think you’ve learned your lesson?’ Steve growled in Tony’s ear as the man’s legs gave out and he caught him in his strong arms.
‘… I do not think so.’ Thor looked at the raven with a beaten down expression. He had hardly ever set foot in his brother’s room and only now noticed how basic it was. It was indeed as if no one owned this chamber, as if it was just a spare bedroom.
Peter nodded and slowly leaned back into his seat, making himself a little smaller.
A light switched on, though it was not in the corridor. Tony squinted his eyes as the curtains on the second floor opened, revealing a young teen. The boy’s tousled hair covered part of his eyes, which he rubbed sleepily. He yawned and stared at the man standing on his porch, most likely wondering why the stranger was there in the first place.
The two nodded, following his lead and making sure to stay close. Peter’s eyes were wide in astonishment, a crunching sound coming from beneath his feet as he walked over the gravel path towards the grand door. This will be his home now. This will be the place where he will grow up, celebrate his birthdays, holidays, and spend the rest of his life with the people he would now call family. He stared at Obadiah’s back, tears slowly filling his eyes as he wanted to wrap his arms around the man’s waist and thank him.
Loki nodded in excitement and stretched his arms out to take the paper and colorful markers the blond handed to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Loki,’ Steve started, noticing the red color on the raven’s cheeks. ‘Aren’t you warm? You were wearing a long-sleeved shirt yesterday as well, weren’t you?’
‘This is just going to end in one hell of a horror movie,’ Tony grumbled as he managed to pull his feet out of the mud. ‘Have you ever seen “The Blair Witch Project”? That’s what this is, I swear. And then one of us will suddenly disappear and the other’s will start screaming and yelling and apologizing in front of a hand-held camera, and given the fact that I’m of royal blood,
‘You said, “fuck me.”’ The doll stated matter-of-factly. ‘So I did as you wanted, master.’
‘Yes, well it’s not my fault that you pick boring movies,’ Tony shrugged and he pulled the captain closer, pressing his lips against those of the blond, his hands now softly massaging the back of his neck. ‘plus, it is also not my fault that I had something way more interesting lying next to me.’
‘You guys okay?’ Steve asked carefully as he walked into the lounge, Peter by his side.
Peter looked up at his father, hesitation clear in his eyes. ‘I- I don’t think- I mean…’
‘How did you-’
‘No, that is not-’
‘Are you asleep yet?’
‘Oh, right, sorry,’ Peter smiled and cleared his throat, ‘I, Spider-Lord-King, and my eight-legged horse will guard these stones to infinity! And beyond!’
‘Oh, so Tony is your father?’ Loki said as he nodded.
‘You know, now that we are here,’ Quill said as he swallowed down the last bite of his pancake. ‘I would like to go to a supermarket to stack on some Earthly snacks. We are running out because
‘Thor?’
The two panted and stared each other for a moment, their breathing finally stabilizing as they wrapped their arms around each other, their lips meeting yet again in a gentle and loving kiss.
‘Yeah, that.’ Peter nodded, a melancholic smile then forming on his face. ‘You will become a very powerful god, Loki. You just… just need to sort your priorities on how to use those powers, you understand what I’m trying to say?’
‘I was in my room, asleep.’
‘Well, the seminal fluid was from the victim himself, the blood on the other hand remains a mystery. There wasn’t enough for me to do a proper research. We didn’t find any wounds on the victim, so it cannot be his.’
But there was just something about it that made the hair on the back of his neck stand up. That something being its dull and milky eyes.
‘Sure is,’ Steve agreed as he looked ahead, then turning to the raven again. ‘Would you like to draw with me?’
‘Oh dear Norns…’ Loki whispered, ‘it is starting to effect us as well…' he then looked up at his older brother, ‘Zeus, who had inherited the heavens, and Hades, who inherited the underworld, had one more brother, Poseidon.’
Hi everyone,
‘Lokes!’
‘So that’s why Killian offered his help,’ Tony said as a line formed between his furrowed brows. ‘He didn’t want to help her out of kindness, he wanted to gain her trust.’
The AI did as Tony commanded; the culprit now clearly in sight as he seemed to struggle to breach the highly secured building. ‘He seems a little young,’ Tony noted. ‘Armed?’
have a relationship. There. Clear?’
‘Hey, kid, wait-’ Tony started, wanting to take the shield back but Loki dodged him by quickly diving underneath one of the work tables, popping up on the other side. ‘I suddenly feel like running,’ he said as a bright smile colored his face, ‘chase me!’
‘Oh, yes! And I always knew what that little bastard was up to as well! Had to keep a close eye on that one.’ The man laughed and leaned slightly forward, lowering his voice as if he was going to tell the two a very big secret. ‘You see guys, the thing with younger siblings is to let them
‘You can use those, if you want to… or, need to…’ Tony frowned as he thought this over, then quickly turned on the shower. He placed one of his biggest towels at the sink and made sure there was plenty of shampoo and shower gel. ‘Take all the time you need, okay? What’s mine is yours.’
‘Why are you carrying drinks, anyway?’ Peter asked as he could no longer contain his curiosity.
After a seemingly endless lecture on responsibility, safety and shopping carts from a manager, who seemed to be about done with his life, the three Avengers were sitting outside on the sidewalk in front of the store. The summer sun was starting to go down, leaving an orange hue over the usually grey and dull parking lot.
The first person Loki would speak to was Peter. The teen had spend hours trying to talk to the trickster, telling him day to day stories or funny anecdotes every time he saw him, even though Loki did not seem to care much about them. He brought the raven Earthly snacks to try such as M&M’s, Oreos and Twinkies because, according to the teen, “they are the freaking best”. It was only when Peter’s daily visits had come to stop that Loki actually left his room for anything other than food. Wondering where Peter was, Loki had asked Thor and he told him that the teen had fallen ill after his last mission.
‘Mister Barnes,’ was the only thing Peter had to say.
The potion turned a violent shade of purple and lightened the room once more, nearly blinding the trickster before turning completely transparent, much like water.
‘Do you want me to stop?’ he asked quietly, hands resting just above the zipper of his pants.
‘Want me to help?’ Peter offered, already looking over the captain’s shoulder, ‘So, you’re white, huh? Yikes, doesn’t look to good for you.’ He said as he noticed that most white pieces were already carefully lined up next to the board. ‘Who are you playing against, anyway? Mister Banner?’
A moment of silence followed as Steve stared at the playboy, ‘… Tinker with tech?’
Thor slowly stood up from his seat, anger raging through his core and blazing in his bright blue eyes. ‘As I said, Mister Rogers,’ his voice was strained, his nostrils flaring as he took deep breaths. ‘I would have killed him, if I would have noticed that he had even lifted as much as a finger towards my little brother.’
It is the second day of Halloween and here is my second chapter.
‘No explosive material detected. Sending all information to your tablet. As for its sender,’ The AI remained silent for a moment. ‘It seems to be coming from mister Stane.’
‘It is a potion that changes the drinker into whoever he “thinks” he is.’ Thor sighed as he looked at the raven. ‘The costumes made us all feel and act like the characters we want to be for this party,’
‘Easier for themselves or for us?’ Steve asked as the two walked into his office, his attention shifting towards his red-headed coworker. ‘Anything on Killian yet? And where’s Sam?’
Shout out to everyone going to DCC! (Dutch Comic Con) this weekend!
PS. For those who do not know, the three Norns in Norse mythology are female beings who rule the destiny of gods and men. I guess you could say they are the gods of the Asgardians... If that makes any sense XD
“Charming? That would be perfect!” Antonia bursts, voice full of ire, “Rogers! She has barely met the man and she is here calling him Rogers as though they are old friends!
Steve’s answer is dripping with sarcasm, “Gee, I really Bucky’d our first meeting.” And Tony’s off again, Steve helpless but to chuckle in response. There is something so innocent about Tony’s laughter he can’t NOT join in.
“Ah yes, this suspicion had been brought to me by the Cages weeks ago.”
They arrived both in a time that both felt too fast and too slow, and Antonia felt out of sorts when Steve opened the carriage door for them both, offering out his hand to help her down the steps. Antonia idly noted just how much his fingers enveloped her own, and despite them being gloved she could almost feel the calluses beneath that she’d committed to memory.
“Did you miss my tongue in your mouth?” Steve says, as way of answer, learning quick that Tony speaks fast and uses humour to dress up words and deflect. Black humor makes a good bedfellow, Steve should know.
The problem with an idle comment, a muttering made in passing, is that is very hard to wish something out of existence rather than create it in the first place. Thoughts take root like trees in the back of Steve’s brain, and they scramble for purchase against the rocky crevasses of his mind. So when things get complicated, when technology and culture seems so far and yet so stunted from what he would have assumed, it is easier to imagine himself out of existence than to understand it.
She shakes her head viciously, perfectly coiffed hair bouncing and coming undone, “It’s what he would of done.”
They walked off, followed in half a minute by Captain Rogers. Mr. Marvel took it upon himself to take Pepper under his wing, claiming he’d show her the views at the top of the hill, and soon it was only Clint and Antonia who remained, and the young man’s spirits now rose to a pitch almost unpleasant. Even Antonia grew tired at last of flattery and merriment, wishing herself walking quietly about with Steven, or even
An assumption which proves incorrect, as Natasha is already down there, throwing knives. With each throw she groans, and every time it is off target she screams angrily. For a woman normally so silent, not giving away so much as an eyebrow quirk, it’s extremely out of character, and Steve slightly hesitates before opening the glass door.
it’s a coping mechanism. Steve doesn’t have the heart to tell her that she’s wrong. He’s still the skinny kid from Brooklyn who was always taught to stretch a meal, and so he can’t help himself from taking smaller portions and after the team eats he’ll stay up until midnight picking at the bones until he has enough to salvage for another two or three meals.
“Captain Rogers? A host?” Mr. Banner joked, “I never thought I’d see the day!”
“Darling, you are awfully quiet. Was the Hill not a resounding success?”
“Why must you think I am the one to blame,” – said she, “I am your daughter and surely your confidence should side with me!”
“Always.” Tony promises, “stay safe, bond of mine.” And the words are ancient, steeped in tradition. They are meant for marriage, meant for oaths. The surprise reads on Steve’s face as clear as glass, and Tony can’t stop himself from smiling, from tracing the answering smile on Steve’s face with his fingertips.
“T,” Steve’s voice is so warm and fond and gorgeous, even when filled with sadness, “I’m heading back out tomorrow, but I hope to be stateside again in a month or two. Write to me?”
Tony is everything Steve isn’t. Steve is like an actor, hand him the material and he could play the part of super soldier to a t but Tony is director, producer and scriptwriter all at once, creating and moulding and inventing without a second thought. There is something about the genius that burns too fast, too hot. A spark and magnetism that draws everyone to him like a moth to a flame. Of course he is stubborn, wilful and arrogant but he is also selfless, sarcastic and the first to throw himself into a fight.
Sam coughs before Clint gets sidetracked, “Let us throw you one. So that they, in turn, can
"I plan to be under Mr. Carbonell myself." Steve whispers, making Tony choke a broken laugh. The receptionist, a bland looking man who looks slightly like an overstuffed pastry, looks up at the sound and narrows his eyes. Tony thinks at first they'd been caught, feels like a kid with his hand in the cookie jar.
of December, when normally she was the hostess, never the guest) had been spent by Virginia at Hartfield, and she had gone home so much indisposed with a cold, but for her own earnest wish of being nursed by Mrs. May, Antonia could not have allowed her to leave the house.
“He.” She repeats, soft like silk, “I’m sure he’s worth it all. They always are.” The words are longing, wistful. Broken and hollow. She shakes herself free from the melancholy, and the words that follow are laced with iron. “You are happy. I know. Hide it. Keep it far away from Howard. That man only knows destruction.”
“I was just going to say we missed you out on the field today.”
Tony?” Steve bites back.
“As if big man, I worked up a right appetite today flexing my guns to impress the ladies.” He jokes, and Natasha rolls her eyes, Bruce huffs a laugh, and the awkwardness that hovered in the room shatters.
“No worries Stevie, just know we’re here when you need it.” Bucky steps round the table, claps his shoulder once, and leaves as quick as he arrived. Steve mentally rescinds the note about needing new friends, and descends into work, any work that doesn’t have Tony’s name stamped across the front.
In this state of excitement, schemes and drama, June opened on Hartfield. To Highbury it brought no material change. The Hammers still droned on about a visit from their friends from town, how they had the opportunity to entertain ‘to their expected standard’, Natasha Romanov was still at her aunts; and as the return of the Murdocks from Ireland was again delayed, she was likely to stay there for a full two months longer, provided she could avoid Mrs. Hammer’s scheming to hurry her into a governess position against her will.
The one conversation he ever has with his mother, Maria Stark, is carved into his memory like a hammer across marble. He’s twelve and late to dinner having been caught up with Petroski and Hadfield, with vivid technicolour robot dreams. He’s happy and it’s a feeling he’s not well acquainted with, as he bounds downstairs to find whatever Jarvis has left warm for him. He’s halfway munching through the cooked ham straight from the hot plate when he freezes, realises he’s not alone, and turns.
Antonia was rather proud having given Pepper’s fancy a better direction than before. She was far more sensible upon agreeing that Mr. Hammer was agreeable in features as much as he was in manners. Antonia was subtle, at least she felt she was, in creating a liking on Pepper’s side. Her mother and Steven might disagree.
He’s sixteen and drink is colouring his vision as he sits at the long oak table. He hates Labour Day, always has. Only Howard Stark could take a day meant for celebration and family and a signal to the end of summer, and warp it into something different. Something with teeth and vicious. Howard likes to use the time to schmooze, invite board members and investors over whilst Tony and Maria play the parts of a loving family to perfection. Tony’s always surprised no one sees through the hollow facade, it’s thin enough to shatter.
But, well, there’s a reason he’s banned from doing dares. Bucky likes to say he’s got no self-preservation. He’s probably right.
“More than an attachment, indeed,” resumed Mrs. Marvel, “an engagement – a positive engagement. To Miss Romanov.”
Rogers indeed! I have known him all my life and I don’t address him to others with that kind of familiarity!” she was unaware of Pepper’s indulgent smile as she kept on in this vein.
When Steve is giving the all clear to go home a week later, the house is subdued. Clint gives him a one-armed hug that lasts a bit too long for it just to be a “welcome back”, Thor has
“I love you.” He whispers, breath hot in Tony’s ear, and Tony wants to scream at the unfairness of it all.
The game was quickly decided on, alphabet letters scattered across the table with the group forming words for each other, or for anybody who would be puzzled. Mrs. Stark joined them, her and Steven engaged before too long in a heated battle of who could make the longest most convoluted word.
“Oh do let me. Captain. Rogers, will you help me?” she asked Steven, freshly fatigued after losing a round to Mrs. Stark’s find of ‘indulgence’. The word was
Tony has dreams, sometimes. Dreams of tying Steve up, of having him splayed out like a god at an altar so Tony can pay worship to each individual
“But I did not think Natasha wished to accept a post so soon?”
Mr. Marvel was exceedingly disappointed – much more so than the remarkably sanguine Mrs. Marvel. Though the disappointment does not last long, as hope always seems to conquer it, and before long they are in agreement that Clint’s arrival in a few months would be a much better time of year for his attendance. How clever he was to be rearranging to better weather, when he could surely stay far longer. Mrs. Marvel, Antonia always thought, was much stronger than she appeared. She was able to keep the remarkably tempestuous Mr. Marvel to heel, whilst running one of the busiest households in Highbury.
Two days of joyful security were immediately followed by the overthrow of everything. A letter arrived from Mr. Sitwell to urge his grandson’s instant return. Mrs. Sitwell was unwell – far too unwell to do without him; she had been in a very suffering state when writing to her grandson two days before, though she had not mentioned it for pride, but now she was too ill to trifle, and entreat him to set off for her without delay.
It all comes to a head mid battle. Tony is
“Ste-“
Such an extraordinary thing – never had she heard of such an event – and now it happened to the very person, and at the very hour, when the other very person was chancing by to rescue her! With him wishing to get the better of his attachment to herself, and Pepper recovering from her thoughts of Mr. Hammer. It was not possible that this event was not strongly recommending each to the other. But she would not step, or stir, or hint. No scheme, no interference. Beyond more than a passive wish would she proceed.
“You can’t believe you managed to keep your hands off me all night in front of everyone.” He says, voice slightly hoarse in a way that twists and grabs at Tony’s lungs. “Men and women alike couldn’t take their eyes off me. You kept focusing on my neck, wanting to bite down on the vein there and mark me in front of everyone, wanted to just take. You couldn’t wait to leave, couldn’t wait to get your hands on me.”
“How sad,” Virginia muses toward the end of their conversation, “If you were to go through your life, without a period where you thought
Tony watches Steve in battle with something akin to wonder. He is a phenomenally good leader. Intelligent (in a way that often takes Tony’s breath away), charismatic, kind and generous. His loyalty is unflinching and his empathy extraordinary; able to take in every factor before taking action and moving his team to the best possible points without faltering.
. We all wonder who she might be.”
.” And Steve’s powerless but to grunt in answer as he continues to pound into his lover. He can feel the silky hot grip of Tony around him, can feel the echoing sparks of how good Steve must feel to Tony thrum in his heart. The feedback is amplified between them, fed back and forth until it’s near fever pitch and
But before she could allow her brain to wander, she thought back to the task at hand. She had to think of the match in front of her, before even beginning to presume one for herself. If Pepper could previously be gratified by James Rhodes riding about the countryside to fetch her flowers, she would be conquered by Mr. Hammer’s admiration.
with electricity he steps up to bat and takes the brunt of a blow that was meant for Clint. The current passes through him, and for a brief moment he feels like he is
"I can only apologise for the assumption." Alexander rushes out, sweat dripping down his face now, distinctly aware his job may well be forfeit.
“So you must be off this morning?”
Tony isn’t sure what he’s being blamed for here but not wanting to be seen in public with the embodiment of perfection is
“Okay, okay, okay.” He repeats, for himself as much for Tony, takes a moment to rein in the impatient part of him that wants to take take take. “To be clear - you want-“
There’s one moment of complete stillness, that almost has Tony balk with embarrassment, before Steve moves forward in frenetic motion to claim what has always been his. He pulls Tony into his arms with a choked off moan, gets his hands underneath Tony’s ass and
of being alive and here and saving the world like he always wanted to.
. In Italy, they mean sadness, to mourn.”
Either one set her aflame.
friend would seem appropriate, particularly given your mother’s love for him. Indeed she sees him as a son, I suppose, and I’m sure you see him as a
“Don’t be silly, I’ll run you home.” He states firmly, and Tony’s eyes are filled with gratitude.
“Did she now.” Steven did no more than nod his head and agree, knowing there was no stopping Antonia when she had the bit between her teeth. Alas, it was his misfortune to speak up at all, for it wasn’t long before she rounded on him, eyes flashing.
‘Look at them, as if they are a family.’ Pepper nearly whispered as she lowered her tense shoulders. ‘Mister Rogers… Aldrich’s death has to be an accident… It just has to be.’
‘But he did not drag Natasha into this, now did he,
‘Brothers can be very overprotective,’ Tony raised his brows. ‘Take a look at Thor and Loki.’
‘You threatened to snap his neck?! To bash his skull in with a hammer?!’
He looked up as he suddenly heard a loud snore right above his head and stared straight into the face of his older brother.
‘Yes, well, it’s a thing, I don’t like him, he does not like me. It’s actually a really good relationship when you come to think about it. Clear and simple, almost like a marriage but instead of love we have loath. Anyway, what do you say? Wanne give it a go?’
what happened.’
‘Is that why you murdered him, Mister Barnes?’ Steve asked, compassion softening his voice. ‘To protect yourself? To protect the ones you now call your family?’
‘Which could take…?’ Steve asked carefully, handing the god a cup of coffee.
Natasha looked at the three men working in the kitchen, a smile forming on her face as she watched them slaving over the hot stoves. ‘Honey,’
I hope you guys really liked it anyway. I've got some funny plans for the next chapter and it will be crazy and much better than this one, I promise!
‘But Thor did not want to part from Loki, and that’s where you stepped in.’ Steve figured as he fiddled with a pen. He continued after Pepper nodded, ‘Miss Potts, what is your relation to Mister Killian?’
Peter remained in doubt for a moment but as he saw Loki’s hopeful eyes on him, he just decided to give it a try, it is not like Quill was going to listen to him anyway.
‘Well, though I believe your constant thirst for knowledge and curiosity is coming from Anthony, I believe you ow your more caring side to Steven.’ The god shook his head with a chuckle after which he went up the stairs and helped the captain to bathe his younger brother.
He quickly shook his head, mumbling some curses as he saw the first signs of dawn. He threw his legs over the edge of his bed and rubbed his eyes, trying desperately to get Steve out of his mind and continue his life the way he used to. A life of partying, tinkering with tech in his lab and…
‘So, you going on another mission?’
‘I said move!’
‘Yes, and I thought it was a good idea to read him a story,’ Natasha said after giving the archer a quick deadly glare. ‘so I handed him over to Barnes over here, but…’
‘Dad!’ Peter shouted, throwing himself in the captain’s arms, Tony following soon after.
‘Well, that’s just another one for my “stores-I’m-banned-from” list.’ Quill smirked, taking another sip from his XXL slurpee.
‘Where you alone?’ Steve asked as he sat down at the kitchen table, a glass of lemonade in his hand.
Peter looked up in surprise, his heavy voice disappearing, ‘What?’
Stane’s expression turned grim, the hand on Tony’s shoulder tightening. ‘Listen, Tony, why don’t you go home? It’s already late and I just want to go to bed and put this horrible experience behind us. I’ll have that doll checked first thing in the morning and I’ll let you know when we find anything.’
‘A shower? At midnight?’ Steve squinted his eyes. ‘Isn’t that strange? Don’t Loki and Thor share that room?’ The blond continued before Bucky could even reply. ‘Was Loki still up that late at night?’
‘Yay, Thor…’ Tony said heavily sarcastic, an unamused sigh leaving his lips as he walked back into the lounge room.
wake Loki. He knew the younger god would never agree on sleeping together like this, not now that he is older at least. He knew that once his brother would wake up, he would yell at him, ask him why they lay together and what in the name of the Norns he was thinking.
‘Probably a spell that backfired,’ Natasha guessed as she looked at Loki, wondering why she felt the sudden urge to hold the child and just hug him through the rest of the day. ‘I do remember him saying something about wanting to practice his magic today.’
The teen sat down on the cot next to Steve, nodding slowly as his eyes remained red. He waited desperately for him to explain.
‘Eight.’
At first, the raven child shrugged again, but then started to nervously bite on the fingernail of his thumb as both Steve and Tony kept staring at him. ‘It’s only takes a few minutes,’ he murmured in his hand, his eyes turned towards the wall. ‘It’s a small price to pay.’
First beat your art struck in my heart,
‘Mister Killian, Miss Potts has asked for your attendance later today. She would like for you to look into some financial documentations,’ Wanda tried again, but in vain. She placed her hand against the door, opening it gently. ‘Sir?’
I will be going tomorrow (24-11) and will be dressed as Thor in disguise! (Ragnarok version, when Thor and Loki visit Earth in search of Odin and meet Doctor Strange)
‘HEADS UP, GUYS!’
He looked up as he heard an all too familiar voice calling out his name, followed by a knock on his door.
‘Peter, don’t!’
‘Aldrich tried to buy my company,
‘Because my dearest Tony here made a bet with Bucky,’ Steve said as he placed a hand on his boyfriend’s shoulder, and although his words were kind, his voice ringed heavily with irritation, ‘and he lost.’
Tony looked at the three Avengers and then at the captain, who stared back at him with bright blue, terrified eyes. ‘Okay, honey, come on, we can do this.’ The playboy whispered and he took a deep breath.
Steve sighed but nodded nonetheless. He always respected the commissioner even though they argued a lot. Fury usually disagreed on his methods during his investigations, finding his decisions either too risky or even unparliamentary.
‘A small price to pay?’ Tony repeated in horror. ‘To pay for what? How did you have to pay?’
They spoke further, the conversation changing and meandering in a way particularly pleasant to her. After walking together so long, and thinking so much alike, Emma felt herself so well acquainted with him, that she could hardly believe it to be only their second meeting. He was not exactly what she had expected; less of the man of the world in some of his notions, less of the spoiled child of fortune in others. His ideas seemed more moderate – his feelings warmer.
“She has always been a favourite with him.” Mrs Marvel remarked, in news to Antonia. A favourite since when? How? Did they converse and she did not know about it? The thought made her queasy.
Although, it was made better by being able to form an opinion, however uncharitable, that the woman was no more than ‘pleasing’ to the eye. Yes, Pepper was far her superior in grace and beauty. She did not really like her, though she admitted she hurried to find a fault out of retribution. Her person was rather good; her face not
“If you please my dear, with all my heart. I am quite ready. I was ready to have gone with her earlier, but this will do just as well.”
told her that he loved her, that much was certain. And perhaps then, surely, she must be a
"I can't believe - I'm so sorry - it's just one night stays booked last minute with late night check-ins are a red flag and well - well." Liam splutters, gesturing at Steve's attire, which only serves to make the
- can you believe it? Loki has a seriously fucked up sense of humour.” Tony jerks as Steve gently presses a hand to his forehead.
So, long segue into the boring aside, it’s not totally outlandish to understand why Stark’s name was the first across his lips. It’s more that Steve’s never met the man. Not yet. The team don’t know this information, and Steve’s hoping to keep it from them forever. Never mind that two of his team are former
Steve takes Tony up to his room, and makes to leave when Tony grabs his shirt. “Wait,” the man blurts out, and Steve freezes. Tony seems to struggle for a minute to find the words, “Clint’s injuries. They’re my fault.” He says sadly, and Steve starts to shake his head, “No! No really, it’s my fault. I designed that arrow. I mapped out the probability of failure. It’s my fault he-“his voice broke, and Steve’s heart nearly does the same in sympathy, “My work does
Steve isn’t used to have anything that is truly
“No sooner did her letter arrive, than she did!” Miss Hill’s tone was ebullient.
Steve sets his jaw mulishly, “I think plenty of people would like to hear what I’ve got to say on Roberts’ active roster.”
, for the first time, at Anthony Stark. At her son. “You look
The grin that had threatened his face vanishes, “Don’t want to talk about it.”
He watches the woman who gave birth to him spot him looking, and for a moment her eyes become so unbearably fond and broken he has to look away and let the silence speak for him.
I have an epilogue to post, but before I do, I would like to pass it to you. Is there anything you wish to see? There is a few loose ends I will be tying up and have written already, but I would love to be able to write something in that you would love to see as a thank you. A wedding? Steve and Antonia telling Maria? I hope to publish the epilogue on Sunday, and if you have anything you'd like to request tell me before then either by comment or on tumblr!
“Do you want to come inside?” Steve asks, helpless. Tony shakes his head empathically and repeatedly.
As she approached she saw Miss Hill’s features school into slight disapproval, “Miss Stark.” She started, “Walking alone?”
“Steve then.” He says in return, and their eyes catch on each other, snag, and tangle in a way that makes the air feel a million times warmer. “I appreciate you might feel that what I am here to do goes against your highly individualistic security here. But there is a reason we were hired by Miss Potts, a reason you are genuinely interested in our recommendations despite what your mouth might say. And with all due respect, I’d like to see it through. My team are
The evening before this great event (for it was a very great event that Mrs. Stark should dine out, in particular on the 24
“Good morning, Miss Stark.” He bowed low, though not low enough that Antonia couldn’t see the tremble of a grin around his lips. He was pretty, in the way that a man arrogant enough to know he was handsome only could be. Charm ran off him like water, and he unfolded himself from the deep bow with a charismatic smile, “I find Highbury to be as pretty and welcoming as it’s hosts.”
Tony shakes his head emphatically, “No, no, no, I do want to. Oh my god do I want to. Especially that Captain-y voice I was just graced with. Holy shit I didn’t think I had a kink for authority but you’ve just blown that out the water. I just want to make sure you want to. Informed and enthusiastic consent is kind of a dealbreaker for me.”
It’s surprisingly difficult to avoid people in the Avenger Tower, considering its size. Steve makes it work, though. He takes to waking obscenely early, even for him, running until his lungs burn with it, before returning to the Tower on shaky legs. He runs through the motions of showering, eating, just doing enough to be present. It doesn’t feel dissimilar to when he first resurfaced after the ice. He is still Captain America in the field, able to reel off orders within a breath of assessing the situation. He’s clinically efficient, working faster than ever, but he only receives strange and questioning glances after battle. He doesn’t look at Tony, only sees the looks of hurt and confusion out the corner of his eye. He doesn’t think he could stand to see his ever so expressive eyes head on and not blurt out the whole sorry affair.
The conversation continued as such, without much headway, for the better length of an hour. Antonia could see dusk peeking at the windows and quickly made her leave, but not before suggesting the pair pay a visit to Hartfield before too long. Social niceties were tedious when they contained a pair like Miss. Hill and Miss. Romanov – one an over sharer and the other as dry as could be. But there was gossip to be had, Antonia was sure of it, for when they spoke of a Mr. Murdock there was a tension there that suggested a need for further investigation. One away from prying eyes and loud mouths.
“I never should have presumed to think of it at first,” says Pepper, further sliding the knife between Antonia’s breastbone with every word, “but for you. You told me to observe him carefully, let his behavior be the rule of mine – and so I have. But I now seem to feel that he has shown attention to me, and that I could deserve him, or at least be so very grateful and generous to him as a wife.”
“I’ve been best friends with Bucky since we were little. Joined at the hip. It was never really a question of what we were doing, just that we wanted to make sure we did it together. I met Clint in basic training climbing through the air vents. Our CO had taken one of the boys lads mags and said fifty dollars to whoever retrieved it without him catching them. He had it within two hours. Nat was two years in, covert ops mission. I’ve never met anyone so tenacious in all my life. Bruce was assigned as our medic. Sam was actually after, through Shield.” Steve sighs to think back on it,  “They are a bunch of brats, but we’ve gone through a lot of shit together. What about you? I hope your friends are more well-adjusted than mine.”
Steve muses.
Miss Hill gasped slightly, “But it is not safe. And now Miss Ross has become Mrs Banner you must find a walking companion. What if you had walked into the
“It is true that the Cages are in trade, and of low origin, and I would never dream of accepting an invitation from them.”
“Nonsense will do.” Clint Barton muttered, “they will be made to talk.” Louder now, “Ladies and gentlemen, I am ordered by Miss Stark, to say, that she desires to know what you are all thinking of.”
He had hoped she would continue, speak again, but she did not. She busied herself about instead, giving credence to the fact she did not want to explain to him. A variety of ugly thoughts crossed his mind – not least that the acknowledged intimacy between her and Mr Barton did seem to agree that he affections were engaged. He could keep quiet, certainly, but that would risk leaving her heart unguarded, and regardless of how he wished it was left open only for him he would not risk Antonia’s trauma leaving it locke it forever.
Her mother looks saddened, and Antonia goes to quickly turn away before she is spotted. One raw conversation is enough for a day, she feels.
“Oh! Yes- but how they were conveyed here? The matter of their coming?”
“Jarvis once told me that the only man that would do for me would be one that could challenge me without controlling me. Who could love me without commanding me. I used to think him mad, for such a man could not exist, and yet you burst into my life; immovable and determined to prove me wrong. I admit I have been slower than you to realise that I loved you, but it seems that now my mind is made up it is determined to catch up. My mind cannot focus on nothing but you.”
Steve’s on the back foot now, personal comment throwing him off, and it’s that which makes him quick to rebuttal, “So then how was someone able to breach your supposed amazing systems?” He asks, tone slightly mean, still smarting at the insinuation that his teams work is anything but exemplary.
Now that she was threatened with its loss, Antonia had not realized how much of her happiness depended on her being
He fought for so long, and the world he died protecting no longer exists, replaced by one where technology is precedence over human contact, and instead of asking for a dames hand to dance boys will call them sluts and other names Steve can’t bear to pronounce. He watches the world around him, so full of lust and blood and speed, and it terrifies him that he is no longer sure whether he’d die tomorrow for it.
“Fuck off Barton, like shit are you meddling with my ‘vomit-free since ’03’ status!” Sam shouts from his desk.
But when Tony coughs into the quiet, and asks “So you coming up then? For coffee I swear.” Steve knows he was only kidding himself.
He pulls him up so they are chest to chest, and Steve lets his weight press Tony down into the mattress, watches Tony hitch a breath and blow his eyes wide. They kiss lazily, unhurried and slow, just enjoying being in each other’s orbits for a time, before Steve feels Tony harden again underneath him, feel the kisses become filthy and lecherous.
Natasha whirls round, knife raised, before relaxing her shoulders.
“Miss Hill.” She starts, sincerity pouring out from the source. “You have friends in Highbury. Myself, my father, Captain Rogers. We are all at your disposal. We are all anxious that you do not worry about Miss Romanov’s future.”
“Ah then!” Clint stood now, carried away with the mischief of himself, and Antonia laughed, perhaps the only one to do so, but the laugh rattled all the same, “Ladies and gentlemen – I am ordered by Miss Stark to say, that she waives her right of knowing exactly what you may be thinking of, and only requires something very entertaining from each of you. She only demands from each of you either one thing very clever, or two things moderately clever, or three things very dull indeed. She promises she will laugh heartily at each!”
Mrs Hammer spoke loudly now, “Mr. Marvel,” said she, “your wife did well to stay at home. Some of us might have benefitted if our governesses were here.” The words were pointed, barbed.
Tony jumps into consciousness like a cliff dive. He wakes, and already his mind plays the night before in vivid technicolour against his eyelids. Howard, the fight. Steve, their kiss. The drive. The evening. Begging Steve to stay.
had the slightest suspicion, you must believe me. If I had, I would have cautioned you accordingly.”
Steve is dangerously stunning, body made for battle, cock thick and hanging heavy between his legs. Steve is his and Tony doesn’t think he’ll ever get over it, ever understand what he’s done to deserve this man to come home to, this man who is wicked and decadent in a way only he gets to see. It’s a quick move to the bed, Tony sinking down onto the sheets with Steve quick to follow above him. Steve’s large frame looming across him should make Tony feel trapped, but all he feels is freedom.
“But the imprudence of such a match, surely?”
He’s not sure what else to say really. Unlike some, he’s never been good with words. He’s not the one to make a fancy speech and win over the crowds (his bond sales don’t count). But he’s been in Tony’s position and
fail Steve. It doesn’t. I can’t allow it to fail. Fucking hell I sound like an emotional teenager – how are you so goddamn easy to talk to Rogers?”
He remained at Hartfield after all the rest, Maria having left too making noises about talking to Jarvis about supper (Steven sighing at this as she made a point to glare pointedly at him and Antonia with her eyes full of mischief). His head was full of thoughts of what he had seen, and he was resolute – as a friend – yes, an anxious friend, to give Antonia some hint. He could not see her in a situation of such danger to her affections, regardless of how he felt about it.
Her own conduct, as well as her own heart, was before her. Clarity she wished to have been blessed with sooner. How improperly she had acted by Pepper! How inconsiderate, indelicate, irrational and how unfeeling her behaviour! It was blindness and madness that had led her on. But she could not bring herself to feel anything but a strong sense of justice for Pepper – the jealous thought that anyone
“My dearest Pepper,” Antonia’s voice is slow, trying to understand the situation that has begun, “what do you mean – mistake you? Am I to suppose then - ?”
“Tony,” Steve’s voice is shaky against Tony’s lips, “god.” And it’s like he’s praying in worship, like Tony’s a deity far above him, able to unman him so. Tony chases the words from Steve’s mouth, kisses down his neck and scents him. He smells of soap and motor oil and home. Tony can feel his heartbeat, a shaky thing, in his neck, reaching forward further to nip at the pulse, met with an answering groan. Steve has both hands up Tony’s sweatshirt now, each fingertip close to scorching as they brush Tony’s skin. It feels like a stellar collision. Astronomers predict that two stars colliding only occurs once every 10,000 years, and this feels similarly momentous and rare and inescapable.
Miss Potts, and Miss Van Dyne, another parlour border at Mrs. May’s, who had also been at the ball, had walked out together, and taken a road. They took the Richmond road, which, though apparently public enough for safety, had led them into alarm with a turn that led them into shade and silence. As they advanced, they came across a copse with a small party of travelers. A child on the watch, came towards them to beg; and Miss Van Dyne, excessively frightened, gave an almighty scream and ran up a steep bank, clearing a hedge at the top and made the best of her way by a shortcut back to Highbury. But Pepper, cramped and fatigued not only from her latent illness but also the effects of her dancing at the ball, could not follow, powerless and exceedingly terrified.
“Then you are gonna love me.” Tony grins, filthy, and the car is saturated in that odd feeling that Steve can’t quite get a grip of without it sliding out of his reach.
“Tony no.” Steve says in
“Which one do you think I’ll prefer?” Steve asks, and Natasha shakes her head, tipping her face forward to hide the slight smile Steve knows is there.
It was done however. This gallant young man, who seemed to love without feeling, and to recommend himself, directly handed over the word to Miss Romanov, with a degree of civility entreated her to look upon it. Captain Rogers caught the word briefly, noting it to be
“Our poor ball must be quite given up.”
Except, perhaps, the fact she seemed to live for the letters received from her niece, which she devoured voraciously and made sure everyone else around them were given recitals of them as well.
Tony just slurs a yes in acceptance, lets Steve guide him down the hallway to a small room just off centre. It smells like paint, like walnut oil and sweat. It smells like Steve. Tony drinks it in, lets it wash over him, lets Steve guide him to bed and take off his shoes, mumbling his gratitude.
Neither of them hear Maria cry out in perfect happiness, neither of them see her turn to Jarvis and hug him so tightly he splutters.
The deep voice is achingly fond, soft and happy. It reverberates around Tony’s brain, settling at last like a cat, curling against his prefrontal cortex where science and computers and all the good stuff lives.
“Yes, with
Tony is, as ever, hard at work in his workshop, and when Steve steps in he walks right through a hologram spanning the length of the room. It’s his armour, split into each individual layer of thread with a number and description for each part. With a touch of Tony’s fingers, or a spoken word, each individual part zooms in or out to his will.
not want to be seen with
The nightmares are particularly awful that night, the image of Peggy and Bucky trapped beneath the ice, bodies unmoving and eyes unseeing still burned into Steve’s retinas. Head aching he goes down the gym, assuming he’ll be undisturbed considering the sun hasn’t yet risen.
“Lest anything be easy for once in my life, huh.” Tony mutters, “It’s fine. Call me up next time you need to use someone else to lie to your friends, parade me around and show me glimpses of a life I want to be a part of, but god forbid you make a real connection.”
Steve had a cheerful and friendly manner, which always did him good no matter the situation. He listened and responded to Maria’s many inquiries with good cheer.
, and Tony owning him in return.
“Anyway, the point was that we wanted you to get back on the horse, so to speak.” Bucky rounds back on Steve, needling Sam momentarily forgotten in the face of his main goal.
"Antonia -" he starts, and coughs once, his voice a husky semblance of what it was before, his fingers play with the curl that forever bids free of the rest of her hairstyle, pulls it gently, "Antonia you drive me to madness."
Steve’s head is spinning. “You sure?” he says, voice guttural.
“They make a handsome couple.” Antonia mused.
Antonia was in half hopes that Mr. Hammer may have dropped a hint. Captain. Rogers was sort of a general friend and adviser to most, and she knew Mr. Hammer was not alone in looking up to him.
“So what’s the problem?” And like Steven always had the keen ability to do, he saw immediately through what she was thinking, cut straight to the heart of it, “Oh I see, you haven’t received an invitation yet?”
“Yeah.” His voice is hoarse, “yeah fine. Glad to have you back Shellhead.” He manages to force out, clapping Tony once on the shoulder, before making excuses to puzzled faces and running out the room like the hounds of hell are nipping at his feet.
“I should probably get back.” Steve suddenly says, Tony mid-sentence. He flushes at how rude that was, the image of Sarah Rogers slapping him upside the head with a hissed “
They decided to strike out, the three of them minus her mother. She wasn’t one for long walks, the cold making her bones brittle, so she waved them off with a curious gaze and a promise that she wished to stay in to be present for Captain. Rogers visit. Antonia tamped down the disappointment that she’d miss the elusive Steven once more, putting gossip and excitement above it, and struck out on the path to Highbury.
And the way he spoke once he knew the tables were turned! The filth that began to pour from his mouth! It didn’t bear speaking of. Even thinking of it turned her stomach. She couldn’t tell Steven, not of exactly what he had said. She couldn’t risk his friendship and she couldn’t risk the conversation that it would probably warrant. She wouldn’t.
Tony’s heart sinks like a stone, “Met who?”
“I do envy him, Antonia. His secret is out at least. In one respect he is the object of my envy.” Steven caught Antonia’s eye, and snared in his gaze she could not look away, even as bile rose in her throat. They seemed no more than a breath away from the subject of Pepper, and everything in her screamed to avert the subject at all costs.
She was not to see Clint Barton this morning. He had informed her he could not allow himself the pleasure – that he was to be home in the middle of the day. She did not miss it. It was so obvious to her now, that her infatuation had simply been the flattery of his sole attention. For certainly this cool and collected feeling she had towards him was not anywhere close to the love that the novels she poured over spoke about.
“I must have been very very good in a past life, cause this feels like an eternity.”
“Never.” Tony whispers back, and Steve leans in, pressing his forehead to Tony’s, rubbing his thumb across his lower lip and Tony can’t help but grant him entrance. Steve presses a thumb in, seeking heat and when Tony laves the digit with his tongue he watches Steve’s eyes dilate before the man reluctantly pulls his thumb out and lifts it to his own mouth, sucking it dry. This moment should be a little bit filthy and dirty, but Tony feels laid bare.
It’s not long before the door is swung open, and Tony blearily looks up at Steve’s self proclaimed best friend, viciously aware of how awful a first impression he is giving but unable to summon the energy to change it. The imprint of Howard’s punch is starting to bruise against his cheek, he can feel aching weariness in his bones, his eyes won’t stay fully open.
letter from her niece?” Antonia moans, ignoring the stern look Steven rewards her with.
Steve doesn’t have a death wish, or at least he doesn’t think so. He is the first one to throw himself into the worst of a fight, because when Thor’s not around he knows that whilst Tony may have his suit and Banner has the Other Guy and Natasha has her knives and Clint his arrows – it is him who can take the biggest hits. He
‘There you go,’ Tony smiled as the blond moved quietly in his arms. He let him twirl on his feet before holding him even closer, his forehead resting against the dolls.
With Tony at his side Steve made his way deeper into the garden and walked straight towards the shed, meeting the tall and broad man he saw earlier. ‘Good morning, I’m Steve Rogers, Criminal Investigation Department, this is my colleague Tony Stark.’
Loki nodded. He jumped from his chair and disappeared into the hallway, old wood creaking slightly as he continued his way up the stairs.
Steve jumped from his chair, leaving his beer standing at the bar unfinished. ‘We’re gonna catch a murderer,’ he said as he was already walking towards the front door, not even looking back at his partner.
‘… Leave it,’ Tony kept staring into Steve’s eyes. ‘Just- leave it, for now. Let’s both go to bed. Seems like you had a pretty long day, so I can only imagine how tired you must be.’
‘What?’ Peter asked after raising his face from the cushion and gasped for air, ‘Oh, you mean this?’ he asked as he looked at his suit, ignoring his father’s remark, again. ‘No, dad made a modification to my web fluid formula, so I took it for a spin after school. Nah, I’m just beat from classes all day. Sometimes I just think mathematics teachers are out there just to make life harder, I mean, you try and figure out how-’ Peter then stopped and frowned as he only now noticed that the captain was sitting at the salon table on the floor, a board of chess in front of him. ‘I didn’t know you played?’
Loki fought bravely against the sour flavor that remained in his mouth, Norns he hated potions, they hardly ever tasted good. He took a deep breath and looked at the other Avengers in anticipation, waiting for the brew to work its magic.
Peter, Thor and Loki looked at each other for a brief moment. ‘Sounds like your parents are in quite the argument, Peter.’ Thor said as he heard the captain and the playboy quarrel back and forth, Peter nodding slowly.
‘Master…?’ The bot continued. ‘Please- don’t- don’t send me back to Master Stane.’
‘D-dad…?’ Peter stammered after which he shook his head. ‘Dad, it’s okay, you’re fine, just-’ he tried as he approached what once was the captain, but as the creature nearly lost its footing, it scraped the skin on the teen’s arm with its claw, causing Peter to hiss and take a few steps back again.
‘Funny, guys,’ Steve sighed with a slight smile, ‘very funny. A real classic.’
Netherlands~!
A video feed popped up on one of the many television screens, showing the roof of Tony’s mansion. The playboy frowned and placed the bottle back on the countertop as he saw a hooded figure moving through the shadow and trying to open one of the windows.
‘Okay, Peter, we’re here,’ Obadiah stopped in front of an old, heavy door. It was clear that it had been painted long ago as dark spots of wood started to show beneath the fainting white paint. ‘This will be your room.’
‘Peter-’
Steve pulled of his mask with a loud gasp, throwing it away together with the fluffy paws of what now was his costume again.
‘Thanks, kiddo,’ Steve mumbled as he took Peter’s hand and, with a little help of his son, finally made it to the bottom of the stairs.
Tony blinked his eyes in complete surprise. He opened his mouth, wanting to ask him how he did it, but Steve cut him off.
‘Oh, very funny,’ Clint rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, ‘I mean;
The young teen looked up and offered her a weak smile. ‘Of course not,’ he held her hand in his own, trying to reassure her. ‘He’s our dad now. He loves us. Cause that’s… that’s what parents do…’
Tony stared at the raven who was now running circles around the table, hammer still in the air, laughing all the while. ‘Friday… what the fuck is going on here?’
‘So, Thor is your father?’ Loki then looked from Thor to Vision and back again. ‘Well, it does explain the cape.’ He smiled, ‘my brother always loved capes.’
‘So, Loki went to Killian, like he always did,’ Sam started, ‘expecting to pay the “small” price like he had to do, every night.’
‘Steve, please don’t,’ Tony tried but with a shake of its head, the captain burst through the front door, and ran into the darkness.
‘How so, little brother?’ Thor smiled as he picked Loki up and placed him on his lap, his arms affectionately wrapped around the younger god’s body.
claimed to be asleep when the murder happened so, all in all…’
‘I knew that there could only be one person who could have done this to my brother,’ Thor looked up, tears escaping his eyes. ‘I went to Killian and barged into his room. He was just… just sitting there, watching tv. Drunk.’
His stomach tightened at the sight of the blond, standing almost helplessly with nothing but a blanket to cover his blood and semen stained body. Tony looked away for a second, his heart aching with guilt, his eyes burning with tears. He forced himself to keep reminding that Steve was nothing but an impressive piece of technology,
‘You look awesome, Thor!’ Peter said as he admired the god’s costume, a shorter white toga with brown sandals underneath. The blond’s strong body perfectly presented as the costume left most skin bared.
MissBoaBoa
‘I am ready captain Star Lord!’ Loki laughed as Quill’s contagious excitement took over him, though he had no idea what was going to happen.
I even have my own Mjolnir XD (a black umbrella)
I really hope you enjoyed reading it!
Steve stuffed his face, barely chewing before taking the next bite. He eventually looked up at his master, noticing he hadn’t moved an inch. His master stared at him, blinking his eyes. Steve slowly lowered his pizza slice, his cheeks coloring red, ‘I- I am so sorry.’ He only then realized his still had his mouth full and quickly swallowed. ‘It’s just- it’s been so long since- w-well-’
‘Shit…’ Tony cursed in shock at the kid’s desperate attempts. The child seemed to pay him no more attention, his focus now solely on the doll as he kept slamming and shouting. ‘Steve,’ The playboy pointed at the window, ‘You know that kid?’
bad.’ But as his boyfriend started to curl in on himself, Tony’s expression changed completely. ‘Steve!’
Loki and Thor argued back and forth in the lounge, both sides stubborn as a mule, both sides not willing to give in just yet.
Steve was slightly confused. ‘How many, what?’
‘Uh, yes, he does.’ Thor nodded slowly, ‘however, I am afraid I must disappoint you. My brother is not available for missions at the moment.’
In the first two months, Loki locked himself in his room, only leaving it to get something to eat or drink or use the bathroom. He didn’t speak, not a word, to nobody, not even to Thor. It had kept the god of thunder awake for many nights, worrying whether his brother would ever speak a word to him again.
‘You have yawned twelve times in the past twenty minutes! You almost fell asleep against Anthony during dinner!’
‘You say it’s pathetic and yet you didn’t erase it.’ Steve noted sharply. He managed to look away from the drawing as his master didn’t respond and found himself absolutely horrified as he saw him staring back with wide eyes. ‘I- I am sorry, master! It is not my place to-’
Peter glanced at her from the corner of his eyes, fingers fiddling nervously with the string of his hoody. ‘I’m Peter,’ he whispered softly and smiled at her.
‘You all decided not to tell Miss Potts or go to the police, it would’ve been no use anyway,’ Tony leaned on the table, his face hovering close to that of Thor. ‘So, you had to come up with something else to get rid of Killian.’
‘He’d tried…’ he sat down next to the blond and quickly removed the blindfold. ‘Steve, you need to tell me. Has Stane used you as well? For sex?’
‘Right, but-’ Steve wanted to protest, but was hushed by Tony’s lips against his own. He closed his eyes, his muscles relaxing as he breathed in the man’s scent.
‘Peter,’ Loki started, ‘you do not have to sleep alone, I-’
‘Did I… Did I not do well…?’ Steve asked cautiously as he tried to sit up. He moved slowly, his body trembling though his expression remained stoic. ‘Did I-?’ he froze as he felt the pool of blood and semen underneath his legs. ‘I… I stained the bed. Master. I am so sorry. Please. Let me take care of this. Allow me the chance to clean up the mess I made.’
‘How many times are you going to bother us, Mister Rogers?’ Pepper asked as she crossed her arms. The cold fluorescent ceiling lights casting shadows on her brown eyes. ‘Aldrich’s death was an accident so why am I here in this interrogation room?’
Peter slowly nodded and looked at the raven, ‘he’ll be okay, right? My dad?’
‘Or! We could pretend to be Einherjar, traveling through the vast plains of Vanaheim in search of bilgesnipes!’
‘You’re programmed, right?’ he impatiently pulled the machine out of the sorry excuse that were his clothes. ‘I want you to tell me you want me. Beg for me. Can you do that?’
Tony and Steve remained speechless, the sight of the teen’s abused and trembling body taking away their very voice.
‘M-mister Falcon?!’ Loki clenched onto the man’s strong arms, looking at Peter who seemed to grow smaller and smaller as they soared through the air.
‘Because…!’ Loki said, rubbing his eyes. ‘Because you t-tried to, to place a spell on me!’
‘Well, there you have it,’ Pepper stood up from her seat as the two detectives remained silent for a moment. ‘Can we go now?’
‘We will return soon enough, Loki.’ His voice a mere whisper.
The captain’s eyes then changed back to normal, showing utter regret and fear. It looked around, glancing from the door to the living room, to the stairs and eventually, his eyes locked on the front door.
What happens to the two? How did Steve became the way he is?
A voice whispered in the back of Tony’s mind, sighing words of guilt and betrayal.
‘You brew a sinn potion, did you not?’ Thor squinted his eyes, ‘brother, those are only for the skilled potion brewers to make, and even then, it is remains full of risks!’
Just a few more minutes, and then this would all be over.
‘Okay, everyone relax, we can do this,’ Peter took a deep breath, ‘let’s continue, we should find dad soon enough if we just keep searching.’
Bucky jumped to his feet, his eyes cold as night as he walked straight for the officers in the back of the room who were already pulling out their cuffs. He clenched his hand into a tight fist as the two officers warned him to stay back, the only thing keeping him from fighting being Wanda who jumped in between.
‘Sure,’ Clint nodded, ‘And don’t worry, I’ll go easy on you, old man.’ The two chuckled as they walked back to the compound together. They then looked up in the sky as they saw Sam with Loki on his back, both wearing the same black and red goggles, both with the same concentrated expression on their faces. ‘Would you look at that,’ the archer scoffed, ‘those guys
‘Netflix, huh?’ The blond repeated, raising a questioning brow. ‘Just Netflix?’
‘You like those?’ Tony asked as Steve seemed to be particularly interested in some sketches drawn on a glass board. ‘They’re just some simple outlines, nothing special. I think I even made that one when I was drunk.’ He chuckled as he pointed at a very badly drawn robot. ‘I was so drunk I created some sort of superhero and, apparently, drunk me thinks it would look something like… well, this.’ He smiled and stared at the child-like drawing. ‘Pretty pathetic, huh?’
‘How come I-’ Strange tried to speak, but he closed his mouth again as he tasted some sand in his mouth, coming from the raven’s small bright red boots. ‘Okay, just- just stop,’ but Loki kept squirming and kicking. ‘Listen, I just- I- HEY!’
‘Loki, it is good to see you,’ Thor smiled as the raven ran towards him and hugged him tightly.
