Yes. I live. This chapter has been kicking my ass for literally a year, along with writing with a perspectives I am not super convinced I had a hold on. I don't fully love the blend of Lestrade and Fezzik here, but you know what... it's been one year. I needed to get past it and just let bygones be bygones. Let's hope it's smooth sailing from now on.
The reality of it all crushed into John. This man killed him, he had killed Sherlock Holmes in cold blood and had been allowed to walk away without any punishment for it. That felt like a crime against nature. “Drop dead.” he spat.
Was that really it? Had he really acted out of selflessness? Or perhaps had the Prince Consort been afraid himself?
He wasn't sure when helping Sherlock stopped being a bother, an eye to watch over their son became an acceptable substitute for the traditional work of a farm hand in the eyes of the Holmes’. When Sherlock couldn't be found, it became habit for them to check where John worked. The real change came when he started to sit in silence as John worked, lost in his thoughts but just near friendly company. It was apparent that Sherlock Holmes was not the type to have had many friends or acquaintances; if it wasn't for his station, John might have dared to guess that he was the first.
His breathing was hitched, John couldn't find the words to express what he was feeling. Without saying the words, Sherlock was telling him what John had correctly figured out. Sherlock Holmes
Out on the parapets, King James II held a hand out to the crowds below, lowering it once he had the focus of onlookers. “My father's final words were:
“Well Billy, let me tell you right now you have no reason to be scared of me. Can I tell you a secret? Just between you and me?” John lowered his voice, beckoning the boy forward.
The Prince looked cold, shaking his head at the news. “Damn. The old man had one use and he cannot even provide that. You know what this means, don’t you?”
“I thought you were dead once Sherlock, and it almost destroyed me. I could not bear it if you died again, not when I could save you.”
“What are you asking her for?!” Hope snapped impatiently. “Besides, whomever they are it's too late. See?” Hope pointed with glee beyond the mast. “The Cliffs of Insanity!”
In the year of 498, Prince James had begun overseeing the Royal Guard. It was rather dull work, and he typically just watched their training for long stretches of time and let the Captains do whatever it was that Royal Captains did. It really didn’t interest him. He and Count Charles would make the decisions that needed to be made, while working on their own studies and experiments in the background. All of this would be frequently interrupted as, in his Father’s stead, Prince James would be assisting Queen Janine in the running of the kingdom. There was a coronation to be prepared for, a wedding to arrange and the quickly approaching 500th anniversary of Florin. Work was great and the Prince was stretched thin, which lead most of his duties with the Guard fell into the hands of the Count.
John paddled as hard as he could, kicking his legs with matched vigor. It was noisy, but the splash had already given him away. All he could do was hope to swim fast enough to reach the other side of the channel. The plot to murder him, just to start a war during this time of peace, needed to be reported immediately. He could already see Prince James locking himself in his private studies with the Count and emerging with a devilishly clever plan in response.
The sun had long set by the time John could settle into his bed, his own little house on the edge of the grounds. More of a glorified shed, but it was serviceable. The moment he had tried, John could only think of how Sherlock had been lying down right there when he first told him so. It felt intoxicating and intimate to even touch the spot let alone try to sleep on it. He pushed himself against the wall, back pressed up as his eyes watched the sliver of bed that his lord’s son had lain. It was against proprietary; Sherlock was no duke or count but he was still noble by birth. John came from nothing. He worked for him; he farmed their land, tended their crops, did odd jobs. Occasionally, he would make sure that Sherlock didn't get himself killed. Except that wasn't true, more often than naught, he was spending his time doing the latter. John had even caught himself shirking duties to find reasons to mind the young lord. Even earned them both a telling off from the Missus a couple times for doing so. Even so, John couldn't pin all their interactions on Sherlock when he was just as guilty nowadays.
Molly gave him a sympathetic grin, waving the book in the air once more. “It's a modified retelling… one that I think we are taking a break from right now.”
“I like the idea of it, I remember that from the movie but… the names? They're so silly and the way the storyteller talks--- is too weird.”
The Count looked up, lowering his quill with deliberant delay before answering. “Of course, my lord.”
Dimmock’s gait became solemn, head lowering humbly at his lord’s words. “I’ll see to it, my Prince. Alas, it won’t be easy however.”
“He then proceeded to describe a handsome man with unwavering loyalty and good of heart --- I can only assume that he meant you.” Roberts’ voice turned cold and harsh, abruptly shaking John from the memories. Whatever softer moment had taken his captor had passed and there was no sign of it returning. “You should thank me for killing him before he had a chance to learn the truth about you.”
Hope smirked at his words. “Of all the necks on this boat, highness, the one you should be worried about is your own.” John stiffened at his words, but was relieved as his attention diverted back to Adler. “We will reach the cliffs by dawn and- Why are you doing that?!”
it will be when I strangle him on our wedding night. Once Gilder is blamed, everyone will be so distraught they will demand we go to war.” It was true, Prince Jonathan’s popularity had skyrocketed after his kidnapping. The people painting him the tragic hero and the fact that
Eyes glanced around the different corners of their room as both Rosie Watson and Sherlock Holmes pulled themselves forward in outrage. John jumped as his daughter ripped herself from where she had been nestled against him and feared she was actually going to launch herself at Molly. Mrs Hudson could be heard scolding Sherlock for nearly giving her a heart attack. Neither onlooker could distinguish which one had actually shouted; but from the looks on their faces it felt safe to say that both of them were equally as guilty.
For off in the distance was a black figure chasing them, John looked up at Lestrade ( who still clasped him tightly, as if  he thought he might run towards his pursuer ). There was a sinking in his chest; if The Man in Black was alive then it must mean that Adler…
“Do whatever you want. Just get it done.” Hope relented, a satisfied grin on her lips as he turned to Lestrade. “Let's go.”
John didn't answer, not wanting to admit that he was likely correct. Only paying him any mind when he tossed the bind aside and began examining his wrists. Massaging the area around the veins to assist with restoring proper blood flow; from where he sat John could tell that no long term damage had been done and it seemed that the pirate agreed. Why did the pirate care if his hands were alright? Perhaps it was to ensure he got to demand his full value from his King. Not lose any gold over any damages he might have received.
Sherlock took a breath, pulling himself together, before rising to his feet. Holding out a hand to John and pulling him to his feet. “Nonsense, we’ve already succeeded. After all, what are the three dangers of the Fire Swamp? There is the bursts of flame, which are foreshadowed by a popping sound. Easily avoidable now. The Snow Sand, which I gave of us the benefit of identifying so we can also avoid that in the future too.”
“Yes, the poor thing got herself worked up over it.” Mrs Hudson tutted in agreement, “Not good for her fever, if you ask me.”
.” He added darkly before giving the horse a swift kick and following the trail, leaving his men to hastily trail after him.
? The nerve. He looked him dead in the eye, for once Robert's’ gaze was not the coldest thing on the hillside. Not compared to the icy fury that took hold of him. “And what truth is that!? HMM?!”
His eyes lazily drooped to give the cover of sleeping, but through his eyelashes he could finally begin to put faces to voices. The large man, standing on the upper deck, was undoubtedly the thing that had carried him: Lestrade, or Greg as he recalled the Woman naming him such. He had greying hair and despite being so large a kind face. Yet, his size and veritable strength was likely what had been so off putting about him in Hope's account. If John hadn't been held captive by him, he could easily see him being a face he would have gone to a pub with.
If Molly or Mrs Hudson heard, they had the decency to pretend otherwise. Instead fussing about with Rosie’s blankets and collecting the dishes from the earlier snack. Rosie, on the other hand, despite feeling quite warm once more had heard something else. Footsteps approaching, lingering in the hall and presumably looking into the open door of Sherlock’s bedroom to what currently looked like Victoria Station during the morning commute.
“Why didn't you wait for me?” The question threw him off guard; John blinked as he realised that Sherlock was looking at him with razor sharp focus. For the first time since their reunion, his face was unguarded - such as it was the night he arrived to John’s hut before leaving. Much as it had been the night John had taken care of his concussion after falling off the roof of the barn.
“Well, it'd be foolish of me to refer to my fiancé as Farm Boy for the rest of my life, wouldn't it?”
While Fire Swamps exist all over the world. The Florin/Guilder ones held some unnatural characteristics. All of these were flooding in Sherlock’s mind as they tread through the massive vines, looming trees and muddy grounds. Neither man spoke, Sherlock holding onto John with one hand and his sword in the other. Broad strokes to clear their path as they attempted to navigate the area. It was John who eventually broke the silence, clearing his throat briefly before exhaling, “It's not that bad.”
As if reading his mind, Sherlock looked slightly away from John’s gaze; still half on top of him as if he thought that moving would prompt John to escape or leave him once more.
Dimmock glowered in frustration, “Then don’t just stand here, go give her some trouble! I hardly see why one woman is slowing down our entire operation!”
He was so lost in his thoughts, that he didn’t notice that Prince James and Count Charles had spotted him in passing, watching him from the end of the hall. Prince James, took note of his demeanour instantly. His mind working, processing everything. Count Charles shot him a look, eyebrow cocked curiously. The Prince sighed nonchalantly, “He’s been like that since the Fire Swamp. Must be my father’s failing health that upsets him so…” his voice was clear, not loud enough to count as shouting but enough so anyone nearby could hear.
“Oh!” he had called back, unaware of his presence. “Apologies farm boy, but I recommend staying clear of the South entrance for a while.”
They walked in silence for a few more moments, but this time it was comfortable. Even in the treacherous terrain of the Fire Swamp, all either man could truly think of was how nice it was for the other to be a physical reality once more. It wasn’t until their first brush with the fire swamp’s dangers caught them by surprise that they were jostled back into the reality of the situation. They had been hearing popping sounds since entering, they had always been in the distance so it had been something they made note of but didn’t actively fret about without just cause to.
… Uncle Greg wants to hear it too, don't you?” Round blue eyes blinked with a pout up at Lestrade with the hope for support.
Lestrade couldn't remember the last time he has been bested. It had to have been back when he was much younger; learning how to fight in the wrestling pits around Europe. When he had started fighting, it had been for the fortune of others. The audience had viewed a boy of his might and strength a monster, booing him and throwing things at him as he won match after match.
John gasped loudly  as he used his remaining strength to throw them over the the edge and pull them out. All he could see for a moment was sand as it poured out of every orifice, hair and fold of fabric. When he could finally see clearly, his eyes fell upon Sherlock who was coughing up sand harshly. He instinctively crawled over, patting him on the back in an upwards motion, much like one would burp a child after feeding, as any small semblance of assistance. He felt rather helpless as he watched the man eventually crumple from exhaustion and lack of oxygen. He laid on his side, catching his breath as John rested a hand on his hip. “Well that was tedious…” Sherlock muttered when his lungs finally began to calm down.
The brooch, the one token he had taken from Musgrave Hall --- the token of love between them, was the only thing he let himself keep. During his days on the guard, it had always been pinned under his armour. Resting over his heart, reminding him of why he enlisted in the first place. To protect --- to protect enough people so that perhaps one night he would feel crushing guilt over not being there to protect him. John’s biggest regret was not going with him, convinced that had he that somehow things might have been different. Of course, the dawn always brought the bitter reality back. What would have been different was that they would both be dead. That wasn’t much better. Besides, John hadn’t the money to make such a journey --- it had only been the Holmes’ generosity that had afforded him trip to the capital. Yet, even if Sherlock wasn’t, the brooch would always be there. A symbol to remind him that it had been real. Sherlock had existed, and had loved him and-
His words felt worse than any weapon, and he had once served in the king's army. How dare he? How dare this venomous creature dare to make such accusations about him? If any lingering of his initial comparison to Sherlock remained, it vanished that moment. This was no man; he was a monster. Exhaustion be damned, Prince John rose to his feet, arms bound but that did nothing to stifle how threatening he appeared. He grit his teeth as he made The Man in Black meet his gaze with pure fury. “Shut up. Just shut up! You don't know a damned thing about me.”
John cut through a particularly thick vine, serving almost as a punctuation at his exasperation with this claim. “That’s impossible though, Roberts has been sailing the seas for twenty years and you’ve only been gone for five. You cannot be Roberts, no matter how many times you played pirate.”
Sherlock had been so ready to die for him, ready to face the end with John at his side. The stupid part was, if that had been their only option, John would have done the same; but how could he justify having Sherlock killed because of him when there was something he could do about it?
It was all just a dream. The king still lived, but John's nightmares were growing           steadily worse.  He couldn’t take it anymore. This was wrong. His hand rested upon the brooch. He had made an vow once with this trinket; the most important one in his life. It was a vow John was tired of breaking. Once his breath was steadied, John pulled on his dressing robes and demanded to be taken to the Prince’s study - he knew that the man would still be awake at this hour.
He held it out for Billy, who almost didn't believe it was real before the Prince encouraged him to take it. Billy held the ring in his hand, it felt heavy and it was still a bit too big for his finger but he put it on anyway. Holding it in place with a clenched fist before throwing his arms around John. The sight prompted muttering in the crowd before The Prince Consort returned it with a laugh, bringing a cheer from the people.
Before accepting Prince James’ proposal, he had no idea how true the Prince's concerns were. John saw the shift in people's eyes as they spoke from the King to the Prince and he couldn't admit that he didn't  see why. Prince James was an odd man. Too busy with his own ploys and studies to be bothered with the day to day duties of running the kingdom. It became apparent early on just how much responsibility would be rested upon his shoulders for the daily requirements to of the Sovereign. Yet, John couldn't say that he found him entirely unpleasant.  There was a strange, almost Sherlockian nature in how he prioritised and thought of the humdrum. It was familiar and comforting; and John could easily see a contented life at the side of the future king. Yet it was that nature which also kept them at arm's length.
John looked at her and the man, clear signs of travel upon them, and relaxed. They were not intentionally breaking the law, clearly. Just foreigners who got themselves turned around. As Prince Consort, it would be rude of him not to help this lovely french maiden and her father.
His fiancé looked as if he wanted to tell him something but he was cut off by his betrothed. “I ask you once again, surrender! It doesn't have to be disadvantageous to you. We can come to an arrangement, my betrothed is most important to our people.”
“I just don't understand how?” Molly explained, emerging from the bathroom with a bottle of calamine lotion.
Hope turned harshly, gripping his greedy hands on John’s upper arm. The brooch sparkling in the afternoon sun tauntingly, momentarily drawing John’s eye away from their stalker and onto the token of Sherlock's broken promise. Broken or not; it was all that was left and John wanted it back. Hope definitely noticed, his eyes always watching, had begun smirking. “Lestrade, give me your scarf.”
nobody's following us?” She asked uncertainly, her tone conveying that she had commented on this prospect before.
“But your highness, this task is too grand for such a short period of time. Some of the inhabitants will be quarrelsome at the prospect of being disturbed and are sure to kick up a fuss. I do not think my men as they are will be enough to clear them out in tim-”
It would have been a nice picnic spread, had there not been a dead body sprawled on it. The man, Jefferson Hope. Prince James nudged the man over with his boot, not really wanting to get himself dirty over a man already dead. No blood, no injury.
The blonde girl looked up, face a bit paler than before, as her fingers clenched around the (undoubtedly) expensive bedding Sherlock owned. “Hmm?”
John shook his head, going through his cupboard for clean linens. “No, it wouldn't have happened if you hadn't fought me on the ladder like I warned. That gash isn't pleasant but it's essentially harmless, but you risk concussion. Stop fussing now, and let me clean that up.”
John felt all the pain he had been denying as he sat up off his returned betrothed, Sherlock winced slightly as he followed suit --- clearly he hadn’t been unaffected by the day's’ events. They had both looked better, covered in grass and mud. John still damp and sore from his bonds; Sherlock sweat tinged and exhausted from his duels and treks. Yet in that moment, they were each somehow the most beautiful thing the other had ever seen. Sherlock’s gloved hands fondled the silver brooch, a small smile at the sight of seeing it once again, before shifting closer to John.
“Because he's a DAD!” Rosie exclaimed as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “He's not suppose to do that!”
Irene gave him a small amused sniff, smiling slightly in concession. “My wife was killed by a six fingered man.” At this, The Man in Black appeared more sympathetic, holding up his right hand. He pulled the black leather glove off, revealing only five long slender pale fingers. Irene, pacified nodded her head in thanks. “My wife, Kate - she used to help her father at the forge. He was good at sword making, but oh, Kate breathed it. One day, the six fingered man came and requested a sword. The extra finger prompting a challenge for usual blades to be as effective.”
“So, you admit that you do not love your fiancé…” He almost seemed to be examining him.  Reading him with a such razor sharp precision that he hadn't seen since -
The little girl gasped, “Oh no! Dad are you going to be okay?” Remembering the reason why they had been separated for a bit.
“Not that we need you entirely.” Adler piped up, placing a hand on Hope's shoulder. “You know as a soldier, I thought you would have taken better bearings of yourself.” John’s eye locked on her hand, resting on Hope's left shoulder where just below it he saw something shine in the moonlight. His heart dropped as he reached for his chest and felt only fabric where the brooch usually rested. John’s blood went cold.
Prince James would much rather have spent his time assisting the Count, and coming up with his own little tests. Miracles mattered little in the world of cold hard science, miracles didn't save the exotic creatures and prisoners from dying from his hand in their experiments. Miracles would not keep his father alive. Prince James wasn't emotionally driven to keep his father's health, and as a member of the royal family nobody ever questioned when he held a stiff upper lip on the subject. The longer it took for James to take the throne, the happier he was.
The world moved in slow motion, John watched as both men raised their swords to engage. Oh god, there was no way that Sherlock could win this. They were outnumbered. Even if his fiancé managed to strike his betrothed, the guards would take him out before they could escape. Furthermore, killing his betrothed felt needless. He might be cold at times, but he wasn’t a monster. Prince James had given him a purpose when he was aimless and lost. He owed him. Oh god,
James’ lips parted to speak, but whatever words he intended to say were stripped from him by a second knock at the door. The sight prompted Dimmock to rise to his feet respectfully and bow towards Prince Jonathan, who stood in the doorway with an anxious sort of look. Seeing the nervous face of the normally so stoic and brave prince put to rest any lingering doubts in Dimmock’s mind. It would take more than the whispers of a few kitchen maids to shake that exterior.
John wasn't going to sit by and watch this happen, instead he quickly looked around for the blade he had dropped before hurtling into the Snow Sand. He saw the gleam of steel and ran towards it briskly as he heard Sherlock yell in pain. His head turned in time to see the hellish creature dig it's fangs into Sherlock’s shoulder. Rage boiled in every bit of John’s being as he took the blade in hand.
John didn’t falter for even a second after Sherlock vanished into the white sand. His fingers immediately reached for the dropped sword and hacked at a vine. Tying the loose end securely around his waist, he set the blade down and dove in after Sherlock. He scrunched his face closed, using a hand to cover his nose. He kept his body straight and narrow so he would plummet faster, reaching Sherlock before it was too late. His curls were the first thing he felt. Sherlock wanted to reach for the hand in his hair but narrowing his body would make him fall faster. John forced his arm through the heavy sand until their bodies crashed together. Quickly holding onto Sherlock, giving him a chance to wrap his limbs around John’s neck and waist. John released Sherlock and began the heavy work of hoisting himself back up the vine. The added weight made it hard. He felt his lungs screaming at him, begging him to release the air they held, but John reminded himself that for every ache he felt, Sherlock had already been feeling it for seconds prior. It felt hopeless, that they would die here in the Snow Sand after their short lived reunion. He felt the sand piling in his ears and nose as both arms were making broad swipes upwards before finally breaking through the top.
He gave her a smile, brushing her hair from her face and bending down to kiss the top of her head. “Don't you worry about me sweetheart. How are you feeling?”
“I am.”  John looked up into the sectoral eyes of Sherlock Holmes, he looked older - aged by the ordeals that he carried in his stature. His skin was more tanned, laboring under the sun as a likely culprit based on the deduction the man had made earlier - although, in retrospect, it was less a deduction and more a recollection. Sherlock had already known all of this.
This prompted a reaction from John, his body went tense and he wasn't certain that it was subtle either. A war. These people, his captors, we're trying to start a war and somehow they were going to use him to do it. Yet, if the brute called Lestrade failed to notice then John would have to use this to his advantage - playing dead a bit longer till he could break free.  Maybe learn of information more useful to report back to the Prince.
The Prince thought carefully for a moment; before visibly reaching a conclusion. “There is no need for such theatrics; if this is how you truly feel then consider our wedding off. After all, John, I have no desire to cause you direct harm.” John’s mouth hung open, surprise by the graceful manner in which the Prince was taking this. He remembered the resoluteness of the proposal, and the accompanying threat.
“Because John Watson, you are not worthy of my cheers!” The old woman was small but her words held the bite of a younger woman and a strength well concealed. She made a motion to stand but the guards pushed her back down. John shouted in offense to the brutish nature of the kingsmen. He opened his mouth to apologise but the woman’s fury had peaked once more, her voice now shouting to the crowds around them. “You had love in your hands and you gave it up for gold!”
The majority of this chapter is filling in a missing part from both the film & the movie; explaining how on earth Fezzik knew that The Count was the Six Fingered Man and that they needed to find The Man In Black. An event which was a long standing plot hole in the story. Perhaps that was why this chapter took over a goddamn year to get out. Yikes.
he planned to make that very clear to Sherlock once they were out of the chase. John was a man of honour, he wasn’t going to vanish without a word.
Did John love him too? He certainly cared for him. They were friends, even if the extent of their closeness was secretive for his mother's sake. John had already admitted to finding him attractive, but who wouldn't? Did John love him? He imagined living a world without him. A life without that devilish grin and grinding internal gears. A day where he didn't hear those three little words fall from cupid's bow lips. A world where Sherlock Holmes was gone, he thought of it and John couldn't breathe. His hand had instinctively reached for the cool space of bed where Sherlock had once been, as if feeling him through the memory.
The gunman had been smart and scampered off as soon as Dimmock fell. The others had followed suit one way or another. Irene Adler could hardly contain her relief at the sight of Gregory Lestrade coming to her aid. Giving the brute a giant, sloppy kiss on the cheek as he guided her inside with ease. A  Before she could say a word of joy, she was splashed in the face by the contents of the first cup he saw.
Their run was silent, an attempt to save oxygen and energy until they were able to rest again, which had allotted John the chance to silently begin realising just how troublesome a situation he was in.
It wasn’t just any engagement he planned to break, it was a royal one. In his mind, John could hear the echoes of the words Prince John had spoken when they first were engaged.
The old woman was unsympathetic, tutting as she shook her head in disgust. “You reptile! It is true what I tell you. There was love alongside her in the Fire Swamp and he dropped it from his fingers like garbage, and that is what he is, the Prince of Garbage! BOO!”
Once she realised that she was not dead, Irene has chosen not to bound after her companions. Instead, with having no reason yet to believe anything had gone awry, she had followed the instruction. The same instruction which Hope gave them every time: should things go wrong, should we be parted, always go back to the beginning.  It was not until The Woman had reached the shores of Florin that news had begun to reach her ears. Word of the Prince, a daring rescue, a body, The Man in Black. The whispers varied. Details askew, making it hard to ascertain what was the truth. Still, she was alive. The Man in Black had an honour to him. He had been within his rights to kill her, but instead granted her life.  This was the comfort she took as she opened the bottle of wine, foregoing a glass and setting herself outside their hideout in the woods. Here she would wait.
“I admit,” Sherlock relented, “that I was confused at first by that very notion before Roberts began to explain, and in doing so revealed a second mystery to me. You see, the woman I knew as Roberts wasn’t the original either. So she took me to his cabin, and told me her secret.
This was how he kept himself from succumbing. His mind, keeping it running and at its best. Sharpening it like a knife so he would be ready when he needed to strike. How he was going to do so was still a mystery - but development came as he heard footsteps approach his room. There was the familiar tread of the oddman, but it was accompanied by another.
For the next presentations, it was much of the same. The people flocked to him and John welcomed their presence. He listened to their stories and shared a few of his own. At the end of the day, he would lie down contented until the bittersweet realisation that meeting the people was one of only two parts of his life that brought him any sort of joy.
Roberts rose to his feet and took a graceful little bow, his gaze never wavering from John as he did. “Indeed.” The smirk, that damn smirk, didn't leave his face. God, was he never not smiling that cold smile? John shuddered that the thought that this twisted grin was possibly the last thing Sherlock ever saw. “How may I be of service, your highness?” his voice mocking as he spoke.
. “Sweetheart, you're getting confused. That's not real, that's the story. Sherlock isn't in danger, look see he is pouting over there! Again, thanks for the help, Sherlock...”
Jefferson Hope, a small man with big ideas and even bigger plans. Lestrade could remember still how he awkwardly shuffled around the kitchen to make tea in his small shack that he was much too large for; desperate for the company, even if it came from a stranger with beady and unnerving eyes.  For the first time in his life, Gregory Lestrade felt small. Jefferson went on to explain how he had seen him fight once (in what would eventually become Germany), winning against a gang of seven much older & more experienced fighters before doing something Lestrade had never heard before in his life: praise!
Irene shrugged, the severity of the previous moment passing. “More of a pursuit than a study. It likely will come as no shock to you, but there isn't very much money in revenge. So I make my way through the world, I misbehave.”
“Oh? Why should that make such a-” Lestrade thrashed against a rock again, as the Man winced out, “...differe...nce?”
) had let him upon his feet again as they stopped. Hope looked aghast, but the Prince Consort couldn't help but notice that a curious spark had taken hold of his eye. The little man was thinking, John could practically see the cogs turning in his head as a clever smile spread across his lips. It reminded him almost of the grin Prince James wore when he was being clever - the one that reminded him of Sherlock. Except, this time it was twisted and it unnerved him.
“...it comes down to this, I made a mistake when I took your proposal. Make no mistake, the honour and gracious I felt and feel still for your grace but the truth was that I lied. I was not free to marry you because I was to be married to another. The man I love, and if you decide that you don’t care and I
We've had quite a few chapters without interruptions from Plot B, they will be coming in a bit more as we reach the final six chapters.
Prince James, on the other hand, had been born with a defiant streak. He was born too clever for his own good, so clever that he often resulted in boredom that took on nasty moods. It wasn't until he was 14 years old, under the tutelage of a friend of his father's, Count Charles Augustus Magnussen that he found that conflict was a great stimulant for boredom. The Count trained him in hunting, combat and when he was older, he showed the Prince his experiments. The Count considered himself a scientist of sorts, his topic of study being pain and death. Morbid perhaps, but someone needed to do it and he held the stomach for it. Prince James loved watching his tests, financing their expansion. Eventually, by his 25th year, Prince James and Count Charles had constructed their own lab of sorts. Half Menagerie, half laboratory that they nicknamed in good humour
, Sherlock. You were dead and I didn’t know to think any different! I told you everything up on that hilltop. You left me! You didn’t even die, you just didn’t come home and let me think otherwise. I was destroyed!”
“John,” Sherlock explained with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. “I told you that there was nothing to worry about because Roberts is not whom I find myself attracted to. You see, The Dread Pirate Roberts was a woman.”
Prince John didn't want to admit it to him, but he could use the minute. Well, if he was honest, he needed to be set free but The Man in Black would hardly comply with that request. “Look. I don’t know who you are or what you hope to gain; but I give you my word that if you set me free that you will get whatever you demand.” he tried to bargain. His voice was as steady as the exhaustion could allow.
Perhaps he had been a tad simple in some areas, not to his own fault but due to his upbringing; but Irene knew that underneath that mass and common minded exterior was a brilliant man. Nobody could connect pieces together like he could, a skill which had saved them countless times. Irene was clever, but that cleverness was oft naught which landed her in trouble. Lestrade knew how to read the signs; survey the area. She hoped the man was alright.
Words failed John as the harsh reality of the Prince’s words washed over him. He doubted the last one; that wasn’t Sherlock - but the former. He thought back to the man he had first met, before he had let John into his world. Stubborn, crass, arrogant and cold. How easy would it be for Sherlock to slip back into old and dangerous habits after everything he did for John being for naught?
“No… we don’t him… we need The Man in Black! Think, it’s perfect. He bested me for blade, you for strength, clearly he bested Hope for wits! If the Count has his captive somewhere, then we share a common enemy!
They circled one another, eyes never leaving the other. The two duelists moved in perfect harmony, mirroring the other's movement as if in a dance. Irene had always felt the two were closely joined, swordplay and dance. You needed to be fluid, precise, yet open to improvisation. Something The Man in Black seemed to agree upon.
Lestrade waddled over, clearly stiff from a restless night. John wondered if anyone on board had been able to sleep. “Damn. Shit, Irene what do we do?”
John realised how ridiculous this all looked. Their chairs sitting in Sherlock's room as John and Rosie were tucked into the man’s bed. Greg didn't even know about the ridiculous story -
Molly blinked, looking up from the text that was serving more as a rough guide than anything, “What is it?”
It was a week before the wedding when King James passed away in the night, the news awoke The Prince Consort from his sleep to be brought to the side Prince James and his stepmother, Queen Janine. Watching the Prince's face, twist with a controlled emotional depth he hadn't seen him express before took John by surprise. He had never considered the Prince truly heartless, but he never imagined him to be so affected by the loss of his father - mostly because he seemed to pay little care to him for as long as he had known him.
His fiancé, one armed as his shoulder was still badly wounded, pulled his sword out as he defensively stood in front of John. “You mean you surrender to me?”  he quipped back as his betrothed smirked from his horse down at them. “Very well, I accept.”
Judging by the sigh from Hope, John guessed it was something she did often. “Come on now, I hired you to help me start a war! It's a prestigious line of work with a long and glorious tradition!”
“And what about the R.O.U.S’?” John asked him warily. R.O.U.S, or Rodents of Unusual Size were described to be the size of wolves and as wild as a rabid animal. They were indeed Rodents, proven by the few times in history a stray one would wander out of the woods and die, only adding fuel to their mythical fire. Yet, nobody in recent history had ever truly seen one - which lead to speculation of exaggeration or misinformation about the cruel beasts rumoured to inhabit the Swamps.
Irene gave a sad laugh. “Oh no, Kate worked and slaved for almost a year. Perfecting every tiny detail until it was ready. She was so proud, her finest work. However, when the Six Fingered Man returned he demanded it for a third of the asking price. Kate refused. Without hesitation, he picked up his sword and stabbed her through the chest. I was devastated.” She paused for a moment, eyes shut as if reliving it all over again. Once composed, she continued, “So I picked up the six-fingered sword and challenged him to a duel. I lost, naturally. I had hardly ever touched a sword let alone fought with one. However, the Six Fingered Man let me live - but not untouched. He gave me this…” She angled her head, showing a thin scar that trailed along her jaw, and then the other way showing it's twin.
“You have proven to be very difficult your highness, one cannot help but wonder who would chase you so adamantly outside of the Prince.”
Sherlock’s face was unreadable, a complex mix of so many micro emotions as he kept his face intentionally steeled. John knew better than to take the coldness at face value; after everything of course Sherlock would be upset but he
There will be parts of the story that switch back to the Rosie and Molly plot, there is a funny little side story plotted for the two at Baker Street. However, only the Prologue and Epilogue will be entirely based on those subplots.
John was in love. That was a terrifying thought but God was it also exhilarating to admit to himself.
“I suppose we should get ourselves home though.” John mused just as someone entered the room behind them.
John should have been enraged, he should have snapped and yelled. He should have leaped forward and pummeled him to the ground for not even having the decency to pretend to care. Instead, chalking it up to exhaustion, all he could do was laugh spitefully. Roberts took a seat on a nearby rock, as if lounging, stretching and settling down. “So, who did I kill? Another Prince? As dull and uninteresting as this one?”
. You see, as it so happened that during that time I had uncovered the first of life’s mysteries and had been waiting for a chance to reveal it in a way that wouldn’t cost my head. In the meantime, I was learning how to fence. Studying and learning anything the crew was willing to teach me and what I could gather from my own observations. I admit, perhaps I held off on approaching Roberts about his secret because we had grown to become friends. At the time, I still had no knowledge if I would ever return to you or be killed at dawn but as long as we were friends, I was alive which meant I still had a chance.”
Sherlock could remember the fight, the heated beginnings of a classic John and Sherlock argument before the ice melted away and the two reunited once more. The Swamp, explaining what had happened to him and where he had been all these years. Then he remembered heartbreak, John taking the choice from him. Deciding Sherlock should be alive and alone over dead together. John, he meant well and Sherlock can recognise that - but didn’t he know that either option felt like death to him either way? He had risked his life, given everything he had for John just to lose him even so. That was a fate worse than death.
John willed himself to glance down, his vision blurring from the height initially before focusing on what exactly brought his captors worry. The pursuit ship had docked next to theirs, and a Man in Black had disembarked and had begun
Lestrade reached over the edge, offering a long muscled arm in offering to him. “Gotta be honest mate, I doubt you'll get such an offer from them.”
Yet, in spite of being strapped down in what appeared to be a dark dungeon of sorts with no idea of where he was, how long he had been there, if he was alone, or what was going to happen to him - Sherlock felt rather fine. Too fine. That was what confused him. He couldn’t feel any of his injuries minus his shoulder, which had received the brunt of the damage; but even that didn’t hurt as much as it had before. Almost as if he had been treated while unconscious.
“I am waiting here, Hope. Jus’ like you said to. The plan was come back to the beginning, so I have come back. And I’ll wait here for you… at the beginning.”
The Count seemed to find further amusement from his retort, letting out a chuckle. The type one would use after being told a joke at a luncheon. His spectacles drooped down to his nose, as he leaned in closer to the man. Too close for Sherlock’s comfort, tucking his right hand under his chin to force him to look up at him. . “Well spoken, sir.” he whispered, his eyes already eagerly examining his future test subject. He couldn’t wait to dissect him piece by piece.
At that, Sherlock’s head cocked upwards, feeling the tremors of the ground once again. The Prince’s riding party was approaching. They weren’t directly overhead, still a bit off, but too close for comfort if he could feel their approach. “John, do you trust me?”
When Florin was 494 years old, King James Sholto the First first began to show signs of failing health. His wife, Queen Janine of second marriage, fired the former physician. A
. Both of them felt the air shift again, for a moment they did nothing but look at one another. Really look at one another and it made John’s face feel warm; prompting him to break his gaze so it wouldn't draw too much attention. He felt Sherlock walk past him, hearing him pause at the door. “I mean it every time, never doubt that .”
The last thing John saw was the Woman release him and step back next to the aging man, who stood up straight and steady (cane cast aside) as a large hand grabbed his neck from behind; prompting everything to fade to black.
“I shall take that as a- aargh…. complement.” The Man in Black moaned as he was slammed against the rocks again. His arms unrelenting even so.
Irene walked away and unsheathed her sword. In as much patience as she could muster, she began to familiarize herself with the immediate terrain. Marking a few rocks and a nearby tree as focal points, Irene succeeded in distracting herself from the terrible wait for about forty minutes before returning to the Cliffside. The Man in Black had made some progress, which was vastly impressive, but still a long ways away. Sheathing her weapon once more, Irene called out to the man. “You certainly are taking your time, aren't you? Wishing to test my theory about nightfall?”
Apologies for the delay, this chapter was giving me a bit of trouble. I hope it was worth the wait for everyone. There is a Baker Street interlude in this chapter, I'm wondering how those parts are going over with everyone? I also had trouble trying to make it clear whom a certain character was suppose to be played by - I'm still not entirely sure it came across. If not, I'll have it written at the end notes. I hope it came across, if not - well, this is how we learn.
“I think we are safe, I didn't see any sign of it. Just a nasty a bite is all. I wish we had kept that cloak of yours now though, it would have been a good makeshift sling.” Sherlock mused.
John immediately went wary, his mind instantly replaying the various times he had heard this exact phrase from the lad; and how many times it had all gone horribly wrong. It was truly a remarkable feat that Lord and Lady Holmes hadn’t released him from their service with the trouble he and their son got up to. Although, he suspected that Sherlock likely played a hand in that. One day, he would have to ask him about it - yet, that day was not at present. “God help me, but I do.”
I am also toying with the idea of a companion piece for this story when it's complete, but we shall see. If I go through with it, I will definitely put a proper announcement in an upcoming chapter.
Sherlock had promised he would come back. In vain, John had waited and waited for some miracle. Months he waited before he was forced to face a vile truth. Miracles didn’t exist and Sherlock Holmes was dead.
A small elderly woman, a face that would have been kind if it wasn’t screwed up in disgust and fury. Ginger and white strands of hair peeked out from her hood, her body draped in a black cloak that gave her the appearance of death itself. Her finger outstretched accusingly towards the Prince himself. Lip quivering in anger. She was shouting something that stunned the people around her into silence. It took John a moment to understand her before the sharp voice cut a silence in the square.
Molly looked uncertain, an expression shared by the others as Greg paused. “I'm not sure if that's a good idea,” he began hesitantly, “not if it’s going to upset you.”
John look him in the eye, fingers flexing and clenching as he did. “I was giving you a chance.” he spoke, “We could have parted amicably. Fine. No matter, because let me tell you this: it doesn't matter where you take me. I have come to know that there is no greater hunter than Prince James. He will find you.”
Sherlock’s eyes had begun to adjust to his dark and murky surroundings.  The odd man of which he still did not know the name of, came a few times a day. His wounds were cleaned and bandaged; the man assisted with a mostly liquid based feeding and of course in providing him with water. Hushed to slow down as he ate, as it would do him no good to choke while stuck on his back. Sherlock was able to manage small offerings of information from the man; but most of what he had learned came from straining his senses.
“I don’t understand what was so urgent, Count.” Prince James moaned as he was lead from the Court all the way to his Study by Count Charles.
After two days, watching Netflix and finishing the book she had with her before becoming sick, Rosie was growing restless. Her dad called her when possible, on the phone several times and skyping when able. By the fourth day, not even Mrs Hudson or Sherlock could lift her spirits. That night, she heard her dad and Sherlock speak on the phone, her heart breaking as she heard how guilty her dad felt about being unable to be there for her. She didn't want to admit that she felt guilty for being sick, guilty for making her dad sad, so when she cried herself to sleep that night she had told Sherlock it was from her stomach but she wasn't sure he believed her.
Prince James eyed them carefully, before his face seemed to register something. “Very well. I swear on the soon-to-be-grave of my father that I will not harm this man.”
. Prince James smiled to himself, pleased. The Count’s plan had worked. The people loved him, which would endear them to himself. Perfect.
Prince James had stopped listening before then, his mind caught on one particular detail the Count had mentioned. “He worked Musgrave Hall… curious. Tell me, when did he first come to us?”
“Does that mean we can stay and hear the rest of the story?” Rosie asked, “Is Aunt Molly still here? Aunt Molly?!” She called out.
John sighed, but there was a hint of amusement to it. “Well sweetheart, looks like your godfather is holding us hostage.”
The Barracks. That was apart of the castle. Fortune perhaps was finally smiling upon Lestrade. If the castle held the Six-Fingered Man, then that was where Madame Adler would surely show up if she still breathed. All Gregory had to do was wait it out and keep his eyes open.
There was a shout, the executioner, despite being armed and armoured fell into a lifeless lump as the prisoners clamoured off his body, looking at each other gravely. Prince James held a satisfied smirk as he looked up to the Count standing over him. “What is it then?”
with an odd name who had serviced the royal family since his first bit of Magic, taking over for his father who had serviced the royal family years before. Yet, it was at her Stepson’s insistence that they stop relying on magic men and turn an eye more to the developing sciences that seemed to be growing in popularity. For the king's son, Prince James Moriarty the Second (named for his deceased mother), had no desire to be king. He knew one day he would have to and settle into the boring and nauseating job of dealing with people and their problems. Everyone always seemed to have a problem that they were just too stupid to figure out. Prince James felt differently than his father King James  about such matters. He always had.
John blinked, starting to understand but desperately needed things to be said more clearly. To use the words they were avoiding. “You mean to say, that you are going to…”
. Piracy in this case. He’d always love John, but he would steel himself. God, he didn’t deserve that.
Sherlock's eyes were unwavering, processing every word John spoke. Each honest confession without actually saying it - Sherlock had to know what he meant, didn't it? Except now,  he looked almost hurt in away, and John panicked slightly. Had he waited to long? Was he misreading the signs?
“Of course not,” he had retorted indignantly. “I am testing to see the speed, weight and size required to pierce through the human Skull from this distance and if it's guaranteed to be fatal in every account.”
When Sherlock felt he could no longer bare it, he heard salvation come in the form of Count Charles’ voice. Sitting in his chair, off to the side of the events he ordered Culverton to stop the machine. “As you know, the concept of the suction pump is centuries old. Well, really that's all this is except that instead of sucking water, I'm sucking life. I've just sucked one year of your life away. I might one day go as high as five, but I really don't know what that would do to you, so let's just start with what we have.” He could feel the Count’s eyes on him, but he could no longer see him. Somehow, that was still better than having hovering over him. “Tell me, how was that? Please remember, I am a mad of science and this is for posterity - complete honesty, in your own time. How did that feel?”
It was hard not to think of Adler, who had always loved a good song and whose voice was unquestionably more pleasing then these drunken arses. Yet, he had to admit it was the best he had felt since awaking on the field in Guilder alone. Beggars couldn’t be choosers. A great many of the oafs were losing their bearings now, Lestrade himself was not immune. In fact, he was hard pressed to pass out right there with the lot of them before bleary eyes caught sight of a figure in the distance.
about Sherlock made him smile. He went to work combining the ingredients and heating the skillet. He added the blueberries last and by the time Sherlock emerged he had three pancakes completed and ready to eat stacked on a plate.
And indeed they were as John had slid them down the landscape of Sherlock back to land there. He liked the way it felt; muscular, high and inviting. He wanted to give it a bit of a smack. Maybe later.“Yeah, I’m pretty sure that’s 98% of being boyfriends. Having our hands on each other’s arses.” John teased. “Do you like it?”
Sherlock only blinked and ran a tongue innocently over his slightly swollen bottom lip. The gesture made the innocent look sinful.
He already knew he wasn't going to last as long as he wanted too. Sherlock was too beautiful, too swept away, too vocal ("John...John, my John...so, so good.” "I love your cock. I love your big cock." and the kicker, which was far more erotic than anything that preceded it; "I've wanted this since the day we met.") and too, too tight. Not that he was complaining. And speaking of tight, holy God, but it was more than he was expecting. It wasn't exactly that he was tighter than any woman he'd ever been with it was different than that. It was... a different kind of grip. A different kind of hold. Different muscles, different pressure, just different and wonderfully so. And hitting Sherlock's prostate produced much the same reaction as hitting a g-spot; that delightful twist and squirming of his body, his hips snapping upward and those sound, those unabashed, unashamed sounds of pleasure.
"Well..." he started and then paused. It was easier to talk about what they weren't doing than what they had done so far. "I'm still having issues in that area but we're working through it."
Sherlock, of course, wasn't there. John had barred him from the funeral as he had barred him from his life.
"I feel like...this is an artificial environment. The grief, that just overwhelming sadness is still here." He said touching his chest and stifling a completely unexpected sob. His eyes started to burn but he went on. "But it's less. I can admit that. It is a bit less. I still cry myself to sleep nearly every night but...it's different than out there. I just don't want to get it into my head that the things I'm trying to do in here will translate out there. Do you know what I mean?"
"I'd really tried to avoid that as best I could and thankfully did. I had planned on professing to be fairly traditional, a sort of no sex before marriage type of fellow which I did hint at. If that didn't work I would have feigned impotence which wouldn't have been difficult. If that still didn't work, well, I suppose I would have popped a Viagra, closed my eyes and thought of England."
His arm was draped across Sherlock's body, just below where his trousers sat at his hips and it was about that time John felt something hard press against him.
"This is what it's always like. Pulling him back from the edge. Keeping him calm, keeping him in line. Keeping the mad genius with his feet on the ground and I'm sick of it. I am sick to death of babysitting this child who never ever has to face the consequences of his actions. Who is always bailed out by me or his brother or sheer fucking luck. I am sick to death of it and I am sick to death of him. And I want to hurt him until he wakes up. Until he wakes both of us up. How much more do I have to suffer for him? How much more do I have to lose on the altar of Sherlock Holmes?"
James his mate from rehab. James who he hadn't ever even bothered to call once he'd gotten out. James, who on his much more lucid days did cross his mind. James who he'd been eager to talk to in those first few months. James, who he'd be ashamed to speak with now.
"Tell him this second, even though it scares me. Just put it all out there, heart on the line. If I'm going to breakdown I'd rather do it while I still have access to you. While I can still drag myself out of it."
From his fevered research when all of this had begun he remembered the name. Pripyat was a bustling city of over 49,000 people in 1970 and seen as proof of the power of the nuclear age and the future of the Soviet Union. The average age of the residents was 26 and people to this day still spoke fondly of it recalling the river full of fish, the mushrooms they could pick in the woods and the rose and fruit trees in full bloom. For years the city grew and flourished under the shadow of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant.
He tried to put his feelings aside, for nearly 15 minutes he tried. Tried to ignore John’s harsh words and the distinct feeling in the air that things were terribly unresolved. Eventually, he realized it was no use.
There's a thing about lies that John had come to realize without realizing it. Sometimes there are lies that make their presence known, as they're forming. Sometimes, they coalesce in a lazy, easy going sort of way. Sometimes, they arrive at the perfect moment, right there on your tongue. The kind of fortuitous lie you use to get out of going to dinner or showing up at an event you really don't want to attend. Then there are the panicked lies that happen when you've likely been caught in a small one and an even larger one has to be formed haphazardly and erratically and once done, you send it out into the world, completely slapdash but the best you could come up with on short notice.
John is correct that we're on our sex holiday but I will be occasionally checking our inbox so don't hesitate to send something interesting.
"I've kept my distance while you have taken your time and your space and juggled what I imagine is a very complicated schedule not to mention the demands I place on you, by having Janine and Molly and even Mrs. Hudson care for her. But it was always meant to be temporary. She needs you, she needs her father. For that matter, she needs her father sober. And I would hazard a guess that you need her as well. Not to mention-"
He'd reached out to Hanah on the 1st to wish her a happy New Year and to ask if they might talk via Skype sometime soon.
There were times when it was as if someone was slowly tightening a noose around his neck, that was the feeling of the anxiety returning full force.
Oh God, and those lips, wrapped so tight, wet and hot around his erection, vanishing, then reappearing then vanishing again and it was good almost too good and then he winked, the cheeky bastard winked and John had to shut his eyes. He let his head thunk back against the wall again his hand going to Sherlock's hair, threading his fingers through the curls then finally giving them a tug.
"A habit? Y-you intend on having her over more often for more overnights?" Sherlock asked unable to keep the hopeful tone from his voice.
"Why didn't I what? Anytime it was even hinted at that we were a couple your objections were strenuous and vehement. You have in all ways presented yourself as a heterosexual man. Meaning that, for me, you would be a dead end. I do not make it a habit of pursuing dead ends."
"I don't think I will. You wanted to come home decorated, lauded, you wanted parades thrown for you but oh no, instead you go shot and shuttled off like any other broken-down wreck of a man who was foolish enough to offer his life for Queen and country in return for shiny baubles and self-esteem."
"Ok." She said scribbling something down in her notebook. "Sherlock, is there anything you'd like to say to what you've heard."
He smacked him again and could have sworn he saw him arch just slightly and belatedly into the contact.
John thought back to the absolute hopelessness that had washed over him that day and continued for...well, he didn't know for how long. All he did know was that it was pervasive, heavy. He remembered it weighed down his limbs like ballast. When he came home and found the note and the money he'd just sort of collapsed onto their couch. He'd sat there, staring. The tears, as always, had come later. That was something to think about. It seemed the tears always came later, like he couldn't ever cry in the moment.
"A pretty damn big one. But I already knew that. And what's more, you already knew that too. Now, I think has been a pretty full session. You're free to go for today. Keep noting the things that trigger you to drink and we'll talk more tomorrow."
the hand that sent him over the edge. It was four words whispered in his ear, as smooth and melodious as he could want.
Kissing Sherlock had revealed a lot of different things. First his mouth was just larger than that of anyone he'd ever kissed, but that made sense, men's mouths and heads in general tended to be larger. So were his hands and while in the early days, the very early days when he let his mind wander for a split second he wondered would it feel
, mess of a kitchen table. Or sitting in his chair opposite from what once was John's chair. If he hadn't moved it, thrown it out with the trash.
"Could you not grope me like I'm a prize Holstein?" John asked nipping at his bottom lip. "Trust me, there are much more entertaining ways to feel me up."
"And most importantly, I'm not angry because of where I am. I am happy to be here, right here with you. There's nowhere else I'd rather be. Thank you for putting up with me and my nonsense."
He put down his advance directive notices ensuring that no extraordinary measures be taken to save his life. He gave power of attorney to Sherlock as well, knowing that he wouldn't allow sentiment, no matter how strong to get in the way of doing what John asked. As for a memorial service, he truly didn't care, but he'd rather people not put themselves out or kick up a fuss.
He was close, every fibre in Sherlock's body was telegraphing it and despite the slight twinge in his jaw John was reluctant to have it all end.
"Your tooth is better. You're healed. So you need to answer this question for me. What pain? What pain are you holding on to these for?"
That had been the one bright spot. Hanah had surprisingly given them the next day off and John had every intention of taking advantage of it.
Once that conversation was done I got the chance to talk to Sherlock alone. It was lovely. I'd missed his voice and his face and I told him so. We both made the other provide a full body shot to make sure we'd been keeping our promises to eat and not get too thin. As it turns out we had.
We started snogging again in bed. The idea of touching him in this fashion which an hour ago would have seemed so impossible to me felt nothing but natural.
Instead, it was all pristine, showroom new, in fact. Empty and furnished and waiting for his return. He stepped inside and seated himself on the couch.
“I just thought you might prefer his cock to mine. I also figured now would be the best time to get an honest reply.”
"You don't have to get in." John insisted. Sherlock was still, for reasons John wasn't going to nag or harp on, body shy. He'd seen enough parts of him naked to put together what was likely an impressive full picture. But he'd never seen all of those parts together. Not yet. John, on the other hand, had no qualms about being nude in front of his partner.
"Enraged. Blind with anger. Mad with anger. Baffled and hurt and dismayed and every other word in the book. I didn't want to believe it. Sitting there, hearing her words, hearing her admit it, I still didn't want to believe it. I think if it hadn't been for Sherlock I would have done something very, very stupid. I think I would have walked away."
He turned his head to avoid her gaze and was just in time to see another camera crew enter. One of the men shouted, "There he is!" and rushed in his direction nearly mowing down a young woman with flowers in the process.
Apart from Mary, Sherlock was the deepest most meaningful and true relationship he had ever experienced. Right now he just wanted to crawl into this feeling of safety and joy and never, ever emerge.
Sherlock loved taking her to the park or the zoo, showing her things, telling her things, answering her endless questions. He never, it seemed, tired of her queries. But it had really been this way since the beginning. He was absolutely beguiled by the little girl as she was in turn by Papa, as they agreed he'd be called.
John licked his palm and without further warning connected it soundly with Sherlock's cheek. His lover hissed and stiffened and John immediately soothed the pink handprint on his flesh. He did the same with his right hand, lick and stroke and again was met with a hiss that sounded far more like pleasure than John had anticipated. He'd thought they might need to work up to this. But then again was it any wonder that the handsome detective with the impudent manner and the smart mouth wanted just a shade of discipline from his Captain.
It hurt, there was no getting around that. The head was the worst of it. But once he was inside of him enough to no longer need to guide with his hand his palm found John's cock. His hand movements were slow, loose, just this side of unsatisfying but they were matched with his boyfriend slowly forging forward.
And then she left the room. Taking up the pencil he inched closer to her desk to take a good look at the test.
"I'm not a toy, Sherlock. No one can easily pluck me out of your life. I won't be discarded or run off, understand? Not even your mother can do that."
"Alright. I'll find us something. Something real. There were a few things, a few people I put off. I'll get in contact."
John noted it didn't seem that his partner believed him. But neither of them said anything about it.
He nodded and glanced at her his face no doubt revealing his curiosity about the contents of the envelope.
"They're not sexts about she and I..." He said scratching an itch that had suddenly appeared on his arm and was of apparent great interest.
The downturn disappeared and Sherlock smiled. John knew he'd taken the right path by appealing to science rather than intellect.
"You're getting a few stares, I hope that doesn't bother you too much. The people who know you, know you. The ones who don't, well I think they're just surprised to see me sitting here with anyone other than James."
"IQ test results before the age of 4 are historically unreliable. Absolutely useless. She should be at least 6."
It wasn't all easy. It wasn't all running. There were long quiet hours where he felt about 20 seconds sober and not months. There were times where he pulled up the URL where all his ordering information and bank data was saved. He even had the item pending in his cart. Those beautiful, smooth, oval, white, Watson, 387's. Holy God but he wanted them.
Finally, one day he sent me to the store, actually a couple of stores, but I was happy for the errand. I was happy he was back to wanting things instead of being so listless. And when I got back he was gone.”
Mike was next and he gave him an awkward hug. John thanked him for coming but sensed there was something more.
"I didn't think you wanted to." John replied. This was the response he'd been planning as he knew this conversation would happen. It felt good to get it out. Good to imagine the perplexed look on Sherlock's face. Negative things had started to feel good again.
"No, not at all. In fact, I found him quite...free. The time we spent in bed, not just the kissing and touching but the talking...it was one of the closest experiences we'd ever had. I don't know what I'm allowed to tell you." John said faltering. Something about continuing this without Sherlock present seemed indecent and unfair.
"How many numbers are there?" John teased as he watched Sherlock with adoration so blatant and naked he couldn't hide it. He didn't like talking about his death much less thinking about it so he put it aside. Far aside.
Much to his frustration John didn't have a reply to that. He'd started to wash the dishes and he continued for awhile longer, the only sound in the flat the rattling of silverware and cups and the running of water.
"Meaning, I don't want you to leave my bed. We've effectively had sex 27 times and never once have we been face to face. I don't want us to do this again only seeing one another's back. I want to look at you, touch you, have you touch me."
I hadn’t cried in years before I got that letter, probably since he left but I took it back home and just wept in my bedroom. I was so relieved to hear from him, so happy he wasn’t dead. So fucking happy.
Were you going to tell me? If it hadn't, somehow been wrapped up in Magnussen and the larger case, would you have told me? Why do I think not? Why do I think you would have protected her? Why do I believe you would have kept her secret?
I'm going to be a dad. Bloody hell. A dad. I want this. I do. I'm scared out of my mind but I want it. Mary's happy, I'm happy. I am, I'm happy.
"Not exactly, it's just, there was that rather well-known, old-timey porn star with that name. John Holmes. I think we have to go with a hyphen."
"That's right, bumble bee or Bumbly, if you like." Sherlock agreed. Both men beamed as she hugged it close.
We lay there, he was panting beneath me and I was breathless on top of him, my head resting on his shoulder.
John held it in his hand for a moment, considering it. He thought back to the day he'd chosen both hers and his with the jeweler's help. The day she'd placed it on his slightly shaky hand at St Mary's. The day it had almost gone down the drain because he'd had it off to do the dishes and she'd accidentally knocked it into the sink and he was so relieved because he didn't have the foggiest idea how to take apart a pipe like they did on telly. The day after the autopsy when it had been returned to him in a container with her other belongings; her necklace, her earrings, that silly little hair clip she always complained about because it would tug and pull but she never just threw the damn thing away and... The day he'd put them back in a box in his dresser because he couldn't bear to look at them but he always needed to know where they were.
"I'm so sorry." He said again but when his red and bleary eyes met hers she looked completely unfazed and though this happened every day. Perhaps it did.
Sherlock's arse had gone a very light tone of pink, nothing that wouldn't fade in 5 or so minutes. But it was so pleasant to see.
"I never imagine your penchant for stating the obvious would ever be so-" He cut himself off as John stroked him again. "Erotic." He concluded in a strained whisper.
"At the time, yes. I hadn't many friends and I had always had a certain difficulty communicating with my peers. This was only exacerbated once I hit my teens. The boys..." He paused looking thoughtful. "I was about to say the boys I was interested in. Hmmm...I suppose at some point I
"Number three," He said ignoring him. "When we do make love I believe we should take turns to figure out who prefers which position. I would like to try out both topping and bottoming unless you already have a choice. Or, if perhaps you have some sort of internalized homophobia maybe you have an objection to being penetrated."
John glanced a bit frantically down both sides of the alley, they were in the middle, hidden by the darkness from cars that ambled by.
"Ok."  He said in reply before ducking his head down to kiss John's chest. "Did you sleep well?" He asked.
At first, he winced, not because of pain but just because it was an unfamiliar sensation. But after awhile he willed his body to calm as he let Sherlock get to work. They were still kissing, soft and a little sloppy as John's hand found the curls of Sherlock's hair. He could feel his boyfriend cock, hard and warm pressing against his thigh and only their closeness prevented him from reaching for it.
"Let me." He said batting his lover's hand away to resume his actions. John's erection bobbed at the new, firm contact and truly Sherlock's hand, in this moment, felt better than his own. The detective's gaze was attentive and locked to John's. In just a few moments he had gone from being in charge to being at Sherlock's mercy. He corkscrewed his grip, which was slick with pre-come, up and down his shaft.
And then it was over and John didn't even have a moment to be frustrated as Sherlock hurried back to his work because a moment later Rosie awoke from her nap and started crying. And hour after that they were both at the Yard. Two hours after that they were chasing a man with a knife through an abandoned cemetery. They were both thrust back into normal. Or what counted for them as normal and the kiss and what could or should follow was put on the back burner.
"I mean, he was not friendly or open in the conventional sense. He doesn't go around grinning like an idiot and shaking everyone's hand. But there was something about his demeanor that seemed welcoming. He wasn't initially put off by me as so many people are. It confused me. We took a cab and his reaction to some of my deductions was just...respect...admiration. I supposed it softened me, Made me pay more attention to him beyond what I could determine from his clothing. The way he dealt with me changed the way I dealt with him. Our friendship grew rapidly and naturally from that."
"Yes, five. Me, Father, Mycroft and Sherlock visiting Eurus. She doesn't speak, of course. Doesn't say a word. But I think it's important that we see her."
"I... I really thought you were referring to..." I trailed off and instead my eyes cut in the direction of the now made bed.
But for him, this made no sense. When Rosie was first born he was enraptured, everything about her was perfect and worthy of documentation and praise. He loved her. He loved spending time with her. Showing her things. Kissing her, tickling her, holding her. He loved to imagine what kind of toddler she be, what kind of little girl, what kind of teenage and woman. So many plans. So many things he wanted for her.
Was she right? Had Mary lived would he have felt the same from her, the same danger, the fire? He tried to imagine a world where Magnussen was dead and the ugly mysteries of AGRA were gone. Where all the secret keepers had been eliminated. Where ever sword of Damocles that hung above her head had vanished. Where she was Mary Watson, nurse, mother, wife and no one living could ever take those titles and the name he'd given her from her again. What then when she no longer held the secrets? When that equal footing was gone? When all the lies were locked in his soul and his soul alone?
Another smear across his jawline and he again went to work, tongue emerging to taste him, teeth grazing before biting gently at the flesh.
Mycroft observed him briefly then clearly feeling he'd been far too candid he quickly rose from his seated position and handed John a card with a number on it. No name, no other information. Just a number. "Soldiers today." He concluded and with that, the elder Holmes swiftly left the hospital room.
Sherlock sighed thoughtfully and crossed his legs and in hindsight, John would realize he was deciding something.
There was also the pile of books Hanah had given him when he'd left rehab. A pile he hadn't touched though he didn't know why. He hadn't told her that and she hadn't asked. But there wasn't even a part of him that doubted she knew.
He meant what he said. Neither of them were getting in younger. In fact, John felt old, terribly old and he imagined there were days when Sherlock felt the same. Life had recently taught him that time was running out. Time was always running out.
He said these things, the words pouring out of his mouth all his med school book knowledge flooding out faster than he could process it. He remembered triaging in the war, assessing, assessing, assessing as fast as he could. Deciding life or death, who would get help now, later, when they could manage it or never. He understood assessment and categorization. What he couldn't understand at this moment was someone torturing Sherlock. He couldn't comprehend that, couldn't think about it in an emotional way."
"John, those are meant to be supplementary. You are not ill, you are not bedridden, you are not agoraphobic...yet, you are chronically socially anxious. You're not on a business trip, far from home in a city without meetings you can attend. You should be meetings with others in person."
...as you again came to my rescue this evening and didn't beat me to a pulp for the things I said minutes ago...I think all three categories are covered."
"I know you were. But I'm a respected citizen, they couldn't keep me there." He said with weary amusement. "No matter what Molly told them. And if you came here thinking you could get my gun off me, you can't. I'll tell you what I told her. That's not why I had it out."
He signed it, Love, “Duck”. Now better know as Major James Sholto. You never asked but Sholto means “Teal Duck” in Gaelic. I couldn’t very well go around asking people to call me Teal, could I?”
He took a swish of the mouthwash, spit it out, repeated the action and then turned away from the sink to face his boyfriend.
I didn't expect it to be so bloody emotional, I didn't expect to have to look away when he rubbed the stubble of his cheek against my ankle. I didn't expect this internal battle of being captivated by every small muscle movement as he thrust inside me chafing against this need to have him closer.
The hours passed like that, the sickness of his body no match for the sickness that his mind seemed eager to churn out. Everything hurt, every sound and creak of the flat made him jump.
"I'm going to be fine. Last time I was in a place like this...I thought you hated me. I thought there was a chance you'd never want to talk to me again." John cleared his throat again as the tears started to rise and burn. "I thought I'd lost the last person that..."
It was a good night, a quiet night, a night he couldn't have imagined 5 years ago. And now, a night he couldn't not imagine having over and over again.
But he didn't smoke. Honestly, couldn't stand the taste of it so instead, he found the nearest exit, walked out and crouched by a wall. He felt both ashamed and justified for everything he'd just shouted at his friend. It was all true, all of it, and he had kept it inside just letting it fester. But wasn't it better in there? What good exactly was going to come from Sherlock's shell-shocked face. Because though he'd tried to ignore it that's what he'd seen. Sherlock; pale, speechless, terribly apologetic and hurt. How was this supposed to solve things?
When the conversation turned to Mary he thought there'd be some polite discussion, remembrances and then moving on. Instead, Sherlock's mother had a good deal to say about his dead wife, a
"Look, John, you're a fighter but you've spent a long time fighting against and for the wrong things. You're going to have to fight now, clear-headed. You're going to have to be brave."
Sherlock had gone red, flushed brightly from his shoulders up to his neck, cheeks and ears. John wondered if he'd be hot to the touch. They'd never spoken so frankly before. John had always spared him in a way, playing off his exploits with a cheeky joke but mostly leaving the man alone when it came to sex. Maybe that had been a mistake. After his initial dismissive statement, his friend had been rapt, clearly interested but too shy to initiate or speak. Maybe this was good for him.
John nodded and sighed. He was sure Sherlock would be game but was reluctant to turn their intimacy into something that could be so detached.
They'd napped in-between, lazily, happily, curling around one another with the familiarity they'd cultivated. But eventually, Sherlock had outgrown a need for sleep long before John. Still though, what work he did do was from his mobile, in bed, naked alongside a drowsy and sated fiance.
The truth is I’m glad you’re dead. Your influence on Harry’s life was nothing but disastrous. You turned her into a drunk who at 41 is only now getting her life sorted.
Silently, so as not to wake Sherlock he swept the covers back, preparing to get out of bed. He could at leats have the decency to do his weeping in private and return once he'd settled himself. But a hand on his wrist stopped him. It traveled up his arm until it landed heavy on his shoulder coaxing him back down onto the bed. He let it happen. The next thing he knew Sherlock was inching closer, spooning behind him, raising the blankets back in place before an arm circled his chest drawing him near, long fingers of a broad hand splayed out protectively, possessively.
They were separated once they arrived at the hospital and John was lead to a small and surprisingly empty waiting area where he waited and waited.
I believed that I had chosen for myself and created the perfect life. One of solitude, reflection, contemplation, dark stimulation via crime solving, intellectual pursuits, serenity, and adventure.
The head seemed as though it was the worst of it and now he tilted his hips to allow more of Sherlock's shaft.
As they put Rosie into her pajamas John could swear she'd grown by leaps and bounds since he'd last seen her. He didn't want to ever go that long without seeing her again.
It made his heart hurt just a little to think about it and propelled John to again go in search of Sherlock.
John looked out at all the faces, really looked as he listened to them talk. And he didn't feel afraid. Something about the way they threw around the word partner without hesitation or worry. Something about how the women said 'my wife' and the men said 'my husband', was jarring but also jarring was how it put him at ease. They seemed comfortable in their own skin and for the first time since he left The Location he was in a meeting where he was starting to feel comfortable in his.
"When you feel the need not to lie to me, John, I'll be here." She said not unkindly. "See you tomorrow.
"Do you think you'll always do this? Will you always be Sherlock Holmes with the coat and the cheekbones and the mystery? I hope so."
"I needed them to think I was gone and you were useless to me. I needed everyone to think you didn't matter."
There were no visions of his life flashing before his eyes. It was too fast. Too immediate. Too final.
"You're welcome." He replied. He left the room, dashed to his own, hurried out of his clothes, hopped into bed and began masturbating furiously to what he'd just witnessed.
"Sherlock, and I don't mean this as rude as it may come out, but I'm really struggling with phrasing right now. But why did you do this? To what end?"
No malice, truly, no malice at all. Though he realized plunging off the roof would probably send the opposite message. It was just a stupid fantasy, anyway.
"What a lovely cock!" Mrs. Holmes said upon seeing the wooden rooster John had purchased. She'd enjoyed the other things but the wooden carving seemed to be the big hit. "Father, look at the handsome cock that John and Sherlock bought."
He looked down at the box and on top, she had placed an envelope with the name "Pripyat" scrawled across.
He ran his nails through his beard. He was in the itchy stage but it was sure to pass soon. At least he was a bit better able to bear looking in the mirror these days.
"I cannot believe you say that so casually. Aren't you going mad with even the possibility of boredom?" I teased.
"Let me up." He said struggling beneath me. Apparently I had gone too far which I considered laughable after the things he'd said to me.
As someone who has struggled privately and quite publically with addiction, I understand how it can wreak havoc on a life.
Knowing that bedtime was nearing they turned slightly timid, pecking at one another's lips, kissing softly like nervous teenagers. Sherlock had the beginnings of stubble along his jaw line and John traced it lovingly with his thumb.
For the most part he was attentive but his mind did occasionally drift to Sherlock who was already on his way. John had spent his final night at The Location and this night would find him back in the comfort and security and familiarity of Baker Street. Back up those creaky stairs into the musty, warm, comfortable flat with the scent of food from Speedy's wafting up occasionally. Back in his chair, just across from Sherlock's chair, checking their inbox, researching, debating, bickering, theorizing...and now, other things too. Back in...no...in for the
"Yeah, I don't mind. Not now, not today." He said settling back in his chair and closed his laptop. "When can we get your ring?"
“Yes, I took it. There is a man going about London, hacking people’s fingers off and sending them in the post. This might be a lead, of course, I took it.”
Another stream of the thick lube for his cock and he too was ready. He pressed against his lover’s entrance and was gifted with feeling John’s hand reaching back to grab his arse already wanting to pull him deeper. He didn’t care that he’d taken it off the wall as he’d been instructed not to do. At this point his need to relieve his aching cock overrode everything else.
But it became habit just the same. After their massage session, the massage-r would creep off to take care of himself then return to bed with a flimsy excuse and they go to sleep.
"Um, sure. Whatever is easiest, I'm not picky." John cleared his throat and sat down as Mrs. Holmes put a mug of tea before him.
Her expression essentially read 'This is against my better judgment.' but she motioned for him to take a seat.
The meeting drew to a close, Reggie dismissed them and John said a few goodbyes. After all, this was it. No more meetings here. No more gourmet meals, no more invitations to hikes or horseriding, no more lavatory duty. He shook a hand or two, offered hugs and words of encouragement and received the same in return. He got more than a few kind well wishes from Reggie who was as earnest and positive as ever. All the while Sherlock waited patiently in the back of the room.
Harry didn't drink anymore. This time it seemed the rehab had stuck. With this in mind, John decided to have a glass of wine before she arrived for dinner...which turned into three.
"It's weird being in a relationship where I'm the open one." John said. He was standing in the kitchen pouring a glass of milk he hoped hadn't gone bad while Sherlock was lying on the sofa, fingers steepled, eyes closed in thought.
Who the fuck cared? They were two straight men in bed together. What of it? Hang-ups were boring and for some reason, right now as Sherlock's hand rested warmly on his stomach the red forest was far, far away.
John shook his head. At the moment she felt like anything but and he felt lower than mud, not even worthy of touching her.
Plus, when Mary died John assumed he would never marry again. It seemed an absurd idea. And one of the many reasons he kept his ring on was to keep everyone away. He didn't want to flirt. He didn't want to chat. He didn't want to be asked out on a date or slipped a number. He wanted to be left alone.
"I've been better," John said, words still coming out altered because of the swelling. "I'm sure I'll be fine tomorrow."
He bit back a swear that he knew the detective would notice. And noticing might throw him off his rhythm and take him out of the moment. Instead, John just continued as he was, hoping for another brush of his mates bottom.
Sherlock carefully tore the page from the book and grabbing a sellotape dispenser placed it on the door.
"John, I'm not going to pretend that these are isolated issues. But for now, we're going to try a different tact. I think the next course of action is to allow a night where Sherlock returns some of what you've given and you open yourself up to receive it."
"Please." I replied and he didn't need more of an invitation than that. His hips started working faster, fuller, longer strokes and I brought both hands down to his arse to feel each thrust.
"No, one room is what we requested. This is my husband." John said putting a hand on the small of Sherlock's back. He glanced at his face and saw shy pride there. He knew what he was thinking. How many times had they been mistaken for this? How many times had John emphatically, frustratedly, obnoxiously denied it? No anymore. He was happy to claim him and happy to be claimed.
"You must think me quite dull if you believe I wasn't aware of Sherlock's attraction toward you... and yours to him."
"You mean it this time." He said as he pulled his head back and it wasn't a question but a statement. John wasn't sure exactly what he was referring to but he just nodded in agreement.
The detective was all gentle, breathy sighs tickling his ear which were matched by John's shuddered moans. The connection, being linked to Sherlock yet again, was powerful and overwhelming and he wanted to stay this close forever.
Leaning closer Sherlock initiated a kiss in which John happily lost himself. Just as it deepened. Just as it seemed things were ready to get started. Just as John was about to take his mates hand and just maybe place it on his cock...Sherlock pulled back.
This was easier than he'd imagined it being and Sherlock certainly, already sounded as though he were enjoying himself.
No matter how hard he tried to fight it, his anxious brain slid toward thoughts of 'But what if he isn't alright?' 'What if he dies? What if he dies in earnest this time. No coming back. No surprise reappearances. What if he dies?'
Sherlock was standing there looking flushed. He had his dressing gown on, which seemed loosely and haphazardly tied, as well as his pajama trousers but he was, unusually, bare chested.
John tried to blur his focus and will the erection back down. It was wildly inappropriate and all he could do was hope his friend didn't notice. God what if he noticed? How to explain?
"Of course not." He said motioning toward the loo. Sherlock headed to his suitcase and took out his sleepwear.
His friend was on the verge of tears and John put an arm around him. They were sitting outside as had become their habit nowadays, breathing in the night air. The dinner tray on James' lap was wobbling so John grabbed it and set it to the side.
It's all coming out now. Two fucking years later and it's all coming out. Everything about Moriarty, what he did, how he did it. How he played the police for fools. I should feel vindicated but I don't. I didn't feel much of anything when I heard because it doesn't bring you back. I do take a bit of satisfaction in knowing that Anderson went round the bend.
When he woke up the next morning it was snowing. Lightly, just a dusting and by noon it had stopped. He'd choked down both a late breakfast and a lunch he'd been less than enthusiastic about but he considered it a victory. Another victory was the fact that he'd
Now he found himself sitting at the desk in the living room area of Baker Street. He'd locked the front door, because God knows they didn't want any visitors or clients in the middle of this, and dragged a chair in from the kitchen. He'd then seated himself next to Sherlock, closer than he wanted to be at the moment but it was the only way for them to both fit in the frame.
Not to mention the obvious. He didn't want to just pull up stakes and start anew somewhere else. He was tired. It had been too many long years fighting the past and fighting the inevitable. Just a few inches over and that bullet that went relatively harmlessly through his shoulder would have hit the brachial artery. He would have gone unconscious in seconds and died in minutes. That would have been that. An unremarkable death for an unremarkable man. No Sherlock. No Mary. No Rosie. No one. At this moment, that sounded nice. At this moment he wished for a different past that would have saved them all this misery.
"I hope you both understand why I wanted you to read that and remember. Not to put a damper on the day, but to shine a big, bright light on it. The man who wrote that couldn't imagine and wouldn't dare to dream about what you've made for yourself here and now. You worked very hard to get here John. You crawled on hands and knees until you could walk upright. And sometimes you stumbled or you outright fell but you made it. You're still making it. Remember that. Remember that neither of you is afraid of hard work. That can sometimes be forgotten as the years go on, especially if you stumble or fall again. Remember and don't let it be forgotten. Either of you."
John's heart nearly stopped working when he noticed the man sitting casually in his chair in the living room. The man was, of course, Sherlock.
That said, he had become quite enamored of Sherlock's cock. Any initial shyness was gone and he found himself eager to indulge and indulge him whenever the mood struck. The most recent time was just two night prior. John had been sitting in his chair and his boyfriend was in his own talking animatedly to his brother on the phone. He was clearly stressed, agitated, irritated and John gave him a lazy smile. After removing his shoes he raised up in the chair to tug it slightly forward. Sherlock watched with interest and only paused his argument with his brother to mouth "What are you doing?"
“Uh...no, not many. I always had acquaintances, mates, a group I hung around with even if it was just on the periphery. But I had responsibilities, I had to get home to my sister, eventually, I had a part-time job. Friendships, like any relationship, require commitment. I’ve never been very good at commitment.”
Beyond that there was no desire or need to speak. Nothing needed to be said. All was as it should be. And as the sun was rising they both drifted back off to sleep.
They talked about absolutely nothing for an hour. the weather. London. Afghanistan. His injury from the wedding. Politics. Books they'd read. Anything and everything and nothing at all.
"Ditto." He said pulling him tighter against him. "But I'm here. Long beyond this weekend, I'm here."
"Because now more than ever you have a very delicate feeling of self-worth combined with the fact that you're easily offended. In addition to this, you crave praise though whether true praise or false praise you react in the same fashion. Namely dismissing it. In that respect, you can never be satisfied because it is your nature to be disappointed and mistrusting."
"There were so many different positions in that lovely book. And after we make love many, many times face to face I want you on your belly, face down, a pillow underneath you to raise your arse off the bed, just where I want it. And I want to thrust into you, slow and practiced as you beg me to go deeper and deeper and deeper."
When I brought this up to Sherlock, who incidentally already has everything arranged to come and get me, he said something curious. He told me that, maybe that's the point.
"And we grieved him. We tried to set things right. Tried to get her to tell us where he was and what happened. But it was no use."
John raised his head to kiss him. Not to stop the words, he liked the words, but he needed to feel the warmth and the slickness of his mouth. Sherlock was full and hard inside him and by God, it felt incredible to be filled, to be receiving to let him be the one to set the plan and the pace. He liked giving up this control.
"Where to begin, um...she's...she's just spoiled. She's always had someone to come around and clean up her mess. She always had this army of friends who would party with her and see that she got home alright. Then when they all got sober and she didn't they staged intervention after intervention to try and get her right. When she got her license taken away they'd drive her. When she lost her job and her flat they'd let her crash on their couch. Every hellish move of her life was backed up by someone ready to break her fall. Then somehow during on of those little corridors of sobriety, she met Clara. This amazing, saintly woman who stepped in and picked up the absolute mess that was my sister, set her right. And what did she do? She threw it away."
"I know, it's abrupt but it won't be for long. Just a bit and I'll be right back. I promise." He lied.
"Wait, Sherlock, I just...I want to..." He didn't bother to finish his sentence and instead withdrew his finger slowly. Then, like a mechanic sliding under a car he lay on the bed on his back and slid beneath Sherlock lining up his cock with his mouth. It was still dripping, nowhere near flaccid yet and so, so beautiful. John raised his head and took him in his mouth. Sherlock gave a strangled sort of cry which wasn't lacking in disbelief. But John wasn't quite done yet. Blindly he reached both hands up to cup Sherlock's arse. he sought out his hole again and found it still wet with lube and still very much open and inviting. He slipped his digit back inside and Sherlock almost instantly helped the progress as he tilted his hips down. By design, this also meant that every time he pressed back and down onto John's finger he pressed his cock into his waiting mouth. Sherlock grunted as he pushed himself toward a second orgasm he no doubts didn't know he had in him. John was beyond happy, he'd wanted Sherlock's cock in his mouth since he'd seen it hard and ready earlier in the evening and now, just as he'd imagined there was precum gathering on his tongue, forcing him to swallow every 3rd or 4th thrust. Neither of them were under the impression that Sherlock could last very long and soon he was once again coming, shooting over John's taste buds and down his throat all while contracting wildly on his finger. When Sherlock was able to move he inched forward slowly allowing for John's finger to slip out of him. Eventually, he let his body go limp and he slowly if not awkwardly rolled to the side and collapsed down onto the bed.
John’s tone surprised Sherlock. His eyes opened, and he looked wildly at John, distaste shocked off his face. But when looking into his eyes, he saw none of what he expected; no anger, hate, no winding up to break his jaw. Only something akin to surprise, amazement; a faint smile, a crease in the brow. Well, that was… interesting. That was different. Usually Victor just looked disgusted with him and told him to “Shut the fuck up, Sherly. Nobody wants to hear it. You sound crazy.”
“It’s not what it looks like. He loves me,” Sherlock defended. John shrugged, not saying anything. He sighed. He didn’t have time for this. “Listen, I - I’ll see you at school?” His tone was hopeful, even as he tried to keep it neutral.
“Oh, that’s definitely a factor,” John returned, his voice becoming nearly a growl. His grin showed his pure white teeth, sharp incisors, and Sherlock blushed despite himself. John grasped his arm, stopping him in the stairwell outside the school. How had they already walked all this way? He must have been walking quite quickly without his own knowledge, he thought as John backed him into the railing, still wearing that smirk.
His heart nearly exploded… and a good amount of fear entered his system as well. What if it was Vic calling to break up? Or tell him all the things he really thought of him, or…?
“No, you wait, *Sherly*.” The way he said it felt like an insult. “I’m taking you home. I’ll call you.”
He could clearly imagine the slow fall of Vic’s features to disgust and anger, those flashing eyes and the clenching jaw, the redness building in his neck and ears as he geared up to teach Sherlock a lesson; what would happen if he knew that Sherlock was thinking about John. He shuddered, scared at just the thought. He tried to put it out of his mind but he knew what he had to do; he had to make Vicky proud, he had to *stay away* from John.
“You fucking - you flirt with my goddamn drug dealer at a house party, and judge me? For, like, a milligram of acid? I thought you were better than this, Sherly. Come on.”
He cracked his knuckles and reached into his pocket for his lighter, flicking it open and igniting his cigarette. He inhaled and let the smoke out slowly, watching the car drive away.
Sherlock said nothing more, slight shoulders shaking as he buckled his seatbelt and curled on the seat. Victor started up the car and drove off.
hi everybody ! sorry for late chapter !! in the future, this fic will update saturdays, before 10pm PST!
“Hiya, Sher,” he greeted, winking, the picture of a mafia bad boy; in a leather jacket, a white turtleneck over his big strong chest, those big army boots, and lots of gold jewelry. A lot fancier than at the party Friday night… he looked nice. Really good.
Except for Vic - Victor Trevor, Sherlock’s beautiful, benevolent, hot, clever 20-something boyfriend. He didn’t mind that Sherlock was still in high school; he saw that he was way above the level of everyone else in his grade. He didn’t mind that Sherlock wore things other guys his age tended not to - in fact, he seemed to like it when he could see Sherlock’s bellybutton, or soft upper thighs. He didn’t mind that Sherlock was young, 16, and inexperienced - he didn’t even make it a big deal to teach Sherlock everything there was to know about dating. And kissing. And parties, like this one. Sherlock was quickly becoming known by name and face to Victor’s friends - something they all said had never happened before. Victor wasn’t much of a serious guy, when it came to relationships, but Sherlock really thought there might be something there, between them, something more, and beautiful, and so much more smart than everybody else and their boring, stupid little relationships. It was something so advanced, so intellectual, something Sherlock had never experienced before.
“Great. Let’s blow this popsicle stand, babe,” Vic murmured against his neck, tonguing there. Uh. He started to pull away, his hand clamped on Sherlock’s, when Sherlock separated himself, an apology on his lips.
“Oh, seriously, Sherlock. Is there something wrong?” Molly asked him, laughing at Irene’s and his playful flirting. Philip and Mike nodded, concern evident in their eyes.
It was the truth. Or, rather, the half-truth. John had come over, because he’d been watching Sherlock and Victor all night. He’d seen Sherlock in school before. Cute kid. He didn’t seem to have many friends, but he had a few - and he did really well in school. And John was selling to Victor, so he knew that Victor was not the kind of person who should really be having an underaged boyfriend. Nobody should, for the matter, but Victor really was the last person John would have trusted.
John leaned in closer, crowding into Sherlock’s space. He wore that same smile as before - not smug, but wolfish. Confident to the point of arrogance… but shit, was it hot. “That’s impressive,” he hummed, hooded eyes flicking to Sherlock’s lips. His voice was so low and close to Sherlock he actually could feel it in his face and chest. He assumed his face must be pinker than pink.
“I’ll meet you in the car, okay, babe? I’m just gonna pour out my drink,” he explained, and Vic nodded, eyes shifting to John and narrowing for a moment before stepping out of the room.
And Vic said, “I’ll pick you up Monday, after school,” and Sherlock said, “Yes, please,” all dreamy, and Vic told him not to talk to “that Molly girl, that Mike kid, the Sally girl either, and especially not John, Sherlock, please, if you will. You’re mine, babe. Don’t forget it.”
Sherlock looked up, neutral disgust already on his face, when he met crystal, steely blue eyes. Blond hair, tan skin, little freckles, like stars, impressive arms. Nice lips - pink, soft-looking. He schooled himself quickly. “‘Scuse me,” he muttered, casting his eyes away and reaching for the vodka, when the guy’s hand stopped him. He looked back up at him, into his eyes, and his smiling face. It was a nice smile, but a smile that said, ‘I could kill you right now and no one would care, not even me’. Kinda hot. Kinda scary.
He was beginning to worry that Vic had decided this was the last straw. Scratch ‘beginning to worry’, he was sobbing on his floor. He couldn’t help himself. He and Vic had been through so much together - through everything since Sherlock was fifteen… he couldn’t believe that Vic was giving up on him. Just like that. Well…
“Hey!” shouted a voice from the street. Sherlock turned his head so fast he nearly broke his own neck. His heart jumped when he saw Vic’s clean white Sedan, and he was scrambling away from John and running towards it before he even knew what he was doing. He got there as Vic climbed out and flew into his arms, hitting him solidly and breathing against him for a moment before Victor pulled him back by the shoulders and looked down at him to meet his eyes, expression of contempt on his face. Sherlock looked up at him innocently, desperately. He didn’t want to be a bad boy. He didn’t want to be a slut. He didn’t want to make Vicky unhappy, and he didn’t want to be taught a lesson. He tried to convey how much he loved Vic through just that look, how much he trusted him and how much he wanted him, tried to tell him he didn’t mean for him to catch John talking to him… but it didn’t seem to be working.
Plus, now that he was looking at the boy, standing in the kitchen with a cup in his hand, bellybutton showing off, his expression suspicious, accusatory, calculating, he could see the fading bruise over one eye. The other bruises on his arms, his neck. No lovers’ bites, but lots of bruises. It nearly broke John’s heart; such a young kid…
Sherlock woke up late the next day. It was already full sun outside, and he felt worn out and disgusted with himself from the night previous. Ugh.
“Come on, Sherly, get in the car,” Victor said, looking away to where John had been standing a moment before, and where he was no longer standing. Sherlock looked back and caught the heel of a black army boot disappearing around the corner, but Vic didn’t see.
They talked for an hour - Vic apologized for the night before (“Oh, Sherly, you didn’t think I meant it, did you?” and laughter) but made sure Sherlock knew that John was bad for him. “Men like that,” he’d sighed, “just want you for your looks, okay, Sherl? You doll.” And Sherlock said yes, yes, yes - to everything. Anything Vic said, anything he wanted, it was his. Sherlock would agree with anything for a chance at Vic’s affection.
“So what do you want from me? Vic said something about me?” Sherlock asked, immediately suspicious. This had happened before. Vic sometimes would tell dealers he had a boyfriend who was willing to ‘pay’ for drugs he couldn’t afford at the time. And Sherlock didn’t think he could take him in a fight right now.
It made sense - it always made sense when Vic explained it to him after, when he’d come down and calmed down Sherlock. He’d talk to him all soft and gentle, arms around him, hands holding him, eyes on his, low and rational - “Sher, baby, darling, lover, shhh, it’s all right. Just - shut up, all right? Shhh, listen. I only do it because I’m high. You know I’m a different person on coke, right, babe? I’m sorry. Listen, I’m sorry…”
Vic, Vic, Vic was on the other end. “Sherly,” he said, and it was everything Sherlock had needed, all morning. He sank into the phone call, tears forgotten by the familiarity of the routine.
“I don’t want anything from you,” John chuckled, cracking a grin. Sherlock folded his arms, still sizing him up. “I just came over to see if I knew you. Thought I recognized you from school -  I go to Westbrook too, y’know.”
“Yes, well. Most people are idiots,” Sherlock replied, shy. “That’s not what people usually say, though,” he followed up with, quieter.
And he did. Left John in that kitchen and chased his boyfriend out of the house and onto the street, into his car, breathless and tasting like cheap vodka. Vic grabbed him roughly, too roughly, by the collar the minute he sat down in the passenger seat, and shoved their mouths together. He tasted of nothing but beer, but his movements were strange, slanted in a way. Sherlock pulled back as quickly as he could get away with, gasping from his run and the hard kiss. His mouth hurt.
Sherlock continued to spiral until around noon, when his phone finally, finally, blissfully buzzed. He leapt up, sniffling heavily and drying his eyes with his oversized sweater sleeve, excited and hopeful but worried that it wasn’t Vic. He checked.
Sherlock swallowed, remembering the last time he’d been at Vic’s apartment. He remembered the cold tile of his bathroom and the pounding on the bathroom door, the blood and tears all over the floor and the horrible dull pain in his head. He’d honestly thought Vic would break down that door before he sobered up, and he was dead meat. But he’d calmed down, and it’d been all fine.
He nearly had another breakdown before he answered the phone, but eventually he picked up with a breathless, “Hi, Vicky.”
Molly put a hand on his knee comfortingly, making eye contact. Sherlock knew what it meant; she smiled along with him, their softness too intuitive for words. She knew him, knew how to make him feel loved, knew what he needed from a friend. She was too meek to say it, but he knew she didn’t like Vic just as much as the rest of them. She was a good friend; his best friend.
John cocked his head to one side, making eye contact and licking his lips. “Hope so,” he replied, eyes roving over Sherlock appreciatively, a glint in them, and then shifting back to his drink. It interested - no, frustrated Sherlock, but it was clear he wasn’t getting anywhere else with John, so he turned to leave.
He maneuvered around people - dancing, drinking, partying, kissing, talking, laughing people - and wished more than anything he was back home, in his room, working on experiments or altering clothes, or just smoking on his own. Sherlock made it to the kitchen without much PDA too close to him for comfort, and set about trying to find something strong, before bumping into someone in his haste.
Sherlock was about to reply with something else, but just then somebody snaked their arms around his waist from behind, and he was pulled against the chest of someone taller than him, away from John’s face. John’s expression went from a deliciously wolfish grin to a mere indifferent smile. His eyes went from ‘I’ll back you against a wall’ right back to ‘I’ll kill you’.
“You’ve been in the kitchen for a long time, babe. You sick of this party, are you getting tired?” Vic asked him, tone cold. John looked away as Vic backed Sherlock up against the counter, turning him so that they were facing, still extremely close together. Sherlock smiled effortlessly, putting his arms around the taller man’s neck, even as he wanted to turn and push Vic away. If Vic got any more pissed he might do something.
Never say Sherlock Holmes never did anything for love. For Vic. No, really the opposite - he'd do anything. Even sacrifice a perfect night in to spend in somebody's basement and sip truly horrific mystery alcohol out of a red cup, with Vic's arm around his waist. He wasn't even paying attention to Sherlock. He was turned the other way, to talk to somebody else boring. This whole house was filled with people he couldn't care less about.
“Yeah. Vic’s… a friend of mine,” Sherlock returned. What was he playing at? Was Sherlock meant to recognize him as one of Victor’s buddies? He was fairly sure he wasn’t. “How do you know him?”
He hopped into the car. Victor eventually sat down in the driver’s seat. “Hi, Vicky,” Sherlock smiled. Vic sighed frustratedly, looking straight ahead.
“He’s a client of mine,” John said, and Sherlock got his meaning immediately. Oh. So a gang member, definitely, then. Around here, people didn’t just choose to sell drugs - you didn’t just drop out of school and start doing it. Why would you, unless you had to? And even then, most people didn’t. Sherlock got the feeling John didn’t have much of a choice; he looked like the kind of guy to come from a family like that. It was illegal, sure, but lots of things were. Didn’t bother Sherlock, except that it did. Selling to Vic was a mistake, a stupid one.
“No, no, Vicky, you have it all wrong, you see, we were just talking - and I didn’t want to be talking to him but he insisted, and we barely said anything to -”
It also made him want to punch Vic for this. He knew how the guy could get - having dealt with him once or twice before when he was strung out. But John knew how to fight - he had to, in this business - and Sherlock looked like he barely knew how to throw a punch. There was fire in those eyes, but also he was a skinny kid. With a lot of bruises. Made a certain part of John get protective.
Interesting. Sherlock tried to pretend it was purely for his peace of mind, but… god, there was just some kind of affect about the guy that Sherlock couldn’t help but be turned on by.
After the last period of the day, Sherlock shut his locker to find John, a cigarette behind his ear, leaning against the lockers behind it. He blinked, and stopped. John met his eyes and grinned, unbothered.
Sherlock avoided her gaze and covered a spot on his neck where there was a healing cig burn. He was aware of his fading black eye, too, even as it was slightly hidden by his makeup.
“‘Fuck you’, and then usually they punch me.” Sherlock was hyper-aware of how close their faces were. John was still leaning into him.
“Heyy, lover,” Vic murmured in Sherlock’s ear, a smile in his voice. He smelled really strongly of perfume and beer, disgusting. “You been talking to my dealer? Johnny, this is Sherly. Sherly, this is Johnny,” Victor said - Sherlock nearly rolled his eyes, obvious - and then, “say hi, Sherly.” Sherlock let him kiss his neck as he said, not looking at John, “Hi, John.”
As soon as he got to school Sherlock avoided John as best he could, renewed in his effort not to talk to him. Only -- it seemed that now Sherlock was aware of him, the more he seemed to see him around the school. He couldn’t escape the intense, yet soft eyes, the big hands, the self-confident and maddeningly smug smile, the black army boots he always wore, the flopping gold hair and big muscles. Ugh.
His fingers passed over the healing black eye, lightly, remembering all the sweet things Vic said to him after. He smiled, when the real Victor’s hand came to grab his. They met eyes, and something in his expression made Sherlock’s smile falter. The moment passed, and Vic’s arm tightened a little around his waist, but Sherlock pushed away, moving towards the kitchen for more of whatever he was drinking. He had the sudden urge to drink as much as he could, and try to throw up this memory later. He found himself feeling that way a lot, recently.
