He didn’t get home until almost midnight. He picked Dodger up, kissed his mom, and went downstairs and took a shower. He considered not calling Tony, but he wanted to hear his voice. It was a very sleepy voice when he answered, but it was still his.
Steve shifted beneath him, troubled.  “Tony,” he began slowly, “that was illegal then.  Even if I’d wanted to--and I didn’t--I couldn’t have.  It would have been a court-martial.  Or--”
“Just a friend, Tony,” he said. “Just a friend.”
said no?
Steve ran his hand up through it. It was shorter than he liked now, but it was okay. It’d grow back. It always did. Just in time for Sarah to cut it again for his weekend away. He thought maybe in a few years, when he was done with his time in the Guard, he might let it grow a little more. Not too long--he didn’t think he’d like that--but maybe a little longer. See what the fuss was about. “Thanks, Mom,” he said, and she kissed his cheek.
“Good. That’s good.” Tony bit his lip, then sighed again. “I’ve never done this before.”
Steve’s eyes were back on Ross.  Hard and cold as ice.  “
had scheduled--he had agreed to go.
His eyes flew open, and he muttered,
“Don’t say I didn’t want you. I did want you.”
“I have nightmares.”
But there was more to life than work.
“What?” Tony snapped.  “If I just left?  If you summon someone to come get me?”
“I do too, you know.”
Tony moved past him and went to Sarah. He dropped into her arms, and Steve saw out of the corner of his downcast eye the way she caught him just the way she always caught Steve himself. She held him, rocked him a little unconsciously, and he locked his arms around her neck, holding on tight.
Tony touched his hair again.  “I love you, too.”
“He doesn't like staying home alone.”
Steve’s eyes finally met Tony’s and they softened.  Tony let his thumb caress Steve’s
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve frowned, troubled. “I don’t know.”
at something he loved. Something he had always loved, but had buried after signing his contract to join the army. Then buried deeper after what happened to Bucky and poor Jonathon. He thought about what it would be like to dig that up like a relic. Something ancient but valuable. Something precious.
Of course, there was no way Steve could keep it from Sam--not with his built-in bullshit detector wherever Steve was concerned. Nor could they keep it from Tony’s friends, Natasha and Clint, who were thrilled to abandon their usual lunch table and join Steve and Sam’s as soon as they found out Sam was taking some of the classes Tony had.
He nodded without lifting his head from where it rested against Tony’s. “Okay,” he said. “Forever.”
Tony came over before Steve could reply.  “Maybe you should replace me.  Get that Jordan guy back.  I’m the worst.”
He looked at Tony helplessly.  “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.  I am.  If it had been anybody else, Tony,
Tony didn’t beg. He didn’t cry. He just calmly said he would not get on the plane if they didn’t stop. “When we get to the airport, I’ll run away,” he said, looking Howard directly in the eye. “You won’t find me. Not until I want you to. And by then airport security will call the cops and it will be all over the news.”
He opened the door and stepped through into the apartment. His mind was so preoccupied with sweet thoughts of jerking off to Steve’s deep voice, maybe having a sandwich afterward, that he didn’t even notice Howard sitting on the sofa until he spoke.
“It’s a nice thought,” Howard said. “Perhaps not realistic, but nice.”
Tony stepped through first, then Wanda, then Strange.
He went down to the shop around one. Fury wanted schematics, Pepper wanted mock-ups, and expense reports, and run-downs on the Asian markets, and blahblahblah. Just another day. He made another pot of coffee. Steve wouldn’t like it--he didn’t mind the morning cup, but after that he frowned strenuously on coffee--but it would be mostly gone before Steve ever even knew about it. Tony didn’t think of it as
“Yeah?”
“I love you, too.  You jerk.”
“Me neither,” Steve said.
Steve nodded, just giving himself over to Tony for a while. Just living inside his skin for a moment. Tony kissed him again. And again and again. Dozens of kisses, softer now. Sweeter. Gentle against his closed eyelids. Lingering over his mouth and the pulse-point on his throat.
He smiled a little. He’d been expecting it, but he still loved hearing her ask. “How ‘bout if I lay here with you until you go to sleep? Will that work?” he said, and eased himself down onto the bed beside her. “Your dad might get lonely if I stayed away all night.”
Tony laughed and shook his head. “Really embraced that whole thing, didn’t you?”
Steve smiled sadly, trying not to let his shredded heart show in his eyes, but he was pretty sure some of it came through anyway. “You’re special, Tony,” he said. “You’re smart. You’re kind. You’re-” he laughed. “You’re the best thing in the whole world.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah, she did.” He ducked his head, smiling at his shoes, that blush still there. “Mom laughed so hard she choked on her Diet Coke.”
be used to it, though. He thought that might be close enough. He tried to smile, to make Tony happy, but it felt false on his face, like a mask.
Tony stroked his cheek.  “I know, baby.”
Gggaaaaaahhhhh. I'm the worst. I have re-written this five hundred times in my head, and five times in reality. It's not done. There's still some left on this section, but I have to get this away from me. I can't re-write it anymore. So, here's this part of the section. I'll post the second part of it in a couple days as a new chapter. If you want to wait and read them both together as one, that would totally work, but I think this was the best breaking-point. Sorry.
“You keeping score?”
was a soldier. He wasn’t some fucking kid anymore. He was Sergeant Rogers. Sergeant Rogers knew what was up. Fuck you,
Steve almost dropped his keys.  "Jesus Christ, Tony," he said. The grin fell from his face and shattered on the ground at his feet.
Tony lifted Sir Purr against his shoulder.  “How was your test?”
Steve nodded, looking directly into her eyes. “I’m sure, Mom.” She tilted her head, raised her brows in a silent question, and he nodded again. “Really. I’m okay. I feel good.”
“This is helping.”
She stood on her toes and kissed his cheek.  “We’ll be okay.”
Tony's birthday cliffhanger-resolution!
here either.”
“‘Dear’?”
Steve pulled himself out of Tony’s grip and stood up.  He’d always been “Cap” when Tony was in a good mood.  Later, Tony started calling him “soldier”.  Steve noticed he rarely did it when the others were around.  It was a private nickname, just between the two of them, and Steve always felt a giddy pleasure whenever Tony called him that.  It felt intimate, like something a man would say to someone who was maybe more than just a friend.  Now, tonight, he’d been “Steve”.  Just “Steve”.  And hearing that had been the best of all.  He was only “Rogers” when Tony was angry.  Or when he was making fun of him.
“Don’t worry, Tony,” Rhodey said, slapping him on the back.  “I used my override.  I’ll give her back when you feel better.”
She said the same words to Steve as they sat at the kitchen table, her delicate wrist in his hand. “You need to give him time, Steve. This was a shock. Give him time to work through it.”
And that was the problem. Natasha had put her finger on it without even realizing it. He took her shoulders and turned her around so they were facing the dancefloor. Tony was there, the brightest spot in the room, the brightest spot in the galaxy, and Pepper was in his arms. She was smiling into his eyes, that tiny smile that someone in love can never suppress, even if they want to.
“No.”
She gave him a mock-stern look, then ruffled his hair.  She turned to Tony and kissed his cheek.  “Glad you came, Tony.”
He was standing near the front door, hands clasped loosely behind his back. Sarah sat on the arm of the couch. She was wearing sweats and one of Steve’s father’s old, faded t-shirts that she only wore to bed. It was huge on her, hanging down almost to her knees, but even in such casual attire, she still held herself with a dignified tilt to her head, her shoulders up and back, sitting like a queen on the arm of their ancient sofa like it was a throne. Her eyes were on Howard Stark, calmly assessing. At the sound of Tony’s voice, both turned their heads to look at him.
Tony dropped his head onto Steve’s shoulder. “Baby, please. It’s been so long.”
, really, so fuck off with your ‘two months’ bullshit."
“Where is he, anyway, FRI?”
Steve shook his head. “No. It’s okay. Let’s stay.”
He realized how it sounded. How loud and borderline desperate it was blurted out into the darkened room, but he didn’t care. Even when Steve lifted his head to look at him with eyes that were a cocktail of amusement and wariness, he still didn’t care. “Yeah,” he went on, deciding just to go with it. Deciding to just jump right in. “Yeah, I want to buy you something. Something big. Something extravagant. Something you always wanted but never got.” He maneuvered himself around, slipping out from under Steve's weight so he could kneel on the sofa in front of him and grab both his hands. “Whatever you want, baby," he said. "Anything. Tell me, and it’s yours.”
Jeff woke up enough to insist he could drive home.  “I feel like I’m sixteen again!” he proclaimed, never moving from the patio chair he was currently laid out on.
Tony kissed his shoulder, his chest.  “I don’t know.  Maybe we should talk to Dr. Baxter, though.”
thought about anymore either, he was sure.
“It’s gorgeous,” Steve said sincerely.
you.”
“Did guys still do it, though?” Tony pressed.  He thought Steve was telling him the truth about himself, but his curiosity was piqued.  He wanted to know.
Tony swallowed, his breath catching in his throat at the simple sincerity in those words.  “Do you?” he asked.
He let out a breath, the corner of his mouth lifting into a small, easy smile. “Thanks.”
“That’s what I say.”
“I hope so.  I don’t want to be singled out.”
Tony grabbed his hand and pulled him to his feet.  “Come on, then.  I’ll run you a bath.  Help clean you up a little.”
Captain America uniform and quit giving me shit. I’ve had enough today.”
She shook her head, knowing exactly who he meant.  “Not really.”
He held out his glass.  “Would you please just humor me?  There’s nothing good for you in coffee.”
“Ten years, Pietro,” Steve said. And his hands were clenched tight then too. Tight, tight, tight. “That has been my life for ten years. Do you want me to just throw that away? Is that what you want?”
But the door opened right then, and Steve was standing there, so apparently, that part of the song was irrelevant. At least to this situation.
Tony moved, twisting within the circle of Steve’s arms until they were lying face-to-face. He brushed his fingers over Steve’s smooth cheek, over his chin, his jaw, before finally settling against his neck. “You would, wouldn’t you?” he asked. “If it came right down to it, you really would do it.”
She frowned, her red lips drawing down.  “I can’t leave you here alone.”
Tony touched him, running his fingers gently up his arm to his shoulder, traced the sweet column of his throat, the hollow at the base, the jut of his adam’s apple, then stroked slowly along the sharp line of his jaw.  They found the silky promise of his hair and curled into it, using that bit of leverage to pull him closer.  “Come here, baby,” he whispered, and Steve leaned into him, sighing as Tony kissed his high cheekbone, then his mouth.
meaning
THE END
Tony took Morgan and Steve slipped out the door, casting one look back at Tony bending over the little chest of drawers, Morgan lying on her side on the bed, the shark against her chest, her hair shining in the light from the little rose-colored lamp on the bedside table. Looking at them, at the picture they made, Steve felt a sense of great peace settle over him. He wasn’t entirely sure that he had earned that feeling, but he didn’t turn away from it. It was something he had craved for too long. He didn’t have the strength to abandon it. Even if he only got to have it for this one evening, he was going to revel in it. Luxuriate in it. Get drunk on it.
Steve lowered his head, looking at Tony from under his lush eyelashes. “Me too. For a long time now. A really long time.”
“Okay.”
“Just a little longer, okay?”
Tony nodded, relieved.  He hadn’t wanted to put anyone else through what Wanda had put them through once upon a time.
“You know he’s going to be up there in ten seconds,” Tony said quietly, carrying Morgan--now dressed in Sarah’s t-shirt--against his shoulder.
“That’s some crazy memory you’ve got there.  I don’t even remember who won.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His hands balled into fists, ready, eager to do this. He was nervous and awkward everywhere but on the battlefield, and right now that was here, right here at this stupid, glitzy party that he’d only attended because Tony had asked. Tony with his eyes, and his laugh, and his ego. Tony.
“I see people.”
Just as Tony had expected, there were motorboats out there now.  A couple of jet-skis.  Clear across the lake, they could see a bunch of colorful dots in the water, kids swimming and splashing in the shallows.
He felt a giggle rise up in his stomach at the thought of that. The thought that he had slept in that very apartment the night before. Wondering if Mrs. Perkins had thought about that when she wrote her will leaving the place to Steve. Wondering if she did it that way on purpose. Hoping she had. And then the giggle escaped, because there was no way he could hold it in.
“It’s not a jealous-face.”
Steve shrugged. He couldn’t seem to look away from that leprechaun. He kind of wished he could find the pot of gold at the end of a rainbow right now. That gave you wishes, right? If so, his first wish would be that his boss would just shut the fuck up and let him think. “I don’t really know,” he said.
Steve sighed.  “Thanks.”
“We don’t engage?”
Steve held him until Tony kissed him one last time, then sat up. Tony followed him. He didn’t let Steve go completely, though. Instead, Tony began running his hands over his body. He started at his head and dragged his fingers through Steve’s hair. He tugged it a little, then moved down to his cheeks, held them in his palms for a moment, then slipped them down to his neck, his shoulders, his arms. His face was serious, eyes dark. While he touched him, he muttered to himself. Even sitting so closely, Steve didn’t catch all the words he said. Just bits and pieces. Things like, “Yup, okay.” And “Uh-huh. Still there.”
,” she said, and sat back next to Sam. She put her head on his shoulder and curled against him like a cat. He slipped his arm comfortably around her shoulders and rested his head on top of hers.
“Yes.”
Tony pressed closer and brushed a kiss to Steve’s unblemished forehead.  “You’re not an invalid,” he said.  “The last thing in the world you are is an invalid.  You’re the opposite of invalid.  You’re...valid.”  He kissed his forehead again, then tipped Steve’s face up to his. “Very, very valid,” he said, and kissed him, letting his tongue slip inside Steve’s mouth and slide against Steve’s own.
He walked in and went right to the freezer.  He didn’t look around.  He didn’t realize he wasn’t alone until he turned around, his hand full of ice from the icemaker.
Tony stood behind the rows of folding chairs.  Graduations sure hadn’t changed much over the years, he mused.  School colors.  School song.  Boring speeches.  Endless parade of kids pulling faces at their parents when they received their diploma.  He’d had the same.  Except the pulling faces part.  That would have surely earned him the patented Howard Stark frown.  No point in that, even though, at 17, he was always ripe for a fight with Howard.  But, Maria was happy that day, smiling and proud, and even Howard wasn’t looking too anxious to disrupt her mood, so Tony just smiled and accepted his MIT diploma.  He got shit-faced that night, however, and balled some guy from town in the back-seat of his Nova.  He’d come down with a horrendous case of the clap.  Welcome to the real world, baby.
“It was a very long time,” she said, and put the bucket on the floor.  “Long enough that they made the whole kitchen smell every time somebody opened the fridge.”
, not
It--Dodge? Is that what he’d called it?--whined low in its throat and barked again, it’s tail whirling like a pinwheel in big, excited swoops. But it stayed put. Not moving from its stomach where it had landed when Steve--
“Aw, man,” the kid wailed.  “I can’t.”
,” she said, jerking her head at Thanos’ body.  “Steve had the shield and Stormbreaker, and…” She stopped again and touched Steve’s shoulder, caressing him gently.  “They kept getting closer to each other, and he grabbed Steve.”  She wiped a tear away.  “Next thing I knew, that bastard was on the ground and Stormbreaker was in his skull.  I saw Steve stumble, but he said he was alright.  He told Tony and Carol to get the last of them.  He said not to leave any of them alive.  Tony asked him if he was okay and he said yes.  He said he’d be right behind them, but when they were gone, he just collapsed.”  She grasped Sam’s t-shirt in her other hand.  “And then you were here.”
Slowly, he shook his head. “I’m not ignoring you, Tony,” he said, and was elated to hear his voice sounded not only steady, but cool and relaxed, confident in a way he rarely was here. It was, he realized, the way he sounded when he was with the other soldiers in his squad. Like he was a man in control. Like a man who could give orders that should be followed without question.
should hook up to get back at you.”
He wished he had his other one back.
He reached for the door handle, felt the cool metal against his fingers, but when Tony spoke, he froze.
“He does?”
“Well,” Tony purred in his ear. “Then we watch a movie. A
?  They should be carrying Steve around on their shoulders praising his name every minute of every day.  What were they doing instead? Nothing.  Ignoring him.  Making him feel bad.  Beating him up, for god’s sake.
He gave her a brusque kiss, then stood up and jogged to where Steve was standing. His expression had changed too, devolving into bewildered concentration. Tony grabbed his coat, high up on his arm. There wasn’t much extra fabric. The bicep beneath it was distractingly large.
what time it is.”
“Good,” Tony said, and reached out to grasp a fold of Steve’s shirtsleeve. “Then there’s nothing keeping you from asking me out.” He shook Steve’s arm a little. “Right?”
Tony knocked his knee against Steve’s gently and shook him by the shoulders.  “Just so you know you don’t have to do it
Tony took his fingers and tugged on them.  “Give it a try.”
Knock. Knock. Knock. “Daddy?”
“You gave more than I did.”
They lost the tournament.
She nodded, keeping her eyes on her coloring book. “When Daddy moved away.” She turned the page. “Then when I came here and Mommy stayed in California, I had bad dreams again.”
“You really wouldn’t mind if I stayed here?”
Steve put his fingers to his lips and twisted them in a locking motion, then mimed throwing the key over his shoulder.
He thought of it all. Let it consume him. Let it tear him apart.
“Hop in, soldier.”
“Bullshit.  When?”
“Fuck you, Rhodes,” he said, his heart breaking just a little.
Tony squeezed his wrist, rubbed the inner curve of his arm, trying to comfort him, but at the same time, waiting. Waiting for something, some unknown thing to come out of the charged air between them. He was afraid and exhilarated at the same time. He’d had that feeling before around Steve. But only around Steve. No one else had ever had the power to make him feel that way. He could count on three fingers the people who had ever had much power over him at all, and the fact that two of them shared his DNA--his father and his daughter--made the power Steve wielded seem all the more potent. All the more dangerous. All the more seductive.
“It’s fine,” he answered gruffly.  “He didn’t
. For the
Steve shrugged his broad shoulders, then propped his chin on his hand. He was sitting closer than they usually sat, with only the corner of the table between them. He reached out and touched Tony’s hand, brushing his fingers along his wrist in absent little strokes. “Nothing much,” he said.
Tony glanced up at him.  Into those eyes.  Those painful blue eyes.  “What?”
Steve brought a hand to his head and rubbed his temples with his thumb on one side and his middle finger on the other.  He leaned against the counter and it suddenly came to him how many times he and Tony had been in this position in this room.  He was tempted to ask FRIDAY to count them up.  Just so he could keep a running tally.  It seemed only fair--Tony was keeping score, after all.
His eyes were drawn back to that hand lying on the cushion.  How could a hand that crafted such dangerous, wonderful things look so innocent and defenseless?  Steve’s own hands began to shake, and he watched, mesmerized, as his finger reached out toward Tony’s.  It touched the pads of each of Tony’s fingers in turn, then slipped into the curve of his palm and lightly traced the lines that crisscrossed the surface.
Tony folded his arms.  “Oh, trust me, I know
did okay, too.”
“I’m sorry,” he said sadly.  “That’s classified information.”
“Yes.”
Steve closed his eyes and dropped his head into his hand.
be included in his mission. Scared that task might fall onto position two. Scared because Rumlow was position two, and the thought of that fucker getting close to Tony made Steve physically ill. Because that guy shouldn’t be allowed to get close to a stray dog, let alone a sweet, funny, gentle person like Tony. A person who was not only very desirable, but very
“What’s going on?” Steve asked, reaching for his hand. “What are you doing here so late?”
Steve bent his head and put his mouth against Tony’s ear, ready to tell him all kinds of things, but before he could, a heavy weight thumped against his back.  He jolted on his feet at the sudden hiss in his ear and the claws on--
He turned to the table and began to sweep all his notes back into their folder.  He whistled a little while he worked.
“You should hit me with a full blast,” Steve muttered.  “I deserve it.”
“Let’s not put her through that,” Steve said, smiling around his cigarette.
He wasn’t their leader anymore.  If anyone was, it was Rhodey.  He was a good tactician and had a strong will.  He was the epitome of what Steve was supposed to be: a soldier with a good heart.  Steve admired him, and he would follow him into war with no questions asked.  But was Steve worthy of entrance here?  Could he enter this familial circle or was he still that fugitive rogue who had left then stayed away too long, allowing for the destruction of billions?
Tony still got up with him in the mornings, but they didn’t talk much. They just had a quick cup of coffee, then Tony was pecking his lips goodbye and Steve was out the door. He didn’t always have time to come home between the bakery and the restaurant, and when he did have time, Tony was usually still at work.
“There’s leftover curry in the fridge.”
,” he emphasized, and Steve went ahead and grinned. He didn’t care about what he looked like. He never did. Tony probably wouldn’t either if he was as ridiculously beautiful as Steve Rogers.
“Hmm?”
“No, Steve.  It was.  It was that bad.”
He looked at her.  A rill of blood ran from the corner of his mouth.  “Peggy?”
Steve sent his fist out one last time hard, pulling it only a little at the last second so it wouldn’t break the bag and send it flying in a storm of sand, then he turned around.
Just three more chapters to go! I will try and post the next tomorrow.
“Once.”
Steve frowned again. “Interested in what?”
,” he emphasized. “God. Steve. No. That was-” He stopped, and ran his hand through Steve’s hair again. It was still for comfort, but this time, he was comforting himself. He thought he could get used to that. Touching Steve to make himself feel better. Drawing solace just from the feel of him, the solid, dependable
“Hi, honey.”
Clint stood up.  His fingers brushed the salt again.  “Do you think they’re hurting?  Wherever they are?”
Tony kissed him fervently back, eyes closed, hands in his hair, tongue deep in his mouth.  He wished fleetingly, cruelly, that Steve was not stuck in this chair.  He hated himself for it, but couldn’t help it, couldn’t help the desire to have Steve’s strong thigh thrust between his own, supporting him while he ground against it.
She sighed again, and it was familiar and well-loved, her long-suffering sigh.  “Where are you?”
He slipped his phone out of his pocket and tapped around on the screen.  When he was satisfied, he shot a message to the others:  “Allowances officially raised--live a little.  BE SAFE."  And then, because he couldn’t help it, “Love, Dad & Mom”.  Then, a wicked grin on his face, he immediately sent another.  “P.S. Let’s keep the dick-pics to a minimum.”
Tony drew in a deep breath. Steve could see the wheels in his head turning. He let it happen. Just sipped his drink and let it happen. Just enjoyed the show while it lasted. He hadn’t liked the first act of tonight’s Tony Stark Show one bit, but act two certainly had its merits.
and rip into them about the extra minutes Steve was in there, and how he should be paid cash money for every second they kept him in there.
Blood, thick and red, bubbled out of Tony’s mouth as he sputtered for breath.  “St-St-”
He swiped his face with the back of his hand, wiping away the tears.
He looked around at the familiar surroundings.  Familiar, but different, too.  He’d never seen the trees innocent of leaves.  The meadow brown and dry, the long grasses tilled under.  The dock was still there, a white, bony finger jutting out from the shore, but now it pointed only at ice.  The swim float that had been anchored twenty yards out had been hauled in.  It sat in the boat house, waiting patiently for next spring when it could be anchored out again.  Across the lake, Christmas lights twinkled on three or four other houses.
“Yes.”
“I’m not even sure I remember what I said now.”
“I’m not going anywhere.”
At last, Steve put the razor down.  He splashed more water on his face, then used the towel to dry off.  When that was done, he tossed it on the counter and looked at Tony.  His eyes had lost that focused, haughty glow.  They were lighter now, younger, charmed and charming.  He smiled.
He wanted her.
It took a long time.
--they ever got together, it would be so worth it. So, so worth it.
“Okay. Good,” Tony said, but when Steve started to lean into him, he pulled back a little. Steve frowned, and Tony squeezed his hand. “Have you ever tried it,” he ran his free hand through his hair, “you know, for
Tony powered down the gauntlet, and it melted from his hand.  It had felt strange having it on again.  Good, but strange.  Like putting on a wedding-day suit jacket a year after the divorce.  “I’m not going to kill you,” he said.  “I probably should, but I’m not going to.”
“Really?” Tony huffed.  “I guess I don’t have to either.”
“Hey,” he said softly.
Steve laughed low and soft in Tony’s ear, his bedroom-laugh times ten.  His lips brushed Tony’s skin, caught on his earlobe.  His breath caressed the sensitive skin of his neck. Tony felt his fingers tighten a little on his waist, squeezing him, and then they were gone.  “Goodnight,” Steve whispered, and turned away.  He crossed the room, climbed the stairs, and was gone, melted into the shadows, as if he had never been there at all.
, he thought, then ducked his head, laughing a little as Tony came into the bedroom.
“Five minutes, okay?”
There was a desk against the wall.  A low, leather-topped thing made of heavy, solid maple.  An Eames chair was slid into the knee-hole.  Tony pulled it out and sat down.  It was comfortable and exquisite.  It was something Howard would have bought.  Something he, himself, would buy.  Why did he have to have so much in common with the men he truly disliked?
amazing
And then, suddenly, and for the first time, Tony was looking back.
Through the phone, Steve heard Nick clear his throat, and below him, on the street, he saw Tony’s car pull up. Saw him get out and look around.
“It might have been,” Steve said.  “He might have been transferred early that morning and gotten caught in crossfire.  I can’t say for sure that didn’t happen.  All I know is there were no maneuvers from
“That’s right.  You should have.  I waited.  For
weird thing I think I've ever done, Steve," he said. "At least that's the way it feels to me."
time. Not since…
with one--but he wanted to get it. He felt like he’d earned the right to it, and he wanted to get it, but when it came right down to it, he was actually pretty content with his situation the way it was. He
It was fast, there and gone in the blink of an eye, but it had happened, Tony was positive of that.  Tony looked at Wanda.  Her brow was furrowed now, the delicate skin around her eyes creased.  Her tongue stole out and touched her lips.  It was a fretful gesture.  The mirror-image to what Steve sometimes did.  Her breathing had quickened, and Steve’s had too.  His chest moved faster, rising and falling with each intake and exhale.
“You can’t do that, Steve,” Tony said, coming around the bench.  He went into the little bathroom and came back out with a first aid kit.
“Let me grab her a couple blankets and I think I’ve got a shirt of Mom’s that ended up in my laundry once.”
“Still here,” he mused.
The bartender saw him coming and shook his head when Steve sat his glass down. “I gotta cut you off, man,” he said.
, for fuck’s sake.
“Whoever he wants, FRI,” Tony answered lightly, but his eyes were still dark on Steve’s blue ones.
Tony laughed.  “No.”
“It...It’s a little silly.”
He drew in a deep breath and let it out. “I think I’m ready, Sam,” he said.
Steve sighed.
“Then I’m not the only one who’s getting their memory checked.”
“But what?”
, and Steve wanted to prove he could take care of him, take care of them both, come what may.
“I’ve been watching, and Clint’s aware. I saw him looking too.”
? And what would that mean for their future? What would that mean for any little additions that might come along? Would he be able to handle that? Would Steve be able to handle him
“Yeah. It’s a long drive. I’ll grab the bag. Do you want to eat?”
“Okay.  Thanks.”
“You don’t know that.”
“Okay,” Tony said, unfolding the paper. “But this had better be some Shakespeare-level romance, Steve, or I’m going to-”
Tony had no idea how long he worked before deciding he wanted a drink of water and maybe some pre-emptive Tylenol--the couch sometimes did a number on his old-man back--but when he came out from under the hood, Steve was there, watching him.
Steve shrugged. He was feeling pretty cautious himself. “I, um, I don’t really know.”
“And did you read mine?”
“Don’t worry your pretty little head, Stephen.  I know how to play them close.”
“Past forever.”
t--and you haven’t been to a single game?”
Steve shrugged.  “I don’t know.”
Steve sighed.  “Just read it.”
“You hear everything you need to.
He came to stand behind her, keeping his eye on Baxter.  “He tell you anything before you gagged him?”
Tony seemed okay with it, though. He stepped back finally and then reached out and straightened Steve’s tie. “Wow,” he said. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you all spiffed up like this.”
“That wasn’t me,” Steve said, shaking his head.  He slowly rolled his hands into fists, then opened them again, watching the veins in his forearms.  “That was a different man.  A
hurt you," he whispered, and the earnestness in his voice was almost painful.
Tony gnawed on his thumbnail.  It was ragged and brutally short now.  Steve’s were the same.  They had picked up each other’s little habits and passed them back and forth like a virus between them.  They had actually been doing it for years.  He’d noticed it before, after Siberia, but had buried it deep in the bottom of his mind, covered it over with anger and resentment.  He wouldn’t do that this time.  This time, he
“Sure, I’ll watch the house, Tony, but when are you coming home?”
He liked that connection. It made him feel like part of the greater world around him. Even though he was just one man, in the context of his service to the country, he didn’t feel like one man. He felt like a link in a chain that formed the fabric of the world, and he was proud of that. Really proud.
, he mouthed.
“Were--
Tony laughed. “Oh. So actually ‘dumb stuff’,” he said, and casually rested one hand on Steve’s knee. “You know, we were talking about that once in California in my Physics class. We figured he’d have to travel almost the speed of light--like six hundred-sixty
Tony came to him and took his hand. He gripped it tightly, then sank down onto his knees. Steve looked at him fully, locking their eyes together, ready to obey. Tony drew in a deep breath. “I need you to say you’re going to move in here,” he said. His voice vibrated with a deep intensity. “Or that we’ll find a place, or whatever, but I need you to tell me we’re going to be together when you get back. Okay?”
God, Tony hoped he had.
“Yeah. Yeah, that’s what we talked about.” And Steve heard the words, heard the voice, but it was barely recognizable as his own from the breathless, eager tone of it.
“What kind of look?  Angry?”
“Ow,” Steve said, but he was smiling.  Tony felt a little lighter because of it.
“Okay.”
Cold, coiled rage flared in Steve’s chest.  He didn’t try to hold it back.  He couldn’t have if he’d tried.
"I know that, baby."
“Yes, sir,” he said.  “I’m fine.  I apologize.”
Tony read it again, then folded it back up and looked at him over the top of his glasses.
“You.  Tony,” Steve said.  “I want you.”
--Are you sure?
He shrugged again. “Nothing,” he said. “Yet. Just think about it.”
He rubbed his hand over his face.  “I should go over the re-con from Algiers.”
“Acknowledged.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, fastening his own belt.
Certs anymore?  There were also two old flashlights in there, and that’s what Tony wanted.
“I’m not,” Steve said, and his own voice was still just plain. Without emotion. Dead. “I’m just busy. Like I said.”
Nat looked at him flatly.  “You don’t want to fight me.  You know how that will end.”
But there was sweat on his brow now.  And his skin was so pale it seemed nearly transparent.
And then, there he was.
Just one last thing...
“Come on in, Mr. Stark,” Steve said, beckoning him forward, and Howard entered the tiny apartment for the second time in his life. He looked around, but this time, there was no cold judgement on his face, there was only a wary sort of eagerness that Steve understood completely. It was the same look he was sure had been on his own face while he waited for Tony and Morgan outside the aquarium for their first date. He pointed at the couch, and Howard looked at Morgan sitting in front of it, her hair in braids and bows, her hand curled around her crayon. “Sit down.”
SEPTEMBER, TUESDAY 7:00 PM
School was about to start. He had a paper to turn in to his English teacher, one he’d stayed up writing half the night. He was supposed to meet Sam for lunch. But the school stuff didn’t seem very important right now, and Sam would forgive him. He nodded. “Yeah,” he whispered. “I do.”
Tony rubbed his face with his hand.  It was a tired gesture, one he was pretty sure he had picked up from Steve, but he couldn’t help it.  “He shouldn’t have done that,” he muttered, and finished off his beer.
. I’m such a fucking hypocrite. But I wasn’t even thinking about us! I wasn’t-” He groaned in frustration, then touched Steve’s neck, urging him to look at him again. “I don’t really feel that way, baby, okay? It’s just, you and me...we’re...
Tony sighed. Ran a hand through his hair. “I don’t know, Steve,” he said. “Maybe I just wanted to talk to you. We didn’t talk much before. At the wedding. Maybe I miss talking to you.”
Nat and Sam climbed into the back seat, and Steve started the car with a growl. It was Tony’s car, a midnight blue 1969 Dodge Charger that he had redone all by himself, and it was gorgeous. He thought it looked even more gorgeous with Steve in the driver’s seat, and he wondered if maybe subconsciously--or unconsciously, anyway--he had fixed it up with Steve in mind. The fact that he hadn’t known Steve when he did the work, did not make him think any differently.
Tony kissed him again. “Okay. But I want you to know you can talk to me. About this. Or anything. I’m here, baby. I want to help you if I can.”
“Nat made me,” Tony accused. “She said you’d already seen it so it didn’t matter. I disagreed, but deferred to her judgement.”
“Maybe you should move in with us too,” he said, and she laughed again, shaking her head.
“I’m not old,” Steve said, and Tony kissed his mouth.
But it wasn’t Sergeant Rogers that stopped on the side of the road on the way to some busywork assignment. It was Steve. Sergeant Rogers would not have stopped. Steve had to.
"No."
Tony leapt in front of him and shoved him back.  “Get in the other room, Steve.”
“I’m not your business.”
“You know better than that. I don’t let
Then he started to walk away.
“Agreed.”
Bruce put his head in his tented fingers, hiding his face from the couple in the corner who were currently sucking each other’s souls out through their mouths. Or trying to, anyway. Tony met his eye, and mouthed the word
“Is he coming?”
He picked at his bread, used the pad of his thumb to gather up a stray crumb.  He looked out the window again. "Yeah," he said reluctantly. "We had one."
to be there.”
“Hey, you,” he said, and Steve opened his eyes finally.
“I got a cart and loaded it up,” Steve went on. He wasn’t looking at Tony. He was looking at the floor. “I wasn’t thinking about groceries, though. I was thinking about the party. About you. About how much I wished we were going together and I wasn’t just meeting you guys there.”
“Hey,” Steve protested sharply.
Steve knew he was here. He’d seen him a couple times. Just a quick glance as he moved from one side of the room to another. Once, he’d been holding her hand, the other time, he’d been carrying two glasses of champagne. He didn’t look Steve’s way either time, and Steve was quick to drop his own eyes, not wanting to accidentally catch Tony’s. Not wanting to make it seem like he’d been watching him. He hadn’t. Really, this time. At the ceremony, he had not been able to look away, but here, now, he just wanted to be left alone. He didn’t
Natasha came in from the kitchen.  She handed Tony a chipped mug of tea and put another on the coffee table in front of Bruce.  She curled up next to him with her own mug.  She sat close, but not touching him.  Tony supposed if he had not been there, she would have curled up in his lap.  He appreciated the restraint.  It was hard being single.  Not that he was single.  Not in his mind, at least.  He was just alone.
The sound of his friends’ names on Ross’ lips had almost derailed the process.  If any of the men had looked at him when Tony’s name was said, they would have seen a hurricane of emotion cross his features.  Sorrow, regret, longing, love.  That last most of all.
They went into the living room, and Morgan ran to Steve. He swung her up into his arms and hugged her tight. “Looks different,” she said, touching his hair.
Tony huffed a little laugh, ruffling Steve’s hair with his breath.  “We should go back there,” he said.  “I told Nin you’d be coming back for her.”
Tomorrow will be too late,
“We could just tell him Clint ate it.”
Steve was wearing a suit.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“MMPHH!”
“Tighten your defense.  There aren’t any rules.”
“Bye.”
Tony sighed, not wanting to be affected by him and being affected anyway.  Finally, he rolled his eyes to the rafters and said, “Hey, you.”  It was grudging, trying to still be angry, and failing miserably.
Tony, though.
So, no, he shouldn’t have looked up. He should have been paying closer attention to Josh, to the words he was saying, to the hand on his thigh, moving upwards a little at a time, moving toward his cock with every second that passed. And he
“Do you think that’s why I’m mad?” Steve asked. “Because you hit him?” His face was a cold mask of hurt, and Tony wished again that he had just stayed home. If Steve forgave him, he vowed, he was never leaving the house again.
“We can do something tomorrow, if you want,” Steve said.  He was turned toward Tony in his seat, back against the door--seatbelt be damned--head against the seat, curled up like a cat.  Tony could feel the weight of his eyes in his bones.  It didn’t feel like a sexual thing, although Steve could do that quite well when he wanted to.  This was just looking.  Just watching.  Just a comfortable, existing-together look.  Tony thought he’d never felt a look so warm.  He didn’t ever want it to stop.
“What?” Nat asked, gripping him harder.
“And you won’t make me wait.”
“It’s okay,” Steve said quickly, trying to put the sadness out of his mind, and his voice. “There’s probably fish in there right? I don’t know if I like the idea of a fish brushing up against me while I swam, anyway.”
Ross frowned at him, and nodded his head in agreement.  “Yes.  I know.  I wanted him, too.  He should be here, not you.”
“I love you too.”
“Yeah.  Real cute.”
--invading all of his senses.  Never had he felt such an all-encompassing sense of rightness, of the simple pleasures of being home.  “That’s the best idea I’ve ever heard, Steve.  Seriously.  The best one.”
He hated to know.
.” He gestured around them at the gracious, beautiful space they were standing in. “All of this? It disappears. It’s gone. Everything you’ve had your entire life. You walk away with nothing. No car, no clothes, no nothing. Maybe your little friend is fine riding the bus, but do you even know
They walked over to where Baxter lay on the floor.  “So,” Clint said, nudging him with the toe of his boot.  “What do we do with this guy?  Please say kill him.”
He hugged Natasha again, then let her go.  “Love you too, kid,” he said.  “And thanks for coming over.  I don’t like the holidays, and they suck twice as much if you have to do them alone.”
“And you’re still amazing.”
He thought he'd read once that dusk was the lover's hour, but when he googled it, all that came up were some weird songs and a list of bars nearby that had a happy hour.  He supposed happy hour could be interpreted as a lover's hour. Depending on what you loved, anyway. He, himself, might once have made that connection, but not anymore.
“Tougher than you, soldier?”
Just like he had been before. So many times. So many times over the years. He was there, and he folded him into his arms, slipping them around him and holding him close. Whispering in his ear, “Shh. Shh, baby, it’s okay. It’s okay. Everything’s going to be okay.” And for the moment, Steve didn’t even care if it was true. He was just glad Tony’s arms were around him again.
“All of the people who trained you are gone, Nat.  You can do whatever the fuck you want.”
He clicked on Ross’ name and started typing:
Steve grinned at him.
“Gina,” he said, reaching for her.  “Sweetheart, don’t.  Don’t cry.”
“How about you be super-nice and just forget I said that?  I try really hard not to remember the times I act like a dick.  That’s why my memory’s so spotty.”
have been there. Steve
“I’ll shut it down.  Don’t worry.”
He waited for his shift to be over at five, then cleaned up and started dinner before calling Nick. He stepped out onto the fire escape, pulled the burner cell out of his pocket, and dialed the number--the only number in the phone.
After a while, the city was gone, left behind, and fields of fresh-turned earth and tender shoots of alfalfa took its place. Tony flipped the radio off and the silence pressed in, more quiet than Steve had ever heard in his entire life. He and his mother had planned a trip to the Grand Canyon after graduation. They’d been saving for it for years. Steve wondered if this was what it was going to be like. This silence. This peace.
“Not at the moment.”
“Nah,” Tony said.  “It wasn’t too obvious.  You didn’t fall on your face or anything.”
“Yeah.  I do.”
He stared at her, shocked. He’d been prepared to ask. To plead his case. To get down on his knees and fucking
“What do you want me to think about?”
don’t feel good. She can make you grilled cheese and tomato soup, and she usually gives me ice cream after. And sometimes she even lets me read comics all night.” He shrugged, blushing a little. “Or, she says all night anyway, but I usually fall asleep before all night.” He looked hopefully at Tony, watching his face for a smile. “Do you want to? It’ll be fun, I promise.”
“Don’t get close, Steve. Don’t make this personal.”
“Okay.  Good.”  Steve turned on his side and curled into Tony.  They were both a sweaty, sticky mess, but neither cared.  They’d clean up later.  Steve was nearly asleep beside him, and Tony was falling fast, but he needed to know something first.  Had to ask.
Steve usually got home from his last afternoon class by four.  Sometimes if he had a study group after, he’d be home at six.  Tony looked at his watch, saw it was almost seven-thirty, and texted him.
Just a short chapter.
“Tony?”
It was smaller than the one in the Tower, but that same manic energy still hung in a haze around this room.  Steve was still amazed at the things he saw when he came in here.  Still excited and interested and frightened by all the things that began as only flashes inside Tony’s complicated, wondrous mind before finding their way down to his hands and made into reality.  It was still, even after all these years, difficult for him to conceive of--the sheer magnitude of things Tony could do--but it made him proud.  Proud and happy to think that it was his man who was capable of that.  His man who could create such brilliant things from nothing.  His man.
They ate dinner, then Tony, Sarah, and Morgan played a game of Go Fish while Steve did the dishes. Dodger stayed beside him the whole time, lying on the floor at his feet, as if he didn’t want to be apart from him. As if he knew that Steve was going to be leaving and wanted to spend every second with him that he could. And maybe that was true. Maybe he
“I am so glad you asked,” he said.  And he looked it.  In fact, he looked like Christmas had come early and Santa had been very generous.  He leaned forward in his seat, folding his hands on the table-top.  “It was Helmut Zemo,” he said.  “Your old friend.”
He was just drifting back off when there was a knock on the door downstairs.
Steve let him linger for a bit, then pulled back.  “Your pizza’s coming soon,” he reminded him.
Tony was a little afraid, even as he blocked him, putting his back into it, pressing against him, cupping one hand around the side of his neck, trying desperately to get Steve’s eyes on him.  “Hey, Steve, come on, big guy, look at me.  JARVIS?  Little help?  Whoever’s available.”
need instead.”
“Nat,” Steve said, but she shushed him.
Steve balled up the rest of his napkin.  “We should clean up.”
Nat took point from there, and she led them through the darkened hallways.  Bruce had told her how to get to Steve’s room and she led them to it unerringly.  They only saw one other person, a pretty blonde nurse, and Wanda worked her magic on her too.  Tony didn’t ask where she’d ended up.  He was just going to assume Wanda would put her somewhere nice.  He had too much to worry about without adding the nurse’s dreams into the mix.  A low-grade panic was busy swirling its way through him.  His head felt hot, his hands and feet, cold.  A bunch of butterflies had taken up residence in the pit of his stomach, and the flap of their wings beat out one word in unison:  Steve.  Steve.  Steve.
“Or an orange one.  Or a white one.”
“Keep it coming, Gina.”
Steve shifted closer. Held him tighter. “Did Nat tell you about the mission?”
“Pfft. I don’t have to ask you. You have no poker face whatsoever.”
It was another command.  And in the face of it, Tony could hold on no longer.  He cried out with the force of it, painting Steve’s chest with it, his breath panting in and out of his lungs, muscles clenching, head thrown back.
He got out of the car and stretched, his back popping. The birds were loud. The breeze through the leaves a soft murmuring like a lover’s sigh. It smelled like apple blossoms and wildflowers--like springtime--and Tony thought about bringing Morgan up sometime soon. What it would be like if the four of them came up together. Had a picnic lunch in the meadow. Dodger chasing Morgan around afterwards while Steve lay with his head on Tony’s stomach, watching the clouds drift across the sky.
heard something. Something about Peterson and a guy from the janitorial crew. And a janitorial closet. And since he knew firsthand how uncomfortable--and how fucking
Steve stood up and gathered up his muffin. He wrapped it up in the napkin and tossed it into the trash. He tossed the dregs of his coffee in after it. He didn’t want it anymore. As he was walking away, Howard said his name. Steve turned back.
“What are you talking about?”
“‘Cause I buy you pie?”
Around seven, he got out of bed and got into the shower. He washed his face, his hair, his body. He didn’t have a toothbrush, but he swished some toothpaste around in his mouth the best he could, then took a hit of Scope from the bottle in the medicine cabinet. When he went back into the bedroom, he made the bed. It didn’t look as nice as when Steve did it, but he thought it was passable anyway, then folded up his t-shirt and put on the rest of his clothes. He poked around in Steve’s drawer and found one of his t-shirts and pulled it on. He didn’t think Steve would mind. He went into the kitchen and started coffee. He knew where everything was. That hadn’t changed at all.
Steve nodded toward Sam. “Sam,” he answered. “He’s real fucking smart.”
“It does,” Tony said.  “When we do it.”
“Tony,” he warned. “
Tony nodded.  “I know.”
Tony tilted his head back until he could look up at Steve again. He unlaced his fingers, and began scratching them in small circles against Steve’s back. Tony had always been a bit restless, moving just to move, Steve thought that’s what was happening here. He just needed to move...but not move away. Steve tightened his own arms. “I mean halfway home from coffee last week, I had myself convinced you’d never even call me. Let alone make plans to see me.” He paused, bit his lip meaningfully. “See
“No, it’s not,” he said. “Nothing’s okay.” He laughed brokenly. “Nothing. We might never even see each other again after today.”
“I don’t really know,” he said into the phone.  “Could be a week, could be a month.  I wish I could be more sure, but I just don’t know.”
that capering, gleeful thing shouted, and Tony nodded, resigned, the life slowly draining out of him.  “Yeah,” he muttered.  “It is pretty silly.”
“No,” Pepper said, pulling away from Tony’s side and going to Strange’s.  “Tony says there’s something wrong with Steve Rogers.”
She came into the lab, hard eyes softening as they took in Steve’s sleeping image.  She’d know about the worried look, of course.  She’d shared his bed far longer than Tony ever had.
upset. For some reason, this space, thinking of how Steve had been living here for months in this plain, spartan,
Steve was wearing sweatpants and a Yankees t-shirt Tony recognized but hadn’t seen in a long time.  He should recognize it--he’d bought it himself.  Looking at him, Tony wondered how the fuck they had stayed apart for so long.  How did they stand it?  Years, weeks, days, Christ,
Tony laughed.  “What?  Getting our whole family sloppy drunk and letting them sleep it off all over the house?  We do that enough, Steve.”
He climbed back into the 'Cuda and keyed the engine.  It growled to life, and Steve patted the dashboard. He loved this car.  He had loved the Bentley too, because it had been the car that had brought them to the cabin--brought them
Tony stood in front of him, worked his magic in the form of the Eldredge Knot, then turned Bruce toward the mirror.  “How’s that?”
“Where did we land on that private island situation?”
“Yeah.”
Fuck you, Steve Rogers.
Steve came closer, his eyes roaming over his face, took his hand.  “Are you sure?  You seem a little out of it.”  Those three vertical lines appeared between his eyebrows.  Tony suddenly wanted to run his tongue across them, see if he could taste his thoughts.
She kissed his cheek.  “You never change, do you?  You’re still infuriating.”
,” Steve said, and ran his hand through Tony’s hair. “You do matter more. You always have.”
"You got it, Cap."
“It won’t be forever. It’s just that when we had to rush, it meant that we only had one night.” Steve kissed Tony again, kept him close, kept him in his arms. “I don’t want it to feel like we only have one night.”
, but Steve surprised him. He lifted one shoulder again, “I don’t know,” he said. “Kinda. In a way, I guess.”
“Then don’t worry about this slipping away.  Nothing’s slipping away,” Tony said, and his words were as much a balm to his own worried mind as they were to Steve’s.  This wasn’t going to crumble.  This wasn’t going to slip away.  This was here.  This was real.  This was always.  Tony would make sure of it.  He’d lay down his life for it.
“What can we do to help?”
He awoke later to a soft warmth covering him and the menthol scent of Steve’s aftershave. Good, old Skin Bracer.  Tony didn’t know what he’d do if they ever stopped making it.  Buy out the company, he supposed.  Force them to continue manufacturing it.  Or maybe just buy Steve cases and cases of the stuff.  Enough to last him through this lifetime and well into the next.  Would Steve still smell the same in that next life?  Tony didn’t know.  He wondered if God would accept a bribe so that menthol fragrance could live near him for all of forever.
Tony chuckled. “Not really.”
“What was that all about?” Steve asked when he reached Tony’s side.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” she said gently.  “But he did want to stay here.  It was his choice.”
“And she’s great.  And I love her.  But it’s not the same.”
followed
“I can’t believe you went down on me in a prison cell,” Steve said softly.
“Where is he?”
Tony kissed his temple, rubbed his back.  "Take as much time as you need."
He shrugged. “I got to meet a lot of people. See a lot of stuff I wouldn’t have seen if I’d stayed here.” He took another sip. “The money was good. The benefits. And I’ll get my pension. A few more years with the Guard, and I’ll be pretty well set up for later.” He looked at his hands lying steady on the table. “There were drawbacks too,” he said, “but I’m grateful. It was the right choice.” He looked back up at Howard, into his eyes. He was watching him with great interest, a small frown between his brows. “I’ve thought about it a lot. You know? ‘Bout joining like I did. And I think it was right. I missed out on a lot of stuff, but what I’ve got now? The life I’m living now?” He shook his head a little. “I don’t know if I would appreciate it as much if I hadn’t gone without it for so long.”
And he was. He was.
Steve felt a familiar swoop in his stomach.  “Are you trying to get me a date?” he asked.  He was trying for casual, but every word felt like a bullet being loaded into a gun.  Tony would be the one to pull the trigger, but if it would go harmlessly wide or straight through his heart, Steve didn’t know.
His lips quirked in a little smile.  She kissed the hand in hers and tasted blood.  “And
“I’m going to go,” he said.
He nodded at Gina, his smile only faltering a little, then he left, using his cane, but walking upright, his shoulders up and back, spine straight, head up.
Something funny happened to me at work last night.  I work at a meat counter in a grocery store and it is all open so I can help customers with purchases.  I was doing dishes on the back wall, and when I turned around, a woman was standing there.  She's a regular customer and really friendly, but I don't know her other than from the store.  I came over and got her what she needed, then told her I was sorry about the wait and next time she can just yell at me if my back is turned.  She laughed and said, "Yeah, I'll just yell 'Hey, you!"
for a while.”
“Seriously?” Steve asked, and Tony could not even begin to decipher the look on his face or tone of his voice.
Sam let out a breath of his own. He lifted his chin a little. “You do know where he’s going, right?” he asked.
“Yeah?”
Steve looked away again, but that little smile from before appeared on his lips. It went away a second later, but it had been there. Tony saw it.
“It’ll be okay. He’s coming home. Okay? He’s coming home.”
Tony closed his hand over the coin. It felt warm. Heavy. He tightened his grip on it. “I...I don’t really know what to say right now.”
“Hell, you’ve been dying to tell me,” Tony said, resting his own head on top of Steve’s, and he laughed in that soft, sweet way that always made Tony feel giddy. Always made him feel like he was flying. God, it had been so long since he felt that way. So long. Pepper, as much as he adored her, didn’t make him feel that way. None of the other lovers, girlfriends, boyfriends he’d had ever made him feel that way, either. It was just Steve. Just Steve.
A powerful wave of homesickness for Jarvis rolled over Tony as he flipped the lights on in the garage.  Both for the man himself, and even for the AI version Tony had created.  He tried not to think about it too much, now with Vision gone, but having even a virtual Jarvis had been a real comfort to him over the years.  He missed hearing his voice.
Steve scratched out what he’d written.  Again.  It didn’t sound right.  He couldn’t get it to sound right.  Nothing he wrote or said ever sounded right to him.  Why couldn’t he be more like Tony?  Why couldn’t he say what he meant and have it flow off his tongue--or his pen, in this case--the way Tony could?  It wasn’t fair.
“Are you really thinking about joining?”
“There’s my guy,” Tony said.  “There’s my best guy.”
--hated him, Tony didn’t.  And that’s all he really cared about anyway.
, Wilson, not because of some made-up guy in spandex.”
Sam grunted non-committedly.  “But he hasn’t put him on any medication, right?”
EPILOGUE
“Abort. Tony.”
“He’s nice.”
“Don’t you ever talk about her again!” Steve shouted.
“Steve?” she said softly, her voice questioning, her eyes dark.
Tony wandered the streets until dawn.  Alone.  He didn’t wait for the ladies, didn’t wait to hear how he’d fucked up and made Steve decide that his precious pride was more important than being with his family.  Because that’s what it was--just pure, grade A, seven deadly sins-style pride.  To hell with everything else.  To hell with every
“You can go tighter if you need to,” Steve said.
Tony gasped out an incredulous laugh. “
“Let’s wait for Nat.”
It was raining when they got to the bus station.
Tony felt Steve begin to relax.  The weight against him eased, then lifted.
Logically, he knew the answer was yes.  Steve
“It doesn’t matter,” Steve said, and while his voice was not hard, it was final. “I’ve made it so it doesn’t matter. I just don't get close to anybody. If I don't get close, then it will never matter.”
He adored that too.
“Is a
“I’m not grumpy,” he mumbled, and Nat kissed him again.
Tony stooped and pressed a kiss to Steve’s temple.  “Okay,” he said into his ear.  “It’s okay.”
or pizza?”
“Yes, I do.”
“You’re staring.”
“Better than ‘fuck you’.”
He showered and brushed his teeth, then spent way too much time making sure his hair looked like he hadn’t spent any time on it at all. He felt a little funny doing it, but he couldn’t help it. Steve had implied a sort-of breakfast date, and he wanted to look good. Even if it amounted to no more than coffee and a bagel, it would still be good--
“Speaking of,” he said, “you haven’t told me if
Tony who didn’t realize that sometimes you didn’t get to have it all. Who didn’t realize that wasn’t always possible.
“I don’t know.”  She touched Steve’s face.  “Because he doesn’t know.”
Tony thought.
“Steve-”
Tony’s fingers finally moved from his cheek. His hand drifted slowly downward, even as he turned his head and looked into Steve’s eyes. They were serious, those eyes--almost grave--and Steve felt his blush heat up even more under their scrutiny. “You kissed me,” he said again.
“I guess these look familiar?” he said.
She grasped his hand very tightly. “Are
“I thought we were.”
"Oh, Tony."  She stood up and rounded the table.  She put her arms around him.
“You bet.”
“Aww, you know.”  Tony shrugged again.  “Not much.”
Steve traced an “S” below the arrow. “Guess you gotta go.”
. You won’t do that. You’d never do that.”
Sir Purr didn’t answer, but he seemed to glance behind him, and Tony looked through the window in the back door and saw Steve.  He was standing at the railing, leaning against it, staring down at the lake.
Tony pressed against him, slipped his arm around his shoulders. “I wouldn’t say that.”
Steve went to the table and sat down.  “Where are we, Rhodey?” he asked.  “What’s the plan?”
Steve nodded, but he didn’t feel better. Tony still looked sad. And Steve was starting to get desperate. He didn’t want to let Tony go home feeling bad. He didn’t have a mom anymore. Tony had told him that. Said she’d died a long time ago. Steve had lost his dad, but somehow, losing a mom seemed worse to him. Maybe just because he loved his own mom so much, and he couldn’t think of a worse thing than her dying too. She took care of him. When he was sick or feeling bad, she always took care of him. Tony didn’t have that. He didn’t talk about his father much, but Steve had seen him a couple of times--a tall guy with hard eyes and a sharp voice--and he could not imagine him sitting beside Tony’s bedside, holding his hand the way Steve’s mom did with
need to see him like this.
“Can you two go rub up against each other somewhere else?” Clint said. “The rest of us are trying to watch the movie.”
“That you’re my fall-back when things get rough.”
“I knew you’d come back, Schmidt,” he said.  “I always knew.
He tapped his fork against the edge of his plate.  “What’d we say?  When we were eighty?  If neither of us were married?”
“Steve?” he whispered, but he slept on, oblivious. “Honey?”
They did have one advantage, he thought--all those random people milling around in his line of sight kept him from searching out Tony and his date. That was one good thing.
“Starks have always set the trends, kiddo,” Howard replied. “Right from the start.”
“I know.  And you were right.”
“Yeah.  Or worse.”
The guard led him through the concrete corridors, but instead of releasing him back into the prison proper, they kept going, and soon the concrete turned to carpet.  The walls became painted sheetrock.  There were desks, offices, computers, telephones.  The real world hadn’t disappeared, after all.  It had been here all along.
“No,” Steve said, shaking his head. "You were right about me. It’s Tony you underestimated.” He started away, back toward the door, back toward his mother, and his career, and Pietro, back to the life he was trying very hard to build. The life without Tony Stark. But before he got there, he spoke one last time. “You should call him,” he said. “Tell him what’s going on with you. He’d want to hear. Want to help.”
He went around to the other side of the bed. “Come on, Tony,” he said. “You too.”
“Whether you’re going to break up with me now or three years from now.” He let go of Tony’s hand and used it to pet Dodger again. When he spoke, his eyes were on the dog. “I’d appreciate it if you just do it now, though. Save us both the time. And the hurt.”
“And on that note.” Tony stood up smoothly from Natasha’s lap and straightened the lapels of his jacket. “I’ll talk to Happy in a minute and make sure all’s well. I’ve got FRIDAY vetting all the wait-staff and caterers. There had to be an inside man. But you two,” he said sternly, “need to chill out and enjoy the party.”
“And, uh, he was getting some pretty serious looks from the ladies, even with the chair,” Rhodey said.
like he was here, and whole, and corporeal.
“Alright,” Sam said, and nodded at Tony. “Hey, Tony.”
boyfriend. “Uh. Which guy?”
Tony checked on Steve again, then went out to the garage and worked on the cars for a couple hours.  The inane, sophomoric weatherman was right: it certainly looked like rain.  Big black clouds were piling in on each other, coloring the sky, eating up the blue.
A silence fell between them while Tony worked.  Steve let it spin out.  There was more he could say, like Tony’s constant need to fix things was, in its way, as much a controlling behavior as Steve barking orders, but he didn’t.  It would just put Tony on the defensive and they had fought enough for one day.
She laid her hand against his cheek, urging him to look away from Baxter, to look at her instead, to meet her eyes and take some solace there.  “Yes, you are.  If I can let it lie for now, then you can, too.”
Tony nodded.  “Let’s go inside, then, yeah?”
Tony put his free hand high up on Steve’s chest. He dipped his finger into the notch at the base of his throat. “Try ‘Tony, will you stay?’” he said. “It would probably work.”
“No.” Steve.
Steve glanced upwards.  Tony teased him for doing that, for talking to the ceiling when he was talking to FRIDAY, but he couldn’t seem to break the habit.
coat?--Tony could see he’d probably lost another ten pounds since he’d seen him a year and a half ago.  As Captain America, he’d been 6’2”, a solid, beautiful 200 pounds, but Steve Rogers, while it didn’t look like he’d lost any height, seemed as skinny as a stuffed string at 165.
“Am I going to have trouble with you?”
“Yeah,” Steve said.  “No.  I don’t know.”
Steve pulled it over his head and threw it away.  His t-shirt went with it, and he stood in front of Tony, naked from the waist up.  Bare, with no covering, Tony could finally see just how skinny he’d gotten.  The muscle was still mostly there, but there was no spare skin, no spare anything, at all.  It hurt Tony’s heart, seeing him like that, and all he could think of was Strange telling him Steve had gained some of the weight
"You love me anyway, though, don't you?" Tony said, laying his head against Steve's chest, curling into his best guy, knowing he was in the arms of the one person who would always protect him, always take care of him, always do whatever needed to be done to make sure he was safe, come what may.
“Or how ‘bout this,” Tony said, turning his chair and leaning closer until Steve was in easy kissing-distance.  “I go into town.”  Threading his hand through Steve’s hair, pulling him in to kiss his cheekbone.  “Get us some Chinese.”  His jaw.  Twice.  He loved that jawline.  “We open a bottle of wine.”  His neck, his throat, his
Steve shrugged, smiling a little.  He had his sketchbook on his lap, a charcoal pencil curled loosely in his hand.
“This is a good page,” Tony said.  “I like this page.  We need to stay on this page for a very long time.”
Tony looked at Steve again, and this time, he caught Steve looking back. That smile was still there. That little soft one. That sweet one that made his stomach tumble in his gut again. “You’re crazy,” he said, but it was quiet. Unconvincing.
He looked down then, at where his mother’s hand lay in his. He didn’t cry. He’d done that while he was out. He ducked into an open convenience store, went into the bathroom, locked the door, and cried. He did it propped against the sink, rubbing his eyes with his fists like an overly-tired five-year-old, and when he was done, when the storm had passed, he washed his face and his hands, went back out into the store, bought a pack of gum, and went home. So, no, he didn’t cry, but his eyes were empty, his stomach tied in double-knots.
“I love you, too, boss.”
were probably expecting? Pfft. Apologies. Who the fuck ever
Steve snuck his fingers back under Tony’s shirt, but kept his palms on his hips, still wanting to touch him, but trying to slow it down just a little too. “Don’t know,” he said. “Um. Forest fire?”
Steve smiled a bit sheepishly.  Strange had conjured a light, and Tony saw his cheeks turn pink.  “This is what happens when you break that ‘no touching’ rule during visitors’ hours.”
Steve began to drift away, the sound of Tony’s voice in his ears and his body in his arms the most utterly perfect thing he had ever experienced.
Tony put his arms around his neck and pulled him close, burying his head in Steve’s bare shoulder. His own tears were falling now. Steve slipped his arm around Tony’s waist and held him tight. “Doesn’t feel like it’s for the best,” Tony muttered, “It feels like I’m constantly getting kicked in the nuts.”
Tony pulled back enough to look into his eyes. He touched his cheek. “You're amazing, do you know that?” he asked. “Doing that?
“That’s not luck, boss,” Happy said.  “That’s all skill.”
Steve’s hand clenched tighter around the razor.
Tony grinned. And he couldn’t help that either. God, what was
“Come on, Tony, please?” Steve groaned.
So, yes. The answer was yes.
“Come on,” Steve said.  “Let me do it.  Please.”
