“No Siobhan, you are the end game of this. Sam and Rowena have to make this work. Until then we need to keep you safe. So, no going to Hell.”
Castiel told Jack a watered-down version of what happened in Siobhan’s room and that she saw the deal he made with the Entity in a vision.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh” Siobhan screamed two hours later. “I’ve been reading for hours and I’m still fucking clueless. That’s it. I’m going to do something productive” storming towards the kitchen.
I gave Sonny a secure email address to send on the information and after a couple of minutes of catching up, we hung up, with Sonny still thanking me.
But of course, the first drugstore I find in Hurleyville is a small Mom and Pop place where you are watched like a hawk. The fact I’m a strange face is not making it better. There is no way I’m picking up lube here.
Closing the door behind me I said “Cas, I’m sorry for springing the news on you that way. I was going to tell you last night, but it didn’t seem the time.”
As I watch, Cas moves, his arm reaching over his head and the t-shirt he's wearing rises up to reveal a flat, tanned midriff. I feel a shiver that has nothing to do with feeling cold. In fact, I'm feeling a bit too warm.
I looked up into his kind face and his beautiful eyes and answered him “Will I survive killing the Entity?
When we go back downstairs, I grab a couple of beers from the fridge and as Cas, and I go out onto the porch, I tell him about my conversation with Helen.
“Thank you, Cas, for everything. For being our friend and for making Dean, the happiest I have ever seen him” I said
I hurried after Cas, but he has already disappeared. Man, he could really move. Reaching his bedroom, I thought I could hear him inside.
Sam and Eileen give all the boys an enthusiastic clap with yells of “Well done” from Sam and “Thank you for making this effort. I’m so touched” from Eileen.
We embrace for another minute before we break apart, smiling at each other and then Cas is in Sam’s arms, and I’m hugging Eileen again.
Sitting on the bed, grinning at each other like idjits, I pulled him into a hug, and a knot that I hadn’t known I had, unfurled in my belly at the knowledge I was going on this new adventure with my best friend at my side.
To my utmost surprise Dean actually blushed and Cas was trying to stop a smile from spreading across his face.
I wake Thursday morning slowly while the sun filters weakly through the curtains. I’m drawn first to Cas, who’s sleeping in the chair beside me, his face turned towards me in sleep. The chairs that Jackie and Sarah rustled up for us are comfortable, but they are still chairs, so I can already feel some creaks in my bones. But the sight of Cas’s beautiful face distracts me from my aches and pains.
He grinned at me. Dean, Cas and Jack arrived in together and they grabbed something quick and 15 minutes later we were in the Impala and tearing out of the garage.
Cas’s face softens at that, “Then I was in my right to invite people to stay. It will be good for us to have guests. We have been a bit in each other’s pockets lately. I’m sure you’ll enjoy it as well. If you let yourself.”
Michael’s eyes widened, drinking in my face, looking slightly panicked, “Shush, you don’t need to say anything. I just wanted you to know,” and I wink at him.
“Siobhan, oh Siobhan, you were foretold, and your son was in the way. Apparently, you were all set to come to America 13 years ago, but you stayed in Ireland when you found out you were pregnant. And the only thing that would put those plans back into motion is if you didn’t have any reason to stay there anymore.
I broke from the kiss with Dean and stared up into his green eyes. My heart was pounding. An hour ago, before I met with Crowley, I was miserable and missing these men something fierce. And now, my heart is soaring and filled with such love, I could barely stand it.
We already have a shooting range and a workout room to train hunters in combat to fight any foe they might come up against
“We wait. There’s nothing more to do. Siobhan is now prepped and primed as the Conduit. We just have to wait on our chance”
I know what she’s asking about. Now that the adrenaline has petered out, I’m left with a tired weariness in my bones.
“Remember, the Dean from the alternate universe, Huntercorp. We stood in for you in case ammmm Chuck, God popped in. Still can’t get my head around that” Alt Dean said laughing
No monsters to kill, no whiskey to drown in, hell I don’t even have a punching bag. At least that might be the one thing I can rectify.
Remember him smiling as he ate pizza in the sitting room and watching telly and saying a few words to Joseph.
Looking at her I told her, “Nearly six months ago, Cas had to leave for a job. We didn’t know if we would ever see each other again, that’s when he told me he loved me. I didn’t have time to answer him, he was just gone. When he came back a couple of months ago, I still didn’t know how to answer him”.
Before the boy’s head to bed, I ask them what they thought about doing a book club. It was one of Cas’s ideas that he never got around to doing because of Michael taking up a lot of his time.
We just stared at each other, and when our bodied stirred again, we lost ourselves in each other, one more time.
Making my way back inside, I meet Cas coming in from the kitchen. He looks at me and asks, “What’s wrong?”
“Ok, I’m decent. You can turn around”. Jimmy turns, and the expression on his face breaks my heart again.
Cas and I stare at each other stunned before looking at Michael. Michael hands me the pencil saying, “I moved the pencil, Dean.”
“I am the Conduit” I said “I can channel the power of God from him to someone else. In this case, Jack.
I can feel my face getting warm before I said, “Obviously, I pay attention some of the time. Especially when you talk about bees.”
But I knew I wasn’t as strong as I had been. I didn’t admit it to myself how worried I had been that I would lose it but here I am.
Monday goes according to routine; except we have Sam and Eileen to help. The atmosphere is light despite the looming danger of Walker and the talk we need to have with Michael. But all that is put on the back burner when Helen shows up for her appointment that afternoon. After seeing Joseph, Keith and Michael, Helen calls Cas and me into the office to tell us the news about Nicholas.
Later that night as I’m lying on Cas’s chest, sweaty and sated while trying to catch my breath, I marvel at how amazing the sex is with Cas. Each time gets better and better.
Wearing a sky-blue t-shirt that’s fitted too well around his chest and arms, light blue jeans and white sneakers, Cas was actually wearing sneakers, Cas looked……….well he looked………..good. Amazing actually.
I reached for Castiel as I saw them appear in the centre of the maelstrom with angels and demons attacking from either side. Castiel gripped my hand tightly as we watched them struggle to get near Jack and Chuck.
Cas pulls on my arm, “Help me in the kitchen” Turning to Sam and Eileen, Cas talks and signs, You two make up a couple of rooms for them ok”
Standing on our doorstep was Rowena, current Queen of Hell. That was surprising enough but standing beside her was Naomi, current Queen of Heaven.
Sam jumps up, the sappy fecker and I follow. Cas beams down at me from the top of the stairs, “Dean, Sam, look what I found in the thrift shop. People give away the most amazing stuff”.
Every part of me wanted to rip open the letters just to see the words she had written but I knew I couldn’t do that, especially to Jack.
“Dean, Naomi is responsible for the death of Brodie, so Siobhan would come here and fulfil the prophecy. What if she can’t get over that? What if she can’t stand to be here and leave? Cas asked
Later, much later than we planned, we make our way back to the house. Halfway back, Michael stumbles, so Cas swings him up into his arms and carries him on his hip, the rest of the way home.
“Well I’ve been asked to officiate at a wedding” Jack replied grinning “My two Dads and my step-mom are getting married”
Sitting on the bed, grinning at each other like idjits, I pull him into a hug, and a knot that I hadn’t known I had, unfurls in my belly at the knowledge I was going on this new adventure with my best friend at my side.
“Ach, my Angel, don’t fret. We are in New York, the penthouse suite of the Millennium Hilton, to be exact. I use this when I need to conduct business outside of Hell. Too many listening ears and all that,” she swirls her hand as she says that, sauntering over to the bar and pours three tumblers of whiskey.
“Huh Naomi didn’t tell you that, did she?” Chucked asked “Well no surprise there. But then again there is a lot of things that Naomi did, that she didn’t tell you about?”
My desperation to get him back along with my grief of losing him, put his declaration on the back burner.
I needed it after last nights and this morning and just a few minutes ago shenanigans. I actually blushed just thinking about it.
Clenching my teeth, I do my best to sound civil, “It’s about a friend of mine. One of my boys, he’s missing”
“No wonder he was so upset when he found out you were leaving” Sam said “But Dean, do you really think it’s fair to him going with you when you can’t return his feelings. Maybe him staying here and giving him a chance to, you know get over you, might be the right thing to do”.
Jackie pauses then, “But those injuries will heal, Dean. It’s the mental trauma that has us worried. He looks scared to death. He won’t let us turn off the lights. He stares at everyone coming into the room as if they are going to hurt him. And he hasn’t spoken to anyone since asking for both of you on Saturday.”
After Dean is pulled from Sam in 2055, he is sent to Stull cemetery and watches as Sam jumps into the pit. Dean is then sent to Purgatory and hides behind a tree and watches as his past self and Cas embrace after his prayer; he can sense regret coming from Dean as he watches the scene play out. So many missed opportunities, so many regrets.
Sarah grimaces, “No I work in Hurleyville General. Michael’s mother keeps a house down here. That’s where the party was”.
“Siobhan you will be transformed at the subatomic level to become a Conduit for the transfer of power. I don’t know what the risks will be to you. Channelling the power of God, letting it flow through you, that’s……….that’s”
He goes out into the hall and we can hear him talk to the boys “Ok supper is nearly ready, but I have a couple of people I want you to meet. So, wash up and be back down in the sitting room in ten minutes. So off with you. Make sure you scrub those hands”.
Holding my hand out, to point back towards the house, I invite Helen and the Doctor in. Turning to him, I told him, “Doctor Jones, I wasn't sure where you wanted to set up. You can use the office, or maybe you might prefer the sitting room whichever you think will be more comfortable”.
As I approach, Sam releases her. Looking at both of us, she says, “Let's go somewhere a little bit more private, shall we” and in a wink of an eye, we are transported to what looks like the top floor of a hotel overlooking a sprawling city.
As we make our way back downstairs, I find my hands are shaking again. This is it. Cas and I are finally telling our closest family about us. I know they’ll be cool with it, but for me it’s still huge. Cas and I are still so new.
Cas and I stare at each other. Michael couldn’t possibly be talking about the demons, could he? The ones Rowena was sending to us as bodyguards.
On Wednesday afternoon, after the boys finished their schoolwork, Cas and I kept Michael inside while Sam and Eileen played with the boys outside. Sitting Michael down, we had to explain to him what he was. We told him about Jesse and about what he could do, about his powers and that he could sense other beings. We told him that there was a name for him, “Cambion”.
Jimmy laughs at Sam before Sam turns to him, “I thought the last 12 years were bad. They're going to be impossible now”
In the kitchen, the table was set for five, Siobhan always including Cas even though he didn’t eat. I could smell the makings of an Irish breakfast warming in the oven.
I get the boys back into the car and it isn’t until I climb in myself that I realise, Jimmy is sitting shotgun.
Feeling my heart clench a bit, with a dollop of guilt thrown in for good measure, I babble at him, “Sam, you and Eileen stay safe ok. Check in with me and let me know, ok Sam”.
Castiel hugged Jack and walked over to us, putting his arm around Siobhan and resting his hand on my shoulder.
Pursing his lips, Travis responds, “Dean you know I can’t give you specifics of what we discussed but we did get off to a good start. Better than I hoped. It was a good idea doing his counseling here".
Holding his arms apart he said “Desperate times………” Siobhan hiccupped and walked into his arms for a hug.
Cas’s face goes so soft; his eyes are practically doe-like, “I just love you and want to be with you and help make things easier for you, Dean, that’s all.”
My first instinct is to pull him in for a hug, but I knew that might not be welcome unless the boys initiate it first, but Joseph sways towards me until he's leaning against my side and I catch him in a side hug, squeezing tightly. I pull away after a few moments, looking down at him and his cheeky grin reappears before he runs out of the house.
After I laid Siobhan back down, I looked at Cas on the other side of the bed. He was looking at Siobhan with such tenderness and sorrow. But I felt no jealousy. It was like we were both together on our feelings for her. But how would it end? Who would be the loser in this?
I truly thought that by the time Sam and I got back to the bunker after defeating Chuck and saying goodbye to Jack, that Cas would have been here. That Jack would have freed him, but he wasn’t. Now a month has gone by, a month of prayers and research and more prayers to Jack and Cas, begging for him to be returned. Surely Jack wouldn’t leave him in the Empty, Cas was his Dad.
“Good, how about we find where the boys are at, ok?” and Cas stands, nods at Travis, and walks out hand in hand with Michael.
Swallowing around the lump in my throat, I reply, “Us too, Joseph. And you can call Eileen and Sam anytime you want, alright”, and he nods again.
As Trace sets himself up, he seems to take it for granted that Cas and I will be staying. Clearing my throat, I ask Jimmy, “Do you want us to stay, Jimmy?”
Cas’s free hand gripped both of mine entwined across his stomach. We both watched as Michael finally drifted back to sleep.
Cas and I jerk awake as the sound of Michael’s screams vibrates around the room from the baby monitor.
I woke up and felt I had lived a thousand lifetimes. I was groggy and my limbs felt as it had been lifting weights for hours, they were sore and heavy. The room I was in was dark and it felt strange.
“I have to say, your town puts on quite a fair, we’ve really enjoyed our day, so far” Sam pipes up, ever the diplomat.
The thrill those words gave me, never mind being flipped like I weighed nothing, had me hard as a rock.
Cas, there is a few relaxation techniques we could try with Michael before he goes to sleep at night, that might help. But if the nightmares continue after a week, I will prescribe the medication, ok”
When I step out of the room, there’s another Deputy keeping post. He nods at me but otherwise doesn’t say anything. At the nurse’s station, Helen, Sarah and Jackie are huddled together, whispering. Helen sees me first, rasping out my name before wrapping me in a hug. I’m still not comfortable hugging people outside Dean, Sam and Eileen, but these three women are becoming invaluable to our family, so I return the hug as best as I can.
As Cas and I reach them, I point at Joseph and say, “Is it ok if I get a hug now?” and the cheeky fecker responds, “Ok, I’ll allow you”, before dissolving into his trademark giggles.
I listen to Sonny and think ok, that doesn’t sound so bad. Sonny told us privately that the boys are allowed to leave the farm, but only with one of us, but Cas is heading into town alone for his first trip until we get familiar with the place, or so I thought.
Sarah the nurse has Michael already in bed wearing navy blue pyjamas that makes his face look paler and his blue eyes huge in his face. He's lying on his side staring at Cas who's sitting on the middle bed in the room, looking back at him.
I fake a smile of relief, “Well, that is good news. But for now, we are going to stay indoors. Eileen and Sam are using the barn for some of their work, and they need a bit of quiet. How about we have an early Book Club meeting, and you tell me how you’re liking the new Harry Potter book.”
I didn’t say anything. Keeping one arm around Cas, I tried to move the blanket so I could get under it. Seeing what I was trying to do, Cas helped, as I raised my hips, and I was soon under the blanket with him. Wrapping both my arms around Cas, I tucked his head under my chin as he wrapped his arm around my waist. We lay like that, me rubbing my hand up and down Cas’s back, trying to provide whatever comfort I could give him.
Winking at him I said, “Yeah road trip. Well, the surprise is at the end of our road trip. So, everyone last chance to use the bathroom, so get to it. You too Cas”
“Hey guys. Nice to see you out and about” Robin says with a big smile on her face. The boys all greet her shyly and I roll my eyes behind their backs before reaching over to give her a hug.
Stripping down for my shower, I'm hyper-aware that despite the bathroom door between us, I'm only a couple of feet away from Cas. I'm already aroused after our encounter downstairs and I desperately want to jerk myself off, but I don’t feel right doing it with Cas so close.
I watch as Cas absorbs this information before I’m rewarded with the biggest smile yet from him. Oh boy, Sam was going to get it from my angel.
“I didn’t,” I tell him, “Our housekeeper at the farm always makes plenty. I was bringing Dean and Jimmy some as well and thought you mightn’t have eaten.”
Dean finally untangled himself from Siobhan. It was his first time being with her on his own and it was just as amazing.
I woke to find myself alone in the bed. I looked over at the clock and it said 2.30am. I looked around, no Siobhan, no Cas. Christ a man might get a complex.
When I was finished, Jody shook her head and said “Wow I thought our lives were weird but yours is………is………..”
I grin down at him, “Sonny came into my life when I really needed him. I loved being there so much that I could see myself staying there with Sonny, and I wanted to, I really did. I could see myself going to school, competing on the wrestling team and I would have stayed if it wasn’t for Sammy. I couldn’t leave him alone. He was my responsibility”.
“More” I groaned, and Cas obliged by adding a second finger. He took it slowly, delving in and out, opening me up.  He plunged both fingers and caressed my prostate, sending spasms of sensation throughout my body, that had my cock twitching and leaking pre-cum.
Cas smiles at her, “Sarah told us. She’s kept us up to date on the situation. How is she? We haven’t seen her much since Michael’s stitches came out.”
Rose looks between Sonny and Cas and says, “What’s this now?” and Cas tells her of his plans to plant a vegetable garden.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, “Thank Jack for Sam and Eileen because I’m not leaving Jimmy alone, Cas.”
The rest of our clothes soon departed ways and the next hours were of sensations so amazing, touches that burned, kisses that curled toes and lovemaking that had never been experienced before.
But the biggest change was about a week after he was back. Eileen and Cas had gone off on some vague shopping trip. Sam and I hadn’t thought much about it until they came back. We were sitting at the map table drinking beers when they arrived home and I glanced up to say hello and found myself doing a double take. Cas and Eileen walked down the steps with smirks on their faces with Eileen finally saying “What do you think?
Rose squeezes my arm, “Your Cas has a beautiful soul Dean. Of course, he’s invested. But between you and me, we’ll mind him ok”.
Peppering my lips softly with kisses, he says, “Well we do have lots and lots of supplies to use and I would like you to use them on me………….tonight”.
At 35, she still lives in the house she grew up in, no parents, no husband, no kids, or education to do anything but serve food and change an adult diaper.
The boys were standing pretty close together and leaned away from each other quickly when they saw me. I pretended I didn’t notice anything.
The fact the Queen of Hell was comforting Siobhan and not me or Dean, yeah well, the irony was not lost on me.
Cas pats Jimmy on the back as he climbs into the car. Squeezing Cas’s hand, I walk around the front of the car and climb in before taking off towards Hurleyville.
The sound of the screen door opening had us both turning back to the house and the familiar and welcoming voice of Sonny, “D-Dawg, you made it”.
“Hey” I said hooking my hand under his chin. Once his eyes met mine, I continued “No one is keeping score here, ok”.
“Human now, remember?” Cas says with his eyes drooping and slurring his words a little, thanks to the beers he consumed.
The sharp pallor was gone from his skin, fading slowly after our showdown with Chuck. Those months towards the showdown had taken their toll on us. We had looked a little haggard towards the end. Now I barely recognised us, myself included.
Walking out of the bedroom, I hated seeing the look on Dean’s face when I said those last words. I knew deep down where Dean was coming from, but right now I needed to get out of here.
“No, I’m actually giving up hunting for a while, Cas. I’m heading to New York State to help out a friend” I trailed off seeing the look on Cas’s face.
“Are you still on board with this? I know we have been taking things slow, you and me. But I want you to know, you are enough for me. And the only reason I suggested this was because I knew you shared my feelings for her” Cas stated
Sonny’s voice from long ago echoed in my head as I stared up at the farmhouse with its whitewash paint and its bright green doors and shutters, with something akin to trepidation and excitement.
Squeezing his shoulders, I take off for the exit hoping Jimmy is just taking some air and hasn’t completely disappeared on me.
And how did I bring it up. How do I ask without ruining this beautiful new direction we were going in?
The one time I did try to bring it up, Cas looked at me with such wide expectant eyes, that I lost my nerve, and mumbled about doing a beer run before running up the stairs and out the door. Yeah, real cool like.
I looked over at Rowena. She was looking back at me with raised eyebrows and pursed lips and then she nodded slightly.
I knew what was coming. Joseph comes running back to me, face flushed with excitement. “Dean, Dean, Sam wants to see the lake. Can we go? Can we show him now?”
Sam seemed to come to some decision and said, “Shit, Dean I don’t know if I should even say this but dammit………….. look Cas has been human a few times or close to human as he could get, but this time, he’s fully human you know, he can never be an angel again”.
When Sam releases me, his own face is wet, before he shakes me gently saying, “Finally. I knew all those staring contests meant something” and I bark out a laugh.
I finally left my room in search of my babysitter, feeling bad for leaving him on his own. Jack was in the kitchen eating, of course.
“Man, it’s good to hear your voice” Sonny said, “I hope you don’t mind but I’m looking for a favour”.
Filling a vase with water, she takes the flowers from Cas and arranges them before placing them in the centre of the table. Bending over the flowers, she takes a deep breath smiling, “I love honeysuckle. Cas, I’ll be in your debt forever if you would plant some around the farm.”
Raising our joined hands, I kiss Dean's knuckles, “Yes, he did. He said he seems like his Dad is trying harder this time. And he sounds good, you know. We’ll keep an eye. And Dean, even if something does go wrong, Jimmy is not too far away.”
I remember the gnawing panic rising in my throat. Wanting Sammy to shut up and just keep the peace with Dad, but at the same time, proud and ashamed of how he stood up to Dad when I never did.
Cas beams at me before he shyly asks, “Dean, you really meant it, I mean I……. last night when you said……………….”
Castiel jerked back before I could, his face a mask of shock, whether because of what he had just done or because he really didn’t want me to touch him, I don’t know.
I stood in the kitchen, my body shimmering with rage and I wanted to scream and wail and destroy everything with my bare hands.
Gathering herself, she stands up and we join her, “Thank you for this. After all the times we let him down by leaving him in that house, well I want him to get the best care now. He’s such a sweet boy”.
Robin clasps her hands in front of her chest dramatically and gushes, “Are you kidding? It was like the end of the world when Dean left. I thought I’d never get over him”
“You know nothing” he answered angrily. “There are reasons why I’m keeping my distance from you.  And it’s not because I don’t like you in fact, I feel the opposite” Castiel stopped suddenly when he realized what he said
I then turned to Dean and did the same with his t-shirt. The minute it was off him, his mouth was on mine devouring me.
My blood turns to ice when I hear Helen’s shaky intake of breath, “Dean”, her voice breaking on my name”
I squeeze his shoulder and head in to have my shower. I look back as I enter the en-suite to find Cas standing where I left him, his back to me and his head bowed.
Clearing my throat, I said “Yeah, Robin and I caught up with each other the last time I was here with Sam. We knew each other as teenagers”
Rose sat with Michael while Cas joined us for breakfast. She came back down informing us that Michael was fast asleep, so Cas said he would take advantage of it and go for a small walk and check on the vegetable garden, before showering.
A muffled sob breaks free from Cas. Sarah looks at me and then looks at Cas. Understanding, I grab him under his arms and pull him up. Dragging him from the room, Cas makes no effort to fight me.
Cas squeezed me even tighter and then let go. He looked up at me with distinctly watery eyes and said “Thank you Sam”
For dessert, Rose had left out apple pie, and I lean back in my chair full and sated as I eat the last piece from my plate. Across the table, I find Cas’s gaze resting on me. I hold his gaze basking in the happiness I see on his face until my brother snorts under his breath, “Some things never change”.
Cas and I sighed in relief at the plan. Smiling at Cas, she said, “C’mon I show you how to prepare the bath for Michael. First we need a basin”
Opening the door slowly, I peered in. Michael is asleep, with Miracle lying beside him in the bed, his right hand buried in her fur. Cas is sitting on the floor next to the bed holding Michaels other hand, his head leaning back against the locker with his eyes closed.
“How about you put it away and not let me get more sleep” I whispered with what I hoped was my seductive voice.
But it's not always cut and dried like that. If these boys didn’t get love from you and Dean, where would they get it?
As we tell our story, I’m more than amazed at what we have gone through. I’m afraid Jimmy won’t believe us. That he will think we are making a fool out of him.
But her heart was for his best friend and the man he had feelings for. Like how fucked up was that. That’s all he needed, was more stress.
Michael agrees to that, so Cas gives it to him and tucks him in. Pulling Jimmy in for a side hug I ask him if he’s ok on his own”.
Cas wasted no time as his right hand slid down to grab my cock and I gasped into his mouth as he thumbed the opening of my cock and I felt him rubbing pre-cum around the top. My soft thrusts into his fist had my ass pressing more against Cas’s cock and I found myself spreading my legs, while digging my heels into the mattress, looking for purchase.
I was smiling remembering that day when Sam walked into the room while finishing up a call. He ended it and sat down beside me.
Hi everyone. Sorry for the late chapter. Work and home life crazy busy at the mo. I hope you enjoy this.
I wasn’t disappointed at all if they decided to spend the evening in their room. After all that's what Cas and I wanted. Wasn’t it?
She remembered now what distracted him. He sensed someone’s happiness. Was it Cas?? Had she failed him? No. It couldn’t have Cas. She wouldn’t let it.
My head jerks up, and I meet Cas’s eyes. I can’t go to the lake. I have to stay here in case Jimmy needs me. There’s no way I can do it. But I also can’t do that to the boys. They don’t deserve that.
I touch her arm lightly, “Of course Helen, we’ll do our best. Please, I’ll walk you out” and she bowed her head jerkily.
The first and only time I saw Cas crying was that goddamn awful day in the dungeon when he told me he loved me, and then the Empty took him.
Cas nods at Sonny on hearing this information, turning to Jimmy he asks, “Really, you like to work with your hands, Jimmy?”
Cas continues, “I was thinking about a book club, maybe do some hiking. There’s a wooded area behind the house that has some nice trails and Dean and I were going to continue Sonny’s idea of showing the boys some self-defence moves so they can protect themselves”
Castiel opened his mouth and I interrupted and said “You know what, lets save some new knowledge until tomorrow. My head is about to explode.
Cas eventually pulled out of the embrace and smiling weakly at me, he turned and went back into Michael.
I hold Cas’s hand as he dials Claire's number and puts her on speaker. After exchanging pleasantries for a few minutes, she asks about the boys we have, and I can see her interest in the boys, touches Cas. Eventually, he tells her we have a specific reason for ringing, and then he tells her.
Cas smiled at me and said “I know Dean. You show me every day. Never doubt my love Dean, like I will never doubt yours”
“Dean, we’re too enclosed. We’re underground, if the armies attacking don’t bring it down around our ears, Chuck could do that himself” Siobhan said “We need to be above ground. Preferably somewhere remote, where there won’t be collateral damage to innocents.”
I watched as Cas complied with my request, Dean taking the trench coat from him as he shrugged out of his suit jacket. As I watched, I realised that these two men were as nervous and unsure as I was, that we were all in this together.
He knew Dean was taking it upon himself to make the hard decisions, just like always, but this was Jack. This boy who was the closest thing he would ever have to a son. So, he would bury his feelings with work.
I nod my head, “Is that so. Sheriff, can I have your number so I can call you back with a time” and the Sheriff hands me a business card with the Hurleyville PD logo embossed on it along with their phone numbers, email address and web page.
It was taking all of my concentration to ignore the screams coming from Siobhan and to keep going forward with the spell. Every nod from Naomi meant adding another ingredient.
Cas and Jimmy come in when it starts getting dark, both of them muddy and sweaty from their afternoon of digging. They go to shower, and when Rose announces that dinner will be on the table in 15 minutes, I chase the boys to wash up, before washing up myself. Dinner is a lively affair, it's Sonny’s last night, and he does his best to keep everyone’s spirits up, though Rose is a little bit teary eyed and tries to hide it.
The last couple of hours were the strangest of my life. Meeting Adam, like Adam, the first man. And now Jack was in the passenger seat holding Adam’s rib.
There’s a beat of silence before she bellows out, “You hooked up with Hasselhoff '', and then it takes her ten whole minutes to stop laughing. Not exactly the reaction we were expecting. Though the squinty-eyed, pouty face of Cas as he glares at the phone while Claire laughs her ass off is so worth the insult.
The next month was like being in boot camp, Sam schooled me in ways to kill pretty much every creature that went bump in the night as well as telling me about their allies and friends both supernatural and human including the Queen of Hell.
Michael shook his head as I said, “Ok buddy, maybe in a little while. I’ll let you rest” and I smiled at him again.
I could hear Siobhan and Cas whispering to each other and I remembered the evening before. Even before the confession that had torn his soul apart, he had done it again, lost his temper with Siobhan. He was going to lose her if he kept this up. He could lose both of them.
Sarah and I go back into the room for her to say goodbye to Michael. She doesn’t touch him, but she kneels by his bed and she assures him she will be back on Wednesday.
Both of our cocks were leaking precum that acted as a natural lubrication as I stroked both of us, until Cas joined in, using both hands to my one.
Sam then made a disgusted sound and turned to Jack and said “They are going to be impossible to live with”
Siobhan groaned as she sank into the water. She kept sinking until the water covered the top of her head.
“Dean they are having naked sex all over the bunker. While we are only kissing, with all our clothes on” Cas says as if this is a major hindrance.
I see Sam glance at me, rub the back of his neck, blow out a breath, look at me again and then decides to think better of it.
Cas listened attentively and asked a question here and there, before finally saying, “Sam, Dean, Eileen, this is a wonderful thing you are doing. Putting all this to good use. I hope I will be able to help in some small way”.
We all turned towards the door and that’s when I heard someone screaming my name “Castiel where are you? Dean, Sam please, where are you?
Looking out at the passing scenery that once was so familiar to him, Sam says, “Yeah, I remember back then that even though I wanted nothing to do with the supernatural, I would still hear things from time to time. I’m pretty sure what I heard about this particular woman was that she’s a witch.”
I can’t help myself, the last few days of having Cas at my side, laughing and joking and relaxing and now teasing each other goes to my head.
She craned her head to look up at me and said “Oh Sam, this spell, it’s going to be painful. I mean thinking you’re being boiled alive, painful.”
Grabbing Cas’s wrists, I pinned each one to his side and trailed a line of kisses down his neck. Kissing a trail onto his chest, I sucked on a nipple that had him arching off the bed bringing his crotch into contact with mine. We both gasped at the friction and Cas groaned when I moved out of his reach.
The last five months have been a journey of sorts where my emotions with Cas are concerned. Five months ago, he told me he loved me and then he was gone.
Jack looked at it in Dean’s hand and then slowly reached out his hand and took it. He then turned towards his room and disappeared.
“Hell, with praise like that, how can I not” I respond laughing and we continue up into the house still laughing and chatting away.
Gently laying my hands on his arms, I'm shocked when I feel him shaking, “Michael, did you have a nightmare?”
Jackie smiles slightly, “I can’t, Cas. Patient confidentiality. You’re his legal guardian, nothing is stopping you from telling her, but I can’t.”
“Cas, Sam’s gone” and I immediately regret saying anything. Cas stops immediately. Our body positions could not be more intimate. I'm sitting on the bottom step with my hands in Cas’s hair, he’s between my legs, flush against my crotch, our lips are inches apart.
Rose’s eyes widen comically, “Are you serious? I thought you were trying to be discreet but failing miserably. You only got together Saturday night????
So, Siobhan explained, everything and it all made horrible perfect sense. When she was finished, I was breathing hard and fighting my anger.
As I made my way up Main Street in Laurence, I remembered last evening with Cas and I smiled. There was some heavy-duty kissing and touching going on, but it hadn’t gone further than that.
Before I could holler at him, Cas stood and placed a quietening hand on my shoulder he said, “That's quite alright Sam, but you did disinfect the table, right”
The rest of the afternoon was spent putting away the supplies in the shed behind the house. Cas had bought not just seeds, but shovels, hoe’s, a rake, even a bloody wheelbarrow. The boys helped put the stuff away and they were excitedly discussing what they would plant tomorrow.
I can only do one thing until then, and I was not looking forward to it. We wait until Sam and Eileen have taken the boys to the lake before we go back to the office.
Hi all. Thanks again for all the comments and kudos. I really enjoy talking with you. Again this chapter is from both Dean and Cas's point of view. This isn't a happy chapter so be warned.
As soon as we reach our room, I sit him on the bed before pulling his shoes off and helping him out of his jeans.  Wrapping him in a blanket, I lie down beside him and pull him into my arms. Cas is shaking, but he never says a word.
Nodding my head, I answer him, “Ok, leave it with me. I’ll ask around. We’ll find someone. You might just send me some information as to what they will need to do with the boys, the farm etc.”
I then reached down and pulled Cas’s shirt from his pants and pulled it over his head. Both Dean and I stared at him. Well, he is a beautiful man.
My breath hitched from the way Cas said it and the way he looked at me when he said it. With reverence.
Cas pushes again and this time he keeps pushing until he’s fully in. We both take a moment, Cas’s lips against mine.
Cas’s eyes welled with tears and he leaned forward again to embrace me. I was practically sitting in Cas’s lap as I tightened my arms around him. I scratched the back of his neck and listened to him sighing.
My worry for Siobhan was about to explode out of me. I ached to find her and hold her like she did for me when I was hurting, but this was different.
It was a full 24 hours before Siobhan became fully awake. Her bandages had been changed every two hours with the four of them taking turns. Dean and I were with her when she woke.
Ouch, ok that wasn’t nice. What was that…………….my body jerked, and I was rising into the air, my back was arched with my arms behind me, pointing towards the floor.
“An honest to goodness home-cooked meal. I can’t remember the last time I had one. But you didn’t have to go to all that trouble.”
“Because this was a failed experiment. And with all failed experiments, you wipe the slate clean, and you start again and try not to make the same mistakes this time.” Chuck replied
I was stood in the middle of the room completely blown away. I can’t believe it, I really can’t believe it.
That I can smell bacon as well, hurries my shuffling along. I find Sam standing over the stove cooking breakfast and Eileen and Cas sitting at the kitchen table, coffee cups in front of them.
Dean is standing on the far side of the car, watching Jess and his younger self. He can see the second Dean is aware of him. His stance changes from leaning on the roof of the Impala to standing tall, his hands hang loosely by his sides, ready for action.
I was awake hours, but I didn’t leave my room. I was trying to figure out a way to leave without telling the boys, as they would only try to stop me.
Rubbing my eyes, I said, “Jimmy hasn’t turned up anywhere according to the police, and the hospitals won’t give out any information to us. I was wondering if Jackie could maybe make some enquiries for us.”
Dean turned to Sam and said “What are you waiting for? Call Rowena. I want to leave as soon as possible. Siobhan can I talk to you please”
I looked back at Dean and then at Cas “There is no place I’d rather be than here with you, believe me”
And there in full living colour was a picture of Siobhan, coming out of a Gas & Sip. She was wearing jeans and a cream chunky jumper with boots. She looked even thinner than when she had left. Too thin.
But after Sam arrived in Heaven, Dean had been drawn here. Sam felt it, too, that it was Dean’s home.
At Siobhan’s scream, Jack arms slackened from around me. I couldn’t hold back. I raced towards her, not knowing what I could do but as I reached her, I was flung across the room and I crashed into the wall. I looked over at Rowena who was breathing heavily with red sparks still coming from her fingertips.
Apparently, Michael had been very tense to be back at the hospital, so his attention was on keeping Michael distracted.
Rose got up to pour herself a coffee and topped me up as well, “Sarah is coming today right? Maybe there is something she can recommend”.
“Really, “I said “because you are so good at it. I know how you feel about me Castiel. You don’t have to remind me”
Michael isn’t as hesitant as he was the first time, and we take that as a good sign on how comfortable he is with Travis.
My heart leapt as I brought my hands up to cup Cas’s face. I could feel the scrape of his permanent 5 O’clock shadow under my palms, I could smell Cas’s unique smell of earth and fresh air, I could feel the dampness from his tears, and I brushed them away with my thumb and I felt his gaze as his blue eyes followed my lips on their path to his. Cas’s lips felt soft and full. I pressed gently giving us both a moment to savour it.
Of course, they are, when aren’t they. When Dean hurts, I hurt. But today, we share the hurt. I had known that I cared for Jimmy, but now that he’s gone, the truth hits me hard.
I look back towards the house and up to the window that I know Michael can now see out of and I sigh, “It's Cas. He’s so invested already. I’m worried”
I knew Dean didn’t like it, but I was relieved he agreed with me. If any of the angels told Chuck our plan, we were screwed. And one of the things that could screw us up was if Jack and I got separated from each other. Hopefully, I had just sorted that problem.
If I thought the atmosphere was bad before in the bunker, ever since I told Sam and Dean about Jack it had got worse. Sam became very overprotective of Jack and delved into research mode to find another way.
Just when I thought it couldn’t get worse, Cas and Alt Dean settle themselves down on the couch in the TV room while Eileen and Alt Sam sit side by side on the loungers, leaving Sam and I standing in the room awkwardly.
I stand up, holding a hand out, but Jimmy cringes a bit, so I lower my hand and sit back down, hurt blooming in my chest.
When Cas’s hips jerk, I hold them tight with my hands, not allowing him to move. I want to savour this; I want to do it right.
The morning after one of the most important days and night of Cas’s and my life finds us waking slowly, exchanging kisses and soft smiles. After the conversation we had yesterday as well as the amazing sex last night, I feel light in myself, freer as if a lifetime of bad decisions and bad choices are lifted from my shoulders.
“I’m so sorry Cas” and I feel Cas stiffen in my arms. When he tries to loosen his arms, I beg him, “Please no. Not yet, stay” and he tightens his arms again.
I manage to wheeze out, “I just lost Cas all his admirers. There will be broken hearts all over Hurleyville tonight”.
Rose was already in the kitchen when I entered, the smells of breakfast and coffee, filling the air. She took one look at me and grabbed a mug, filling it with coffee.
“Cas” I whimper. I want to squirm away from his words, but his eyes and his fingers keep me right where I am, right where I want to be.
But still I stuttered and paused and stuttered again before Cas finally seemed to understand what I was trying to say and gasped out my name.
“Dean, Eileen and I were talking, you know what to do now, you know since Chuck is gone and Team Free Will is alive and kicking”.
And like me, Jimmy will make the decision to go home. I understood it. But I also realise now how hard it was for Sonny to watch me walk out his door.
Blushing furiously, “That’s just been a recent thing though Rose. Before that, he hid his feelings very well, believe me. I hadn’t a clue”
And now Dean has to stand back and watch Jimmy walk out of his life into the unknown. It must be killing him.
Jack and I had a rapt audience, and the words were tumbling off my tongue so fast, I had to mentally stop myself. I took a deep breath and told them what the prophecy was.
“Ooomf” I am surrounded by 6’ 4” of Sam Winchester. It might be a bit much for two guys standing in line for sodas but fuck whoever has a problem with it.
Richard's face is a picture, as I hand him a plate, “You brought me dinner. Wow, thanks”, sniffing appreciatively as he lifts the cover on the plate.
Sam gives him the directions, and they travel most of the way in silence. But Sam knows it’s only a matter of time before Dean’s curiosity gets the better of him.
Jimmy stands up suddenly, limbs jerky, face flushed, hands clenched, “This everything. The vegetable garden, the days out, the confiding in me, the phone and now the fucking clothes. WHY DEAN. I didn’t ask for any of this shit ok. I just needed a place to crash until my Dad gets his shit together. Same as every other time. Is it to make me change my mind about going home? Because I won’t. I love my Dad. He loves me. Just because he can’t afford fancy days out and new phones and new clothes don’t give you the right to make him look bad. Sonny never pulled that shit.”
Cas stays upstairs with Michael and helps him eat his dinner. I miss him at the table, but the boys keep me entertained especially Jimmy who keeps smirking in my direction. Rose left after she served up dinner, muttering about a rare night, that her Jackie is off. I promise her the kitchen will be shining when she arrives in the morning.
But I messed up Jack. I have fallen in love with both Castiel and Dean. But neither of them can be mine for reasons that are not mine to tell.
Jimmy stares off over the water again and says, “I don’t have any brothers or sisters so it’s nice when I can do something for them, the boys, when I can help them in some way, like with homework, or showing them how to look after the chickens and planting vegetables”.
Movement at the door had us all looking up. In the doorway stood Siobhan and Rowena. Siobhan’s face showed the remnants of tears and my heart hurt for her. After a pause she came down the steps and stood there.
I turned serious then and told them what Naomi had said and the promise I extracted from her about the Angels and them not seeking revenge.
She's looking over my shoulder towards the door, but my question brings her attention back to me “Oh no everything is fine”
Towards the end of dinner, I notice that Michael has gone very still with his head tilted, which Dean says reminds him of me. I watch as he climbs down from his seat and leaves the kitchen with a furrowed brow. Assuming he’s gone to the bathroom, it's another few minutes, when he doesn’t return, that I go looking for him. As I leave the kitchen, I notice the front door is wide open, and out on the porch is Michael, standing so still.
Cas squeezes my shoulder again before addressing Helen, “But will he be ok to be here, with us being men? I don’t want him traumatised any further”.
I put Michael down and kneel, so we are eye to eye, “Michael, do you think I would keep you away from Jimmy if I didn’t have another choice?”
We sent out word to all known hunters that the bunker was open for business and had already gotten positive responses back. The only thing we would need is for a rotation of people to answer phones for the “FBI” calls that would come in, but Sam was sorting it out like a pro. Looking at him, it was like this is what he was born to do. I was so bloody proud of him.
I grimace at the reminder but answer him, “I know that Sam, Cas explained it to all of us, but it was his choice, he chose to be here with us”.
Once the boys have eaten, they go back to their rooms to clean them. Once they clatter up the stairs, Sonny goes over the agenda with us again.
Castiel smiles then, a big gummy smile that Sam has never had the privilege to see before, “Be happy, Sam. Be very, very happy.”
Castiel goes still at Jack’s words, and his arms begin to fall from around Dean. Dean reaches to grab Castiel’s hands to stop him but at the last second changes his mind and squeezes them once before letting them go. As Castiel moves to stand beside Dean, they glance at each other smiling softly.
“Well well, what two handsome men you bring me Sonny, makes me almost sorry I don’t bat for your side” she said with a wink at us.
Images tore at me, Castiel and I laughing walking along a boardwalk beside the sea, me sitting on Castiel’s lap at the map table while the boys all sang happy birthday to me, Castiel and I kissing, making love in the bed we were now tangled up in, Castiel whispering he loved me, me whispering back I loved him………… then screaming, coldness, a dark presence behind Castiel before a creature that appeared tore at him and then they both vanished.
I'm aware that Cas’s breathing is shallow, and it's only when his tongue darts out to lick his lips that I break eye contact to trace its journey.
I knelt up to look at Cas. He was so gorgeous. Mussed hair, swollen lips, beautiful, tanned skin. I reached for his boxers and pulled them down his legs and dropped them over the side of the bed.
He had stopped talking and we just stared at each other. I was very aware of his hands on me and how close we were. My head was tilted back to look up at him and I saw his eyes glance towards my mouth.
Somehow his response makes me laugh out loud, “Of course it is. I’m a fucking delight, didn’t you know”, and Trace barks out a laugh.
I finally meet his eyes and manage a smile, “Michael, I know you will miss him. I will too. We will give it a couple of days. Let him settle back in at home, and you can call him, that ok?”
The next hour passed quietly.  I don’t speak much and neither does he. Sometimes you don’t want to talk, but it's enough that there's someone there if you need to.
Helen looks at me and I nod for her to go ahead, “Michael Andrews. He’s eight years of age. Lives alone with his mother. She’s a nasty piece of work. The department has tried to get Michael out of the home for a couple of years now, but the mother has a lawyer who seems to know every trick in the book, and we’ve been thwarted at every turn. Two weeks ago, the mother decided to throw a party, where her child ended up being the party favour”.
I ignore the glare Jimmy gives me as Cas informs us that he also fed Adam Richards. As he starts to eat, he tells Jimmy that Rose and the boys send their love and miss him. Jimmy pauses at that, lips pursing before continuing to eat.
Arael’s face shows a hint of pity, “Yes, Dean, but not in your part of it. Cas will do what he can from here. He’s already told Jack that”
“Cas, I don’t understand, there is nothing Dean and Sam wouldn’t do for you, why didn’t you tell them.”
“C’mon you have to know. You are working hard at building this new system with the hunters and yet you drop everything for me, when Cas and I need to vent. We are extremely grateful. And now Cas…………………….I………….Sam I………………….I love him, I really fucking love him and it’s so new and so fucking much………………...but it’s so right………...it feels so fucking right………………...why the hell was I fighting against it for so long”
Dean still smiling and said “I suppose me, and Cas are virgins when it comes to being with men. I never really thought of it like that.”
Dean’s outburst startles me so that I lose control of the Impala. The car fishtails over the asphalt as I struggle to bring it under control.
Sonny laughed when I told him and he said, “I was hoping it would be you, D-Dawg, but I didn’t think you’d ever give up hunting”.
As I hike the trail with Cas, the boys and Miracle running ahead of us, I tease Cas by saying “So the surprise you have for us is hiking and sweating through the woods, is it”
His words hit me square against my chest and I don’t know how long I kneel there, still holding his hand and watching him sleep.
“Excellent. Cas, you can carry Michael down and I’ll set up a place for you both on the back porch, when it’s time. Why should Michael miss out on all the fun?” I said grinning
Rowena tapped her long blood-red fingernails off of her chin while looking completely exasperated, “Of course he would sense them, But surely you can explain they are here to help. He’ll be fine. I’m sure it’s not the first supernatural creatures he’s come across.”
And as for Jimmy, you might not see it, but that boy came into this house with his head bowed and his heart broken so many times I don’t know where he gets the strength to keep going. This is the first time I have seen him leave this house with his head high and feeling loved. Really feeling it. And you and Cas did that. You got further with him in five short weeks than Sonny could do in years. So yeah, that‘s you. You did that. You made him stronger.”
They all nod quietly back at me, looking shell shocked. I don’t blame them. Michael’s screams frightened the life out of me.
We gave ourselves just the time to have breakfast to enjoy ourselves. Then Cas, Sam and I did a perimeter sweep around the cabin.
The ground shuddered under our feet again and we nearly lost our footing. If this kept up the bunker could come down around our heads.
I looked over towards Cas’s bed and I could just make out his outline in the dark. Lying with his back to me, I recognized the sounds for what they were.
Cas moves forward to kiss me gently, before pulling away, “Please do. Because what you are doing here is immensely important as well Dean. And you are making an amazing difference”
Nearly tripping over a very man-sized shoe that could only belong to Sam, I look up only to see my brother's bare ass bending over the map table, and he’s not alone, and he’s not the only one naked.
After Dean and Cas left, I sat at the kitchen table wondering what I was so afraid of. It’s not as if I didn’t know now the worst there was to know. Even Naomi wasn’t as much a friend, more of an ally but unconsciously I had been trying to bring everyone together as a family.
Michael smiles back, “I feel better too”. Then, Michael ducks down his head, “Dean, why won’t Jimmy come back?”
The next morning, I wake up alone, but I can hear Cas’s voice talking softly nearby. Realising his voice is coming through the baby monitor, I listen as he speaks to Michael quietly. It doesn’t sound as if Michael is upset, I can hear him answer Cas, but I can’t make out what he’s saying.
“Hell no, you will always be D-Dawg to me” Sonny says with an answering laugh and he embraces me tightly.
When they all nodded their heads I continued “Well, did you know is that if you could kill the Entity that runs the Empty all Angels and demons in the Empty would fall back to Heaven and Hell. Thus, Heaven is replenished again, and Naomi has an army at her disposal to fight God or us.
Also, he was still stalling on having a certain conversation with a certain Angel. Ever since their time in Purgatory (the second time), when he prayed and they made up, he thought this is it, now is the time but here he was months later, and he still hadn’t said anything.
That's Michael. Jumping out of the bed, I drag on a pair of sweatpants. I cross the landing and make my way down to the second floor. I don’t bother with knocking, I open the door as quietly as I can, so as not to frighten Michael any further.
Cas turns back and squeezes my shoulder before he sits down. Looking at Helen he says, “Of course we can take care of him. Won’t we Dean?
I could see Jack through new eyes, I could see him change and transform, being born and dying. I saw it all as my strength waned, and just before the blackness overtook me, I saw Jack and he was beautiful.
Cas and I eventually left the T.V. room to find the others and we found them in the kitchen, drinking beer and eating the popcorn I had made.
“Would it” Cas replies and for a moment I see a vulnerability in his expression, that has me moving to squash it.
Watching Cas walk out of the room with Keith, I mull over the last few minutes and I know I have a lot to think about, like Sam has told me to do.
Our kisses became more urgent, Cas was getting bolder, his tongue exploring my mouth like he had to know all its secrets.
Turning to my brother I see the same expression on his face that must be on mine. The only words that come to me are, “What the fuck just happened?”
Cas smiles against my lips, “I’m so happy we’ll see Sam soon. And now we get to tell him face to face”.
He then returns the favour, washing my hair and my body. We were both starving for each other’s touch. It’s been nearly a week since we had this. Too long.
Pausing in my chopping of an onion, I lay down the knife and turn to her, “I can’t understand it sometimes, Eileen. In his job, the Deputy, he must see some real ugliness and yet something like me and Cas bother him. And yeah, I was never 100% comfortable with it myself but that was my father’s influence. And no matter what I thought I would never have called people names or made them feel ashamed of themselves. And that wasn’t even the worst part, he didn’t care that there were children right in front of him. Impressionable, broken children who have already gone through enough crap in their lives without hearing that. And Cas, god Cas, who’s an actual Angel of Heaven, a Warrior of God, who gave it all up for me, stood toe to toe with him and told him how it was. I was so proud of him for doing it, Eileen but I was also ashamed that he had to. Our first day out in public and we are practically hate crimed by a freaking Police Officer. I don’t want that for Cas. He doesn't deserve that”
Dean holds up one hand, “Hold up, if we have been here for a hundred years, then…………...where the hell is Cas. Bobby said he was here in Heaven. Is he ok?”
I looked at Castiel and Jack and then I looked at Sam. I couldn’t bear to lose any of them. Then the realization hit me then was that I was useless, we all were. This fight was Siobhan’s and all we could do was wait.
Closing my eyes, I take a deep breath before walking quickly towards him. Jimmy has his back to me, but everything about his stance says, “Go away,” but I need to know he’s ok.
Quickly, I shower before, dressing in jeans and a plain black tee, ready to go at a moment's notice if needed.
There’s silence on the other end of the line before the Deputy snaps out, “And how would you know that? That information is not for the public”
Nodding at Jimmy, he introduces himself by signing and talking, “Hello Sam, Hello Eileen. I’m Jimmy. It’s nice to finally meet you. On behalf of all of us, thank you for the books. We are really enjoying them”
Sam and Eileen are not leaving until after lunch the next day, so not only do they help with the chores, but they help with schoolwork, much to the boy’s delight.
Back home, the boys including Sam and Cas, head up for showers while I get dinner started. Thanks to Rose all I had to do was heat up two large shepherd's pie she had left in the fridge for us. Eileen helps set the table and it’s nice for the two of us to get some alone time together and we chat lightly between ourselves.
The ebb and flow of information was coming at me at the speed of light. Trying to filter it out to what I needed, seemed like an impossible task.
“Jack, the letter is private, it’s for Dean and Cas. I shouldn’t have read it. But apparently, she has feelings for both Dean and Cas and left to not come in between them.
Soft eyes turn into a heated gaze, and Cas’s breath hitches before he says, “Dean, I need to ask you something?”
Nodding my head, I answered him, “Ok, leave it with me. I’ll ask around. We’ll find someone. You might just send me on some information as to what they will need to do with the boys, the farm etc.”
The tears seemed to be coming from the bottom of my soul. I couldn’t stop. It was like a lifetime of tears were trying to get out of me. I cried for the woman I was and the reason I had to leave my home, I cried for the family I lost, I cried for these two men I had lost and I cried tears of joy that they had found each other. I cried for the future I thought I would have, and I cried for this family that I would have to leave soon. As I cried, these two beautiful men, held me tight and cried with me.
Sam and Dean look at each other in shock, with Sam finally breaking the silence, “Just when you thought we had seen and heard it all.”
I smile grudgingly at that. He seems alright like Rose had said. Turning to my family, I introduce them, “This is Cas Winchester who’s running Sonny’s with me, this is my brother Sam and his partner Eileen who are here for a visit”
Sam eyes widened as he watched me, “You know………. How…………..wait are ye already together. Your together and you didn’t tell me, dammit Dean”.
Castiel woke me and Dean the next morning (best alarm ever), but after kissing each other soundly we didn’t dally in bed. I ran for the shower, dressed and made my way to the kitchen. Sam was already there and handed me a cup of coffee and a pop tart.
She manages to stand and get her baring’s. It’s so bloody dark. She holds out her hands, but she can’t see them.
“Oops, that's my que, I’ll be back to take your order” and she weaves her way around tables to help with the growing crowd.
The Sheriff shakes his head and says, “Actually, I’m just here to tell you that we will no longer be pressing charges against Jimmy. There’s no obvious cause of death and the autopsy is a mess. I will still need a statement about what happened that night, Jimmy, if you are up for it”.
For the next three hours, the four of us paint every sigil, use every protection spell to protect the house and surrounding area we can think of, so the boys can play outside without worrying about Walker. By the time we’re finished, I’m exhausted. The last week of broken sleep and sleeping in chairs, finally catching up with me.
Cas beams back at me, looking so happy. Michael is giving us small smiles. I can hear the boys, laughing outside the window and I think, these are the moments to treasure. These perfect moments in time, where everyone is well and happy and I was going to start to treasure them, instead of wondering when they’ll end.
“Dean Winchester” I began, “I love you more than life itself, but will you please stop telling me what I can and cannot do. I am willing to discuss strategy but do not tell me an outright no”
Rose smiles sympathetically at me, “Don’t worry about Dean. I assured them you were coming back but…………. Look enjoy your day. I’ll finish up here, and I’ll close up the house. I’ll leave dinner in the oven for you, so you don’t have to cook when you get home”
I hold myself up until he thrusts and this time, he hits that elusive collection of nerves of my prostate that send me into meltdown. My cock is leaking all over the bed, Cas is thrusting so hard into me and hitting those nerves that my face lands on the mattress. Holding me by the hips, he thrusts into me over and over.
I saw her look around the room until her eyes rested on me. She hesitated for a couple of seconds and then she walked across the room towards me. She stopped in front of me and said “Hi Cas” before she wrapped her arms around my waist.
One night as Cas and I were going to bed, we could hear stifled giggles coming from their room. Trying not to be heard, we opened the bedroom door as quietly as possible to see Miracle jumping from bed to bed as the boys called her. The beds were so close together that it wasn’t hard for Miracle, but the boys loved it. Michael spotted us and clamped his hands over his mouth as Keith, Nicolas and Joseph turned to us, their eyes wide.
After a few hours, Jack took his leave, but he promised to drop in soon. I wanted to continue the impromptu party but a glance at Cas showed he was exhausted.
“The first rule of being in a fight, is DON’T get into a fight. Despite any macho bull you might hear, walking away is always the better option.
Two hours later, Dean and Sam stumbled to bed, more than a little tipsy having tied the game between them. At least the board survived this time but Castiel’s mind wasn’t on the game, he wanted to find out why Jack had lied to him.
Shaking his head, Cas continues, “Dean, what could I say except yes. We won’t be able to hide anything from him. And it wasn’t that he knew what Jimmy was thinking; he understood why Jimmy wasn’t ready. It's unbelievable.”
“Burgers” Sam replied, “You’re getting burgers with chips and would it kill you to try the salad with it”.
Three lanterns shaped as bees are now hanging off the porch ceiling, with insect-repelling candles in them to light later.
The anger that's simmering a low boil inside of me all evening, wants nothing but to burst forth, but I don’t have my usual crutches to help me handle it.
Feeling better after talking with Sam, I checked in with the boys and spent an hour with them, helping with homework.
Making sure the boys are out of earshot, he continues, “I don’t care that you are an officer of the law, if you ever speak to me or my family which includes those boys there with that horrible language again, I will make you sorry”
Reaching out, I grabbed his hand and squeezed before releasing it and sat down beside him, “Sam says hi and to call if you ever need to”
Siobhan turned towards the door all the while keeping up the mantra in her head saying “Do not look at them, do not look at them, OMG do not look at them.
Up in my room, I pull the curtains close and strip down to my t-shirt and boxers before climbing into the bed. I grab Cas’s pillow and stick my nose into it before closing my eyes. Cas’s scent grounds me just like his touch does.
Sonny blew out a breath, “Well on a scale of 1-10 it’s about a 6, which isn’t too bad, but the treatment they want me to try will floor me, so if I want to get better, I have to give it 110%. My sister lives in the city and she said I can stay with her while I’m going through it, but Dean I can’t give up on the kids, I can’t let them down. I was hoping you would know someone that would be able to help out, keep the doors open, just until I’m on my feet again”.
“Good morning” I answered, standing up and walking over to the bed. I sat down beside him and bent my head to kiss him soundly.
Sam only gets Rowena’s voicemail, so he leaves a message to contact us. After that, I pack the cooler for the lake and a weapons bag and pray to my son in Heaven that we’re not making a monumental mistake.
“Nathanial, Rakul stand up. You have paid the Prophet your respects” Naomi said with steel in her voice, but still they knelt
When we informed Michael, he got real quiet in himself, but we told him he could talk or not talk as much as he wanted. That the counselor was there to help him, and that Michael could open up when he was good and ready, and this seemed to settle him.
I felt a bit bad though that Sam’s happiness only highlighted what was missing in my life. I missed Jack and I missed Cas; I missed my best friend.
Jack turned to Castiel, “Thank you for everything. For loving me. For teaching me. For never giving up on me, Cas. You will always be my father”
“You can see her Angelic presence, can’t you” Castiel asked having come up behind me. I turned to him and said “Is that what I’m seeing. But how??
Rose laughs “I think we’ll have to install a coffee machine in your room Dean so you can be caffeinated before you grace us with your presence”.
Nicholas is delighted with his new phone and when Sam hands him the rest of the Harry Potter books in the collection; we thought the normally stoic Nicholas would go into meltdown.
When he arrives back at Jimmy’s room after six that evening with a pizza, the bags under his eyes look heavier, and he’s pale under his tan.
Sam nods his head, “Absolutely. I’ll contact another hunter. They can keep Nicholas and his Mom safe. Leave it with me.”
After hanging up with Sam, I return to talk with Helen and Jackie while waiting for the Sheriff to finish getting his statement.
The rest of the evening passes without incident. Sonny goes to take a rest and I spend some time with the other boys. Asking them of their likes and dislikes, I find all three of them really like classic rock music. I tell them we would get along just fine.
After breakfast, Cas shoos the two of us out onto the front porch with a fresh mug of coffee while he and Eileen help the boys with their morning chores.
I pulled Cas into my arms, “No sugar coating, you hear me. You wake me if you need me. I mean it Cas”
Thursday evening, Helen rang to say that she would be bringing a counselor with her the next day to speak to Michael telling us they will arrive around 3pm.
“Firstly, the second autopsy results are the same as the first. No one knows why obviously, but that will work in our favour. Except for his knuckles, your Dad's body was free of apparent wounds. His cardiac muscle was likewise stressed, according to the second autopsy. We could claim that your father died of a heart attack. Also, the injuries you suffered makes it impossible for you to have the strength to kill him. As for Deputy Wade, his role in this muddies the waters even further. What he did beggars belief, and he’s in big trouble for it. So, Jimmy, for now, we stick with what happened. Tell the story just without the black eyes and the demon exiting at the end.”
Cas’s face transformed into a beaming shining light before his face fell again, “Dean I don’t know how much more I can take. I’m afraid to enter a room. I’m afraid to sit down. And now it looks like I’m afraid to eat anywhere that is not my room. I’m nearly sure they haven’t defiled there yet”
Before we left the bunker, Cas has asked me if he could use the Winchester name as he would need a surname for our new ID’s, actually blushing while stammering the question. The smile on his face when I answered him “I thought you already did” warmed me from the inside out.
I held onto my brother for another few minutes, taking comfort in his presence and if he was surprised that I didn’t let go straightaway, he never said a word.
That my first instinct is to fall more into his embrace doesn’t even surprise me anymore, to find comfort in his arms, but before I ever do that, I have to make sure 110% that it's what I really want and not just because he's there.
I bring him downstairs and out onto the front porch. The air is cool but not cold. We should be ok for a few minutes in just our t-shirts and sweats. Sitting him on the swing, I go back into the kitchen and filled two glasses of water.
Jimmy looks overwhelmed. I steer him into the front seat and take off out of town. Ten minutes later, we pass the entrance to a wooded area. Parking the car, I turn to Jimmy and say, “Let’s go.”
Dean lifted his hand and opened his mouth to say something and then closed it again. His hand fell back to the table.
I then told Sam and Jack about the “Final Prophet, Aquaductus and Nephilim” reference. Sam got quiet at the mention of that. I could see he had his thinking cap on, so I let him be.
The rest of the evening passed without incident. Sonny went to take a rest and I spent some time with the other boys. Asking them of their likes and dislikes, I found all three of them really liked classic rock music. I told them we would get along just fine.
Cas rubbed his two hands down his face, “But I had to ruin it, I had to be greedy, because I want more. Each time you hold me, it gets harder and harder to let go. It gets harder not to push for more………………..so I think it would be better for you, if we went back to the way we were, because I don’t want to lose our friendship. You’re too important to me. I’m sorry, Dean”.
The arrival of the girls took the party to a whole new level and there was tears and laughter and jesting and hugging.
I was going to make a run for the Impala when a flash of blond hair in my peripheral vision swung my head in that direction, and there on the other side of the car park was Jimmy, sitting at an outdoor seating area in the furthest off table.
I can’t help the tears running down my face, “Dammit, sorry, Jimmy, I don’t mean to lay this on you.”
I practically growl at her, which she doesn’t deserve, “Decent of him,” and Sarah holds up her hands, “As I told Dean, I’m glad you’re on our side.”
Images flooded my mind. I saw the past and the present merging into one. I saw my past and the secret I kept there.
Smiling that big smile at me, the one I named “My smile” Cas continues “You were worth the wait Dean. Twelve years is a small amount of time in an angel’s life but……………I’m glad the wait is over”.
The note was in Siobhan’s handwriting. All it said was where the car be delivered to and to call my number to collect it. Nothing else, dammit.
It was true. Jimmy lived just under an hour away in a town called Youngsville. We could get to him if we needed to.
Pinching the bridge of my nose for about the tenth time in a half-hour, I bite out, “We only found out a while ago. Jimmy doesn’t want to come home with me. Dammit, I didn’t think Jimmy would tell Michael this quickly. I’ve been making arrangements for Jimmy’s safety since I found out. I’ll need some ingredients for a protection spell. I don’t think I can convince him to get a tattoo. I’ll let Cas know about Michael straight away.”
Castiel looked stunned and just stared at me. I walked up to him and cupped his face with my hands. “I love you Castiel and even though you don’t return it I know I have placed my heart with a good man” and then I smiled at him.
I still prayed every night, I would never, till the end of my days on this earth, not pray for Cas to be returned to me. The fact that I had no idea how to respond to his declaration of love didn’t matter. Cas was family. My family.
Cas continues, signing for Eileen’s benefit, “We didn’t mean to interrupt but, I agree with Dean. You have been an incredible brother and a staunch friend Sam. I hope you know that. Dean and I appreciate all the help you have given, you and Eileen both, and not just since the trouble began. But from the very start. We wouldn’t have come this far without you both.”
Before I can second guess myself, I lean over Cas, who stares wide-eyed up at me with those beautiful blue eyes, and when I'm a couple of inches from his face I said “That’s exactly what I mean”.
Cas looks at the bouquet of daisies, forget me knots and honeysuckle with a broad smile and astonished look.
I grimace at her, “That son of a bitch is a Grade A asshole, Rose. How’s he allowed to get away with it”.
But they weren’t close enough. I was whispering under my breath “C’mon you can do it” when I saw Siobhan look back at Naomi.
The weekend passes quickly, ending with another afternoon at the lake. Just as we’re finished eating dinner that Sunday evening, the mobile phone that Dean bought for the boys starts ringing, with Jimmy’s name appearing on the screen.
Hurleyville is jammed. We had to park up, a half mile from the centre of town. Apparently, people come from towns all round to visit the fair.
The day already feels like it has gone on forever. I want to do something with the boys, to defuse the tension, that I’m sure they're feeling, and I have just thought of something. They're back hanging out of the trees again and I make my way over.
I turn to see Helen coming back down the stairs. Smiling at me she says, “Michael has decided to bunk with Jimmy. He chose the bed nearer the window. Sarah will be down to tell you about his aftercare soon. In the meantime, I will have a quick check in with the other boys. Are they around?”
Turning to me she winks and said, “I thought I was going to have to pry Cas from her cold dead hands”.
I felt I was floating up through a vast ocean, where there was no sound, just quiet. It was the most serene feeling in the world.
Sam goes on high alert, signing the warning to Eileen. While Cas goes down to the lakeside to speak with the boys, I bring Sam and Eileen up to speed.
Cas stops, and I turn to him. Cas luckily has wrapped himself in a towel before coming out. “Michael, I’m sorry, I didn’t realise you were here.”
So engrossed I was in my mission to de-ice the fridge, I completely forgot the food in the oven. Thankfully, when I checked it was still good.
She tried to discreetly look over at the table and when she did, it was the other man at the table looking at her.
Putting my hand around her shoulders I ask, “Rose, why are you still here?” Go pick up your wife and go to the fair, go. We will be fine. You know, Cas, Sam and I managed to survive a long time without any help”
I pointed at the coffeepot ignoring the smirk from my brother. I grabbed a mug and poured myself some coffee. I took two deep gulps from my cup before turning to face the room.
But no sooner had Michael sat down, feet dangling in the water, watching the boys, Miracle drops a stick beside him. I watch from the blanket as he rubs Miracle’s head before picking up the stick. He throws it right into the lake, and I wince as Miracle dives straight into the water, splashing the boys, sending them shrieking.
Sam glances at Dean out of the side of his eye, “Yeah, I get that, but Dean, if anyone is an exception to any rule Cas has, then it’s you. If he was out of the Empty…………………..well, I thought Cas would have been the first person you saw, not Bobby.”
When he had been dispatched to try coax Siobhan out of her room a week ago, Siobhan had answered the door and told him she was fine and that she was working on something but the one thing that happened that he didn’t tell the boys about was that before she went back into her room, she put her arms around his waist and hugged him, and quietly whispered “thank you for everything”.  He had automatically put his arms around her and had been stunned at the feelings of rightness he felt.
Grabbing Sam, I said, “C’mon, you can have your old room. But we‘ll have breakfast first. The boys will be down soon.”
The two women release him, sheepishly grinning up at him before Donna says, “Right of course. The Entity”
“I’m sorry. His brother Sam has asked for time to talk to him, but I think they were shocked at how much time has passed. They both really want to see you. I’m not sure how the mission will go without them. Jack said it’s imperative they are involved.”
“Yeah, they’re really looking forward to meeting you all. Also, I told them they could stay here in the extra room if that’s ok with you guys”.
I couldn’t stop the smile on my face. Last night with Siobhan and Dean. In the middle of the night with Siobhan. This morning with just Dean. I had waited so long for this. For Dean and now Siobhan who had fitted into our lives so seamlessly.
“Cas,” croaked Jimmy before flinging his right arm around his neck and pulling him in what looked like a brutal neck hold. It’s an awkward group hug, but we didn’t care, especially when Jimmy starts heaving sobs like he can’t catch his breath. The front of my tee is getting soaked, but so’s Jimmy’s hospital gown from both Cas and me.
Cas smiles weakly at me before he enters the bedroom again, leaving me feeling bereft and my arms empty.
“Oh, that’s me”, she thought, turning her face from side to side. Her vessel's face is pretty, and now that she has done some minor repair to it, looks younger and fresher too, but Arael would like some of her personality to show through.
Dean’s eyes meet his in surprise, and he stares at Sam for a few moments before stuttering, “You’re………… You”
The Sheriff nods at that, “Thank you. I can’t take the credit for it. The towns folk take great pride in it, makes sure there's something for everyone”
More images came at me, the exercises with Jack sure were working and I saw Castiel begging for Jack, begging to take his place and the creature I saw at the end of the first vision telling Cas that he would wait until he was happy and would then find him and take him.
Cas giggled again but then gave me what I could only describe as a downright sultry look, “Was I bad Dean? Was I very very bad?”
Nicholas grumbles good-naturedly but can’t contain his enthusiasm. He starts to run out of the room before stopping, “Dean is it ok to tell the boys? I just………….. I just don’t want them to feel bad.”
She’s lying on her back and moves to turn over. The pain radiates all over her body. Apparently, she wasn’t imagining the cuts and burns. But the pain at least was manageable.
Cas doesn’t get it. There I am thinking I'm being as obvious as hell with my blushes and my ogling, but for some reason Cas isn’t expecting this reaction from me. He doesn’t expect me to be attracted to him, so he must think I’m acting extremely weird.
Leaning forward to kiss me he said shyly, “I did some research, on the internet. There was a time when I thought of telling you how I felt, wondered about a physical relationship with you. It was all a bit wishful thinking, but I wanted to be prepared”
“I wonder how long it’s going to be there for” Cas asks. I turn and Cas’s face is so close I can feel his breath on my cheek.
It looks like burgers were on the menu for tonight. The boys all cheered when they saw Siobhan, but the cheers went silent when they really looked at her.
But Cas, who’s also eyeballing me from the seat beside me, won’t be ignored. It scoots across the car seat to put his arm around my shoulder, grounding me instantly.
“Absolutely Cas, of course you can. You may be human now, but you were a former angel, and the knowledge you have would help loads of people” Sam replies before stopping, realising maybe at last what Cas had said.
I silently groan as Nicholas continues, “He said no bears were wandering around; at least he hadn’t heard anything.”
Taking Cas’s cock in my hand, I reach out to lick the crown and I’m rewarded with Cas gasping my name.
Cas with a last kiss to my sensitive cock, climbs back up the bed to lie beside me, just as my alarm goes off.
Our hips gyrated as our hands linked together to stroke our joined cocks while we shared wide open-mouthed kisses, our tongues dancing.
The rest of the boys manage to gather around Joseph as they all chime in with reports on the first meeting. Cas and I stand back and listen to my brother field and ask the boys questions.
Cas turns to me in disbelief and steps into my space. Grabbing my chin with one hand he turns me until I'm facing the lake with the boys swimming and chasing each other out of the water.
Cas joined me and we walked her down to her room. Halfway there she stumbled, and I picked her up, hooking my arms under her knees.
Sam smiles in understanding, “Yeah, jumping into different realms and time travel is not to be sniffed at”
Unfortunately, the world is full of ass… amm I mean not nice people” Cas rolls his eyes at my faux pas and even Michael smiles a bit so I keep going, “But while you are with us, we will try to keep you safe. Ms Mason is organising someone for you to talk to, to help you get stronger. But they will come here to you, so you can be close to us. Is that ok with you?”
I move up on the swing and indicate with a nod for Cas to sit down. I watch as he walks towards me and my mouth goes dry.
“If the first part of the spell was to build Siobhan up and make her impervious to the Entity, then the second part must be to de-spell her or whatever….. who we need is Rowena?”
“You’re both good?” I asked “You look good. You look……….like weights have been taken off your shoulders” I finally said
I crossed the room quickly and quietly and bent down to Dean catching his face in my hands and I kissed him. He tasted amazing and my heart jumped when I realised that I could have this now. There was no holding me back from loving Dean, from loving ……Siobhan.
Words are not my strong point, neither is sharing my emotions, but here in the hour before dawn, in the quiet of the house, it seems easier.
Dean speaks again, “What were you going to say? There were no bruises on him save for his what Helen?”
I looked up to see Sarah smiling gently down on us, her eyes narrowing as she took in both our appearance, “You both look so tired”
As I’m scrubbing the pan, my mind is cast back to over 14 years ago, not long after I dragged Sam back into the life after Dad disappeared.
We arrive back to find Eileen and Cas stretched out on the grass, watching the boys still engrossed with the animals. Cas has a hold of Miracle, not letting her get too near the animals. Giving Cas and Eileen their waters, I distribute water and popsicles to each of the boys before throwing myself down next to Cas on the grass. Reaching into the bag of goodies, I offer him a popsicle.
She smiles back just as wearily, as she pulls a card out of the pocket of her scrubs, “This is my number. If you have any problems, or if you’re unsure about anything, call anytime. I mean it”.
He clicks his tongue at me, “Well, I ain’t one of them. I have no information for you, Winchester”, and hangs up on me.
“Really, I’m so glad you approve” I said in my most sarcastic voice. Dean just rolled his eyes, and I stuck my tongue out at him.
Turning to me he holds out his hand saying, “I’m Sherriff Wade Myers and you must be Dean Winchester”
We stared into each other eyes and our minds joined together as if it was the most natural thing in the world, we shared thoughts, feelings, emotions, memories. We were more connected than any other two people ever were.
“You thought you could defeat me” it screamed “What are you, a germ gussied up to resemble a celestial but at your core you are still a germ, a nothing. And now you are mine, mine for eternity because I am forever and now so are you, forever…………………
“We leave at first light, tomorrow. For now, we prepare our strategy. Get a good night’s rest and then we go” Dean said. “It’s a 6-hour drive to Sioux Falls but I want to shave some time off that.”
Michael looks to Cas and his eyes are filled with trepidation. Cas immediately kneels in front of Michael, “Travis is here to help. And remember I will be in the kitchen if you need me and if you don't feel like talking, you don't have to. But I think talking will help but it's all up to you. You go at the speed that you are comfortable with, okay?”
He turns to look at me and I notice a light dusting of hair running from his belly button, that disappears under his shorts. I have to make a conscious effort to bring my eyes up to his face to find Cas’s gaze on me looking puzzled.
“Cas, Eileen and I will stay for as long as you need us, ok. We can mind the boys, for the time being, so that you can be there for Jimmy,” Sam declares.
But you stuck around. You came every time I called. You took so much shit from me, my temper, my drinking, my bad fucking jokes. Just when I think you can’t be more fucking awesome, this happens. I’m so sorry Cas. I’m so sorry”.
Juggling the files in my arms I answer her, “Ah no, no. All good.  They are all out back with Cas organising the vegetable garden”.
I was barely able to make coherent thoughts, the one that did make it through was, how was there such perfection and happiness in this room, and outside, forces just about outside our control were raging.
Once I’ve clarified that he is suitable to speak to small people (Like he’s not covered in squishy bits from dead monsters), I answer in my poshest voice, “Hold the line please, you have a caller.”
“Siobhan, Siobhan what is it” Castiel’s voice was so close and I realised I was kneeling on the ground, eyes closed with him kneeling beside me
I try smiling and then think, no don’t do that, you’re like the creepy uncle, then I try being serious and that feels worse. Christ, maybe I wasn’t cut out for this at all.
Getting ready for bed later, I'm exhausted after our first full day as guardians at Sonny’s farm. Not just weary in body but in soul as well. I already have so much in common with the boys here that I'd spent a lot of the day remembering my own childhood.
With what felt like superhuman effort I manged to open my eyes and stared up into a pair of beautiful blue eyes and a pair of beautiful green eyes. My boys.
After the most uncomfortable meal ever (I wasn’t even sure I ate anything) we left Eileen and Sam to clean up.
Donna and Jody are in the small kitchen fixing drinks for them, so Dean wanders around, looking at photos that dot every surface. Lots of photos of Clare and Kaia, including a wedding photo, Alex pictured with a couple of children and lots of just Jody and Donna in various places looking very coupley. Dean raises his eyes at that. Good for them.
My heart falls at Sam’s words, and I watch helplessly as Sam dials Dean’s number and relays the non-events to him. It also sounds like Dean has news of his own.
To cover up my own shock and embarrassment I spoke “Castiel I am a strong believer in No means No. That is all you had to say. I’m sorry, that won’t happen again.”
Remembering the shame, I felt only a small while ago, I ask him, “You were in love with me, when I kicked you out of the bunker, weren’t you?”
Over the next couple of days, Cas and I stay close to each other, always finding excuses to be near each other, touch each other, take time to laugh and, smile.
I hold on for another minute until I start becoming hyper aware of the heat coming from Cas, his scent which smells like earth and fresh air, his hand clasped at the back of my neck against my skin, and the feeling of his chest pressed against mine. I can feel the subtle shift in the air between us and I feel the urge to turn my head towards his neck and press my lips there.
I shiver at the intimacy of feeling Cas so close, us both naked except for swimming shorts, but my response is lost when his hands started rubbing the cream into my shoulders. It feels amazing. I let my head fall forward and I can’t stop the groan from my mouth.
I ran towards them and threw my arms around both of them. They caught me and held me between them, and it was the best feeling in the world
“Back already”, Castiel turns as Arael lands behind him. Smiling, he says, “That is a fine choice for a vessel. Nice hair”
“No but thank you Siobhan for your kindness. I know I don’t deserve it” and then she too disappeared.
Taking a long sip of her drink, she says, “Well, boys, it seems we have a problem. One of your fans just got fanatic.”
I don’t know who moved first but then Jack was there in my arms and I was squeezing the life out of him.
Jack looks down before he looks back at the two of them, “You're right, but I thought I was doing the right thing.”
It's a while before I get myself under control and when I raise my head, that’s when I realise, we are alone. The others have given us some privacy which I really appreciate.
“What no, it’s a great idea, Sammy, it really is and I think you and Eileen would be great at it, but……..”
Pulling her in for a squeeze, I say “Rose, not even Cas could blame me if I ran away with you, right now”.
Jack grins like a goofy kid instead of an all-powerful God, “Thank you, Sam, that's nice to know”, and Dean snorts a laugh.
His brother was someone that always kept his feelings for people buried deep except for him and Cas, and Sam could now admit to himself that sometimes he had wondered if their friendship would go deeper.
Cas’s eyes widened again and dropped to my lips. He looked back up at me and stammered “But……you can’t. You can’t love me like that, you don’t like men, this vessel is the wrong kind for you”.
Richards holds out his hand to take mine. Glancing around, he lowers his voice and says, “You're the Angel, aren’t you?”
Sam makes a choking sound in his throat, and I look over at him, “Yes, Michael, Sam and I sent them away.”
Sounding like he hasn’t spoken in days, Dean's voice growls as he talks, “Jackie was doing the handover from the weekend staff. There was an addition to the notes saying that the patient in room 72 was not allowed visitors, and no information about him was to be released. It was official police business. Jackie checked the room and saw it was Jimmy.”
Tilting his head with his trademark confused look on his face, Cas said, “I don’t understand, whose side do you bat for?”
Castiel kisses his temple, “I prefer busy, occupied saving the world, you know, less dumb, less ass.”
Adam held out his hand, “Nice to meet you, Jimmy. I’m sorry about the tough time you’ve been through and about your Dad.”
Cas’s arms tightened around me, his cock pressed up against me and his warm breath breathed in my ear as he whispered, “Hello Dean” and I swear I nearly came just from hearing his deep baritone so close.
I enter the room as Jimmy is saying his goodbyes to Trace. Cas passes me on his way out, squeezing my shoulder, “Jimmy wants to talk to Helen”
Naomi looked at each of us with wary eyes “What’s going on? What’s this all about? I brought you everything for the spell. I thought we were on the same side here”
“Jimmy, Cas and I are lucky to have extra resources that Sonny didn’t have. We’re happy to spend it on you guys. It’s a few clothes; it’s a phone, it’s days out. They are normal, nice things that everyone should experience, and it brings Cas and me such……………………. joy to be able to do it. But it’s not just for you, Jimmy.
“And you don’t think it’s the same for us?” she said between kisses “Because it is. I can’t be without either of you now. I can’t bear to think about it. I won’t let myself think about it, because if I did, I couldn’t function Castiel”
Sitting side by side on the blanket, Cas’s head on my shoulder, we enjoy the scene in front of us for a while before joining the boys in the water.
Sonny gives us the grand tour, pointing out the TV room where the boys do their schoolwork during the day and where they can relax in the evening. Sonny’s office is on the opposite side of the house. It has a desk, three chairs, three filing cabinets and on his desk, beside a stack of files and papers sits an old and battered desktop computer.
And as much as I’m enjoying what Cas is doing, we have a houseful of boys waiting for us. Turning in Cas’s arms, he stops when he sees my face, “How’s Jimmy?”
I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t think. I couldn’t speak. The pain was like nothing I had felt before. Dean’s face mirrored everything I was feeling, the tears falling silently down his face.
Rowena has told me that it would come back eventually. Maybe I should get a second opinion. Like Naomi.
Siobhan is sitting on the floor with her head in her hands. She’s breathing shallow breaths trying to digest what she had found out and to try stop her stomach churning. She was one breath away from emptying her stomach, not that there was anything to empty. She knew from her clothes that she had lost weight, and she didn’t have much to lose as it was. But she was driven to find an answer to this problem, Not just for Castiel but the boys as well. And now she had.
Dean turns and smiles at the nephew he’s never met. Dean stops cold. He’s never met him. Not even in Heaven. Just like Jody and Donna or Claire, Kaia none of them. The only person he’s met after he died is Sam.
With my head buried in his shoulder again, I said, “Cas, I’m the one who should be asking you that, if you are ok to be here, with me, when I can’t return…………………”
Instead of things settling down with us, it’s only getting worse. We can barely keep our hands off each other.
Apparently the only one of them that has read it already is Nicholas, but he’s willing to read it again.
Leaning over him, I plundered his mouth, tasting myself on his tongue, “So was I Cas but I want to see your beautiful face”.
Cas smiled over at me probably remembering when I said that to him in my room in the bunker. Crikey that seemed so long ago.
Dean grasps my hand, something that still gives me a thrill, the easiness of it, “I know Cas I just……..how did he sound to you. Did he say anything about his Dad”?
After breakfast, as the boys tidy up and Jimmy goes off to check on the chickens and his garden, I sit at the table nursing another cup of coffee.
Jack stares at her for a long moment, “I’m afraid you outed yourself. A rookie mistake I’m surprised you made. .”
I stumbled down the stairs to start the coffee, knowing there was no point in going back to bed. It was there sitting at the kitchen table, nursing my second cup, that Rose found me.
Everybody nods back at me. Out of the bag, I give each of them a hat to wear as it’s another warm day. I also smear them with sunscreen with Eileen’s help paying special attention to Keith, as he grumbles, “I really hate wearing this stuff. And I hate freckles”
Now sharing a couch watching a Men in Black marathon, I look over at Cas. He’s stretched out beside me wearing my Led Zeppelin t-shirt and black sweatpants, I let my mind to wonder, what if I wasn’t bothered by it……what if……….
Dinner is a quiet affair. Cas and I have rustled up some burgers and chips, with coleslaw and salad as a side. The boys are giving us furtive looks throughout dinner, and I give them small smiles back that I know don't fool anyone.
Cas replies, “No, I mean vegetables. Would you be interested in planting a vegetable garden, with your permission of course Sonny?”
"Ok, that's great. So ah, I was wondering, how are things with you two, all good?" Sam asks, not at all obvious.
Jimmy was an intelligent kid. He could go all the way with his education, and I hoped he would. After that, Jimmy called every couple of days, taking turns to talk to everyone. My heart settled a bit, knowing he was doing ok, but I missed his presence around the house.
And now it’s you and me and Eileen and Cas and Jack. We made that happen. The world is a safer place because of us, and we are still trying to make it a safer palace, each in our way. So yeah, we deserve to be happy.
A little later, Keith runs in, looking the worse for wear with grass stains all over his clothes and a rip in his jeans.
My heart swells with love and pride for this boy. This boy who has wormed his way into my heart in such a short space of time.
I look at him in surprise because the weekend has snuck up on me and I had nothing planned. Seeing his face start to falter, I quickly ask, “What would you like to do tomorrow, Joseph?”
Jimmy listens, for the most part, asking a question here and there when he doesn't understand something.
Ms Mason then gives me a slight smile and holds her hand out. I shake it absently as she says “I’ll see you Friday. Tell the other Mr Winchester I said goodbye”.
Dean turned onto the narrow dirt road that led up to Jody’s cabin. The road was lined with trees on either side that bent over the road, giving you the impression, you were travelling in a tunnel. We had made good time and there was still some light in the day to see our way.
The boys run down laughing and jump in. Moving around to the driver’s side, I whistle and moments later, Miracle comes flying around from the back of the house and jumps into the front seat. Laughing, Cas climbs in after her.
Pulling him into an embrace, I decide to be fucking honest, “I know that you and I have started living good lives, separate from one another, and it’s healthy and all that shit.”
Suddenly I’m furious; I pull my hand out of his and stand up, pacing the floor. Turning, I hiss out to Dean, “Don’t you think I haven’t asked. I’ve been praying to Jack since Jimmy went missing, and I prayed to him in the dead of night while Michael shook from the pain of his nightmares. He won’t interfere. We are on our own, Dean.”
Shelley's mouth drops open slightly before she recovers herself. Holding out her hand, she says, “Dean, it's nice to meet you. Forgive me, I did hear from someone that you were together, but I just thought it was gossip. How are you settling in?
“Cas, I don’t want to rush you, we could…………….go…………..slow…….if that…………..would ………..make ……….you………….feel…………….better…..” The feel of Cas’s hands drifting down and grabbing my ass to pull me closer to him made me lose all coherent thought.
Cas turned back and rubbed his thumb along my bottom lip, nailing me with his baby blues, before trying for a saucy wink and failing, he looked back at Sam, “It's actually your fault, Sam well both of yours. All those times we had to hide while you were having sexual intercourse, Dean and I found ways to amuse ourselves. I couldn’t understand how you couldn’t seem to restrain yourselves, but now I understand”
I'm constantly throwing the sunscreen at the boys, especially Keith with his fair skin and red hair. I'm terrified of him getting burnt.
Cas nodded, “I will but I’m not sure what to do to be quite honest. He doesn’t say anything so I don’t know if he would prefer some alone time or what. I’ll probably stay as much as I can until the weekend and then lessen my time gradually. Eventually, he’ll be out of the bed and hopefully, he will play with the others”
Michael continues to look mutinous before his face falls, and I see fear, “He’s really going to be ok, right, Cas?”
Jimmy seems to think about this for a minute before he says, “No, not yet. I’ll see how he goes over the weekend. He’s been doing really well, Dean.”
There's silence for about half a minute. Cas is looking, first puzzled and then a bit hurt before Sam comes on, clearing his throat and his voice sounds a bit shaky before he replies, “I miss you too Cas, both of you. The bunker isn’t the same without you two”.
We are about ten minutes from our destination when I smell it. I look at Cas out of the corner of my eye, but he's busy rubbing Miracles head, so I glance into the rear-view mirror to look at the boys. It's Jimmy who perks up and I see him looking my way.
“Jeepers Sonny, Dean, my name is Dean” I said exasperated while walking up to shake her hand as she stood to meet us. Cas shook her hand after me and she stepped back to eye us up and down. Rose was anywhere between 40 and 50 years old. She was blonde, slim and in light blue jeans and denim shirt, she was also very easy on the eye.
While Jimmy sleeps, I sit back down on the chair and let the event of the last 36 hours run through my mind.
Grimacing, Dean says, “That leaves Eve. I can’t say I’m happy to face her again. She will not be easy to convince. But, Jack, do we really need her?”
Suddenly the door burst open and in fell Jack on his hands and knees with four demons on top of him.
Dean pulled one of his arms away and Sam joined the hug. Cas pulled Jack into the hug and all four of these men held me while I cried for my son and the family I lost.
Waggling a finger at them, I said, “Don’t complain to me if you're falling asleep into your cereal in the morning”.
“It said, it said” he started, then he patted down his jacket, “Dammit, I must have dropped it somewhere. Dammit Cas I’m sorry”
A half hour later, the Sheriff leaves the room. When he sees me, he shakes his head saying, “I’m really sorry for what that boy went through, Dean. And for my son’s part in it. He will be disciplined Dean. I’ve already informed Jimmy”
So, I had time to think about what he said, without him around and with him around, and then we came here, and we learned to lean on each other even more than we ever had before and it’s like I was able to stop fighting my feelings and let them come out for some fresh air”.
And that is where we spent the next few hours. Sam and Eileen curled up on the porch swing while Cas has dragged out some of the couch cushions and we sit on those, drinking our beers and catching up.
Sam continued on “She has been stuck in that room for two weeks. She’s barely eating. She won’t explain what she’s working on but says it’s very important and she will tell us when she’s ready.
A noise behind us had us both turning towards the front door. Standing there was Dean, who with a soft expression on his face said “Having a chick flick moment without me is so not allowed.”
Whether it’s the words or the tone they’re spoken with, it distracts Sam from his grief. Raising his head from his son’s shoulders, he looks at Castiel, “It’s really you, Cas.”
Holding the shirt on either side, I pulled it up over his head, taking my time. Once I had if off, I threw it onto my bed.
“This is the time, so let me say this, I love you, I love all of you, you make sure you tell Dean, Castiel and Sam that, that this family has been the best thing to ever happen to me. I will do my part, but you, and they have to do theirs. Tell them I will hold out for as long as I can.
Cas and I take our time getting up but it’s still before nine when I stumble into the kitchen for coffee, as Rose is setting the table. The boys are on my heels, greeting myself and Rose while grabbing bowls for cereal, while I lean against the counter, mug of coffee in hand, and just watch.
Cas and Alt Dean are hugging and whispering in each others ears as they say goodbye. Alt Sam gives me a two fingered salute but when Alt Dean goes to leave, I stop him.
“Yes, he said that because I saved them from the Empty, they were bound to me.  “Remember they knelt before me in the playground and in heaven”
I looked at Naomi to find her watching me “Siobhan I need to return to heaven to get these items but I need to ask you, are you sure you want to do this?
He grabbed my arm and pulled it back around his waist again. I snorted in surprise but allowed him to do it but this time I kept some distance between my crotch and Cas’s very fine, very firm ass, finally grasping that Cas had been very much awake and very aware of what had been pressed against him.
Dean’s eyes widen before the two of them dissolve into laughter, and they continue grinning the whole way across town.
I remembered the way Cas looked as he came in my hand. He was so beautiful, so expressive, so Cas. I loved that we were each other’s firsts. He was the first man to touch me. I was the first man to touch him. It was a heady feeling.
They all run for the t-shirts that Walmart has in abundance, all with different decals on them. From funny sayings to superheroes. I’m so caught up in picking out pants (Michael does not like jeans, he prefers khakis, thank you very much), which is too adorable that I nearly miss the Cas and Jimmy show. When I find them, Jimmy looks mutinous, and Cas looks exasperated.
I turn back to look at Sam but instead, I see the face of my best friend. My messy-haired, blue-eyed, best friend.
The other thing we had to do was talk to Michael about who and what he is. I wanted to wait but Cas insisted we be upfront with him, “His powers are starting to manifest, and he needs to be prepared. Dean, I am not making the same mistake I made with Jesse. We tell him the truth. Michael trusts us, Dean, and I'm not giving him a reason not to trust us. If he’s a Cambion like Rowena says, we can’t go even a little bit wrong here.”
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. I would never have left if I thought…………… but who could have seen this outcome? I said
I graze his prostate a few more times before taking his cock again until it hit the back of my throat, before I swallow.
“I think I only got the basic package in the Angel department” I teased. At his puzzled look I said “I’m still not back at full power”
We also came across something else, something so powerful, at first, we didn’t believe it could be true, or could be achieved, if true. The Aquaductus. The implications of it. But we didn’t know if it was a who, an it or a what. Not until Jack came along and told me what you found.
I growl into the phone, “Talk soon and mind yourself you hear. Both you and Eileen stay safe or I’ll kick both your asses”
Sam smiles at his brother, “Dean, no matter what happens today, you helped. You’re helping now by not leaving me alone; I really appreciate it.”
It scared me not because Dean was a man, it really does not matter to angels but because I knew it would matter to Dean. So, I said nothing and watched while he flirted with women and I pretended to not care.
Cas continued “Siobhan we were coming back for you. We wanted to know if you could take a giant leap in the relationship stakes and… and….. be with us together.”
Michael looks sceptical but turns to look at the pencil. Immediately the pencil comes flying at Michael, and he barely has time to put his hand up before he catches it.
Dean put his arm under Siobhan’s shoulders and lifts her up. Siobhan whimpers and Dean kept saying “I’m sorry” over and over again. Siobhan managed to swallow the pain killers and Dean laid her flat on the bed again.
“Cas, are you in there, can I come in” I asked from outside his door. It was a moment later before I heard “Of course Dean”.
I grab his face and place a bruising kiss on his lips before saying, “Let’s go get our son”, and Dean smiles gratefully back at me.
After settling it with Sonny, that Cas would be coming with me, I explained to Cas about running the home, showing him the emails with all the information that Sonny had sent me. Cas went into deep research mode. Looking up ways of making kids feel at ease, parenting tips, even some cooking skills.
Turning to Rose I said, “Can you gather the boys in the sitting room. I’m not sure if he’ll be in the mood to meet them, but just in case”.
Helen grimaces, “Yeah sometimes it feels like that”. Turning to Jimmy she says, “Shall we” and they both walk into the office.
Cas beams at her, “I’ll pick some seeds up tomorrow. I’ll get Jimmy to help me. Where would you like it.”
Cas squeezes both my shoulder and my hand lying on his chest, “Jack gave me a choice to stay in heaven as an angel or become human and go wherever I choose on Earth. My place is here with you and Sam. You are my family. Unless…….”
Releasing me he nods his head towards Cas and I finally remember my manners, “Sonny, this is Cas, my best friend and fellow hunter, and now my partner in crime in this”.
I released Cas and smiled up unto his face. “I have an idea, a crazy idea but it’s a good one, if I do say so myself”
Castiel gazes at her with fondness. Arael took the shape of a woman here in Heaven.  She likes being able to communicate as Jack, and Castiel do. Castiel inherited his vessel, and Jack was born to his. Arael simply moulded her form to appear human with them. But only in Heaven.
Sam jerks hearing his name, and he watches as the young man throws himself onto the bench beside her. It’s him. Looking impossibly young and so in love with the girl beside him.
Before the boys can answer, I hear the scrape of a chair, and I feel a warmth at my back. I watch as Cas puts his own plate in the sink around me, before he grabs my arm and pulls me out of the kitchen saying “Boys, I just need to talk to Dean for a minute, I will be back”
I was sitting beside Cas as he helped translate the texts for me, while Naomi was helping Sam. Dean came over and squeezed himself between the two of us. I smiled at him as he leaned down and kissed me. He then did the same to Cas. I saw Naomi looking at us with the same puzzled look across the table and I turned back to the texts laughing.
Laughing, I kiss Cas on the forehead on my way out of the kitchen, before calling on the boys from the foot of the stairs, to get a move on.
“That’s not Dean”, Jody snarls. “Probably some filthy demon or shapeshifter, coming here to mess with us.”
Cas tilts his head in that adorable way he does, “We need to make up a couple of rooms for our guests and I’m sure they would appreciate a hot meal as well” before leaving the room
Cas’s eyes were pleading, “Dean I didn’t lie when I came back, I swear. It didn’t matter that you couldn’t return my feeling. I loved you so much that I was just happy you knew, and I thought we would carry on like normal. But then our relationship changed, even back at the bunker, you were freer, relaxed and then we came here, and you hugged me and held me and showed affection without hesitation and Dean, it was wonderful. It truly was”.
I sat on the ground in my apartment listening to this Dean Winchester explain about how they hunted monsters like vampires, werewolves, witches, and that demons and Angels were real also.
“You be good for Dean, Cas and Rose you hear, but more importantly, you be good to yourselves. Now I know this is a big change, especially for you Jimmy but I wouldn’t have Dean and Cas here if I didn’t trust them. But even so, I’ll be giving each of you my phone number so you can call any time ok. If I don’t answer, leave a message and I’ll call back”.
Her face lights up as she says “A what, vegetables you say, why that sounds like a wonderful idea. I’d love to see it”
Siobhan broke down in tears. Heart wrenching tears that streamed like a river down her face. She was still sitting in the bath and I sat down alongside the bath and reached for her. Her wet arms came around my neck and she continued to cry.
I pull the new phone Dean bought out of my pocket, “Ok Jimmy, this is for you. It’s got all our numbers in it, including Adam’s. So, we understand why you don’t want to come home with us. Still, we need to know you are safe, so please do everything Adam tells you, ok. Promise me,” I ask when there’s no response.
“You’re not wrong there, Rose” Cas says coming into the kitchen behind me. “Dean is what I like to call an angry sleeper. Only coffee humanises him”.
We returned to the waiting area in silence. Jack and I were holding hands, giving each other moral support.
Rose pins me with a look, “My Jackie always says some things are more important. Like love and companionship and …………… sex”
I raise my head and look Cas straight in the face, “If his father hurts him again Cas, they’ll be no Jack, no Rowena called, I mean it Cas. I will end him myself.”
He recalled the afternoons training with her to fight (something she insisted on because I’m not going to stand there like the useless damsel while you keep the monsters off me) she had said.
And as more beer is consumed Alt Dean is getting more handsy. Touching Cas’s hand, caressing his face, or leaning in to touch foreheads together. And it bothers me.
Sam then spoke up “We need to get her off the table and get her wounds looked at. If the angel mojo doesn’t work, we have to do it the old-fashioned way”
“Why” I asked “Why couldn’t you have explained what you needed me to do. Why couldn’t you have shown me how important this was? I don’t understand”
A hysterical laugh bubbles up inside me at Cas’s face. It’s a mixture of hurt, exasperation, fear and love. Only he could pull it off.
I nod at her, pleased to hear what she said but I still don’t want to leave my guard down around her.
Rose laughs and says to Cas, “I’m heading into town later, I can show you where it is. The gardening store is open seven days a week, but it has shorter hours today, being a Sunday”.
I glance over at Cas and I swear there's a hint of a smile on Cas’s face as if he knows I'd been watching him.
“Yeah, they hit the nest in an hour. Damn, I know Sam and Eileen have been hunting since we left but this…………………….” I trailed off
I looked at my brother, the boy I had raised to become the man before me and I was so proud of what he wanted to do next, but I knew there and then, I was on a different path.
I lie there for a long while thinking about Cas before I fall asleep again and this time I don’t dream.
“Is that the beach, I smell?” Jimmy asks with hope in his voice and all the boys gasp. Even Cas looks hopeful.
Cas listens attentively and asks a question here and there, before finally saying, “Sam, Dean, Eileen, this is a wonderful thing you are doing. Putting all this to good use. I hope I will be able to help in some small way”.
He responds within a minute, saying he’s ok and that he’ll ring Nicholas later if that was all right. I sent a text back that he can call any time to talk to whoever he likes, and he answers with “Thanks Dean” which warms me up inside.
I can't believe it's over. I will miss these characters so much. Thank you for coming on this journey with me. Thank you for the comments, they mean the world to me. I hope you will continue to read my stories. But, In between stories, come chat with me on Twitter, I would love to hear from you xxxxx
I bark out a laugh. Yes, the gods are bored and are trying to kill me. Dean Winchester will have to use actual words to get what he wants. Christ.
Dean leaned forward, keening lowly, “Cas, they handled his physical injuries, he had lost a lot of blood, but he’d regained consciousness by Saturday afternoon when he asked for us. You and me. But the police officer in charge had told the staff he was a prisoner and was not to be engaged with.”
Rosario Enright is two hours into a double shift and is ready to deal with the devil to smite the family sitting at table 6, which is unfortunately in her section. The parents and their two sons are overweight, over loud, over obnoxious and overeating with their mouths open.
We spend the next few hours, showing the boys some basic moves, including how to make the proper fist for punching. The boys lap it up and kept coming back for more.
I turned and there stood a man. He had wavy salt and pepper hair, beard, blue eyes and dressed quite preppy.
“Well, well, what do we have here” and I turn to see a man appear behind Robin, dressed in the uniform of a Deputy Sheriff with an ugly expression on his face.
I lean back and hold him by the shoulders and say “We’ve missed you too, you know. How long can you stay?”
Jimmy’s father was a nasty drunk and when the fists start flying, Jimmy gets the hell out of dodge. The cops pick him up when he’s found wandering the streets and he gets sent here until the father gets his drinking under control again and Jimmy goes home until the cycle starts all over again. It’s a depressing situation and a nightmare for Jimmy.
At her dismayed face I try to cheer her up, “Now I really really want to meet Jackie. Maybe we could try for next week”.
Everything there reminded me of what I had lost. I put my house on the market and came to New York. Where nobody knew me or cared about me.
“She told me to get here and tell you to start the spell, then she punched me in the chest, and I found myself at the entrance to hell” Jack said
“Hell no, you will always be D-Dawg to me” Sonny said with an answering laugh and he embraced me tightly.
I was feeling somewhat reassured by Dean’s words when the door to the bedroom opened and out walked Siobhan.
Cas answers her, “He’s doing great. He still has his off days and still has some nights trouble sleeping, but all in all, he’s ok. I’m sure you’ll see him soon.”
Dean continued “I’m sorry, Naomi is not here yet but is there anything we can do. Anything you need.”
After parking side by side, I climb out and remove a bag from the trunk before we meet in a huddle in between the car and truck.
Even though I'm hoping to do something different, that didn’t stop me from helping out Sam and Eileen in setting up the bunker in preparation for its new role in the combat of monsters and the training of hunters. We clean out 20 bedrooms, buying sheets and duvets to make them ready for weary hunters. We turn another room into an infirmary, stocking up on gauze, alcohol, pain medication, syringes etc.
Sam looks at me and nods towards Cas. Cas sees this and he looks from me to Sam and asks “What, what is it?”.
Robin sends someone over to take our order as she was getting slammed. Over a feast of burgers, chips, hot dogs, chicken nuggets (a lot of it which was sneaked under the table to Miracle) and a Caesar salad for Sam the boys talk about what ride they want to try next.
If Siobhan managed to kill the Entity, then she and Cas were free to pursue this thing between them and Dean would be happy for them. Damned happy, even if it killed him.
Jimmy stares at me for a moment before he shakes his head, “I think I’ll just stay here for a while.”
Cas tightens his grip, pressing Dean closer to him before tipping Dean’s chin to kiss his mouth. The kiss starts lazy and sloppy before lips press together more firmly, and the kisses turn heated, and, unbelievably, Dean’s cock twitches inside Cas again.
And Cas and Alt Dean have nearly forgotten that they are in company. I watch as my counterpart, smiles and lays his hands gently on Cas’s hand to illustrate a point in his story, or nudges him gently with his shoulder, while giving him a wink.
“Well, when my best friend who’s now pretending to be my boyfriend and doesn’t care who knows, because some assbutt was upsetting the boys, and he put them first, well then yeah, he gets a hug” Cas said into my ear, his breath puffing against my skin.
I laugh and I can feel myself blushing to the roots of my hair, “Looks like the cats out of the bag now”.
I felt the sting of tears at the corners of my eyes and I ducked my head briefly before giving them both a tight smile, “Well, it’s only for six months, at least I’ll know if it’s the right thing for me or not. After that, I might move on to something else but for right now, this feels right, you know”.
I didn’t have long to wait. Later that evening, I'm cooking dinner, when Cas enters the kitchen at a fair clip.
Dean spins Castiel until he has him pinned against his kitchen counter, never breaking the kiss. Dean’s hands leave Castiel’s waist and travel up his arms before skimming his shoulders, and then his hands are in Cas’s hair. Dean loves Cas’s hair, loves the way it is wild and unkempt most of the time, serious sex hair, and he also loves how Cas doesn’t give a fuck how it looks.
Heading down to the water’s edge, dragging my t-shirt on as I went, I hand Jimmy his t-shirt and a hat.
“Fine” said Dean. “Once the spell is done, we need to plan our attack, so you’ll need to stick around for a while after.”
Dean’s smile turns into a grimace before saying, “Cas used to do that” at Sam’s look, he says, “Air quotes.”
Young Dean goes off to get beer and pie for them all as Dean looks around the room, “I like this room, its cosy, it’s……….”
Dean looks at me in disbelief, so I stop him before he starts again. Gripping his hands, I bite out, “Dean, believe me, we will deal with Deputy Wade. We will. He won’t get away with it. But first, we need to help Jimmy. Please Dean”
Reaching out, I tilted his chin up, before dropping my hand, “Cas my response is, I love you. Ok. I fucking love you too and if its ok with you, I would like to kiss you now”.
Standing outside his bedroom, I stop him before he enters, “I’ll say the same thing to you, that I said to Cas. If it gets too much, say it. I mean it, Jimmy. I know you want to help Michael, but you can’t do that if you are hurting. You’re here to heal as well, remember”.
I stood up quickly and crossed to the window but couldn’t see any movement, but our window faced the back of the house. So, I travelled back across the room again to get my phone and ring Sam. As I wait for him to answer, Cas picks Michael up and puts him into our bed, tucking the blankets around him. He then grabs some clothes and disappears into the bathroom to dress.
Cas sits in silence for a minute before he answers, “You know what else I learned from my research, Dean”.
Cas nodded at Sonny on hearing this information, turning to Jimmy he asked, “Really, you like to work with your hands Jimmy?”
“I couldn’t sleep” I replied. “I contacted Naomi and she brought the research, just like she promised. It’s hard going trying to understand some of the text but there’s fascinating stuff in here too. Did you know that the dinosaurs were an experiment?
Michael fell asleep after his bath, so Cas and Sarah joined us for some lunch. The boys told Sarah all about our weekend previous activities and she gave me and Cas very impressed looks, that were welcome to our tired souls.
As I sit there with Michael, I remember another boy whose tears soaked my shirt in this same barn not too long ago when he didn’t want to leave us. Now another boy is crying because that same boy doesn’t want to come back.
Jimmy bit down on his lip almost painfully, but he answered, “He was asking questions about you and Cas and Sam. Then all of a sudden, he stopped…………………..” Jimmy swallows hard before continuing, “Said he had run out of time. He said he had wanted to play with me all weekend, to send you a message, but he was about to be interrupted, so he had to go. He……………………. he stabbed me and then thick black smoke was rising out of my Dad’s mouth.”
I look at her in amusement that quickly turns to shock, “I have to date Cas, I mean I have to take him out on a date, don’t I? I mean………….do I?”
I throw myself into a seat and take deep breaths while watching the activity around. I don't move again until I see the sheriff's car pulling into the car park.
“Dean, I think we need to create new protection sigils around the farm. Right now, we only have the house and the barn covered. And we can’t keep the boys inside the house indefinitely.”
Cas’s hands came up and grabbed my face. Staring at me in wonder he said “I have been thinking about this moment for years Dean. It’s even better than my expectations, why would I ever ask you to stop, but Dean are you sure this is what you want”.
“She really does” Sonny laughed as Rose swiped him with a dish cloth, “She even killed an ivy plant, and those suckers would survive an apocalypse”.
Cas gives me a look that speaks volumes, “Dean, her father was a very devout religious man, and even though he was misguided, he did not believe in homosexuality, and he passed that down to Claire.”
The words just tumbled out of me in one long rush and now I paused teetering on a precipice, jump back or tumble over
Alt Sam speaks up, with that smarmy look that never seems to leave his face “Is there any other kind?”
“Jimmy, Cas and I are the same people you have known for the last couple of months. We just had different jobs. Please, Jimmy, tell us what happened. We’ll make sure whoever did this to you pays and never hurts anyone else again.”
I sighed and said “Cas, we didn’t get a chance to tell you this but, well, I’m not staying here. I’m actually leaving in a few weeks”.
The silence alerted me to the fact that Sam had stopped talking. I looked up and saw they were both looking at me warily. Sam asked, “You don’t think it’s a good idea?”
With a sweep of his hand the kitchen table was laden down with food and every kind of alcohol complete with fancy glasses you could think of.
The silence alerted me to the fact that Sam had stopped talking. I looked up and saw they were both looking at me warily. Sam asked, “You don’t think it’s a good idea?”
Stunned, I looked up into the gorgeous blue eyes of my best friend, who leaned down to kiss me and whisper “My turn”.
“Well are you going to let us in? We’ll catch our death standing out here” she said in her thick Scottish accent with a devilish smile on her face.
Despite the shock of finding out what Michael really is, Cas’s answer floors me. We’re building a family, a family of our own. We’re really doing this.
Pinning me with a stare, she says, “Michael still has his stitches in, so he has a colostomy bag fitted. That will have to be changed every morning. He can’t have baths or showers for the time being. He can only have a sponge bath”.
I got up off the bed and I stood there stunned trying to wrap my head around what he had just said. “The opposite!!!” I said, “Then Cas why??”
Then it’s just Jimmy and me in the room. Not wanting to make him any more uncomfortable than he is, I pull my phone out of my pocket and said, “There’s an eight year old back at the farm that has literal sparks coming out of his ears and will most likely explode if he doesn’t talk to you soon”
“Dean, you’re supposed to be setting a good example for the boys” Cas said hands on hips, but his mouth is twitching.
“HOLY CRAP” Sam hollers, before saying into the phone, “Sorry, not you Jody, sorry for shouting, it's just Dean………...never mind” before he backs out of the room.
The rest of the afternoon is spent putting away the supplies in the shed behind the house. Cas has bought not just seeds, but shovels, hoe’s, a rake, even a bloody wheelbarrow. The boys help put the stuff away and they are excitedly discussing what they would plant tomorrow.
Cas started to thrust into me gently, giving us both time to get used to the feel of each other. It burned a bit as I got used to him, but it didn’t last long.
Saturday morning with Rose, after preparing the food and baking four pies for our barbeque, I shoo Rose out the door, telling her we will see her later, and we prepare to travel into Hurleyville.
We both stood hand in hand watching the woman we loved at the centre of the maelstrom and willed her to come back to us.
I take a deep breath as there is no way we can hide the next part from them, “Look it’s like this. He’s coming here straight from the hospital” and I see Jimmy wince, while the other boys are staring at me wide-eyed.
Jack knelt down beside me and Dean and his wings which were glorious, wrapped themselves around the four of us.
Grinning at both me and Cas, Jimmy jumps up and shouts, “I’m going to start right now. I call dibs on the porch seat” and he runs out of the room.
“Alright, alright, that’s enough from the love birds” I said prying Cas away from Sam. “Let’s get you to bed”.
As we enter the sitting room, the boys jump up and Joseph sniggers a bit when Sam has to duck his head to enter.
“Sonny, you didn’t have to do that” I protest “I spent my life sleeping on crappy motel beds, Cas too, we would have managed”.
It was Dean who answered “Yes Siobhan, all of us together. We love you, we love each other and by some miracle, you love us…..” Dean took a deep breath and continued “Look I know this is completely unorthodox, and you’re probably itching even more for your gun, but we had to ask. Siobhan, we had to.”
Sam huffs a laugh, “You’re making me jealous. I love the work Eileen, and I are doing, but seeing what you have here, I’m jealous.”
Jimmy pulls back, shaking his head, “No, Dean, you didn’t do anything wrong. You have been great. You and Cas. Both of you. You treat me like………………………………. Well, you talk to me about stuff, and you never treat me like……………………. like I’m in the way, or my opinion doesn’t matter. And you’ve been so generous, and I did that this morning. I threw it all back in your face. I’m so sorry.”
I was driving back to the bunker having done a beer run when I got the call from Sonny. I couldn’t believe it when I saw his name come up. We had stayed in touch for a while after Sam and I had sorted out his ghost problem, but the Mark of Cain, Amara, Chuck, Jack, Michael and Chuck again had put a chink in the friendship. So, this call was a surprise out of the blue.
Clamping his hands over his mouth, he eyes me as I move towards him, "Oh, so that's how it is, is it. You better run Joseph."
Jimmy’s words hit me square in the chest and leaves me poleaxed. I thought after our talk yesterday, we were ok. Trying to gather my thoughts and not focus on the bloom of hurt at his words, I tell him, “Jimmy, that's not what’s going on. I know you want to go home. I would never try to change that. But I meant it when I said you were like family to me, and I would like to keep in touch with you.”
After I check on the boys to make sure they have washed up and are in bed, fielded more questions about the surprise tomorrow, I do my nightly check on the house. I check that all doors and windows are locked, and I let Miracle out for one last run around. We are going to have a long day tomorrow, so I decide to turn in early. Making my way back to the TV room to find Cas, I find the TV and the lights off.
Sam makes his way around the truck to get his hug from Joseph after he finishes squeezing the life out of Eileen.
I felt Siobhan laugh in my arms and I held her back to look into her eyes and she said “No, thank Jack”.
The rest of the evening, we spend with the boys. We play games and listen to what Cas and I had missed over the last couple of days until, eventually, they are drooping with tiredness.
Jimmy, you have the right to say no to Cas and me if anything we say or do makes you uncomfortable. And I’m sorry if I did. That is the last thing I want.”
I have to drag the boys including Cas out of the water to eat some lunch but once they start eating, they devour everything.
And there they were. The words that Cas had said to me on more than one occasion including that last horrible day when we had left to challenge Death.
Arael returns Sam’s smile, “My father is well, but he does need your help. He is sorry to disturb your rest.”
I was so angry and scared and frustrated for Siobhan that I had taken it out on Jack, again, and I felt ashamed. I was trying dammit, but the anger was always so close to the surface, no matter how many times Jack apologised, it was always there.
“What, no, no Cas. Just if you want to freshen up is all I meant………. you always smell good” and blushed when I realised what I said. Oh, Jack kill me now, I thought.
I feel the sting of tears at the corners of my eyes and I duck my head briefly before giving them both a tight smile, “Well, it’s only for six months, at least I’ll know if it’s the right thing for me or not. After that, I might move on to something else but for right now, this feels right, you know”.
Standing there breathing in the warm spring air, I felt a lightness in me that I never thought would be possible. The world was safe from Chuck, Jack was watching over us now, Sam was safe and happy with Eileen and me, well I had Cas.
That’s when I realised Siobhan wasn’t alone. Walking beside her was a tall, very good-looking man, dressed in a suit that probably cost more than the townhouse.
Cas answers him, “Yes, of course, we believe you. We have seen some unusual things on our travels, Michael. You are not alone in this, and we will get to the bottom of it, ok?”
Michael’s eyes widen before Cas reassures him, “You can have one by yourself, myself or Dean or even Jimmy can wait outside in case you need anything, what do you think?”
As I got to know him, he frustrated me and drove me mad with his what I perceived as his self-importance, then I started to admire his tenacity, his never giving up against impossible odds and his huge heart that loved even when it was being battered from all directions.
Apparently, the residents of Harrisonville weren’t used to public displays of affection, especially with men.
Dean turns back to the lake again, but he continues talking, “Cas made a deal. When Jack died, the Entity went after him in Heaven. Cas traded his life for Jacks, but he would only take Cas when Cas was truly happy.”
“Just that shit we think is important, who we are or supposed to be, doesn’t really matter. All that matters, we allow ourselves to be who we want to be, allow ourselves to be happy”.
I smile at him, before saying, “I hate guys like that. Just because they wear a uniform, they think they can act however they like. You're supposed to want to care and protect people, when you put on a uniform like that, not terrorise them”.
Jimmy looked at Cas and it nearly broke my heart a bit watching the boy trying to see Cas’s ulterior motive.
He shrugged, a blush blooming his cheeks, as I remembered what he said, “Hey, I hope you are not seriously thinking I’m leaving you at home, right?”
Ducking into the boy’s room first, I found Keith and Joseph crying, their breathing hitched, while Nicholas looked like he saw a ghost. For a brief moment, I would have preferred the ghost. That I could kill.
I was someone who cared and despite the fact I tried to hide it, the people who loved me saw it. So, what was the point of pretending.
I pinned her down, but I did stop. “The only reason I’m giving you mercy is that I need to talk to the two of you” I grinned down at her “otherwise……….” I waggled my eyebrows at her.
Then I saw it, like a ball of fire speeding towards me. I had no time to move out of the way before it hit
Cas’s appearance still takes me by surprise. Instead of the blue suit and tan trench coat, Cas is wearing all black. Black jeans, plain black t-shirt, black denim jacket and black hiking boots. The outfit makes his hair look darker and his eyes bluer than ever. He looks human, he looks………
Here she said “When the Prophet ordained in holy fire appears, the end of days will finally begin. And she will break the place where the sleepers lie, and the armies will rise for the final battle.”
It just hits more home to me how starved these kids are for adult attention and love. They are all wonderful kids, who haven’t given us one spot of bother since we arrived. They look out for each other and help each other out. I hate that life has given them such a bad rap.
Making a decision, I tell him, “Ok, how about this? I’ll come back to visit, and you can tell me to get lost if you don’t want to see me.”
But being Cas, he hadn’t pushed or tried to take my hand or anything else he might think I’ll be uncomfortable with, and I love him for it. But considering how long it's taken us to get together, maybe I should try to be a bit braver, in my personal life. Cas deserves it, we both did.
Sarah turns to me and speaks softly to me, “I’ve put Michaels clothes away in the locker and some are hanging in the wardrobe”.
Passing the ambulance bay, I keep going until I find a visitor's seating area, and my luck must be changing because it’s relatively empty at this time, just past the lunch hour.
Kneeling at his feet, I hear Cas whisper my name. I look up at him and stop. Cas is staring down at me with those big blue eyes of his with a small smile on his face. The first thing that comes to my mind is “He’s so beautiful”.
“I don’t how to thank you for doing this for me, Dean. You too Cas. I know what I’m asking isn’t easy”.
Cas texted me to say they had arrived at the farm, and Sam was going to set up in the barn to do the spell to reach Hell. Eileen would wait on this side to keep the spell fed.
Dean can see a shift in his peripheral vision, and when he looks around, he finds himself standing in the kitchen of his house.
After breakfast and chores, the boys head in for their homework. At Travis’s suggestion, we have decided to tell the boys about Jimmy leaving after lunch. I was dreading it, as was Jimmy.
“He’s a minor, Cas. he shouldn’t have been left all alone, no matter what they thought. And the worst thing is, he knows he’s innocent, he knows.”
I never thought I would feel like this but in the background lurked my worries for Jack and the coming battle with God.
“You idjit” I tell him “The boys are already up and about so go up to my room to use the shower. Cas is probably finished with it. Tell Eileen she can use that one as well”
I blow out a breath, and walk back towards Cas, taking the shovel out of his hand, “Cas, you were gone for nearly four months man. I thought you were lost forever. I thought …………………. I thought I would never see you again.
Wanting to put them at ease, I told them, “Well my brother is younger than me by 4 years, but he has the nickname moose as he is so tall”.
All through dinner, then through a rousing game of monopoly, where funnily Cas ended up with all the properties and all the money, (Jimmy looking at him in awe saying “Cas you should have been a tycoon”), all I could hear in my head is Cas asking me to fuck him.
Jimmy then nudges Keith and he does the same introduction, followed by Nicholas and Joseph, who giggles his way through it, that has us all laughing.
“Cas please” said Dean “Don’t be mad. We need it to be a backup plan and I know you don’t want to do it, so I will.
We spent some time hashing how we would approach Siobhan and when I asked Cas when he wanted to ask her, he replied
Michael nods slowly but otherwise looks calm. Hoping this doesn’t backfire big time, I hold out my hand towards him, palm facing up. Michael looks at it for a few moments before he hesitantly reaches out and puts his hand in mine.
“What no, it’s a great idea, Sammy, it really is and I think you and Eileen would be great at it, but……..”
After leaving Rose preparing dinner, we follow Sonny into his office, where he shows us the different forms and red tape that has to be done and be filled out when a new boy arrives, during their stay and when they leave.  It's enough to make your eyes water and give me the start of a headache.
Jody finally disentangles herself from Dean, wiping her eyes, “So Castiel is in Heaven with you. I’m so happy to hear that, Dean.”
Turning to Cas, I said, “Cas can you look after the boys and I’ll find out what’s going on” and he agrees, herding the boys and Miracle as he goes.
Jack raises one eyebrow and smiles, “Well, technically, that may be true, but for this to work, it’s the true rulers or, in this instance, the true saviours of Earth, who are the true leaders.”
Cas may not be an angel anymore but the essence of who he was, is still there. It shines out of him. Just like Cas’s presence grounds me, it seems to have a similar effect on Michael.
Grabbing him in a hug, I kiss his temple, “It was our pleasure, Jimmy. Don’t be a stranger and if you need anything, please call me, you hear. I don’t care what time, day or night, ok.”
Dean and I look at each other before I respond, “We need to talk to Michael about this, Rowena, but thank you for everything.”
I look away before Cas can see the expression on my face, but the squeeze of his hand tells me I didn't fool him at all.
Sam turns to Arael, “Can you give us an hour. Come back in an hour. Dean and I need to talk about this”
I took one look at Jimmy’s face before I said, “Come with me”. Squeezing Cas’s hand, I led Jimmy out of the kitchen and out the back door.
After Siobhan stopped crying, we helped her out of the bath. I helped her stand while Dean wrapped her in a towel. I then carried her back to her bed.
Siobhan left work at 6pm and walked to Penn Station unaware that two men were following her. She got the train and got off at the first stop in Woodside, Queens with her escorts still with her.
I smiled slightly at that and said “True, but Cas this isn’t a vessel anymore, your fully human, this is your body now and male or female it doesn’t matter, I want you, so I’m asking Cas, can I kiss you?”
Still looking serious, he jerks his head up and down before saying, “I really like Sam and Eileen, and I like being here with you and Cas.”
Sam speaks up, “And that’s our cue to leave” dragging Eileen out of the room, both of them giggling.
The dress Siobhan was wearing was black, moulded to her body all the way down to just passed her knees. Her shoulders and arms were bare, with just spaghetti straps holding up the dress. I could see small diamonds flickering at her ears and neck. She was stunning.
Helen’s face turns stern, “Dean, I’m sorry. Jimmy’s upset about leaving Michael as well but you can’t make this harder on him. You can’t let him see you like this. It only makes the transition go that much harder for him. Please”
“Well maybe the Angel currently running Heaven could answer that” Siobhan said “I’m curious, did she ever make an appearance again?
Cas moved up behind me and I felt his hand on my shoulder, I turned to look at him as he said, “I know, but like always, I’ll go with you Dean”.
Sam gives the two of us a bitchface before dragging Eileen back out. Peeking back in the door, he roars, “You have five minutes to get dressed and disinfect that table” before slamming the door behind him.
Dinner with the boys is precisely what I need. Their presence and sense of humour lift my spirits. Rose has left two plated dinners for me in the oven to bring to Dean and Jimmy. She also corners me about the bear story, but I tell her we must have got some bad intel. She looks at me like she isn’t sure if she believes me.
I watched Sam as he got more and more animated over their plans. I knew he was including me in those plans but the more he talked, the more tired I felt.
The two people I cared about were a million miles away from me in different ways. Siobhan was literally a million miles away and Cas might as well be.
Bending towards Michael I whisper to him, “You will only be able to paddle in the water, Michael but the next time, you can swim, is that ok?”
“I’m always ready to be of service to you Dean, You know that” Cas said somewhat sarcastically that I did a double-take look at him
Dean looks down at the ground and scuffs his shoes in the grass, “I know. Can I ask you something? Can Angels hear prayers from us here”
I spoke up “Dean, let them come, they want to see you, Claire will want to see Cas, what’s the point of keeping them away?”
We all get into the water for a rousing game of water-polo except for Michael, who competes with Miracle jumping into the lake to see who gets further before climbing out and trying again.
I turn towards him, “It’s not right, Cas”. Turning back to look at Helen I ask her, “Does Jimmy get a say at all, he’s 14”.
Not that Jimmy’s aware of much. He sleeps most of the time, jerking to wakefulness to make sure Cas and I are still there. The first time Jimmy wakes from a nightmare, he screams that black smoke is chasing him. I meet Cas’s eyes over Jimmy’s head as I hold him and watch as Cas’s eyes squeeze shut.
Cas comes to an abrupt halt. His arm tightens on my waist as I stumble at his sudden stop. He turns to face me, his arm still around me, “That would never happen, Dean. I would never leave you. In fact, that has been my fear with you. That you might meet a woman that you want to settle down with”
Rose is standing at the sink, peeling potatoes. I can hear the murmur of the boys outside, so they must be close by.
“Look, I know you and Cas are busy with each other and its new the two of you, and you want to be together but it’s been over a month since we went on a hunt and I thought we could check this out, together. If you don’t, I understand”
“Well yes, but obviously someone around here has dropped the ball” Rowena said not looking too pleased about it.
That I could smell bacon as well, hurried my shuffling along. I found Sam standing over the stove cooking breakfast and Eileen and Cas sitting at the kitchen table, coffee cups in front of them.
She was quiet for a minute after I told her and then she said “Can I see” with her hands at either side of my head. I nodded my head once and then her hands were on my temples.
Jack himself had been quiet since we left Heaven. After we bade the girls farewell, Sam said goodnight and left for his room.
She joins me on the landing. Through the open door, all I can see is a small mound on the far over bed, covered in blankets.
When this idea had first bloomed in my head, I thought of just getting a burner phone, something for Jimmy to use in emergencies. But now, with Michael and the book club, I wanted Jimmy to be able to Facetime if he wanted and use the phone in case of emergency. Finding a sales agent, I tell her what I want. She picks out a Huawei P20 Pro and gives Jimmy a crash course on using it, downloading the Facetime app for him. She also programmes my number, Cas’s number, and Sam’s number in there as well.
I gently pull Jimmy out of the room, murmuring to him to come with me. As we step out into the hall, I see the other boys peeking out of their room. Sitting Jimmy on the stairs, I walk over to the other boys.
With horrible sneers on their faces they led us up the corridor to the throne room (Rowena’s words), there we found the Queen herself sitting elegantly on the throne, dressed in a bottle green dress with her flaming red hair piled on top of her head in a swirl of curls.
For the first time, I watch as Jimmy’s eyes look at me in fear, but he sits up, staring me straight in the eye, and says, “Dean and Sam Winchester, hunters of demons and Castiel an Angel of the Lord. Demons are real, and you hunt them; Cas is an Angel. How am I doing so far?”
But now was not the time to sort it out. He needed to get his act together and get his head on straight. Friendly Queen of Hell or not, they were still going to Hell.
I give Sonny a secure email address to send on the information and after a couple of minutes of catching up, we hang up, with Sonny still thanking me.
His eyes never leave my face while I clean him up. Cas sits down on the opposite side of the bed and takes Jimmy’s hand gently, mindful of the cast.
“Siobhan. How is this going to be accomplished? Your strength, even you said it’s not back at full power?” Sam asked
I laughed softly, “Of course I’m sure, that’s what I was trying to tell you before you left the kitchen, did you really think I was going to leave you here, you are my best friend and I just got you back, but Cas you don’t even know what you’ll be doing with me”.
“Then you met God, who told you some horrible truths, so what’s that, four, five six, well it’s a lot in such a short space of time. We understand if you want to hold back on this until you regroup. Siobhan, we got this. You do know we do this for a living, right???
Robin looks at him curiously “You know, Prom, school dance, it’s kind of a big deal when you’re a teenager”
But he also needed to keep his distance from her because of his deal with the Empty. He could not let his feelings for her grow any more than he had.
“Michael, it's time to go back inside. Sam and I need to speak to Rowena,” bending over to meet his eye.
Cas takes the flowers from me with one hand and grabs my face with the other, pulling me in for a kiss. Mmmm, first date kisses are the best.
At the entrance to the yard, just beyond where the outer sigils are, is Jimmy, still dressed in his hospital gown looking like he’s paralysed to the spot. The menacing presence that used to be Adam Richards holding him in a tightening grip.
Regaining my balance, I said to the boys, “This a basic but effective move. As you can see, its designed for you to escape and run, not fight. And it’s particularly effective for smaller people against a bigger opponent. So, who wants to try?”
Jackie closes the door and smiles at us, “He’ll be fine. If he does want me to come back in, just call me. I’ll be manning the nurse’s station for the next hour” she squeezes both our arms as she leaves the room.
Producing the bouquet of flowers from behind my back, I grin cheekily, “Not on the first date anyway.”
Cas and I have both taken off our t-shirts when we went in swimming and I see Cas glance at me now and seems to do a double-take.
Sucking him once more before releasing him, I kneel over him and gaze down into his eyes. “I can continue, or I can do what you wanted to do”.
I hurled myself into my brother's arms after dropping the tray on the nurse's station, earning me an evil eye from the on-duty nurse.
I could hear someone shouting, but I didn’t care. I didn’t care about anything but Dean and Siobhan.
If there was a reluctant hero in all this, it was Siobhan. She didn’t want glory, she didn’t want worship, she wanted family. That’s what she was fighting for here.
Dean’s face is white with shock at my outburst, and I feel awful for making him feel worse. I round the bed, dropping to my knees in front of him.
I nodded my head, “That’s good news. Maybe he’ll like a bit of his own space. He seems to like books. We should get him some more”.
At the door to Jimmy’s room, the Sheriff conferred with the deputy on duty as I hesitated to go in. The Sheriff looks at me and says, “I think you need to hear this as well Dean, as his legal guardian.”
He looked at me and said “Dean, lets look after her” and he walked towards the bedroom. Sam looked at me as if to ask was I good and I nodded at him “Thanks Sammy” and I followed Cas and Siobhan down the corridor.
“Just that shit we think is important, who we are or supposed to be, doesn’t really matter. All that matters, we allow ourselves to be who we want to be, allow ourselves to be happy”.
Cas’s gaze softened, “I know gender is important to you, Dean. I know my vessel being that of a man’s is not what you usually enjoy so I would like it to be enjoyable for you. But I also want you to be comfortable. We could practice now if you want”
Helen smiles softly at me, “I know. I hate this too. But sometimes there’s nothing we can do. In the past, Jimmy has always wanted to go home. Needed to be there to help his father. This is the first time he’s hesitated”.
We start with the bumper cars. Cas takes Michael, Eileen takes Joseph, Sam takes Nicholas while Jimmy takes Keith and I stay with Miracle. For the next turn, Cas steps out to hold Miracle and I climb in next to Michael. I hadn’t been in a bumper car since I was a teenager and for these boys it was their first time. Hearing their screams and laughter is the best sound in the world.
All too soon, it was time to leave. Hunger is the main reason, having worked off our lunch with our exertions.
Standing on the sidewalk, I consider what to do before heading for the Impala. Gunning the engine, I head out of town in the opposite direction from home.
On the weekdays, at 10am they start their schoolwork. The local school here in Hurleyville sends over class work for the boys. I may not have the best schooling myself, but I help with the homework if I can.
Lying in bed, I was sandwiched between Cas and Dean. Dean was lying on one side and on the other Cas was half sprawled over me, his head on my chest, with his arm thrown across my body to wrap around Dean’s waist.
I knew I had gone a shade of pink and resolutely did not look behind me at Cas as I followed Sonny into the house.
Scrubbing my face with two hands, I lean forward in the chair, “Cas, all they listen to all day is parents trying to bullshit their way out of why Jonny is sporting another black eye or a broken wrist, or why the kid looks like he hasn’t eaten in a month. We need to come across confident and prepared. We can’t give them a reason to doubt us or we’re done”
Dean snorts at the long-ago joke before meeting Cas’s eyes, and they hold their gaze, Castiel stroking Dean’s cheek, “Olani hoath ol, Dean.”
Jimmy laughed, “It’s funny you say smite when you talk about Cas. Especially when he’s named after an Angel.”
There are nods all around with Jimmy asking if he can use the computer to brush up on some of the signs and I agree.
I spun around and there standing with a grin on her face was Rowena. Beside her, looking like a fish out of water was Naomi.
We stepped through the portal and in seconds found ourselves back in the sandbox. Jack wasted no time in bringing us back to the bunker. I was no sooner there when I made a run for the kitchen and emptied what little food I had eaten, into the sink.
Dean sits back on his heels, stunned, “That’s where Sam is now. He’s at Stanford. That was what, crap, what year was that, 2004?”
“You’re not wrong there, Rose,” Cas says coming into the kitchen behind me. “Dean is what I like to call an angry sleeper. Only coffee humanises him”.
I walked out of the room totally embarrassed before I realised I hadn’t a clue where I had to go but thankfully, I heard Jacks voice and made my way towards that.
I grab a takeaway mug and fill it with coffee, telling Rose I'll grab something to eat in Hurleyville.
Jimmy and Michael make their way to the house together, Jimmy keeping his pace to match Michael’s. I can see Jimmy speaking to Michael, bending over to speak into his ear. Knowing Jimmy, they’re probably words of encouragement, to help Michael relax.
“Cas” I whimper, “Oh God, Cas, I’m ………” thinking he would take his mouth away, but he doesn’t. He keeps sucking as I come, jerking into his mouth as he swallows every drop.
Cas inserts a second finger and I gasp up into his mouth, “You are beautiful, Dean in every way. But you are never more beautiful as you are right now. Allowing me to see you like this, allowing me to share in this pleasure with you. It’s overwhelming sometimes”
I couldn’t breathe. My body even felt pleasantly numb. I couldn’t believe what Dean had just asked us. I stared at him in shock while tears filled my eyes. Oh Dean, how long I have waited for you and now this.
I smile as I watch Jimmy. Despite being four years older, he's very patient with the boys. Playing with them, answering questions. Being the good older brother even though in reality he's an only child. He reminds me, well, of me.
We got to his garage and there was a black shiny Porsche Coupe, the exact model that Siobhan had taken. I couldn’t believe it.
“Actually, that sounds great. But until then, I think we can squeeze in another chapter of Harry Potter. What do you think Michael” Cas asked
As I straightened Castiel kept his hands on my shoulders and we just stared at each other. And then I saw something in his expression, just a fleeting look of longing in his eyes that I must have imagined it. Then Castiel squeezed my shoulders once and let go.
Completely overwhelmed I started babbling, “I didn’t think I would ever see you again. It’s been months. Cas what happened, why now. Could Jack not get you out?”
Our fights and oh god, when I kicked him out of the bunker, the look on his face, it still haunts me to this day but now I’m thinking, Cas was in love with me then and I kicked him out. Jesus Christ.
From the moment Dean took the phone from Rose, I’ve watched as Dean got paler and angrier as he listened to Jackie on the phone. So rattled was he that he threw the Impalas keys at me and said, “You're driving”.
A part of me, and I’m not ashamed to say it was a big part of me, wanted to wail and scream and beg them not to let me go through this. I was terrified. I hated pain. Me that took a painkiller for every little ache and pain in my human life.
I didn’t even remember walking to Castiel’s room. I just found myself outside his door. I knocked before I chickened out.
Reeling back at her words, I bit out, “No Helen, what’s hard is sending him back to a house, where he has to walk on eggshells waiting for the next blow. Because that’s what going to happen. I’ve read Jimmy’s file. I know how many times; he’s been here and other homes as well. So, if you don’t mind, I will tell Jimmy that I care about him and that I’m going to miss him, and I hate that he’s going. Because something tells me, he doesn’t hear it at home”.
Cas thinks about it, “Give Jimmy the weekend, Dean. We’ll see on Monday. And in the meantime, we can check in with him”
We break for something to eat after a couple of hours, laying out on blankets and towels. After eating, I make sure the boys wait before going into the water again. Instead, they play a game with the ball, the adults begging mercy to be left to rest.
We walked towards the woods in silence. I needed the walk just as much as Jimmy, not just to work off my nervous energy, but I wanted some alone time with him too.
I watched her go in bemusement. I looked over at Jack who had joined us over an hour ago and he had the same look on his face.
Cas turned and came straight for me, he cupped my face and kissed me. It wasn’t gentle but it wasn’t rough either.
“First, when Siobhan destroyed the Empty, is it true she had the power to control the Angels, well the ones she rescued from the Empty, that if she wanted, she could have taken power and there would have been nothing you, or anyone could have done about it.”
“Dean Winchester do you not remember Lucifer?? And what he did to me?? And when he was caged it was my son that was King of Hell.”
