The last time they did a boardwalk blaze was the end of last summer, and whatever shit Andy had really hadn’t made Dean feel super awesome. On top of that, Jo and Ash had insisted they pool hop on the walk home, and while Dean did
“No,” Dean murmurs softly, warmed by the July heat and by having Cas close. “I know the perfect color.”
“Lady and gentlemen, you are in for a treat tonight,” Andy says with a smirk and a wiggle of his eyebrows. He glances at each of the others to make sure he has their attention before digging in his pocket. Dean bites down on the inside of his lip.
“You better start looking. You leave at the end of this week.” As if Dean didn’t know that.
“Cas, nice to meet you. Welcome to your first boardwalk blaze, man.” Ash grins.
“Gross, guys, get a room.” Sam says as he comes ambling up, but his tone is light. He kicks sand carelessly onto Dean as he tromps over, bucket swinging from his hand.
The storm is long gone by now, but it has left behind a chill uncharacteristic of late May. Dean crosses his arms and ignores his goosebumps as he makes his way around to the back of the motel with his bare feet. He punches in the code to the gate that leads to the pool area, steels himself, and pushes through.
Sam sniggers behind him, and Dean resists the urge to kick him in the shin because there’s no way Cassie doesn’t hear him. He could be projecting, here, but he thinks she blushes pink, high on her light brown cheekbones.
Fumbling in the dark, Dean grabs Cas’s wrist as he makes to stand, and tugs at him.
“Yep, just moved in.” He shoves the last of the sandwich in his mouth.
Dean points at him. “You have - that’s - ”
Dean hesitates. He wants to, he really does. But he also wanted to be brave the last three times, and each occasion he’d frozen up, his stomach twisting and his breath catching and he was sure he was gonna die.
“I’m okay,” Dean says. His gaze remains trained into the sink. He watches Cas turn the water off.
Sticking to the bay side, he keeps as much distance between him and the ocean as he can. He runs, and he doesn’t think, and he never feels himself settle. He makes it all the way down to the inlet and doesn’t rest, just turns to go back north. He runs until he sees the water park up ahead and he still doesn’t quiet. The thought crosses his mind that we could just keep going, run north until he leaves Ocean City and still doesn’t stop.
Dean straightens up to find Cas standing in the middle of the kitchen.
Annoyed, at himself or Cas he can’t really decide, the words come sharper than Dean intends when he says, “Cas, shut it off first.”
Sam grumbles, but does as he’s told, and Dean jams a finger at the power button on the radio, turning on the music.
Cassie hums. There’s a moment of quiet, the beeping of the scanner the only sound. Dean watches her hands. “So, do you leave for school next week, too?”
Dean drags his little brother through the side door back into the motel, pulling the slider shut with maybe a little too much force and locking it. The sound of the storm quiets to a dull roar behind the glass. His heart slowing to a more normal rhythm, Dean drags his eyes from the monsoon to look back down at his brother.
“Check it out,” Sam says, scooping his hand through the wet sand. There’s movement in the moist clump in his palm as more than one sandcrab tries to dig itself back below the surface. “Here.”
“I think you need to be taught some manners, now, Dean,” Alastair croons dangerously, and he comes back at Dean fiercely.
“I found a picture in his wallet, last fall, of him and some kid at a baseball game.” He shakes his head. “A friggin’
Dean keeps his eyes ahead, but he listens.
Dean is left sitting in his bed in the dimness of the room. The dreamcatcher drifts above him, and the stuffed bottlenose of Shelley the dolphin peaks out of the covers. The keys to the Impala are held in his hand, all his, and Dean feels seen and he feels heard.
Well, there’s one way to kill a boner.
“Is that dad?” Sam’s eyes are wide in the dim light.
“Okay,” Dean smiles. “Well, I’m gonna go back to my bed, too. Do you need anything else?”
Gritting his teeth, Dean turns away.
Fifteen minutes later, they pull up at 23rd street, where Jo needs to get off to walk to Andy’s.
Cas shoots him a look, but Dean hears his phone vibrate on the kitchen counter and he gets up to get it. He makes his way back to the couch and opens it to find a text from Jo.
“I deserve this.”
“I didn’t know,” Jo says with a shrug as they file through the gate. “All I heard was there was a keg, and that’s all that mattered to me.”
As the three of them pass through the exit doors and back out into the sunshine, it isn’t the rainforest or the frogs or the sharks that Dean’s mind keeps returning to. It’s the coral reef exhibit that he can’t stop thinking about, and how the tank took up three quarters of the wall space in that giant circular room. He thinks about how the colors were almost blinding, they were so bright, and about how even though the glass stretched far above their heads and almost all the way around he still felt okay, not too anxious because he was too distracted being awed by it to be afraid. There was the hushed, soft way people were talking around them, as if unwilling to disrupt the quiet. It was dark in there, just the shapes of people, shadows moving in and out of one another, outshined by the brilliance that was behind the glass.
“Sam’s signing up for some camp,” Jo says with a shrug. “It’s a slow day.”
His heartbeat hammering in his ears, Dean approaches the door at an angle, so anyone out there wouldn’t be able to see him behind the glass in the brightly lit lobby. Still, he feels uncomfortably exposed, and he swallows. His uneasiness crests and peaks, but he won’t admit to himself that he’s pretty freaked out. Dean knows he can hold his own in a fight, but even thinking that is ridiculous, because as soon as these kids see him they’re gonna run - if it is just kids out there. He tries to convince himself that he has no reason to believe they’re
“I think it’s about time you took that swim, huh, Dean?” Alastair taunts.
“Tomorrow’s fine, Sammy,” Dean says, fighting back a yawn of his own.
“Anyway,” Dean says. “Jo and Ash always get high and then wanna do stupid shit, and we always get in trouble. I don’t know if I want you to have to deal with all that.”
And he twists, lunging for the trash can in the corner and he retches into it. Though he expects gallons and gallons of saltwater to come up, so much that it overflows the bin and floods the room, all that he vomits is bile. His frame is wracked with tremors as he heaves, and fuck, he hasn’t had one of these this bad in a long time, this one is definitely going to kill him -
Dean doesn’t push the matter even though he wants to, but Cas does turn out to be okay. They come up on Cambridge within the next hour, and Cas visibly relaxes just before Dean even sees the water. Cas takes a deep breath, his eyes closing against the breeze, as Route 50 sends them north and they cross over one of the Bay’s tributaries. Dean turns up the music.
“You could’ve just told me you were bi,” Cassie says, and there’s a hint of humor in her voice now.
Dean slips out of the automatic doors before wondering about whether or not Ellen will think it’s weird he didn’t go right back to the apartment, but he’s too distracted to care. Once outside, he has to stop and lean against the building for a minute. He concentrates on the dimly lightening sky as he draws air into his lungs. When he feels like he’s got himself more under control, he heads for room one.
Cas makes a pleasantly surprised noise in his throat but kisses back immediately, his hand falling to Dean’s wrist as the crowds erupt in cheers. He can feel Cas grinning against his mouth.
“Yes - ”
Dean hangs up, places the phone back on the table.
Tessa, right, that’s her friend’s name - Dean couldn’t remember for the life of him. He glances between the two girls, and then at Cas, who shrugs.
Dean had taught him about that, about how cars were ladies and needed to be treated with respect, and Cas had nodded seriously and said he understands now why Dean has a pet name for his. So his use of the pronoun has Dean grinning wider - Jesus, Cas is cute, sitting to his right with the wind blowing his hair across his forehead and calling the car a ‘she.’
Dean can’t say anything to that, with an ocean’s worth of longing in his throat, so he just nods. Sam smiles at him and brushes by to go find his stamps, and Dean stands there in the doorway for several minutes.
Cas makes a happy noise, opening his mouth immediately to let Dean in. Dean doesn’t stop there, shifting close so he can swing a knee over Cas’s legs until he’s in the guy’s lap - there’s just enough room, the top of his hair brushing the upholstery of the roof. Getting his hands around the backs of Dean’s thighs, Cas uses his grip to pull him in flush and Dean goes more than willingly.
Bobby shrugs. “Sorry, kid. I know it’s your call. Just know I’ll back you, no matter what.” He claps Dean on the shoulder, who nods.
Watching helplessly from under the portico, Dean scrapes a distressed hand backwards through his hair before flinching down as another crack of thunder splits the sky.
“Fine, new rule - no holding your breath for longer than thirty seconds!”
“Cas,” he says when he’s gotten himself under control. “Don’t ever change.”
“Fuckin’ try me, Deanna,” she says with a grin.
“I am not. And don’t poke me.”
They both startle, jumping back from one another. Dean tugs his hand back and looks around wildly at Bobby, who’s coming down his porch steps. He’s got a can of coke in each hand.
Squinting at his phone screen, Dean sees that it’s 2:21am. He tosses the phone aside and gets out of bed, wrinkling his nose at the feeling of cold sweat drying on his back.
Outside, Dean’s careful to keep close to the building so he doesn’t set off the motion light. He inches to the breaker on the side of the motel, and swings open the door. After carefully selecting the lever he wants, he flips the switch, shutting off power to the whole pool deck.
“Come in with me,” Cas murmurs.
“I really like spending time with you and your friends,” he says.
“You told me to come here,” he grouches. “Here I am.”
. He’s guessing Cas is feeling the same way, because every time Dean looks at the guy he’s grinning. They win another game of beer pong, Cas spills a cup of jungle juice on the kitchen floor, and Dean has to be pulled down off the coffee table by Jo when people start cheering for him to do karaoke.
“Dean!”
He raises his eyes to find Jody looking at him expectantly.
Dean swallows. He flicks his eyes over Cas’s face, once. He nods.
“Do you need any help?”
, that was awkward,” he exclaims with a grin. “Seriously, Dean, could you have been any
“Yeah, it sounds neat.”
With one more glance out the door, Dean grabs Castiel’s arm.
Dean turns away, chooses instead to stare at the dresser as his insides twist and he feels sick.
Dean shakes his head. “Rent was due the end of the week, of course, and the landlord was a prick. He threatened to call CPS, so I grabbed Sammy and got the hell outta there.”
Sam and Jo had been good distractions from getting restless, and he hadn’t slept too badly the night before. In fact, it was a better sleep than he’d had for at least a couple weeks. Just not since before then.
“No,” Dean says over his shoulder. “I feel great.”
“Don’t do that. Do you think the legs will last longer this time? Or have you got the same amount of time?”
“Wha’z happening,” he grumbles, and turns his head to find Castiel’s face floating very close to his own in the dark. He leans away, blinking rapidly.
Dean doesn’t say anything to that, just nods down at his own socked feet.
- pushes off from the side of the pool and drifts lazily to the shallow end, where it settles on the step, tail stretched out in front of it.
He’s uncomfortably aware of Sam across the hall, behind his closed bedroom door.
“Yes, it is. It’s been a long time since I was able to swim like this.” As if to emphasize his point, Cas curls his tail, and it comes out of the water behind him with a splash. Dean watches it drip before it slaps back down into the water. He stares at the spot where it disappeared.
Dean keeps his voice perfectly steady. “Get out of the fucking car.”
“Well, it includes a field trip.”
“I’ve been reading a lot about the horses.” Sam’s voice breaks into Dean’s thoughts from his left, where he walks with a few towels under his arm and a chair slung over his back.
Dean rolls his eyes, opening his mouth to say something snarky back at him just as the door to number seven opens ahead of them.
Dean thinks he does a pretty good job at not getting distracted.
“Yes,” he nods. “And thirsty.”
“That’s neat, Sammy,” Dean says truthfully.
“Whatever, bitch, she loves me now,” Dean says.
“Have you ever seen a dog before?”
Dean clears his throat. “Can I ask you something?”
The clouds make it seem even later into the evening than it is, and it’s still raining steadily, but Dean hardly feels it. He hits the parking lot running, heading left towards the inlet when he reaches the sidewalk.
“Like I said,” Bobby says with a patient shrug. “I wasn’t tryin’ to make the decision for you. It’s still up to you. But the option’s open.”
The Roadrunner’s driver’s side window explodes inwards with a shatter that echoes throughout the salvage yard. Dean flinches away from flying shards but he doesn’t stop, swinging the crowbar down again. The side view mirror cracks off with a
“He’s just being a baby,” Dean says, and Cas glares at him. It doesn’t have much of an effect, however, being that it’s upside-down with the way his head is hanging backwards over the edge of the couch. It only makes Dean smile.
“At work,” Dean says shortly. He straightens up and punches in the code on the keypad. There’s a beep and a click, and the gate unlocks. Satisfied, he bends to start putting things back in John’s toolbox.
“Like… asking him to stay?” The very thought of that makes Dean’s chest seize painfully.
There’s a soft slosh as Cas startles, and Dean wants to apologize but he’s having a little trouble catching his breath.
“National Geographic channel,” Sam says shamelessly, turning back to his show.
“How come they didn’t come with you?” Sam dumps his cone in his cup and continues eating with a spoon, and Cas follows his lead.
The kid’s in bed but is awake with a book open in his lap. His eyes follow Dean as he closes the door softly behind him before getting down into his makeshift bed on the floor. Dean settles on his back, hands resting on his belly, and he looks up at Sam’s fish tank where it gurgles from his desk.
“Okay,” Dean says.
and a glimmer. Flickering as they come back down, the burning embers fade and go out just as new flares launch from the canisters.
Cas nods. “Yeah, okay. When would we go?”
“No, Cas, don’t apologize. Not your fault, really,” Dean assures. “But you’re okay, sleeping here?”
At that, Dean feels his neck flush and his stomach clench, and he falls quiet. He swallows and looks deliberately out over the ocean, not sure how to respond to that.
“Hey, Bobby.”
“Nothing,” Dean stammers. “Um - I - ”
“God, that is so cool,” Sam shakes his head, as if in disbelief that his life could have suddenly become so awesome.
“This thing broke,” Dean says without turning around. “I had to replace it.”
Cas looks away, but not before Dean sees his mouth crumple devastatingly. It just makes him angry.
“He looks up to you, you know,” Dean says quietly. “He didn’t talk about much, but he talked about you.”
John doesn’t look over, and Dean just waits.
“Do you wanna go somewhere?”
“Hey,” Dean says.
“Uh, yeah, I get a lot in the summer,” he says nervously.
“Listen, Dean,” she says. “It’s up to you. I’ve got no problem tellin’ him I couldn’t get ahold of you.”
Castiel’s shift at Frank’s started at one o’clock. Dean hadn’t offered him a ride there, and Cas hadn’t asked for one.
Dean blinks his eyes open.
Dean points to a group of kids running across the road. “Don’t be like them, okay, Cas? Cops take jaywalking even more seriously this week, and it’s an excuse to breathalyze you. So always take the crosswalk.”
Cas slides his palm into Dean’s, making to tangle their fingers together, and Dean panics. As if he were burned, Dean yanks his hand away and shoves it in his pocket. His face flushes and he doesn’t look at Cas, and he’s saved from having to say anything or meet his eyes as Garth opens the gate and lets them through.
“Yeah, Sammy,” he says. “You can hold my hand.”
It was huge, all lazuli eyes and a tail twice as big as Dean himself, and it was staring at him - and his dad wanted him to go in there with it.
“The sand feels nice on my feet,” he observes pleasantly.
Cas asks about the corn fields and nods along studiously while Sam explains them, and Dean has to bite back a smile.
“You better be,” Cas grumbles. “
“Yeah, no problem. Tell Cas I say hi.”
“Yeah, you would think so,” Jo shakes her head, smiling.
8:26 am
“Ha!” Gabriel exclaims, triumphant. “I knew Castiel wouldn’t be able to keep his mouth shut about me. I mean, who wouldn’t, I know, but - ”
“Hey, Dean-o!” Ash claps him on the shoulder, beaming. “It’s been too long, compadre.”
Getting out of bed with a stretch, Dean collects the empty glasses and heads for the kitchen. He needs to tell Cas that they’re reusable, and he doesn’t have to get a new one every time.
Dean nudges at Cas as they walk. “You have fun tonight?”
Dean smiles softly, skimming his own hands up Cas’s stomach to splay his fingers over his chest. Cas never complains about having to stay in room one.
“You know he’s in love with you, right?”
“You plannin’ on doing anything for me in return?” John asks. “How ‘bout some chores around here?”
He catches Sam’s eye for a second, who looks just as weirded out by this whole scenario. Since when does John Winchester get up early to pick up donuts for breakfast?
“I’m Lisa,” she smiles, her teeth white in the dim room.
“Cas,” Dean says when he can’t take it anymore, and his voice is raw and he barely recognizes it, but this is all too much and he blinks to dispel the moisture in his eyes. “Cas, come here.”
“Hey,” he says quietly, Sam turning from where he sits at his desk. His eyes are wide and owlish in that way that makes him look like a little kid.
“I told you,” Dean keeps his gaze trained at his lap. “He was doing his best, and I can forgive him for the movin’ around, all that stuff…”
They finish the Roman candles and set off the fountains, which don’t go very high but are so bright they make Dean have to squint. They crackle pretty loud, which is cool, but Sam seems to get bored of those pretty quickly and pulls out the big ones. Dean can see him debating, holding a rocket in each hand and looking from one to the other.
Dean pivots out of the doorway until he has his back against the wall beside the slider, out of sight. Heart pounding in his ears and his breath coming fast, he tilts his head towards the open door and strains his ears.
But Dean doesn’t spare Zachariah a glance. He only has attention for Naomi, who he watches warily from around Cas’s legs, because the expression dawning on her face has his gut twisting. It’s as if some thought has just struck her, some realization from Cas’s behavior. Her lips part in astonishment, eyebrows lifting in disbelief, and she looks taken aback.
. Dean feels the panic really start to set in, and he tears around the room looking for something to plug the holes with.
“Where’s Cas?” Dean demands. “Get Cas and get out of here - ”
“Sweet,” Dean mutters to himself.
He can’t tell if it’s twilight or dawn, but there’s a strange lapping sound and he squints out through the grimy pane.
“How long have you… had stomach aches?”
“You knew.”
“Dean - ” John calls, but Dean’s already up and darting to the door, catching himself with a hand on the jamb and swinging himself into the hall.
Dean blows his breath out in a burst. “I don’t know. I mean, sometimes he says where he’s going. But I don’t know, if he doesn’t, I don’t ask.”
“Come, Cas, it’s okay,” and Dean rocks down hard, once, twice - Cas wraps both arms around Dean and holds him close as he comes, his fingertips digging into Dean’s skin.
“Really?” Dean’s genuinely surprised. “I figured it’s a pretty natural shortening of ‘Castiel.’”
,” Dean growls with a point at the backseat, and though Sam is still snickering, he does as he’s told.
“Was work okay?” Cas asks.
“Wait - no, Zachariah - don’t hurt him,
“Dean.”
“That was very fun,” Castiel says. He gets his dolphin back, politely thanking the guy holding it, and they leave through the gate. His hair is an absolute disaster, and Dean can’t help but poke fun at him.
Dean scoffs.
“Of course. You’ve got my cell number still?”
Cas leans down and kisses him.They kiss softly, and as they do, Dean gets a sudden thought.
“I’m sorry.”
And Dean can’t help but laugh at that, his head tipping back with the force of it bubbling up through his chest.
John’s eyes are dark, and they study Dean like he, too, is seeing him for the first time. His eldest son of three, looking at him steadily through the dim midnight room. Dean’s voice doesn’t waver, the words not catching in his belly to twist and sour.
“And I want you to tell me if you need anything. Alright?”
“Well,” Dean says eventually with a sigh. “You ready to head back?”
. He pats his pockets frantically for his phone. When he doesn’t find it, he remembers it clattering off into the footwell of the Impala. Heart racing, he dodges into the hall and makes for the kitchen, where he hears Bobby lightly rattling around.
“Cas,” he gasps, Cas smoothing his tongue over the spot again to sooth it. “Cas.”
“Oh, also,” Cas says as they pull up outside the apartment. Dean puts the Impala in park and turns to him.
“Who are you with?”
Cas hums softly, his fingertips sneaking beneath Dean’s shirt and skimming over his skin. It tickles, and Dean tries not to twitch. Cas must notice, because he smiles.
“Yes,” Cas says, as if that were a ridiculous question, and Sam balks.
Dean hesitates. “Yeah, okay.”
“Shit,” he mutters, before thumbing open his phone and tapping John’s contact.
“Alright,” Cas says with a nod. They regard one another a moment longer. Dean squeezes his hand again. They’re okay.
Dean says nothing, and that’s answer enough for Sam.
Chewing his lip, Dean’s eyes jump away from Sam’s gaze. God, this is stupid - this is stupid and he feels stupid but his stomach has been in knots for days over this. “I don’t know, I guess I just… don’t understand how it makes sense that he gets one.”
“What did we tell you about Sammy and the blankets?”
Cas exhales with only a slight cough, and when he passes it back, Dean lets his fingers brush Cas’s and linger there. He doesn’t miss the discreet glance Cas casts around to the people around them, but Dean’s drunk and Cas looks so fucking beautiful sitting there, with cigarette smoke trailing from between their hands, and Dean doesn’t care if anyone sees him staring.
When Ellen comes through the automatic doors at 5:25, Dean just about jumps out of his skin, he’s so on edge.
“It works,” he says with a smile. “You got it to work.”
Castiel shrugs. “Not very much. I can manipulate small currents. I can make a few big waves if I really put my mind to it, but I’m not very good at it. Compared to some of my brothers and sisters, that isn’t very impressive. I could never make a storm like that.”
“Oh, come on,” Dean argues. “There’s one guy from PG that I have a problem with, and you all have to admit he’s a dick.”
“Seriously, Dean,” Sam says as Dean scrubs a bowl with too much force, his shoulders pulled tight with anger. “What’s going on with you and Cas?”
He remembers the day Missouri had given it to him. It was early in the summer - May, when it was still quiet around the Bunker and Sam was just getting out of school and the very night before there had been that first terrible storm, not unlike the one last night -
“Hey,” Victor grins at them all, and Bela releases his arm so he can hug everyone. “It’s cool to be back. Good old Ocean Shitty, huh?”
Cas finally lets his head fall back to the mattress, and Dean meets his eye.
He doesn’t find out if she does as he asks, because Alastair charges. Dean holds his ground, feet planted, and turns his shoulder into the force of Alastair as he collides with him. They both hit the ground.
“Dean - ”
“What do you mean?” he asks carefully.
Dean cries out and staggers backwards, tripping in his panic and ending up on his ass on the concrete. He scrambles backwards on his heels and hands until his back hits the doors of the shed.
“I’m proud of you, Dean,” Sam says, and his voice is muffled in the front of Dean’s t-shirt but Dean hears him loud and clear and he swallows hard, throat feeling thick. He gives Sam a squeeze, bends to press his cheek into the top of his shaggy head.
“What are you talking about? That’s
“He’s pretty ornery, just so you know,” she mutters as he scribbles his name, his eyes scanning the written list of things John had with him when they picked him up. He nods absently. “You’re a good kid for picking him up, Dean. I think I would’ve just left him here. ”
“I am not. I need another popsicle.”
“Is that Dad?” Sam asks, and Dean glances up from his phone.
“Hell-
“Always.”
Thank you to the wonderful Charli for the beta. <3
Stepping out onto her mat, Missouri casts her eyes around before settling them on Dean.
“Dean,” Castiel says urgently, his voice choked and tight. He smooths a palm along Dean’s flank, soothing. “Dean, are you - ”
Dean unlocks the door and drags it open, stepping onto the deck. His eyes scan wildly, but he sees nothing and the only sound is of his own breathing, labored with adrenaline.
Dean laughs at Castiel’s shell-shocked expression, clapping him on the back. “You won, dude!”
With his shoes squeaking annoyingly on the linoleum, Dean turns down the hallway towards the lobby, Sam trailing after him and continuing to complain. Dean’s gotten pretty good at ignoring him.
“I mean, seriously. You’ve got to be joking.”
When Dean still doesn’t answer, Cas glances away anxiously.
- eyes even deeper than the ocean and just as wide, a powerful tail that gleams and shimmers - it doesn’t take the time to peer at him, this time.
“It’s - good. We got the seats put in, and they’re - you know, good.”
get in.”
Castiel’s expression softens a little at Dean’s words, his lips parting slightly as he smiles. Dean feels like he wants to look away in embarrassment but he can’t, caught in Cas’s gaze. Finally, he clears his throat and pushes himself up in the sand, sitting to face the water.
“Hey,” Dean says to the people playing. “Anyone got next game yet?”
Cas doesn’t answer right away, still regarding Dean, but Dean finally sees him turn back to John in his peripheral vision.
“I will,” Cas nods.
The days pass, and Dean waits for Castiel to tell him that he’s leaving.
“I did have a very favorite brother,” Cas says finally, and his voice sounds different. Quieter, a little sad, and Dean’s eyebrows come together.
The grouchy frown finally clears from Cas’s face and he grins.
“Any other ideas?” He asks.
Ash and Jo both have noticeably bloodshot eyes, and Dean wonders if all of them look that high.
“If I weren’t real, could I do this?” And the monster flicks its tail up sharply, splashing water out of the pool and directly at Dean, who puts his hands up in vain and gets significantly doused down his front.
“What are we watching?” Cas asks as he and Sam get settled on the couch.
Dean huffs and turns back to the dishes.
“But Dean - ”
Through the tears pooling in his lower lids Dean sees Cas’s frantic blue eyes, his frightened expression up close as he kneels down in front of him. He tries to nod, blinking hard, his face trapped between Cas’s trembling fingers.
Jo hoots in his ear and punches him in the arm, and he hears other catcalls from the people around them, but he just ignores it.
Jo is behind the desk, twirling a strand of hair between her fingers and looking bored.
, it calls him. Now I’m not sure who the pet is. Are you this human’s pet, Castiel?”
“Fuck,” he whispers, and his face heats. “I’m - I’m sorry.”
Dean glances to his right a couple of times at Cas, and up towards the rear view mirror to catch glimpses of Sam. They both stare out their respective windows with wide eyes, as if the rising sun is giving the passing condos and shops some new quality they hadn’t seen before.
“Yeah,” Dean gasps, and he rakes his fingers across his sternum.
Dean chokes. It feels like his lungs are collapsing in on themselves, so suddenly that he’s struck hard with the force of it. He gasps, bending at the waist and clutching desperately at his chest, clawing at the front of his t-shirt.
When he can’t take it any longer, he spins the chair around and grabs the calendar off the wall behind him.
“Best Fourth of July ever,” he says quietly.
” he snaps over his shoulder, blushing furiously. He puts the brush down with a little too much force, and it splatters onto his jeans.
“Can I hold your hand?”
“Wha - Castiel?” Dean blinks in the low light, trying to understand what he’s seeing.
“Yeah, we can do dinner here. If we get hungry later, though, we gotta eat the snacks in the car,” Dean says, and the two of them nod at him in understanding.
As he talks, Cas tugs almost absently at Dean’s shoelace with his slim fingers. “We disagreed on some things, though.”
“It’s very comfortable,” Cas calls from inside the car, all the doors flung open wide. “And much cooler.”
8:15 am
“It’s this hot every summer, Cas,” Sam says. “How are you not used to it?”
“Quit moving!” Sam admonishes. “You’re making cracks.”
“I don’t swim,” Dean clarifies, avoiding looking at Cas.
“Are you alright?” Cas blinks at him, unfolding himself from where he had his legs curled up on the cushion.
He hadn’t slept well last night. Cas had stayed in room one again, which recently has been more common than not, and as much as Dean doesn’t need him in bed with him, he’d woken startled and shaken more than once and was poorly rested by morning. It’s left him irritable and brittle.
Gritting his teeth, Dean brushes past him towards the kitchen. “I thought I told you to get ready for bed.”
.” Dean’s not complaining. It’ll be nice to have a few days off from running around whenever some renter needs something.
When Cas doesn’t say anything for a long moment, Dean turns towards him, suddenly worried. Maybe he shouldn’t have said all this. Maybe this was too far into Dean’s personal past, and he’s finally freaked the guy out. Maybe this conversation was a terrible idea. But Cas’s face is cast in shadow, the window behind him, and his expression is hard to read. For a split second, Dean thinks he might see something in his eyes, something that Dean can’t quite identify - guilt? - and it makes him nervous - but maybe he’s imagining things.
Cas surges upward, a hand around the back of Dean’s neck to pull him down into a hungry, open-mouthed kiss. His fingers still inside him, Cas pushes them deep and Dean needs him. He lets Cas stretch him open a bit more, rocking back onto his hand, before Dean reaches blindly for the bottle on the seat next to them.
They all whoop at Cas as he pulls on the joint until it’s just the papers burning, and Jo takes it from him to stub it out. Cas coughs, and Dean claps him on the back a few times.
“When?”
He picks his way over to the pool with the net held in front of him like a weapon. It’s ridiculous, he knows that for sure, but it does make him feel a little more secure.
“Long time no see, compadre,” Ash greets.
“My lungs still work, yes.”
“Hm,” Cas murmurs, beaming up at him. “I was hoping so.”
“Sam - ” John says, his voice sticking a little, and Dean knows it’s a question.
“Tell me about them.”
His dad had been yelling, rushing back and forth, and Dean’s lifejacket wasn’t buckled. The fire was hot, hotter than the sun and closer. Dean couldn’t remember where his mom went, or the last time he saw her.
“You believe you alone can come on land, Castiel?”
And then Sam shrugs, nonchalant, and he says the exact thing Dean had been praying for him to say so he didn’t have to be the one to voice it, but at the same time what he was dreading from his very core. And he was right to dread it because as soon as the words are out of Sam’s mouth that feeling swells over like the inexorable tide and into his throat so he loses his breath and there’s no pushing it back now.
“I don’t wanna pressure you, but it’s gettin’ close to decision time, I think.”
If Dean didn’t immediately know who it was just by the sound of the slimy, nasally voice coming from behind his shoulder, the way he sees Jo’s face darken from across the table sure confirms it.
“But you’ve eaten them,” Dean says with a look.
anymore, but he can tell himself now that it’s only because he’s too tall to fit comfortably in the tub. Pool parties can sometimes be awkward, but Dean’s gotten good at making excuses as to why he can’t get in the water. Excuses other than the fact that he’s a stupid baby who’s afraid to freakin’ swim.
“You can start by doin’ the dishes for your brother.” John nods his head at their four empty bowls.
There’s Rufus, resting a leg casually as the drain pump loudly chugs water from the pool. Out of breath, Dean rushes up to the edge. The pool’s already half empty.
“Shh,” he whispers into Cas’s hipbone. “You’ll wake Sammy.”
Sam looks up from where he sits at his desk, pushing his shaggy hair out of his eyes with a hand. Kid needs a haircut, bad.
He twists his tongue around Cas’s at the same time he twists his wrist, and he doesn’t even notice that Cas’s hands have left him until he hears the cap of the lotion snapping open. Cas breaks the kiss.
wants to.
“I apologize,” Castiel says, lowering his voice. “Is this better?”
“Uh, tomorrow, I think,” he says, trying to keep his tone light. Even he can hear the false offhandedness in his voice. His phone rings in his pocket.
Cas picks up the pace, Dean matching it with the speed of his fist on his dick, and it isn’t long before Cas has two fingers inside him and Dean is gasping.
“I was just,” Bobby gestures with the sodas. “Bringin’ you boys somethin’ to drink.”
understands,” Zachariah says pointedly, “is that loyalty trumps all else. She knows the importance of obedience, and her only
Taking the bottom of his t-shirt in both hands, Cas rucks it up until Dean gets the hint and helps him drag it up and over his head. Settled against the pillows in nothing but his sweatpants, Dean watches Cas silently. He lets his knees fall open, giving Cas room to kneel between them as he comes to hover over him with a hand on the mattress on either side of Dean’s torso.
Sam nods. “Yeah, I’m okay.”
“Wait a second,” Dean says. “You wanna go to
He thanks her and collects his groceries. He wishes her good luck at school, and the smile she offers him is soft around the edges.
should disobey my family?”
When he finally gets Dean off the ground, Bobby leads him inside. He says little as he gently cares for Dean’s bleeding hands, picking a couple of splinters of glass from his knuckles. He glances at Dean in sympathy when he applies the antiseptic, Dean hissing sharply but otherwise saying nothing. When he’s finished, he ushers Dean to the back bedroom, pulling back the blankets and muttering to him to take off his shoes before climbing in.
“Last step, kid. Well, you’ve got inspection, too, but I looked her over the other day and I think you’ll be good. You did a nice job with her, Dean.”
“Almost
“No - yeah, I’m fine,” Dean nods, his breath catching on every inhale. He’s fine, he just needs a second. Fuck, please just let him breathe, before Cas thinks he’s losing it. Before he
Benny comes through the door and makes his way over to them with a couple of glasses of water and some menus.
Finally, Dean turns to face him again.
“I called you a hundred times,” she accuses.
“Did you take us out here to murder us?” Sam says, exasperated at being kept out of the loop.
“Um,” Cas hesitates, and looks at Dean.
you here? How long are you gonna stay - ”
Dean glances up to see Cas nod, and for a second Dean is caught looking at him. Pupils blown impossibly wide, Cas has a flush over his chest and neck and his hair is a mess and he’s just about the most dazzling thing Dean has ever seen. Without preamble, he takes Cas’s cock in his hand, rock hard, and slicks him up.
dead,” Sam yells from beside him, raising his voice over the deafening downpour.
“Absolutely,” Cas says. “More than okay.”
“Thank you,” Cas says, and the absolutely dopey smile he turns on Dean makes him laugh.
He finds both Sam and John in the kitchen, Sam at the table with a bowl of leftover soup and John slamming around in the refrigerator.
“We can do this, buddy,” his dad whispers.
“Bowlegs,” Cas repeats, and he looks intrigued, his eyebrows creasing just a little in the middle. “I like them.”
When Dean doesn’t answer, Ash pipes up. “Dean and Al brawled at some party, and got the cops called on them,” he grins. “It was pretty badass, actually.”
“Nothing. I was just wondering why you’ve been so weird about Cas getting a job, that’s all,” he says, looking right at Dean.
“Well, as you know, I live in a pod with my brothers and sisters. Well,” Cas admits, tipping his head, “and their mates, but they’re now considered my family as well. We don’t come into contact with other pods very often.”
“And he was in your pool by that night, I guess.”
“C’mon, Cas,” he growls. “I’ll get you a shirt to wear.”
“You’re incredible,” Cas murmurs, and Dean’s caught in his gaze, unable to think of a coherent response.
His mouth still twists a little as he watches Cas walk away. Shaking his head, he turns his back on Cas’s retreating form and heads towards the pool.
When they break apart to catch their breath, Cas says, “Now who’s not watching the movie?”
“Alright, Sammy, cool it,” Dean says. “Leave the poor guy alone. Why don’t you tell us about Assateague today with Ellen and Jo?”
,” Dean says with a chuckle, and stops him with a hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay.”
Dean had stared at it impassively for a moment before dropping it in the trash.
“So you wanna tell me what’s got your panties in a twist, kid?”
“Bobby - ” Dean’s voice breaks. “You - what?”
“Fuck, you feel so good, Dean,” Cas gasps out, him and his fucking mouth, just as Dean grinds down to feel a blossom of that familiar flare deep inside him, just briefly.
“‘Cuz it’s faster.” Dean brushes past Sam and heads for an open belt.
“Hang on, dude,” Dean says, spinning him around. “Put this on your face first.”
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Is that… okay?”
He slinks through the door to the lobby, and creeps down the hall that comes up around the side of the front desk. A peek around the corner shows the spinny chair empty, light spilling out from the doorway to the back room. He can’t remember who’s working the night shift tonight - was it Ellen? He thought Jo had said something about Ellen having to train a new manager at the Roadhouse one of these nights, but John’s truck was gone earlier, meaning
“You’ve known him a long time?” Cas picks absently at a thread at the hem of his shirt, and Dean watches his long fingers.
Blood splurts down his face, and with an enraged bellow, Alastair charges forward and body slams Dean solidly in the chest, and they both go down hard.
The broom hits the cement with a clatter that reverberates around the walls, and in four long strides Dean reaches the shallow end and hoists himself out of the pool onto shaky legs.
Dean can’t help but laugh at that, though he’s quick to muffle it. “Cover up, Casanova. Geez.”
Sam looks sheepish. “One hundred and ten dollars.”
“My apologies. I was just trying to prove a point.” The guy - the
“Yeah, I get it.”
“What the hell, Cas!”
Dean shakes his head at that with a smile.
Dean nods. “Yeah. I just don’t wanna get caught if Sam comes out of his room.”
“You so are,” Sam says, crouching by his bed to tug on his shoes. “It’s like you’re not even excited for him. You haven’t been since he said he wanted one.”
“Um, this is Castiel,” Dean says, and he steps out of the way so Castiel can come forward as Missouri holds out her hand to shake.
When he sees the eyes on the other side of the glass, he’s not surprised.
As much as Dean really wasn’t thrilled by the idea of sitting in the car for an hour to go hang out on the beach with ponies, he still finds himself crammed in the backseat of the cab of Ellen’s truck bright and early Thursday morning. Sam had been excited about all of them going, and Dean had felt too guilty to say no to the kid.
They wander through the aquarium for a few more hours, and it’s late afternoon when they finally leave. Cas and Sam chatter excitedly as they all make their way to the exit.
It’s past 11 o’clock when Dean finally heads back to his own room. Sam’s eyes had started to droop where he sat in his desk chair, and Dean had felt bad keeping him up much longer. After ushering the kid into his bed and attempting to rustle his hair, which Sam lightheartedly dodges, Dean wishes him goodnight.
They approach the end of the inlet and turn left onto Somerset, towards the boardwalk and Jolly Rodgers.
Dean laughs. “There you go.”
“Hello,” Cas murmurs, the corners of his mouth lifting softly.
Dean finds them a cheap diner outside the city where they crowd into a sticky booth and eat breakfast. Sam blabbers on the whole time about everything he wants to see - Fort McHenry, the art museum, the science center - Cas listening with interest, Dean nodding along in amusement.
Not understanding, Dean is suddenly wary.
With a glance and a nod at Sam and Dean, John shoulders out of the kitchen. Dean hears John’s soft “Hey” as he answers the call, and then the sound of his bedroom door shutting.
“Yeah, thanks, kid,” John says, and Dean falls quiet. Sam glances between the two of them, but John doesn’t look up from his drink. “Listen, I’m taking off tomorrow night. Some stuff I gotta take care of. Won’t be long, I’ll be back early next week.”
,” Sam hisses, righting the broom and being extra careful to shut the shed door quietly. He holds up the inner tube. “I got it.”
Cas crawls into the fort first, and Dean enjoys the view of his ass as he does before following. After shuffling around for the remote, Dean finally finds it and clicks the TV on and they settle against the half dozen pillows on the floor.
“Damn right this is your fault. If that pool’s not ready by this weekend, that money’s comin’ outta your pocket, you hear me?”
“What do you mean?”
“Cas? Everything okay?” Dean’s guts are in knots and his eyebrows pull down in concern. He reaches for Cas’s elbow.
“About how
you guys were hiding something,” Sam straightens up and points an accusatory finger at Dean’s chest. “I can’t believe you didn’t tell me, you jerks!”
Cas takes a steadying breath, and his voice is softer, more controlled, when he says, “Dean, I still think - ”
“Cas told me about it,” Dean says. “A little, at least. About his fascination with humanity, or whatever. How they hated it.”
“I’m gonna get in the shower,” he says, changing the subject. Cas nods.
“I wish I hadn’t been so scared of how much I love you.”
“I can’t help it.”
“Well, nice job, Cas. Seriously, good fucking work with that.” Passing a hand over his mouth roughly, Dean wants to dig his fingers into his ribs hard enough to crack them but he doesn’t. “And then - after all that, you have the nerve to tell
“My name is Castiel.”
Castiel’s eyes widen comically when the Impala roars to life, and Dean smirks.
He’s truly pleading now, desperate. He should be humiliated but he’s silenced by the blade pressing more deliberately into the delicate place beneath his jaw, and the people watching gasp, are whispering about calling the police, and Alastair shushes him.
out.” Cas has his eyes squinted against the sun, leaning back in the dirt with an arm slung over the dog. Dean tries to ignore him. “Aren’t you hot?”
“No, I’m okay until tomorrow,” Cas says with a shake of his head.
“Okay.”
Meg’s eyebrows shoot up. “Oh, is he now?”
Dean doesn’t even care that he’s getting all wet as he snakes an arm around Cas’s shoulders and clings to him, Cas rucking up Dean’s t-shirt as he clutches at his side.
“Dean.”
She swivels her eyes back to Dean, leveling him with a scrutinizing stare over Cas’s shoulder. Dean refuses to look away, silenting fuming as he meets it with his own challenging glare.
“His name’s Adam,” Dean finally says.
It turns out a loose V belt pulley was the problem, and John hands Dean the tools to tighten it. Though he hesitates at first, Dean takes the wrench and gets to work.
“Yeah,” Gabriel concedes, but he tips his head thoughtfully. “But ‘humanity’ usually meant you.”
“Yeah, it gets pretty busy,” Dean says, trying to keep his tone light. His fingers twitch with the urge to rub at the side of his ribcage.
“Alright?” Naomi questions loftily.
Sam convinces Castiel to let him bury him in the sand, and Dean smirks as he watches Cas’s failure to resist the puppy-dog eyes. He watches in amusement as Cas’s body disappears a little at a time until he’s just a head sticking out of the ground. Cas thinks it’s about the funniest thing ever, looking down at himself and seeing nothing but sand.
Sammy gazes back at him, interested in this new game. He coos, his little fists waving towards Dean’s face, and Dean shushes him gently.
Cas tilts his head.
Flicking off Sam’s light, Dean pulls the door most of the way shut before heading back down the hall. He leaves the apartment through the door to the lobby.
Dean and Cas exchange equally bewildered looks, and Sam traipses into the bathroom, practically bouncing on his feet.
“You’re full of shit, you did not,” Dean argues with a grin as he tries to catch his breath. He leans his hands on his knees and breathes heavily, his heart pounding in his ears. He does get some satisfaction seeing that Cas isn’t breathing much easier.
Cas turns to him, chuckling. “Yes, we did.”
Eventually, Dean rolls to face the wall.
,” Sam finally says. “Like - from the ocean. You have a
For a long moment Dean stands there, in the middle of the room in his t-shirt and boxers, trying to get his thoughts together and ignoring the angry turmoil in his belly.
They kneel there in front of one another on the bedroom floor, the room dark but for the dull radiance coming from Cas, which just outshines the neon sign outside the window. One of Cas’s hands brushes up over Dean’s forehead and through his hair, his fingers light, while the thumb of his other hand brushes a tender path back and forth across Dean’s jaw.
“He said he recognized you,” Gabriel deadpans. He lets out a scoff, shakes his head towards the horizon. “That kid, I swear.”
He clears his throat. “Pardon?”
Finally, after what feels impossibly like hours, he comes up on air. He hits the sand.
The second hit he takes is smaller, but he holds it in his lungs longer as he hands the joint off to Cas.
“Holler if ya need somethin’,” Benny says before leaving them to their burgers.
“Cool,” Dean says with a nod, that stupid fucking smile still plastered on his face and he feels like a total douchebag. “I’ll go do that.” He makes to walk away, but stops in his tracks when Bobby says his name.
You got in!” The kid sounds thrilled, and Dean can see his grin out of the corner of his eye and he can’t look directly at it.
“Dean - ” John says, his voice coming out soft but Dean doesn’t care to hear it.
“Yeah, okay.”
“Look at me.”
“So you two just swam to shore and then caught a bus home, or what?”
As Dean’s hand travels back down, Cas props himself up by a palm next to Dean’s head so he can follow the movement with his eyes as his other hand moves desperately over he and Dean’s cocks. Breathing heavy, Dean doesn’t hesitate as he reaches down behind his balls until he finds the heat between his legs, circling the pads of his two fingers over his hole once before pressing a fingertip into his ass, and Cas lets out a choked, “
After laying the final dish out to dry, Dean leans against the counter to text Jo, a quick message that he’ll meet them at the boardwalk tonight. Her response comes in seconds and has too many capital letters for Dean to deal with. With a shake of his head, he shoves his phone in his pocket just as the front door of the apartment opens down the hall.
A sneering chuckle, one that comes from a woman and makes the hair on the back of Dean’s neck stand on end.
Dean spins so fast he’s caught off balance, and he catches sight of a dark-haired sea monster that broke the surface of the water and is now holding onto the concrete ledge of the pool, where it had apparently just placed the net that had seconds ago been floating across the middle.
Dean’s mouth twists, and he finds he can’t hold Gabriel’s gaze.
“Is he around?” Jo asks.
“So, senior week starts tonight,” Dean says.
“Your friends are very funny,” Cas says when they settle in their seats. His eyes are still red and he looks at Dean from under heavy eyelids.
Dean sniffs, wipes his nose on his sleeve and his chin trembles with what swells up inside him.
Hesitantly, Dean takes Cas’s hand as they walk. He laces their fingers, and doesn’t think about who might see them, because the way Cas’s smile widens makes it worth it.
“Who’s Sammy?” Castiel asks. “You’ve mentioned him a few times.”
After Dean drops Sam off, making him promise not to forget to put the milk in the refrigerator, it’s just about two o’clock and he heads off again towards Devereaux’s pet store. Against his better judgement he lets his mind wander on his way there, to dangerous territory.
“You’re a good man, Dean,” he says. “Your daddy’d be proud to call himself half the man you’re turnin’ out to be. And that’s the damn truth.”
“Let’s get pizza,” Cas says as they walk away from the prize counter. “I’ll pay for it.”
“Yes, sir.”
To no one’s surprise, the party does eventually get busted. For the size that it was, it’s pretty impressive that the party lasted as long as it did, considering how strict the cops are during senior week.
“Rained for over a week, so I’m not all that surprised,” John is saying, but Dean hardly hears him. He’s thinking of grey suits, and stony expressions, and what felt like a fist around his lungs. He had wondered vaguely how they’d gotten in, but hadn’t thought too much into it at the time.
Somehow, Cas manages to maneuver his legs into the tub.
“Alright, I’m gonna show him some others, Sam. Don’t leave here,” Dean warns.
“It feels weird!” He says with a grin.
For dinner the night before, Dean had toasted bread on the stovetop, loaded it with all the shredded cheddar he found in the fridge and had called it grilled cheese. Sam and Cas hadn’t complained, though.
Dean can’t help himself. Once he’s started on talking about the Roadrunner he can’t stop, and he hardly notices that he’s chattering excitedly while Cas listens intently, though at times he probably has no idea what Dean’s talking about.
Jo punches him in the shoulder, hard, with a laugh. “You’re full of shit. They didn’t even see us.”
“It’ll be way busier here in a month when it’s actually summer,” Dean says to Castiel. “It’s kinda touristy, so you see some interesting people.”
“You just graduate?”
“That was very funny,” Cas manages to get out, tears in his eyes.
Tongues twisting together hotly, Dean focuses on the feeling of Cas’s hand on him and his weight over him, and it doesn’t feel like enough. Dean reaches down to work his own hand into the front of Cas’s sweats. He guides Cas’s hips closer until they’ve each got a hand around their cocks and they’re thrusting up into the tight space created by their laced fingers.
“Yeah? Like what?” Dean resists the urge to reach out and touch the wet ends of Cas’s hair. He’s so close, it would be easy.
One of their regulars, Miss Moseley, is sitting in the chair that she keeps under the portico outside of her usual room, number seven.
“It’s alright.”
“Seriously, dude, drop it. I’ll see you in the morning,” Dean says.
Dean lets Sam hang out for a while longer. Cas creates a gentle current in the water, small swells that rock Sam in his inner tube and send it floating in circles around the pool. It’s relatively calm, but is enough for Sam to get a kick out of it without making Dean nervous.
The people standing near are no longer shouting excitedly, no one egging the fight on. They hiss to one another, “
“Yes, sir,” Dean replies. The stir fry just about done, he reaches up into the cabinet for bowls, Cas stepping out of his way.
Dean recognizes that for what it is - a way out.
There’s a bitter taste in Dean’s mouth, rising up from his throat. It tastes like disappointment. Slowly, he asks, “They didn’t say anything else?”
Sliding a hand around the back of Cas’s neck, Dean drops to his knees and drags Cas with him, guiding him to the ground where they’re lost amongst the wheat swaying above their heads. Cas goes easily of course, willing beneath Dean’s hands, and when Dean pushes him onto his back where he flattens the grass he pulls Dean along by the front of his shirt. Settled over him, Dean kisses him open-mouthed.
“A few times,” Cas says.
Sam was right -- it is much roomier on the inside than he expected. It’s not tall enough for him to be any more upright than a crouch, but there’s plenty of floor space. The TV is inside, playing cartoons on a low volume, the light from the screen casting a dim glow throughout the hideout. The low coffee table sits in front of it, and it’s obvious that the two of them have made progress on Cas’s puzzle. There are pillows covering the floor, and it’s actually quite comfortable.
“Don’t,” Cas whispers. “Don’t pull away.”
,” Cas puts a finger to his lips to stop him, knowing it was coming.
“Don’t be nervous,” Dean says as he pulls the Impala up outside the store. “You’re gonna do fine.”
“Would you like to touch it?”
“Dean, don’t - ”
“Do you mind if I stay here until morning?” Cas asks. “I’m really feeling a lot better.”
Cas crawls up Dean’s body, and as Dean stretches up to kiss him he slides an arm around Cas’s waist and gently rolls him, until Cas is on his back and their positions are reversed. They kiss softly, tongues meeting briefly, as Dean settles over him. Dean tangles a hand in Cas’s boxers at his hip, pausing as if in question, and Cas gets the idea and starts pushing them down.
“Shh, I know, kiddo,” his dad murmurs, and Dean grips handfuls of his dad’s shirt in his six-year-old fists, squeezing his eyes shut. “You’re gonna be okay. We can do this, right?”
“Of course,” Dean says, and he stands. “As soon as I wake up.”
His one arm, the one that Cas has, is cool compared to the rest of him, the only part of his body under the shade of the umbrella. They had taken it from the Bunker and it now lays in the sand on its side with Cas curled beneath its shade, creating a wall between them and the other beach-goers. It’s a crowded day, but in the seclusion of their little hideaway it almost doesn’t feel like it. Dean’s amulet is warm where it rests against his sternum.
“Yes, Sam - ” Dean says, hands held up as though they could defend him from Sam’s excitement.
He doesn’t, though. When he comes up on 28th street he slows. His calves are burning and his shins are sore, and he’s hot beneath his sweats. His t-shirt sticks to his chest but he doesn’t do anything about it. At the light, he crosses the street at a jog. Someone honks at him as they speed by.
Dean rolls his eyes at that.
Dean nods, stepping up to the counter. Jody sets the tray of John’s things at her elbow and passes him a clipboard and a pen, points to where he needs to sign.
“You’re… alright, now?”
Dean chews at a thumbnail and stares out the windshield, his chest tight and his stomach hurting, filled with something that he wishes were anger but feels a lot like grief. He jumps when there’s a warm touch to the back of his hand which he didn’t realize was digging at his ribs, and he looks down just as Cas is covering his hand with his own. Cas tangles his fingers with Dean’s, and Dean doesn’t stop him.
“I bet she worships you,” Dean says with a smile.
“You’ve outcast yourself,” Zachariah’s voice is disdainful. “Your family feels betrayed. Even Inias has stopped asking about you. You’ve gone adrift, Castiel, and you’ve torn yourself from your family in the process. Tell me - has humanity been what you’ve dreamt? Has it been worth it?”
His dad’s voice sounds thick in Dean’s ear, pleading, and Dean wants to do as he’s told, he does, but he can feel its eyes boring holes in his back and the water sloshes as it flexes its giant, glimmering tail -
“Quit smiling at me like that,” Dean grouches at one point, feeling heat creeping up his neck.
Maybe not, but Dean thinks he hears disapproval in Cas’s tone, and it bothers him.
“So,” Dean says. “What’s your plan for tonight?”
They’re like that for a long while, the two of them sprawled together in the dirt, Bobby holding Dean as he cries and Frazier whining in worry from the end of his chain. The Roadrunner sits beside them half destroyed, glass tinkling as it falls from the bashed windows.
Cas nods, and Dean stares at him a moment as if to decide if he’s joking.
Dean feels like an absolute piece of shit.
“You tell Bobby you’ve got a mess to clean up at home, and you get your ass back here pronto, boy. We’re draining the goddamn pool.”
“It’s a school in Boston,” Ash says with a nod.
“I bet he misses Cas,” Dean says into the dark, and he hears Sam still.
“Yeah?” Dean says, encouraging.
“That’s enough,” Cas growls lowly.
Before Dean can say anything, John grumbles, words slurring, “‘M goin’ out to the car.”
“No, uh,” he says, swinging his legs over the side of his mattress. He rubs a hand over his face. “I’ll - I’ll come get him.”
“That was weird,” Sam says, mouth still full, before swallowing with a gulp.
In the dark, with the light from the TV behind him, Cas is mostly in shadow but Dean can just make out the curve of his smile.
“Who’s Jody?” Cas asks with a frown.
The beach is different here. The dunes are broader and have a lot more foliage on them, spanning for miles all the way down the shore. There are no buildings lining the water, no motels or shops or condos. It’s quieter, without as many people, and the crashing waves sound almost louder in their absence.
“Exactly,” Cas smiles and looks at him softly, his eyes crinkled a bit in the corners and Dean can’t help but brush his hair back from his forehead affectionately.
“He’d be sprawled all over me, all night long. It was awful. But then we came back here, and for the first time we had our own rooms. And I hated it.”
“Here,” he says gruffly.
“Yes.”
Splinters scrape Dean’s elbow raw as he lands on his side and skids, a grunt escaping him as the breath is forced from his chest. Alastair is on top of him and they wrestle, grappling at one another as each of them try and strike a sensitive body part. Dean’s trying to get the heel of his hand forced up into Alastair’s windpipe, but Alastair’s got his arms halfway pinned and Dean’s being blinded by the flash of more than one person recording video of the fight.
“Would that be alright?” Cas asks.
Dean gives Cas some clean clothes to change into, and finds an extra toothbrush in a package under the sink for him.
“Hey,” Cas says sharply, and he steps half in front of Dean with a scowl.
“Was that okay?” Cas murmurs eventually.
This time it’s much easier when Cas reaches around with lube-slick fingers. Dean tries to concentrate on stroking both of them as they slide easily between his cheeks. Cas finds his hole and circles it with a fingertip and it’s too much for Dean to focus on at once to keep kissing him so he just breathes into the corner of Cas’s mouth, lips parted and wet. Dean pushes his hip back into Cas’s hand until his finger breaches him, smooth with lube and sliding in easily. Dean’s mouth falls open.
“I don’t need anything,” Dean murmurs back, and tries to catch Cas’s mouth again but he stays out of reach.
They work side by side, not sharing many words between them. Dean glances at his dad from time to time when he knows he’s not looking, as they take apart pieces of the Impala for inspection.
They watch long enough for Sam to win some tickets, and he shows Castiel how they come out of the machine and how you have to rip them off. Castiel nods studiously, taking all of this very seriously, and Dean shakes his head with an amused smile.
- ” Dean starts, incredulous, but his dad raises his eyebrows challengingly, and Dean stops. He grits his teeth. “Yes, sir.”
7:52am
“Get the fuck off me - ”
“Nice day, huh?”
“Thank you,” Castiel says politely.
Between Sam and Cas, the mess they’re making on the picnic table is pretty impressive. Dean gets up for more napkins, and asks for a couple cups and spoons while he’s there. He passes them out to the two of them.
“Look at all these tickets!” Sam exclaims, and Dean and Castiel turn to him, where he’s bending to retrieve them from the machine. “Four hundred tickets!”
“Are you mad at Dad?”
“Sure.” She passes over their bags, which Sam takes. “I’ll see you guys around, I guess.”
“Yeah,” Dean babbles breathily, nodding. “Yeah, it’s good, it’s okay - ”
“Dean.”
“If you insist,” Cas says, sprawled over the couch.
There was the salt water, the fear, the pain in his lungs, and there was the sunlight glinting through the surface of the water. He was sinking.
Dean gives a half shrug, not sure what to say to that.
“Oh,” Cas hesitates, tilting the sander and turning off the switch. “Sorry.”
“What is this stuff?” Cas asks, bending to get a closer look.
“ - and all of it,” she sneers, ignoring his protests, “for one human.”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“The ocean?”
“Just drop it, would you?” Dean growls.
. “And it’s sort of rude for you to tell me that I’m not, quite frankly.”
“And you gotta understand, Dean,” Bobby says, voice pitched low and careful, and Dean braces himself. “Your daddy’s made some screwy decisions. And he hasn’t done right by you, or your brother. But none of that’s your fault. You hear me?” His shoulders pulled up high, Dean can’t get himself to respond. “Don’t think you’re to blame for any of your old man’s choices. They’re his choices, and they got nothin’ to do with you.”
“They do. Mer
“Why?” Dean demands, and he’s angry now. “You got a problem with that?”
“No.” Dean shoves the stupid thing in his front pocket and sits back on the couch.
“I know that you - I understand that you don’t like to talk about it. But, I - I know that you want to go. And I think that you should, that - ” Cas swallows, shuffles his feet in the sand. “ - that you shouldn’t stay around here just because your father wants you to.”
“Oh, shit. It’s like seven o’clock. I’m gonna get some sleep. After you dry off, come to the apartment and make yourself some cereal or something.”
.” The guy shoots him a nasty look, and Dean clenches his hand into a fist and then Jo’s there, ushering him across the sidewalk.
“And Castiel,” she says, worried brow pulling low over her dark eyes, “is he…?”
“You’ll get used to that,” Jo encourages. “That was pretty good.”
“Bobby - ”
“I had fun today,” Dean says. He quirks up his mouth into a half smile.
“Where we used to live?”
“I like stingrays,” Cas says with a smile. “I think they’re cute.”
Sam just scoffs at that, and while Dean isn’t completely sure what that means, he doesn’t say any more. He takes a breath and turns back to the road.
“Yeah?”
,” he says. “Jo, you said no pool hopping.”
After about an hour, Dean finally gets the fence done. He was sure to stay focused on his task this time, and not let his mind wander into any dangerous territory. Packing up the paint supplies and putting everything where it belongs in the shed, Dean wonders if Sammy’s almost home. Being the last day, he’s pretty sure they were supposed to be let out early.
“I’d learn a lot,” Sam just says, and Dean knows they’re coming before they do, and yep - here come the puppy dog eyes.
Across from him, Bobby shakes his head. “No problem. Your call, kid. You just let me know, alright?”
“Oh,” Dean says, and he grabs it from Cas’s hand. “That’s nothing.”
“Dean, Dean, it’s okay,” his dad reassures, but Dean can barely hear him over his own sobs. He tucks his face into his dad’s neck and clings to him, absolutely hysterical. “Dean, shh… It’s okay, bud. It’s okay.”
Unable to explain, Dean just shrugs. He pushes his food around, and he can feel Bobby watching him. What he says next takes Dean by surprise.
“Is this okay?” Cas asks, and Dean nods.
“Woah, woah,” Dean says, tensing, his breath catching in his chest with real fear. “Hey, come on.”
Trembling so hard his teeth rattle, Dean fumbles to stand but can’t, and Cas puts a hand on his back and he flinches away violently. Fuck, this is exactly what he
Cas is still asleep when Dean makes it into the bathroom of room one, his head tipped gently against the side of the tub. Not wanting to disturb him, Dean’s about to head to his own bed when Cas stirs. Their eyes meet as Cas wakes.
“No.”
In the kitchen, Dean grabs a red popsicle for himself and digs to the bottom of the box for a blue one because he knows it’s Cas’s favorite. Cas smiles when he hands it over.
“That’s practically Fenwick. How are you planning on getting there every morning?”
Dean couldn’t stop staring, at the time. He was captured by the beauty of it, and couldn’t look away. There was Cas, standing completely still before the tank, face tipped up and eyes wide and so impossibly blue in that moment, the light rippling across his features and Dean had just stared. Cas’s profile was sharp, illuminated by the dancing colors he stood before. He had raised a hand and laid his palm against the glass, at shoulder height, and the ocean recognized him.
“No,” Dean says, glancing up at the street number as the bus pulls to a stop. “I mean, yeah. Sorry, yeah, I’ve got - storm windows.”
Dean jumps, startled, as a large shape emerges from below them, drifting across the sandy bottom with a relaxed sort of glide.
“You sure?” Jo says, giving him a light and affectionate punch on the arm.
“I like
Rufus greets him with a nod.
He pauses, briefly. Jesus, he doesn’t even like to think about what could have happened if Sam had been there, and it makes his stomach twist painfully.
“You’re both nerds.” Dean tosses his toothbrush into the cup and Cas and Sam do the same.
He half turns again, arms sudsy.
“Yeah, I want to, I want - I want you, Cas, can we - ”
“It’s not only that,” he says conspiratorially. “
“I’ll write you a check, but you gotta do the rest to get registered.”
It’s tedious, and the sun just gets hotter as the morning progresses. The fence takes hours, and by noon he’s sweaty and cranky and his stomach is growling. He’s also pretty sure he’s got paint on his face, from the time he tried to wipe at the sweat with the brush in his hand. Rufus whistles as he cleans out the gutters, and Dean lets his mind wander.
Cas tips his head to the side with a frown. “What’s the matter?”
Not knowing what else to do but just needing to be away, needing to be alone, Dean goes to the bathroom and locks himself in. He turns on the shower immediately, mostly for the sound, and leans against the sink. He stares down at the cracked porcelain, hands gripping either side and he expects them to shake. They don’t.
“Dean, listen - ”
“Call me when you need picked up,” Dean says again when they pull away, his voice quiet.
“Your total. Thirty-seven eighteen.”
“Well,” Dean says haltingly. “We should go. I’ve gotta make sure Sammy’s gotten home okay and has eaten something.”
Dean swings his legs over the side of the pool before he can chicken out, sliding his feet into the water.
Their breathing comes down, settling in the warmth of each other under the roof of blankets.
leave here. Got it?” Dean reaches for the door, and Castiel nods with a muffled reply that Dean doesn’t quite catch but assumes is in the affirmative.
Cas hesitates for a moment, and then shrugs.
Cas wipes tears from his eyes, still grinning, and Dean just glares at him.
Scraping a hand up into Cas’s hair, Dean slides his other arm around his neck and kisses him fiercely. It’s reciprocated enthusiastically, Cas’s mouth wide and eager, their tongues sliding. They pant into each others mouths, but the sound of their breathing is drowned out by the downpour battering the car around them.
Cas stiffens at that, his bare shoulders pulling tight. Uncomprehending, Dean breaks eye contact with Naomi to glance at him.
Dean blinks against the light of the open refrigerator, a rectangle illuminated on the cheap vinyl floor and broken only by the shadow of John crouching in its doorway. He hesitates.
They drive past the water park on 30th street, which Castiel seems intrigued by (“Well, shit, I guess you can’t really go to a water park, can you?”) along with a few of the countless places for mini golf (“It’s actually pretty boring, but that place there gives us free games because they have a picture of Sammy in their advertisement from like five years ago.”)
Gently, Dean leads his dad down the hall. He catches a glimpse of Cas stepping back into his room as he turns around, but is confident that his dad didn’t see a thing.
Cas gasps, his body curving towards Dean, and when Dean pulls back an inch to look at him, it’s to see Cas with wide eyes.
They actually look a little loose around Castiel’s narrow waist, but Dean tries not to think about it, or look for too long. They’ll work fine.
“Well, that coulda gone worse,” Dean mutters.
“Dean.”
“Have you done these things before?” Cas asks.
Cas turns to him with a frown. “What?”
“Switching back and forth, that’s okay? It won’t, like, mess you up or anything?”
“I’ll come home most weekends, and holidays. It’s less than three hours away, so I can still be here to help out when you really need me. But I’m not staying around the motel forever.”
“I changed my mind,” Dean says shortly.
Dean glances at Cas on the other side of the car. He had let him pull the Roadrunner around to the back, and Cas hadn’t done a bad job. He had seemed a bit nervous, but had lit up with quiet pride when he’d put it in park and Dean had given him a gruff, “nice job.”
Dean chokes, and Sam snorts. It takes Dean a minute to recover from his coughing fit, his face burning and his eyes streaming. His voice comes out as a croak.
Dean takes a bite of his sandwich and nods. “Yeah.”
At the ticket exchange counter, Dean and Cas lean against the counter side by side as Cas picks out his three pieces of choice - two Twizzlers, and a lollipop.
“Cas,” Dean moans, and his voice sounds desperate. He should be embarrassed but he isn’t, too worried about that heat low between his hips. Cas’s fingers aren’t enough at this angle. He wants all of him. “Cas - ”
Finally, Dean stops in his tracks. Behind him, Cas pulls up, too.
“I think Dean should start refilling it now, and should sit out here and wait ‘til it’s done,” John says as the three of them stand at the edge, Rufus getting the hose fixed into place. Dean can feel the weight of his dad’s gaze on him, but he keeps his eyes down. “What do you think, Rufus?”
With a theatrical flourish, Andy produces a sandwich bag from his pocket, nearly three quarters full of weed. Ash hoots.
- !” Cas’s voice rises hysterically, but it sounds like it’s from far away as Dean’s ears begin to ring.
Before Dean can say no, Bobby’s eyes flit behind him, towards the Impala, and he frowns.
He wanders down the hall. Sam’s fish tank bubbles softly, just faintly over the sound of the TV. There’s light from John’s room, the weak warmth of his bedside lamp gleaming around the edge of his door where it’s cracked open a few inches. Dean stands outside. He knocks, softly.
“It’s
Cas nods. “I’m glad, too. It’ll be nice for you to be able to sleep through the night.”
“Will he be upset about our pillow fort?” Cas asks, and Dean turns to find him with a concerned expression.
“I - ”
“Hey, Jo,” Dean says as he and Cas come up to her. Dean leans his forearms on the desk in front of her.
Dean sits on the lid of the toilet.
Dean chuckles, and accepts a cigarette from Ash when he holds it out.
“Estuaries are very important to marine ecosystems,” Cas says. “Not only do they provide critical nesting and feeding habitats for a variety of aquatic animals, they’re also vital temporary homes for migratory species.”
Cas glances up at Dean’s face. “Naomi and Zachariah are very… specific. About how we should live, and behave. They expect us to follow suit.” Dean thinks he sounds kind of bitter, there, and he finds it interesting.
“Just one of our regulars. She’s here almost all year round. Gives palm readings and tells fortunes and stuff - kinda creepy, if you ask me. But she’s real nice.”
He finds the Roadrunner around back, parked outside. It had been in the garage so it wouldn’t get rained on before being painted, but Bobby must have pulled it out to get the garage ready. Dean rounds the car slowly.
Dean stops in his own bedroom briefly to set Missouri’s gift on his dresser, and then he and Castiel go to Sam’s.
Dean blinks. “Dad went grocery shopping?”
“You’ve got a lot of nerve, saying this shit to me, man,” Dean growls. He points at Cas accusingly, stepping closer across the sand, but Cas holds his ground. “You, of all fucking people, have no right to tell me - ”
“No, it was probably… a pair of earrings that washed up, or something else reflect-y. Yeah.” He nods to himself, feeling like a complete crazy person. “There’s nothing in the pool. There’s just seaweed, and junk, and definitely not a sea monster.”
“Oh,” is all Dean says to that.
“I’m just fine, Dean, I’m just fine,” Missouri says in her feather-light voice as she adjusts her shawl on her shoulders. “I wanted to say congratulations, dear, on your graduation.”
John shakes his head and surveys his youngest across the table. “A hundred and ten bucks, Sam. To splash around in the bay.”
“Oh,” Dean rubs the back of his neck and smiles a little sheepishly. “Thank you, ma’am.”
His gut swoops at the sight of it, a feeling like that moment at the top of a ferris wheel, or the split second of being caught in the tide as it draws back into the ocean, and he’s jolted with it. He feels far away from himself. As he stands there, the cavern inside him breaks open - like an underwater abyss, it sucks everything into its endless depth. It’s the feeling that’s been chasing him, and he’s finally splintering. It cracks the hull of him to take on water, and he’s left gasping.
want Cas to have to see.
“Don’t talk to me about obligations,” he says. “Or about ‘fucking off for God knows what’ - because you’ve been doing that our whole goddamn lives. And I’m tired of pretending I don’t know why.”
“That means no,” Sam huffs behind him.
“It’s miserable, truly,” Cas insists, dragging his seat belt over himself.
“Oh.”
“I think I need water,” Cas gasps, head still bowed over the trash can.
“Is this car yours?”
“But no one can locate Gabriel?”
“Now, you’ll take this, boy, because you deserve it,” she says in her most stern voice, and she takes Dean’s hand and closes his fingers around it before he can object. “You make sure you hang it up, alright? It won’t work unless it’s hung. Now, who’s this?” She turns to Castiel, attention completely diverted from Dean, indicating that’s the end of that.
Dean nods. “Yeah, alright.” He swallows, and suddenly can’t quite find the words to express the all-consuming gratitude sitting heavy on his chest. “Bobby, I - ”
“Yeah, I’m sorry,” Dean says. “I’m okay, though.”
“He said that I was staining the family by leaving, that I was disgracing all of them.” Cas’s mouth twists. “And he… just before I left, he said - ‘I hope humanity is worth it.’”
“Well, she and Ellen are going to Assateague again some time soon and wanna know if the three of us’ll come.”
Not for the first time, he thinks that Cas is a horrible liar.
“Dean! Dean, hey!”
Flat on his back, Dean gets his bearings. He stares up at the ceiling and he breathes - he’s got sweat beading on his forehead, his muscles tense, and Sam is sprawled across the bed, half on top of him. Scrubbing his hand over his face, Dean gently scooches out from under his brother so as not to wake him and sits up at the edge of the bed.
Dean turns around to find that water has seeped into the shed from the shoddy foundation, and puddles are forming around the couch where Sam sits.
Dean’s drying the last of the dishes when Sam shuffles back into the kitchen, hair wet and wearing one of their dad’s old t-shirts over his pajama pants. The only reason he’ll wear the shirt is because it was Dean’s for a while after it was John’s.
“Don’t worry about it, John,” Rufus says. “I’ll run the hose a couple’a hours tonight, and then I’ve got all day tomorrow. I can let it run while I do some shit around here.”
Cas nods. “Okay. I’d like that.”
Dean scoots to the edge of the toilet lid and leans forward, reaching out. He brushes his fingertips across his tail, feeling the scaley texture, and then yanks his hand away. “
“But do you
Dean grins and kisses him again. Hovering over Cas with a hand on either side of his head, Dean nips at Cas’s lip and he opens up. Their tongues twist together, and Cas makes a sound low in his throat that Dean can’t help but respond to by pressing in closer, chests flush. Dean’s careful to avoid grinding his hips down into him, as much as he really
They walk quietly for a few minutes, the salty breeze ruffling their hair and the ocean crashing a ways to their right. Dean catches Cas glancing over his shoulder at the water.
“I never wanted to hurt you!” Cas finally shouts, and Dean freezes. They stare at one another, both breathing hard. “This - it was never my intention. All this time, that's what I’ve been trying to avoid - ”
Dean drops Cas off at work the next morning. Though Cas had insisted that he could walk the eight blocks to the pet store, Dean had waved him off and told him to get in the car. The whole way there, Dean’s trying to figure out what he’s going to do for the day with Cas not around.
During the day, Sam and Cas hang out a lot. Dean isn’t sure what they get up to all the time while he’s working for his dad, but it makes him feel oddly warm in his chest when he thinks about how well they get along. He doesn’t study the feeling too closely.
“Twelve, in Ocean City,” Gabriel nods. “And I’ve got two in Bethany, one in Fenwick.”
After a moment’s hesitation, Dean nods.
Sam shrugs. “We didn’t know.”
“Yeah.”
“Thank you,” Cas replies pleasantly. “I take very good care of it. I rub it with kelp and jellyfish frequently.”
Dean doesn’t miss how they all glance at him.
It’s here, like before. He feels its presence, just like he has every other time. He slows.
“All I’m saying is I was totally up front with you back then, Cassie, telling you things I’ve never told anyone, and you nailed me with it - ”
Almost bashfully, Cas’s mouth lifts in a smile, and Dean feels himself echo it. Before he can stop himself, Dean leans in, careful to angle the glowing end of the cigarette away from both of them, and kisses Cas on the mouth.
Dean says nothing, feeling trembly and not trusting his voice. He’s hyper aware of his wet jeans sticking to his legs.
“It’s not the same as the real thing,” Sam complains.
Dean and Cas approach to see a long, narrow tank that winds snakelike along the wall. It only comes up to Dean’s waste and is open at the top so it’s easy to see down into. Just as they catch up to Sam, the kid leans over and reaches out as if to put his hand down into the water.
He can hear the TV playing as he kicks his shoes off in the hall. The apartment is dim, the only illumination from the light above the stove and the flickering glow from the living room. He finds Sam cross-legged on the couch, eating from a bowl.
“Woo!” Ash hollers, and he bends over his knees to catch his breath. “I think one of them almost caught me.”
John trudges into the kitchen, glancing at his boys with a gruff greeting as he makes for the fridge.
Dean glances behind him once to make sure that the door to the motel room is still clearly in his sight before he steps onto the wood and pads towards the end. He keeps his feet light, careful of splinters.
“Hey, make room.” Dean comes over and nudges at his knee, and Cas sits up.
“With purple accents,” Cas adds, and Dean shoves at his arm with a shake of his head.
“Squirm all you want, Dean,” Alastair pants as he forces Dean’s head turned with a palm on his face, pressing the other side of it into the wood of the dock. “I’ve got you, this time. Payback’s a bitch, huh?”
.” Sam calls back finally, and Dean smiles.
“No worries, man,” he says, easygoing, and Dean wonders if he’s already smoked some before he came. “We’re glad to have you.”
“What, sex?”
“What do you mean?”
“Hey,” Dean says, nudging at his leg with his knee and offering him a smile that he hopes looks reassuring. “You’ll do great.”
Castiel smiles warmly, and Dean’s chest flutters aggressively and he has to look away. He’s saved from saying anything else as Sam walks back towards them from the water.
It’s when they go to Assateague a few days later that Dean really snaps for the first time.
He drops his head and shuffles to the mattress to drop carefully onto it. Crawling to his spot by the wall, Dean settles on his back with his eyes trained on the ceiling, and he waits for Cas to lie down beside him. When Cas sinks back into the pillows and they’re both lying still, Dean carefully counts his breaths. He gets to eight. Then twelve. Seventeen.
Slowly, a smirk forms on Cas’s lips and Dean can’t take his eyes off of it.
“Hello?” he says, and his voice sounds way too loud in his room.
Cas shakes his head. “Dean - ”
“Three seventy-two,” Dean says, watching intently and nervously chewing a nail.
“The way you just told him, just now, you just told him you were going because it
He looks up at the sky, which is clear and cloudless, but he can’t shake the feeling - water lapping over his shoes, then up to his calves before he knows it.
the car to fix up if it weren’t for him, and certainly not the tools and parts to do it with. A graduation present is what Bobby had called it when he’d pulled the tarp off the old thing those weeks ago. Dean had stuttered at him like an idiot and at first had refused to take the gift, but Bobby insisted.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says, and he means it.
“She sure does,” Ellen nods, casts a glance at Dean. “Although I’m expecting her to come home most weekends. At least until the weather turns, I reckon.”
Reaching over the side of the bed, Dean braces himself to keep from falling while he yanks open the bottom drawer of the nightstand. Rifling through its contents, he feels around until his hand closes around a bottle. Not bothering to close the drawer, he shuffles back to Cas with the lotion.
Naomi and Zachariah had caused that storm out of anger because Cas deliberately swam away - and it’s only now that Dean is putting it together. He’d always had suspicions, always knew Cas was hiding something about that night, but he’s never pushed him on the matter. Now, he wishes that he would’ve.
“Sorry,” Dean debates between the couch and the mismatched armchair for a split second before choosing the chair and plopping down. After his dangerous daydreaming earlier, and whatever that shit was in the kitchen just now, it’s probably best if he puts a little bit of space between him and Cas. Unless he wants to risk completely humiliating himself in front of Cas and his little brother.
” Sam blinks at the two of them, looking incredulous.
“Would you just listen to me for one second?”
“Good morning.” Cas’s voice is unbelievably gravelly with sleep.
The three of them start putting the groceries on the belt before Dean notices who the cashier is.
“Dean and Cassie
“Uh, yes, ma’am,” he says. “Everything’s fine.”
“Yes, sir.”
Cas doesn’t reply right away, as if he was expecting Dean to ask something that he wouldn’t want to answer. He seems relieved that he didn’t.
“Knock it off,” Jo hisses at Dean, but he continues to glare daggers at Alastair over her shoulder. He feels a hand close around his arm, and he’s positive it’s Cas.
The weekend passes sluggishly, and the weather only gets hotter. It’s a good thing the pool was finished by Saturday morning, because there are people in it every day, from open to close. Jo had been right when she’d predicted that the Bunker wouldn’t fill up completely, but it comes pretty close. Dean notices some familiar faces, people who tend to stay at their motel every summer, but there are also some new folks, touristy-looking types who most likely came from out of state. Why they chose ‘Ocean Shitty’ as their getaway destination, Dean isn’t sure. He guesses if you don’t live here all year round, it might have more of an appeal. The fact that he doesn’t like the ocean might have something to do with why he wouldn’t choose this location though, too.
Shutting off the water, Dean lays the bowls upside down on a towel to dry. “In a minute.”
“Fuck - ” Cas says, pulsing over he and Dean’s fists and onto Dean’s belly where his shirt’s been rumpled up. “Fuck, I’m sorry - ”
Skimming a hand down Cas’s side, Dean slides it around to his lower back and pulls him in until they’re flush, chest to hips. Cas comes willingly, pressing himself down into Dean, and he licks his way into Dean’s mouth.
Abruptly, Frank says, “You want her?”
“Jellyfish are the least compelling creatures I know,” Cas deadpans, and it makes Sam laugh and Dean crack a smile.
been about what I want, actually. So just this once, it is. And you can’t make me feel bad about it. Can you?”
Dean spins to look at Sam. He’s curled up in his mound of purloined motel blankets, and he’s six years old and his eyes are huge and trusting in the dark.
“Anna understands, she’s not like - ” Cas says, and there’s a plea to his voice, the anger slipping away like water between the fingers of cupped hands, and Dean knows he’s lost.
“Hold on - how long have you been on land?”
“Shut the hell up, Deanna.” Jo punches him in the shoulder, and Dean chuckles.
They bicker back and forth, and Dean pretends to laugh along, but he feels heavy. When Ash waves Jo off and suggests they go to the arcade, Dean tries to think of a quick excuse to get out of it but they’re all standing up from the table before he can. He gets up slowly.
Castiel absolutely gawks at the Impala as they get into it, and Dean smiles in satisfaction at that.
Cas makes no move to take it. Instead, without taking his eyes from Dean’s, he opens his mouth, and waits.
“Oh,” she says. “I thought - I mean, I remember you applying in the fall, I just figured - ”
Dean snorts. “What, kissing a human?”
“Nevermind. Call me when you need a ride.”
When Dean looks at his watch, he’s shocked to find it’s almost seven am and he’s been talking for all that time.
- he wants Cas all around him and inside him and he wants him completely.
“Thank you,” Cas says.
His shoulders curved down as though with sudden exhaustion, John wipes a hand over his mouth. He looks at the linoleum.
“No. I’ve lived off this coast for several decades,” Castiel deadpans.
Sam’s quiet until they’re walking up the parking lot of the motel.
. Yeah. Hand me that.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, voice catching. He wants to elaborate, say something a little more believable, but no more words come out.
“Yes, sir,” Dean says, and he finds himself biting back a smile.
Apparently accepting that answer, Cas puts the cigarette to his lips and inhales. Because he can’t help himself, Dean lets his eyes flick down to Cas’s mouth around the end of it. The two of them are oblivious to the conversation around them, regarding one another through the smoke that surrounds them on the step. They barely glance up when Jo comes outside to join them, plopping down next to Dean.
“That was disgusting,” he says. Cas nudges him with an elbow and shoots him a look, but he’s also smiling.
Inside, Dean spots Benny behind the counter.
“What’s your name, anyway?” Gabriel asks after just too long of quiet.
“Since when do
And there’s that presence, near him. If he tries to look, his eyes burn with salt water and he has to squeeze them shut, but he can see the light through his lids, it’s so bright. It scares him shitless, and he thrashes.
,” Dean snaps. “Watch your mouth. Put your fucking seatbelt on.”
“It’s quieter in the back, c’mon,” Dean pulls Castiel after Sam, who makes a beeline for his favorite game, a weird one with a Spongebob theme.
“Well, hopefully it’s not as wild as the last one,” Vic says with a chuckle, and Ash and Jo exchange smirks and Dean rolls his eyes. “I wasn’t there, but I heard it was one for the books, huh?”
The party that Jo finds that night is on fourth street. It’s on the bay side, like the last one, but this one is hosted in a house that must’ve cost a fortune to rent out for the week. It’s small, but it has a big yard behind it with a detached garage by the back fence, a large patio - and a pool.
Dean passes her the towels with a polite smile, thinking of a granddaughter of Missouri’s that he's met a couple times, probably come to visit. He looks up to find Missouri’s gaze on him, steady. There’s a moment where Dean just stands beneath her stare, feeling awkward.
“We get to light them off?” Cas asks with wide eyes.
All their beach bags and towels are piled on the seat between Dean and Cas, and they can barely see each other over the mound. Dean has his elbow jammed against the window and his chin in his hand to watch the passing scenery, barely listening to Sam babbling from where he sits up front between Ellen and Jo.
“You wanna tell me where you been?”
“I apologize for waking you,” Cas murmurs back, and Dean hums, his eyes falling shut again. “Were you dreaming?”
Dean swallows a steaming mouthful, and he says, “Me and Cas broke up.”
“I can fucking see that.” Dean heads for the sink, and the pile of dishes that needs washed.
. “Hell of a storm, huh?”
’ that’s in there, loud and clear, but he doesn’t press. He waits for Dean to elaborate.
“I’m not being weird,” Dean repeats, insistent.
The reaction he gets is
“Look at all your sand sprinkles,” he says.
“Sure, sweetie. Oh, by the way, Jo and I are drivin’ down to Assateague for the day on Tuesday if you’d like to come. We’re leavin’ early, but Sam said he’d join us.”
“They don’t know that I like guys, too,” Dean blurts. There it is, out in the open. “I mean, Jo makes jokes, but I don’t think she really
“Anyway, Dean,” John says, straightening up. “When I was drivin’ around I noticed the Impala’s got a rattle.”
“That’s the plan,” Dean says with a nod, slapping a hand on the roof. “We’ll call you if we get stranded out there.”
Dean lets his knees fall open and Cas slots a thigh between them, bringing their bodies flush. It’s unhurried, how they come together, almost casual.
how it went down. I don’t know.” Self conscious, Dean watches his feet as they walk.
“Yes. He was very friendly. His name was Ham, and he had a lot of wrinkles, and he was beautiful,” Cas smiles.
That gets Cas’s attention, his head snapping up and his eyes wide.
“Cas,” he pants. “Cas - ”
“They’re beautiful,” Cas says. He sounds so sincere it makes Dean’s stomach twist almost painfully.
“Who was that?” Cas asks.
“How the hell should I know?” Dean grouches.
“With anyone.”
“You remember that. Got it?” Bobby waits for Dean to nod, and he grumbles, “Good. Now, I’m gettin’ you some more chili, and you’re not leavin’ here ‘till you eat it.”
“This is on me, kid.”
“Dean - ”
“Yeah, I know.”
Dean chuckles. “She sounds cute. But you better not name her.”
Understanding the gravity of what Cas is saying, Dean feels his shoulders sink with the realization. He swallows.
“There he is,” his dad murmurs, and he smiles down at him but his eyes don’t crinkle like they used to. “You gonna be brave for me, Dean?”
“Um,” Dean considers that. “I don’t know.”
He makes his escape from the awkward situation.
Cas’s eyebrows come together a little. “Can I stay in your room?”
“Estuary Explorers Day Camp?” John reads aloud, sounding dubious.
, kid” - and Dean swings once, twice more, before he finally falters. He nearly falls forward with the force of his last blow, the crowbar slipping from his hands with a loud clatter, but Bobby keeps him from stumbling over the hood.
“Here,” she says, and holds out a slice of lime towards his lips. He takes it into his mouth, holding the rind between his teeth. Though he tries to glance around her, he can’t see Cas.
“What are you - ” Cas chokes out, eye wide as he watches Dean’s fingers disappear between his lips, and when he pulls them out they’re slick and glistening, a string of spit connecting his fingertips to his mouth momentarily and Cas gapes at him.
Through the crack in the door, he says, “Bitch.”
“We all know this isn’t the first time we’ve picked him up,” Jody says. “Maybe a night in here’ll do him some good.”
Dean hangs at the front desk a while, helping Sam fill out his forms and goofing around with Jo. It sure is a slow day - there’s a couple that checks out around eleven, but other than that it’s pretty quiet. When his phone rings in his pocket around noon, Dean’s relieved.
