“Don’t…don’t you think… you and I should be… soulmates?” John was almost crying. He could not accept the fact that Greg would be spending his lifetime with another person, that Greg’s soul had never belonged to him.
I may write another chapter of pure fluff to end this. Please let me know what you think in the comments and tell me if you want a fluff chapter (I've got a feeling no one will comment bleh)
So I said to him, “Do not touch me, you don’t deserve it. You know what, they are right about you. You are a psychopath, and you are a wicked man. You broke into my life, messed it up, and then abandoned me like some kind of rubbish. I hate you, and I will hate you forever. You don’t deserve my love. You don’t deserve anything. You can go straight out to the streets and get run over by a car, and I will not help you. I will stand here and see you injured, lying on the road. Because that’s what man like you deserve to be. Leave me alone.”
Shrieks and screams filled the battlefield. John stumbled over bodies. John starts crying, like he normally does on his bed. But for the first time, he cries in front of Sherlock.
At university, John dated a girl called Anne. It went well at first, they dated out, hugged, and kissed like normal couples. Their relationship had been going on for over two months, but on the sixty-ninth day since they met, they broke up. Because John had fallen in love with another girl. John didn’t know how it happened, he was walking down the streets to the laundry when he saw a teenage girl, very beautiful and everything. Her name was Teresa. He stopped for a chat. She flirted. He was tempted. And on the sixty-ninth day, Anne found out. She was so sad and so disappointed. John was so sorry. But it was too late.
“Hi, I... err… I just… want a little chat.” The bright face of the pirate captain popped in and said softly.
He was furious when the pirates boarded his ship and ruined it. He knew, today this battle would certainly be lost, but at least he wanted to die gloriously. He pulled his sword from his sheath.
“I… I…” I opened my mouth to speak, but my throat was dry and no sound came out. I was panicking, partly because I could finally look properly into John’s beautiful eyes, and partly because he was definitely mad at me.
At the mention of his name, Sherlock lifted his head up. “Haven’t you just passed out?” John asked confused.
I was tired of Mycroft’s lectures. I was not a kid anymore, for God’s sake. I had had enough of my childhood listening to him instructing me this and that. I was annoyed of how he always outwitted me, how he always saw through me. I pushed him out. I couldn’t see why he was caring about me so much, why he couldn’t just leave me alone.
“Oh my god, oh dear. Is it you? Is it you Sherlock? All… All these years where have you been? Oh, Sherlock! You have no idea how hard I’ve been searching for you. Oh no…” John was sobbing. He lifted his hand and stroked Sherlock’s cheek softly. “Sherl… I missed you so much.”
“Captain? Captain Holmes? Where’re we heading to?” His crew asked. His train of thoughts were abruptly interrupted.
So why the fuss about dying? At the end, all of us would leave the world with a heavy heart and a broken soul.
I tried so hard, but one moment of impulse made me sputtered out the words I so carefully attempted to hide, but at the same time so desperate to tell.
When we arrived at Scotland Yard, Lestrade was indeed, waiting. Upon seeing him, Sherlock immediately grabbed my hand and kissed it. Lestrade was shocked. Well, news hasn’t spread as fast as I had expected. At least Lestrade was still left in the dark about our relationships. But soon enough he seemed to understand, Sherlock was really protective and was always eager to show to everyone that I was his boyfriend, or more like a pet, actually. Erm, I don’t mind that, really.
“But now go apologize to Sherlock. Tell him about that curse. Tell him you love him.” Lestrade said. “Go.”
The sound of the heavy lock turning and a seep of light entered the darkness of his cage. The sudden rush of light gave Sherlock a headache. Being in the dark for four days now, his eyes were not accustomed to bright light.
Lines of sweat rolled down along Sherlock’s face. He must act, now, as Moriarty was sure not kidding. Sooner or later, he would take his revenge for the sake of the sufferings of Sebastian Moran.
He continued. “But John, I do wonder how, in your drunken state, could you hop on a cab, and the cabbie would mysteriously know where you’d be going to, and take you to Baker Street?”
The woman had not a disgusting look, but I could quite get why John could be attracted to such a woman. I mean, honest, his levels were falling every time, from Sarah and now to this… well, plain-faced… hu…human?
White foam was formed on the azure waters, and he felt just like the bubbles. Drifting, aimless, weak.
An hour later, Sherlock puts his phone down. He stares at John. They look at each other for a while before Sherlock says, “You cut.”
They solved a case. Lestrade thanked them with a bottle of champagne. It’s been three years since John last touched the sharp object in his nightstand.
“Well,” he cleared his throat, “that ship, about 250 miles away, to the north, that’s our target. Go blast a hole in its golden hull! Ready the canons!” He gave the orders with confidence.
“Yes.” The Voice said. “Look at yourself. What plan did you have to win Greg’s heart again? What have you done? You can’t even remember his birthday. But think. What plan did you have to win Sherlock’s heart? Oh, the ridiculous plans! Remember how you spent days reciting the 243 types of tobacco ashes, to impress him! Though you failed. Ha. How many times you’ve wondered about Sherlock’s birthday? Even going as far as to ask Mycroft?”
Sherlock flinched at the voice of Moriarty. "Don't you worry that I'm going to strangle you with my bare hands?" He referred to his unbound limbs.
They went to see the flat the next day, and moved in immediately. John was welcomed… by a house of total mess. The house was filled with trash and cigarette smoke. John frowned.
I heard a soft voice coming out from the gap between the door and the floor. It was surely Mary’s voice, but much more serious and low-pitched. It was like the voice of an agent on work, stony and steel-edged. Puzzled, I stayed and listened.
“Okay, that’s enough now. Romantic tragedy… How very sweet.” Moriarty said in a wicked tone. “But I’m afraid Sherlock has to go now, Johnny-boy, he has the rest of his life’s time to play with me.”
John started with Teresa. It was also pleasant, and they got along well. On the sixty-ninth day of their relationship, John got into a heated quarrel with Teresa on who-knows-what. In a rage, he told her to “piss off” because “he doesn’t love her”. It ended with Teresa crying and running away.
The next morning John wakes with a yawn. Oh crap. He forgot to dress his cuts last night. He knows he doesn’t want an infection, and definitely not Sherlock poking his head into stuff like this. He scrambles to the bathroom, digging for the bandages. He is halfway through bandaging when the bathroom door is pushed open violently.
"I'm taking you to meet him right away." Moriarty flicked Sherlock's face. "And you'll be able to kiss him goodbye."
Two weeks later he was discharged. Sitting on his bed in his old little flat, he remembered how good the pain from the shoulder wound felt. He remembered how the pain seemed to calm him down. He remembered how the pain took him away from reality and into a wonderland of blissful ignorance. He wondered if it would work again.
Lestrade walked into John’s bedroom, with glass vases smashed on the floor and papers crumbled in frustration. Lestrade frowned.
John spat on Moriarty’s hand. Moriarty frowned a bit and laughed. “Oi, that’s a little puppy!” He cleaned his hand on John’s shirt. “Do it!”
Her martini spilled all over the place and wet her dress. I was mumbling sorry for a thousand times when I looked into her face. She was so pretty that I froze, staring at her. She said that it was okay. God, she had such nice voice, like that of an angel’s.
The two men talked for a while, neither acknowledging John’s presence, when they suddenly left for a walk. All the while John was not spoken to.
The torture stopped suddenly, and Moran was already so weak that he was on the verge of fainting. A man came in and removed his blindfold. The sudden vision of colours confused Moran, and he blinked his eyes.
Three months later, Greg had his eighteenth birthday. That day he complained of having wrist pain. At midnight, he got his mark.
Mycroft heaved a long sigh. “Alright Sherlock.” He clutched Sherlock’s shoulder tightly. “Just remember, I love you, and I’ll always be there for you. No matter what happens. You’re always the cute and emotional little brother in my heart. I wish you good luck, and may God bless you and help you through whatever is going to happen to you.”
John felt as if his heart had been torn out. Extreme sadness grabbed his mind. He, too, was crying. How he loved Sherlock, his arrogance, his cheekbones. But they couldn’t. They could never have a future together. He wanted Sherlock to go, to stop loving him, because John knew, deep inside, that the more Sherlock love him, the more he will be hurt. Later.
At the thought of John, Sherlock was torn back to the painful reality in front of him. He was in a box. A metal chest. He could feel the icy touch on his pale skin. He could not stretch his legs. He was in a, kind of, fetal kneeling position.
He was calm. Sherlock was all he could think of now. Silently, he gestured for Mycroft’s men to come in and position themselves.
Sherlock walked to John’s side, and whispered in his ear, “You’d better be careful here. Me and my crew have a bit of a history with you Navies.” He slapped the prisoner hard on the face, and sneered.
“Where am I?” He thought to himself. “Is the professor safe? Has he escaped unharmed?” Worriedness nagged at him, gnawing his mind. He was desperate to protect the professor.
They arrived at the river bank. Across the waters was that abandoned factory that Moriarty used. John took a deep breath. He could do this. He could go to hell again. He could do this for Sherlock.
“I’ve always needed excitement in my life, to keep me from falling apart. First it was cutting, then drugs, then my work. Finally, you. John, you are the high I’m never tired of. It’s always you, John Watson, you keep me right.”
The next day we went for a walk in the park, and dined out at a French restaurant just round the corner. It was one of those diners recommended to me by Sherlock, and I recalled the first time I ate there, with Sherlock. We even got mistaken as a couple by the shop-owner. It was quite late at night and we were out catching a criminal, running through the lanes and roads of London. We got hungry and decided to stop by and eat something first. It was quite a romantic dinner, as I remembered. There was a flickering candle between us, and we sat, facing each other.
“Forget it. All your men would have been dead before they could see where the sniper was.” Sherlock put on his coat and was about to leave. “Quick, there’s not a moment to lose. Each second we idle is a torture to John. Move away, Mycroft.” He motioned to his brother, who was blocking the door.
I have never felt more alone in my whole life. Every moment when I am awake, I thought of John. In my dreams, I dreamt of John. When I’m thinking, I think of John. John is my everything. John is everywhere. I once had him and now he’s gone. I am
“NO! There is not a moment to lose! Let’s go!” Sherlock suddenly yanked open the bathroom door and threw me my coat and my hat. I was in my boxers.
All of a sudden I remembered how cruel he had treated me, and I was filled with rage again. He did not care about me, he didn’t even remember me, how on earth would he love me? That was impossible. He said those words just to make me forgive him.
Holmes shook his head. “Lestrade will never allow it, as you well know. It has nothing to do with Dilly Mitchell, but with the prestige of Scotland Yard, especially now that the newspapers have gotten wind of this sensational and tawdry crime. I saw Lestrade this morning and he’s so puffed up with himself there was barely room enough in the building for him, his ego, and anyone else.”
“We have not had a falling out,” I reassured her. “This is a personal matter. It has nothing to do with Holmes. Nothing at all. But I must go. Tomorrow.” I hated lying to the woman, but it was the only way. “James has promised to look after Holmes and make certain the rooms are not completely destroyed. And to clean up after his messes – or as best he is able to do so.”
“Honour!” He spat out the word. “Fools are honourable! Women are honourable! Your honour has brought you here, Johnny Lad. Doesn’t that make you rethink your notions of honour?”
Holmes sniffed and pushed my hand away. “I will meet you at the front entryway in five minutes. The trap will be waiting to take us to Campton.”
But his words were cut off suddenly. I heard an odd noise, like a low whistle, and felt a blast of air, and then I was falling forward...
He pulled me close to him, so close I could feel his hot breath upon my face. Smell the whiskey. Almost taste the water of life.
“My grandfather, Sheridan, was the Seventh Earl. All in order, no shillyshallying. He married a woman from an illustrious family, Mary Fitzalan, and they had a son, Delafield, the heir to the title.”
“Mrs. Jenkins had him down in the kitchen by the stove, but I thought he might pine there all by himself,” said James. “I hope it was right to bring him up here, sir.”
“I congratulate you on your studied improvement at such an advanced age,” I said sourly. “I, on the other hand, nurse a damaged leg, suffer the remnants of a wounded shoulder, and endure a stomach ravaged by enteric dysentery, as well as an occasional recurrence of malarial fever. And, on top of all that, I am losing my hair.”
“Dollar then,” said Holmes, rolling his eyes. “James, I am counting on you to keep this young rascal on the straight and narrow path. And if you ever think of going astray yourself, remember that I’ll tell your mother if you do!”
And as the Irishman’s affairs took him away from the house for longer periods of time, I stretched my legs, literally, by joining an amateur Rugby club, Blackheath. The Rugby Football Union was in its infancy and let any willing player have a go, and I was very willing. Playing hard in the fresh air after hours in the classroom, or at study, or at pleasing the Irishman, was a welcome relief. The other men took me as I was – they did not ask about my past or question my present as long as I held my own, which I may say that I did quite handily. But the Irishman never came to see me play, although I coaxed him. It was not a place for him, he said.
“I will have it brought,” said Mycroft. “Come, Sheridan.” He reached his hand out and the ape climbed down and took it. Then they both exited the room.
“Well, I am a damned conceited ass. That is part of my charm,” Holmes sniffed. “If the major does not engage my services, then I will undertake the investigation on behalf of Young Charles, forgoing my usual fee. The Griffiths are old family friends, after all. Now, go back to sleep. I’ll be deuced if I’m going to crawl through that freezing passageway at this hour of the night when this bed is so cozy and warm!”
The rain had begun to fall in earnest when the carriage with the crest drew up to the front door. The black horses that pulled it tossed their heads nervously and I did not blame them – apprehension was in the air that morning. The somber servants loaded the trunks and valises while the Irishman paced back and forth, his eyes fixed on the main road before the house, as if he were expecting someone.
“Until I saw you at Cleveland Street. I already knew you had been...” he paused, his expression full of pain. “Been acting upon your carnal needs. With Mick Wiggins. He has always had a passion for you, you know. And I know there have been others, too. The thought of it made my blood surge with jealousy, yet I could not put myself forward. And once you had acted upon your nature, I feared the floodgates would open and you would eventually find someone... else. Someone who could give you what I could not. Or what I wanted to give, but was too apprehensive to offer. Too apprehensive even to admit to wanting.”
“There’s not much what is a secret in these parts, especially with the servants,” claimed Alfie. “We know everything going on, both above and below stairs.”
“It’s nothing but the truth,” said the boy. “Come now, sir.” He pulled his shirt over his head and took a small vial from the table. “A little of this to ease the way.” He poured the oil onto his fingers and stroked up and down the crack of his arse. “I’m only waiting for your pleasure, sir.”
“This is my brother’s house and my family home!” Holmes said defiantly. “If I cannot share an innocent bed with my bosom companion in his convalescence, then be damned what society thinks! Honi sont qui mal y pense! That’s my motto!”
“And therefore shot me in the chest,” I stated. The wound throbbed in sympathy. “Good show, Holmes!”
I healed slowly, but surely. Once the infection was completely stifled, I was able to leave my bed and then Mycroft’s old room. Holmes and James and Harry brought me downstairs for tea and dinner, and eventually outside to sit in Sherringford Hall’s glorious garden and catch the warmth of the afternoon.
He drank down the rest of his glass and put it aside. “I have been doing much thinking since I last saw you.”
“Yes, I know that!” The Irishman’s left eye twitched. “I’m not a fool! I know everything about Sherlock Holmes! More than you know, my lad.”
But it did not happen. Time did not cease. Instead the minutes flew onward and I heard Mycroft’s clock strike four out in the sitting room.
Holmes’ face changed. I can’t explain what I read there. Dismay? Anger? Disgust? I could not tell precisely, but it was something unsettling.
“Gentlemen!” I interjected. “If you must argue, please take your disagreement elsewhere! My patient needs peace and quiet, as do I if I am to treat him!”
I watched the card players a while longer, then went in search of a plate of food. The champagne and wine had been flowing, so the company was now louder and more congenial. I went out on the terrace to eat. There I saw the tall man, surrounded by a knot of admirers, most of them women. I crept closer. He was regaling them with stories of the late war in America. From my eavesdropping I learned he was an American with a large estate in Virginia, and had been an officer on the Southern – the losing – side of the conflict.
“Insufferable ass,” Holmes muttered as Fred left the room. “You will soon learn that everyone here is either an ass or an idiot.” He paused. “But you seem an exception to the general rule.”
I presented myself to my brother, who was not pleased to see me, especially when he learned I had no intention of enrolling in any course of study. But the money my father had set aside for my higher education was not going to disappear and I had a modest allowance from my inheritance. I had sampled the pleasures of Amsterdam, Rome, Alexandria, and Paris, as well as points in between. Now I was ready for those of the capital of my own homeland.
“Were you an artist’s model?” asked Stan, gazing at me with new eyes. “Did you pose in... in the altogether?”
“My files,” he explained. “For my cases. I also have a few simple items for some experiments I’ve been working on. I hope you don’t mind the occasional puff of smoke?”
“Or...” he added with a smile. “Perhaps you thought your young footman had returned to see if he could offer more of his personal services?”
For the next three days I walked about in a muddle, unable to commit myself completely to the program, but also unwilling to allow myself to be taken over by the overwhelming personality of Holmes.
A moment later the game was over. The other players threw in their cards and the bald man lay his hand on the table and gathered in his winnings gleefully.
“Thank you again, Doctor,” she averred. “Oh, you are too good. And you as well, Mr. Holmes. I am going to church now and I will include you in my prayers.”
I wanted nothing more than to strangle him! “Holmes, you are the most confounding creature on earth! You readily insult your body with drugs for your own amusement, but when you are in real pain, then you deny yourself. Is that sensical?”
Having procured the requisite box from a seller of onions and leeks at the vegetable market, we proceeded to Mick Wiggins’ lodgings in an alley off Charing Cross.
I undressed silently and got into bed, turning out the lights so the night nurse wouldn’t come in and complain.
“Does he have a name, this man?” I inquired, more gently. It was obvious that Mick was terrified of the consequences of crossing this sinister blackguard.
“Why ever for?” Holmes frowned. “It is almost dawn. In a few hours we can have a hearty breakfast and then face the major and his son over at Campton Grange. I have a theory about this case...”
“I imagine.” Holmes stood up and began pacing the room. The morphine was wearing off already and I feared he’d resort to another, stronger dose. “These people are beneath you!”
“On horseback!” he laughed. “The beast is tied behind a tree.” It was long a joke between us that Holmes was the world’s worst horseman and could barely stick to a saddle in the best of situations. “I don’t know which will be the death of me first – the deuced nag or this deuced weather.”
“I have waited for this moment so long, Johnny Lad,” he said, almost purring. He pressed his body against mine. He was older than the last time we had been together, but so was I. The Irishman might be evil, but he was also seductive and still attractive. His deep, resonant voice still had the power to enthrall.
One thing I found in every city in Italy was an English expatriate community already well-entrenched. They readily welcomed me, although I had no money or connections. But surrounded by foreigners, we were all Englishmen together and that was enough. They housed me, fed me, lent me money, and advised me on the ways and wiles of the Europeans, as well as directing me to the significant sites of interest.
“Follow me, gents,” Hammond said. “Thommie will collect for the use of the room, but if you’d like some champagne or other such drink, just say the word. We aim to make our clients as cozy as possible.”
At one point Holmes flinched with pain and I thought I had been too forceful. But it was his wound that pained him and not the completion of the act.
“Ah!” he nodded. “Army officer. I should have guessed by the tie. Rather too formal for this lot. We do get some young Guardsmen in here, but not a lot of active duty. I thought of doing stint a few years ago before all this muck in the Middle East. Rum business.”
“I slept...” I paused. The reason I had difficulty rising in the morning was that I often could not get to sleep, or else woke often in the night from unremembered but troubling dreams, as well he knew. “My sleeping habits are of no consequence, Holmes.”
“Moran? Is he your new favorite?” I asked. I tried to picture the man who had shot at us. Was he young? Old? A thug? Or a gentleman? The Irishman had all kinds in his service.
“No, my dear, a coal mine might improve it,” replied his friend, a slender youth in a lavender waistcoat. “They let anyone in here, it seems.”
“No, John,” said Holmes. “Never. Moriarty robbed you of your innocence and your ideals just as he did me. I knew from the start that you were guiltless. You fled from him – and directly into the mouth of war. You have been hurt and wronged by Moriarty more than I ever was. He took advantage of me sexually, yes, but that was only for a short time and I was able to have him banished. But you suffered him for months, for years, when he would not allow you any peace. I have been studying the good Professor’s progress since I was old enough to do so and I know his methods and his mesmerizing power better than any man alive. So how could I blame you for what you had endured at his hands?”
Stan touched my lapel. “Come over and meet Oscar. He’s a real lark, he is! And no fear – he’s a real gentleman, not just chat.”
“Think of how convenient this is, my boy,” said Holmes, lighting his pipe. “We are lucky to have avoided the train. Mycroft rarely uses his carriage and he’s never at the house, so we will have a splendid time in the country, with few intrusions and at no expense whatsoever.”
“If you are determined to kill Sherlock Holmes, then you will likely kill me as well,” I stated. “For I stand with him as close as I can, day and night.”
Holmes recoiled violently at Mick Wiggins’ words. “The Professor? This is what I most feared. Curse the bastard!”
Little did he know how much I wanted to unburden myself to him, but I could not. “It isn’t about trust. I cannot explain. Let it go. Please?”
I took a glass of champagne and made my way through the rooms, observing. I was the youngest guest and certainly the poorest, but I knew I looked well in my re-made suit and silken cravat, so I was feeling confident. I also noted that none of the ‘infamous sodomites’ were present – Lady Percy had apparently crossed Lord Brigham and his crowd off her guest list.
My face went red with embarrassment. It all felt so absurd. Holmes and I knew each other’s thoughts and habits so well, so utterly, but such carnal intimacies were awkward in their unfamiliarity.
“He will not come tonight. He’s already told me so. He rarely comes here, except to change clothes. I believe he lives in his chair at the Diogenes, eating, sleeping, and cogitating in that same position for most of his waking hours.”
“Whatever gave you that idea?” he said. “I have never abandoned London. London is the center of everything, but especially of all my endeavours. I spend part of the year at my college. I hold a chair in Higher Mathematics. Perhaps you’ve heard of me? I have been mentioned in ‘The Times’ more than once.”
Holmes smiled. “You want me to take the pulses of hysterical females and listen to the chests of dyspeptic solicitors, as you do all day? Is that how you would have me use my singular brain?”
“Please sit, John,” said Fred as he slipped into a chair repaired with silver tape. “I hate to be blunt, but I must warn you about Sherlock.”
“They are beautiful,” whispered the Irishman. “And you are beautiful still, in them, John. Captured in your matchless beauty, forever in time. Forever.” And then he laughed.
“He knew,” said Holmes. “But the boy assured him it was merely a youthful indiscretion and that he had finished with such depraved activities. Then Charles lodged himself in London with the intention of petitioning for readmittance to his college. In fact, he was still running wild with his friends from Oxford. And these young gentlemen had introduced him to the more sordid pleasures of the City, including those offered by places such as the Bishop’s Nose and the Black Cat.”
“The dog wants air, Watson,” Holmes reasoned as he paced the sitting room in his ragged dressing gown. “He wants stimulation. The refreshment of a change in scenery. He needs to arouse his canine instincts anew. Pursue rabbits and stalk other vermin. Water new and exotic flora. Dig his claws deep into the soil of Sussex.”
“Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson have their own rooms – and their own beds!” Mrs. Hudson interjected forcefully. “Gentlemen in my lodgings don’t need to share their beds. This is not a common doss-house!”
Our relationship was just as strong, just as companionable, as it had ever been, but with a marked difference. My feelings for him were no longer as for a friend, but for a lover.
Which is worse? Nightmares or total darkness? One tells you that you are still alive, but the other offers peace. Quiet. Oblivion.
“Yes, that’s a good man,” I returned. “Thank you.” Then I waited for him to leave me to my ablutions.
I made it to the top of Sherring Hill none the worse for wear. But the folly up close was a disappointment. What looked white and sleek from afar was actually grey, weather-worn, and crumbling, a pillar signifying nothing and abandoned to the elements.
Mrs. Hudson knocked on the door. “Mr. Holmes, one of your lads is here and wishes to speak with you.”
But of the workings of the heart... those are in that unknown realm where he travels little – if ever.
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Hudson, but it is already decided. Dr. Anstruther will be taking over my practice, so if my patients come calling for me, send them to him.”
“Find him a real position,” said Holmes, pouring himself a cup of tea. “A tall, handsome, and well-spoken fellow like Hopkins should easily obtain work. But he cannot stay here for very long, getting underfoot and mooning around after you.”
The side door opened and another figure emerged. This was a slender lad with black hair and huge dark eyes. He was wearing only a silk robe, which he swiftly doffed. His body was pale and soft compared to the taller man. They made a studied contrast that was quite enticing. I held my breath as they began caressing and kissing each other.
“Begging your pardon, sir, but you have already been told that’s impossible,” said the warder. “You aren’t their lawyer, unless you were called to the bar between this morning and now, and you aren’t a member of Scotland Yard, so what gives you the right to question prisoners accused of a capital offense?”
“But my friend Watson is new. Perhaps he doesn’t know,” said Holmes. “I am merely apprising him of the situation to the best of my ability.”
“Sherringford Hall?” I’d been there as a lad on a school trip. It was one of the great houses in the south of England. The seat of the Earls of Sherringford. “But... your brother?” I didn’t know what else to say.
I slipped off my clothes and swiftly submerged myself in the bath. Before I could stop him, James was vigorously scrubbing my back with a stout bath brush. And, I admit, the warm water and his cheerful ministrations soon caused me to feel more at ease than I had in ages.
“Yes.” I followed Lovell and James next door. “I apologize to you, Lovell. I hope we won’t be a burden to the staff.”
I stood there for a long while. I’m not certain what I was looking for, longing for. If only I could reach out my hand and grasp... something. But there was nothing there. Nothing at all.
I didn’t have any choice at that point, so I did release myself to the moment – all over Holmes’ hand.
“It... it just happened,” said Mick, avoiding Holmes’ gaze. “Don’t ask me anymore! ’Cause I can’t say!”
A young fellow came up beside me. He was dressed like a toff – or how a young man with little fashion sense might imagine a toff would dress – in a bowler hat, checked wool trousers, a coarse linen shirt, and a garish yellow waistcoat, over which was a worn tweed jacket that looked vaguely familiar.
“Some things are,” I replied. “Others... not so much. But I am out to learn. Which is why I’m here.”
Holmes stepped forward. “My dear Mrs. Hudson, if you could accommodate Mr. Hopkins for a while, Dr. Watson and I would be most grateful.”
“Yes, I’m ready.” I stood while the Russian drenched me with cool water and then energetically washed me with his soap and brushes. As usual, I felt quite invigorated by his treatment. Then I lay prone upon the slab, a rolled towel under my chin, as Ivan worked his sorcery on my shoulders, back, and legs. He knew me well and was careful of my left shoulder; although my wound had long since healed, he knew I was still mindful of it and sensitive to any touch.
“They took my key, along with my money and my comb, when I come in here,” Mick said, glaring at Collins.
The Irishman went to the table and picked up a bottle of wine. A single delicate crystal glass stood, waiting to be filled – but only one. “And what do you have of value as pledge for such a loan?”
If we hadn’t brought the dog, then we could have taken the train from Victoria Station and arrived in Chichester well before the morning was done.
“I thought you liked dull, my dear lady?” I teased. “No gunshots emanating from the sitting room. No explosions in the middle of the night. No desperate characters lurking at the door. And no experiments on Gladstone. Isn’t that right, boy?”
One thing that set the Jesuit schools apart then, and still do, is the way the students were strictly kept at all times. I have heard a multitude of horror stories from men who endured the English public schools. Even the highest, like Eton and Harrow, allowed the boys to prey upon one another, the older ones venting their lusts upon the younger lads. The custom of fagging – a junior boy becoming the servant and property, body and soul, to a senior – is an old and vicious one, but one that was unknown in my school. Sins of the flesh were guarded against every minute of the day. A priest was always on duty in the dormitories, seeing that each boy kept to his own bed. ‘Particular friendships’ and crushes between boys were expressly forbidden, boys never being allowed even to walk in pairs, but always in groups of three or more. In fact, when I later heard stories of the shameless things that went on in the schools of my peers, I could scarcely believe them. It seemed that only boys who were privately educated at home, as were Holmes and his brother, and those in strict religious establishments such as mine, escaped being debauched.
“You can see that I am quite well,” I reassured her. I puffed out my chest to prove my point. “And all in one piece.”
“Because I know you, John,” he interrupted. “You cannot feign an attachment. It’s not within your character. You must have felt something for him to be with him, to stay with him, for so long. Remember that I know his power and his attraction. If he were not so twisted with evil Professor James Moriarty would be one of the greatest men in the Empire. Such men are not easily dismissed. There is good reason why he inspires intense loyalty, even if it’s among thieves and murderers.”
“Did you?” said Holmes. “I didn’t know. But I’m not surprised, Watson. You have a certain Jesuitical turn of mind. I find it very attuned to my own way of thinking, which is distinctly un-English.”
We then walked in silence down Old Compton towards Charing Cross, looking for a cab. We paused on the corner. The hour was late and the spring fog heavy over the slumbering city.
“My dear child!” said Lady Percy, kissing me on the cheek. “How delightful you look!” Then she adjusted my cravat. “You need a stickpin to finish the effect. I will give you one of my late husband’s. He won’t be needing it any time soon.” And then she laughed. Lord Percy had been dead for over twenty years.
When I returned from the East, my health broken and my fortunes at a low ebb, I had expected to resume residing with my only living relative, as I had done throughout my medical studies. But upon arriving in London, I learned that my brother Henry, his law practice and business ventures in a shambles, had left for the West Indies in a frantic attempt to shore up his fortunes. Alas, he staked his future in Jamaican rum, but more rum went down his throat than was exported and that business failed as well. To my dismay, I found my brother’s house shut up and the contents, including my mother’s portrait, disbursed. I attempted to trace it, since it was the only family heirloom I cared anything for, but to no avail.
“Me?” Holmes looked shocked at the thought. “Buy a wardrobe? Good Lord, no! It’s probably something Mycroft brought up from the house in Sussex. That’s where most of these pieces came from. The old pile is crammed with tables and chairs and God only knows what. All you have to do is request something different and I’m sure it can be sent right up.”
“Yes,” Holmes said. “A title in return for a few romps in the king’s bed. Undoubtedly this very bed. And that is how pretty Harry Sherringford-Holmes became the First Earl of Sherringford! Isn’t that a fine picture?”
He stared at me, as if trying to read my thoughts. And I fear that he saw anger there. And weariness. And a sharp longing that would never be quenched.
“No matter what Holmes says, I’m fine! And I don’t need a nursemaid for a simple walk to the park,” I retorted.
I do not know if Charles Griffith and his dilemma was on my mind, or if it was the proximity of Holmes in my bed, or some other confluence of memories and tangibilities that brought on the dream, but it came. We have no control over our thoughts in sleep and I had no control over this. But I do know that it was as real to me as when it happened so many years ago when I was only 18.
The Irishman stood and stretched, his face wincing with some deep-seated pain in his back. He looked smaller to me now, as if slightly stooped. And his long dark hair was streaked with grey. He was getting older and his empire was wearing on him. Or else crumbling around him.
“No,” I said slowly. “I think I would very much like to meet Miss Morstan. You are right. I need to get out more. I have been retired from society long enough.
“Please!” he said, gripping my hand. “Let me proceed or I will lose all nerve. For a long time after we began residing together I was at peace. We lived in harmony, more so than I had ever hoped to experience. I expanded my work as a consulting detective with new confidence, knowing I had a partner, someone on whom I could always rely, a comrade in arms, a brother in bond, if not in blood. But sometimes I would lose hope and sink into a melancholy, wondering if... if there were more to life than what I had made for myself. But I was afraid. I had been... hurt. I could not open myself up to that kind of hurt again. And so I resolved to keep myself at a firm distance. And when I could no longer bear it, I took out my morocco case and sent myself to another world – at least for a short while.”
“Nonsense!” Holmes exclaimed. “I know the Classics and I know the treasures of our native tongue. You can say many things about my profligate grandfather, the Seventh Earl, but you can never say that he neglected my education. Both Mycroft and I were steeped in the Humanities, as well as the more practical pursuits of Mathematics and the Sciences. We had the finest tutors available.”
John ran (more like crawl actually) towards Sherlock and hugged him. He held Sherlock’s head in his arms and caressed his back soothingly. “Ssh… Me too, Sherlock, you don’t know how much I love you.”
“Sit.” John said. And he told Lestrade all about his feelings for Sherlock and the thing about the curse.
With a small nod, Mycroft turned around and walked down the street. In a few steps he turned back and said, “I will.”
Sherlock woke up, feeling the cold. He licked his lips and tasted the copper taste of blood. His brain was skimming through a list of explanations on why his lips were bleeding, and the word "John" just shot out. Damn, Sherlock thought. He shot open his eyes and realized that he was in some kind of chamber.
He was almost in a state of ecstasy when he was with John. The feeling, the completeness, it was beyond the description of words. And yet now he was alone again, in the dark, in silence. That was unbearable.
Oh yes, John! What happened to him? Although I didn’t like to admit, I did feel a little guilty for leaving him alone. I felt close towards him. He didn’t call me a freak. And I still remembered how his eyes widened, and his jaw dropped, when I first showed off my deduction skills to him. “Wow, amazing!” He said, with a voice very curious indeed. I quite appreciate his exclamation. That’s why I consider him a very good partner. He was so, plain and normal, average IQ, cute.
Sherlock was exhausted. Where’s John? Where’s him when he’s most needed? This total darkness, the loneliness, was more than Sherlock could possibly bear.
“I do not know why, well I can fathom a guess, but I don’t know accurately why you do that. But I know how. How you feel when you make the first cut. And how it feels, afterwards.”
Sherlock had tried talking to John, but was returned a blank face, or even, a face with hints of sadness.
The thing that pained me most, is not his death. Well of course it was painful, it was painful like hell, but the worst part was how he died in vain. I could not accept that he killed himself in guilt and shame, when the whole world put its blame on him. People said really bad things about him. I couldn’t let him just die like this. If he had to die, this… hero, this… best friend of mine, he would have to die gloriously, with friends and family around, flowers stuffed in the room, plenty of laughter, something like this.
“He’s fucking hurt me. He’s locked me out! I tried! I tried!” he told himself. “I do not love him! It’s Greg I love!”
We’ve been together for almost a month now, and I think it is time we let everyone know. I’ve never expected that things will turn up this way, considering that I was just looking for a flat mate in the first place.
Sherlock opened his mouth, wanting to protest. But with a hammer hit on the back of his head, he passed out on the ground.
And now he wanted me to be dead. He asked me to kill myself. I thought this was the least thing that I could do for him. I couldn’t help him with his worries, his injuries, his pain, so at least I could take my own life and cause him no further trouble.
It is a cool autumn night. John’s nightmares bounce back to life, crushing John, threatening to tear him apart. He reaches for the blade. As soon as Sherlock starts playing in the living room though, John stops himself. He thinks of Sherlock. John has always known how selfish he is, to let Sherlock worry about him.
The rusty iron door squeaked as Sherlock pushed it open. He would still shiver when he set foot on this very area, where he had had his near-death experience a few years ago. Now he’s here again, bravely facing his doomed fate. He’d be ready for anything, just to protect John.
When he finally spoke, he had really taken me by surprise. Just this sentence, “I love you, John.” seep into my heart like a swirl of warm air, gushing in my veins, warming my heart and my soul.
John is a timid guy. He is always worrying about me. Like when I skipped breakfast, he would nag at me all day and force me to eat a sandwich instead. And when he wants to kiss me, he is afraid that I will be angry. Why will I be angry? I cannot be gladder when he kisses me!
John, though bounded, looked so hurt and broken with every wound Sherlock suffered, yelled for them to stop. “Sherlock! Sherlock! Listen to them and do it! I probably can’t even feel it, a few strikes won’t do much harm.” He sighed when he knew Sherlock wouldn’t listen. “DO IT, or I’ll smash my head onto the wall THIS INSTANT!”
*** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** **
John was getting uneasy. He secretly wanted to slap himself for his stupid behavior. “Good job there, John Watson, now you’ve ruined everything. Sherlock will hate you forever. You have broken his heart, idiot. Happy?” He thought to himself, doing a mental eye-roll.
Sherlock stood aside, watching his boyfriend fighting. Ah, violent John was amazing as always. He enjoyed observing that unyielding look in John’s eyes and the twitch and tensing of his muscles when he was fighting.
For ten years or so, John doesn’t know there is any other way to achieve this happiness besides cutting himself. He knows it is unhealthy for him to cut himself, but for the high he gets afterwards, he continues.
The bright, mid-day sun shone on the shiny tiles of the rooftop at St. Bart’s Hospital. At a distance, Sherlock could see the silhouette of a man, sitting at the edge.
John couldn’t control his laughter. “I don’t know you occupy a minor position in the heavens too, Mycroft.”
John did not take it immediately, as he allowed himself some time to think. But Moriarty was impatient, and he picked a knife from the table and stabbed Sherlock on his back. A pained muffled scream came out from his mouth.
One last whip. He could do this. I could do this, Sherlock thought to himself. His memories floated back to the two’s first meeting, the innocent look in John’s eyes when he muttered the word “Amazing” in the cab. The joy of being praised gushed into Sherlock’s heart like honey. The voice of John, asking him to buy milk, scolding him for creating a mess in the kitchen; the quick but steady footsteps of John, always following him around, tolerating him, giving him support; the smile on John’s face, the pure happiness he felt for his friend after solving a case; the carefree nights they spent together, wandering around like two fools on the London streets…
Almost finished, don't worry. Their hardship will be over very soon. A few more chapters to the great finale: a happy ending, of course
“Don’t worry, Dr. Watson. I will ask my men to provide you with the best medical services in this town.”
Sherlock is determined to save John, even when he had to use his own life to trade for John's. Even Mycroft couldn't stop him.
Lestrade half pulled, half carried Sherlock to the sofa, while Sherlock was still kicking his feet and shouting something. Mrs Hudson quickly tended to Sherlock, stroking his hair and calming him, saying “You poor boy” with genuine concern.
John didn’t know what that cursed number had to do with himself, really he didn’t. John didn’t know what he had done to deserve such a punishment. A punishment so brutal that he could never, ever love someone. If he tried to do so, he would only cause hurt and anger and sadness.
“Listen… my love, it’s not your fault. It never is.” John began. He soon told Sherlock about everything. When he finished, Sherlock just stared, wide-eyed and not speaking. That look on his face was scary. For several minutes he didn’t move, not even a frown or a blink.
John was aware that soul marks could appear at any time in one’s life, but commonly one would get his mark at around eighteen. He was very patient at first, because there was no doubt who his soulmate would be. Even his parents agreed.
As John watches the telly with Sherlock on the sofa, casually eating Chinese, he reckons that this is the most comfortable time of his day. He is happy.
He slowly calms down listening to Sherlock playing the violin. He looks at his handiwork on his thighs and decides that this is enough for a day.
What? What was going on? WHO was in love with WHOM? WHAT UPDATES? I was so confused that my mind was blank.
John’s warm tears slid along my neck, to my chest. Why was he crying? Wasn’t he angry with me? Why was he hugging me?
Scars, old and new, line his thighs. Doesn’t matter if he add a couple more now. He needs the pain. He needs to feel good, like he always does after cutting.
“The bastard confronted me, I tried to fight him, and we were kind of a draw, but then Geoff came and shot him dead. We called an ambulance and they got you here in the hospital. Luckily, there’s no serious injury on your body. You slept for a few days and everything is mainly healed inside you.”
Holmes’s razor sharp gaze went up and down Greg, with the tiniest smirk on his face. John observed Holmes’s appearance. He’s much taller than me, he thought sadly. But that big fat nose, tiny eyes? He looked like a rat. Greg wouldn’t seriously pick him over me, would he?
“You should know, it has been almost two years. Since your ‘suicide’.” He said with a shrug on the word. “The people you left behind, the life you abruptly left.”
Sherlock woke up in the chamber, and was greeted by Moriarty. He saw the bloody state of John and said goodbye.
“I got the idea that this sort of thing,” John made a hand gesture in the air between the two, “was not your area.”
Moran knew the face before him. The wicked smile and twisted features belonged to no other man than Mycroft Holmes, the constant enemy of his master.
Next morning John found himself in his own bedroom again. He was so hungover everywhere on his body was painful. But especially on his wrist.
I chuckled at this madness. “Look, John. I am so sorry to have caused you so much trouble, and it’s okay if you don’t want to see me anymore, I…”
It was the sixty-fourth day since they had been together. Five days later and it would be end of the world. At least for John and Sherlock.
I checked the clock, and realized that it was only five in the morning. After several unsuccessful attempts to get back to sleep, I sat on the sofa and turned on the telly. What else could I do? I don’t live that crime-solving twenty-four seven life anymore, not after
“I… uh… I am not capable of love. I don’t have a heart, really.” John thought for a moment that Sherlock looked sad but that was gone in a blink and Sherlock resumed his emotionless face.
Greg had been gone for four hours and not a word was heard from him. John went to the pub, ordered pint after pint of beer to escape from his sadness. He lingered for hours until the first break of dawn. Then he staggered back home, barely conscious.
“C’mon John! You can do better than this.” Greg’s mocking voice came a few meters ahead. “Oh, silly me, I forgot your legs are so short.”
“And I’m bloody well glad I don’t have a soul mark. Especially not of you. Tell whatever created this soulmate business to sod off. He’d made a mistake. You don’t deserve one.”
As John had lived with Sherlock for a month already, it became clear Sherlock was not what others thought. He wasn’t a bad man. And he certainly would not kill people. But he was really a mystery. He liked to wander in his own mind palace, shutting everyone, including John, out. John thought there was more under that mask, just that Sherlock wouldn’t let it show. John tried to get that mask off. He gave compliments, which was genuine of course, which made Sherlock smile. But every time he became ice-cold again. Like he did not have emotions.
. Fascinating.” Moriarty took Moran’s gun and gave it to John. “Sorry, Sebby, I’ll let you play with another guy next time, I cannot waste this moment.”
“Who told you that non-sense?” John said angrily, before realizing those were the exact words he once told Sherlock.
“I know, Mycroft. But I have to go. I can’t let them torture John, while I am happily sitting in this den, hiding. This is all my fault. If I haven’t chased after Moriarty, this will never happen. John is my everything, and I cannot let him die, because of my career, because of me.” Sherlock said with a hint of sadness in his voice.
“Yes, Doctor Watson?” Mycroft went rushing in, with a look of annoyance on his face. “I presume that you have more important things to tell me than an outburst of sentiments? Perhaps information of Moriarty’s network?”
Sherlock's mind was burning up in eagerness to meet John, no matter what broken state he was in. It seemed like forever before someone finally lifted that blindfold away. He blinked, quickly adapting to the colours. He opened his eyes wide and very soon, regretted it. In front of him was a scene of horror that Sherlock almost threw up. It was a bloody mess. Pools of blood splattered on the floor, and in the centre of the room, was a person whose limbs were chained to the corners of the chamber. With one closer look, Sherlock discovered with terror that the blood-covered, battered face was indeed, John's.
“Sherlock. Sherlock.” John whispered into his ears soothingly. “Sherlock. Promise me, never leave me alone. Never go away. Never leave me broken and desperately missing you. We would never, ever let anyone stop us from being together from now on. I could not lose you again. Not after these painful years.”
John had no choice. He slashed out and closed his eyes when Sherlock screamed in agony. “I’m sorry, Sherlock, I really am.” He mumbled.
No response. What was she doing in the bedroom? Maybe washing-up? Or just entertaining herself browsing around my blog? I tip-toed towards the closed bedroom door, forming an attempt to give her a nice little scare.
“Tick tock, tick tock!” Moriarty whispered in his ears. “One stroke left, and your Johnny-boy can go home. Why are you always so selfish? Your friend is one step away from safety, and now you worry about your ethics. Not an angel, after all.”
Lestrade just shook his head. “Look, if I come here five days later, on that “special end-of-the-world” day, will you feel better? If you really do something bad, I promise I will stop you. If you hurt Sherlock and he wants to go away, I promise I will make him stay. There won’t be anything that separates the two of you on that day, not on my watch. Satisfied?”
Dinner is eaten, dishes washed, John sits on the sofa reading newspaper while Sherlock types on his phone.
John stood before the rusty gate of the old factory. The place where he suffered hell. The place where he broke under immense pain and torments.
“As you are spending longer time with him, you’re stepping into uncharted area. That scared you. You feel like you are losing control of your own body. Maybe you’ve taken your own pulse too, haven’t you, Sherlock?”
The chamber door was suddenly opened and John immediately got up, ready for a fight. He could only see the sickening figure of a man dressed in a nice suit, tapping his umbrella on the floor.
He thought I was dead, and so soon he could get over me. Maybe he didn’t even mourn for me. I was swept away from his mind, and replaced by that woman. Once, I filled his life with excitement, and now I was nothing more to him but a puff of smoke.
Sherlock was actually very afraid, for he could only imagine what would life be like in the hands of the Napoleon of crime. Last time, in the incident of the Reichenbach’s fall, he at least had his brother’s support and a fail-safe plan. This time was totally different. He had nothing to rely on. He was really going to die.
All those years I dreamt of him by my side, I dreamt of living happily with him for the rest of my life, just the two of us against the world. And this sudden revelation didn’t seem true to me. Sherlock Holmes would never fall in love with anyone, let alone me.
Moran felt his rage boiling in his heart. No matter what kind of torments await him, even Death itself, he would keep his mouth shut. He would never, ever betray the professor.
That was so Sherlock, his usual naughtiness. How I missed him! I missed him messing around in the house, I missed his look when he blew something up, I missed his arrogant little smirk after he pranked me, I missed everything about him.
He waited for the young man to stop and to talk to him. But before he could even introduce himself, his whole life story was being read out by a stranger, who claimed to know everything about John just by how he was standing. This Sherlock was unbelievably rude, just like a child. And he certainly did not possess normal social skills, John thought disapprovingly.
Shaking his head Moriarty looked amused. “Look at you, kitten. So defenseless, weak and foolish. No, I won’t lock you up, Sherlock, that’s not fun. Beating people is boring, except when I use it as a bait to lure you out. We’re in for something exciting!”
Sherlock reluctantly followed Moriarty out the room. They were in a long hallway, Sherlock noted that down and worked to construct a mental map of whatever building he was currently in. His furrowed brows caught Moriarty's attention and he quickly produced a black cloth out of nowhere and blindfolded Sherlock with it. "Sorry, dear, but I can't take risk, can I?"
Sherlock couldn’t believe his eyes, nor his ears. No. No! It could not be! His logical scientific mind told him that he was dreaming. Something so miraculous could never happen.
69 days. And all of this would be taken away from him. All of the happy memories, the laughter, the smiles, would end so brutally.
After checking that the two of them were dead, John lay on the ground, exhausted. In his fight, he had torn open many wounds and they were really painful.
I never wanted to die, actually. But what I heard from John made a really deep cut in my heart, and I was so broken, I didn’t think properly. It felt to me, that I owed John a lot. He gave meaning and colour to the broken, confused, plain life of mine. He transformed me. But in turn, I could do nothing for him, not even a little thing, whenever I appeared, I just messed things up. I couldn’t even make him smile.
“Oh, come in, Mycroft. You can skip those delicate little acts, you are never a polite man who respects people’s privacy. I am used to your encroachment.” I said.
John tensed up and pressed the gun tip on Moriarty’s head. “Release him, or I will kill you.” John said in his soldier voice, calm and low.
In the cab, I tried to make conversation but Sherlock was busy on his phone. I wondered what he was doing.
“John.” Sherlock’s throat were dry. He had not had a single drop of water since he was held captive. “You’re here. I… m…miss you.”
“What now? Has he yielded?” The younger Holmes asked impatiently. The torturer shook his head in dismay.
John came seconds later, catching his breath. “Watch your words, bro!” He pretended to hit Greg. “I intentionally let you win, cause I always win the races.”
“Why? Dying frees me from pain. I don’t need to care about other things anymore. It is eternal freedom.” I said bitterly, thinking of John.
It would be ridiculous to say that John completely stops having nightmares and stops self-harming. After all, he has been living such a life for years and it is not easy for him just to cut it off. Sometimes he really needs the pain to keep himself together.
It was five in the morning, and John was not sleepy. Just worn out. He knew Mycroft was here, in his daily morning checks. John croaked his voice and called Mycroft.
Mycroft’s smile was only wider. “I haven’t helped? I haven’t helped? Sherlock dear, do you know how much it costs me to ask a favor of the Gods to make you John’s soulmate?” Upon seeing the horrified looks on both Sherlock and John, he added. “Course not. I see John’s already has an influence on your intelligence, brother. I haven’t really helped.”
than a friend. Someone to confide in, someone to comfort him, someone to support his exhausted mind.
Moriarty looked amused. “You know, Johnny, that you never cease to amaze me. I had wanted to play with Sherlock a little longer, but seeing you begging, it is a really rare opportunity.
Now, we are planning our next move. The official ceremony will probably be held soon, as Sherlock’s mummy prefers a summer wedding. We’ll be handing out invitation cards in a few days. I really hope that everyone here can come and share the happy moment with us.
Well, the thing I love most about him is his height. He is miserably short. But that makes the perfect height difference between us. When he cuddles into me, his head lies comfortably on my chest. When we embrace each other, I can push my hand into his soft grey hair easily. And he is so tiny that I can’t help wanting to pet him. But, as I come to realize, although his cuteness, he can also be quite strong and manly.
” Moriarty said to himself. He was getting impatient. He gave a kick to the box at his feet, and could hear nothing but the metal cling.
Sherlock sweeps a quick look at the mess on the floor, then his legs, and eventually, his blue eyes bores into John’s for a few seconds, lips pursed, brows slightly knitted.
Suddenly I heard a scream and the sharp screeching sound of a car’s brake. There was a road accident on the street. I walked outside and saw Sherlock, lying on the road in a pool of blood, and some petrified pedestrians were surrounding him.
That night John knew what heart-broken meant. He had never been clearer about how he felt about Greg since that moment. But Greg was unreachable. Their paths would never cross.
This was the tenth time he caught me almost naked in the bathroom, he just couldn’t wait! How annoying.  And he was sitting there, staring at me while I put my clothes on! I mean, have some respect!
“Moriarty, Sherlock is suffering. He is tortured. I want to end his pain.” John stumbled the words out slowly, gingerly, like it was explosives in his mouth. “Please, let me make him go peacefully. Please.”
.” Sherlock said, leaning closer, “Have I ever been angry at you?” He stepped towards John, until their faces were only inches apart.
“That’s why you went crazy these three days? That’s why you tried to avoid me? So that I will be angered enough to hate you and leave you?” Sherlock said, still with that weird look on his face.
Did I say cute? What happened to me? I didn’t mean cute. I, em, I, I mean… I could not find another word to describe him. This was a strange feeling. Whenever I thought about him, I would tremble a bit. His care-free smile, his lovely jumpers and jackets. They reminded me of the times we spent together. I felt an urge to go back to Baker Street and say hi to him. I kind of miss him fumbling around.
John loved Sherlock. That’s the exact reason why they couldn’t go on. John knew Sherlock. He was not a psychopath or a sociopath or a freak, he was just weak and lonely underneath the arrogance. And he loved John. If John did anything that hurt him, if they broke up, Sherlock would really grieve to death. Literally.
“John! There’s a murder at---“a drowsy, half naked Sherlock barges in. John drops his bandages in shock.
The captain stood with his back facing John. “Greetings, captain of the Victress. We welcome you on board the Jolly Mary.” He turned around and held out a hand, “Captain Holmes. Captain Sherlock Holmes. Pleasure to meet you.”
Sherlock looked at him timidly. “J…John? Are you not mad at me now?” He looked so scared and so small, John couldn’t hardly focus on what he’s got to say. He took a deep breath and sat on the sofa, next to Sherlock.
Sherlock was tired of the sea. The sea was deep and hard to understand. Day by day, he felt as if the ocean engulfed his lonely soul bit by bit.
But Sherlock disagreed. “Nah we can do it ourselves. I never believe in that stupid curse anyway. And bringing Gavin along will only slow us down.” With that, he held John’s hand and left the flat with his long coat flapping behind him.
Oh! I couldn’t breathe whenever my thoughts were drawn to him. I could not bear to think of our happy memories. That was why I moved out of Baker Street. I could not live at where he had lived with me. Every tile, every brick, reminded me of him.
I had taken a few strides when I saw a dark shadow sprinting towards the door. I could not see clearly but I thought it was Sherlock. See? He could totally forget about me in a second or two. Why should I care?
“John? Please, answer me. I… I cannot bear it any longer, please, just tell me what’s wrong. Have I done something wrong?” He said outside John’s bedroom door. But he didn’t answer. Not that Sherlock held much hope, but still that moment hurt so much. He panicked. His heart sank heavier and heavier.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh god, brother dear, are you seriously daring me to tell everyone what you did every night with the DI in your house? I can
Through my drunkard eyes, she was the most beautiful human being that I had ever known. As an action to express my apology, as well as to earn myself some time observing her, I accompanied her home. We talked along the way. She said her name was Mary. Oh, Mary, I thought, what a lovely name.
Then he met Sarah Sawyer. John was serious that time. But they broke up as well. On the sixty-ninth day. Then Jeanette. All ended disastrously
I knew I was too mean, and I knew actually, I really loved him, but at that moment, I was too angry to think otherwise. He deserved to be hurt, just as how he hurt me before.
You bring colours to my life. I never knew before, that we have had a relationship much deeper than friendship. You meant so much to me. I cannot lose you again. The last two years were a time of horrible nightmares, so please, Sherlock, don’t leave me behind. Not again.
How he wanted to open the door, pull Sherlock into an embrace, whisper “you are perfect” in his ears and kiss him senseless! How he wanted to date Sherlock like a normal person! How he wanted to live with Sherlock forever and ever! How he wanted to lift that terrible curse!
After twenty lashes, Sherlock was already unconscious. John knelt on the floor, exhausted, both physically and mentally.
Sherlock held John’s face in his palms and kissed him again. “Then you are very mistaken, my doctor. I’ll never be angry at you, well, frustrated because you are so stupid, yes, but I’ll never leave you, John. You are the one thing that is more important than my work. I’m attracted to you. I’m married not to my work, but to you, John.”
Mycroft seemed embarrassed and he backed out from the room. “See, you do have friends. In fact, you have someone much more than friends with you. Ask him, Sherlock, ask him what he feels now, and why he came to my office every day to apologize and wailed loudly about how sorry he was to have hurt you.” Mycroft said playfully.
The captain looked insulted. “Look, I apologize for any misunderstanding between us. I come here with good will.” He pulled a key from his pocket and unlocked the gate. He stepped in and sat beside John.
“Atta boy! Atta boy!” Moriarty walked in, clapping his hands. “Finally! I’ve been waiting for this moment for so long.”
John pulled me to the cinema hall, and crossed his arms. “So, explain yourself, Sherlock Holmes.” I saw the anger that hid beneath him, but he was trying very hard not to make a huge outburst of rage. I considered my words carefully, tailoring them to avoid triggering his outburst.
Suddenly I felt someone tickling at my waist. I lost my balance and fell of the bed. I struggled to get up but accidentally tripped over Sherlock’s slippers and fell flat onto the floor. Sherlock roared with laughter, pointing at me. I must have looked hilarious.
John drank hard in the pub that night. He was so drunk he could barely walk. He remembered getting on a cab, which brought him to 221B Baker Street.
What? Love? No! I was a high-functioning sociopath, I was not capable of human emotions! Of course I don’t love him. I just, sort of… It’s odd. I did not know how I felt about John. I had never felt something like this before. The feeling of being happy and comfortable at the thought of him.
Sherlock smiled briefly. He muttered “Thanks, Mycroft.” before rushing out of the flat, into the cold winter streets.
I was quite impressed with that woman. She had skills of a professional intelligence agent. I was very disappointed with myself that I had not been able to spot anything different in her before Mycroft told me her real identity.
“Fine. Sooner or later you will give in. It is just a matter of time. So tell me, where is Moriarty?”
John could feel Sherlock’s breath on his face. “No… it’s only… it’s the sixty-ninth day. I thought, maybe you would… I don’t know… you wo…”
John looked at the defenseless Sherlock and sighed. Seeing that there was no other choice, he put the gun on the floor, ignoring Sherlock’s strained shouting for him to stop. John put both of his hands up.
But a voice in his head begged to differ. “You were interested at first, but he told you he wouldn’t love anyone, male or female. You were hurt. You tried to lift his mask, but he locked you out. So you fool yourself that you love Greg. But you don’t.”
I gave the captain some pills and told him to eat and drink in moderation and limit his salt intake. I knew he wouldn’t he do any of those things, of course, but at least he might take the pills – when he remembered.
As much as I didn’t want to give in to Stamford, I yearned for intercourse with society other than Holmes. I feared Stamford was correct in his suspicions – that Holmes was a drag upon my emotions and that the longer I stayed with him, the more I would become like him.
The Irishman took me by the elbow and pulled me out of the crowd and into a passageway off the main salon. I hesitated for a moment, but then I went. I didn’t fear him anymore. My fear had long since been replaced by loathing.
“I... I don’t know.” I threw another look at Holmes, but he continued puffing without saying a word.
Holmes frowned. “I don’t see how any of that signifies, my dear fellow. Your physical imperfections are more than set off by the experience you have gained on your life’s journey. You are, in general, as healthy a horse. Your eye is keen, as demonstrated by the fact that you are a crack shot with a pistol. In spite of your leg, you are agile enough to fend off multiple miscreants with your sword-stick, as you have proven time and again. You have thus saved my sorry life more than once. And as to your hair – such vanities are beneath you, Watson. I don’t see the ladies at all hindered by a slight recession in your hairline.”
“Not so much what was in the letters, which was full of lover’s twaddle and silly verses,” said Alfie. “But who they was written to. For they was addressed to another man. And not a gentleman of Mr. Charles’ own station, which would be bad enough, but to a common Mary-Ann! A fellow what displays himself in a low public house in lady’s garments and then sells himself for a few shillings to any man with the price. That’s who Mr. Charles was writing to, who he fancied he was in love with! And this is the conclusion!”
“Of course,” said Holmes. “I’m a horrific influence. I assumed he’d gotten to you when you gave that ridiculous Affirmation.”
Lady Percy’s villa was on the highest hill in Rome and commanded a magnificent view of the city. I arrived on foot, but easily mingled with the ladies and gentlemen pulling up at the door in private carriages. I took Lady Percy’s words to heart – I was there not to be intimidated by the company, but to continue my education. I may not have been rich, but I was as much a gentleman in birth and education as any Englishman there. Besides, I had discovered that good looks and pleasing manners served as an entry to almost any venue – and I had both to spare.
As the trap pulled up to the house, a tall, grey-haired man emerged, his face grave. It was obvious to me that he was a military man: he had the ramrod bearing and straightforward gaze of a man used to staring down death. But his face was also ashen and his mouth twisted with distress.
“It’s beastly hot in here. I... I had a glass of champagne and... I’m a trifle dizzy. I must be coming down with a fever... my old malaria... or something.”
He was lying on the bed, sleeping peacefully on his back. His face looked young, untroubled, with all the cares of the world erased. And his mane was tumbled all over his head, like a boy who did not own a comb.
“Yes,” he acknowledged. “I have known of your liaison with Professor Moriarty since the first week we lodged in Baker Street.”
Fred sighed very heavily. Holmes was obviously his cross to bear. “I’ll see you both at Group this afternoon. Remember -- three o’clock sharp.”
“There’s always someone around to help you find your way,” he said. “I’ll light the fire for you, sir. This chair is the one the old Earl always used to sit in.” He indicated a worn wingback near the fireplace. “If you need a book, just ask and I’ll try to find it.”
“Nonsense, Watson!” he replied, taking off his ulster and handing it to a young footman. “What are they here for if not to make us comfortable? Mycroft retains this dismal domain year after year mainly to keep these people in gainful employment. Lord knows he hates the country and so-called country pleasures, so he has little other use for it. I imagine our coming is the most exciting thing that has happened at Sherringford since the floor of the turret room collapsed back in ’76. Isn’t that right, Lovell?”
“If that’s true,” I replied. “Then he has nothing to fear. Come, we’re almost home. Then I’ll deal with Mr. Holmes in my own particular way.”
But that control was crumbling, like a wall with a weak foundation, like a building undermined from below and shaken. Shaken to its very essence...
I immediately moved to the stricken man in the bed. His eyes were glazed, but he clutched at the sheets, unwilling to release them
But that doesn’t mean I’ve lived my adult life in penury – far from it. The Army served me in good stead – at least until I was invalided out. And before that I had a brush with someone who had his share of the filthy lucre. More than his share, actually. And more than just a brush I must confess. It was my only real relationship – one that was as difficult and passionate and painful and ultimately bollocks-breaking as any I could imagine. Which made me leery of the kind of privilege Holmes was so nonchalantly presenting to me.
Promptly at ten o’clock the next morning Holmes and I presented ourselves at the front door of Campton Grange.
“What’s the hurry?” I asked, still adjusting my cravat in the cab. “I should have let James do this.”
“I’m trying to keep me pecker up, Doctor,” Mick sniffed, wiping his nose on his sleeve. “But it’s a hard patch in here. I was born in the Workhouse, but I ain’t never been in stir before. I always tried to walk the straight and narrow – well, as far as I could.”
“No,” I replied. “I don’t need to.” I dropped my blue dressing gown on the floor, revealing myself. There was nothing else to do.
“Don’t let them take us, Guv’nor!” Wiggins gasped as the constable dragged him to his feet and began to bind his hands. “We didn’t do it!”
Business. Wiggins and Dilly and murder and blackmail, among others. “Did Mr. Holmes leave a message for me before he left?”
What was to be done? Mick Wiggins and his frail compatriot were in very deep difficulty. But Holmes would find a way to clear them. He had to find a way! The alternative for them was unthinkable.
In my early years there I was so tender-hearted it’s a wonder I survived, but I did survive, and that regimen tempered me, like a steel blade is tempered. I was never the top pupil, but as the years ground on I felt the sting of punishment less and less. At thirteen I became aware that the Fathers had singled me out, for what I wasn’t sure. They gave me privileges, allowed me to go on special retreats reserved for the older boys, encouraged me to seek them out for guidance. And then I realized that they wanted me for one of their own. My father even mentioned it during a rare visit home. My brother had already gone into my father’s law office, so, my father said, he had thought to have me follow my maternal grandfather’s profession as a doctor, but the head of my school had spoken to him and so I was to enter the Jesuit seminary as soon as I was old enough.
“Yeah,” Mick shrugged. “When she got old enough she went on the game. It’s the only way for somebody like Dilly to make money, Guv. She can’t work at no real job. Who’d hire her?”
I was taken aback. Although I had a number of works in print it always surprised me when I found that someone had actually read one. “Yes, I do. A few modest stories of suspense and adventure.”
“Indeed, I am a personage hard to dislodge from the brain,” Wilde agreed. “Yet this feeling is very strong. Your visage is so familiar to me.”
“Not as yet, Collins,” Holmes said evenly. Although he had worked closely with the Law for over a decade, his dislike of policemen was well-known among them. “I am here to see my clients, Mr. Michael Wiggins and Mr. David Mitchell.”
I leaned towards my companion. “I say, Holmes, I don’t want to cause the servants any undue difficulty.”
“The doctor seems in fine fettle,” Miss Morstan added. She stood up and gave James a look that was almost triumphant. “This is the servant who told me you could not have visitors. I gave him my cards to deliver to you, but it seems you did not get them.”
“Thommie, sir,” he said to Holmes. But his small hand was on me. “Eight shillings for both you gentlemen. You can have me one and then the other, or together if you wish. Whatever is your pleasure.”
“I know,” he replied without irony. Then he turned to Collins. “When are Wiggins and Mitchell to be arraigned?”
“I don’t need to search you,” he snorted. “I will find out all your secrets soon enough. And your cane?” I handed over my swordstick. He pulled out the steel and gazed at it. Then he sheathed it and handed it back. “I will be watching you, caro mio. But you may have need of this to defend yourself.”
“We have nothing to tempt her out of hiding!” I said in exasperation. “This room is barely bigger than a closet. Where can a cat conceal itself in such a place?”
I fell in with a fast set of indolent young gentlemen. All we cared for was drinking, gambling, dressing like dandies, chasing women, and gaining entrance at the houses of our betters in order to sponge off them. I quickly became adept at all these practices. The skills I had learned on the continent served me equally well in London. I slept with a myriad of older but still extremely pleasing females, often while paying court to their daughters and playing cards with their husbands. But that was the way of the world, as Lady Percy would have said. I joined a club I could ill afford and there I gambled like a lord. I lost much, but when I won I took it as a sign that I was leading a charmed life. I ran up debts, but rarely paid them – I was young and paying my debts of honour could wait until I was older. Until I had a career and cash coming in. Or until my brother made good on them.
I was gripped by a strange excitement. “Are you making an indecent proposition to me? Because I have had offers from many gentleman and a number of ladies as well. But I have turned them all down. I am not interested in such ‘arrangements.’”
Two days later Dilly Mitchell was buried in a small plot in a cemetery north of the city. Holmes paid for it all, including a fee for a priest to come and say some words over the coffin. The only mourners were Holmes and myself, James and Mick, and Inspector Lestrade, who fidgeted nervously through the short service, while Mick wept and James held him.
Dilly Mitchell was undoubtedly doing much worse than poorly, if his condition was as bad as it had been the last time I saw him in his cell. “I must go to London immediately! Is there a physician seeing to the lad?”
But I was intercepted. “Come, Watson!” said Holmes, seizing my arm. “There’s no time for this tomfoolery. We have important business to attend to. Life and death business.”
“You are quite the melodramatic fellow, aren’t you?” Mycroft lumbered to the door, nudging me aside. He took out a key and opened it. “Brother Sherlock requested privacy and I complied. Now you may enter.”
“But Young Wiggins obviously found it of interest,” Holmes remarked. “It’s well-thumbed. See the imprints of his fingers here, and the magazine opens to this page – he’s folded it back more than once. I believe you have an admirer, Watson – a fan, as they would say in the boxing fancy.”
“Yes,” said Holmes. He put his arms around me and, to my surprise, he kissed me, very softly and very sweetly. “I am happy. I did not know that I could ever experience happiness in the way others know it, or in the way it is portrayed in books or poetry or opera. I believed such a state of being was mere fantasy. But now...”
A long and excruciating hour later Fred dismissed the Group. Holmes immediately took my elbow and guided me from the room.
“I know what you crave!” Holmes cried. “It’s absurd! Utterly absurd! If you wish to feed your baser animal needs, there are simpler ways to do it. Ways that won’t entangle you with some harpy for the rest of your natural life!”
What would he make of my desertion? Would be believe it was because of what we had done? Would he think I was ashamed? Or that I had decided I no longer wanted to be with him? That I didn’t really care for him. That I didn’t love him?
I am a man of rational thought and don’t believe in spirits and other such tosh, but in such an ancient house, on such a dark night, I could well believe I was being haunted. I swallowed hard and gripped the bedclothes, feeling an eerie presence.
Wiggins put down his pint and wiped his mouth on the sleeve of his jacket. Or my jacket. “Come and see me room, Doctor. I ain’t half proud of it.”
As he went through the mail, sorting out mine – mostly bills – as he went along, I looked over the newspapers.
“But this blackmail plot is not as much of a surprise to the major as might be imagined,” Holmes continued.
I swallowed. “Yes. If you make any harm come to her, I’ll kill you in your sleep and then kill myself.”
“Since you returned home quite late the other night,” Holmes remarked, turning his gaze in my direction. “Or should I say... morning?”
“This is a major muddle,” I muttered. “Did you clean the wound? Did you apply some salve? And what is this you have used for a bandage?”
“I know that Lady Percy warned me about avoiding sodomites,” I said, pulling from his grasp. “And I am not a little boy!”
“Only reluctantly,” said Holmes. “Major Griffith is, of course, fearful that news of his son’s dilemma will become common knowledge. But most of all, he wishes to keep the ignoble details from the ears of his wife and daughter. That may well prove impossible.”
We had always lived in equal circumstances, Holmes and I, sharing our expenses and subsisting on the same level. I had always assumed that Holmes, as the younger son of a genteel but reduced family, was living on a modest allowance which he supplemented with his earnings as a consulting detective. His needs had never been great, and although he liked his creature comforts, they were not expensive ones. He ate the simple food Mrs. Hudson offered, smoked plain shag tobacco, and wore his suits and dressing gowns practically to rags. His only real extravagance was an insistence on hansom cabs over common omnibuses or the more plebeian underground trains in our perambulations around London.
Holmes sniffed. “That’s in the Georgian wing of the house. My grandfather’s room. It’s not as dark and gothic as this chamber, but it’s even colder. And much too far away! You could call for the servants all night and they’d never hear you!”
“My father and mother were killed in a freak gondola accident in Venice when I was 18 years old, predeceasing the old Earl by more than a decade. When old Sheridan Sherringford-Holmes finally died at quite an advanced age, my elder brother inherited all, according to the laws of primogeniture. But as to the title – it is still in dispute. Of course, Mycroft, being the indolent creature that he is, has never pursued the matter and I doubt he ever will. And so the ancient Earldom will die with him, since I cannot conceive of a more unlikely candidate for marriage and procreation.”
“Surely not,” said Holmes. “Now hand over that toast and tea. I’m as hungry as Gladstone after a brisk waddle across the sitting room. I couldn’t swallow even a morsel at dinner for concern about you.”
“Yes,” he replied. “I’m here. I’ve been following you since you left London.” He looked behind him, back up the road. “Where the devil is Lestrade? Confound Scotland Yard!”
“’ere! What are you gents up to?” A stout man in a soiled undershirt and a battered derby hat came down the dark hallway. “Who the ’ell are you?”
“Yes, what a gift,” I said. But Wilde did not seem to catch the irony in my voice. “I fear I must go.” I stood and shook Wilde’s hand. “It was a pleasure to meet you – Oscar.”
From the time we left our room in the morning until lights out at eleven o’clock at night, Holmes and I barely spoke. We didn’t eat together, or walk together, or share private moments in the garden. In Group I sat apart from him and didn’t look his way unless he said something, which was rarely.
“Then I shall feel free to call upon you another time,” said Miss Morstan. “I must go now, Doctor. I look forward to further conversations.”
Dr. Koenig, a small and unruffled man, oversaw his domain with a gentle but resolute hand. He didn’t ask questions – he knew I’d just come from rehab, so I assume the director had given him all the background he needed to know – but put me directly to seeing patients. It no longer mattered to me that my days as a surgeon were in all likelihood over, I was a doctor again and that’s what was important.
Yet... I found myself looking forward to the engagement. Intrigued. I’d lived too long in all-male society, first at school, then at university, then in the Army, and finally in the company of Sherlock Holmes.
I’d just arrived in the main unit after my 72 hours in mandatory detox and had as yet told no one my story. I was saving that for later. Telling your story in Group was a feature of the treatment, or so I’d been advised.
“An old wives’ tale, that,” Holmes sighed. But he moved over – slightly. “I’ll take that whiskey and soda now, if you please, James.”
“It’s good to see you eating heartily,” Mrs. Hudson said with a smile. “Unlike Mr. Holmes. He rushed out of here so fast he barely took any tea. And he pulled young James away with his breakfast only half finished.”
I considered my options. But I could not abandon my friend after having come this far. I owed him that much. “No. I’ll stay with you.”
“I thought you was a respectable bloke,” the woman sneered. “Gone all hours you were. Now I know why.”
“You will?” Holmes’ face softened. “It might be easier with... with you going as well. To keep me company.”
Of course as yet I was far from fine, but I wasn’t going to let Holmes or James treat me like an invalid.
”Sherlock, you are doing that thing with your face again. I have no idea what you are thinking so please enlighten your idiot lover.“
And since Sherlock knows that Appledore is not that far from the cottage and Magnussen has a helicopter at his disposal, he could strike a deal, save Mary once and for all from the clutches of that fucking piece of … Sherlock mentally kicks away the memory that starts creeping all over him – is it a memory or a dream, Magnussen coming into his room and touching him in ways he never wanted to be touched, breaking down his boundaries – stop.
And then another, even worse, thought enters my head. I simply assumed that his was the voice of reason, that common sense is dictating him to go back to his pregnant wife and give her a second chance.
I walk to the bed and remain standing, not knowing what to do when I realise that John tries to touch my hand. I pull the chair closer and sit down, gripping his hand with both of mine.
Sherlock looks at his phone, trying to distract himself because he knows what this means, he will never have John, not the way he wants him, he will be the uncle coming to tea every second Sunday of the month, bringing funny presents for which John’s daughter is far too young, carrying her around the room in a mixture of awkwardness and pride and then going home to Baker Street alone.
She leans towards him, speaks in a low, very soft voice. ‘I have watched you since he was admitted. A lot. It is my job to observe the environment of our patients, their family and friends and how they react to an illness or injury. Because this is important for the healing process and … other things but I do not have to tell you this.’
Although, to be fair, Sherlock had not been his usual brilliant self to misunderstand him so completely. Did he really think John was showing him those films because all of a sudden he had gotten soppy about his honeymoon with a woman he should not have married in the first place? John remembered Sherlock ranting about the films, and then - unexpectedly - his quiet apology. He realised he preferred a scoffing, sarcastic Sherlock over an apologetic one anytime and he did not care a bit what this might reveal about himself.
But John is already on his way back, nearly slithering into the room, shutting the door and bending down over the bed.
Mycroft raises both hands to placate but John bangs the table once again. ‘No! You are going to listen to me for once. The doctor does not even get suspicious when there is a list of people who hate her, who for some reason or other dislike the lovely nurse. Maybe he is an idiot after all but so is his detective friend. And then something happens.’
He tries to move but the pain in his chest is excruciating even through the morphine cloud and he has to take some shallow breaths. Another ice cube is placed to his lips. A warm, dry hand is stroking his forehead.
Too late, a voice in my head keeps saying, it happened years too late. If I had told him before I … went away, or even after I came back. But before I did not fully realise how I felt and later there was Mary and he seemed happy with her.
John is up from his chair, leaning over the bed, putting his hands on Sherlock’s face and trying to calm him down but it is no use. Gemma and a nurse are entering the room, checking everything, Sherlock’s temperature which is only slightly elevated- no fever- and yet something is happening to him.
A median sternotomy is not something I would willingly suffer again. The scar running down the middle of my sternum reminds me of the Y- or T-shaped incisions Molly performs on the dead bodies in her morgue, and while they never really bothered me before, it is a decidedly unpleasant experience to wake up after this procedure and have to go on breathing. Or moving. Or living at all.
Something happens to his face that almost breaks my heart. He pulls my head towards him and kisses me on the lips, not roughly, but harder than last time. I get a glimpse of what might happen if I was well and we did not have to hold back and it makes me go all warm inside.
”I am Laura Taylor, your attending physician.“ She checks my blood pressure, the PCA settings and asks me how I am feeling.
‘If you knew Sherlock, you would not ask this. He always behaves in a strange way, it is his default.’
Something changes, a telegram from Mary. This is not the way this is meant to go but he cannot help himself. He is trusting her again, coming to her aid, saving her from an imagined danger while all the time she has been working with Mycroft behind his back – where does this come from? Is he still feeling guilty over hurting John that much? Still wishing for John to find happiness in normal life? But why does he want to push John towards a woman who is still keeping things from him, who is still a question mark? Who...
”Dr Watson, I know you and the patient are good friends but talking to him like that is not exactly advisable regarding his condition.“
When I sink to my knees in front of the helicopter I can feel the wetness on my cheeks. I have not cried since that day on the roof, not once.
When John tells me he is going to visit his old mate Bill Murray in Reading, I try hard not to be disappointed. By now I am well enough to stay alone in the flat while Mrs Hudson brings me tea and home-cooked food I do not want to eat but have to because I do not have the excuse of being on a case.
This is quite unexpected. True, there were some cases of self-defence during his time away but will he be able to shoot a man in the head, just like that, even if he was not a very nice man? So he imagines what Magnussen could do to John – threaten his wife, his child, his future.
She shakes her head. ‘Nothing physical, John.’ She has started to call him by his first name as if they were friends. Or colleagues. Which they are not but he is willing to let it pass for now. She walks around the bed, checks the IV lines, and turns back to look at him. ‘You told me about this thing he does, this technique. Mind Castle or something like that?’
But we do not sit and eat there because I cannot remain upright in a hard-backed chair. I eat lying down on the sofa and John has taken to sitting beside me or on the coffee table. Mrs Hudson shook her head at the arrangement so John told her, in no uncertain terms, that he was not going to let me eat baby food on the sofa while stuffing himself with Thai take-away at the table.
Sherlock has never really been interested in art but anything will do to cover up the sadness which no amount of warmth and sun and sweet-smelling summer has been able to dispel. He looks into the window and nearly drops the paper bag full of bakery goods he has been holding in his right.
But these differences did not really matter. This was Sherlock and he might die again. This time for real.
‘I ... I talked to him as you said. He has been quiet all the time, this started only seconds ago,’ John says, feeling terribly awkward. Was it something he said that upset Sherlock? Did he hear him? Did he hear everything he said?
Mary is brought to a high-security facility where they save her life thereby ensuring her lifelong imprisonment. Mycroft tells me when he meets me at the hospital.
He digs up a case bearing some similarities to Moriarty’s death on the roof, someone firing a gun and faking their death and later dying again, Scotland Yard baffled...as always. It is full of Gothic drama, blood-red mouths, a cross-dressing Molly Hooper and a Mycroft the size of a mountain made of port wine jelly. It is fun and yet he feels himself slipping, his mind grasping wildly and finding nothing but water running through his hands.
His thinking goes fine until suddenly, out of the blue, just like that, John’s face appears before him. He should not have thought of John, not now, not when he is trying to work, to make sense of all this.
”No, you are not.“ He sounds insistent and I give in and turn my head. He is standing in front of the coffee table, his hands jammed into his pockets. John has a unique way of standing aggressively.
He frowns and presses his lips together so that they blend into a thin, angry line. He nods to the PCA. ”Without that thing you would be screaming. They had to cut open your sternum to repair the damage. It will be weeks before you can breathe or move without pain.“
“You have been to Afghanistan, John. I suppose you will survive Venice in May without wearing a basecall cap.“ He sounded deeply offended. “I can’t be seen running around with a tourist.“
He could not think of any more idioms and the basic message was clear: You had your chances and did not grab them.
This is rock bottom. He smiles at his own pun. Lying on the hard, wet ground, clothes soaked to the bone, attacked by his own weakness and fear and inability to overcome that very fear. He realises that he has never really fought against a man, but always against himself. He let himself be lured into the game, was flattered to be the object of such an intricate plan, such a work of beauty. Crimes made to measure, puzzles only he could solve.
“A case? In Italy?“ John raised his arms and turned around in the living-room where Sherlock was waiting impatiently, suitcase at his side.
But there he is. Brave, sarcastic, tough, caring John who was shocked at Sherlock’s callousness towards Janine, human error and all that crap, assuming that this is how Sherlock thinks about love although it is not but John may never know.
Sherlock wakes up in the middle of the night. He is not sure why. He lies very still, concentrating on any sound other than the chirping outside his window. He gets up and drinks some water from the kitchen tap. Now that he is awake he feels the heat, pouring from the walls, enveloping him and making his body hot and clammy. He walks into the living room.
. I saw something and did not act on it. What if she targeted John from the very beginning, what if she never ever intended to become his loving wife but always had a second agenda? Maybe she fell in love with him in the middle of an assignment because else she would never have taken the risk of getting pregnant.
During my first stay in hospital I got away with a big white sticking plaster on my chest and some tubes in my veins but this time it is more difficult. I distantly hear the doctors blathering about internal haemorrhage and rupture and CA and I am only too glad to glide back into unconsciousness.
“Oh indeed, Mrs Hudson. And now please pull up the weather forecast and tell me if I have to pack a T-shirt.“ He pronounced the word as if it was a growth of mould on his toast. “Not that I have one.“
“Oh.“ He knew John meant a lot to Sherlock but this was the first time he was so open about it. Usually these two would have bitten off their tongues before uttering something emotional. “What’s the matter with John? Is he ill?“
What follows is a jumbled melodrama: shattered glass, shadows of a bride, a member of the gentry stabbed with a dagger, a message to himself.
“Oh, yes, I do. First you got him into crap telly, next it was Doctor Who. And now you force him to watch morbid films about a decaying city, full of dying composers, murdered children, and unhappy spinsters. Come on, give the poor man a break."
So there is only thing left to do. ”John, there’s something ... I should say; I-I’ve meant to say always and then never have …“
It was more than impressive. Sconces in the walls holding flickering torches, the smell of oriental perfumes filling the air, swing music with a classical touch in the background, loud enough to dance but not too loud to prevent intimate conversations.
There is a hollow feeling, right in the middle of his chest - a large cavity as he once dreamed of saying about his brother - and he knows what he is missing. Not his heart which is here, in the correct place, beating its rhythm. And yet …
Lestrade faked a violent cough which had Sherlock thumping on his back and asking if he had taken up smoking again and needed patches or a glass of water.
”You will have to go back to her.“ The words drop like a stone into a pool. I am lying with my head in John‘s lap, his hand playing absently with my curls.
”No way.“ This earns me the first real smile. ”Because I have plans, too, and they do not include female nurses. Or male nurses, either.“
And then he is there beside the sofa, on his knees, and I feel his hand on my chest, very careful and soft not to hurt me. And then suddenly he is so close that I cannot see anymore, just feel. And it is enough.
But I know that this is not going to last. That we are currently living in a bubble in which there is no Mary and no baby and no Magnussen. They are still out there and one day the bubble will burst and John will go away. But until then I will hold on to him and take what I can and cherish every precious moment.
On the other hand, there is this nagging fear. Will John ever be safe with her? Will there be people from her past, chasing her, finding her buried deeply in suburbia with her doctor husband and child? Will they take their revenge by killing her? Or taking her baby? Or even … no, he must not think about that.
How did this happen? Because I chose to care? Because I stopped keeping my distance? Because I got involved? Because I am in love?
”Listen, Mycroft, there is only so far you can go. Get out of my flat. Stick your long nose into North Korean affairs or start a war in a poor African country but Leave. Me. Alone.“
He imagines a nightly conversation with John in a greenhouse – nice one, there is the glass again, through a glass, darkly – and lets John ask him the questions he has always wanted to be asked and has wished to hear for so long and yet, on hearing them, he loses heart and evades the answer.
The word “bird“ amused him against his will since he remembered himself pulling the beard of a poor old man who had just wanted to sell him some honest porn.
Sherlock opened the door to his room with a flourish and pointed to the bed on which two black dinner suits complete with white dress shirts and black ties had been carefully deposited. On the floor two pairs of shiny black shoes were waiting.
He dreams himself into the past: a time in which there is good reason for him and John to not share a flat because people might talk, for him and John to be friends and nothing more, a time in which John will be married and Sherlock will be a confirmed old bachelor.
”No.“ His voice sounds strangely choked and I finally look at him. ”It is about the thrill of being with you. Of seeing you at work. Of you being brilliant, of you helping people even if you pretend it is just for the sake of the game. Of snatching the tiny moments in which you let me see … behind the facade.“
I am getting nearly mad with boredom. Two cases from Lestrade, a 4 and 4.5. I even left the house for them just to keep myself from shooting the walls. I am bored enough to wish for a moment that Moriarty‘s resurrection had not been Mycroft‘s last minute stunt to save the dragonslayer but real. Then at least I would have had something to look forward to …
And then I understand. John, stupid courageous sentimental John. This time he was the one with a plan, this time he tricked
(Distant voices, beeping sounds, feet moving around, but only from far, far away, from a place that slowly fades, becoming mute again.)
John starts searching frantically through boxes, plastic bags, under heaps of old bed sheets and in a sleeping bag no one has slept in for years. He starts coughing, has to wipe tears from his eyes.
He goes into the kitchen and gets himself a slice of watermelon. Not that it will make the hollow feeling disappear but any action is better than sitting around, an open folder in his lap, staring blindly into the distance in the rough direction of London.
John cleared his throat. “I have to tell you something. I know you love interrupting me but please let me finish this one time because I’ll never find the courage to start again.“
And yet I know that this is just a respite, that I will have to solve Mary‘s case because danger to her means danger to John. I have a plan for removing him from the picture which includes Mycroft‘s prepared laptop as a Christmas present to Magnussen and Billy Wiggins concocting a nice sleeping draught for my family.
John is breathing hard, he has to close his eyes for a moment to get his feelings under control. ‘Why didn’t you tell me?’
“Is this an experiment, or what?“ Sherlock demanded over breakfast on Friday morning. “How long does it take to drive a consulting detective round the bend and let his mind palace crumble to dust? Is this a new form of the Chinese water torture? Dripping crappy films about a crumbling city, people for some reason seem to find romantic, on the head on your long-suffering flatmate?"
“Not my birthday, but thank you anyway.“ Molly opened the lid and chose a toffee-vanilla flavoured cake with a chocolate coffee bean on top. She took a bite, chewed, said „delicious“ and then looked at him inquiringly.
‘She can read the sad little doctor like a book. Always the right words or plans to distract him from what is eating him from the inside. And when his detective friend, the one he mourned, suddenly returns from the dead, she becomes his friend as well. She even helps the detective to save the sad little doctor when he gets kidnapped and thrown into a bonfire. Imagine that! Because. She. Is. So. Clever. Right?’
observe. After I said I knew that I had to go back to her your breathing changed, became halting. You swallowed hard. You were thinking of losing me which distressed you but there was more. So what might distress you even more than me going back to Mary because we are expecting a child? Me going back to her because I want to, because I want her. You should know one thing - I am never going to love her again.“
A soft, popping sound, nothing more. Someone not accustomed to hearing weapons fired might not have noted it at all but John was once a soldier and he knows exactly what a silenced gun sounds like.
He knows the name of the artist - stored away somewhere in his mind palace for research purposes. Not an original, what a ludicrous idea, but a very good reproduction. His forehead nearly touches the windowpane and he cannot stop looking. And then the golden stones of Saint-Rémy seem to drift away, the sunlight disappears, making way for a night sky spanning over a big city far away from here.
”Listen, John, over the last years you have - I mean we both have made sacrifices. Again and again. Risked our lives for each other. Jumped from roofs.“ Been alone in hell for two years, I think, but do not say it out loud. ”The Magnussen thing. And now you … you were willing to give away your own child.“ I am still trying to wrap my head around it. ”Or at least for some time. Or share the upbringing with your sister and her partner. Whatever. We should stop this. Making sacrifices. Or only if necessary. I think I am getting too old for all that crap.“ I nod vaguely towards his leg and take a deep breath. ”This is not going to be easy but … if you are willing to stay with me, I will be there for Lily, too. This makes four of us. “Not even counting Mrs Hudson.“
‘Being shot comes as a shock, physically as well as mentally. Tell me about his state before this happened.’
‘Oh, I forgot to tell you - this reprint is exactly the same size as the original painting from the Museum of Modern Art in New York.’
I really do not want to dwell on everything that happened afterwards, it is too painful right now, but I cannot escape the memories. Me offering Mary a way out and hurting John more than I could bear. Trying to make John stay with her because I know I will not be there for quite some time.
No, she will go for a verbal threat, hoping to placate him until he either dies or gets well enough to negotiate.
Sherlock felt something snap in him and looked away. “Happy to be of service.“ And with that he turned around and walked away.
I turn around and look at him fully. He has never used this word before. I swallow. ”What you just said … we never …“
I still feel John‘s goodbye kiss on my lips and for the first time I am free to think about what is between us, this one thing I did not let myself hope for and which has happened anyway. Maybe was always meant to happen.
Or not so clever, because in order to destroy the knowledge, one would have to destroy the brain. Oh.
He licks his lips, tries to find an honest answer. ‘I am not sure. You see, with Sherlock everything’s different. He is not like …’ He shrugs helplessly.
The sentence comes to mind out of the blue, an unwelcome reminder of an arrogant man returning to a world that had moved on without him. I feel John‘s hand on my back. ”What is it, Sherlock? Need help?“
After John and Mary are gone, he starts digging desperately, helped by Greg – yes, he knows his name after all – who is always there when he needs someone to lend him a hand with manual labour, and Mycroft shining a light into a grave conjured up from a cheap period horror drama.
And his Mind Palace John would have said: ‘Lonely, unhappy, withdrawn. Denying yourself what others have: love, romance, partnership.’
Then a shuffle before him in the dark, panting, Sherlock’s deep voice saying something like „Got you“, then a cry of pain. John dashed past him, hopefully not trampling Sherlock in the attempt, and threw himself blindly at the man before him. He could not see anything, playing by ear, jumping on his back and wrestling him to the floor.
“John, good to see you. Glad you found your way back. I was just packing but there was no shirt left, so we will have to do some shopping tomorrow before going to the airport …“
Mycroft offers him a way out, a bleak one, for sure, but everything is better than getting life for murder. So he agrees.
Delicate chalk letters announce that a new gallery has been opened. One is cordially invited to enter and look around.
Why is he at the door? This is his flat after all. But of course he has to survey the room and needs a sturdy doorframe to hold on to, especially in case your … best friend threatens to kill you again because his own wife killed you before.
John clenches his hands and puts the bottle back. He looks towards the wardrobe, shakes his head, returns to the hallway, and pulls down the ladder leading up to the attic.
A last desperate attempt at getting back the happiness, placing John and himself in their beautiful Victorian attire in front of the fireplace, smoking, chatting peacefully, perfectly intimate, him walking to the window and looking out and seeing – the present. The present in which Mary is pregnant and has shot him and John does not know about his wife and Mycroft cannot be trusted and –
And now Sherlock thought he was mourning after Mary and that he wanted to relive the good old honeymoon times on cloud nine - not that there had been a cloud nine honeymoon, the dreams had started after two days in Venice and there had not been a single day at their home in the suburbs that had been half as funny or exciting as the most boring Sunday in Baker Street … anyway.
Mary comes early in the morning. She is worried, standing beside the bed and carefully touching Sherlock’s shoulder. Biting her lip. Very quiet and subdued. John is glad to see her but she leaves sooner than expected, talking about having to buy some baby things.
True, I sometimes thought that something was missing, that there was no real passion on his side, that he was more in love with the concept of marriage than with Mary as a person but he never gave me any reason to believe that he … well, there was the one blurry evening, the disastrous stag night, and I dimly remember him touching my knee and saying he did not mind and us sitting together on the sofa - something we had never done before, it was always the table or the chairs - of my arm thrown casually over the backrest, nearly - or actually? - touching his neck. And then came Tessa. And the wedding.
He knows it would not work, John would feel something was amiss, but he would accept it stoically like a soldier. And Sherlock will clench his teeth until his jaw hurts, enter the plane, wait until they are in the air, get out his phone and read about the day they met.
“Come on, Sherlock, you are going to Venice, the most romantic city in the world. This is where couples go, people who are in love, people on their … oh.“
He is eager to return to the hospital but he has to seize the opportunity. Had anyone told him only days ago that Mary being with a friend would ever become an opportunity to search his own house … but that was before.
He starts to descend the ladder, gripping the rungs as if there was a thousand feet drop beneath him, when he sees it.
They were sitting in front of the magnificent Caffè Florian on Piazza San Marco drinking coffee that judging from the price was made of roasted gold nuggets.
John Watson is not given to self-hatred but there are exceptions. Like the moment when Gemma shows him the scars on Sherlock’s back. Very visible, medical treatment probably came too late for neat scarring, maybe infected as well.
The first words are difficult, John is not really good at talking about this stuff. Feelings. Regrets. Hopes. Fears. But suddenly a dam breaks, giving way to a flood that does not stop until it has run itself dry.
John tries very hard not to cry in front of  Sherlock, ’lets talk about this when you are better’ - he gets up from his chair- ‘I will look for Gemma, your doctor. She will be happy to know you woke up. You gave us a right puzzle.’
Sherlock tries to make sense of his story, to keep to the scenario as planned but he is unable to hold down the memories any longer. Memories and suspicions and the one fear he never dared to voice, not even to himself, not even alone in his bed, at night.
What follows, is hell. Sherlock knows that this is not real, just a film playing in his head, and yet it is hell. (Because something like this could come to pass. Mary is a killer and John is married to her and Mycroft never did anything to prevent this.)
It is fun to meet Magnussen bare-arsed in an Italian restaurant aka the hospital canteen. Even more fun to imagine Billy Wiggins, a man he has met only once or twice, drugging his family with the Christmas punch. Outrageous, but he always gets away with the outrageous things. Drama queen all over.
“John, so now you are offering me an unmarried middle-aged woman who is obviously still a virgin ogling an attractive but clearly married Italian at least a decade younger than herself? Come on, one cigarette to get me through this ordeal. I put on three patches already and I am still getting depressed. I can tell you what will happen without watching the film plodding along to its inevitable, exhausting end. She will sleep with him and then leave him because she knows he is married and she is proud and does not want to be his woman on the side. Fine. And now let’s watch the Great British Bake Off so I can annoy Mycroft."
‘A very important case, Sherlock, and I want you to listen to me. I know who shot you. This is all I have to say for now,’ a pause, ‘and there is something else. I promised to skip the sentimental crap so I will keep it short. I have no idea if you can hear me or if you even want to hear this but, just this once. Let me say it, just once. I love you.’
”Sherlock, good God, you woke up! Finally.“ He is standing beside the bed, gripping the railing. I want to master the burning in my eyes before looking at him.
God, did he look good! The suit looked tailor-made on him, cool, understated, just on the right side of tight-fitting.
Getting into the office, neutralising Janine and the security guard in the few moments between me showing Janine the ring and riding the elevator up to the penthouse.
”This is rubbish, Sherlock, and you know it. Of course I felt attracted to the danger of our cases, of course I saw the battlefield, as Mycroft once put it, but in the end it is not about death and destruction. It is about the thrill of …“
She nods her head towards the door and they leave the room. They find an empty niche with some plastic seats and sit down opposite each other.
John raised his free hand. “No, Sherlock, listen, this is not what best men do. It never was. It was so much more and especially from you. Thank you.“
‘No, thank you, perhaps another day.’ He is suddenly very anxious to take his picture home. So he clamps the package under one arm which is a bit awkward because of its size, grabs his paper bag, says goodbye and leaves. He does not even notice that he did not introduce himself to Juliette.
John should be able to distance himself, he is a professional after all, but this is different. This time he is just John Watson, not an army doctor, not a GP, just John Watson, a friend.
John looked after him, completely taken aback. And then it struck him. Fuck, not again. He was such an idiot where Sherlock was concerned. Before he could make up his mind, Sherlock’s steps had died away amongst the old, damp walls that had seen centuries of heartbreak.
John realised they were completely alone in the narrow street which was quite unusual in a city crammed with tourists.
“Not really, darling“, said Mrs Hudson. “Your irregular diet seems to mess up your brain. I read an article at the hairdresser’s about the connection between the intake of certain vitamins and the human memory …“
He gets up, lights his pipe and starts pacing again, enacts the drama, assigns positions: Mary next to the fireplace – there is the knife, she is clever after all - Mrs Hudson in the kitchen, John in the middle of the room, seething with anger which is normal given the circumstances, himself at the door.
‘Sometimes it takes a leap into the unknown. Uncharted waters. Paths you have not walked before.’ She laughs, slightly embarrassed. ‘Now look at me, waxing poetical while I should have been on to the next ward twenty minutes ago.’
There had been a time when he thought that love was a sentiment found on the losing side. Actually, he thinks so still. The difference being that now it hurts whereas then it was nothing but hard fact, no feelings attached. He has come a long way since the woman who now and then still ghosts through his mind palace, reminding him of the day he realised that John might feel something for him but would never give in to it. A dim, wet factory, cold steel and concrete, half broken down, and the voices of two people, one male, one female, sounding clearly through the empty, ghostlike shell of a building.
I remember my first deductions, all those small details about her life and there in the midst the one word I saw but did not observe. Human error, this time on my part.
