“Glen?”
TRIGGER WARNING: Child Death.
For the sixth trope of Xmas, my fanfic gave to me a Pirate Sherlock and First Mate John learn secrets in the sea.
Rosie hitched on his hip at last, John slid an arm around Sherlock’s waist and kissed his cheek. “I’ve been thinking about what we talked about the other night.”
“When my mother wants a thing done, generally it is done.  Even Mycroft can’t wriggle out of it.”
“He. I.” Rosie made a little sound and settled in his arms. “Him, me and Mary. It was him, me and
Caleb’s laugh was more nervous, more hesitant, to begin with, but the more Phillip beamed at him with glee, the more Caleb found the funny side.
“Deliveries round the back,” said D Mitaka crisply. “No beer there either.”
Molly greeted John at the door with a strange look on her face
Phillip laughed. “Sure am. I brought a kind of date. A not date. I asked a friend to pretend she was my girlfriend so the family would leave me alone while Mom got married. Now Donna’s actin’ like it’s rehearsal for proper dating, and what’s worse, I got every relative on Dad’s side who decided to come, ridin’ my ass cos my fake girlfriend isn’t Jewish.”
“Get a room!” shouted someone.
“I’m happy. Oh. I mean. Not about…”
“John, I won’t take Rosie out if you don’t want me too. But she needs some fresh air and you need to get your shit together. Molly and me’ll take good care of her. See, she’s getting a nice cuddle from her Auntie Molly, and I’ll rip the bollocks off anyone who looks at my niece funny. Just like I punched that twat Ricky in the eye that time he picked on you after school.”
‘It has.’ Porthos placed a large, warm hand on Aramis’s bare chest. ‘I thought I was dreaming when the door opened.’
They sat like that, hand in hand, while he finished the cigarette under the shade of the oak.
“Whatever her shape, she will be perfect, as are you, prince of my heart.”
“Just what in God’s name are you two doing?”
Naturally, Sherlock – the drama queen, ignoring all the chaos – waved his hands and began demanding the foolish toy bear on his bedside cabinet. John, just as naturally going along with whatever lunatic nonsense Sherlock was carrying on with, snatched up the bear and threw it across the room to Lestrade – well, obviously, he wasn’t going to leave Sherlock’s side. Naturally.
Harry stroked the baby’s back. “Your other daddy really is on a case, babykins. Probably. Doesn’t mean he isn’t mad as a fucking balloon though.”
‘Tolerably often,’ Porthos agreed. ‘We always had fun together.’
Greg thinks he may get lucky tonight; get naked; and get to not have to take these shoes off until they’ve both finished with them.
Instead, Sherlock steeled himself to satisfy curiosity, and went to St Martins.
Mrs Hudson, downstairs, was applauding up the stairwell for John too.
“Love you, love you, I love you Sally sweetie.”
Sherlock fisted his hands in the sheets and arched, pushing his chest into John’s mouth. John sucked harder, scraped his teeth over the silk so it pushed hard-soft over Sherlock’s skin. Beneath him, Sherlock arched and wriggled. John rolled his hips, feeling the heat of Sherlock’s erection between his own legs.
“I don’t want to marry you baby,” said Sally, all solemn. “Marriage is a patriarchal trap built to keep women as chattel.”
“Sherlock, dear…” began Mrs Hudson
“We should get Sherlock a dog,” said Mary to John, her tone half teasing, all fond, as she lifted Rosie into the carrier. “Loyal, handy on a case, he likes rubbing their ears…”
“Well. John. There’s something I’ve been meaning to tell you.”
The first time Martin Crieff kissed a princess he forgot to be terrified. He forgot how clumsy he was with women, he forgot that he never knew where to put his nose, he forgot to tell himself that she was way out of his league.
“Worse. I’m going to thread ribbons and bows all through the wheels and parade you around town like the prettiest princess in the Downs.”
Not John singing the Bones song for her.
Sherlock was surprised into hugging his father back, like he hadn’t since he was a boy.
The part of Sherlock that had been Khan knew, soul deep, both monster and man. Had shared his path. Been in a measure responsible for it. And loved him fiercely, former wickedness and all.
A rabbit scampered across their paths in the dusk.
Inspired by conversations with Winklepicker, Atlin and A Secret Scribbler. Then Winklepicker said "what if he did take her current favourite unknowingly and then ran back with it right in the middle of an improtant case because Rosie is more important."
“Now, you crazy kids. Ben’s gonna ask his Mom to give him an imprint, and she’ll say yes because god knows she’s just waiting for him to ask to get more involved.”
Yes, change happens and if we're smart we figure out how to change
Mycroft reached out to John with his reddened arm. John caught at his hand.
Uncle My gave John a quelling glare, which made Rosie squeal with laughter. “Fuddy guff!” She reached for her uncle and he gathered her into his arms, trying to avoid a faceful of tulle and succeeding only in getting a very wet kiss on the eye.
“Ah….. no.” There. It’s said without so many words after all. “You?”
“Well, it worked a treat. You look terrific. Did you see any of the family in Sydney?”
“Ready?”
“That’s the song John and I first danced to,” interjected Sherlock suddenly, cross.
‘No, but sir, it is a matter of honour!’
“Tell me about Sherlock,” he said. “The hospital. Is he all right?”
, you stupid man. You cretin!
“Culverton Smith the philanthropist? Who donated a wing to this hospital?”
John steadied Rosie with one hand, made sure Sherlock was steadying her with two, then leaned across the tub to kiss Sherlock’s temple. “I should have come to you. Mary’s right. We’re rubbish on our own.”
John had pulled Sherlock into his lap, holding tight, trying to find out if he was fatally harmed.
“Yup. Tempered in the field of sibling battles, that boy. Got so he wasn’t even embarrassed by me anymore, and so I lost my power over him. It’s a story of tragedy and pathos, Mike.”
“You could just say you’re ready to come up,” grumbled John down into the damp darkness.
But Rosie had her auntie, and her Uncle My, and Gran Martha, and Poppy Giles and Nanna Lea. She had Aunt Molly and Uncle Greg, too.
“Alone?”
Harry’s reply was instant. “Fuck
“Ah. The cousin.” Giles nodded.
Apparently, it was a great point of honour to the ancient Holmes line that their marriages were conducted without anything as trivial as looks being a factor in the arrangements. To ask for an image was to consider the package more important than the content, as it were, and an affront to their ancient lineage. The match was too advantageous to the Watson clan for them to insist, though John thought the Holmeses should have been sent a photo of him anyway, as fair warning.
Sherlock nodded slowly. “I. I. Feel.”
“Just letting you know I’ll be by tomorrow to get a statement about Smith, if you’re both up to it.”
Half an hour after coffee, Giles and Leandra were heading back to the hospital to sit with Mycroft and offer support through the measurements for his first prosthetic.
John, sobbing, clutched Sherlock close and Sherlock, too, held tight and, shockingly, he too was wrenched with sobs.
Harry sighed. “How the fuck do we do that?”
, you feel good in my hand, you feel good, you’re perfect, my husband, fucking beautiful, that’s it…” as Sherlock began to
Greg is trying decide whether he should still go on stage. Mycroft will certainly recognise him. He’d keep it quiet, Greg is sure, but what would he do with the knowledge? Greg is anxious and angry – this secret of his isn’t about shame, but people like to make it about that. It’s private and it’s his. It’s not about his (ex) wife or his job or the Holmes brothers.
Greg and Mycroft kept the farewells mercifully brief. The bags for tomorrow’s trip to Lorne were already in the honeymoon suite, and they had wedding guests to finish hosting, and also a small bet as to whether Molly, Sally and Harry Watson would go home together. (Mycroft said
“Papa does,” agreed Sherlock. He kissed the hand that held John’s ear, and she hit him in the nose with it. He huffed a little laugh.
Mycroft registered Greg Lestrade’s voice but kept battling to get into that goddamned wheelchair. He had hold of it now, and had got onto his knees at last, and it hurt like the devil but that was nothing to the panic of his racing heart, his brain giving him a dozen scenarios, each one bursting with a dozen more, tributaries of intolerable futures, and he was so gone to the terror that he almost fought when strong arms circled his chest and hefted him into the chair at last.
John snorted. ‘That is hilarious.’
. We loved you, Mycroft, as hard as we could. When you were born, Sherlock, we found joy in our little baby boy.
“We’re going for a walk,” Sherlock deadpanned. “Watson, see? That’s a Red Poll cow. They are very placid cows. There are one, two, three, four, five cows in this part of the meadow.”
John stared at the note. He put it in his pocket. “Later.”
“My god, no wonder your brother was never fazed by Sherlock’s behaviour.”
“I have been consulted on a matter of some importance and secrecy,” Holmes replied, his tone conspiratorial and inviting.
Sherlock didn’t say ‘Be careful’ but John heard it anyway. He kissed Sherlock’s cheek. ‘I love you. I’ll be home as soon as I can.’
However, what had seemed perplexing from the hundred miles distance of London was simplicity itself
The ceremony and the wedding photos and a newlywed pash in public.
“Want a beer?”
like you to.”
There’s plenty of champagne.
When Greg proposed, Mycroft cried. He cried again when he verbalised his yes after three minutes of simply nodding and clinging to Greg’s shoulders. He cried again making the suits, and choosing the ties, and watching Greg make their shoes.
He shook his head.
“Come on Watson!” Sherlock urged, beaming at her.
Ben followed Phas into New Order’s upstairs section. There he found shelves of non-fiction, a small café and a nest of tables.
He turned to take her to the nursery then thought better of it. He sat on the edge of the bed instead. “John.”
Their conclusion was punctuated sharply, with a sudden cry from Richard as he clasped his hands to his belly.
“Penny for your thoughts?” she asked.
This brings us to Rosemund Holmes-Watson's very first and perhaps most profound enthusiasm, which manifest in her eighth month of life and was for flip-flops. As in flip-flops, the inexpensive, rubbery footwear with a thong between the toes.
They drove home along the winding, stunning length of the Great Ocean Road, dropped the Green hire car off and lugged their bags up the 17 stairs to Captains of Industry before heading home.
Then Sherlock’s head shot up at movement in his peripheral vision and his voice rang out across the meadow. “Stop right there!”
“Your favourites?”
“Johnnie. You’re a mess. Sherlock’s a mess. It’s all an awful fucking mess.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John was silent for a while.
Five hours ago a taxi had dropped his mum and dad and sister at the flat, and they’d hugged him hard. Grinned at him. Looked pleased to see him.
But he had found his words.
“That bad, huh?”
! In the same two seconds.
John, shockingly, sobbed. Once. Twice. Fell, sobbing, clutching, onto Sherlock. Pulled Sherlock into his lap again and held so strongly that later there would be bruises.
John, still in his suit, in his beautiful patinaed shoes, knelt astride Sherlock’s hips, splayed his hands around Sherlock’s ribs and bent his head to lip and nibble and suckle at his husband’s lovely nips beneath his delicious tiny bra.
“Of course not. Little Watson is the apogee of adorable babies. Go on then, sell the old pile. It’s not like I’ve been to see it since we left.”
“Pffff. I spent my formative years avoiding clips round the ear from my old man. I’m a world class sneak.” She wafted her hand through the air, spreading citrus and smoke more thinly around the room. Mid-waft, she grimaced at his raised eyebrow.
. “Mama!” she cried, holding out her little hands. Sherlock ran to her and gently put the soft toy in her grabby little fists. The panic in his face faded at the same time as Rosie pushed her face into Pocks’s belly and wiped her nose on him. She gave a few more little sobs, shook the toy in her fists and then threw it at Sherlock’s face.
“No, I meant kiss me. Now. You have consent.”
Three days later Rosamund the Brilliant (she had earlier that day schooled Lestrade on his incorrect usage of the word reagent) revisited the pageant topic by crafting herself a cape made of her father's Belstaff, then sashayed around the sitting room in it.
He let her hug him. “I’m so sorry, John. We miss Mary terribly. If you’d like a break from the city, you’re so very welcome to visit us with Rosie and Sherlock, whenever you like.”
So, as you might imagine, it's been easy for Rosemund Holmes-Watson to develop the occasional idée fixe. A few over the years have included:
“Let me help, sugar,” says Greg softly, straight into Mycroft’s eyes and Mycroft, with a sideways glance dashed to the OD, nods fractionally.
Sherlock has a habit of packing little things of Rosie's and John's when he has to go away on a case without them. Fom half chewed rusks to John's odd socks. Sometimes, he takes the wrong things.
Giles and Leandra watched their son from the sitting room. They exchanged a look. Giles nodded, as though he’d just come to a conclusion on a topic they’d earlier discussed. They held hands and smiled between themselves.
Sherlock considered his cupcake very carefully for a moment before deliberately offering it to John for first bite. John bit, and giggled when he got icing on his nose. Laughed harder when he wriggled his nose against Sherlock’s cheek to transfer the smear.
Sherlock snorted, but still held onto John’s hand.
Halted.
“Nope,” the brat said, surly-cavalier. Phas knew where he got that too.
A doctor dressed in what amounted to a hazmat suit brought John home.
“Good girl,” said Leandra, patting Harry’s back, rocking her slightly in her arms. “Let’s have tea. You can help me bake shortbread. You’re family now.”
But Sherlock was there, Giles right beside him, and Howie, if he’d ever intended to do more than brandish the aged weapon, was disarmed and thrown to the ground before he’d even claimed a target.
John sometimes joined him, though the old leg injury sometimes slowed him down. When not racing Sherlock up and down the beach, he sat on the rocks and admired the view – often of that deliciously athletic view, though sometimes of the ocean and the town, too.
"That I do it…to help her?"
“Well, Rosie is losing patience at being stuck in the pushchair, so I suggest you finish with the not knowing what you’re after and get back up here before one of your parents finds you down that bloody well.”
He fondled Sherlock’s softened cock through the panties, then dropped a kiss on his belly. Then he walked naked across the room and squatted to open his bag.
“In Australian voting terms, that’s a landslide,” declares Molly. She’s not angst-flexing her hands any more. She’s staring at Sally, her eyes huge and round, lashes clumping with tears. Her heart is thumping.
“Do I?” Phillip beamed at him some more.
Harry fumbled with the cigarette a little longer, until it was a shredded mess, and then, suddenly, turned and flung her arms around Leandra, who hugged her back.
“Hardly,” says Mycroft, looking very pleased with Greg. “I’d begun to realise he was getting… hostile as we saw more of each other. Only room for one controlling personality in this relationship, however, and it was never going to be him.” Mycroft blinks at Greg, then. “For you and me, of course, that’s still open to negotiation.”
Until, on that stony path to the hostel where a dying Englishwoman awaited his comfort (John forever and always, too, on his chosen mission to alleviate pain where he found it) – he felt it.
"I do get the idea John."
In the loamy warmth of the Pop Up Garden shed, surrounded by potting mix and trowels and a shelf of seedlings, John Watson-Holmes was handfeeding his husband with bites of pavlova.
Later, enjoying cake and champagne with the people who loved them in their party-perfect house, Greg and Mycroft kissed and Mycroft cried again. Greg cried with him, though, and then they laughed and kissed some more.
Violet understood. She maybe wasn’t excited about Opportunity, but she was excited for his excitement.
“I know, but let’s pretend they won’t.”
“He’s here, in the hospital,” said John, unfolding his arms, becoming terribly alert.
“They’re all idiots,” says Sherlock, and his scornful tone is even more epic than the snort. “Rosie’s clearly well ahead of that dreary pack. She can draw and name the bones, John. She conducts straightforward food-based chemistry experiments and writes creditable reports on the results. She is a bullseye with a ping pong ball and coffee cup. She is a superior child in every way, but I won’t have those morons comparing her to their feeble spawn who aren’t a tenth as gifted as our girl.”
“She doesn’t understand,” Sherlock protested, rising to kiss the top of Rosie’s head, then to kiss John’s ear.
“The gun wasn’t even loaded.”
John went off like a rocket. He shoved his wet, just-sucked fingers into his own mouth to muffle his cries while Sherlock opened wide and deep and took him in. Sherlock’s hands were wrapped around John’s hips, his long fingers massaging the tightening muscles of that gorgeous arse, until John finished coming.
Mycroft Holmes would bless Greg Lestrade later, and shower praise and gifts on him
“Fine. Leave her with Molly and me. Go and shower. You stink.”
“No John. Nor me. It turns out.”
“Fuck this,” she muttered. “I’m the last one who should be crying.”
Harry leaned against the oak and sent a smoke ring into the branches above.
“The puzzle song she wrote. I found it once, as a child – she’d written it out in an exercise book I found in Mycroft’s room…”
Garrideb flinched. “No. I didn’t come to look for the knife. I came. I came to tell Mr Holmes.” He looked over Sherlock’s shoulder to Giles Holmes, clutching hard to his wife’s hand, staring at him with an expression so full of tumbled feelings that it seemed like a storm had taken possession of his soul. “I came to tell you what happened. So you can take me to the police. So we can make an end to it. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. She was so kind to me. I didn’t mean.  It was an accident. I’m so sorry.”
Then both of their eyes travelled down Sherlock’s body to the water, where his blue-black scales gleamed beneath the waves, shimmering green-purple-gold in the light.
‘Not sick of the sight of me yet?’ Sherlock asked.
Once her fathers caught up to their tiny genius, of course poppa did.
John turned, and Sherlock felt that inevitable yet still so surprising click of seeing that John looked at him with essentially the same smile, the same softness, that he gave to Rosie.
at the door heralded Mrs Hudson’s arrival. She pulled a heavy four-wheeled tartan shopping trolley behind her. Sherlock peered at Mrs Hudson’s red sports car in the street, calculated where on earth she’d put the trolley and its contents for the drive, then followed her into the flat.
They moved again, side by side now, legs slotted together, hips rolling so that their pricks slid, trapped between their bodies and slick with need. Breathing in each other’s panting breaths, swallowing each other's soft keening cries. Fingers caressing skin, sliding through sweat-damp hair, lips tasting the salt on each other’s cheeks, and at last, and soon, Sherlock cried out as he came, his eyes pressed to John’s throat and then John came, forehead pressed to Sherlock’s cheek.
lessons up for Christmas.”
John bristled at the accusation, but honesty compelled him to admit that he knew as much. “Some unpleasant gentlemen – I use that word in its broadest sense – have suggested I take the type of payments that apparently were made to my brother. I’ve told them to go to the devil. I suspect they’re the chaps who’ve made it impossible to sell. Now a disreputable firm has offered a pittance for it. I’ve been sorely tempted, but I have my honour still, even if I don’t have many prospects.”
. “And of course the other way around.”
“4,873,987 voted no.”
Their Instagram feeds were full of photographs for days.
“I’d hardly call the local rag ‘the press’ Mummy,” said Sherlock. His fingers rested on Rosie’s right foot while she took her bottle in John’s lap. He and John leaned close against each other, a little easier together perhaps even than yesterday.
“Ha. No. He wasn’t there, as per fucking usual. But it wasn’t about him. It was about me, saying what I needed to say, even if it was contradictory and nobody but me was listening. You just get it out, so it's said. Probably doesn't help but maybe it doesn't hurt. I can't tell.”
“-what you were thinking!”
“And what’s Musgrave to you?”
‘Here,’ suggested Porthos, pulled but his blanket. His bed was wide enough for two by a small margin. The fact that he wore not a stitch himself was beside the point.
Molly tried to take his pulse. He snatched his hand away.
it’s time to replenish the barbeque.”
“So what’s up?” asked John as they passed through the gate and walked towards the village centre in the sunshine.
Greg felt a bit teary himself. For all he was a close friend, and knew about John’s art and his studio, this week was the first time he’d actually seen the
John put brackets around that (thrillingly) to examine – or more likely ignore - later.
“You think they disapprove?”
All John Watson really needs, really, is to be loved by the two people he loves most in this world.
“Nothing.”
“S’okay baby, s’okay,” murmurs Greg, rocking his darling in his arms, crying too, kissing him.
‘Happy anniversary, Sherlock.’
“Thanks, Harry. You’re always such a help.” Snide and weary, but more weary than snide.
Molly made a rude noise.
“Is she?”
That many of these experiments lead to the child kicking her feet gleeful and shouting "Bang!" and then "Oops!" as Sherlock deftly manages another smoking ruin is to be expected.
“So you did,” conceded Mycroft with a soft smile. “You and your rendition of
“Your father and I were working in the greenhouse,” she said finally. “Mycroft was playing with Eurus in the house. We had no reason to believe they wouldn’t be safe. They were
“I think she was glad to tell me, really. It’s not something we discuss as a family. I knew I had a sister, I knew she died in a terrible accident. Mycroft spoke of her sometimes, but was as likely to use her name as a dire warning as with any sorrow or affection. Something of a boogie man, really, about the dreadful things that would happen if I didn’t behave correctly. He invoked it often, but the East Wind never came for me. Well.” Sherlock squeezed John’s hand and studied the road. “Not until much later in my life.”
“If it is, you’re the one complicating it. Everyone who ever saw you three together knew it
And she told him what had happened with Mycroft at the hospital. Sherlock, brow furrowed, thought about it. Fingers flying over the phone, he pulled up page after page of old news reports.
“Yeah.” She traced the path with her fingertip. “Then Zeta Leonis.”
‘It’s a sourdough starter.’
John blinked at her, almost amused, almost angry. “Really?”
'Well. There was the Great Forgetting of 2020. Lessons were learned.'
Mycroft closed his eyes again. “It’s my fault.”
“Mm.” Mr Holmes nodded. “Well. Ah. I suppose. Carry on?”
People, she thought, are very stupid.
Martin put his hands around Theresa’s waist and they wrapped themselves up in each other and kissed and kissed.
Fuck.
“There you go, Johnnie. He needs a rest and to see you. You need a shower and to see him.”
“What did your therapist advise?” Mycroft asked after a moment.
For it is only after he's off to work that Sherlock dresses Rosie in goggles and enormous latex gloves. Sometimes he stuffs fluorescent foam plugs into Watson's ears. It's then he does horrific things to Rosie's Farley's, terrible things to her rusks, and the less said about what happens to the Cow & Gate the better.
She could hear Rosie start to cry.
#hipstersinlove #justmarried #mrhusband #groomandgroom # #happilyeverafter #happiesteverafter
“Fuck Mycroft,” said John, his voice quiet, steady, and swollen with loathing.
“Sure. You know where I can get these guaranteed bestsellers?”
He fell to the floor with a crash. The needle from the saline drip tore loose from where it had been taped against his arm, leaking sedative poisoned saline onto the floor.
She hoped this would work. Mycroft knew how to appeal to Sherlock’s smartarse brain, but Sherlock’s smartarse brain wasn’t exactly firing on all thrusters.
Greg and Mycroft were married in their own back yard.
“I suppose I finally understand about Rachel, now.”
To congratulate each other on winning the Competitive Parenting game, John and Sherlock take half an hour to enjoy a little afternoon treat of their own.
“Since I got trapped in a remote house by an AI and nearly starved to death before I got found and they blew up the door to get me out. So. So I. I don’t like the indoors that much. Or. Um. Women who get a bit. Keen. Before I’m. Um.” Caleb cleared his throat. “It was only meant to be a favour. Pretend. She didn’t want to come alone. But she’s. Hmm. Keen.”
He said: Let's make love on a mountain top
“Glen definitely thinks I’m a terrible kisser.”
“A mother to have seen them grow,” he said quietly. “The last time I saw Sherlock smile like that, it was his seventh birthday. Leaona had bought him a chemist set and spent the day helping him do experiments. Two days later she was dead. Aneurysm. At work.”
John did, rocking into Sherlock’s body while Sherlock writhed and arched and encouraged with gasps and mewls and ‘fuck me’ and, as John’s pace quickened, with ‘yes’ and ‘husband’.
“Are you having second thoughts?” asked Mycroft gently.
John turned and marched out of the room, Giles at his heels.
“Mycroft’s got the idea there’s shifty goings on at the hospital. He thinks it’ll help distract Sherlock to have something to occupy his mind.”
John’s phone pinged. He released Sherlock’s hand long enough to open the message, and he smiled. John showed the picture of Rosie that Harry had sent first to Leandra, then to Sherlock. Their little girl was gnawing on the octopus, dressed in a sunny yellow dress, her blue eyes scrunched as she cackle-giggled at her auntie's fingers wriggling on her belly.
“A case? Oh. Yes. Culverton Smith. I’m…” Mycroft frowned again, and his hand went to his forearm under the long sleeves of his pyjama shirt.  “My arm hurts.” He gave John another confused frown. “Someone was just here.” He shuddered. “They said. Something. Something…” He shook his head. “Terrible.”
“I didn’t,” he said. “I don’t.”
“Rosie is perfectly all right!”
Mycroft wrinkled his nose at the vapour wreathing around the stem. “It keeps my doctor, my mother and my personal assistant from nagging. It’s not so bad.” He offered it to her and she took a drag on it.
Khan’s warm, large hands resumed the caress of his Richard’s body. “Yes. Born again, into our perfection.” He kissed Richard’s bent back, his withered arm, his shoulders, throat, jaw, cheek.
Harry stomped out of the room. Mycroft watched her go, but he wasn’t thinking of Harry and her upset and being the source of this upset.
“Perhaps.” Mycroft pressed his hand over his forearm again.
John had avoided his cousins in Sydney after the first uncomfortable meeting and jokes about Pommy Bastards coming over to Take Our Women. He’d pointed out he wasn’t interested in their women. Things had got awkward for a bit.
Their room looked over the Eureka Building next door. John’s grin grew wider, wondering if Sherlock realised what their view was yet.
Anyway, when Sherlock actually went ahead and won the award—against actual competition—Rosie was so excited in the announcing she said, "And the award goes to Holmes!" So excited was Sherlock when he stepped up to the podium that he said, "Thank you Watson," and don't think that the press didn't write about
“Is there really a case?” John asked, while he couldn’t see Sherlock’s face.
Richard arched into each touch; he part-turned to kiss his Khan’s sweet mouth.
“Nothing. It was an accident. It was a terrible accident.” He was weeping.
John examined the card. 'Room key. Posh hotel. Oh, look, the Langham. Are you whisking me away for my birthday?'
“Our deaths happen to other people,” he whispered, his head on her shoulder where she held him. “I’ve never thought about Euros that way. I never knew her. This. This feeling. This. Mycroft was right. Better to cut it off. I don’t know how.”
!) you did what you had to do to make it better, and that was that.
John thought this was stupid. And dangerous. And stupid. That stupid man and his stupid ideas and his stupid lovely mouth and his stupid grey eyes looking at him like he was the most interesting thing he’d seen all night. Bloody stupid this was.
During his sojourn in the nursery, Bart had absorbed the scents of baby powder and a little of Mary’s Clair de Lune and even a frisson of John’s aftershave, and the homeness of it sent Sherlock finally to sleep, with his mother singing to him on one side, John holding his hand on the other.
The level of smugness in the honeymoon suite rose about 200 percent and John pressed sleepy, lazy kisses all over Sherlock’s face, his sticky hand on Sherlock’s peachy arse. Sherlock lay in his arms, relaxed as a wet noodle, smugness vying with a beatific smile.
“Oh I don’t know,” said Leandra, “You’ve been extremely helpful to us at IT Lesbian level for a few months now. John, your sister has set up the whole house with WiFi, even out into the shed, and I can control the sound system from my iPad.”
“I think I need more lessons.”
On the grass of England, grown green on Richard’s blood, they kissed again, the first desperate crush of it, as though fearing loss was near at hand again, softening to assurance.
After the speeches, Phas and their part-timer Finn and his boyfriend Poe all worked like troopers at the counter.  Leia, Luke, Han and Chewie were all there, lending moral support.
“When did you last eat, Johnnie?” Harry demanded.
She pulled out another cigarette and made to light it, then tiptoed to the door to check the corridor. She pulled her head in suddenly, alarmed, and flicked off the lighter.
He pulled in a hard breath and pressed a closed fist against the bridge of his nose.
Maxi-Watson happened to be right beside Sherlock at that moment and he kind of ruined the moment a little by trying to hug Sherlock but instead accidentally head-butting him so hard they both had a bruise next day.
“I didn’t know your sister. I moved here after that happened. After your family left the area.”
“Looks like.”
“Since when has love had anything to do with what we deserve? I should hope we all are loved beyond what we think we deserve. People are much harsher critics of themselves than any stranger could ever be. I think you deserve our love, Harry. You’re thoughtful and kind. Helpful and practical. It’s been wonderful having you around the house, and helping here. You make us laugh, and that’s never a gift to be taken lightly.  You have become a very dear friend to us, Harry, and we shall love you whether you think you deserve it or not.”
John was pleased about that. A bit confused. He didn’t remember them all getting on so well.
“And you agreed to go?”
And then she was on hands and knees and crawling towards them with a determined little face. She listed, rolled, wriggled and scooted on her belly before she got knees and hands coordinated again.
“She’s hopelessly straight, if that’s what you’re asking.”
Leandra had been thinking about that damned article all morning. She shared Mycroft’s anger at the presumptuousness of it. The death of her daughter was not a fit subject for prurient curiosity now they were finally selling the property.  Yet Sherlock was correct. Mycroft was unsettled beyond mere offence at the thing, but he had too many troubles of his own to concentrate.
Pocks the Fox was obviously on an impromptu holiday, and Rosie the Posie was having two hundred kinds of pink fit that Pocks the Fox was not available for her to suck on his ears.
He listened to her walk to the side of the bed. Heard her take something from her pocket. Open a cigarette packet and extract a cigarette. He heard the flick of the lighter, the faint crackle of the tobacco as it burned, as she sucked on the filter. He smelled the smoke then too.
“Oh,” says Neil, and then can’t think of anything else to say.
“Because something about that article this morning is troubling Mycroft, more than the sheer intrusiveness of the thing, and he doesn’t seem to know what it is. I thought I’d. See if I could find out.”
“Oh,” she said. Then that eyebrow came in for a landing and set in a line with the other, and even imperious Mr Holmes Senior paused at the hard look she gave him.
“I used all your personal details to create the profile, but my photograph.”
“Hmm.”
‘My brother soldier brought a loaded musket to bed,’ he laughed, sultry and teasing. ‘So soon after firing it in another field?’
“I’ve been reading…”
“I know that.”
Like, not a half-full bottle, no. Full. Tippy, tippy
John stands with Rosie on one hip, a spoon of pumpkin puree that Rosie is refusing to eat in one hand and his hair sticking up like an electrified hedgehog because he hasn’t had time to find a comb.
“I’m up in 15.”
That was no clearer, but then he went on.
“You wear that tie on dates, John. How on earth do you get women to kiss you while wearing it?”
He would strike anyone who did
“Thank you for that mental image. And even so. Our presence is required. Anyway, aren’t you always on about wanting to know all about
He was grateful Harry didn’t try to read it from where she sat, though she studied his face, which was almost as uncomfortable.
“And you are?” asked Sherlock imperiously, though John knew that Sherlock already knew who he was. Sherlock had pointed Garrideb out to him not fifteen minutes before.
“Yes, I have the hottest husband on this rooftop.” He leaned forward though, to allow Mycroft to remove his suit jacket and tie and to undo the top few buttons. “Oooh, now Hot Husbands come 58% hotter.”
“Truly. It was a very fine performance.”
Mycroft’s eyes soften. “Have I?” he asks, as though the evidence isn’t in and Greg’s in so deep he’ll never get out again.
“I know you do.”
“Do I need to remind you that you’re gay?”
“Victor. Yes. Always off exploring, Mycroft hovering at the rear like an overprotective Saint Bernard. Sometimes we made him play the part of Horatio Nelson and he’d have to wear an eyepatch.”
'The box is empty, John.'
Rosie mimics her papa by reaching for things with her little hands. She drops them sometimes and is a bloody nuisance for a bit.
“You could try both. I’m very horny.”
A bit of silliness for the Friends to Lovers trope.
“That’s settled then,” said Sherlock. Sherlock bent to drop a kiss on John’s head, bent further to kiss Rosie’s head, and she grabbed him by the shirt, leaving pea-green fingerprints.
Sherlock is on his feet, which are taking him towards John, who’s already on his way to Sherlock.
Harry grinned, hugged him, hugged John, pretended to eat Rosie’s fingers to make Rosie squeal with delight, and left with the Holmes seniors.
“Yep.”
Giles stood at his wife’s side, his hand resting on his boy’s shoulder. Sherlock raised his haunted eyes to meet his father’s.
Sherlock flicked the light off again as they left the motorhome, but not before seeing Harry pushing Mycroft in his wheelchair back towards the Hall. After they’d passed, he set off in the direction his brother had just left, John at his side.
“You insert one end in the nose, create a vacuum by sucking on the other end. There’s a filter, of course, and the… the discharge is trapped in a chamber at the insertion point. Perfectly safe and prevents cross infection, even if a bit gross. There are electronic versions…”
“Not undercover then.”
Now Earthlings were Martians too, settling the planet that Oppy had first explored on their behalf. They’d looked for her of course, and her sister, but twenty years after Oppy fell silent, nobody expected to find her any more.
"Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's got the prettiest hair of all?"
They walked through the chamber door into the elegant boardroom beyond.
Mummy was silent for a space. Instead of protesting her innocence she said, ‘My love to John, Sherlock. And to you, of course.’
looks.
“And what’s that?”
“John wrote to us about the cabbie murders. How he’d solved them, but the cops wouldn’t listen.”
John’s jacket had been thrown over a low ladder. His braces were off his shoulder, his trousers unbuttoned and pushed down, his jocks too, and while Sherlock sucked John’s pavlova-sweet fingers, Sherlock was wanking his beloved brand new husband with gooey fingers, coated in the inappropriate yet effective lubricant of sticky pavlova filling and cream.
Underneath, a wee scrap of a teeny silk bra, two soft triangles trimmed in lace, held together with slender white ribbon around his ribs, over his shoulders.
John and Sherlock and Rosie, and their extended family. It's okay to not be okay. But it's okay for things to get better, too.
“Yes we will,” John said.
has come to town,” Sherlock grumbled as he straightened his shirt and trousers and turned to place a calming hand on Rosie’s back. That was mostly so he could collect his own calmness too, as he and John exchanged
“That’s my journal,” he said grimly.
“And saved us. You, my dear, have wings.”
'When did you put this in my pocket?'
“Not bad.”
‘Where are you?’
“Your eyes are very blue when you’re cross.”
His eyes are riveted on Mycroft and his boyfriend, who Greg wants to dislike instantly, but at least is self aware enough to know it’s not fair.
John smiled. “I’m thinking how much I love you. I’m thinking how happy I am we found each other. I’m thinking about whether I’m going to suck you off through those panties I know you’re wearing before or after I have my wicked way with you.”
Life is full of change.
“And get to know my in-laws,” Mr Holmes agreed. “And please. Call me Sherrinford.”
“He does a bit,” said John.
"Sorry I gave you a fright," she said hurriedly and kissed him on the cheek. "But please. See him." Then she fled, still with that odd expression.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “You like cases. They need to be mindful of your interests, John. Relationships go both ways.”
Mary Morstan strides in.  “Coffee later,” she says. “After champagne.”
John sat on the sofa with the newspaper folded in his lap, having given up pretending to read it ten minutes ago. At first he’d merely been alert while skimming the rugby results, but soon he stopped to watch Sherlock dash. They’d only been flat sharing for two months, but already John had a Pavlovian response to that dash. It meant a case. Adventure. Time spent thrillingly with Sherlock.
Scratched into Mycroft’s arm, scored into it with Mycroft’s sharp fingernails – which John could see now were grimy with dried blood under the nail – were the words:
Sherlock opened the front door. Sally Donovan stood by her car. She nodded at the bags of groceries she’d left for him.
‘John, ssshhh, let me look after you.’
“Get that look off your face.”
“When did you last eat?” Molly asked gently.
‘Spoilsport. How about ‘best friend-iversary?’
That night, after Rosie was asleep, her three parents fell laughing into bed at the Watson’s flat, John mock-growling until his ears were rubbed, then other places.
Molly’s voice preceded her into the room – “Sherlock, I got your text…” – but she fell silent as she entered. “Oh! Um.”
, John thought, looking at Rosie's fist. That made him sad. He didn’t want Rosie to have to be a fighter like he and Harry had always had to be. He’d wanted her life to be good, filled with love.
'I do. That's the point.'
brother. Mycroft."
“WE had Mycroft. You were on the way. We found a way,” said Giles softly.
10.00am.
“He hasn’t been to see John either,” said Harry.
Leandra had to catch Giles by the arm before her husband could reach Smith to punch him while in police custody. Donovan tugged Smith, none too gently, from the room before any of these angry, suffering people could give the nasty little toad the beating to within an inch of his life he so thoroughly deserved.
It’s my fault
He had to stop distracting himself with thoughts of Culverton Smith, though, when Giles knocked on a door labelled ‘CS 01’ and softly entered.
John and Mary exchanged indulgent looks.
They were still kissing, oblivious to their guests, when their very wise guests all tiptoed back into the garden to let them revel in their luck.
“I won’t miss another day,” Sherlock promised.
Sherlock, shocked and amazed and desperately grateful that John still lived, that they were both delivered, wrapped his arms around John and tried to soothe him.
Harry’s phone buzzed with a text from John.
Occasional embarrassment among friends is nothing compared to Rosie pointing things out from the car and naming things herself: “Puppy! Pleeseman! Gubbage truck!” and remembering she’d pushed the dinosaur into your pocket “so you won’t be lonely without Daddy and me”.
John, when he paused for breath, asked,  “Why the hell did you dress like me for your case date?”
“I’ve overtaxed my strength,” Mycroft said, allowing the pain and exhaustion that was crashing down on him to show. “Return me to my room?”
That’s okay, though.
“Tell him something strange is going on at this hospital.”
“He might respond if you go. A link with John and Rosie.”
“I was. But I followed you.”
“I get it you know,” she said.
“Feel better?” Harry asked, joining him in the kitchen. “You look slightly less like hell.”
“Don’t worry,” said Culverton Smith grandly, “There’s so much more detail. I’ll make sure you get it all. I was caught before my time, but I’ll still be famous.”
“You’re still allowed to be sad.”
A Rosemund and Sherlock by any other name would still (sometimes) smell as sweet…
I might teach you how to box
“One second!”
“A little birdie told me you were all home again!” said Mrs Hudson chirpily.
“Yes?”
Enough was enough. John straightened, cleared his throat, raised his chin and went into battle.
“Recording,” Sherlock rasped, “He confessed to fourteen murders. His uncle. His daughter. More.”
for her! If you’d come to me I could have reached her in time! I could have
They had missed the moment Moriarty had so suddenly stopped screaming, wrapped instead in each other’s short sharp breaths, the pounding of their hearts.
John watched Sherlock march determinedly down the grassy slope. He tilted up his chin when Sherlock drew close and reached to cradle his face.
“Culverton Smith wing,
“You should go to them,” said Mrs Hudson. “Wish them well.”
“There, sweetheart, there Rosie girl, there, there,” he says, bouncing her gently in his arms and trying to undo the lid and thinking the Taliban didn’t kill him but Cow and Gate’s twist-top lids just might. “Hush sweetie, good girl, this fucking lid, ssh ssh, don’t listen to Daddy, sweetie, oopsy daisy, just a…” he nearly drops the jar, “fuckety fucking fuck...”
that family. This pair includes the tallest Holmes-Watson (1)
John placed a hand on Sherlock’s ankle and slowly dragged his fingers over the cloth: over shin and knee, thigh and hip. (Sherlock flexed underneath the sliding fingers, seeking more pressure than John was giving, wanting touch, but enjoying this all the same.)
A bellow of rage – ‘He is in here! I know it!’ – transformed Aramis’s wistful memories back to alarm.
“Yes.” Mycroft was peeling the tissues back. When they stuck to his skin he reached for a glass of water to dampen them.
In the aftermath of the truth, new friendships are cemented; lovers reconnect; and a family grows toward a better future.
They fell into a bit of a funk then, Sherlock contemplating his folded hands, John contemplating the idea of Sherlock going on dates and being a terrible kisser, reputedly. A crime, that. Sherlock Holmes looked so damned kissable.
Rosie cried. Rosie coughed. Rosie cried again.
The title comes from the old convict song,
Sherlock clasped John to him, nose buried in John’s hair. He kissed, frantic-hard, John’s temple and cheek, his mouth, kissing a gruff, desperate sound against his lips.  His body surged against John’s and then he pulled away, gasping, “Sorry, sorry, sorry.”
“Make sure John gets this,” he said.
“My name is Sherlock Holmes, and it is my business to know things,” the man laughed, eyes sparkling, as though sharing a great joke.
Sherlock took a deep breath. Mycroft offered his little brother an elbow.
“My father,” said Sherlock. “He came. He came all this way. Not to stop me, or fight, or demand I go home. He just. Wants. I think he just wants me to be happy.”
This had the unfortunate consequence of stopping the kissing. “My details?”
“See,” Sherlock whispered to John, “They hardly missed us.”
'The box that was delivered with the papers is empty.'
He shops. Rosie plucks at his shirt and sings to herself.  It’s positively peaceful.
Mr Holmes cocked an eyebrow at him. “You’re not a simple cobbler, are you?”
“Mo’wer daddy! Mo’WERRR!”
John didn’t even realise that had slipped out till it had, so he barrelled right on and hoped Sherlock woudln't deduce an entire bit of his sexual history he hadn't got round to mentioning. “But yeah, sure, I can give you some pointers.”
That first kiss, when he forgot all the things he thought he wasn’t, wasn’t stolen, wasn’t secret. It was traded on a sunny day in the shade of a Linden tree.
John was almost straddling him, holding ferociously tight, until John shifted to sit on the floor, pulling Sherlock into his lap. Still holding so tight, so tight. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John too, clinging just as hard.
?” suggested Greg.
Harry laughed low. “That’s the plan, Skinny.”
Phillip raised his eyebrows, encouraging further admissions.
“She needed a date for this wedding. Linda Monk’s her aunt. My therapist said I needed to get out more. I’m not. I’m not good with people since.”
“That’s hours away! You were half way to Newcastle!”
Leandra and Giles had joined Harry in the kitchen, opening the window and fanning the smoke out with a tea towel. Leandra poked at the burnt bun and broke it in half, revealing the centre of it wasn’t quite cooked yet.
‘And I know you hate being unwell, but this isn’t the same as after Afghanistan either.’
Ha. What a sentimental old duffer he’d been for roughly seventeen years, actually, once Greg had taught him the trick of it.
‘Send a loaf to Mrs Hudson when you try it, then. Surely we owe her about a hundred loaves now, for the scones alone.’
for you. Does a soul good to know brothers can still care for each other in this troubled world.”
‘You dream of me often?’
He totally was.
Speeches, toasts, and an unexpected guest.
“Yes, Sherlock?”
Mycroft is gazing at Greg’s face with a sense of wonder. It takes him a moment to reply. “No,” says Mycroft.
“The night is young,” said Sherlock, “And you haven’t fucked me yet.”
For example.
“John.” A harsh croak.
“Once they got started, however,” Mycroft continued, “There was no stopping them. And here we are, Sherlock and his husband, John Watson. A man of honour and merit. Sherlock has never needed my opinion or approval, but I’d like to take this opportunity to say, John, that you are indeed a man worthy of my singular and exceptional little brother. It daily brings me joy to see the joy you bring him, and he to you. Welcome officially to our family, which you’ve been part of these three years. May all your days be bright, joyful, and exceptionally well groomed.”
Mycroft laughed at him, a soft huff, and it made Sherlock laugh too.
Porthos shifted a leg over Aramis’s thigh, bringing their bodies closer together.
Mycroft swung out the bed, fell to the floor as he reached for the wheelchair parked just out of reach, but John didn’t stay to help.
He’d dated this princess, sure. They had walked around Duxford Air Museum together, and he’d babbled with passionate enthusiasm about the planes. Princess Theresa (Her Serene Highness Princess Theresa Gustafa Bonaventura of Liechtenstein, Countess of Spondheim, and Protector-Extraordinary of the Cantons of Nim) became simply Theresa sometime during the course of that magic afternoon, when she encouraged his babbling, adding her own knowledge to his.
Aramis kicked the door shut and listened against it. ‘Not a bedchamber.’
Because change happens whether we believe it will or won't, and if we're smart we figure out how to change with it.
John turned at the tremor in Sherlock’s voice. “Sherlock?” Sherlock was pale. Eyes blinking hard. A wash of panic still in them. John draped the clean clothes over the bench and went to him. “Hey. It’s okay.”
He nodded stiffly.
“Plausible cases go to the police. My work is in the implausible. You know that. So. Will you?”
, they think,
John nodded.
"So you'll show me?"
“No church,” said Mrs Hudson as she materialised at her wise boyfriend’s side. “And it was a private ceremony. And you are….?”
“You were snooping.”
“Everyone here?” John asked
So, cuddling one-year-old Rosemund close with one hand, Sherlock clutched her tiny, tiny index finger with his other,
Harry tiptoed back to Mycroft. He was fast asleep, but even to her untrained eye it seemed odd, his breathing a bit laboured.
Tears pricking at his eyes, he leaned close to her again.
“Indiana’s most expressive in art, like his grandad. My dad has paintings in the Tate,” says Faye in a tone that suggests skills with words are for stodgy children fit only for a career in insurance.
playing on loop on John's laptop.
John took her hand and kissed her cheek. “Thanks for coming. She’s missed her Gran. We’ve missed you.”
Rosie cried and coughed and a bubble of mucus formed, grew and deflated before he could get to it. He wiped again and kissed her warm forehead.
It’s not only random Rosie things that Sherlock slips into his going-away gear. One of John’s socks vanished into a pocket once. John’s Work Pen (engraved, a gift from an earlier stint at a hospital. John feared it had been used in experiments, but it was returned in better condition than when it was taken). Once, a book that John was half way through. He got that one back with scathing notes in the margins about the accuracy of the science and idiocy of the protagonists, and a single strong exclamation mark followed by a smiley face against the page containing the passionate sex scene involving a man in army uniform.
He flashed a sudden smile. ‘How’s Chris?’
“Idiots,” said Harry. She lifted Rosie, who was starting to grizzle again, into her arms and pointed out a pair of dachshunds walking with their owner nearby. “See, Rosie? Puppies!”
Caleb stared at him, wide-eyed. “A week after your dad died? That’s… that’s…”
Note the rating change from Mature to Explicit.
Sherlock was right next to him, arm around John’s waist, nose almost pressed to the window.
John’s eyes flew open and he sat straight up, until he saw them and the hyper alertness faded. “Everything all right?”
“He’s a mess.”
Sherlock watched him coming, and John saw the fear in his eyes already.
The sister runs swiftly past willow and beech
Harry heaved a shuddering breath and blew her nose wetly. She wiped and shoved the tissues in her pocket with her cigarettes. “I had a sister for a less than a year. I really, really liked her. I liked having a sister.” She sniffed again, and accepted the next offered tissues more graciously. “After all that shit went down at Christmas, she used to call me. Just to talk. Not about what happened. Other stuff. Anything. Nobody ever just calls me, you know? Well, Giles and Leandra do now. They’re really sweet. I went last weekend to set up their Wi-Fi for them. Leandra’s teaching me how to bake, since Mary never got me past cupcakes, and I burned those. Giles says he’s going to teach me joinery. Hang on.”
“Thanks.” John’s hand shook slightly as he took it from her. He held it pressed against his stomach. “Thank you. So much. Greg will give them back after the ceremony, if that’s okay?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” he said almost wistfully. “Wealth. Power. Influence.”
“And why are we here now?”
The January sun was fierce. John, like any well-informed Aussie, slowly built up a golden tan without getting sunburnt by taking to the sea in the later afternoon. Sherlock, being the type to burn to a crisp with the least effort, watched from under an umbrella and a sunhat and dense layers of sunblock until sunset, when he’d strip down to his running shorts and singlet to jog the length of the beach.
the next day because really, they'll write about nearly anything.
John was starting to improve, but was still weak as a kitten. He also stank of sweat and illness, despite the attempted bed baths.  He was so frustrated and felt so foul that he went from foul tempered to unexpected weeping in a matter of seconds.
“That I’m loved so much by the smartest, most handsome, most talented fiancé that ever lived. That my husband-to-be’s heart is so full that it overflows at every reminder that we get say ‘I do’ out loud and sign our names on a piece of paper and be
“But she’s married now, and I gotta come out some time, don’t I? And we both got fake girlfriends to un-date by the end of the day. And you’re not only hot, but I’m pretty sure there’s a least a dozen more kinds of kiss to investigate.”
Sherlock pulls John in for a hug and a deeper kiss.
“Oh, totally fuck you, Mycroft Holmes,” Harry snarled, “Don’t you fucking dare.”
And then there was the day that Rosie was screaming in her high chair, throwing mashed peach all over the floor, the table, her father, and herself,  and nothing could calm her down or make her desist.
“It’s about John,” said Sherlock suddenly.
Giles, his fists bunched in Howie’s coat, was almost banging Howie’s head against the ground.
“I have been instrumental in untold numbers of highly sensitive and deeply secret negotiations between international governments, espionage agencies and the pathetic squabbles of three British governing parties. I mastered the piano when I was six and have solved complex equations in my head since I was eight.”
“Former budding arsonist here, Mike.”
“You should see the view!”
Look, all John cares about, all he's ever cared about, is that they are a family. If Rosie wants to call her papa Buttercup and Sherlock's fine with that, then Sherlock is Buttercup. Similarly, if Sherlock wants to call their child Dr. Baby Watson or Darling Girl or Dr. Rosemund Watson Holmes Darling Baby Girl, then that is who she is for the duration.
“Get that in ya,” he advised.
Sherlock took off his shirt and shoes and clambered into the bathtub, splaying his legs on either side of the baby tub, never mind that it was gangly and awkward. John didn’t say a word, only knelt on the tiles and held Rosie up while Sherlock took the towel away, and into her bath she went.
Greg lowered himself to the ground beside Mycroft, who was hiding behind one of the raised garden beds in the rooftop garden.
“Don’t be idiotic.”
“It’ll be a majority yes,” Molly says, studiously calm, but she keeps making anxious fists, flexing her hands. “The polls for years have said Australians are in favour of marriage equality. It’ll be yes.”
“We’re going to be all right,” said John.
“Harry?”
In another part of the haunted now, Sherlock hunched on the floor at the end of the sofa. He stared into space, mind absorbing all he’d read and speculated about the problem Harry Watson had brought to him yesterday.
“I love him.”
John pulled out his phone to see the text message:
Sherlock shot him an assessing look. “Your ears are very sensitive.”
Eventually they subsided into a sticky cuddle, too content to seek the shower yet. Sherlock wriggled to get closer to John and John wrapped his arms tighter around Sherlock and buried his nose in Sherlock’s hair.
John Garrideb had started to cry. “I’m not James Winter. That’s not me anymore. My name is John Garrideb.”
“Make a wish!” called out Giles, his hand clasped in Leandra’s.
Mrs Hudson was used to a variety of declarations, shouting, occasional crashing furniture and hysterical laughter from upstairs. Only very occasionally were those sounds related to cases.
John had seen the signs of excessive drinking already. He’d have known them from Harry’s past, even without years of medical experience and familiarity with Sherlock’s piercing observations. The broken blood vessels, the red eyes, the shakes. Buttons done up, mismatched. The scent of too much aftershave, covering up a stale smell of alcohol.
“I’d be furious with your brother for not going to see mine, if I wasn’t certain he’s just as fucked up as Johnnie,” she said. ‘Molly says he’s kind of living in a nest he’s made at the end of the sofa. I don’t think I was meant to tell you that. Your mum thinks you’ve got enough to worry about.”
Mycroft’s expression is avid.
Sherlock looked at her in some surprise, but let the cover alone and wiped his hands. He went to her side. Leandra took a calming breath and exhaled.
“Yeah. It’s not his head that’s the problem, exactly. But Mycroft doesn't know the first fucking thing about engaging Sherlock’s feelings. I'm a first class fuckup and even I know that much. ”
“It’s a fuck of a thing,” said Harry, “But I think it’s taking sibling rivalry a bit too far.”
“It doesn’t make you a bad person, Sherlock, if you would like the comfort of sex with John. It doesn’t mean you loved Mary less, or that you’re somehow over her before he is. Grief is not a competition. After Eurus. Well. Well.” Giles cleared his throat. “Your mother and I. I was. Not much in the mood, as you say. But your mother wanted so much to be held. To find comfort in. Intimacy. But we talked, and we realised that intimacy can mean many things. So the. The cuddling and the holding hands and kissing are good. You both need that. Perhaps you can do other things too. Even with a little one around, you can… hug more. Cuddle more. I used to brush your mother’s hair for her. I told her how much I loved her. It was good for us both, Sherlock. Nobody was in the wrong. How we lived through our grief for your sister was different, but not better or worse, or more or less meaningful. Just different. We talked and we tried to always be there for each other, and eventually we were back on the same wavelength.”
Moriarty screamed No! and his clawed hands reached to drag them down, but he fell faster than they. His wail faded as it became more distant.
Sherlock sighed the sigh of the longsuffering. “It’s not rocket science, J-“
Mr Holmes made a half-hearted scoffing noise.
is where John Watson (Maxi) stands on
“Mr Holmes, why are you here?”
“I sent him here to keep him safe,” said Sherrinford.  “But he was supposed to come back. With or without Mycroft.” He'd already lost Mycroft by then, he knew. All the demands and lectures in the world hadn't changed that, and Sherrinford had lacked the wisdom to know how to make him return.
‘I do like a friend with benefits,’ murmured Aramis. He rolled closer, hands splayed across Porthos’s bare hips, kissing the soft skin of Porthos’s throat.
‘Happy meet-iversary, Sweetpea.’
“Sure. Isn’t everything? It’s a family tradition, really.”
Rosie clung to Harry and stared unhappily at the camera. She hung onto Harry with one damp fist and sucked her thumb. Harry laid her cheek on the baby’s golden hair, fixed a reassuring smile on her face and took the picture.
Sherlock, needing to concentrate on a scrappy audio recording that might hold the key to a kidnapping, snapped off the radio as he entered the living room.
“It’s an Aussie tradition for the best man and the chief bridesmaid to hook up on the wedding day.”
Harry didn’t obviously watch him, though he knew she was doing so. He half resented it, but the other half felt if not safe then at least… not alone. His big sister had always done her best, in her own messed up way, to look out for him. Instead of hovering, though, Harry took up a basket of clean washing and began folding it. It was all Rosie’s clothing. He hadn’t washed for himself in over a week. Nearly two? Since before the funeral. Longer maybe. But Rosie had clean clothes. He kept the sink clean for Rosie. He’d tried so hard. And it was still shit.
He looked back at his therapist, waiting patiently. Tried to find any sign of her finding this admission disgusting or immoral or risible, somehow. Funny. These three people in love. Some kind of sex cliche.
“I woke up,” said John. He sat in his usual chair in the usual room saying the usual things, which was not much at all.
“Are you sure you’re okay with… with Bill’s…?”
“I’ve clocked you at thirteen minutes ten.”
The kiss deepened.  Their parted mouths gently met and explored, while hands wandered and held.
“You know,” said Sherlock Holmes, “I feel very strongly that you’re right.”
There were still sad parts to the story. The saddest was that Mama couldn’t stay the way she and Daddy and Papa had wanted her to. And it was sad that Daddy and Auntie Harry’s mum didn’t know them anymore.
“Looks edible,” said John dubiously, “If we cut the tops off.”
“What else do you have in those boxes?” they both demanded with delighted, eager curiosity.
“No. I. No.”
Breakfast served, Harry decided to ignore the way Mycroft was inspecting her artwork by scouring the local newspaper that had been delivered that morning.
John had finished checking her temperature with a hand to her forehead while running the checklist with Harry about how Rosie had slept, what she’d eaten, when she’d been changed. The answers had been not well, not much and ten minutes ago.
Until Switzerland.
“Now you’re being a fuckwit. Clara and me used to help her sister out. Well. Clara. At the end there I was usually too drunk. But. You know. When you’re doing it solo, it’s hard. Only idiots pretend they don’t need help with that shit. And yeah, you and I are world class morons in several major award categories, don’t think I don’t know it. But when you’re struggling, you call me, or Molly and Greg, or Mrs Hudson, and you make sure Rosie’s okay. That’s good parenting in my book. So fuck off with your I’m so pitiful song. I’m not buying it.”
‘I’m a martyr to anything that makes John laugh,’ he confessed.
Moriarty’s shrieks melded with the roar of the waterfall, the whole world howling fear and doom.
Mycroft winces again, at something Obnoxious Date has done out of sight.
“Fuck. Someone’s coming this way. I can’t get out without Nurse Hatchet seeing me.” Harry looked around, decided she’d never get out of the room in time, and darted for the private bathroom instead. “When Nurse Hatchet asks who gave you a fag, don’t say it was me or you’ll never get another.”
,” Dimitri said. (Weddings made him sentimental and he’d been calling Martha ‘my love’ and
Mycroft’s mouth tilted up in a wry smile. “It will be rather good. Make sure you capture the moment to share on social media.”
, and he wondered why he’d been so afraid to come here (
“Lacy,” he said. His fingers wriggled further down. “Silky.”
She sat on the edge of the blanket and placed Rosie in the centre. Rosie cried. Harry picked her up again and Rosie clung again.
'I love you, too, John.' Sherlock tilted his head to press their mouths gently together, and that was no secret either.
“Yes, well, I don’t wear ties.”
Sherlock looked… bad. His skin too pale, almost as delicate as tissue paper, but bruised looking under the eyes, and from the dark stubble. He was haggard; curls a tangled fright. He winced as though the light was too bright.
“Breakfast after,” says Irene, throwing herself elegantly into a seat. “It might have to be gin slings.”
Mycroft blew smoke into the branches. “I've been angry with Eurus for 36 years. And with myself.” He tilted his head to one side, stuck the cigarette between his lips and moved his wheelchair to get a better view. “Is that Leonis up there?”
“Doesn’t matter.” Sherlock paused while the fox bounced off his face and Rosie laughed again. He fetched the fox and gave it to Rosie for the next round. “Stopped for petrol, saw Pocks, brought him back. Not a moment too soon, apparently.”
When the guts got ripped out of the world next to that creepy old well, Harry had stood helplessly aside after John had helped her up with Rosie. He’d scooped his squawling daughter into his arms to rock her and whisper that everything was all right. Presumably until he believed it himself.
His soul and Richard’s had defied time and space to find each other, lives and centuries beyond their respective monstrous deaths. They had met again, reincarnated in John and Sherlock. At the good end of those long, good lives, the universe had granted them this - that for all their lives to come, across all the worlds which might have need of them, Khan-and-Richard would live within John-and-Sherlock.
Dimitri Panopoulas was exactly zero kinds of idiot. He signalled rapidly to his lady love and turned back to the Unexpected Mr Holmes.
This is the
“Leandra, don’t…”
Sherlock and John gather gossip. Harry and Leandra talk in the glasshouse.
Harry’s snort of laughter grew louder, Mrs Watson giggled and was heard to say something like, ‘Newlyweds. They’re so adorable” and Mr Holmes withdrew silently and swiftly without further comment.
“Tough titties. You look half zombie, and Rosie needs you. Eat.”
'You are watching my reflection in the French press.'
“Why shouldn’t you cry? It’s sad.”
“He’s not dying or anything,” said Harry eventually, “But he’s a godawful mess.”
“Sherlock, what…?”
“You did used to love running along that river with Victor, playing pirates.”
“Don’t you Mummy-it’s-fine me, William Sherlock Scott Holmes. What the absolute blue blazes have you been doing down that godforsaken well?”
“Of course you wouldn’t hurt her. Let us take her out for some sun, yeah? While you shower.”
“Mrs Holmes. Mr Holmes. That’s… that’s very generous”
Once Mr. Forensics—seriously, the man's had a career smelling
“He’s having a breakdown, Mycroft.” John bit his inner lip. Hard.
“The Garridebs?” asked Leandra, also scowling. The family resemblance was unmistakable, just now. “They wouldn’t.”
John placed his hands over Rosie’s ears. “Not in front of the baby.”
Within was a folded square of cardboard from a cigarette packet – Harry’s brand. Sherlock unfolded it. He showed the short message, written in Mycroft’s hand, to John.
“A bit,” admitted Garrideb warily.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Mary,” he said, “I’m no use to them at all. I wasn’t any use to you, was I?”
Ford wasn’t sure he could be any more in love with Violet, but he felt his heart make the effort and it was the easiest thing in the world. Violet always made everything easy.
He blinked slowly, trying to remember. “I… had toast?”
Harry prodded at the blankets curled around Sherlock’s feet with the tip of her boot. “You sleeping out here?”
. You let her
Sally and Molly were there. Mary and James. Martha Hudson and Dimitri, and Violet Hunter and Irene and Kate, and John’s father and mother and sister Harriet who’d come from England just for this.
“Oh.” Garrideb seemed to relax as John stood straight. “Are you Mycroft Holmes then?”
“Private air,” he said. “I don’t like being inside small buildings much. But people take it funny if you hang around in car parks.”
“You’re alive!”
make more than toast and jam, you know. I’m not an entirely rubbish sister.”
John’s wings unfolded and spread wide. They were tattered and dishevelled, but they held.
“What’s not your fault.”
John’s hand clasped Sherlock’s. Their eyes met, fear and love and you always and no, my love, no.
“John Watson. What can we say?” he said. “A man of impeccable style. A barista that other baristas strive and fail to emulate. A man of character, integrity, and expensive moustache wax.”
“She changes the music from The Beatles to Ed Sheeran when I’m supposed to come in for tea,” laughed Giles.
“I’m not getting rid of a single page,” declared John furiously, while Sherlock stated stonily, “I need every book in every box. They stay.”
‘Greg’s ill,’ said Molly, anxious and trying not to be.  ‘He’s fine. Well. Not fine, fine, but he doesn’t need a respirator. He’s on the mend.’
“Sherlock!”
There, John folded down over Sherlock, too spent to fold his aching wings away, spreading them instead over Sherlock as if to keep protecting him.
John felt a surge of alarm that was Sherlock’s heart beating rapidly. He felt the sense of Sherlock’s terrible danger. He saw, in his mind’s eye, what Sherlock saw as that serpent Moriarty approached him to make a bargain. John’s felt his hand as though it were Sherlock’s hand, writing his farewell; felt his feet as Sherlock’s feet, bracing for the battle of his life.
Rose contributed a burbling commentary of
“And say what?”
The child moved beneath their hands, in the vault of Richard’s small body, moving Khan to like tears. To distract from the rawness of his own heart, he asked his Richard, “Why do you weep, my prince?”
Two more stories to come in this series. :)
“Why wasn’t the well covered?” Sherlock asked.
John was delighted to discover that Sherlock had a naturally affinity for stage four – and that he continued to be an excellent student right through to stage 10, which required nakedness and the use of lube.
The new husbands relaxed again, content with each other, with how things had turned out at the reception.
Mr Holmes Senior looked suddenly sad. “I expect so,” he said. He smiled crookedly. “You remind me of my late mother-in-law.”
“It is
He looks like he needs it.
The day when a frightened nation showed their fear, their hope, their hearts, their thanks. As a soldier, John had never been thanked like this. Wouldn’t have wanted it. As a doctor who had fallen gravely ill while trying to help, he’d been modestly uncertain that he deserved it now.
HE could not do that without revealing his secret to the Captain, who he loved with all his heart. He couldn’t bear the thought of how Sherlock would look at him if he knew. No more devilish smiles or wicked adventures. No more stolen kisses or joyful coupling in the Captain’s quarters in the moonlight spilling through the porthole. This land-legged body he’d crafted for himself, to have adventures with the pirate captain he’d only ever seen from beneath the waves.
“If you’d be so kind,” he said, “There should be a tin under the roots of the oak tree. Just there. Left a little. That’s it.”
Sherlock moaned a protest when John pulled away, but then grinned with shining eyes as John ran his gaze over Sherlock’s body.
“Can be, but a bit of lotion helps soften your skin. Especially if you both use it.”
and thump Papa who took your fox
Dimitri thought it about time he got this poor bastard a drink. “Back in a moment,
“Lovely day for a walk!” Giles called out, spotting them, “And she’s got Ducky!”
On his fourth night from home, Sherlock didn’t feel the triumph of it. He felt lonely and demoralised. It was much too late to phone John – the ring tone would have woken Rosie – and so Sherlock lay in bed, with John’s Sonic Screwdriver pen in the hands he’d folded under his chin, and gazing at Buzzy Bee on the pillow beside him.
John tried to put the pieces together. “You went on a fake date. The kissing didn’t go well. It’s the tie’s fault. Nope. Sorry. You’ll have to fill in the gaps. Which is all of it. It’s all gaps, Sherlock.”
It also ended with Watson & Sons becoming as Mrs Hudson’s Tea Shop, a new flatmate for John in the neglected and lonely upstairs rooms of the building, and the incontrovertible knowledge Sherlock Holmes was both an excellent kisser and the best adventure a former army doctor could ever have.
“I’m glad you’re still doing that. Seemed to help you when you came home. Is that one of yours?” Mr Watson nodded at the portrait of Sherlock he’d done, made of the waterwall and the Leonard French ceiling.
Her mother, Mary, and her other mum, Nirupa D’Souza, were builders. Though they were themselves always restless and on the move – like that song about the swift Dad wrote for Mary years ago – what they did best was make thing that last. Her mother, an engineer built bridges actual while Nirupa, a linguist, built bridges social.
"—well Mycroft used to do it for me."
“Blayne’s a wonderful artist,” leaps in Kara, refusing to give another child a win, “His figures are very sophisticated, his teacher says.”
“How will I know if there’s a wild badger in it if you don’t?”
“You really are in the wrong line of business,” said the man, with such an understanding smile that John felt he could tell him anything. It turned out that he need say almost nothing, however, as the man continued: “Not that you ever expected to be the proprietor of this coffee house.”
‘That, John, is Gladstone.’
“Sorry.”
"Sherlock Holmes."
“I’m glad I came,” he said. He pulled Sherlock into a sudden embrace, hard and tight, like he used to when Sherlock was small. “It’s so good to see you happy,” said Sherrinford in a low voice, rough with emotion, while he held on. “You are so loved. Treasure it. Treasure him.”
He curled onto his side among the blankets, John’s jumper beneath his cheek, Rosie’s bee clutched in his fingers, held under his chin. Dry-eyed, he waited for the visitors he’d been expecting for days.
Sherlock held him. Kissed his hair, his forehead.  Held his husband more tightly, and yet more gently.  He sang.
“She wrote me a letter,” he said softly. “After we were married, before we were…. Musketeers.”
For the Anthropomorphism trope. It's not quite in keeping with the trope, but I wanted to tell a bit of the story of how we all anthropomorphised Oppy.
And when the night is new.
“Oh god. Oh god no. Oh my god.”
Despite John’s apparent crankiness, he laughed as Rosie wiped pea-green fingers on his knee. “Little grub,” he said fondly. “Do you want to visit Nanna Lea and Poppy Giles?”
“Johnnie! What fresh hell are you two up to now?” Harry’s eyebrows were raised at them, taking in Leandra’s distressed state, Rosie wriggling in John’s arms and Sherlock, damp, slimy and bedraggled, wrenching off the last of the harness they’d fashioned from rope.
They read in the shade; they took long walks along the Great Ocean Road around  the little town, sometimes looking for signs of the historic shipwrecks along the shore. They weren’t birdwatchers, but the kookaburras and sulphur crested cockatoos, rosellas and king parrots got a beady eyeful of them, holding hands, or racing each other across the sand, or gazing at the views, or kissing each other.
“You got him in the end though, Duck.”
Sherlock raised the haughty chin of the vindicated. He
“That’s understandable, John.”
When baby's sick, papa and daddy do what they can to soothe...
“Fair enough.” John finished fixing his shirt, pulling his braces back up, twisting his moustache into shape and making sure no evidence of his just-married blow job marred the suit. Sherlock adjusted his wedding suit to conceal the evidence of his just-married arousal, breathed deeply to the count of ten until the hard-on subsided. Then John unlocked the door and they snuck back out of the shed, around the garden boxes and finally emerged looking well kissed and pleased with themselves.
“You are stealthier than you look, then.”
“Well?” asked John.
“Come on, you dags. Let’s go and cut your sexy wedding pav.”
That first time he took Buzzy, though, immediately after the first Rosiegeddon, was the harbinger of other times, other cases.
“Are you two ever going to be ready?” John asked popping his head around the doorframe, he saw Rosie siting on the pink padded stool posing in front of the mirror, her hair standing up like a dandelion clock.
Go under! the East Wind blows
John's response to Rosie being sick is partly based on that of a friend of mine, a doctor who had trouble switching off from all the things she knew could go wrong when her baby boy got sick. (He did not get pneumonia. He's a robust boy of 10 now.)
What?
. The world is not ours to control. Losing Mary was a terrible thing. How we lost her was more terrible still. But you can’t bargain your way out of the pain by punishing yourselves for things you can’t change. You want to know how we survived losing Euros, Sherlock? We
“Sherlock!” Mycroft’s voice cracked.
“What’s going on, Johnnie?” said Harry. “You need to see Sherlock. You need him. He needs you too.”
‘Borrowing books from other libraries?’ suggested Porthos.
“How…?” Ben asked.
‘I have a cottage in Auverne. I’m very well set up, here. Is John well?’
“I’ve got you,” Sherlock said helplessly, not knowing what else to say. “Mycroft. Mycroft. I’ve got you.”
John sipped his coffee to hide his expanding grin.
John’s hips were hitching and he pumped into Sherlock’s grip. He bit his lower lips and grunted soft in counterpoint with Sherlock’s moans around his fingers.
“That’s okay. Rosie does it all the time. Sherlock too, once.”
John braced one foot on the side of the well and, with his coat wrapped around his hands to avoid rope burn, he began to pull Sherlock back up. Behind him, Rosie cried, and he paused from time to time to glance back at her.
The two men retreated with tumblers of scotch, and Sherrinford was grateful that Jack didn’t ask any more questions. He was less grateful that, instead, he talked.
It was disposable nappies from then on.
. Your deaths…” Giles stumbled. “Your deaths, as you rightly said Sherlock, will happen to other people. To your mother and me. To John. To your little girl. To your friends. The people who love you.”
“Leaona would have approved of anything that made you smile like you were smiling when I arrived. Dancing with your… your husband. Even to such a silly song.”
More toasts, more cheers, more dabbing of eyes (Sherlock too, and John, not just Mrs Hudson).
“Like he’ll believe that.”
The fruits of Sherlock’s conversation with his father. Since then, John had more often kissed his cheek, hugged him, held his hand. John would touch his hand, arm, knee, at every opportunity. He made a thoughtful effort to physically connect. “Hmm?”
“When Sherlock was eleven years old he announced to the household that he would never marry, because girls weren’t as pretty as boys, and boys were all dull.”
“That we are.” Then after a pause - “Which of them is it?” Leia asked, with gentle curiosity.
His eyes were round and horrifying full of terrified tears when he looked at John.
The two men smiled.
When Harry put Rosie between her legs on the blanket, Rosie held the little jar and gummed at the lid. Harry fished a pack of cigarettes out of her jacket pocket, tapped one out, and stared at Rosie, who dropped the jar and decided to bang her tiny fist on Harry’s thigh. With a sigh, Harry replaced the cigarette and put the pack back in her pocket.
The Holmes-Watson family is prone to…enthusiasms.
“Yeah. Such a good father I have to call for help.”
“An excellent idea.”
“Is this why you have such a string of ladies at your door?” Sherlock asked snidely, since there’d been no ladies at the door since the most recent break-up a month ago.
Sherlock clutched at Smith’s hand with both of his but couldn’t make it budge. He felt so weak.
In years gone by, Sherlock would have ignored the strictures of this lockdown. There were crimes to solve! Puzzles to unravel! His brother to annoy! He’d have been out in those streets (sleeping in them sometimes, for days and weeks sometimes) and distracting himself in the most destructive ways.  But his life had changed utterly since then. He had even put on some weight, around his thighs, hips and belly, which John loved to kiss.
“They’re dancing, aren’t they?” asked Harry.
OD glances to the door where two tall, strong beefy blokes are scoping out the table. They’re very aware of the kind of fuckwits who come here sometimes. OD is momentarily quelled. He pushes out from the table, making the chair scrape on the floor, and marches off to the gents with a snarled, “Wait here,” at Mycroft.
So the point is, is that John has slept no more than forty-eight minutes in one go for four days because his angel baby has knives of gas in her tiny tummy and right before this all started John insisted Sherlock take that case in…in…fuck, John's forgot what city Sherlock's in right now but anyway, just before all this happened John said, "Go, love, go," and so love
Greg’s second instinct kicks in. The decision is hard, and easy, and made in seconds.
Nothing would have taken them idly back to Leicester.
“No trouble at all,” said Leandra, brightening a little. “She’s a dear.”
Leandra handed Harry tissues, then gathered her up in an impromptu hug as well.
At first they couldn’t see their son. The flat was in a terrible state. Several boxes had been overturned, their contents spilled across the floor. Papers were strewn from one end of it to the other, over furniture and the carpet. Every available surface in chaos.
Harry snorted a rude laugh, but her eyelashes were clumping with tears.
A galah is an idiot.
Rosie said "yeth your highneth," John giggled, Sherlock began to admonish his husband about the lessons he was teaching their child, but then the experiment caught fire, everyone had other things to distract them awhile, and that seemed the end of that.
Because he thought he was dreaming, Porthos let his roving eye rove over all the parts of Aramis that were on show.
“My good boys,” she said, giggling. John play-growled and teasing-nipped; Sherlock got on all fours and
“Sherlock.”
Finally, another member of the garrison, awake in these small hours, laid a hand on the aggrieved husband’s shoulder.
John last saw Meaghan drawing what might have been a cow pat, so he’s unconvinced.
“It’s wondrous strange,” agreed Khan. “Even I was not so from woman born, but built in an artificial womb, motherless and fatherless both.”
“I don’t want
John held Rosie in his arms and brutally shut down his imagination that was too steeped in certain realities. He insisted that he did not feel lost and helpless at her flushed red face and the glistening mucus at her nose, which he wiped gently away with a soft, warm cloth. He held her near the humidifier, the steam of which was supposed to help her breathe and was instead a Useless Fucking Waste of Money.
I like both Kylux and Reylo and then decided, what the hell, and went poly.
The wind learns the secrets that are told to the oak
Suddenly, Sherlock’s voice rose up from beyond the hedge. “Mycroft! Harry! Photographs!”
Mycroft heard the door to his private room creak open and tried to summon the motivation to open his eyes. See who it was.
Leandra and Giles had said to leave him be.
They kissed again, and Khan ran his fingers through Richard’s hair and beard; over his throat. He caressed the hunch of his Richard's back and the turn of his spine, his withered arm and lame leg.
Him with the beer halted with the can half way to his lips. He lifted an eyebrow at the slender and non-threatening dark-haired bookshop owner and seemed about to ignore him. Then his gaze drifted up… and up… (well, that was new) into the ice blue gaze of a magnificent blonde who rose up behind the crotchety dude to add authority to the demand.
Not that his desire to be a healer was mentioned in the contract at all. Oh hell no. The family had hushed that up well and truly. John could only hope that Sherlock wouldn’t mind too much, being hitched to the Watson Family Eccentric.
“Yes.”
He forgot he was holding an ice-cream, and it fell from the cone onto her sensible shoes, but that was okay. She’d forgotten her ice-cream too, and it fell onto his gleaming black uniform shoes. Douglas would see it later but Martin for once didn’t care, didn’t even twitch; forgot he was so fussy for that whole flight, piloted on literal and figurative clouds.
“You know,” said Phillip, “You are 47 kinds of hot.”
Ben pouted stubbornly.
“It’s unbearable,” Sherlock whispered. “How did you survive?”
“Of course you are…” mumbled John under his breath, reaching for the damson conserve.
“What did I tell you?” said Harry, pushing Mycroft past them in his wheelchair. “Soppy bastards.”
Embarrassed, Molly halted, hovered at the door. Sherlock scooped up a shoebox and shoved it at her.
“He’d have liked your Sherlock, too.”
John chewed at his lip. Looked out the window. Was it always raining when he came here, or did it just feel like that?
“I’ll see you again shortly, Mr Lestrade,” said Greg.
Harry squinted at it too. “Yep. There’s Regulus, see. Goes up there to – what’s it called? Gamma Leonis-“
Soulmates.
John was emphatically not worried about it. At all. Nope. He was a doctor. A professional. He knew exactly what was going on, and how much or little he could do, and what the dangers were.
Harry took another picture of Rosie gumming gamely at the octopus, then plucked a daisy from the grass, tucked it behind Rosie’s ear and took another.  Rosie grabbed the flower in her fist and gave it, mangled now, to Molly. Harry captured that moment too, and sent all three to her brother.
They kissed, slow and sensuous. John slipped his arms around Sherlock’s waist. He plucked Sherlock’s shirt out of his waistband and rubbed his fingers along Sherlock’s ribs. One hand went up his smooth back.
“Of course I was snooping. I was six years old and he was secretive. A terrific challenge. The ritual of it wasn’t too hard to work out, once I saw she referred to herself as the East Wind, and therefore the references to the river and the field were Mycroft – his name derives from the Old English for those two words. It was a game, I suppose. It gave the directions to the place where they left messages to each other at the oak tree.”
in the hospital? “
Sherlock moved towards the sick man as he tugged an antique pistol from his pocket.
“The other one.” Garrideb became tense again, then fidgety. “Oh. And you’re…?” He glanced at John and flinched slightly. "Dr Watson, then." He looked at Rosie. “You’ve got a baby.” When they made no answer, he looked at Sherlock again. “Why are you asking about me?”
“He’s in the Culverton Smith wing.”
He remembered whispering into the pool of his own blood: “Beloved, oh my Khan, my prince. I will find thee.  I will pay whatever price is asked, and purge myself of hate, if fate will let me come to thee. I will find thee, my love, I will, I will, I will. Oh please, my starlit prince, my only joy, my hope, let me find thee.”
“I’m just taking these along to Sherlock’s room no,” said Giles. “Why don’t you come with me?”
“Of course alone.”
Sherlock, of course, can braid Rosie’s hair into cornrows, French plaits, pigtails and the fancy “Princess Leia” arrangement that Rosie insisted on after binge watching Star Wars with John one bank holiday weekend. Plus he can do all this whilst reading a crime report from Lestrade or completing the Times crossword. It infuriates John.
“That doesn’t mean he’s well,” said Giles heavily. “He’s reminding me of Mycroft. After Euros died.”
“Good.” They kissed then, a quiet promise made in the back seat of the Holmes’s car.
“Sorry,” muttered the pretty redhead, wiping his nose with his sleeve.
here. He’d panic, if he had time.
“Might be best. Big sister might have to kick some more little brother arse. Walk us back, though?”
“Yes. I thought you would see it that way.”
Maybe he did.
Only, in choosing to live among mortals, he became akin to mortal himself. His hidden wings would no longer unfold, perhaps as punishment, perhaps due to the bullet that had passed through his right wing, no longer ephemeral, as he shielded the wounded with it on that slaughterhouse battlefield of Maiwand.
And then John and Sherlock, holding hands, led the way inside to see Harry and their Rosie.
“Good man. Now start talking. I’ll go tell Chewie not to wait for you. You guys can thank me later.”
He ran down the stairs, two at a time, nearly taking a tumble at the last and only his natural grace and wild grab at the banister saved him, turning the fall into a pivot. He pelted into the bedroom to find John sitting in a heap on the floor surrounded by sheets.
Rosie settled, sucking at Harry’s neck and cheek and offered pinkie knuckle, and whimpering her dissatisfaction.
“Do you have any change in your pocket?” Sherlock asked abruptly, looking at his father.
“I raised Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes," said Leandra crisply. "I know skulking when I see it. Also sulking, brooding, snitting and fuming. I could be a consulting expert on moodiness. Come inside for tea and you can quiz me.”
John pressed another intimate kiss to the back of Sherlock’s neck. Flicked his tongue out against the knob of spine.
“Ah well. If you’re a good boy, I might give you the Husband version when you get back from the case.”
As bombshells went, it wasn’t large, it was primarily metaphorical, and it left the windows intact, which was a nice change.
“Oh, I’m all right. I don’t blame myself any more. But it’s so destructive, to hate yourself for things you didn’t do. It’s destructive even if you did them, to yourself, to the people who love you. So you read out an article not knowing the consequences. Perhaps next time you might be less impulsive. But your impulsiveness is part of why we care for you, you know. We all have moments when we wish we’d been more thoughtful or said something different.  We all have moments when, without even knowing how, we’ve said or done just the right thing. It’s all right. Be kinder to yourself.”
“Oi,” she said, stepping inside and closing the door. “Holmes.”
“You are the very best of husbands, John Watson-Holmes.”
Giles stood at the end of the bed and kept patting the tops of Sherlock's feet through the blankets. John moved reluctantly away so Leandra could kiss her boy’s cheek and forehead and messy hair.
Red Saber was getting lots of hype as the hot new publisher of the year, and murmurs suggested the books would be in the Hugo line-up, maybe with film deals to come.
John took a deep breath. Puffed it out. Calmed the fuck on down.
“This is all sounding very implausible, you know.”
Mycroft is in his office, stitching. Like Sherlock, he seems nearly oblivious.
He’s watching his little sweetie nom down the puree like it’s manna from heaven before realising.
“That was for Sherlock to learn. He needs a case. He needs…”
His eyes remained closed. He just couldn’t be bothered looking.
“Because I check on them, you know. And I found out last week that Mycroft had married his shoemaker boyfriend who I thought would never last the distance, and that Sherlock was going to marry a man who makes coffee for a living. And I couldn’t believe that they had
“Someone was here. I can’t… what time is it?”
And then John and Sherlock cut the wedding pavlova and fed each other the traditional first bites (and Greg and Mycroft thought it hilarious that both men shifted oddly while doing so, and blushed, then laughed. Because apparently pavlova was a
A lazy morning in bed; cuddles and kisses in the sunshine through the window.
Caleb was laughing at him now, and that was so much cuter than his grimace. Phillip, trying to make himself a bit smaller, had a sheepish kind of grin now.
It’ll be an hour before anyone gets any coffee. John and Sherlock won’t stop kissing long enough to make it possible.
did. We’ve got enough monkeys on our backs. We don’t have to stagger around the circus picking up random fucking monkeys to add to the shit-slinging zoo we’ve already got. You want to talk about useless guilt? I burned down our house, and Johnnie, Mum and me ended up with nothing, fucking nothing, but the clothes on our backs when my piece of shit father gave our mum brain damage. I ran away, dragging my little brother with me, and I made him live rough for two years thinking I was helping. Then I got so legless fucking drunk he thought I was dying and called an ambulance, and then blamed himself when I got sent to prison for all the shit I did so we could survive. I never said goodbye to him before he went off to war because I was pissed off with him for even joining up, and he nearly fucking died. I’ve got so many fucking monkeys on my back it’s like
He recovered his breath and took another careful drag. He blew smoke rings and watched them fade.
John’s anguished cry as he pulled away was appalling; almost as appalling as Mycroft’s rising in near hysteria from the doorway.
John continued to make sure Rosie was nestled safely in the pushchair’s safety straps. His acute awareness of the man who spoke with a slight American accent wasn’t obvious, but he already knew how far away he stood, that he was slightly rather than solidly built, that his moving feet indicated nervousness, and that Sherlock was standing upright, between Rosie and the man confronting them outside the café.
Across the room, Smith’s voice, laughing. “The saline is full of sedative. He’ll be slipping away soon. Overdosed. I still win.”
“I’m a grown adult, John, not a child of five. They’ll be…”
Sherlock had not asked Mycroft to promise the unpromisable to him since Sherlock was six years old. Mycroft, who had been incredibly teary of late, got teary again. What a sentimental numbskull he’d become since marrying Greg a week ago.
‘How’s my little girl, hmm? Making a big fuss.” He traced his finger down her chin and throat to her chest and tapped it there. Her big blue eyes tried to follow the path.
John the former angel, whose wings were lost, ran until his lungs burned. He hurtled up the mountain and burst onto the path leading to the ledge over the Falls in time to see Professor Moriarty overbalance from a blow and tilt – to see him reach out and snatch at Sherlock’s coat – to see him topple and to take Sherlock with him over the edge.
“What? Nothing! I didn’t say anyth-. Hmm. Yes?”
“He will.”
“I didn’t mean he played with her. They were neighbours. They saw each other. Our land has a common boundary. They probably saw each other there sometimes.”
Sherlock’s car had already gone when John reached Baker Street. Mrs Hudson held Rosie’s hand while he climbed into the black car, then helped the little girl in her white and ruby red tulle dress to get in beside him.
The sound of Sherlock triumphantly making a discovery.
After a short while of silent smoking, Mycroft asked waspishly, “Have you come to be kind to me?”
When the water cooled, Sherlock lifted her up while John wrapped her in the soft towel again. Sherlock took Mary’s picture with them back into the nursery so John could finish drying Rosie and dress her again.
John looked at Sherlock dressed like him and going on a date, and agreed “Obviously” while resisting the urge to ask “why ‘obviously’?”
“Is it… unacceptable, that Sherlock should be with you now that Mary has died? Is that why you haven’t seen him?”
Shhhhh.
Harry brings Rosie home and takes Big Sister care of John, with toast and jam and a bit of tough love. John finally reads Mary's letter. And then he gets a text from Sherlock.
He left Sherlock to fetch the bag from the motor home parked on the lawn.
“I wish. I wish that your mother had lived to see this.”
Jack Watson turned out to have liberated the bottle of scotch from the drinks table. He splashed a large measure into Sherrinford’s empty tumbler.
“Culverton Smith may be a killer. First his uncle. For the money. Perhaps his daughter too. Maybe she found out.”
"Yes, Mycroft. It always made me laugh when I didn't feel well."
“He’s fucking awful, of course, you arse.”
He sounded sad.
"I'm not sure pointers will be enough. It's not like I didn't do research beforehand."
“So do I,” said Sherlock, then cleared his throat. “It’s very useful for the case. I"ll probably dele-“
“I like you.”
“He’s fierce,” notes John.
Sherlock flung himself onto the sofa with a huff, kicked his shoes off, folded his arms, and brooded.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him. His glittering eye looked below the waves where John’s cephalopod half writhed gracefully, golden brown limbs all spotted with palest cream, the suckers underneath a pale purple running to blues and reds. As the lower body met the upper, the golden brown smoothed into John’s tanned torso, his arms and hands, his face. His fine brown hair plastered wetly to his skull.
“You didn’t ask me to…”
Sherlock never thought about it. He simply stepped onto the footpath and embraced his brother.
The door opened. John, the ruins of John, opened the door. Stared at his sister with haggard blue eyes.
“And I checked the instructions and redid the foam, you grumpy bastard, so let’s try it again. Your dad’s found a cane for you too.”
“You weren’t to know that. I should have…”
The exhibit reported, clinical, without feeling, the wounds visited on Richard’s naked remains. Blows designed to humiliate the corpse of a reviled and defenceless man – Richard’s body yet the object of such fear and loathing. The blows of gauntlet and spur on dead flesh were no longer in evidence, but the bladed cuts to pelvis, limbs, head, could still be read on Richard’s bones.
“That you’re lumbered with a sentimental idiot for a life partner?” Mycroft winced, feeling snotty and grotesque and foolish.
Because nothing mattered, to Martin, to Theresa, except his arms around her, hers around him, their bodies pressed close, as their mouths met. They forgot the sun, the tree, the hours, even Paris. While they kissed (and for hours after) there was only one another.
“How many kinds of kissing?”
Sherlock jammed his hands in his pockets and looked to the treetops.
“I’d have spared you too, my love, except that it was necessary. Our suffering was all that could lead us here, and we chose it.”
John, bootless and breechless himself – cephalopod limbs are not a happy fit with land leg clothes – took off his shirt and wriggled into the water, naked and himself.
The monitors showed some easing of his heart rate at least.
“So what’s the case? Why is he here?”
John happily surrendered to Sherlock’s desperate hunger for him. He let Sherlock pin his wrists against the wall, and undulated his body and Sherlock’s when Sherlock ground against him. He tilted his chin up to let Sherlock suck red splotches against his throat and hooked a leg over Sherlock’s thigh so they could hump each other more effectively.
Sherlock didn’t answer. Mrs Hudson said, “I’ve brought him food. He doesn’t touch it.”
“We thought, if you’ve no objection, John,” here Leandra touched the back of his wrist with warm fingers, “We’d put some of the proceeds in a trust fund for Rosie. The share that would have been Euros’s, if she’d lived.”
“No. No, Johnnie, I don’t know.”
Her embarrassment became anger. “What is this?”
And he’d practically pushed her out the door and slammed it shut on her.
“I miss her. I liked having a sister. And now I don’t have one anymore.”
Mycroft blinked at the brightness through the window. “In the morning? What happened to the last hour?”
And he chose Sherlock: first, last, always. He chose Sherlock for his strength and grace; for his kindness and courage; for his intensity of love and generosity of soul; for Sherlock’s own choice to be a force for good in this suffering world.
“It’s well past time,” said Leandra. “The happy memories we had are so long ago – before Euros died. We left a few years after, once Sherlock was a little older. Mycroft fretted so much that his brother would find his way to the well.”
“Come on sweetie, for Daddy.” He jogs her in his arms. She grizzles. He pushes the spoon against her lip. “Open wide sweetie, there you go, in we go and…”
John reached for Sherlock and pulled him close, kissing his mouth, his throat. “Don’t be. Come here.”  He slid his hands underneath Sherlock’s soiled shirt, fingers warm against cool skin. Sherlock leaned into him again, kissing, then pressing his nose in under John’s throat to breathe in the heat and scent of him.
“We are doing this,” said Sherlock. He stepped off the sofa, then while John budged up he wriggled to sit behind him and Rosie. They breathed together for a long while, watching Rosie being captivated by her own kicking feet. Loving each other, and their daughter, as hard as they knew how.
“John…” Mycroft heard Sherlock’s dry throat, and wanted only to find the man who’d done that to his little brother and wring his neck until he was as red-faced, until he struggled for breath, until he stopped breathing at all…
“I guess.” She took the cigarette from behind her ear again, and dug out a lighter, though she didn’t light it. “He is. Yeah. I like his company. He makes me laugh.”
Harry stood by the door to the private room and peered out. At the end of the corridor, being lovingly sent on his way by the admiring nursing staff, was that creeper Smith.
"On me."
'I thought we agreed never to speak of that again. I was very fond of that suit.'
Sherlock missed the days when he could simply throw on a coat and stride out into the world, to do whatever he needed to do.
“You. With the beer. Out.”
“I also have vanilla bean cartridges, cherry, and a Virginian tobacco for nostalgia.”
Holding hands, delighted with each other and the world, Mr and Mr Watson-Holmes allowed their groomsmen to lead them back to the party.
“You know her first word is going to be ‘fuck’, right?” said Harry. “Sorry in advance.”
“That’s what my sons did,” Mr Holmes aid.
“To Bill,” they said, and John blinked back tears. Sherlock raised his glass to Edie
But I’ll be seeing you.
“Ooooh,” he breathed.
“You’ll find that’s usually the case.” He took in another lungful of smoke and blew it out haughtily.
Mycroft’s expression indicates he’s speaking harshly to his date.
"John."
“I wouldn’t know.”
He nodded. Yes. He could see that for himself.
“I’ve got raring-to-go husband-to-be on standby. How’s yours doing?”
Harry drew to a halt, breathing heavily, as Mycroft stared at her with wide eyes as his cigarette burned down. She took a breath.
“The cars are here!” called out Mrs Hudson from downstairs.
John slid his hands down over Sherlock’s belly to his groin and cupped Sherlock’s eager cock. He huffed a happy laugh and rolled onto his side until he could kiss Sherlock again.
They found the wayward pair by following the cheering of the crowd in front of Flinders Street Station, and found the newlyweds enjoying a fabulous just-married pash under the clocks
“Their mother was Australian?”
He closed his eyes.
The tall, lanky dude with a feral beard and hair to his butt grinned toothily at her. His work shirt was black stretch cotton, the name SOLO TRANSPORT stitched on the left breast in light blue with a tan coloured falcon motif underneath it.
“He was a master.”
There was something suggesting more than friendship in Holmes’s warm smile, John was almost sure of it.
but put him in that fucking chair and take him to Sherlock. He would have them sacked or sent to the Shetland Fucking Islands, he would…
John dropped his bag by the door.
“Keep it,” said Mycroft. “I brought several.” He patted his pocket and smiled sheepishly.
Mycroft?"
“Oh, just idle wondering,” said Sherlock breezily, “I saw your name in the Real Estate section this morning, talking about Musgrave Hall.”
But just for this minute, there are two men, madly in love, kissing amongst the tables where they found each other, and took a risk on each other, and made a life together.
'It's very light and doesn't rattle, so it's either well packed in bubble wrap or similar, or it's empty. It has no scent to speak of, barring the expected. The cardboard of the box is thick. Expensive. So is the ribbon.'
Harry passed Rosie into Molly’s arms. She gathered up the Backup Baby Bag – there was one at Baker Street as well, containing spare nappies, a change of clothes, a baby sling, a blanket,  baby wipes and half a dozen little thing that her parents had tucked inside, ready against any sudden need.
He blew smoke into the air. “No. I hardly expect him to come.”
John glared at his lower limbs, his eight long arms, wriggling in the lapping sea. The reason he never swam. The reason he bathed quickly from a basin. For six years, he hadn’t seen them, had never been fully immersed long enough to revert to his natural form.
John’s fingers and Sherlock’s met and clasped, as they fell.
Sherlock pulled his coat tight around his body, tucked down his chin and strode away, knowing suddenly and at once where he would find his heart, who lived and breathed still, and was waiting for him.
John turned in his arms, and his face against Sherlock’s throat was wet. His shoulders shook; his hands.
A few years later, a little boy in love with everything Mars, Ford had learned her story. He pored over the images and sounds and streams of data she’d sent home to Earth, the eyes and ears and heart of the humans who followed her across an alien world.
“I thought I’d seen the world, but you open up new ways of seeing. New worlds. Every day, you make the world fresh again. You make me excited to share it with you, to learn about it, about you, and about myself. I’m so glad I finally found the courage to talk to you that day at the café. I’m so glad you’re here with me today. I’m so happy we’ll discover the world and each other again and again every day for the rest of our lives. I love you anew every single morning, and will for all our lives.”
“Well, not my uncle. He was my first, and I managed to slip him a tropical infection rather easily. It took him away in days, but I couldn’t help myself at the time. I told him on his last day that I was the one who
John straightened and bent from the hips instead of the knees to give Sherlock a better view of his arse, then returned to the bed with the bottle of lube.
'Turn to the Classifieds, if you would.'
“Really? Howie was ten years older than Eurus. That’s unusual, don’t you think? A fifteen year old playing with a five year old girl?”
“Well, of course I do. I’m talking to ghosts.” He closed his eyes. “Have you ever wondered whether the whole of the ocean floor is covered in oysters? They’re so prolific. What would stop them overrunning the world?”
“I’m the luckiest man in the world,” Greg murmured, kissing Mycroft’s cheeks; his forehead; his jaw. “I don’t know how I got to be so lucky.”
Harry popped up next to him a moment later. He was almost relieved.
“Yes. No.”
With a great whoosh and snap.
“Ridiculous. You’re a doctor. An ex-soldier. Kind, confidant, handsome. Apparently an Olympic class kisser. What more could they want?”
“I thought you said you didn’t want to upstage your Mom.”
“No.”
'Lessons were learned,' John agreed solemnly, but laughter was still bubbling under his tone. He took a sip of his coffee and sighed with exaggerated pleasure at the caffeine hit.
That, Ford decided, was because no Holmes had looked for her till now. He’d made a hobby of analysing her last known location and how weather and sandstorms and tremors might have moved her since then. He’d used supercomputers and his incredible brain that, like his fathers could assess a multitude of factors and come up with something that was as much intuition as science, and today his metal detector had given him readings consistent with a robot of 21
“Skywalker Publishing,” said Armitage instantly.
Molly crouched in front of him and took his hands. “Sherlock. You need some help.”
“I know, Rosie. Daddy’s helping. Daddy’s looking after you.”
Harry Watson flirted madly with Molly and then, when Sally Donovan loomed, flirted just as madly with her. The three of them were currently in a flirt-circle so intense and sexually charged that the Watsons Senior simultaneously refused to think about it and assumed Harry would be making her own sleeping arrangements for the evening.
This day was the start of a new adventure. Not their only adventure, or their last, but perhaps their favourite, and it lasted for the rest of their long lives.
Sherrinford held his hand out to his youngest. “To wish you well.”
“It’s not that it isn’t a nice wedding.”
“What’s the evidence for that?”
observe!"
and John You Just Fucking
And before John could properly form a protest, Sherlock had sealed his mouth over her congested little nose…
They stood there in silence for a while longer.
He can only be grateful, as he hastily re-buttons to the sounds of Rosie’s protests, that the surprise striptease missed showing off the fading bruise of the lovebite on his right pec from that opportunist Afternoon Delight he and John had two days ago while Rosie had an unscheduled nap.
“Ah, bless.”
“How did you sleep?” asked Ella.
“Shit.” Harry bashed on the door. “Open the door, Johnnie, or I will fucking kick it down, and Rosie doesn’t need that. You don’t fucking need it. Open this fucking door right fucking now.”
“Show me.”
That these abused bones were now buried here in a quiet grave was the cause of secret and unreasoning grief for one; nought but a curious fact to the other.
'Deduce it, John.'
Babies got colds all the time. Even tiny little things of three months old, just like Rosie was now, and those babies were all perfectly fine. Eventually. After the cold ran its course.
“Aren’t you a gorgeous thing,” John observed, pushing Sherlock’s shirt wide.
Harry frowned. She ran the tip of her finger over Rosie’s hand, which she’d closed into a fist in her sleep.
And yet.
John pressed himself to Sherlock’s back and kissed the top of his spine.
“Yes. I think I have to take another look at it,” said Sherlock.
“That’s our girl,” he agrees.
His parents were, however, Giles carrying a plastic bag containing Sherlock’s clothes.
Ford had stalked her all these years and now he was on the final stretch of the hunt.
“It would be lovely if you could come back to Baker Street,” said Mrs Hudson, dabbing at her eyes. “I know it’s not really set up for baby. Oh. I suppose that means Sherlock will come here?” Her face fell, then brightened, “Though if he moved all those smelly experiments down to 221C it might work. It’s still empty, and I’d rather you had it than any strangers. Well, think about it, anyway.”
“You should take Rosie to see him.”
“More champagne before we go out.”
to each other so no-one can ever say we don’t belong to each other. I’m so lucky. I’m so lucky to be loved like that.”
. John wasn’t sure how a dark blue tie with dark paisley patterning said those things, but he’d had many successful dates resulting in very satisfactory kissing while wearing it. John told Sherlock this.
In the haunted now, John rose from not-really-sleeping to go to Rosie, at the cot beside his bed. He lifted and cuddled her. Kissed her sleepy little face. Took her to the shelf that held a framed photograph of her smiling mother.
.  Now Sherlock gave John all his tender care. Washed his body, his face. Washed John’s hair.  The sweet names were John’s purview, and he whispered them:
“Well, of course not,” said Smith. “I’m going to kill you now.” Smith waited patiently, then frowned. “Yours, I have to say, is a very disappointing face.”
At one of the three tables sat a pretty redhead with sideburns that were either ultra-hip or hopelessly old fashioned. Opposite him sat a perky brunette with a loopy hairdo and a furrow of concentration between her brows. Both were typing furiously, ignoring each other. Ben noted, however, that their feet were touching under the table.
“Ah. Well. I’ve got news for you, Sherlock. If that’s your attitude, no wonder Glen was underwhelmed.”
“That wasn’t beer,” Phas pointed out. “The can was empty, at least.”
“I love you,” Sally declared, toying with a strand of Molly’s purple-dyed hair. “Love you, my girl.”
Mycroft began to laugh, which made him cough, but he recovered quickly and sprawled on his pillow again, huffing a quiet laugh. The cigarette dangled from his fingers. “Not an angle I’d considered,” he said. “Good to find an upside.”
They’d tried to row back to save some of the others but the storm was against them. Treachery had done the Scarlet in, John was sure. He’d never liked that Jim Moriarty, who’d joined the crew six months ago then vanished at the last port. The Scarlet’s hull would never have been harmed by such a storm as they’d encountered, and yet she’d split on the third great wave and here they were.
He read. He swiped. He ignored her.
Sherlock unfolded her pushechair outside; John settled her.
Scratched into Mycroft's pale skin with the edges of his nails, manicure bitten jagged so that they would leave a bloody mark.
with his paramour. His coy companion had dark hair brushed forward across a high, clear forehead, beneath which were the most bewitching eyes.
"Mycroft. He did
“What?”
He was dressed to thrill wherever he went
John shifted to show Sherlock the grass under their feet. “This used to be a marsh. My. Richard’s. Our horse became trapped in the mud. Lord Stanley chose Henry Tudor. Richard Plantagenet fell on Bosworth Field. Right here.  On this very spot.”
They fumbled the box between them and the lid flew off.
(He thinks Mycroft’s arse is a bit of all right, actually – he’s watched it walk away from him too often. He really needs to stop pining after a man he can’t have. He and Sherlock used to be a right idiotic pair, like that, only since John came around Greg’s very much alone in the pining pity party.)
Well.
does the best coffee in Lorne.
'It was pushed through the mail flap on the door,' he declared after a moment. The ribbon is askew.'
"Mycroft?
“All right.” And he did seem to relax, just as he had been more relaxed after speaking with his father last night.
At Baker street, Rosie enjoys her after-school milk and a scone with Mrs Hudson, and shows off Ursa Minor, while her dads go upstairs.
Giles held his son for as long as Sherlock wanted to be held, which turned out to be for a surprisingly long time.
Sherlock was breathing hard. “Rather elaborate, I thought.”
Rosie stopped yelling – she was fond of the Daddy’s version of the Doctor Who theme – but then she started sobbing in big gulping sobs and the heartbreak just got worse.
Still with that interested face. Phillip knew his charm and interested face had coaxed confessions before – but he wasn’t expecting this one.
“Had sex. Since. Well. Since.”
John’s lips parted slightly and Sherlock’s opened his slightly too, so that their mouths pressed more intimately. The tip of John’s tongue ran along Sherlock’s lip and so Sherlock, in turn, slid the edge of his tongue over John’s lip, then against the side of his tongue. A sipping little dance of touch and taste.
“You’re Han and Leia’s boy, Ben.”
Sherrinford Holmes had shaken hands solemnly with John and, with a sober and contrite nod, he placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Meaghan adores watercolours,” says Neil, “She’s a naturally delicate child, such a light touch.”
Phillip reluctantly broke off the kiss, but grinned at Caleb and held his hand.
“And I look at him now and I think, there’s my son again. There’s my boy. We lost him for a while. I was afraid he was gone for good. But here he is. He dresses differently, and he still limps in the cold, and god, that moustache! But he’s here. My son, John Hamish Watson, is back in the world. And I think a lot of that is to do with your son, so I’m glad John came here and met him. Your Sherlock is a fine man.”
“She’s got Mary’s eyes,” she said at last.
,' he read out. '
John lifted her from the chair and tried dancing around with her as she screamed in his ear.
Sherlock had to endure the tedium of making a full statement to the local police, and was less than amused when John excused himself for the duration.
“Come in.” John’s voice held a slightly strained pitch. Greg darted inside and closed the door behind him.
…come epithets and tattling and mad cackles.
“I do,” said Sherrinford. He looked to Mycroft, hovering nearby with an expression more cynical, less puzzled, than Sherlock’s. “I want to wish both of you well.”
Caffeine in its near-raw state. Caffeine that makes teeth itch. Caffeine as fire
“Was it ... just shagging?”
John regarded the beautiful man splayed wantonly on the bed with a stirring combination of wonder, delight, possessiveness, yearning, satisfaction and bright-sparking lust. What a glory his Sherlock was.
He feels Mycroft’s index finger on the back of his hand; feels it trace softly down to his knuckle. “To know whether I could ask you something.”
For another example.
‘They need to move him onto his front,’ Sherlock said, with the same clinical calm tone as his mother. ‘John says pronation produces better results for respiratory patients. Oxygenation is improved, it eases the strain on the lungs…’
“Good day, Mr Garrideb. Rosie, don’t throw Bunny at your Daddy, or I’ll keep him in my pocket with Ducky. Oh, there, darling, Papa didn’t mean to be mean. Here’s Bunny, here’s Ducky.”
“Good boy,” Sherlock told him breathlessly, hand patting through John’s hair while John
“I’m aware.”
“John Garrideb. I heard you were asking about me.”
Sometimes you don’t need to be married. You just need to know that you can if you want to.
“They’ll sell, but you know, that’s forty titles in six boxes. I’d rather take six boxes of one title that’s going to sell out in a week. So would they, when they thought about it.”
Around Giles’s arm, John could see Sherlock turn his head towards the door, hardly interested.
“I thought as much.”
“Is that how it’s going to be?
“They did it for themselves, didn’t they? Mycroft and Sherlock. Came here, escape or penance or whatever you want to call it. And they shook off whatever that past was and made themselves free. They became themselves. Their whole selves.”
“You Australians and your unfathomable love affair with ABBA,’ said Mycroft, rolling his eyes.
“Which are?”
‘He’s making online music videos with all his other out of work musician friends and flooding YouTube with feel good music.’ Something in Sherlock’s eyes gave the game away. ‘Oh my god, you’ve seen them. The one with me dancing.’
There was the time Mycroft came to visit and John cut up a slice of fruitcake into pieces for little hands, and the time Sherlock had to empty his pocket of half-chewed sweets, two hair ribbons and a broken toy dinosaur before he could find the safety deposit key he’d dropped in there. It was sticky. (He still solved the case, though.)
Khan laughed and kissed Richard's bearded cheek. “You are yet a father, for all your womb is full.”
Count the first: It is not the family that is enthusiastic, so much as two members
“Why? We want to get to the kissing.”
“I brought the bear,” he said.
Mycroft pale as wax, cheeks covered in greying stubble, hair lank, and the respirator helping him to breathe, was one of the worst things Sherlock had ever seen in his life.
“Hello Mr Holmes.”
“Yes. You want to write a book.”
“What about Rosie?”
Mycroft’s parents had said.
The Skeleton Monkey
“I’ve got her panels cleared. If they still work she’ll be charging up again. They won’t work, though.”
“I’ll let that most obvious of observations pass, John, since your head must be as sore as mine.”
“Who did she want them to be?” Jack asked.
You are clever, but you are not
Mary was there with James planning a holiday to India, listening attentively to advice from Jack and Fiona Watson, who’d been to Delhi, Jaipur and Agra four years ago.
“Yeah.”
“Yeah. I think. Sort of. Mycroft told him about something weird happening at the hospital. But seriously, John. I think he’s only half pretending to be having a breakdown. I know you think you can’t cope with how he’s not coping either, but maybe you can look after each other. Or maybe you can just go and not cope together.  Hang on to each other and scream at the universe. Like we did on Hampstead Heath that night. Two kids not coping, but
He kissed her forehead. Rosie bumped her wet open mouth against his cheek and gummed slightly at his chin.
“We shall overcome,” declared Leandra confidently, “But Bunny will be on standby with the fire extinguisher, just in case.”
'Mm-huh.' A turn of the page.
“My sons are good men. Happy men.”
Papa didn’t mean to pack
He chewed his lip. “Would you mind. If. I understand that this is. Not precisely. Good.” He put his hands in his pockets.
“Alexander drove me to the station and we took a train to Scotland that very afternoon, leaving Nathan to look after the farm and Howie,” said John Garrideb in a leaden voice. “Nobody in the village here even knew I existed. I went to live with Alexander’s older brother, Hamilton, in Stonehaven.  They made me change my name to John Garrideb, so Jimmy Winter would never be traced. They never told a soul what happened at the well. They let me believe I’d…” He trailed off. “When Hamilton died just a few years later, I had to come back to live with Alexander. You. Your family. You were leaving Musgrave Hall. I wanted to. I wanted to come over. To tell you. But Alexander wouldn’t let me leave the house. Shut me in my room. He. He said I’d be hanged for murder if I told anyone. I was fourteen. Oh, Jesus.”
“Still here, John.” His voice sounded strained.
Mrs Hudson crept quietly down the stairs ten minutes later, while the husbands were in the midst of an excited conversation in which John was saying that if they dispensed with hanging art from the walls, that was so much more wall space for bookshelves, and Sherlock was stating that it would take a carpenter only a few days to install runners in front of the first layer of bookshelves in order to add extra, moveable shelves in front and increase their book storage capacity by at least 50 per cent.
That made Sherlock laugh. Scant hours later in Baker Street, Sherlock tested that hypothesis with eye, hand, tongue and prick, while John sent new wordless cries heavenward and spent himself with dizzy pleasure on the duvet.
“Smoke?” she offered, taking one out for herself. He held out his hand. She lit the one in her hand, drawing in a short breath to get it burning, then transferred it to his fingers. Mycroft took a long drag while she lit one for herself.
Sherlock swallowed.
“What?” asked Phillip. “What?”
Sherlock was something else again. Definitely more bloodhound than bird, following scents and running prey to ground. Ford had learned a lot from his father, Mycroft, but he was a lot like Sherlock, his biological dad.
John grinned at him. “Not me.”
“The bees,” he breathed. The building opposite was decorated in giant golden bees. The Queen sat regally atop a white box of her colony, with a few others scattered over the face of the building.
“Yes. Yes, I know. Thank you. Greg.”
John looked over his shoulder at Harry. “Sorry. For. Thanks for staying last night. She just. She misses Mary.”
John was again startled at how much this man knew. “And who might you be, that you know so much about my business?”
“She took the bottle all right? We used one from time to time before, but she’s still getting used to it. Did you make the formula with the instructions I left?”
“Start now, John.  No time to waste. I’m sure just a few basics will be enough.”
“The Three Muskateers, you said once.”
They clutched to each other and did not cope. Together.
“I never expected to be a parent. I haven’t paid any attention to the practice, let alone the theory. I have to start somewhere.”
Sherlock’s fingers trailed the edge of the grave. He held his pale palm to that brilliant painted light. Closed his hand as if to hold it; pressed the memory of that vibrant colour to his chest, over his heart.
It's also partly based on a story a friend of mine told about how their grandma dealt with their sick baby. We can all be grateful that aspirators exist instead.
century maps of Yorkshire.”
It is, it is, it is my fault.
“So now is your opportunity to grill the relatives on all the sordid details. Speaking of which, I’ve hired a motorhome for the duration so that I have somewhere to escape, so it won’t be all bad.”
“A pony,” he said drily.
“Yes Sherlock?”
Mycroft raised his walking stick and stumbled towards the Garridebs.
Once upon a time, a little boy who was all alone was sent far from home. Once upon a time, a little girl fell into a well and died. And now, today, the truth about Eurus, the Garridebs and that awful day will come out.
They held close. They did not let go.
John hugged his family goodbye and dashed off with Greg so he could change at the studio.
He ate. The toast was almost dripping in butter and piled high with jam. It was what she’d always made him, from when they were little and their mum was in hospital again and Dad buggered off to the pub, or later when they ran off and squatted. Toast was the only thing she knew how to make back then, but she made lots of it.
“Fresh batteries,” he said.
“That blasted fox,” groused Leandra.
“She needn’t have died,” Mycroft cried out feverishly, crawling towards John Garrideb as Garrideb backed away in horror. “You should have come to me. I was
“People. Go figure.” Phillip grinned.
“John!” yelled Lestrade, throwing himself into the doorway to stop the security people from piling on top of John. The DI lurched towards the doctor as he was about to land a third kick on Smith who was, like a madman, laughing. “John! Stop!”
“You’re their Dad, aren’t you?” said Jack.
…she was two years old and standing naked in the sitting room of 221B, her baby belly stuck out and her nappy on the floor, its contents on display for all. This was during Rosemund's brief Discomfort Era, a period that lasted ten weeks and in which Rosie pulled off her nappy immediately after evacuating into it. The cause was obviously discomfort, the response really rather appropriate except when that response happened in the Tesco aisle or that time at Buckingham Palace.
“Not noticeably.” Phillip grinned again. “I’m Phillip.”
Then Sherlock dashed out the door again before John could ask after his sonic screwdriver pen.
“I promise,” he said, solemnly, kindly, and most sincerely. “You’re nervous, and you’ve no need to be.”
Yet debauching was delayed while Khan laid his Richard upon the grassy glade and kissed him most thoroughly, from instep to crown. Soft presses of lips, open-mouthed kisses, suckling delights and most sweet dabs on beloved skin. Only Richard knew that the most tender kisses were placed upon those Bosworth wounds, on his leg and arm and skull. Gentler yet were the ones his Khan gifted to the wounds made when Richard had been beyond feeling them.
“That’s her. What do you know about her?”
Sherlock entwined his fingers with John’s. Lifted John’s hand to kiss his fingers, then rested their joined hands on his thigh, next to Bart the bear. “I love you too. I’ll be here. I promise.”
Mrs Hudson, a voluminous bag in one hand, took John’s elbow; Sherlock took Mycroft’s, and Mycroft’s driver/bodyguard followed a few paces behind. The short distance to Regent’s Park still tired him, so they didn’t make it as far as the English Gardens, but they found a seat by the boating lake.
“A chain of little birdies,” said Sherlock. “Harry called Molly. Molly called you. Quite the network you have going there.”
, which Mary had bought for the nursery when Rosie was two months old. “This story is from Mummy,” he said, and he even tried to mimic Mary’s voice a little.
“This kissing, John. Pay attention.”
And they subsided, holding each other, and let their breathing calm, in synch.
‘Mending. And how’s…?’
“Astonishingly?”
Ben looked sharply at her. “I’m not a philistine.”
“Right. So. Stand there. I’ll start and then… just try to mimic what I do.”
“I thought I'd engage you to teach me this … this…”
“Sixty one point six percent,” says Mycroft, having already done the maths. His voice isn’t working very well.
“Sherlock sent me a text… hey, Mycroft! Shit, no, you’ll hurt yourself.”
Sherlock’s writhe turned into arching and a wanton moan, and so John carefully guided his husband backwards and then lifted him and deposited him onto the bed.
Before he could reply, his phone pinged with a text message. Not just any ping.
Sherlock peeled back one end of the leather, showing it to be a case, the clip that had once held it closed rusted to nothing. He shook the object within it onto his palm.
Down at the State Library, where the radio station’s commentators are poised, the air is fizzing with apprehension. That fizz communicates over the airwaves.
Harry plucked the paper of his hands. “Sorry. I’m sorry. Fuck it. Damn. Sorry Rosie. John. Oh to hell with this.”
Sherlock, what the…?
“An American cousin of theirs. He came to live with them a few years later.  The boy’s father had some trouble with the law, I understand.”
“No. You were right. To make Rosie safe.”
The faint light of a dreamlike dawn spilled from a dreaming silver sky, scattering diamond light on the splashing brook in Khan and Richard’s glade.
John nodded and then shook his head, his face creasing in distress. “I can’t. I can’t take Rosie to the hospital. I want. I’ll. Go. I. But she shouldn’t.” He shuddered and tried again. “It’s getting so I can’t leave the flat. What if he’s. He’s. I can’t.”
“Are you?” asked Giles. “Bothered?”
"What?"
And a baby bottle full of espresso. A baby bottle with a nipple on it because there are no clean adult dishes at 221B Baker Street, none. There are only baby bottles and nipples. Only.
John is beaming at the love of his life. He feels slightly guilty at how proud this tirade makes him feel, but there is the fact that Rosie is as wondrous as Sherlock states, so not very guilty.
It was a relief to enter the ward, named for the philanthropist who had invested so much time and money into St Marcus’s Hospital. It was said that Smith had even had a hand in the design, wanting to make his mark. “Put a little bit of myself into this great work,” he said in innumerable interviews.
“You seem nice to me too, Caleb.” He let his gaze linger too. From gorgeous soft hair, to soft green eyes, to the pale column of throat and long, lean body to… well, surprisingly sturdy thighs.
“It’s foul,” John said at once.
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. ‘It’ll be the same news in half an hour. And tonight. And tomorrow. Corruption, misery, sportsball, celebrity twats, ad infinitum, till the end of time.’
“Another fine wedding tradition,” snorted Harry Watson.
“You’re insufferable,” said Sherlock, though he clearly meant ‘adorable’.
And so John was doing the Daddy Dance while weathering the Rosepocalypse. The Daddy Dance, which was usually guaranteed to make Rosie laugh. Or at least stop screaming when she was distressed and didn’t have Pocks the Fucking Fox when she needed him.
“Oh. Yes. Right. No, I’m not…”
“I’m… I’m.. I’m…” John panted as he got close.
Greg disappeared to fetch John’s groom.
Sherlock looked at the pretty clip hovering in his hand just above Rosie’s head, it was almost the same colour as his shirt, so he slid it into his fringe, and it sat there shining like a jewel amongst the inkiness of his own curls.
'Hmm?'
Caleb blushed – god damn, this pretty thing kept getting cuter – and gave Phillip a shy green-eyed glance from under golden lashes.
Underneath, buried deep. His love.
The grimace was repeated, and it was a cute grimace, that was for sure.
"—little—"
Sherlock held his breath, despite the utter nonsense of John's pronouncement. And sure enough, John's voice whispered to him a secret.
“That’s not how comets work,” grumbled Mycroft but he gave Harry a sly grin as he said it, and she snorted a laugh at him.
John hushed and trusted.
“Yes. Well. The theory is that it’s an evolutionary tactic for survival, evidenced by the ‘baby schema’ and the code for cuteness. Baby everythings are more or less adorable. Even baby alligators. Even baby Mycroft.”
“Even if it’s a majority yes, it won’t be law,” Sally grumbles.
John grimaced, a little sheepishly, until then huffed out a surprised breath when his sister wrapped her arms around him.
John stood at the end of Mycroft’s bed, arms folded, watching him. Mycroft seemed asleep, but he was beginning to rouse.
“Our daughter comes,” he said, he laughed, through ecstatic tears. Through the contractions he laughed more joyful yet. No suffering in his life had been so gladly embraced, no pain so welcome to his body as this, as his waking John self huffed in breaths and bore down; as Khan's waking Sherlock self held John's hand and whispered loving (excited, panicked) encouragement.
—shhhhh. John Watson-Holmes just fell asleep at the chemist. Sat near the self-service blood pressure machine, waiting for the nice Boots pharmacist to help him find the simeticone drops, because along with being so stupid he doesn't even know where his husband is right now, John has been rendered so near-sighted by exhaustion he can pretty much find his baby but is incapable of looking at a shelf full of medicines and finding the one with the sleeping infant on it.
Of all the things John Watson wants for Rosemund, he wants most of all happiness and he has to acknowledge she may find that happiness in things with which neither of her fathers agree.
“Pffft.”
“I love you, too,” Harry mumbled into Leandra’s shoulder, sniffing.
Usually, John washed Sherlock this way, an expression of love that gave Sherlock
“Yeah. On this case of yours.”
Sherlock thought he’d heard the worst of it when Molly called.
That’s when he’d discovered the priceless delight of listening to a princess talking with just as much reckless detail about aerodynamics and aviation history and design. He was captivated: by her knowledge, her voice. He could have closed his eyes and listened to her forever.
Slowly, like honey, kissing, nuzzling, sighing, Sherlock helped John to orgasm. After, they washed each other, still kissing. John massaged Sherlock’s wonderful hands.
When the dance ended, their shirts damp-clingy with perspiration, Mr Holmes’s astonishment at the outlines of the tattoos over their hearts gave way to another wave of wistful acceptance. He could make out the shape of an umbrella over Greg Lestrade’s heart. Over Mycroft’s was a guitar. His son was a stranger to him, but a stranger who loved and was loved. Adored. There was Greg, kissing Mycroft’s fingers, and there was Mycroft, eyes sparkling with joy. The boy he used to be long ago.
* Mustards of every and all kind, focusing on sinus-clearing experiments in which she made her own sweet, grainy, spicy, French, Chinese, and American.
“Ha. She’s involved with Sherlock. Of course you know all about her.”
Sherlock swigged the beer, belched politely into his fist, then, with the primmest expression imaginable, said,
“So they did. You could too, you know.”
John’s vow was less floridly spoken. He was the kind of man to demonstrate more than say, and so he made coffee and made art and made love to express that love.
“They must have natural enemies that limit the increase of the creatures. Restaurants must do their part. Eat an oyster, save the world.”
“Because he’s good at it. Molly singing Jimmy Barnes notwithstanding. Wait. Is that my mother singing
Sherlock looked at his mother. At her pale face and red rimmed eyes and all the love in them. All the fear.
“This?”
That was only part of it, but Sherrinford didn’t want to mention the rest. Flirting with drug use. The cocaine he’d found and flushed away before Sherlock could use it.
“She’s still your sister,” said Leandra softly. At Harry’s frown, she continued. “Eurus is my daughter. I am her mother. She’s dead, but she’s still with me. We still belong to each other, Eurus and I. Mary is gone, but she’s still your sister, just as much as John is your brother, if you want her to be.”
“PHILLIP!” yelled Wendy.
“If he’d hurt you, I’d have broken his fucking legs and thrown him in that damned well. If he’d killed you, I’d have watched him drown.”
"Of course he did. Why would I say he did if he didn't?"
It was difficult to convince Mycroft to hold her at all, let alone encourage him to dandle her on his knee.
But John wasn’t at his peak. And Mrs Hudson was getting older and more prone to passing colds, too.
“There, sweetheart, there.” She was already in the sling. So coat – bugger that, couldn’t get it on over the sling. “Daddy’s got you.” Wallet, then. Keys. “Come on, off to the doctor we go, yes we do….”
John is waiting for the zombies to suck out his brain. It would be
Sherlock stared at the well in which his sister had drowned and then spoke again.
“You didn’t do anything wrong, Harry.”
Mycroft had no idea he sounded just like them. All he knew was that his mother was at his side, bent to wrap her arms around him, and he let her hold him and rock him. His father was standing next to him, holding Mycroft’s hand, stroking his hair. “He’s all right, son. Sherlock’s all right. It’s all right. Hush, now, sssh, my darling boy.”
“This is Sherlock and Mycroft’s father,
In the hole was something hard. Silver. Square. Man-made.
Ella asked him to tell her about the letter: how he received it, why he hadn’t read it. He told her about her old job, the Black Box. That there was a mission, but not who or why. Then fell silent.
"Sherlock."
Count the second: These two are not inclined toward enthusiasms so much as passions. Or not really passions so much as manias. This is to say that Sherlock and his daughter Rosie go absolutely bug-fuck for things they love.
He called Violet.
“Still horny, beautiful?”
“What did you do to my sister?” Sherlock’s tone was hard, chilly, demanding.
‘Oh I’m all right. Social distancing is easy when you’re mostly surrounded by dead people.’ A choked laugh. ‘Oh God. I didn’t mean…’
At the café, they manoeuvred inside to take a seat at the busiest section. John took Rosie into his lap and took out her bottle. Sherlock ordered coffee and waved at their baby from the counter before striking up a conversation with the waitress, a woman waiting to pay, and sundry patrons. Irritating as it could sometimes be, to be the subject of people who thought two men were hapless in charge of an infant, it was invariably a good way to strike up conversation and gather gossip.
Khan pounced, making Richard roar with laughter as he was scooped up and carried to shore like a revered and glittering prize.
“Captain!” he called out, unwilling yet to move. “Sherlock!”
Rosemund.
“Bloody oath,” said Jack. “John wrote that things were a bit strained between you and Sherlock.”
“None of the above, as far as I know. He’s gone for a walk on the new prosthetic with his father and a walking stick.”
“Well. Don’t you look pretty! Come on then, let’s get you into the dress. At this rate, you’ll outshine the bride.”
“Precisely the point that caused Mycroft such agitation. My brother’s not at his best just now. He should be more agitated that Garrideb knew those things about her at all.”
“Where’s Mycroft?” John asked.
Sherrinford drank the rest of the scotch in a gulp. When he looked back across the gardens, he couldn’t see either of his sons and their partners.
'You are enjoying yourself,' Sherlock accused.
John stood aside. Harry bowled into the flat and Molly followed awkwardly behind.
“Harry has taken Mycroft’s prosthetic to her room,” said Sherlock suddenly, “With four tins of paint.”
John huffed a pained laugh at her, knowing that he wanted to cry, and wouldn’t. “When did you get so bloody clever?” It was gently said, though, not a snark in sight.
That’s alarming.
Out of the mouths of babes…
“Don’t be an imbecile.”
Sherlock and John soon learned the trick every parent does. Hand over child, encourage play, give ‘em the old ‘she likes you’ routine, change conversation topic, casually step away to do something,
So, you see. Sometimes John’s day is all about adrenalin and running around after his crazy mad man in a coat. Some days it’s all about fighting his daughter into her blue dress when she wants to wear the red one soaking in a bucket after the goose poo incident. And other days? Well, they’re all about the hair. And when he bemoans the fact that Sherlock, only a couple of years younger than him, hasn’t got one single grey hair on his head. Sherlock just leans over, buries his nose in John’s blonde and grey mop and mumbles “John, you’ve not got grey hairs, they’re just wisdom highlights.”
They held each other, hands roaming, stroking, seeking a reassurance in touch that each was whole and present. Their mouths smeared over cheeks and throats, shoulders, chest, arms and wrists and fingers, returning time and again to each other’s lips, tongues, breathing in each other’s breaths. Sherlock covered John’s body with his own, straddling John’s sturdy thigh, and they rutted together; John, a leg hooked over Sherlock’s hip, turned them so that he could kiss Sherlock’s face and chest all over. He sucked on Sherlock’s lower lip and pushed his cock against Sherlock’s belly. Sherlock’s hands on John’s arse guided him closer.
'It's a present to yourself, is it? To watch me be puzzled, even for a moment.'
“Evidence to support a deduction, I suppose, but you’re very careful, and very clever.”
Greg’s first instinct is to not interfere. Mycroft can take of himself. Mycroft can be pretty bloody scary and dangerous when he chooses, and he may well be working.
“All right. I won’t. You either.”
“Not a lot. Some. Unpleasant.”
Leandra, stony-faced, addressed the Garridebs, who were still sitting on the hard ground. “Go to the police tomorrow. Don’t come to me again,” she said tightly. “Don’t leave. Don’t run. Don’t ask me to forgive you. Not yet. My baby died because of your family.”
His heart cried out at the injustice and, his duty done, he simply… failed to return to the Holy Gates.
“You’re no crazier than my brother Judd, and he’s at least 11 kinds of that.”
“He didn’t kill me,” said Sherlock firmly, though his voice shook. "I wouldn't allow it. I promised."
“All right. But a fag first, yeah?”
John wrapped his arms round Rosie and his sister and pull them down, covering Rosie with his body while Harry instinctively curled around the little girl as well, between them making a shelter.
But…”
“Of course.”
Hence a baby bottle full of espresso.
Porthos gazed down into Aramis’s pretty eyes. ‘You can leave the boots on if you like.’
… “Sherlock!”
John looked for his black coat, couldn’t find it, dragged on another and, with the bear under his arm, ran out to find a cab.
“When I first knew John – and not everyone knows this – he created digital art that expressed for him some of the difficult times he’d experienced. These days, he makes pictures of the things that he loves. The people that he loves. It is such a wonderful thing, to see the deep contentment he has in his life, and the happiness he’s brought to Sherlock, too.  May it ever be thus.”
Leandra stood beside Harry, shoulder to shoulder, and together they looked at the potting mixes and tubs of rose cuttings.
Ten seconds.
“Oh.”
“I had’n any-nuff now daddy.” This was Rosie speak for “If you don’t want a tantrum that can be heard from Mars, I would stop right there mister!”
Mary does know. She volunteers on the boards every week. But she doesn’t say so. It’s not about her. But she believes, with all her heart and all her considerable intellect, that the fear campaigns haven’t worked. As a criminal lawyer, Mary Morstan sees the worst that people can be every working day of her life. But she also sees that on the whole, her fellow citizens aren’t as bad as the worst commentators make them out to be.  She thinks most people are pretty much live and let live, and she thinks that’ll show.
“You’re not just my best man, Greg. You’re my best friend. Well, after Sherlock, but Bill…”
“You told me that the three of you were very close.”
Harry sighed and sat next to him at the table. “Mary should be here, I know. It’s fucked that she’s not.”
“Why?”
It was not.
Not meeting his prospective bride before the wedding day wasn’t anything like the worst part of this whole necessary shemozzle. In fact, the bride turning out to be another groom was actually the best bit of the business. His parents were shocked, thinking they’d arranged a dewy-eyed maiden for this alliance, but the contracts had been signed. They really should have checked whether Sherlock was a girl’s name, or at least insisted on a photograph.
“You said you hated my stories. You said, and I quote, ‘John, you’ve turned what should have been instructive exercises in pure logic into romances.”
Sherlock's fixations include studying cigarette ash, one hundred and fifty-two kinds at last count (now with tobacco from the Holy See, Malta, and Nauru). His wardrobe still houses the aftermath of Sherlock's blue scarf period, during which he bought thirty-eight scarves, every one in a subtly different shade of blue. And the less said in polite company about his ongoing fixation with flesh-eating beetles the better.
(John tried not to flinch at the arched windows overhead; the shadow of a bird passing overhead made his heart race. It was like the aquarium. Waterless. Sharkless. But the sunlight was heavy and opaque to him, the menace of it something he could taste. His hand tremored and he held hard to the bear.
They tilted towards each other and messy kissed. Someone walking past them in a YES rainbow T-shirt cheered them. Molly and Sally saluted the well-wisher with their champagne, discovered the glasses were empty and poured a third round.
“She sank like a stone,” said Sherlock steadily, as though it were no more to him than a lace kerchief, of which he owned dozens. Well. Used to.
“What?”
“Fuddyguff!” shouted Rosie.
Rosie clapped her hands and demanded a dance too, and her Poppy Giles lifted her up to whirl her around the dance floor.
I don't think so
Sally makes a sound through her gritted teeth, a strangled scream.
The soil under John’s feet had grown fertile on the blood of men, Richard’s own princely measure included.
“I guess some nights she just doesn’t need her auntie. She needs her dads.”
“You should know that I am a consulting detective, and I know my parents arranged me into this marriage so that I could be an embarrassment to somebody else for a change, but if you think I will cease to carry out my vocation, you are sorely mistaken!”
Then the whirlwind flew through the front door.
“Photograph,” repeated Sherlock, enunciating it clearly.
She found herself suddenly engulfed in a close embrace. “You’re a good sister,” John said gruffly as he squished her. “You always have been.”
Mycroft looked at the message he had scratched into his arm before the knowledge faded.
“I came back. So did Sherlock, so don’t start on that again.
‘I’ll make the bed. Then I’ll make soup. Then we can watch that video with Sally Donovan dancing again.’
Then he meets a genius. That genius woos him with adventure. Those adventures leave their lives pear-shaped for awhile, but eventually? The genius and the doctor fall in love, marry, create a good life.
“Juliette’s already doing advanced reading with a tutor,” says Marcus. “She’s writing poetry now,” adds Marcus proudly. “She got two gold stars from Miss Pirbright for her cat poem.”
. The look on his face was priceless.”
'Mm-hmm?' John turned another page, clearly not listening.
Harry found Mycroft in his wheelchair at the far end of the Musgrave Hall drive, half concealed behind an English Oak tree.
“Two different types.”
John was no longer part of The Lord’s Design. He had chosen to leave the machinations of Heaven behind and choose for himself on Earth.
He had smelled far, far worse.
“Good. Start now.”
“Congratulations darling. Your father and I are very proud of you. But you know, it’s never a good idea to have an affair with your colleague.”
“Musgrave?” asked John.
“Did they now?”
John resumed gazing at the rings on their fingers, thinking about family, friends. He’d moved to Australia friendless and futureless, hoping to rediscover himself after nearly dying, and spending months feeling like he was still in that state, on the verge of slipping away.
. I was
For the eleventh trope of xmas, my fanfic gave to me, an angel who won't believe in soulmates and the fall of Moriarty.
No. The worse part of it all was this part, a week after the contractual honeymoon period. They’d gone from strangers to lovers happily enough, but were still adjusting to each other, learning how to be married when neither had had a choice in it. They were already fond of each other, but were still asserting their selfdom in their strange new circumstances.
The next day saw Rosemund Watson-Holmes-Morstan unearthing the tiara poppa had worn for the Frognal Fake Royal case, followed the next day by ten tiny fingers in the flashy rings he'd worn for the Ruxley Race case, which culminated in the wee child wearing the gold lamé dress Sherlock'd donned for the Derry Downs Deadly Disco case, and that, finally, was the end of that for Sherlock.
John felt Sherlock brace for a lunge, and how suddenly Sherlock relaxed when, instead of lunging, John leaned up and kissed the side of Sherlock’s mouth. His cheek. The side of his mouth again and then his lower lip. Both lips, soft, chaste little kisses.
“Here you go,” she said.
“Oh, sugar! I’m sorry!” he says in the lightest version of his usual voice, not exaggerated and falsetto but his feminine side revealed. “I’m such a clumsy girl.”
Off they at last went. Greg and Mycroft went down to the car they’d hired and drive the newlyweds to the Langham Hotel in Southbank.
“You say you have your boy back.”
Mrs Hudson touched Mr Holmes’s elbow. “SO why are you really here?”
“Let’s go get you married then!”
John Watson-Holmes squeezed his arm around Sherlock’s waist and grinned up at Sherlock with devastating affection. “It was romantic.”
Beer guy thought D Mitaka probably needed throttling just as a public service, but the magnificent blonde gave him a steely, knowing look, gave D Mitaka a kiss on the mouth, and said, “I’ll look after all this, babe. You man the fort out here.”
Giles wondered if Sherlock was blushing there in the falling light. He was staring at his own feet and scowling rather fiercely.
It was never ‘just a minute’ getting Rosie ready for an outing, but Sherlock put together the travel bag and made sure it had a baby blanket, change of clothes and nappies for emergencies, formula, toys, baby wipes and whatnot while John dressed Rosie in a red and white polka dot bloomers and a red spotty shirt with a toucan on the front. He put a soft cotton hat on her head and told her she was a little wonder.
“Let’s get you inside, hey? Nanna and Poppy want to see you.”
Soulmates trope!
“It’s fine. I just need a moment. Sherlock will too, I’m sure.”
“Will I what?”
Holding hands, laughing, the went out to strut their gay, gay, gay musical selves to the wedding party, and buy the grooms a little more time in their garden shed.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I wasn’t. Fair. It wasn’t your fault. None of it was your fault.” He looked at the place where Mycroft’s lower leg used to be. “Don’t be stubborn about telling your doctors if the phantom pains continue. That’s your nerve endings not being able to tell the signals aren't going anywhere. There are drugs for that.”
John took Sherlock in his arms and, as they’d rehearsed so often – and once before, long before even this wedding – they swept around the dance floor together. John couldn’t stop smiling, partly because Sherlock couldn’t either. They beamed at each other and didn’t seem to see the rest of the room.
Before they caught their train back to London, they passed through St Martins once more. John waited while Sherlock placed white roses at the feet of Richard’s statue.
“Don’t wait up!” sang out Sherlock and he whirled out of the flat on his not-date.
“That idiot boy who tried to assassinate Queen Victoria in 1840,” said Mr Holmes immediately. “Was sent to an asylum.”
“Can we start with one?”
More laughter. Mrs Hudson dabbed at her eyes. Dimitri hugged her.
“Yes. She had a good heart.”
John. He believes, after a fashion. He doesn’t know if he and Sherlock were destined, but he does know that they chose each other. Whether or not this is a plan of God’s, they live as they have always chosen to live – standing shoulder to shoulder to bring a little justice to the world, leave a little less pain where they can.
And in the next moment Culverton Smith vanished, whipped away as though by the hand of God, and Sherlock heaved for breath as tears streamed down his cheeks.
“Not sure it was all Juliette’s own work,” John murmurs for Sherlock’s ears only. Sherlock hums, apparently deep in thought. Sherlock’s not always here when the waiting Mums and Dads play a round of Competitive Child Development. John tries to resist joining in, but he feels obscurely like he’s letting Rosie down by not boosting her achievements.
Kalisch says 79.5% of people voted. “Outstanding for a voluntary survey,” he says.
The best that could be said of John’s symptoms was that he didn’t need a respirator.  He coughed and sneezed, but the fever was mild. He ached all over, but he could breathe. He was weak but he wasn't in the ICU.
John didn’t want to hear about that deleting nonsense, so he’d resumed kissing and Sherlock, quick study and excellent student as he was, resumed kissing back.
Mary, holding Rosie on her hip, stopped blowing little kisses at her daughter to say, “It’s just a walk in the sun though, isn’t it?”
the three of you. He’s in shreds too. You need each other, especially now.”
“For remorse that still pleads repentance for every dark deed,” sighed Richard, but then he smiled. “And for hope. For joy. In my first life I was a father, for too short a time. In other lives I was sometimes woman, and bore children and surrendered them to fate. Yet this bearing is different, for I was never yet, in this my first body, a mother.”
“At least.”
Gregory Lestrade-Holmes, like John, stood supportively close to his husband and encouraged him without saying much. From a sudden sideways glance Mycroft gave Greg, Sherrinford wondered if the son-in-law was patting Mycroft’s back.
“What ambitions could you have had for them that they haven’t exceeded?” Mrs Hudson demanded.
“I reckon they are.”
Leandra found Sherlock by the old well, when she went looking for him after breakfast. It was boarded up again now, just as it should have been on the day Eurus died. Leandra battled an unreasonable fear to see Sherlock standing so close to it. Ridiculous. He was a grown man and hardly likely to fall down a clearly marked, safely shut up well.
In starts and stops, they trotted in Toby’s wake until they came to a butcher’s, and Toby lost the scent. Sherlock crouched to fuss Toby again, tell him he was a good boy, he’d done his best. There’d be a fresh clue and a resolution within the week, but for now the three adults took baby and dog on a refreshing walk through a park before returning Toby to his keeper.
“He didn’t say why.”
Greg enters the audience area via the side door and saunters across the room. He’s got the strut, he’s got the sway. He’s got the pout and the sass.
She inhaled on the solemn, sad thought and then made her expression bright again. “Anyway, I thought I’d come and see if I could make things slightly less miserable for you.”
This afternoon it was back in favour, even though her tongue thrust reflex occasionally deposited a blob of it on her bib, John’s shirt or her blanket.
