I blinked in confusion. It was a very different room that surrounded me all of a sudden. Huge pieces of corrugated iron were bitten out of the roof and walls of the hall, their debris covering the entire ground inside. Clouds of black smoke surged out of the holes created that way and to my right the blazing inferno was speedily consuming the entire side of the old building. The open space surrounded by flames looked churned up as if the bomb fell on it. I tried not to think about the fate of two gorillas who sat there mere moments ago. I had no time for it anyway since I was coughing roughly, almost choking on it. The air was thick and all but unbreathable, threatening me with smoke-inhalation.
"I had to," shrugs John with a cheeky grin. "Our neighbours would otherwise think some bloody sawmill was placed here in our room."
“No, it’s not! Go!” Sherlock yanked me by the hand and continued running along the narrower side of the dock, through the South Sea Street, dragging me behind him. I could not comprehend what he wanted to achieve that way but I didn’t protest and tailed him closely.
“What? A hotel?” Vernet recoiled in horror and disgust. “You can't mean that! Of course you will stay in my place tonight and Doctor Watson is invited too! I insist!”
Diamonds don’t last forever! Audacious robbery at Coster Diamonds!
”Oh, that's all right with me,” comments John unconcernedly and inclines his head quite close to Sherlock's, staring intently into the pale eyes that opened again and darkened in thrill. “You know that I crave danger.”
Sherlock looked at us, his whole face shining brightly: “It struck me that the storage place full of plaster antique statues could be an ideal place for hiding such small stones. If these were cast-in into one of the sculptures, it would take an incredibly long time since any stranger would discover them.”
Very much relieved, I kicked the car into gear.
Suddenly, the brakes of the train screeched so violently that a rain of fiery sparks blew out of them and flew by our window like the meteoric shower. In the next second the train stopped with such a sharp loss of momentum that I was practically ejected out of my seat and ended as the hodgepodge of twitching legs and arms somewhere on the ground. In the corridor outside, a loud thud and a string of juicy French curses were audible, a tell-tale sign that Inspecteur Ganimard fared no better than me out there. Sherlock too staggered dangerously and saved himself from falling only by grasping the door-leaf by both hands.
I put my finger to his full red lips.
xxxxxxxx
And you? I felt this question tickling me at the tip of my tongue. Where do you stand in relation to this man? Why were you so shaken at the sight of him? What post does he occupy in your heart, in your mind?
“After we were involuntarily dragged into that crime, I immediately noticed the Dutch connection practically leaping at us. De Vries was a Dutch citizen, he owned an enterprise located in Amsterdam and the other victim operated in the North Sea, connecting Netherlands and the other North Sea countries with the UK. The only motive for their deadly quarrel I could imagine was money or some financial dealings between the two, but not of an ordinary kind, because such dealings would hardly require hydrocyanic acid being thrown around. I therefore made a short survey of the unsolved crimes taking place in Amsterdam in the last month and this diamond matter immediately caught my eye.”
Damn! My reconciliation prospects were looking bleaker and bleaker with every passing minute.
The bell over the door rang sharply as Sherlock ran out into the night, the darkness outside swallowing him like the inky swamp water.
The jetboat was propelled into the air with an aggressive force. And just like that, it landed into the big blotch of light cast by the huge tourist boat passing nearby. The tourist boat whose deck was swarming with females, I might add. They were all outside, making an effort to photograph the Canary Wharf or the bowl-shaped O2 building - and obtained another exciting view to that unexpectedly.
“He had this thing fastened to the wrist of his left hand. The other end was attached to the emergency-brake up here.” He explained, evidently in good humour. “It was an elegant and admirably simple trick, I must admit... too bad all this effort was to no avail eventually.”
”Not enough data yet,” replies Sherlock and closes his eyes, scratching the nape of his neck absentmindedly. “Still, I cannot congratulate you on the choice of your partner, John. He is irresponsible and obstinate and will inadvertently draw you into danger.”
And just as Sherlock predicted, we were immediately grabbed from behind.
Ella’s advice on my inner crises turned out to be useful after a while and this kind of self-hypnosis calmed me down a bit. Feeling a year older, I wiped out cold sweat from my forehead and blinked against an unchanged, passive, oblivious sunlight as if I was waking up from a short unpleasant dream. I carefully looked around.
Vernet gulped heavily, nodded and mutely made a bolt for the nearest cab stand.
A silent scratching sound echoed from the direction of the door at that second. We both stiffened in shock – but it was a false alarm. No one approached our room, the occupants of the house were still asleep. The scratches clearly resounded from behind the wall.
Seething in rage, I grabbed two brutally heavy coffers into my hands and followed the dastardly pair out of the station. Their heads were already together and they were chattering in that peculiar Occitan dialect which was utterly incomprehensible to me. They effectively cut me off from joining the conversation that way. Beasts!
“Amsterdam,” responded Sherlock laconically, without taking a glance at me.
“I saw you at the Eye, you were there. The crutch that almost fell at you from the cubicle – I want it. It is currently somewhere at this man’s office. I don’t care how you get it, just bring it here. And no word to the police or else…”
We stood by the base of the giant Ferris wheel, with the fresh greenery of Jubilee Gardens at our backs and enjoyed the view of the flowing water. Sherlock’s unruly curls fluttered in the light breeze and his paleness was compromised too, attractive redness blooming like roses on his cheeks.
“Maybe a man was bored? And this seemed like a good way to spend time?” Sherlock smiled bitterly, clearly mocking my earlier distrust in his ability to evaluate the dangerous situations properly. “After all, summer is such a perfect season for murder, wouldn’t you say?”
But this was not necessary, thank God. Because the man shrugged his shoulders with disinterest and continued reading Le Figaro, the slightest hint of contempt and malice apparent in the wavy line of his lips.
“My deepest apologies, monsieur,” I bowed my head in excessively polite manner. “Your newspaper caught my eye… I see that this renowned British detective, Sherlock Holmes, was appointed by police to investigate those daring thefts committed in the Louvre… isn't that exciting?”
Sherlock grunts, his milky skin flushed dark red, his lower body shaking with the force of John's rhythm. He squirms as if he was trying to escape from his bonds but John is relentless, sliding the blade of his cock into its warm sheath again and again. Sherlock's animalistic grunts change into low moans quickly and the man trembles with an almost inaudible cry, his muscles clenching powerfully. John senses a rush of wetness on his thighs and near his knees unexpectedly and a hot wave of blood surges over him. He grasps Sherlock's back into a tight embrace and spurts up, discharging his load into the man.
The force of the strike wrenched Sherlock’s face to the side. Subsequently, the gorilla holding him twisted his hands behind his back tautly.
“Is it?” The young man smiled in haughty amusement. “Personally I do not care for such Saxon horse-face.”
Puzzled, Anderson took the little parcel from Sherlock and overturned it. The orange pips, five in number, naturally fell out. Shocked at the meaning implied by them, Anderson gasped out loud: “Oh!”
“Well, it would be a very big coincidence if their semtex exploded spontaneously exactly in the moment when it did. And I remember now how you threw the crutch over my shoulder in that last second. I am not dumb, Sherlock. Please, tell me everything.”
Noticing a jetboat, I stiffened in alarm. I cast a hesitant side-glance at Sherlock. My sense of foreboding did not disappoint me – Sherlock grinned from ear to ear like the Cheshire Cat.
And with these words, he tore down the black plastic cover from the offending crutch.
Sherlock, naked and sated after our lovemaking, laying his curly head on my shoulder. Pliant and trusting as a child, filling me with all kinds of sweet pleasure.
“Damned!” Using this uncharacteristically harsh word Sherlock plopped at the seat next to me and shouted at a cabbie: “Take us to the Pont Vieux! Quickly!”
“The murderer is still up there… in the room!” She whispered dramatically, her lips grey as if they were completely devoid of blood.
“Oui.”
“Oh, shut up, you.” I growled with a smirk and burrowed under the duvets lazily.
“Oh, you!” I couldn’t move much and so I just nudged him with my pelvis to convey my exasperation.
Sherlock abruptly let go of me, whirled to his cousin and clutched at his coat, long fingers tearing into fabric like claws. He put his face close to the stunned Frenchman and said to him in a low, urgent voice, his eyes blazing savagely: “Marcel, we must remove the books and papers from Professor's house immediately, lest the police find them! Where does he live currently?”
This lowbrow argument took my breath away.
It didn't last long.
But all the while, it remained hidden at the back of my mind, dwelling there in the form of some vague, undefined unease.
And there went my amorous efforts. Sherlock's head snapped up and he aimed a sharp, threatening gaze in the direction the noise just came from.
The train to Perpignan emerged in a distance at last. It swiftly reached the station and with a heavy clangour of its machinery stopped next to the platform occupied by our scattered company.
I almost rammed into Sherlock from behind. He stood right behind the threshold, rigid like the pillar of salt into which Lot's wife changed at the gates of Sodom. He held his deerstalker in one hand, revealing his pale face to me and I noticed his weirdly numb stare which was pointed at something placed at the far end of these premises.
The only thing preventing me from enjoying the lovely view was the mouth of our companion, Vernet. It never closed during our journey and the ceaseless Guillaume-this and Guillaume-that started to wear on me, very quickly.
What I held for a tiny, harmless light in the sky a moment ago swished down with an unexpected speed and smashed into the concrete few feet from us with ear-piercing ringing. An oblong, slender metallic object – a crutch with an open cuff. The force of an impact sprang it back into the air and the blasted thing bounced along the promenade wall as if it was endowed with a life of its own, leaving scratches and dents on the spot where it fell. Where I stood a few seconds ago, actually. If Sherlock didn’t tear me to the side…
And so he gave up his villa in the centre of the town and moved to the poor house in a significantly less glorious district where he was not so well known. That way he could impersonate another person, a hesitating sympathiser of the Cathar movement seeking the help and the guidance of the bonhommes.
"They threatened Rosie. That is why Mycroft brought you here".
Watson's bitter laugh surprised Lestrade.
John huffed a smugly naughty laugh.
Molly shook her head, amused. The landlady would never cease to amaze them. h
They nodded. Steve held his shield tight and adjusted the helmet, as Tony donned his nanotech Ironman suit. They advanced slowly, silently, Stephen opening the march, followed by Sherlock, Tony, Natasha, Steve, and Thor closing it, looking everywhere, seeing nothing but darkness.
"Rosie drew it for him. It's his Father's Day present", John explained, looking at Sherlock with tenderness.
"Will you show it to me?" Sholto asked.
"Yes, and you've had the brilliant idea to get out of the country, which you know I can't protect you. Stupid as always, little brother," Mycroft hissed, not letting Greg answer.
Mycroft rolled his eyes again.
******
“Molly, this place is filled with corpses that could stand alive at any moment and…”
) and got obsessed with control and Sherlock's security.
“Only a week? I was thinking about a month,” sighed John, leaning his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, who chuckled and stroked John’s hair.
He forgot everything when he felt Greg's cock rubbing against his face. He turned his neck until he could put it in his mouth. Mycroft melted into its exquisite taste, into Greg's smell, into what he loved to suck that cock, but then he remembered what his task was. He raised an eyebrow. If Greg wanted to come in five minutes, he would make him orgasm it two.
"What, this?" John rolled his hips tentatively.
The sound of dozen of phones receiving a message at the same time went through the conference room. Journalists withdrew their attention from Lestrade, Donovan and Dimmock to check their smartphones.
Lestrade looked at him, sad about how lonely, sad and desperate Mycroft must have felt. Mycroft was right. He and Sherlock were much more like each other than the detective liked to admit.
John watched him for a few moments, narrowing his eyes.
"Well, you can always hide behind Sherlock," Lestrade scoffed.
John laid on his left side, trying to find a position that prevented .further damage to his battered shoulder. It was not easy for him. The pain of the blows forced him to lie down in an uncomfortable, forced foreshortening. He rested his head on the ground but removed it immediately. The stroke from the barrel of the gun still hurt him. The man struck him so hard he instantly dropped out.
He stopped dead, tilting his head, listening, scanning the darkness around him. Something was wrong.
All gaped.
"And that's it?" asked Tony.
"I know I have no right to tell you this that it is not fair because you are with Tony, but... I... No, I was going to say that I like you, but it's much more than that. I love you, Stephen Strange. I fell in love with you the first time I saw you at Avengers Facilities, talking with your smug, know-it-all asshole air. Since that day..., since that day I haven't been able to stop thinking about you. And God knows I've tried, because... well, you're totally out of my league. You just have to look at yourself and look at me. I'm not a God, I don't have superpowers or a supercool nanosuit, I'm not even tall. But, as much as I tried to forget you, as soon as I got careless, I began to daydream. When I fell asleep, I dream about you: I see us walking, laughing, making love..." he blushed and lowered his head.
Six hours later, with a sore back, without having slept a wink, and grumbling, she started the taxi and stopped again in front of Baker Street, looking at the blue car parked in front of her, from which two men in black suits, watched her without the slightest dissimulation.
John loved how responsive Sherlock was, how easily and intensely, he reacted to stimulation. Being so sensitive, it was not surprising that the man avoided physical contact as much as possible. Otherwise, half of London would have the detective moaning like jelly in his hands in a couple of minutes.
"Jonas Lombard."
"Martha..." began Anthea.
John laughed reluctantly.
"When will we have the pleasure of you telling us where we are?" grunted Tony.
Natasha looked at him in surprise. Stark cleared his throat, and she frowned. What made Tony so insecure?
"He will be with me," John said. "Nothing will happen to him. He is going to have a heart attack if you say no".
Sherlock did not answer. He wasn't worried about the jump in time. He feared going back to John's wedding day. To all that suffering and despair, to the pain of knowing he lost John forever. He was terrified that, somehow, that line of space and time would come around the course and make the last three months, the happiest time of his life, vanished like a dream. He couldn't go back to the dark solitude that was his only companion until he met John, to the obscurity that he only achieved to dispel by getting high. He couldn't go back to hell after touching the heaving with John.
Everett opened his mouth to warn her, but the detective, always on top, muffled the sound by gagging him with tape. The knob turned slowly, the door opened, and the barrel of a gun appeared.
Sherlock nodded.
"John? John Three Continents Watson?" asked one of them, incredulously.
“Sherlock, listen to me. I want you to keep in mind only one thing this weekend. We have a great responsibility for taking those children with us. They are no kind of guinea pig you could experiment with. Do you understand this?
"I'll be right back," he told Sherlock.
Sherlock screamed, surprised when he felt the dildo being pull out of his ass, and the next second, John's cock impaled him with one blow as the doctor pulled him back, away from the counter to find one better angle to shag him.
"Understood," Mycroft raised his head, his cold gesture covering his face again. "Be confident I'll never bother you again."
John headed for the elevator, hitting hard the ground with his cane at every step. When the doors were about to close, Lestrade slipped between them.
The detective sighed and turned around.
"The castle is yours, so she will be upset with you. And she doesn't have to know," retorted Sherlock, a hint of worry dancing in his words.
Sherlock's face contorted in pleasure again, John thrusting harder and deeper, and Sherlock screamed while coming for the second time, his cum hitting John’s torso.
He sat on a wall ledge. It wouldn't take long for him to get there. And he came five minutes later, a smirk on his face.
Holmes lowered his gun and looked at John. The wind blew his hair, and his coat fluttered around, but he seemed not to perceive the ghosts of his past, willing to destroy him at any time.
John stopped, eliciting a frustrated grunt from the detective.
On the other side, Sherlock just waited. He knew it was a matter of time that Lestrade requested his help. But the prick didn’t lose the chance to play with the Yards at the press conference, because of the whole country and, even worse, of his superiors.
And, as the Major knew, when Sherlock Holmes opened his eyes, he saw everything.
"We've got Clay".
Mycroft and Lestrade followed the direction in which the SAS captain was pointing.
The flat was still a wreck, just as Sherlock left it, but the living room was littered with screens, keyboards, hard drives, laptops, and other devices she didn't recognize, all of them scattered among rubble and paper. Sitting in a chair, moving between several screens, she recognized Craig, the hacker who Sherlock resorted to when he needed to gather information in an unorthodox way. But what surprised her most was to see, next to him, dressed in a back suit, a smiling Anthea, without her famous mobile in her hands.
"God," he mused before bursting into laughter, accompanied by the detective.
All of them, parents included, remained silent for a while, each one immersed in his own thoughts.
John pursed his lips.
He was about to walk away when he turned back again:
"You may not have powers, or a super cool nanosuit, or be tall, or a god," Everett lowered his head, "but you're smart, strong, brave, loyal, and you fight for your ideals. You wouldn't hesitate to give your life to them, fight against injustice, or, as you did before, to help those in need, like John and Sherlock. And it is much more valuable precisely because you have no powers, no nanosuit, and you are not a god. That's what makes you great and incredible, and what makes you so far above us, above me".
Hope you enjoyed it!
Lestrade and the others gaped to see the image of Dr. John Watson sitting in his armchair in Baker Street typing on his computer.
About an hour later, while the three of them were reading on each of their respective deckchairs, a girl about Rosie's age approached her and asked something in Spanish. The girl turned to Sherlock.
After a few seconds of stupor, everyone grabbed their suits and rushed to the back of the hangar.
"Doctor Watson, you don't understand the seriousness of... You don't know what it takes to do what Sherlock just did".
John came hard, shouting Sherlock’s name, as the detective moaned, expelling all the air from his lungs.
"Now you have," John teased, getting up from the sand and shaking off his clothes.
Sherlock sighed and sat on the sand. John, laughing, rushed to the shore, took Rosie in his arms, and ducked her into the sea until it reached his knees, while he pretended to throw Rosie into the water, to the girl's delight, who was clinging to the doctor's arms amidst shrieks and waves of laughter. When John saw the detective was on his feet, he walked to the shore, where Rosie ran to Sherlock, and the three of them returned to the house.
"Sherlock, I told you before. I'm not doing it for Mycroft; I'm doing it for Mike. After the ambush, after we were held hostage when they finally found us, he was presumed dead. He has been there for ten years, Sherlock. I have to find him and bring him home, Sherlock. I can't just leave him there. I would never forgive myself."
Then Zoltar eyes became red and the attraction came to live. The lights went on and Zoltar was opening and closing his mouth.
What about the
"No, you have to drink and get well. You have to help Sherlock."
Sherlock chuckled
He went back to bed and sat astride Sherlock.
Then, something heavy hit Sherlock's head, and the world went black.
"And if not, you'll snitch, like you did when we were little."
Sally snorted.
“Papa, you have to come with us!” claimed Rosie.
"I said go," repeated Sherlock, still hiding his face to the ground.
But there was Sherlock again, in a hospital room, nursing a stab wound that would have been fatal a couple of millimetres further to the right. And that was the only thing keeping John from turning all his fury on the detective.
John didn't take it badly. He knew Sherlock didn't blame him directly, but he couldn't find any other way to deal with the frustration and anguish of not being able to get out of the flat. If it was hard for everyone, for someone as mentally powerful and hyperactive as Sherlock, it was almost unbearable, even though he understood and accepted the reasons to be quarantined.
He inhaled sharply and left the room, fuming, cursing that he couldn't slam the door. He hated it when Sherlock was so obtuse about his feelings as if he wasn't aware of all that John had been through.
"Of course, she does."
Sherlock nodded again, squirming a little by John’s insistence.
John also slowed down his thrusting pace, pulling out his cock almost entirely to bury it again sloooooowly in Sherlock's arse as he cupped the detective balls with one hand, caressing them, as with the other pinned the sleuth on the mattress.
"This is why you came back?" he asked.
“No” panted the detective, grabbing John by the waist and pulling their hips together, their cocks brushing across the fabric, making both of them moan. “I need you. Now”.
"I hate to repeat myself. You heard me the first time. I'm just warning you... Oh!" Sherlock, who was staring at Tony, smirked and turned to Stephen, "It's not superiority complex, he is…"
John looked at the cables twisted to the boy's body, connected to the pump, distressed.
"Go to the airfield," Mycroft walked to the street where the car was waiting, followed by Lestrade. He stopped and grabbed his phone.
They clinked their glasses and drank. Sherlock almost spurted his drink with a laugh looking at the grimace drawn on John's face, a mix of surprise and displeasure due to the champagne's flavor notes of raspberry and toasty puff pasty.
The three set out to combat the spirits that were rushing at them, while Strange multiplied himself, creating whips that sparkled as they collided with the ghosts, making them retreat.
The ex-mercenary shook his head.
"As if you didn't know he would accept it after what you told him," grunted the landlady. "Get out of my house now. If you don't leave, I'll report you for forced entry. I can do that, right, Greg?"
Jake and Pete got back in the car.
"Then I'll ask Penrose to give you one last chance to finish the job."
"Your vet is doing fine," he observed.
"Where is Rosie?"
He sighed, glumly
A hellish loud crash startled him. A large motorbike smashed through the roof, the engine on, wheels turning, dragging sand, wood, and dust in its wake, hitting the ground with a deafening bang as it crashed into it, trapping two mercenaries below.
"I am truly sorry. I never meant to put her in danger. I didn't know they will torture John. That wasn't the plan. They just wanted to keep you away from London. They told me no one would hurt John; they'd just be captured but... someone got nervous and forced their hand."
“Nope. Punishment, remember?”
"It's easier."
“But Papa!” protested Rosie, a bit frightened.
"And what about the other groom?" asked a bit later, one of his army mates. "Is he having a stag party also?"
“I know you'll meet here with DI Donovan. She thought that I ... it would be good if I joined you.“
He remembered his categorical refusal to attend John's wedding, alluding he had a lot of work when, in fact, he was killing himself exercising in his gym at home. Lestrade thought, like everyone else, that he was angry that the doctor was marrying Mary instead of his brother. He never thought he was trying to stop an old wound from reopening.
But when I looked at him, I knew something wasn’t right. There was something I couldn’t properly read on him, but I convinced myself that all it was in my imagination. I couldn’t lose the only person who seemed to like me, to love me.
“Get out, BOTH OF YOU!” he finally commanded. Mycroft breathed a sigh of relief and ran out of the room. The writer focused again on his papers. Donovan cleared his throat (once more!), cautiously.
John raised his body anytime Sherlock arched his back, like in a sex dance, avoiding contact, making the detective burn with desire, to finally slide a third finger inside Sherlock, thrusting them inside and out, brushing against his prostate, the detective’s hips bucking off the bed while he grabbed the doctor's hair almost painfully.
Mycroft shook his head.
Mycroft relaxed a bit. Sherlock accepted the peace pipe. He lowered his head and remained silent, hesitating. If he only could find a way to...
Mycroft clenched his teeth.
Sherlock threw a nervous look to the kids. They, a bit scared of Tommy’s cries of pain, looked back at him.
The two brothers gaped. Sherlock, incredulous that anyone would call him his boyfriend and Mycroft, his brain unable to process the doctor was not only standing up to him but giving him orders.
"I have a business to attend to," the British Government said, standing up.
John wrote it down as Sherlock's brother dictated it to him, not understanding why the change was made, while Anthea did the same in Baker Street with hers, none of them able to follow the Holmes’ thread of thought.
They stood one in front of the other, looking at each other's eyes, as if they didn't want to break some kind of spell, slowly undoing the knot of the other's tie, gently sliding them down the collar of the shirt until they fell to the ground. Their hands moved to each other's shirt, slowly unbuttoning them, both locked into each other's eyes. Pupils dilated by desire, a mouth half-open, the other biting his lower lip, holding back the impulse to stripe the other in a hurry. Both getting more and more aroused by their hands' slowness, the gentle rubbing of the fingertips as they undid the buttons, merely a brush on the skin, their cocks growing inside their trousers, the room filled with their soft gasps of anticipation.
John nodded. He was worried sick, not only for the children but for Sherlock. He knew his husband and, though the detective could act like a mad man sometimes, he wasn’t any of it. And he’d never endanger others’ lives, let alone children’s.
Anthea bent down beside her and Donovan felt her heart racing, without truly understanding what was happening to her. They looked at each other, nodded, and turned to the windows to keep shooting. At the same time, Mrs Hudson and Molly did so in the other, the second closing her eyes every time she pulled the trigger, always finding a target in her erratic firing, the first one shooting man after man who was trying to get closer to the door.
"But he made such a fuss about her homework, saying it was for idiots, that the girl would not learn anything from it and he would organize it… So the doctor threw him out of the room where the girl was doing it. From that day on, the doctor does not allow him to be with the girl while she is doing her homework, or to correct it, or anything like that. He doesn't seem to be doing well at all, because he spends the whole time like this, on the couch".
"It's early for dinner? It's seven o'clock!" exclaimed Rosie.
Lestrade did as Donovan suggested and shook his head. Empty.
“That's what my therapist said. I can’t help it. He was the best thing ever happened to me and, suddenly, I had to learn to live without him. It is not fair.”
He moved close to Sherlock's feet, disappearing into the darkness. The detective tensed up when he noticed John taking out his vibrator and slowly inserting the dildo into his hole.
Or bends with the remover to remove.
"Yes. She's fine. Scared and cold, but she's fine".
"Speaking of Sherlock, you should get dressed and go to Baker Street
"If Milo can sleep in your bed, Merlin will sleep in mine".
******
"Why?" he simply asked.
"Get out of my house," she repeated, angrier than before.
The doctor's face, serious after the encounter with Stark, relaxed.
"I cleared my way. I followed your example".
The three soldiers looked at each other, gauging their chances of picking up the shovels and attacking their captors. But the risk of John and Jonas being shot was too considerable.
"To Donovan?" Greg frowned, recalling the lying body of the officer, "But she is..."
Lestrade, who had remained watching the scene, threw himself on the floor and crawled under the table until he was in front of John's legs. On his knees, he unzipped the doctor's trousers, pulled them down, did the same with his pants, and released John's large throbbing cock, impressive even only half hard. Gluttonously, he took as much as he could inside his mouth. He choked when John, roaring in pleasure, thrust it inside the DI's mouth, so he moved away a bit. Greg closed his lips around the tip and sucked it, stroking the rest of the shaft up and down, him harder and harder.
"May 18th, 2008, 22:25," replied Stephen.
"Calm down, love," said John, who didn't want to miss watching Donovan fucking him, "You are going to love it."
Sherlock turned his head without moving the trunk, looking over the sofa.
"With that jumper, I doubt it very much."
"Yes, but you can't take them all with you. We would need to live in a house like Mycroft's," warned John.
"Clay put himself under Moriarty's command and helped him build his Serbian net. Moriarty then came to London, leaving Clay there, who rose quickly within the organization. To increase his mercenaries, Moriarty advised him to rescue prisoners of war with amnesia, like Mike. At that time, there were many conflicts, and it was not difficult to find them. Little by little, Clay armed almost an army" explained Sherlock.
“A bit.”
Sherlock pursed his lips.
"Of course I can" Sherlock got out of bed, walked to the door, and cleared his throat.
"This is between Mycroft and me!" barked Sherlock, connecting a stiff right hand to Mycroft's left cheekbone.
John protested in the same way as Rosie did when he told her that same sentence every night, but the detective, ignoring his protests, led him to bed, and tucked him in.
"What is she doing here?" he asked between his clenched teeth.
“I always know, Donovan. I know everything.“ Said Sherlock in a smug tone.
"And I was. Only I didn't know that this night with Mycroft included a surprise stag party. Do you really think I would have come here willingly?" retorted the detective.
“Go to your business Billy; I’ll take care of them,” the man ordered, looking fondly at the kids. Sherlock winkled at Rosie and went back where he was hidden when Rowan found him.
"I take back everything I said in the letter," grumbled the detective.
Lestrade stopped for a moment and continued reading with a lump in his throat.
"We bought your nannies a drink," announced the sergeant, raising her glass in the direction of a nearby table, where two men dressed in black raised theirs in response.
Sherlock kept singing the next stanza:
"No, I'm fine," Greg smiled.
She smiled sadly. God! That wasn’t being easy, but she felt how all the rage she kept inside started dissolving.
But, somehow, the idea seemed amusing for the others, and soon all of them were putting on their coats and scarfs, while John unsuccessfully tried to stop them. Beaten, he took out his phone to warn Sherlock about the plague that was going to invade Baker Street in seconds, but Mike, guessing his intentions, took it out from his hands, and soon the phone was flying from hand to hand until John got tired of trying to recover it.
"Luckily for you, Moriarty only wants to terminate those who Sherlock appreciate."
"Now get out. I'm going to scold my boyfriend for faking his death and then kiss him some more."
Sherlock bobbed his head, sucking and swallowing John's cock, loud and vibrating moans of pleasure coming from his mouth, reaching John's cock directly. If Sherlock usually was vocal in sex, when he was edged, the volume of his moans, cries, whines, and groans increased notably. John groaned, getting lost in the wonderful sessión of having Sherlock's mouth around his cock, his tongue twirling around the tip. Holding the back of the chair with his hands, he let the detective move as he pleased.
, they said, "John nodded, remembering those same words in Mycroft's mouth. “But they were not. It was true she was different from the beginning, but he realized something was wrong with her. This is why he watched Victor, Sherlock, and Eurus closely, fearing something would happen. I’m not blaming Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, but… they should have watched her closely. Thought who would have thought... " he sighed.
"You wish it were my cock, huh?"
"Yeah."
The two couples kissed under the claps, shouts, whistles, and "oooooohs" from the crowd.
The girl frowned and threw herself after Sherlock, who, feigning panic and crying out for help, ran out of the room.
“No, no, no, what did you say? The exact words?”
A car entered in the courtyard and two men pushed Mycroft towards it, who turned to look at Sherlock, despair, sadness and impotence filling his eyes.
Sherlock groaned in pain, slowly regaining consciousness. He opened his eyes. Everything was blurred and the yellowish light didn’t help to focus his gaze. He tried to massage his head but he couldn’t.
John complied, hitting his prostate with fast and deeper thrusts, as Sherlock wailed, the sounds coming from within him turning into high-pitched whines. Sherlock tried to reach his cock between them, but John pinned his arm again to the bookshelf.
"He wants to invite over five hundred people, and we want something intimate. When he gets married, he can invite whoever he wants, but let him leave us alone," protested the detective.
“Hey!” shouted Sherlock.
Both chuckled.
"Stop comparing me to a carnival magician!" roared Strange "this is very serious!"
The detective waited until he heard the footsteps going back to the interior of the apartment. Then he ran his gloved hands through the door, studying it. Satisfied, he moved backward and threw himself against the door, which opened violently, slamming the wall.
When they began to sing, the girl, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson started advancing towards the doctor, their steps to the music's rhythm. When they passed in front of Irene, she threw a kiss to Molly, who wrinkled his nose in a tender gesture. John couldn't help smiling at the song lyrics, so accurate for Sherlock and he:
"And?"
"You have to drink."
“Deduce it,” answered the doctor between kisses, making Sherlock shiver.
She nodded. She was at the door, keeping her distance, leaving room for the girl and John. The doctor stepped away from the girl and looked at her up and down.
"He didn't leave anything for me?
"And it led directly to Ross?" Sherlock asked.
"You will need time, physiotherapy, and rehabilitation," he said, helping John to wear a sling after examining his shoulder, dressing his wounds, and applying ointment to bruises. John could not hide a grimace of annoyance. He hated the sling, the idea of going through months of rehabilitation again, like when he was shot. Only been able to use one arm, depending on others for many tasks...
Mycroft closed his eyes. Greg's purr, his breath in his ear and his neck, his eyes devouring him, his authority, were driving him mad, unable to spin two thoughts in a row.
"Don't worry; he won't go unnoticed. He's one of the best men. Are you ready?"
“That was funny,” he giggled and kissed Sherlock’s nose.
He didn’t tell John the truth. He didn’t delete it. He couldn’t, in spite of all his efforts. Not even with drugs. So he decided to bury it, as deep as he could.
He looked at the doors of John’s wing. He bit his upper lip and lowered his head, drowning out a sob. Maybe today they will get closed forever.
"We haven't come this far to turn now. If there's a chance, however small and remote, that Mike is alive, we're in it." Decided John in a tone that, the detective knew well, meant that nothing could change his mind
"You two should talk from time to time about how you feel, especially after something like that. Only you both can break this vicious circle you've got yourselves into, as I told Sherlock yesterday. You have to do something to broke it, or you are going to lose the rest of your life like this. And that will not have been worth it at all".
John’s hands moved to Sherlock’s chest, gently rubbing the palms of his hands over the nipples in a circular motion. Sherlock moaned and dropped the essay tube. The liquid spilled on the table, and the detective grabbed the edge of the table, biting his lower lip and threw his head back slightly.
“Look, Anthea. I have to talk to Doctor Watson, it's…”
*****
John nodded and closed his eyes, opening and closing his hands nervously, stretching his body. He swallowed as the detective tied his other hand up, while his cock hardened a bit more, adding to the tingle he felt in his balls.
Lestrade gulped and nodded, quickly disappearing down the stairs. Sherlock kept climbing upstairs and peeked into the main hall. Clear and silent. His uneasiness grew. He looked around and crossed over to the door leading to the back yard running faster down the corridor. He pushed hard on the barred door leading to the courtyard in the middle of which he saw his brother standing with his back to him.
"Can Merlin sleep with me in the bed?"
Sherlock's mother, who was walking towards them on her husband's arm, pursed her lips in a tight line, while Sherlock's father bit his lips, trying not to laugh and looked adoringly at his granddaughter.
“Are…” John gulped for air “Are you okay?”
Mycroft lowered his head, ashamed.
"So, you had a house on the beach, and you didn't tell me anything?" John asked, pretending to be angry
He knelt in front of John, unbuttoned his trousers, and drew the doctor's cock with his tongue through the fabric of his pants, making it throb under his rubbing, while John emitted soft moans.
"Not a chance," objected the detective, "Hold on to me; I'll get us both up."
"No".
“John” moaned Sherlock again, until he felt John’s lubed index finger circling his entrance, gently rubbing it before pushing in, John kissing Sherlock as his finger went deeper. Then he slid inside another one and the detective moaned against their kiss.
"The Avengers can be proud to have you. You're a precious member of the group. And Stark is very proud of you and admires you, though he will never tell you that."
"No, it was his parents who decided it. After what happened to Victor, the poor boy was oblivious to everything."
Mycroft inhaled deeply, impressed by Lestrade's words, realizing he was right.
"But it's an invasion of their privacy," Donovan replied.
"Here you are," said the woman, handing it to him.
"This is the last response I expected to hear from someone stabbed two months ago," the DI achieved to say between coughs and both giggled.
It was love at first sight. Everett met Strange by chance at Avengers headquarters when he was, as usual, arguing with Stark. The two of them reminded him of those two old men in the Muppet's box, engaged in an endless discussion but at the same time happy to be fighting each other. It was evident that, although they both wanted to keep it a secret, they were a couple. That's why Everett decided to plunge his feelings into the deepest corner of his heart. There was no point in hoping.
"Yes, you do. You look for the dealer because you can't stand not being with John".
“Then knuckle down on it.” Donovan's smile turned cold. ”Find me something that will lead us to the culprit and you will have your prize.“ She purred.
"I will stop by first to see a friend," Molly said in a neutral tone. "Let's go to 221 Baker Street".
The doctor settled down on Sherlock's chest, and soon both fell asleep, exhausted, sated, and, most of all, loved.
"Really?" Luke was amazed. "What did you do?"
John chucked. Yesterday’s
“And when you came back, why didn't you work as a doctor?”
John pressed his lips against the nipple, and Sherlock squeaked, quivering under his lips, and when Greg rubbed two fingers on his left nipple, Sherlock moaned obscenely, wriggling his body to try to avoid the contact.
"Where are we?" he asked.
When John's gaze fell on Sherlock's parents, he felt a twinge of sadness. But he forced himself to keep smiling. He knew it all along, long before he sent out the wedding invitation.
"Captain," panted Sherlock, taking John's cock from his mouth for a moment, "please…"
"Yes, nobody knows how it got on the Internet, nor who edits it, because it's edited, but it's great" she looked at them, amazed "Haven't you watched it? That's what all of London is doing at this hour! Oops, now!"
"They should have warned me."
“If only were my ribs…” chuckled Sherlock “I should write in your blog about how goddamn amazing is sex with you”.
"And you're watching him lie down for an hour?"
"Don't worry, love; we still have the dungeon."
“And now?”
“We’ll go with you” Lestrade suggested. ”It would be good to see the crime scene before Anderson destroys it with his shoes.”
The Sorcerer Supreme shrugged, smirking.
But on the fourth day of being in the same square stopping drivers and asking them where they were going and if it was justified when Donovan repeated it, Lestrade realized she was right.
Mycroft lowered his head and breathed in sharply as if he needed encouragement to answer. He stared as this wet hand with a mixture of surprise and desolation.
“Her names Mindy. I met her a month or so ago. On the tube.”
“Ghh, Sherlock-!” The mouth around him pauses for a moment but he hardly notices, feeling completely drunk and tired and content. He does notice when the heat leaves him however, and the sudden blast of cold on his groin startles him out of his sleepy descent into unconsciousness. He looks down and sees Mindy standing up in front of him, looking out of place and deeply uncomfortable. John does some quick thinking and comes to the conclusion that she must be waiting for some form of reciprocation. He did finish embarrassingly fast after all.
but he knows John is just as bad and hates them just as much, so as his last friendly deed he will do this and make it easy on John. Let him know he is valid for wanting to get as far away from Sherlock as possible. If Sherlock could run away from himself he would too. “I will of course help in any way you need, if you want my help that is. And I will make sure Mycroft is at your disposal as well, should you need him.”
“We’ll keep that in mind though we would prefer for you to stay hospitalized during the first couple weeks of recovery. It will help us monitor your vitals and caloric intake more easily along with seeing how well your body heals.” Dr. Richards looked down at his chart and flipped through the pages casually. “As for the actual extent of your injuries, you were quite lucky. You’re friends managed to get you here within less then three hours of the burns taking place which helped prevent further scarring or tissue damage, none of your cuts or nails have gotten infected yet, though there’s still plenty of time for that so we’ll need to keep an eye on it. The surgery to excise the necrotic tissue near your burns went smoothly as well. I expect that if we continue to treat your wounds carefully and you don’t push yourself to hard the recovery process will go very well.”
“Look John, I know you haven’t been yourself since…” She goes quiet, clearly not quite knowing how to phrase it. John is too busy floundering himself to help her out. “I know that.” She repeats decisively. “I’ve been trying to make this as easy as possible on you because I care about you, John. I really do. But I can’t do this. I can’t hire you and deal with your flippancy about office hours again. I thought…” She hesitates, not seeming sure if she should continue but Sarah has never been anything other than brutally honest. It’s one of the things John has always respected about her and he can’t bring himself to resent it now. “I thought that now with Sherlock gone you would be a better employee. I figured he was the thing distracting you from coming in. But if you’re going to make a habit of being a no-show, let me know now so I can find someone else for your job.” Johns stomach sinks. He feels nauseas and tired and he still has that bloody headache. Everything seems like its moving so fast and John can barely keep up but he has to do
He hadn’t realized quite how much he had missed Baker Street until he was finally standing back in it. It smelled of Mrs. Hudsons lilac detergent and chemicals and that soft earthy scent of
“John!” Ella called for him again but by that point he was already walking out the door.
“I think this is just what you need John. Someone new to take you out of your head. A distraction can be very helpful in times like these.”
His eyes found their way to John’s who was already staring back, the blue eyes held a soldiers determination, still testing the ropes that held him, and the weight of his gaze held nothing but faith that Sherlock would pass whatever kind of test this was with flying colours, but also promised death to anyone in the room not on their side.
“When will I be able to check out of here?” he was hoping it would be soon, he hated hospitals and was already missing the familiar comfort of Baker Street but going by the look on John’s face he knew he wouldn’t be getting his wish.
God, he was such a clog. How many times had he vehemently denied him and Sherlock being anything more than mates? It was so embarrassing now. He must have looked like a right prick. He
times. Open, close, open, close, open, close. He did this over and over and he didn’t know why he even bothered because it never bloody helped and his hand was
She’s a bloody
“Oh! Wait!” The consulting criminal ordered, his voice was loud and it echoed off of the warehouse walls. “I almost forgot. You do have another option, though I doubt you’ll find it any more appealing than this one.” Sherlock really couldn’t think of anything that could be worse than what he was about to do.
He gets trapped like that, glued to the spot and only able to berate himself for not doing better for not being better for not being a better man but that in itself is unproductive and makes him even angrier at himself.
His days in the hospital were monotonous and boring. Nurses came in and changed his bandages and checked on his wounds to make sure no infection was occurring and he was forced to eat three square meals a day and snacks. It was torturous and though he was far from religious he found himself praying to return to Baker Street.
“So- sorry.” He pants out, still feeling the exertion from his orgasm. “Want me to return the favour?” He starts smirking before he realizes that Mindy isn’t. In fact, she is frowning and looking thoroughly miserable.
. Taking a big breath and shutting his eyes in mortification he answers the phone.
“Thank you. I look forward to it.”
Maybe.
It had felt incredibly odd to hear Sherlock act nice and at the time it had filled John up with a grateful fondness but apparently the flattery had rubbed Harry up the opposite way.
Updownupdownupdown.
“Don’t worry about Moriarty getting anywhere near your flat either. Sally and a team of officers are already over there keeping watch over the place in case he decides to pop by for a visit.” Lestrade reassured them, though Sherlock merely scoffed.
“Because it was made for me. It was my fault we were there in the first place, so it was only right I took the punishment made for me. You lot were just for decoration to Moriarty. Just pawns to use against me. None of that was intended for you.” Sherlock watched his answer absorb into Lestrade’s brain. The older man seemed a bit startled by the answer and shook his head again, though one of disagreement instead of guilt. Sherlock liked that much more. Anything was better than seeing Lestrade feeling guilty over something Sherlock himself had done wrong.
Eventually he begins to get unstuck. He hadn’t had the mental capacity to put himself back in his pants earlier and his now limp penis has caught a bit of a chill. His legs are sore and stiff as he moves and although he knows it will only make the guilt in him grow and fizzle he directs himself toward the room on the main floor. He falls into the bed and the faint, rapidly fading scent of Sherlock wafts up from the sheets and infuses him with such overwhelming sadness and comfort that before he knows it his chest is heaving with sobs and his ribcage hurts from gasping for air. He is positively wailing. Never before has John Watson felt so not-himself, so out of place in his own skin. He feels like he isn’t even John Watson anymore. He had thought at times that it felt like he had a parasite in his brain, something that had just latched on and drained him of life but now he knew the truth. Now he knew that he didn’t have some make-believe parasite, he
“Your brother said a car will be here in a half hour so you can officially stop terrorizing the nurses.”
“No problem,” John assured him as he pressed a little button next to the bed which was apparently used to summon a nurse because in less than a minute a short, wiry nurse with hair that would have looked right at home on an emo’s MySpace account in 2004 popped through the door.
John was in love with him, the bastard. John had been head over arse in love with Sherlock from day one.
“Your git of a brother is sending someone to get that thing out of here.” He gestures towards the ornate display of flowers as if it is some grotesque deformity. “You okay?” His face which had been set in a venomous frown just moments ago was now smoothed out and gentle as he regarded Sherlock. Sherlock nearly felt himself blush at the sudden attentiveness.
“How long do I have?” Moriarty’s face practically lit up at the answer.
“Anyhow,” Greg continues on, “He was using all the time then. The whole first year we knew each other I don't think I saw him sober
This one had been a strange mix of Afghanistan and Sherlock mixed together and it had done a wondrous job of knocking the breath right out of John.
Mindy lifts her head from the ground looks him right in the eye.
They hadn’t taken two steps into the flat before they collided together and Mindy pressed him up against the door. Her hands were exploring him, grazing over his chest and thighs and groin, dipping under his clothes and through his hair.
The next few days after he went out with Greg, John feels good. He feels like breathing has suddenly become a little easier. For the first time in months he feels hopeful. He feels like he’s slowly getting his life back together.
. The most awkward he had ever seen the man was when they had started a case for his old University mate Sebastian, and he used the term ‘mate’ lightly.
And Sherlock himself? He was shivering a bit from the blood cooling on his skin and his cuts stung but he was fine. Completely fine. He’d had far worse injuries than this; it wasn’t anything he couldn’t handle.
” she sounded so relieved that John felt himself become more relaxed by default. “
“How do you know the papers weren't telling the truth?” John obviously knows everything in the papers was complete horse shit, but few others believed it. There were others, don’t get him wrong, The majority of them being people who had met Sherlock personally, people he had helped, but others – the people who hadn’t met him, who had never seen how he was, they rarely believed any different from what the news told them.
Each breath burned his lungs and throat, the air was bitingly cold and felt like it was cutting his insides with every breath. The street he was on didn’t look familiar but he knew he had been there before. As the big building in front of him started to come into focus he understood why he knew he had been there before, in fact he had been there hundreds of times before. It was Bart’s hospital, though it looked different than usual. It looked older. The stones were cracked and the windows were broken, the building itself looked so sad, almost like it was dying. As he grew nearer he realized there was something lying in front of the building unmoving. He started to run faster; this was the thing he was searching for, he knew it! His heart dropped into his stomach when he recognized the long Belstaff and blue scarf the man on the ground was wearing. There was blood everywhere and although he had never been squeamish with that type of thing (he was an army doctor; he didn’t have time for squeamishness) he could feel bile rising in his throat and his skin crawling. He tried to get closer to the man he was now sure was Sherlock but his feet wouldn’t move. It felt as if there were some invisible force there with him holding on tight to the doctor’s legs and refusing to let him move.
John opens his mouth to speak but really doesn’t know what to say, so instead of speaking he fills his mouth with the dregs of his beer and stares at the dirty bar top.
“Sherlock, just think about it a minute,” Lestrade was looking at him carefully and speaking with the same cautiousness you would use to get a murderer to put his weapon down or to talk to a skittish animal so as not to frighten it. “You have options. Let’s all just talk this through a minute.”
“Unbelievable.” John says the word softly, sounding in disbelief himself even though suddenly everything makes more sense then ever. He had known having a young girl chat him up like that was unrealistic. His father had always told him if something seemed too good to be true, that’s often because it
The day that Sherlock finally get’s his morphine turned down and his brain comes fully back in order is the day the delivery arrives.
“Oh, please.” Mindy huffs looking ruffled just at the thought. “Like I said, my brother really was a big fan, he read all the papers and news articles. He would read them to the rest of us sometimes, he got so excited, so I’ve heard the stories. I don’t know much about detective work or what it takes to be a genius secret criminal but I heard the stories and the things he did and I don’t believe any one man would be able to fake all that.” She smiles slightly, remembering something. “Actually, now that I think on it, I remember reading your name in the news articles. Gosh you must think I’m so daft to not have put that one together!” He smiles a bit more, latching on to the slowly lightening mood.
“Don’t worry. He just went to grab some coffee. Should be back any minute now. He’s been worried sick, Sherlock. We all have…” Lestrade’s words took on a sad tinge and he lowered his head. If Sherlock didn’t know any better he’d say he looked nearly shameful. Which is odd as Sherlock is the only one in this situation who should be feeling anything relating to shame or embarrassment.
The detective rolled his eyes at the endearment and with a quick tug he dragged the blade across his forearm, carving a two-inch gash that immediately began spilling hot blood. It stung at first, than it changed to a dull burn. Nothing he couldn’t handle. He ignored the increasingly desperate sounds coming from John and the gasps he assumed belonged to Sally and Anderson and continued cutting.
“Oh, uh, I’d think around seven?” That was later than John was used to going out but he figured the change of pace could be good for him. Ella would probably be proud. That thought alone nearly made him decline.
. Pull his hair until his eyes were watering and he was begging for John to let go. John wouldn’t. He would grip tighter, wouldn’t be able to resist making Sherlock whimper. He’d replace his thumb with three fingers, than four. He’d make Sherlock suck and lick them until they were dripping wet and coated in his hot spit. John wouldn’t hold back after that. He push himself against Sherlock’s lips, coating them in his come, claiming those lips as
“Mycroft, why the bloody fuck is a bouquet from Jim Moriarty sitting in Sherlock’s hospital room?” He goes quiet, presumably listening to whatever Mycroft has to say in defense. John scoffs. “Yes. It was delivered just now by one of the nurses.” Pause. “Yes, I’m bloody sure it was from him Mycroft! He left a bloody note!” A shorter pause this time, followed by Johns clipped tone. “Apparently your security isn’t as good as you think it is, then.” More silence. “Fine. Just get it out of here quick will you?” John demands before hanging up and tossing his abused phone aside. Sherlock is slightly surprised at the brusqueness John is currently showing towards Mycroft. John has never been scared of his older brother and he makes no moves to act otherwise but he is always polite with the older man. Always courteous. Though just now John was far from courteous. He sounded, quite frankly, pissed off.
“Met someone? Who?”
“Oh! The detective! My younger brother read about him in the papers all the time. He loved his funny hat…”
“How have you been?” Ella spoke, trying to get him to share with her. Share his emotions, his thoughts, his feelings. The problem was that John didn’t have any to share.
He took another swig of whiskey and delighted in the burning sensation it made as it slid down his throat. The flat was completely silent and it was slowly driving him mad. He had tried watching some stupid show on the telly but that idea had been immediately shot down when he couldn’t stop imagining Sherlock’s commentary on everything. He always acted annoyed with his flatmate whenever he would deduce the ending of the movie or which character was next to die in Game of Thrones but really he had always found it overwhelmingly endearing. He wished he had told him that. He wished he had told him how much he loved listening to him prattle on about how the show had gotten which details wrong. He wished he had told him how much he adored listening to him play the violin.
A heavy lump formed in his throat so he took another, longer sip of his drink to get rid of it.
All in all it was boring and by the time two weeks of his earlier agreed upon three week stay in hospital were up he was ready to tear his hair out.
of October and grimaced slightly at the memory.
It had all been a false alarm anyway. Sherlock hadn’t been shot, he’d just been bored, though if you told that comparison to the man himself John was sure he would argue vehemently that both things were practically the same. In fact being bored would probably be far worse.
“Of course. I’ll bring the doctor back with me too. He has a lot he wants to discuss with you Mr. Holmes,” he didn’t add anything else as he left the room. The small space seemed to ring with silence as none of the three men seemed to know what to say. Eventually Sherlock decided the awkwardness was too much and broke the silence himself.
John’s hand was moving at lightening speed now
that vest off John had been everything he had never known he’d wanted. Sherlock had looked at him then as something precious, something worth protecting and John had never had anyone look at him like that. That was the moment when all his doubts about Sherlock’s emotional capabilities had faded. They had to, because no sociopath, no matter how deceptive and talented, could ever fake what he’d seen on Sherlock’s face that day.
The first one was from Greg asking him round for a drink and company to watch the latest footie game at his place this upcoming Saturday.
Today he didn’t.
Probably not. John had never believed himself a saint and figured his double digit body count wouldn’t do him any favours with the big guy. He didn’t know about Sherlock, but he would probably hate Heaven anyway. He would probably say it was boring.
Before Sherlock left, John would have denied that the two of them had shared anything other than a strong platonic bond, though now he knew better. Before he felt ashamed of what being in a romantic relationship with another man would say about him but now he knew that his relationship with Sherlock was the best thing that had ever happened to him. They hadn’t been romantic, but they could have been. Should have been. Everyone else around them had seen how perfect they would have been, except for them. John couldn’t go back and change those things but he could hold his head high now and finally show his real feelings for once in his life.
wank) while fantasizing about his best friend. Who was dead. Jesus.
a right prick. Though he supposed one of the reasons he had always insisted him and Sherlock weren’t a thing was because he found the very notion completely unbelievable. Not on his end, obviously, but rather on Sherlock’s end. Sherlock was brilliant. Gorgeous, passionate, funny, even charming when he wanted to be. Sherlock was like a hurricane, a true force to be reckoned with and what was John? A washed up old vet with nothing but a crummy bedsit, a psychosomatic limp, a raging case of PTSD and an estranged sister he never spoke to. John hadn’t stood a chance and he wasn’t delusional enough to think otherwise. John had always been amazed that Sherlock had even bothered to look at him. He found that even while they were living together, working together he was always waiting for Sherlock to grow bored of him. To finally get tired of the old, broken army doctor and move on. Maybe find a new flatmate. Someone younger, prettier, more interesting. Less damaged. This had never happened of course and now he supposed he would never find out if it would have. John still didn’t know if this was a blessing or a curse.
“Let’s start by having you undo my trousers.” Behind him he heard John practically growl along with a scoff from Lestrade though he was momentarily less concerned with their reactions and more concerned with how he was going to get the trouser button undone with his ruined fingers. Hesitantly, he raised them planning to just figure it out as he went but he was suddenly halted by Moriarty’s raised hand, grabbing the detective’s attention. Jim clucked disapprovingly at the young brunette on his knees in front of him. “I didn’t tell you to use your hands, daddy would be positively cross if you got any of that delicious blood of yours on his suit. Use your mouth.” Sherlocks jaw clenched involuntarily. He hated this. Hated that Moriarty had the nerve to do this to him and hated that he had allowed himself to be put in such a vulnerable position, but looking over at his friends who were currently strapped to chairs with at least four sniper rifles ready to end their lives he knew he didn’t have much of a choice in the matter. Without raising any fuss – not that he had the energy to do that anyways, he suddenly felt very tired and sluggish – he brought his mouth to the front of Jims trousers and began maneuvering the button through the small loop with his tongue and teeth, all the while trying to ignore the feel of Moriarty’s quickly expanding groin. It was slow work what with his body heavy and uncooperative and his head feeling dizzier by the second, though after around three and a half minutes he finally managed to unclasp the button and pull the zipper down with his teeth. He gagged as his lips brushed against a wet patch on the front of Jims black pants but tried to reign it in before his utter repulsion became to obvious. The last thing he needed was Moriarty to get offended and decide to shoot John out of spite.
him, and why is she so insistent on him ‘moving on’ in the first place? It’s barely been two months since he watched his best friend
. He just wanted things to go back to when they used to make some modicum of sense. Back to the days where his best friend wasn’t sleeping eternally six feet underground and where pretty young girls weren’t blood thirsty reporters.
“You have a tendency towards self-sabotage. Did you know that?” Ella’s voice was calm and lined with the total certainty of someone who had full confidence in what they were saying. She spoke as if she had John completely figured out. John felt himself clench his teeth at that thought. There was only one person who had ever really known John, and it certainly wasn’t her.
“Sherlock, please, just. Look up at me.” Sherlock hated John Watson. Hated that he could never refuse him anything. He hated that he was being forced to lift his face and look John in his eyes, which were currently red and glossy. The closest he had seen John come to actual tears since their friendship had begun.
His mind circled back to the dream that had started this amazing event in the first place. That voice.
At some point they leave the restaurant and relocate to the nearby park. As they’re leaving they have a small tiff about who’s going to pay, both of them insisting on being the one to do it. John does eventually win though, saying that since he was a late arse he may as well foot the bill. She smiles and gives in, making a joke about how she’ll be sure to arrive late next time so he can’t argue. It’s getting later now, the sun just beginning to dip in the sky and John is on an anecdote about Sherlock’s odd habits.
He picks it up and takes it with him, along with a small wooden box from his end table and takes it to Sherlock’s room. He sits down on the bed and lays everything out before him. The gun, and later all its pieces, in a neat line and all the cleaning supplies and oils he uses on it. He goes slow, softly scrubbing and wiping, caressing the cold metal as he cleans it. It feels familiar and therapeutic and John feels himself unwinding, slowly but surely. He had done this everyday when he had been fresh out of the army. He would sit in that God-awful bedsit with only the grey walls and his gun as company. John had thought that had been the end for him; the end of the road. He had been oh-so-pleasantly surprised when that hadn’t been true. Somehow his drab grey life had been brought back to violent technicolor, all because of one man. John had thought that would be it. He’d live out the rest of his life in Baker Street with Sherlock going on cases and adventures until their old age. Now that was all gone. Crashed and burnt. Now John was right back where he started. He almost wishes he had just ended it at the bedsit. Finished himself off early. The he wouldn’t know
“Don’t.” In most contexts this word would sound harsh, like it rightly should in the current scenario, but there is no malice in Mindy’s voice. “You don’t have to say anything, John. I-I understand now I think, and it’s okay. Really. But, I think it would be best for us both if I left now.” John can do nothing but stare and eventually nod in agreement. How can he argue with something so logical right now? It’s more than he deserves in any case. John is sure that if this same situation had played out with any of his past girlfriends he would have been getting a hell of a lot worse of a reaction.
Greg seemed to take a moment. John looked up and saw the DI staring into his glass with a furrowed brow and tight frown.
John’s first day is a blur. Between the fuzz of the hangover and the over-flow of emotions this morning, John is on autopilot. He spends the day sitting behind the familiar desk, in the familiar office talking to the same familiar patients that always frequented the clinic. He listened to complaints, did check ups and wrote prescriptions. At lunch he walked over to the small bakery a block away and got an assortment of cakes and coffees for the receptionists. They are far more friendly to him for the rest of the day and smile at him when he leaves for home.
“I’ll bet, sicko.” Andersons voice was still shaky, though Sherlock was surprised he would bother speaking at all. Not that anyone paid much attention to the statement however. Moriarty acted as if he hadn’t heard it at all, focusing all this attention on Sherlock now. John had been the only one not to say anything this time, and that filled Sherlock with a whole new kind of fear. What could be going through the army soldiers mind? Was he angry? Disappointed? Disgusted? And did he feel that way towards Moriarty or Sherlock himself? He wouldn’t be surprised if John hated him when this was all said and done. He was about to sleep with the enemy, so-to-speak, and he was the reason John and everyone were here in the first place. This was really his fault in the end. He shouldn’t have underestimated Moriarty’s obsession with him. He should have seen this coming.
“Ah-ah darling, wouldn’t want to do anything violent now, would we? I doubt it would bode very well for your friends here.” Sherlock reluctantly relaxed his coiled fist and let a heavy breath out through his nose, as his mouth was still gagged. “There we go, good boy!” He pet Sherlock’s head softly before kneading his fingers back through the locks and forcing him to look back up at all of his friends faces.
“Hey, you don’t have to do that. Put up a front like that. It was a stupid question, anyways. Of course you’re not okay. If you were you wouldn’t be here in the first place.” Sherlock finds himself shaking his head.
“Yeah, would do if he wasn’t ignoring my calls.” John felt a sick sort of glee that at least he wasn’t the only one being ignored. “John, do you have any idea how worried I’ve been? I’ve been expecting some ruddy fucking stranger to call the Yard and report a gunshot in Baker Street or a blonde army doctor floating in the Thames.” John felt guilty. He’d be lying if he said Greg was over-exaggerating. John had been spending an awful lot of quality time with his Browning as of late and he knew the DI’s concern wasn’t unfounded.
“Yeah he was. Especially then. I think Gregson saw something in him from the beginning. She was always one hell of a judge of character. I thought he was nothing but some stupid junkie kid who was wasting his life away.”
“I know that you likely don’t wish to be anywhere near me any longer, after seeing how… repulsive, I can be.”
“No moving now,” he winked. “You wouldn’t want my snipers to get the wrong idea and get trigger happy now would you?” He slowly slipped his cold hands under the detective’s now ruined shirt and slid it down his arms with the careful attentiveness of a lover, making him shiver both from the chill and the disgust at how intimate the gesture felt. His disgust only seemed to delight the consulting criminal as he stepped back and gave Sherlock a long lecherous look.
He missed the music Sherlock used to make, missed the flat being flooded with Beethoven and Bach and sometimes even Sherlock’s own compositions. He wished he could tell him all of that now. Wished he could tell him how much he would give (everything) just to hear him play one more time. Just to see him pacing around the flat complaining about boredom even though he had just solved a case.
John yanked his phone off the arm of the chair where he left it and was surprised to see it wasn’t Mindy who was calling him but Greg. He felt himself relax even further when he looked at the time and found it was only quarter to four. He had only slept for around a half hour than. Thank god. Ignoring the call from Greg for now he ran up to his bedroom got dressed in more suitable clothing in record time and grabbed his phone and wallet before shooting out the door and hailing a cab. He had been planning to take a tube to save money but he no longer had the time for that. He impatiently snapped the address Mindy had given him to the cabbie and tried not to feel like a complete arsehole as they sped of.
“You were dealt a completely crap situation and went through all that shit to protect us, and I’m sorry. I’m sorry you went through that and I’m sorry I didn’t do anything to help you. I should have done more, done
“Good is an improvement. Have you attempted to get out of the flat since we last met, like we discussed?”
“So, we’ve got the mystery solved but now we have a thirteen year old girl about to go down for murdering her father. You know how Sherlock is. He always needs to be right about bloody everything. Always have the last word and all that. I think for sure he’s going to go right to Gregson and show off but instead he thanks the girl for being honest and gives her his number. Says she can call it if she needs too and not to tell anyone else what she told him. Then he walks right out of the house and drags me back to the Yard. We’re about to walk into Gregson’s office and he turns to me and tells me not to say anything, to just follow his lead. I don’t know why I listened to the bastard but for some reason I kept my mouth shut as he told Gregson he had made no progress in the case and didn’t think he’d be able to solve it. All of a sudden this bloody peacock of a man who can never seem to resist proving how superior and intelligent he is lies and pretends to be clueless.”
“I made the choices John! I didn’t have to do anything. I had other choices I could have made and I didn't!”
He went straight up the steps to the flat and didn’t stop until he reached his chair and plopped down with a soft
Life After Death is not abandoned but currently in a slow-paced re-writing process.
“I don’t think I’m really in a place for starting a new relationship. I just don’t see it working out.” Ella didn’t respond and seemed to process this for a moment, looking at John as if she was solving a puzzle. It reminded him vaguely of how Sherlock used to stare at him, like he was some great problem that needed figuring out. It was different now though. John had never minded when Sherlock looked at him like that, though he knew other people tended to find it rather uncomfortable. When Sherlock stared at him he felt like he was worth something. Like there was something in him worth taking a better look at. How Ella was staring at him now felt entirely different. It made him feel like something was wrong with him, a broken cog or a loose screw somewhere in the machinery and Ella was just trying to find where exactly it was broken and how to go about fixing him. Her stare made him feel defective.
if it’s true or not.” Mindy sits back in her chair and smiles at him again. Her face is still flushed and she still looks a bit shy and nervous but she seems more confident now.
until it just
His phone chose this moment to go off loudly, demanding his attention and making him startle in his chair. The sound also made his head give a twinge and he was painfully reminded of the hangover he was sure to have.
“Yeah, well busy or no give me a call every once in a bit, will you? Or at the very least shoot off a text. Just to save me some piece of mind.” John felt an inkling of guilt well up in his stomach. He truthfully hadn’t meant to worry Lestrade. No matter how sore he still was over Lestrade’s role in Sherlock’s… final day, he knew the DI was heart broken over what had happened. Both of them had lost a friend that day and he also knew they were both having trouble dealing with it, in their own ways.
Could he?
“I better be going I think. I should really be checking up on Anderson and Donovan and I’m sure the two of you could use some time alone.” Sherlocks insides froze. What did he mean by that? Why would they need time alone? Maybe John had told Greg earlier about his plans to move out and after that awful display Sherlock just made the DI figured John wanted to get it out as soon as possible.
Sherlock’s grip tightened around the handle of the knife as he filed away all this information. His eyes widened and flickered over to Anderson who looked paler than some of the corpses Sherlock had seen and seemed to be on the verge of fainting. In the background he vaguely registered John thrashing around again, yelling through his gag and rocking his chair, the soldier in him trying to get control of the situation and the doctor in him trying to stop what he knew was about to happen. A couple of cuts wouldn’t be too bad, a bit painful sure, but nothing Sherlock hadn’t dealt with before. Although he had a feeling the game was only going to get worse as it went on.
The sound of a zip being undone would echo through the room and his moans would be joined, deeper ragged groans heavy with arousal.
“Now, just so you know, it actually took me a considerable amount of time to work out what I wanted this last round to be. It is after all based around your favourite pet so it had to be considerably rougher than the past rounds,” Moriarty cryptically explained as he walked behind Anderson, Sally and Lestrade just to stop at John and put his hands on his rigid shoulders, giving the soldier a tight squeeze. “But not just that, I also wanted it to be more meaningful, too show Dr. Watson here just how much you care,” he spat the last word as if it were a curse. “So I tried to come up with something that you cared about more than the good doctor,” Sherlock was having a hard time focusing on his words now which seemed to be slurring together, “And then the answer hit me. Quite obvious really, you clearly don’t have much concern for your life! That much is obvious! Your tolerance for pain is rather impressively high as well so you wouldn’t even hesitate to put yourself through the wringer for good ol’ John, but I know something you do care about. Something you use daily, something you need to easily accomplish anything!” he lowered his head a tad to look as if he were whispering into Johns ear though he said it loudly enough everyone in the room could hear, “Figure it out yet?” he stood up abruptly and let a wide grin slither onto his face, it showed far too many teeth and for some reason that detail in particular unnerved Sherlock. “Your eyes!” Sherlock felt his stomach drop as he realized what it was he was expected to do with the razor and for the first time since he had been kidnapped he felt true terror flush through him. “SO! Here are your options Sherlock dear! You wither scratch your gorgeous little eyes out with that razor blade or you give the razor to my helper over there,” he pointed to thug one, “and he takes Dr. Watsons eyes instead! What’ll it be?” In his chair John was thrashing and making as much noise as he could with the gag still firmly planted in his mouth. His eyes were desperately searching Sherlocks as if he were trying to communicate whatever he wanted to say through eye contact alone. “Here, I’ll let you phone a friend.” Moriarty said amicably as he slipped Johns gag off and behind him Sherlock felt someone (most likely thug two) take his own gag out. John spoke before Sherlock even had a chance to take a proper breath.
No! This can't be happening! No!
During the time we were away, the street filled with nosy busy-bodies and neighbours. I noticed that Rosalie and Marie were among them, grimly observing the house of the tragedy with the others. The ominous police van stood higher up the street. Its black wagon adorned with tiny barred windows waited patiently for the arrival of the fresh prisoner, disturbing atmosphere of something fatal keenly perceptible in its stillness.
My curiosity reached its peak with that bold claim. Yet at that moment our cab stopped abruptly and I glimpsed the familiar façade of the bistro out of its window. The young man dressed in the leather apron worked in front of the shop, unloading the crates full of meat from his cart parked by the house-gate.
He wanted to break free again, but John held him fast and spoke quickly: “You don't believe me… It's my fault, I know. You went through a lot because of me the last year. I felt monumentally stupid after that Culverton Smith affaire. But you have forgiven me for that… You even overlook that unjust beating in a hospital…”
They kept up this newfound peace and somewhat domestic routine until around the fourth day they spent in hospital when John tried to broach the subject of Moriarty again. Up until this point they hadn’t discussed much more of what they had the first day. They tended to stay away from the topic of Moriarty all together and slowly Sherlock felt himself relax as John and him picked up this new routine of theirs. He no longer felt like John was just going to up and leave and he allowed himself to relax and just enjoy the time he was getting to spend with John. He still felt disgusted whenever he remembered the final round of Moriarty’s game, but he was getting better at hiding it away in his mind palace and not thinking about it. But of course that couldn’t last and one afternoon while they were both holed up in the now familiar hospital room John abruptly placed his book he had been reading on an end table and gave his full attention to Sherlock.
“Can I get another one of these?” He shakes his empty pint at the bartender and thanks him as he’s passed a fresh one, the thin layer of foam on top sloshing off the side. He takes a long drink and licks the tangy foam off his top lip.
“Was that really necessary?” Dr. Richards spared him another look of pity and it made Sherlock’s insides curl.
Thank you to everyone and anyone that left comments and/or kudos so far. Each comment made my day and inspired this chapter to be created.
“That’s not the point. The point is that friends - in times of crisis - are there to help each other through it. Work as a team of sorts, I guess, to help each other out. We do that so that one of us doesn’t end up in hospital while the others feel like right wankers for not doing anything about it.” Sherlock feels outraged. He never intended for either Lestrade nor John to feel negatively about their own actions.
“I’m so sorry, Mindy. I never meant to hurt you.”
“What did you want to say, John?” Her voice is perfectly calm and peaceful which makes his clipped off growl sound even more aggressive by comparison.
“Look who’s talking. Figures that the first thing to come out of your mouth would be an insult.” Sherlock felt the slight need to defend himself.
Sarah’s voice is tight and flustered and John can picture how over worked she must be. Sarah could barely find employees to fill the slots, much less have someone come in an emergency which means she’d had to take care of all the patients herself. John couldn’t believe how quickly he had managed to fuck everything in his life up so fast.
Jesus, that voice. John loved that voice. It was deep and gravelly without sounding like a bad Batman impression. That voice would sound sexy reading a train stop schedule.
He wasn’t entirely sure when it had happened but at some point John had drifted off. He woke up to the sound of his phone going off and as soon as the foggy haze of sleep had worn off he leapt up, his heart racing with panic.
She gave him an understanding smile and small wave; he noticed her hand was no longer shaky. “Yes, of course! Um, thanks for the number. I’ll call you later? Or text?”
“I can walk on my own,” he didn’t need to be coddled or walked around like an invalid. Sherlock was perfectly capable of moving himself around. Yet, despite all this John and Lestrade looked at him with a slight frown.
By the end of it both Harry and Sherlock were shouting insults at each other and John was ready to wring her neck. Which, of course had led to another one of their huge rows. He later found out she’d only been so crabby that night because she had recently relapsed and was having a downright awful time not showing it to John. That little bit of insight had come from Sherlock later on once they had gotten home. John hadn’t the energy left to even lash out at him for it.
Thank you for reading! If you got to the end and enjoyed please feel extremely free to leave a comment or kudos. I love to see how my writing is being received so feedback is like gold to me.
John hasn’t wanked off to Sherlock since the couch incident. He’d had the occasional, very brief, fantasy about his friend but he snuffed those out quick, not wanting to indulge. Tonight John doesn’t even think about it as he breathes in Sherlock and danger and
“That may be true Johnny Boy, but so is your gal pal Sherlock over there,” he smiled at Sherlock in a grotesquely fond way. Sherlock supposed that was true. Moriarty may have been the one that thought up the game but Sherlock was the one playing it, there’s no denying a person would have to be rather mentally deranged to do either. However Sherlock wasn’t mental enough not to know an obvious choice when he saw one. Giving his arch-enemy head was hardly the way that he wanted to be spending his time and his teeth began grinding together at the very thought of having to give the disgusting vile man any iota of pleasure and yet willingly making himself blind was far worse. Fellatio would be over in a half-hour at most where as going blind was permanent. “We’re really one in the same he and I. Maybe all this will help show him that.” Sherlocks jaw clenched. They may have similarities but he was not Moriarty. He would never allow himself to become like this.
They stay like that, seated next to each other and grasping each others hands for comfort until one of Mycroft’s minions pops up without a world and takes Moriarty’s gift away. After they leave John goes to move off the bed, back to the other side of the room but Sherlock suddenly feels a spike of panic. That’s too far away. He doesn’t want to be that far from John. Not so far that he can’t see all the different coloured specs of blue in his eyes or the way the sun hits his hair or where he can’t easily reach out and feel the texture of his ugly wool jumper. He reaches out when John is just barely off the bed and latches on to his jumper, making John look back at him in surprise.
To his surprise though John only gave him a fond if not exasperated smile. “With the kind of injuries you have its safer and more convenient to stay in hospital for the time being. I promise we’ll go home when it’s a bit safer but until then it’s better if you stay put.” Sherlock tried his best to look pouty though he swore he felt his heart take a physically leap when John called 221B home. In fact, he knows his heart sped up because he could hear it on the heart monitor. How embarrassing. He took a few deep breaths to try to calm it down before John or Lestrade noticed the irregularity.
“But vanilla, John! Vanilla!” His pale eyes piercing my ice-cone were full of disdain. “Is this what tough soldiers eat nowadays?”
I felt as if I was thrown into the British museum all of a sudden.
At the hour they previously both agreed on Rosalie came to the chimney, opened the wicket and listened closely until she heard the sound of the shot reverberating above. Her sole task was to pull the cord after that and to drag the revolver into the hole, to let it fall down, probably into some container littered with straw to cushion it upon impact. Taking care of the weapon that way, all she had to do now was to close the wicket once more and to wait for a suitable moment to dispose of the gun entirely.”
“Uh, well…” he hesitated slightly which seemed to send her into a small panic.
He took another drink and shook his head, partly because of the strong flavor and partly to shake the thoughts of his best friend out of his head. He needed to stop thinking about it; he needed a distraction. Out of habit John grabbed his laptop from where it rested on the coffee table and opened up his blog which had the exact opposite effect he had wanted it to have on him. He opened up the most recent blurb he had written which was from the 5
? Really Lestrade, this sedative isn’t strong enough to make me believe that,” he decided against informing Lestrade that he wasn’t worried and tried to hide the relief he felt to know that John was still in the hospital. He was surprised, but the more he though about it the more it made sense. John was an army Doctor. He healed people, he cared about them and their health. He would want to make sure Sherlock was healed and cared for before he left him.
Lestrade had been like a father figure to him in many ways. The Good Policeman teaching the Lost Junkie right from wrong and saving him from his own demons a few times along the way. Lestrade had seen Sherlock through some of his worst times. Through the shakes and vomiting and plethora of other nasty withdrawal symptoms. He had been rather shockingly accepting of it at the time. Not approving. No, never did Lestrade approve of the way Sherlock conducted himself at that time (and he was rather unafraid to remind Sherlock of this) but he at least accepted that was the way it was. Lestrade had been there through that and never turned his back on Sherlock then. Perhaps he would stick it out through this as well. Though Sherlock suspects watching some twenty year old you hardly know pump himself full of drugs and watching a man you’ve come to work with and have formed a friendship with mutilate himself and then get down on his knees to give his arch-nemesis a blow job may evoke two separate sets of emotional reactions. This particular set of emotions may not work out in Sherlock’s favour this time.
“I know you won’t want to see me anymore, but please just listen first.” She waits for him to object, to say something but John doesn’t know what to say anymore. He’s so tired and words never seem to do him justice.
It’s pathetic.
It would have been so easy. He would just reach forwards and
He got a surprising number of visitors. Greg came back the next day with Anderson and Donovan which had proved to be
“I didn’t plan this. I didn’t lie to you about everything either. I am a big fan of you and Sherlock. I read about all the cases on your blog and the paper. I even wrote a few…” She lifts the envelope and looks at John as if he were an active volcano about to explode. John doesn’t have the energy to explode. Doubts he ever will again, really.
“Don’t be daft, John,” Sherlock meant to say this more spitefully than he did, but he was just so relieved John said he wasn’t moving out that he couldn’t find it in him and it came out sounding much softer than intended. “Even you can’t deny that what I did was… unpleasant. Not to mention I was the reason all of you were there in the first place. I… I would understand if it was something you couldn’t get past.”
This was the one thing he didn’t want to talk about. The one thing that he did that he didn’t even want to think about and now John was throwing it in his face, and rightly so. John had been all too forgiving and passive towards this particular indiscretion.
“Yeah.” John chuckles a bit at that, it comes out a tad flat but neither of them focus on it. “He wasn’t much a fan of it himself actually…” Before he knows it her hand has come back to rest on his. A gentle, comforting presence.
know how Sherlock felt about him so how he can he shut down somebody else’s hopes?
“How are you feeling?” John asked for the second time that day.
A scared voice resounded from the back of his mind and tried to cover up that thought but John didn’t have the patience for that voice anymore. The one his father had put there that popped up whenever he had a not-so-straight thought. Back when he was first seeing Ella on a frequent basis she had explained it as something called internalized homophobia. He had hated that at first, thought it was a load of bollocks. He wasn’t homophobic, the very thought of hating someone for such a shallow reason made him instantly feel anger and guilt and yet as he thought about it more and more it made a lot of sense. Growing up with a dad like he had, who had lost it every time he did something that seemed the least bit queer, it was a tad hard not to get some of that in your own head. Yet he found that the programmed reaction to deny any queer or debatably homosexual feelings had been slowly fading from him ever since Sherlock… left. He found that he really couldn’t deny it with a weak outburst of ‘
He makes a face and maliciously buries his palm into Sherlock's awfully dishevelled curls, pulling them slightly.
When it was all over, John cavalierly picked up Sherlock's briefs, laying discarded on the floor and cheekily cleaned the wet disaster from his front, tending to Sherlock similarly in the next moment.
I was up on my feet in a second, pulling my own gun out of my pocket in an instant. Through the open window, I observed how the young rascal leapt through the rocky terrain and tufts of dry grass like a spring lamb, fleeing towards the grey buildings of the nearby homestead which was visible behind the shroud of olive-trees. I took a careful aim... but in that moment a Spanish freight train swished by, covering the entire area in front of me, even the very sky, with rattling brown metal.
No one else boarded the first class. The train was a bit delayed and so after a little while a sharp sound of conductor's whistle rang outside and with that we were on the move again.
“You said earlier you know the place quite well?” I inquired. “Then lead me. We must find some lodgings for the night, the sooner the better. Also, the more private and isolated it would be, the more suitable would I find it.”
I glanced at Sherlock pensively.
Greg stared at me as if I had lost my mind. Somewhere in a distance, the sirens of the fire-fighting trucks started blaring in earnest.
Our company reached Vernet's two-storey house placed at Les Allées Paul-Riquet, beautiful tree-lined promenade in the middle of the town.
He bore all that and then I insinuate he is mad…
“You don’t need to explain anything, I know you never seriously intended to hurt me.” I announced with unshakable conviction. “I was a bit confused there at the dock, I admit. But once I got to think about it with clear head again, it all became evident to me. So don’t worry about that. You should rather tell me how you managed to detonate semtex in that Silvertown hole.”
“It is all very interesting, but I would be lying if told you I surmised the identity of the murderer from that.”
He then sprang back into the drawing room restlessly and surveyed the unpleasant scene of the massacre once more, ogling the corpse and the surrounding mess with hungry interest.
xxxxxxxx
In that moment the wheels of a cab rattled on the cobblestones near us and the spacious hansom came to a halt at the edge of the trottoir, empty, with Vernet sitting next to the cabbie. Sherlock gave me the last meaningful, dark stare and quickly jumped inside, leaving the door open for me.
“Don’t succumb to him, John. He’s a cruel god.”
Thousands of questions were pushing against my tongue, impatient to get out. I felt hotness pulsing frantically in my chest – jealousy and the sense of betrayal. My hands itched in desire to grab Sherlock, to press him against the wall and to interrogate him thoroughly about the bizarre spectacle I just witnessed in the victim's flat. But neither the time nor the place was suitable for that.
“Have you completely lost your mind?!” I barely restrained myself from grabbing him and shaking some sense into him. “What the heck were you doing up there? Did you want to follow this poor sod into suicide or what??”
Incredible relief raked through my body when I felt his pulse beating strongly and when I ascertained that no bone of his was broken. The injury visible on his chest was only a flesh-wound caused by the shrapnel which pierced Sherlock’s skin in the moment of explosion. We were both incredibly lucky. I thanked all the saints in heaven for such a close shave and I threw Sherlock’s heavy frame over my shoulder, carrying him out to save us both from suffocation.
“I checked up on it with the reception desk, but they confirmed that there's just one double-bed, Sherlock.” He said hesitatingly. “We'll have to share…”
xxxxxxxx
I put my fingers to the sensitive area under my nose and drummed on it, musing loudly: “But weren't Cathars completely wiped out during The Middle Ages?”
We stood with our gaze blankly pointed at him. Then we burst into the wildest guffaw this bureau ever encountered. Sherlock tried to shush us but realising it’s pointless, he opened the door of the cubicle and escaped to the hallway hastily.
The young man grinned lazily and stuck the cigarette into the corner of his mouth. “No offence intended, my friend… I was just expressing my views on the matter. Don't mind me, I meant well. Do you have some fire, by the way?”
“Uh… impatient, aren't we?” Sherlock's muffled voice resonates from among the pillows.
“With a great deal of frustration.” I smiled and I rubbed the shaved skin under my nose sheepishly.
I recognised him in an instant and my stomach sank into my boots.
“Yes, that’s a good idea.” Sherlock agreed without further ado.
Rosalie, who obviously lent Marie her company to shield her from any unwanted attentions, gave him an ugly glance and put her hands on both shoulders of the elder woman. She gently pushed her back inside the shop and slipping in right after her, she retorted: “Leave us alone, monsieur! We know nothing about the matter!”
”Yes. The one you just married.”
When we appeared at the entrance of the MET headquarters in Victoria Street, looking respectable and dependable save the wrapped up thyrsus Sherlock ostentatiously held in front of himself, we were let in without any big problems. We were almost regarded as the permanent fixtures there at MET, so the night porter just greeted us politely and returned to the issue of the Sun placed at his little desk.
Sherlock coughed then and reclining his head to the side, announced: “It was honeysuckle in the original.”
While we were waiting patiently, loitering about the small square bestrewn with sand which was adjacent to the prison-walls, a troop of gendarmes marched to the area from the town, escorting the familiar looking prisoner with them.
He exchanged the glance with me, his eyes bright and his face serene once again: “Therefore I decided to only surround myself with simple, imperfect, but reliable things. These never betrayed me in my life. And I hope they never would.”
He sat by the headboard, clutching at his waist as if he had severe abominable cramps. Every drop of blood disappeared from his face, leaving it as white as a bed-sheet and his eyes had a glassy expression in them. His lips moved as in a trance, repeating two words over and over.
And moving stiffly as if he just recovered from a nasty shock, he gently put his hands on the elbows of the other man, inclining as if to kiss him…
“Yes, I took some fulminating compound with me when I left Baker Street,” he confessed with hard edge to his voice. “You may recall that I examined quite a large volume of fulminated mercury last week in order to find extrinsic adulterants in it. When they gave me that appalling order, I merely put that chemical into the hollow left after the severed grip.  I then stepped up to you in order to be nearer to the semtex-crate so that I could aim better when I threw the crutch on it.”
So the silent treatment on this God-forgotten place continued even here, so it seemed. John was a bit shocked, how resolutely Sherlock refused to share the bedroom and how he opted to stay downstairs on his own, in front of the glowing PC monitor instead. Yet the verdict was final, apparently. He was left on his own.
“That might be the truth... still, it pisses me off he got away when I almost had his collar felt.” I grumbled contritely. “How did he manage that, by the way? It probably wasn't a coincidence the train stopped at the moment most suitable for him, was it?”
It all added up. Sherlock's pale complexion and his ascetic lifestyle. His long fasts interlaced with periods of hard work. His constant praise of the spirit and his equally strong contempt for the “transport”. His choice of a partner with which he could never have procreative sex.
I turned to Sherlock and was taken aback by his appearance momentarily.
Tall, beautiful young man displayed his nakedness with a sensuality that was not entirely masculine. Lush curls covering that proud head fell on nicely formed shoulders in heavy waves, whimsically backswept and long white neck offered itself to the spectators as if it awaited a kiss. Large cloak, clasped by the brooch, only existed as a narrow strip spread over both clavicles, leaving nothing to imagination otherwise. Yet there was nothing animalistic in that face. Strong jaw, broad forehead and bold, direct gaze spoke of a composed character and a keen intellect… if statues could think, of course.
Yesterday, slightly dizzy from the wedding feast and faintly drunk on champagne, with John dangling from Sherlock's neck and worrying detective's pulse-point with his lips, they tripped and Sherlock's delicate backside ended on their delicate wedding cake. Well, not so delicate now, both the cake and that lush ass…
“Hey! You two! What are you doing?!” Their officer hollered at us and then swore loudly, doing a double-take, as he noticed the bloody carnage taking place behind our backs. His men screamed in outrage, echoing him and surrounded us quickly, prepared to seize and subdue us.
Sherlock left the basket in my keeping and viewed Rosalie with amazement, a sense of wonder reflected in his pale, slanted eyes.
”And what should we do with that?” He asks, pointing towards the armchair standing in the corner of the room.
Persistent, John quickly placed his hand back at its rightful place and protested: “No, no, don't be like that! Just listen to me! Please…”
“I can't believe it!” I gnashed my teeth. “I just can't!”
My ear-drums nearly burst from the intensity of his scream. I wonder to this very day that the rest of the house was not immediately roused by it, thinking the roof is on fire. Shaken by the whirlwind of activity that suddenly took place in front of me, I dressed in haste, throwing clothes sloppily on my body, while Sherlock raced around like a flame, restless, wild, almost frantic with impatient energy.
For an answer, Sherlock vaguely waved his hand in the direction of the river-bank.
“Wait, wait, stop it!” Sherlock interrupted him right away. “Your gratitude should only belong to Doctor Watson. It was he who managed to replace Lupin's bag during that mayhem... I contributed very little to that.”
"Dr. Watson, please meet Dr. Rosie," announced louder.
John put on his robe over his pants and shirt (he was so tired when he arrived from the stag party that he just took off his shoes and laid out on the bed), and the two of them lined the long hallway leading to the dining room.
"Relax, Bart is packing your bags. That way, Rosie will have time to say goodbye to the sea. Do you want to go to the beach before you go?"
Before they arrived at the hospital, he was fully asleep.
Both John and Greg took their fingers out of Sherlock and the doctor, after coating his cock with lube, rubbed the tip in the entrance, throwing his head back a bit and moaning in anticipation, teasing both himself at the detective at the same time. Greg moved near the headboard, his cock a few millimeters of Sherlock's mouth, so close that he could feel his warm breath on the tip as the detective groaned at the feeling of John's teasing cock.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. They didn't have time for that. But the warning look Lestrade gave him prevented him from saying anything.
“Sherlock hasn’t kidnapped anyone!” repeated the doctor for the umpteenth time, feeling angrier that he had felt before in his life. “And for the last time, he is not a freak!”
Irene Adler helped Rosie to wear bib jeans with a bee drawn on them. Under the bee, the dungarees had a tracking device attached to them that would allow Sherlock to locate the girl wherever she was. She did so quickly, but carefully, while the girl watched with her eyes wide open the security personnel' runs to position themselves around the door and defend the mansion.
"Please, Major, it's important. We received..."
They smiled each other, and John couldn't help seeing in them a reflection of Sherlock and himself, two idiots in love, finally brave enough to face their true feelings.
Then, all the people congregated in the place joined them at the refrain.
Greg rubbed his eyes, trying to make the memory disappear. As he drove towards Mycroft's house, he wondered if Sherlock and John could get over it.
He took the orange juice jar from the door and sat down on the couch again.
The sergeant's perplexity at the general's laughter was palpable over the phone.
The elder Holmes did not attempt to turn towards him. Sherlock noticed he was trembling, his eyes fixed on one of the side entrances to the enclosure. Sherlock followed his gaze, and the blood froze in his veins.
When he arrived at the flat with all the food, he found Sherlock had arranged the fifteen backpacks, the tents and the rest of the needed items. Rosie was almost glowing of excitement, unable to rest, running from one side to another of the living room, with a little notebook and a pencil.
The doctor stopped breathing. He released the man, who fell to the floor, sobbing and rubbing his sore arm, muttering something about brutality.
He got out of the car, entered in Baker Street and climbed the stairs. He opened the flat door wondering what he would find there.
"Never" they assured at the same time.
"That's why when they accused you of conducting unauthorised operations, complaints failed to prosper".
The sound of an activated phone call filled the room.
"People write nonsense when they think they're going to die," Sherlock retorted.
"When he said the Government offered me an alternative to not be judged so that my family wouldn't know what I did, I even thanked that bastard, I joined him to secret British Government's missions so that I could avoid the Courts of War".
John inhaled hard, looked sideways at where Sherlock was sleeping, and tightened his lips.
"As I told Mycroft before, Anthony's death is not your fault, not Mycroft. It's Clay's. He shot him. Not you, not Mycroft. So it's time you start accepting you couldn't have to avoid it. You were at the hospital, and Mycroft didn't know what Anthony was going to do".
"Only in a metaphorical way. The fact is that you do everything you can think of to attract the doggie to go with you, but he doesn't pay you attention".
“Of course I am. Because if I were William, I would be really disappointed with you. You were lucky. You found something that only very few people have in this life, true love He loved you so much that he gave his life for you. And then, you waste yours by pitying and destroying yourself. William must be really angry with you.”
The woman glared at her.
“It seems you are very capable of entertain yourself. Where did you learn to shoot?”
"Doctor Watson and Peter are there."
"Think, think," he muttered.
“Thanks a lot, Bumblebee,” he muttered. Rosie kissed him in the cheek.
The next morning John woke up slowly. He yawned and sighed contently, enjoying the quietness of the morning, relaxed. John also should say he felt satiated, but since the day he started having sex with the only consulting detective in the world, satiety became a concept impossible to apply to him. He always wanted more. And that was something that John Three Continents Watson hadn’t experienced before with any of his previous partners, women or men.
“It’s everything okay, Mrs. Hudson?”
"When must send our guests to bed" joked Mycroft and Lestrade chuckled, laying down next to him on the deckchair, where both dozed, embraced, Lestrade resting his head in Mycroft's chest, the elder Holmes stroking his greyish hair. Deep inside, he could feel Anthony, wherever he was, was happy for him, the weight that had been carried for so many years is finally disappearing.
“No,” protested Sherlock, instinctively grabbing the phone against his chest. The children laughed.
"Life isn't fair," replied John.
Once in Mycroft's office, she went to the canteen, where several assistants ate lunch around a table. She smiled to herself, thanking her luck. Bertha, one of the most gossipy, capable of spreading a rumor around the office in seconds, was between them. When they saw her arrive, they invited her to join them. The assistant smiled, went to leave her rucksack in Mycroft's office, and took a sandwich, went over to sit among her colleagues who, amidst laughter, told her about Mrs. Hudson's visit.
The receptionist closed her eyes. There it was—the problem of the day.
“You won't give in to anything, will you?”
'Absolutely.'
John grabbed his neck and kissed him eagerly, but Sherlock pulled back and licked John's lips in a teasing, playful gesture. He traced a line with his tongue through John's chin and jawline, reaching his neck, kissing and gently nibbling it, as John turned his head to one side, giving Sherlock more skin to play with, his hands on the edge of the tube, humming softly under Sherlock's kisses.
John blinked, stretching and sighed, looking out the window. It was early, the day was beginning to clear, but the sun had not yet risen. Careful not to wake Sherlock up, he slipped out of his arms (no easy task; the detective should have been an octopus in one of his previous lives, and kept his trapping skills intact).
John frowned followed the detective's gaze and realised what he meant.
"Oh, I don't think Papa can save you from this," John retorted, still ticking her.
"Don't worry, Mrs. Hudson, we can read between the lines," said Pete.
"Why? If I'm comfortable here with the bride."
"Advantages of your boyfriend being a genius," laughed Greg looking at the floor. Effectively, there were arrows stuck in the floor indicating the route to the various rooms.
He couldn't put it off any longer. He stood up slowly and gestured to the owner, who refused to take the money from him, which made his heart even smaller. He went outside and opened the door to Baker Street.
John sighed exasperatedly.
"Myc, we have to get them back no matter what."
"Are you sure?" asked Lestrade.
“Let’s try again, Billy, what you need my help for?”
"What do you mean?"
"I thought you preferred to keep a low profile," muttered the DI.
At the hut, John, Bill, and Luke exchanged looks of understanding. Sherlock frowned.
When he came to, soldiers were arguing sourly among themselves, now many more. Although they all spoke in Farsi, they did so with different accents. They weren't soldiers. They were mercenaries.
John looked around. If the Baker Street living room always was quite unusual, now with he, Sherlock, Everett, Stephen, Mycroft, Lestrade, Tony, Thor, Steve, Peter, and Natasha, who had been joined by Wong, Clint, and Bruce from New York, was bordering on unreality. He would have loved to take a picture and post it on the blog, but he didn't want to imagine the media hype that would ensue if he did.
"I don't care about your alcohol rankings," snapped Sherlock. "Everything was the same? The pub, the beer, the..." he snapped his fingers "what's the name of that annoying bartender who keeps trying to get me drunk?"
"Has the great Sherlock Holmes not thought of that?" joked John, gently nibbling on the detective's lower lip.
Sherlock raised a questioning eyebrow to Lestrade, surprised he called him Holmes instead freak. The DI and John smiled.
"J… John
"That is not why you are here."
"And it would be good to get out of here," Sholto said. "I wouldn't be surprised if they sent more convoys. Served and eaten, we'll talk about it quietly".
The tunnel sucked them in, and they vanished from the platform. Stephen opened a portal that led directly to the alley from where he transported Sherlock to Bleek Street.
They looked at each other, shocked. It couldn’t be...
"For God's sake, can we save the society talk for later and go now?" barked Sherlock.
"Never, sweetheart. Don't worry. As long as I am here, nothing will happen to you".
"Don't worry, I'll pay for it, plus an extra if you get there in less than fifteen minutes."
"Rosie, you know what happens to ticklish consulting detectives?" John laughed.
"Ladies in distress, ha!" retorted Molly, placing herself next to Donovan. Sherlock smirked.
"Perhaps they were covered up to take the pictures," Sholto ventured.
Bruce and Clint looked at each other. John smiled. It was funny to see them. They looked like the parents of a teenager asking them to come home a little later than usual.
"John, listen to me."
He couldn't finish his sentence. He put his hands on his head, panicking, imagining Rosie, alone and frightened, in the darkness and solitude of the Serbian cell.
"Look who is talking" replied Sherlock, a fond note in his voice that made Mycroft smile.
Unlike Mycroft, the woman didn’t seem either impressed nor scared by the writers’ shouts. She appeared at the door, undaunted, still staring at the screen.
"Hey, mates," begged John, a bit tired of all of it.
"How could that happen? How could you make a mistake like that?" Bruce was amazed.
In the middle of that nightmare, he was trying to return to normalcy, like the rest. But how could you do it knowing that people can come back from dead, invoking, and create zombies and ghouls army to conquer the world?
The kiosk have been cornered in a dead end. Donovan stopped in front of it and started pressing all buttons, trying to switch it on. But the attraction remained off.
John arched an eyebrow, defiant, while unlocking his phone. Sherlock tried to take it off, but the doctor jumped up, out of reach of the detective, while writing a message. The speed with which he wrote with his thumbs was surprising, considering his slowness when writing on the computer with his index fingers.
Pitying of the audience's ears, the DI went to the stage and joined his new flamboyant boyfriend and the chorus, which was celebrated with cheers, claps, and toasts. People started coming back home little by little since most of them have to get ready for the wedding, and the warehouse remained almost empty.
She turned to the young officer who was looking at her, then looked around for Lestrade. The man seemed to live in his office. That was the first time Donovan arrived at the office before the DI.
He closed his eyes and pressed his lips again. He didn't want to talk about it anymore. The wound caused by Mycroft was still open and kept hurting, making guilt and anger boiling over inside him.
"Good Lord! One day with my brother, and you are already speaking Latin?"
The detective stood up, tears rolling down his jaw and falling to the ground, his face contracted both with grief and a threatening gesture. Sholto stepped forward to get in front of the detective and turned to Lestrade.
Sherlock nodded again.
"Wait, wait, you've got a stain on your trousers too," observed John, grabbing Sherlock's ass with both hands and then unbuttoning them and dropping them down. The detective kicked it away, just as John kicked his owns.
The bedroom was huge, presided over by a large king-size bed, an ice bucket near it. Sherlock looked up. It had no ceiling, but the room extended to the house's roof, more than ten meters high. But what caught the detective's eye was a leather sex sling firmly anchored to the ceiling, hanging in the middle of the room.
She was so focused on her thoughts that she didn’t realize she was walking through a fairground located near the port. Bumper cars, roller coasters and other attractions both amused and terrified visitors.
"Please, Martha," begged Lestrade. He didn't want that to worsen with Mycroft putting every police force in the country in check for his niece.
"Luckily, Holmes is not the funniest man in the world," teased Donovan, and John poked his tongue out to her.
“Ahhh, don’t bite, John!”
"Are you sure this is still a foot massage?" mockingly panted the doctor, with a hoarse voice, his body shivering at the touch.
"I'll call him right now and tell no."
I had been studying hard for my final exams. Two more and I’d achieve both degrees. He told me that I needed a rest and that he had rented a cottage for the weekend, so we could disconnect from everything, rest and have time for us. I accepted and we went there. The place was beautiful and isolated. Perfect for a romantic weekend. I was overwhelmed about how he cared for me. I didn’t know then that, since the beginning, he was just throwing the bait, a bait that I, like a complete idiot, swallowed all the way down.
"If John shows up, you are smoking," he said, the cigarette on his lips, squinting at the smoke.
"It's not an offer. You decide. Seventy-five percent or I pull the trigger".
*****
"I have to admit, "breathed the detective after a while, turning and huddling over John, "you know how to turn a boring holiday into something amazing, glorious, and fucking awesome."
He turned to one of his men.
'Send it and I swear I'll disappear and you'll never see me again. Ever.'
"Sherlock thought we could use a driver," Molly looked sideways at Sally, who quickly understood she did not want Mrs. Hudson to know Rosie had been in danger.
Thanks for reading and staying tuned!
“It’s not your fault. Molly. I know Sherlock is different, but there is no reason to treat him like a…, you know”.
Suddenly Sherlock jumped from the bed and reappeared with a new silk rope in his hands.
"No, Sherlock, our experts verified them, as well as Mycroft's. It hasn't been tricked. You should see the images. This is very serious," said Lestrade's voice off-camera.
The Major, along with John and the other four, burst out laughing.
"Oh, God," muttered Sherlock, about to come at the sight of John's red pants. The doctor smiled, mischievous, his hands grabbing Sherlock's arse, their hard cocks inches from each other, feeling each other's heat, and each other's desire.
"Let's wait and see what that has to do with John and Sherlock, shall we?" he asked softly, a smile dancing in his eyes. "Soul mates," he whispered, tapping him gently on his shoulder and intently looking at him.
He stroked John's cheek tenderly, wiping away the tears that still covered it. The doctor bowed his head, laying it in his soft, warm, living hand, oblivious to the whirlwind of emotions that was overwhelming him. They would talk later. He would release his anger later. Now he just wanted to enjoy the miracle that Sherlock was there in front of him. That Sherlock came back for him. Because he loved him.
"You should watch this."
"You wouldn't have to look for him if you hadn't sent John on that horrible mission."
Greg waved a hand to John over the crowded pub. It was great to see him there again. John was still pale and a bit slimmer than usual, but his smile confirmed he was almost fully recovered.
John slipped his tongue in Sherlock's hole again and wriggle it around, as the wrecked detective whined and cursed. his cock flushed red and desperate for friction.
"I'll leave men to watch you and put others to watch Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson until you finish your... kissing".
Sherlock turned as he heard the number. The others nodded.
"My dog got sick."
One after another, the SAS members jumped up, running across the sand and positioning themselves to find the best angle of fire. At the same time, mercenaries got out of the trucks and surrounded the cabin.
"Give my regards to Papa Bear," he said and opened the door to get down from the car and disappear behind the black door at 221b Baker Street.
"He is desperate. Maybe he made a mistake," ventured Lestrade.
"You have a lot to explain to us, Doctor Watson" Mycroft tilted his head as he did the day he
"Anderson!" yelled Lestrade.
"But…."
Greg moaned at the noises the detective made. Sherlock licked his cock all over the shaft, flicking his tongue on the frenulum, teasing him to finally close his lips around him again, easing the shaft further inside his mouth. Greg threw his head back, his tights trembled, and his hips bucked, making his cock going deeper inside Sherlock's mouth, the warmth of his mouth and his reddish lips due to the friction getting him mad.
“It's not your fault...It's not your fault...” John repeated like a mantra.
"Don't stop until I tell you," ordered John, putting his hands on the waistband of Sherlock's underpants and dropping them to the ground, releasing his hard cock.
"You are doing very well," John kissed his neck "you just have to see how happy she is."
"Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, shut up, Mycroft!" they all whispered imperiously.
Sherlock left the folder on the table and took his phone without losing sight of the bathroom door.
"Sherlock asked to have them brought here?"
"More than listening to you for sure, my dear."
John gladly accepted, turning a deaf ear to Sherlock's protests that there was nothing more deadly boring in the world than his brother's house. The doctor knew that Mycroft's assistants would look after them both. It would also be better for Rosie, after what happened, to be in a familiar environment than going to a hotel, which finally made the detective stop his protests.
“It says
“We had the best seats!”
All of them nodded, looking at the cap as if it was the Cornucopia.
Sherlock looked at the photos Mycroft's men had sent him. Not the slightest sign of the vents. He passed them on to the others.
"Can you send me a picture of him?" John asked.
"I would love to hear him play."
In the end, Bill called John desperate.
A shocked silence came from the other side.
*****
"We are screwed."
"You see, Grandma? Dad likes it"
The man yelled in pain and tried to punch John with his other hand, but the doctor easily dodged it. With a strong hook, John threw him to the ground, and then, with his healthy arm, punched him hard in the face.
**********
"I thought so," replied Mycroft, fondly, laughter dancing in his eyes. He regained his seriousness and turned to the rest. "You have exactly thirty minutes to get ready. If any of you are not, we will leave without him".
There, cornered by two zombies, Molly brandished a Nordic walking stick, horror written in her face.
His tongue slid again over the detective’s perineum, making him whine and moan, trying to close his tights a bit, so he can lift a bit his lips, inviting the doctor to fuck him. From his position, Sherlock could see John’s cock, hard as a rock, aching for attention, but the git had an unbelievable control over himself. Balancing on only one hand, Sherlock sneaked his arm under him and caressed the tip of John’s cock, making the doctor moan and close his eyes.
Rosie nodded, still worried.
He turned to Anthea.
He leaned to kiss John's lips. The doctor quickly turned his face away
"Where's Mycroft?" asked Lestrade,
"I was just telling them about Michael. When I think about the poor kid sitting on a bomb, I want to rip out Clay's throat" he sighed and smiled "happily the boy is okay, as well as that little girl… Sarah.
“What about the anticoagulant?”
"Why do they want to take me away from London?"
"This does not make sense," panted Sherlock, performing different kata as he skewered living dead with the katana. "This is a never-ending story. Moriarty doesn't like getting bored".
Sherlock and John nodded. Rosie approached them and hugged them tightly.
"This place is the exception. A hell composed only of negativity, darkness, sadness, griefs,  frustration, anguish, failed hopes, and broken dreams. If there is a version of ourselves that chooses a different path in every place in the universe, here are grouped all our failed stories, all the lost opportunities, the unrealized dreams... Some of them are part of our past. Others are not. They are part of the infinite possibilities of choice we have in every moment of our lives. Every time we were wrong, every time we were afraid, every time instead of bit the bullet we backed out, that version of us came here. Crossing this place when you are warned about it is hell. To cross it alone, as the other Sherlock did, leads to madness and to the search for redemption at any cost".
"Don't you get it?! You see the hat? I am Mrs. Nesbit!!" John faked a burst of hysterical laughter. "The hat looked good. Tell me the hat looked good! The apron is a bit much, it's not my color..." the dramatic tone dissipated, and he ended the sentence with laughter.
"Why didn't you told me…?"
"Don't you want to go back to London?"
Moran’s voice was muffled by hands that grabbed and dragged him to the depths of the prison. Soon his desperate screams turned into howls of pain and horror.
Sherlock stood his body tense and nodded weakly.
Greg ran his finger over the tip of Mycroft's cock, making him almost burst into tears of despair. "So that you can see your master takes care of you. Right?" he asked, slapping him on the ass, which echoed all over the place, to which Mycroft responded by nodding as vehemently as he could.
Sherlock shook his head.
"That won't happen" he checked his watch, "so tomorrow…"
"I'm going to get him," shouted Thor. "Take care of them!"
Donovan laughed maniacally. She was so relieved! Then she got serious again. This time the DI truly feared Donovan was near a nervous breakdown. It wouldn’t be unusual, due to the exhaustion of the vampire’s case.
Sherlock's tongue travelled over the ankle and the leg, rested a bit of the back of the knee. His cock ached with John's choked giggling mixed with moans and groans.
He smiled. The picture brought back to his mind that time when he, the therapist, told the brunete he was worthy of being loved and that, someday, he would find someone capable of seeing through him. The young man laughed so hard that he literally fell off his chair. But deep down in his eyes, the therapist could see a glimmer of hope that he could not drown despite the usual inexpressive mask that hid feelings.
"I think you've had enough tea today," said Sherlock taking the teapot out of John's hand." Let's get you out of here, Buzz."
"Who would have thought it? Me playing the baby sitter," she smiled fondly at the girl, "Sweetheart, come with me," she extended her hand towards Rosie, "I arranged a room for you. I hope you like it".
Keeping Sherlock in the flat hadn't been easy. From the threat to the puppy-dog eyes, Sherlock had used every trick in the book to get John to let him out of Baker Street, so John was forced to lock the main door and put a security lock on the windows that he only removed when he wanted to air out the house or go outside to applaud pandemic's heroes.
"The tunnel through the Quantum Realm will be opened in twenty minutes. Just time for you to put on your suit," he announced.
"They built the top, took the pictures, and dug up the lower level. They only had to make a hole and shore it up with wood," he observed, trying to contain his voice tremor.
Sherlock moved his hips back, trying to get more of John's fucking fingers in. It was part of the game. While John was giving the instructions, he could come, and the teasing afterward would be easier to bear, although, on more than one occasion, he was left on edge and what was coming next was a delicious hell..., because if at least John put a cock ring or a cock cage on it, but the worst part was...
“Tell me, Sherlock.”
The pathologist rang the doorbell, trying to show a calm she was far from feeling. The seconds until the door opened felt like centuries. A woman in a nurse's uniform appeared on the other side of the door.
"Did you know that?"
Both chuckled as Sherlock cursed. Greg licked the head of the detective's cock, John kissed Sherlock, pocked his tongue inside his lips and shoved a finger inside his mouth, finger the detective licked and sucked greedily. John took it out from the detective's mouth, and, running his hand through his body, finally pushed it inside Sherlock arse, thrusting slowly it inside out, still nibbling his nipples.
Mycroft nodded.
"Be thankful she didn't cook snails, or ray, which is also typical here," warned Sherlock.
“Eat,” the doctor mouthed, raising his eyebrows to emphasize the order.
In the darkness, Sherlock sneezed.
John's vows are an extract from the book "The Chaos of Stars" by Kiersten White.
"Oh, yes, but not like we all play. They're great. I wish I have had parents like that".
Sherlock rolled his eyes and went down the street after them. He stopped short when he got to the sidewalk.
Mycroft's assistant shook her head.
John threw Sherlock a pair of black shorts. The detective put them on, and they both went up the stairs to the top floor, towards the glassed-in terrace where there was set the table full of toast, eggs, bacon, pancakes, coffee, tea, orange juice, sausages, black pudding, baked beans, and fried tomatoes.
Sherlock shook his head.
"I don't want to go to jail," finally said one of them.
“And we will be the first to see them, because tomorrow will come to a lot of people to see it, and we’ll have the best place.”
“Only if the proposal is logical,” pointed Sherlock. The children looked at him, puzzled. The detective blushed, looking at his husband for help.
“I thought you could help me to convince him.”
He moved down, sucking his hips and his inner tights, neglecting John's cock. Suddenly, to catch him off guard, he moved up, roughly kissing John, his tongue slipping inside his mouth, running his hands over his chest. He broke the kiss and looked at a flushed John, his pupils dilated, his chest rising and falling rapidly, his cock dripping profusely.
"You're in no position to be rude or pompous, Mr. Holmes. Be nice, answer me and maybe I'll think about the pictures".
The detective nodded. John explained this to him as well, and in fact, it had been one of the reasons why he finally accepted John's decision to go to Mycroft's without making too much fuss.
Lestrade thought about what John would say if he knew he was the main character in Sherlock’s sexual fantasies. Because it had to be a fantasy. John had made it very clear he was not gay, what was widely attested by the female Yarders with whom he had sex regularly, mostly since his fame as an incredible fucker and about how very well-endowed he was spread along NSY.
"Okay, I'll be compliant," smiled John. "I'm angry, bored, worried … and horny".
A new cut. John was still making push-ups, counting one hundred sixty, one hundred sixty-one, one hundred sixty-two… with Rosie sitting astride his back. The doctor easily lowered and lifted his body at a quick path, while Rosie held on to the doctor's t-shirt so she wouldn't fall. She counted with him between giggles, mainly when John started powerfully pushing himself up, his hands coming off the floor and clapping in midair before fall onto his arms again, Rosie accompanying the clapping. At the same time, Sherlock, lazily lying on the couch, smiled at the sound of his husband and daughter's laughs.
He was sure Sherlock would find him. John knew no force in nature could stop him from coming to Afghanistan to rescue him, nor all of MI6 along with the entire NSY.
Both moaned loudly, and Sherlock noticed John was shivering. The doctor grabbed the bar over his head and climbed back up. Sherlock waited patiently for him to come down again. These were new sensations for John, and he needed to get accustomed to them. He came down slowly, this time down to the middle of Sherlock's cock, his thighs shaking slightly.
Lestrade laughed out loud.
"Are you sure? I was already so drunk that I didn't notice and..."
"Come on, you'll like it."
And below, the phrase he knew he would read one day:
“So it wasn’t the first time he did that”
Suddenly, John's smartphone started vibrating with such intensity that almost jumped off the table. He looked at the screen and became pale as a ghost.
“Fine, I’m fine”.
John held his fist inches from Mycroft's face. He knew he was trying to entangle him, but something in his tone let him know that what was coming next was not going to please him.
Tomorrow. The wedding. The idea hit him as if it was the first time John heard about it. It was not because he had second thoughts about it, but because, even when they had been preparing it for almost four months, he sometimes couldn't believe he was finally going to marry Sherlock.
“Like a compliment, of course,” he shook his head, ”at least much smarter than me. I didn’t see it coming. And when I realized it, I was in the Chief Superintended office with Donovan listing, one after another, my many failures as DI,” he swallowed hard, ”it was a nightmare, something unreal.”
"Let's go," he urged, and the van sped off.
The detective hung up and dialed his brother's number. He preferred to text, but he didn't have time to waste. Getting no reply, he sent a message, took off his robe, put on his coat and shoes, left Rosie at Mrs. Hudson's, and went out in search of a taxi, mumbling to his brother and Lestrade, dialing John's and Mycroft's number alternately, getting no reply from either of them,
She stood up, protesting quietly.
"We weren't fucking. We were making love," he stated proudly.
"Please, tell me you haven't been through the whole ceremony in your Mental Palace, and we have to repeat it," mocked John.
He shook his head in disappointment.
John and Rosie shook their heads, giggling amused at the detective's supreme turmoil.
“I will carry him to the house. You should come back to the camp and wait there until the van arrives”.
"Watch your mouth, Ross," hissed John.
Moreover, apart from Sherlock's, there were many more lives at stake. After assuring repeatedly nothing could go wrong in Mike's rescue, Mycroft warned them. There were a lot of covert rescue missions that, if discovered, would blow up, putting hundreds of lives in danger. He assumed that's why his captors wanted him not only to call Sherlock but to explain they were part of one of those missions.
"For me, the end never justified the means".
"I'm afraid not," he pulled out his phone and typed quickly, using the same symbols as on the papers they'd found in Baker Street.
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked for the remote. A specially designed panic button that, once pressed, would immediately release Sherlock from his restraints and thus prevent an escalation of panic, in the event he couldn't remember his safeword or snap his fingers. The device also emitted an audible signal to alert John in case the doctor wasn't with Sherlock at the time.
But doctors advised them against penetrative sex until John's staples were removed, to prevent the wounds from reopening. So Sherlock, afraid of John backtracking on his healing, had been dodging him, adamant about John's demands, which only increased their lust.
“I was Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Infantry, remember?
