He heard the door creak open but didn’t bother lifting his head or opening his eyes. It has been a really long time since he’s had a busy day like today. He was even a little embarrassed at how aggressively exhaustion was tugging at his consciousness. It wasn’t even six p.m. yet.
Castiel ached to grab him, hold him. But he didn’t know what Dean wanted. What he needed. He wasn’t even sure what he was doing here. The last time he was like this, Missouri had made him stay in the
Dean studied him for a little while longer before his expression relaxed. “Okay.”
Although the answer to that was obviously yes, Cas had the distinct feeling that he was walking into a trap when he nodded uncertainly. He never dropped his gaze.
No rest for the chronically pathetic.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean conceded as he pulled on his boots.
Thank you all so much for reading up this point!
man.” He palmed at the lower half of his face and squeezed his eyes shut.
Cas reached for him and touched their foreheads together before breathily whispering:
“What?” Castiel asked, panic bleeding ice into his veins.
“Cas, buddy, please never mention my brother’s name when you are naked and pressed up against me,” Dean chastised as he ran his hand through the angel’s hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean was in absolutely no way complaining though.
“Is something on your mind, Gabriel?” Castiel asked.
“I wasn’t the one pouring the whiskey, buddy,” Dean laughed – trying for casual but coming out a lot more forced -the sound strained and tense.
Castiel chucked the bottles of water at him. The array of snacks soon followed, gathering together to create a cesspool of unhealthy goods. Dean patted the bed next to him as he finished the first bottle of water in a few fast and deep swallows. Castiel sat down as far as possible from Dean as the bed would allow, almost shrinking against the headboard on the opposite end (don’t think about it). He passed Castiel one of the chocolate bars as he opened up the jerky.
He was dying to know what had made the date three years ago unsuccessful. But he was also dying to not have a discussion about the previous night.
Dean looked at him with doubt in his eyes.
Dean, without really thinking about it, wrapped his hand around Castiel’s wrist that was abusing his hair. Castiel inhaled sharply at the contact.
They stared at each other for a while. There was a knock at the door, and before either of them had time to respond, Stevie, the night nurse, entered their room.
“Yes, and...?” Castiel asked, highly amused by the pre-caffeinated Dean.
There was no way it was the same trench coat, right?
Sam scoffed, “Yeah, not likely. Dean, you have a lot of unfinished business with Cas. Maybe now is a good time to talk, to get some closure – “
“Let’s go,” Cas smiled.
photos. Dean’s heart did a weird flip-floppy thing that he steadfastly ignored. Much like he ignored the phone with the unanswered message lying next to him on the couch.
at random points in the day. Still felt the urge to rip his hair out and barge to the nurses’ station and demand that he be let out
“Then switch with someone.”
“Well, if you’re running around forever who’s going to get him out?”
Dean fixed his eyes on a spot just behind the screen so he wouldn’t have to look at them.
Castiel scoffed, “Are you scoping out my preferences?”
“Elephants? What the fuck are you talking about Sam?” Dean snapped, “And when did you learn about psychology?” The second question directed at Jack, who just shrugged in a non-committal way and muttered something that sounded a lot like “I am literally God.”
Next chapter will have some more talking and some more sexy times :)
Dean was in a goddamn suit.
“You heard me,” Sam said leaning heavily onto the doorframe, arms crossed over his chest.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted. The name tasted strange on his tongue. He hasn’t spoken it in years. The word hurt his throat.
“Obviously,” Dean smiled flirtatiously. He took a seat at one end of the large dining room table that was meant for all the patients. He flushed with pleasure when Dean collapsed into the seat next to his. The thrill amplified when Dean dragged his chair closer to Castiel’s, the motion causing their knees to brush together. Castiel was suddenly
“There’s a lot I’m endlessly curious about,” Cas said, his voice sounding rougher than usual, “But I am enjoying learning from my observations and experiences.”
“There you are, Dean,” she greeted with a smile, “Charlie asked me to find you.”
“It’s not for me. It’s for you brother. You know, weird guy, about this high, with the eating habits of a toddler,” Meg replied.
look that had crossed over his features when Dean introduced him to the multitude of kitchen equipment, was a mental image Dean was going to hold close for a long fucking time. As the session progressed, however, Cas got more comfortable, confidently rolling up his sleeves, and Dean had tried very hard, and had failed very hard, not to stare at the newly exposed skin, and the deft ways in which his hands - and those
Cas' face asked the question, and Dean's face gave the answer.
"What the Hell else am I supposed to do, here, Cas? Go to therapy? You've been in my fucking head. You know what I've gone through. If I ever make the mistake of processing it, I make sure I wake up the next morning with half a bottle of whiskey in my hand. I have to keep going. I always do, because that's my job." Dean stopped sharply, realizing how loud and upset he was getting. He then looked over at Cas.
Dean always pushed Cas away after making himself vulnerable. It made Dean afraid. This, Cas understood, and was used to.
"Okay, see you soon." Sam hung up.
"What did he look like, ma'am?"
"I just hope you can forgive me for this.
Forever Yours, Dean"
"We're good."
But, that's not an option. So, instead, I'll do what I can to protect you.
"Morning, fellas. Agent Barrett. I'm looking for a guy, probably a bit shorter than me, brown hair, blue eyes. Trenchcoat, suit with a blue tie. Any of this soundin' familiar?"
"Shut up, smartass. I'll investigate the town some more and then we can meet back up at the bunker."
In the morning, Dean visited the hospital. The bodies were pretty nasty, so he talked to the coroner to see what she had to say about it. He flashed her his badge.
Cas supposed Dean had.
It's like having the Mark, again, in a way.
I'm in love with you. Because I'm an awful, shitty guy who fell in love with an actual, literal angel. Like, I should not matter to you. You could do infinitely better things with your time. Sometimes, I'm scared that you know that.
They'd beaten Michael. At least, for now.
Castiel, however, did not let Dean finish. He pulled Dean outside, by the arm, like he weighed nothing.
"Read the book, then the letter. That's all he told me to tell you."
"Forrest Gump ran across the country," Sam corrected him.
This is getting long. I should finish up.
He shifted closer to Dean, trying to meet his eyes.
The inside of Dean's mouth offered some solace and distraction for several minutes. Cas felt freer than he ever had.
"That's not true," Dean interjected.
The eye contact burned, seared Dean, but he couldn't break it. He felt Cas's pain boring into him, felt it deep in his chest. He felt it in the tension building there, in the tightening knot of realization.
Don't wait up for me."
I couldn't live with that.
Cas, you see me deeper than that. I don't think I can hide from you. I can pretend and ignore as much as I want, but you see it all. The good, the bad, the really bad- you've never judged me for it. Instead, you put your own ass out there to protect us.
He did nothing, however, as Castiel ascended the stairs, opened the bunker door, and left.
Dean looked distressed, but Cas also saw something else. Dean looked tired.
"Cas was here. A kid working at a gas station said he'd asked for a map."
As he fell asleep, he figured he'd have nightmares about that ugly green 1996 Ford Taurus he saw parked in front of a house, about half a block from the motel.
"Where is he?" Cas demanded. He barely contained the righteous fury he had for both Winchesters- though mostly the elder- for jumping at every single opportunity to sacrifice themselves.
"Oh, he was pretty tall. Dark hair, blue eyes. Quite attractive," she said, with a bemused expression.
Cas stopped at the hospital to see the bodies, and speak with the coroner.
A soft smile grew on his face, and he wordlessly headed back to his room to get some sleep.
Oh, no. No no no no no. What the fuck? Why would he leave?
They split up at the nearest road to the bunker, after Dean determined that Cas had to have gone on foot-none of the cars were gone out of the garage. They'd headed out by 9:35, as Dean insisted. Sam went east, and Dean west.
Dean also wrote a note for Sam-
I still don't really know if you were, but I've always liked to think that you had wanted me, too. I doubt it, but a man can hope, right? That only works for so long, though.
Please don't take this bad. I know Sam will. Make sure he doesn't do anything dumb, okay?
"I won't let you just admit that you're in love with me and then give in like this. That's not fair."
"We're good," Cas smiled back.
5 people had gone missing in the past month in Bushnell, which was a pretty average size town. 2 had been found in the local forest. With, of course, their hearts removed. Predictably, the police were claiming bear attacks. Cas knew that this surely was a werewolf, but he wasn't sure about how many there would be. He was still a bit unfamiliar with some of the finer details of hunting. He decided he could finally find a way to be useful.
"Yeah, he's my, uh, partner. He just got here earlier than I thought he would. Thanks for your time."
And this was no movie.
He tried to put everything he was feeling into it. It seemed to work, as Dean did the same thing.
Now, he looked more human than ever.
He collapsed onto his knees, stunned and sobbing.
"You say th-"
Forever Yours, Dean
He paused, perhaps waiting for an answer. An apology. Dean felt one on his lips, just
Dean just raised his hand. "Don't even worry, Cas. 'M good."
Unable to find a viable option, he rubbed his face with his hand in resignation.
Dean read through the article. It was from Illinois.
His brow furrowed, as his eyes widened in alarm. "Sam, where's your brother?"
"If anything or anyone else comes up, call me."
In turn, Dean seemed to be warming to Cas more each day- even if he struggled to understand Dean's attempts to relate through references to human cultural interests. It all made that heavy, cold feeling burn hot and light in him like a hydrogen fire.
6 missed calls and 10 unanswered (but read) texts later, Dean sat in the war room with only half of a medium-sized bottle of Jim Beam left. There was a cut covered in dried blood on his right hand, and the remains of a wooden chair meters away.
Michael was destroying Dean from the inside out, like a parasite. And Cas was powerless.
"I need to find him, Sam," Dean sighed sadly.
"I'm taking the case.
The look Dean had was so hopeful, but so uncertain.
None of these happened.
In reality, Cas simply knew what would happen.
Sam sighed. "Cas, he's a grown man, it should be his-"
Cas had always been able to see it in his eyes. Dean was so beautiful, and yet, he carried so much pain. So much fear.
"Did he say anything else?"
And, what I'm trying to say is… damn, why is this so hard to do? I'm just writing the words on a goddamn piece of paper. It's not like I'm saying them out loud.
"Man, all of us have massively fucked up at one point or another. It happens. I mean, we've made it this far."
I love you. A lot. That's a big weight off my chest, even if it's too little too late.
There wasn't.
"Actually, your partner said yesterday that he'd be back this morning, at 8. And, well, he never showed up. Sorry that I forgot, I wrote it down-"
So he decided on Illinois.
Well, he'd be more likely to find a lead on Cas if he went than if he just sat there, he figured.
"On the box, your Enochian was incredibly wrong."
Sam remained in his own room, so far. Doing what, Dean wasn't sure. He didn't know if Sam knew Cas had even left, yet.
Not tearing his gaze from the monster, he quietly climbed out of the car, and stalked after it toward the backyard of the house. The tension built in his gut ominously, and he could hear his own heart racing in the silence.
"Alright. Thanks, kid."
When Cas woke up, it was half past two. He hadn't needed to sleep, of course- he was still an angel. However, he thought it best to put his mind at rest after… after he and Dean…
Eventually, Sam retired to the library to see if they'd missed anything. After that, Jack figured he should get some rest if he wanted to be productive the next day. (Cas pretended not to notice as Jack stealthily snatched a cereal box as he departed.)
Until now.
Dear Cas,
"Pinky promise?" His mouth curved up at the end.
Dean woke up at roughly 9:15 that morning. He stretched his limbs comfortably. He winced a bit at the pop his back let out. He mentally still viewed himself as a 24 year old, not really wanting to accept that he's getting older. Dean blearily opened his eyes, and turned on the light next to his bed. He stopped, noticing the emptiness of the bed. He replayed everything that happened the night before in his mind.
The younger Winchester's brows furrowed in confusion, as he glanced around. Panic creeped across his face.
Castiel was going to tell Dean about his deal with the Empty, but he backed out at the last second. Instead, he pushed it to the back of his mind
"Uh, I think he mighta passed through. Real early this morning."
Unbeknownst to them, Sam accidentally intruded upon this.
"I had to do that, at least once."
He checked into the local motel. By the time he got settled, it was roughly 3:40 AM. Dean showered, ate the burger he'd picked up at the drive-thru, and brushed his teeth. He decided he might as well try praying to Cas again, as he'd done the past two nights.
"I take it these films were influential to you as a child?"
But, you stay with us. You stay with me, Cas, even when it seems like everything is going to absolute horseshit.
I'm in love with you. And I'm a fucking coward. I can't believe I'm telling you this before I-
Cas carefully maneuvered himself out of Dean's bed. He dressed himself, but stopped to look at the picture of Dean and his mother on the bedside table.
There had been no witnesses, and none of the family members had been helpful, either. None of them had any contact with the missing victims, or reported anything strange before their disappearances.
The last missing victim had been a man in his late thirties, Tyrone Hallward. He had 2 children, and a wife, Doria. If he was going to go for any of them, it'd probably be his wife.
"Not really, no. You guys together?"
"I understand if you do not wish to speak about things that bother you, Dean."
Dean sighed thickly. He pulled a small bottle of whiskey out of his duffel, and drank a fifth.
Because if Michael gets control of me again? He's not gonna be forgiving. He's shown me what he's gonna do, to all them, and to you-
Dean almost let out a small sigh of a laugh.
The Angel moved closer. There was a foot and a half between them, now. Dean broke eye contact. Cas didn't.
By the 3rd day, they had found jackshit. Dean was practically scaling the walls with nerves. This was not good at all.
Cas found the hunter carefully carving sigils into a large box, which resembled a casket.
And there was no need to.
He wanted it to be
"I would rather die than go back to that. I would rather die than not be here, with Sam, and Jack, and you. You are my family. So, please, Dean, talk to me."
Tears prickled his eyes.
"Where are you going?" He croaked.
And yes, they'd fooled around before, but that was always under the influence. And they'd never gone this far.
Instead of waiting for an answer, Sam turned around and began running back to his room, pulling out his phone.
"No, you're not. You see, I know you, Dean. You do this every time. Every single time, you hide your pain. Whether it's Hell, or the Mark…" He trailed off, trying to contain his emotions.
Cas had put it together, and circled that Mrs. Hallward had to be next.
Dean, as per usual, pretended that he was fine. He smiled, he laughed, he drank his beer.
Sam couldn't meet his face. Something had to be wrong.
I'm rambling. Sorry.
Well, I think you know. I'm doing my job. This is what I have to do.
I love you, Cas. Don't try to stop me. I've seen you suffer and fucking die too much. Maybe now you can move on with your life.
Instead, he makes eye contact with Dean and, feeling ridiculous-
Dean gave him a waiting look, hoping for some sort of explanation. Cas took a deep breath.
"And we will, Dean. But it may take a while if he really doesn't want us to find him. He could be anywhere in the country."
"I pinky promise."
Not just physically, though the temptation grew with each twitch of Dean's lips and flash of his eyelashes when he felt strongly about something.
One smiled. Once he saw the teeth he knew-
Cas turned to Sam.
He'd shaped Dean with his own hands after pulling what remained of him from Hell, a place he found himself unable to describe with any words in the human vocabulary. There was no relaying what he had seen, what Dean had done, truly.
Cas knew something was wrong when Sam came into the Bunker, silently- and alone.
"Yeah, uh- I'm sure you coulda' guessed, I had a hard time. As a kid." He briefly glanced back up to Cas, before offering a light shrug and finishing the bottle.
The bunker was quiet- silent, in fact.
I thought you were pretty drunk, but was hoping that you weren't, really.
"Hey, uh… I know Cas is still MIA, but if you want to take your mind off it, I found a case. I'll send it to you. Lemme know."
Right as the nachzehrer began monologuing about how excited he was to live in a world without the Winchesters, something caught Cas' eye.
Castiel had been at the side of the Winchester brothers a bit over a year, now, and perhaps it should have ignited some powerful Angelic sense of wrongness in him, the way he wanted to be with Dean.
He finally caught up to the creature. Soundlessly, he raised the silver knife, as the werewolf searched for a way to get into the house. Cas brought down the knife, stabbing it in the throat and then the back- through to where the heart was- in quick succession.
"How do you know he got a car?"
Cas assumed that Sam and Jack hadn't seen Dean flinch every other minute.
It was not that late, at least not for what Cas had judged as typically "late" for Dean, whose nights spent pacing a motel room or behind the steering wheel of his car would stretch until the sun began to rise again through glass windows.
It took him about 45 minutes to find an abandoned car. It was a Ford- a rusty mid 90s beater. Inconspicuous. He accessed his receding Grace, and used as much as he could to unlock the door. By some miracle, he managed to start the car, after three "come on"s and the engine turning over quite a few times. Now, he looked at the map of the United States. Where would the Winchesters think he would go? He was in the center of the country, so anywhere was fair game. He figured that they would think he went as far as possible.
Take care of them, Cas. And take care of yourself.
"Aw, shit," Dean muttered. He put his head in his hands. This couldn't be real. Why'd he pick now, out of any time, to leave? Right after they'd fucked. Well, after Cas fucked him, which just made the situation worse. Dean never really took Cas for a love 'em and leave 'em type, but come on.
The boy managed to find 2 maps, out of a box of things that likely hadn't been opened since the 1980s.
It- it wasn't pretty.
The answer must've been plain from Dean's face, because Sam threw up his arms.
was just as unnecessary.
He drew his gun, and followed the path into the forest behind the house.
There was no turning back now. "In exchange for bringing him back, I told the Empty to take me. But, it told me it would wait to do so." He pulled off the band-aid. Cas simply could not avoid it forever.
Cas' mouth curved upward.
as much as both of them obviously wanted it.
He began to get out of bed, almost forgetting to put on some clothes. Dean wandered into the hallway, and again:
“I feel better. I feel more like a person,” Castiel told her, smiling tiredly.
Castiel rolled his eyes in a perfect imitation of Meg, “Just because most of us here have lost our minds, doesn’t mean we don’t understand that it is also a common phrase.”
“Dean, your heart is beating at an alarming rate,” Cas said, eyes widening slightly in concern.
Dean’s not pathetic
Cas closed his eyes. “I don’t know what to do.”
Castiel, fighting against all of
“Don’t apologize,” Castiel smiled, “And please, I want you to know. I am doing better. I am so much better. You can breathe again and sleep soundly.” Meg said nothing, just smiled and patted the side of his face gently.
“Dean, that sounds hard.” She said, after Dean’s breathing evened out.
Dean smiled despite himself. Of course, Bobby would do that. Of course, he would.
And suddenly, Cas was hurled back six years, to him and Dean in his uncle Bobby’s hunting cabin. They’d decided to do a romantic weekend one summer. They’d barely been there three hours before the water heater in the pantry burst, flooding the kitchen.
Castiel’s Sunday had passed in a blur. He’d fallen behind on his task for the group session that was going to happen on Monday, so he spent the majority of the day at the little desk in his room. He wrote, scratched out, wrote again and then tore pages out of the notebook and threw them violently at the little waste basket at the foot of his bed. He tugged at his hair, he chewed his bottom lip, he paced, but the words never came easier. The words scratched at a raw part of him as they stumbled inelegantly from his pen onto the page.
“Something interesting started happening in the forty-eight hours before you fully woke up,” Amara continued. “You started talking about fetching Sam from school and about a car you were working on at Mr Singer’s garage. Your memory started going
“It doesn’t mean you should see them,” Meg squeezed Castiel’s hand.
“There is a lot we need to work on here, but we still need to talk a little bit more, okay?”
Dean took control of the situation. He dialed Billie’s number to find out where he should switch off the water and talk about next steps. Meanwhile, Cas walked over to the bed and grabbed his clothes that had been strewn on the bed. He grimaced when he realized it was his last clean pair of boxers and his only clean t-shirt that was not Dean’s old shirt. He was grateful that none of his electronics seemed to have sustained any damage. He piled everything dry into his suitcase and carried it over to the couch in the living area. He then returned to his room to strip the bed of the wet sheets and pillowcases, he piled these with his sopping clothes and tossed them into the washer.
“And, you will be able to do that shortly, I just need to get your medical check out of the way.”
“I love you very much, Gabe. You, yourself, have not had an easy life, and of course, that affected you. You don’t like staying in the same place for too long, because you fear the feeling of being stuck again, but you did stay for me when you could. When you were in a position to do that. You only left when I asked you to, when I was an adult myself. You’ve always come when I needed you, Gabriel, and that outweighs any other ill-perceived sin you might be berating yourself for.”
“Cas?” Dean whispered, uncertainty doing weird things to the cadence of his voice.
This was the third time Dean had seen Bobby since his memories returned. And Dean was one hundred percent sure that he wouldn’t have made it through the previous fourteen days if it hadn’t been for those visits and the phone calls.
That evening, as the two retired to their room for the night, Dean’s chest felt lighter than he remembered it being for a long time.
Cas stared ahead of him. This could not be happening. There was just no way the universe hated him this much.
“No,” he responded, “this definitely happened.”
“Aren’t you supposed to say I’ve got to do it for myself,” Dean sighed, a sad half smile pulling at his lips.
“Dude, this must be terrifying,” Dean said under his breath as he watched Jody’s nervous pacing.
“You’re the shiny wheels. We are the shiny wheels. Us. What we had...have,” Dean replied, thinking that he was excellent at giving very clear explanations of a nuanced language to fallen angels. He should write a book.
“Cas?” The relief was turning to ice in Dean’s veins. He placed both his hands on either side of Cas’ face and shook the man gently. But Cas did not stir. Dean felt a new wave of wild terror threaten to drown him. He swiveled and turned to the other three members of his family:
The title of this chapter comes from the song
There was a beat of silence. Then another. She said nothing, just stared at him with a friendly, relaxed expression. Dean’s heart rate picked up.
“Definitely the way we do it,” Dean agreed laughing, he placed a chaste kiss on Cas’ temple.
“And I know that I’ve been away, but I needed to deal with myself and some shit so that I could be strong enough… But Sammy, I am better now. I’m solid. I can carry us both. And when you wake up, I promise, we’re going to work this out. We’re going to get help, and I will spend every minute you need helping you recover.”
“Ignoring your trauma doesn’t make you healthy,” Missouri chided.
“I used to come here a lot,” Dean said, as he slung his arm around Cas. Cas sighed happily and leaned into Dean’s side, resting his head on his shoulder. Dean doubted he would ever lose the thrill he felt every time he was reminded of how perfectly they seemed to fit together.
Dean grumbled as he pulled them up.
Castiel knew despite this small step forward, he still wasn’t where he needed to be. He was still deeply lonely. A lifetime of rejecting any form of closeness or intimacy in fear of someone
So, that is how after two days of silence Dean found himself knocking on his brother’s door in the middle of the night… again. Sam opened the door faster than Dean was expecting, he must still have been awake, and he heard a small gasp coming from inside the room.
Cas rolled his eyes again before muttering something incoherently.
“Cas – I don’t – “
“Really?” Bobby and Cas asked simultaneously.
“Some people know what they want, even when they're young,” Dean said coolly.
“Yeah. Well, Jody and I are the only ones who haven’t. Everyone else has passed the halfway mark. Max is actually being released in a week from tomorrow.”
Content and Trigger Warnings: panic attacks, mentions of car accident, mentions of physical abuse.
The last stage would be for Sam to start waking up and actually being aware of who he was and his surroundings. Although, apparently, he was very likely to be agitated and confused for the first couple of days or weeks.
“Put him in my room Jack, please, ” Dean asked quietly, looking at the floor.
“Castiel, are you still suicidal?” she had asked, completely straightforward. Her eyes trained on his face in a manner that had made him squirm. He was not used to being the center of the concentrated attention of another human being.  He’d spent far too long learning how to melt into the shadows to understand what to do with the spotlight cast by an unwavering look.
“Dean?” Sam asked groggily, opening the door to his room, “What time is it?”
The headache exploded, suddenly demanding all of Castiel’s attention. “They want to see me?”
Dean, seeing it resting there, was overcome with emotion again and he was crying openly as he pulled Cas in again. They kissed long and slow. He could taste the saltiness of their mixed tears on his tongue. But that wasn’t all, Cas tasted like hope, like contentment.
“What?” Dean asked, “What am I missing?”
They were all together.
“I am a demigod, naturally,” he grinned. Castiel laughed lightly, and the two of them walked over to the kitchenette.
“You told me he was safe.”
Cas almost screamed in frustration. He just needed to talk to Dean. He just needed to explain. They’d been okay for a second there, they could be again. Dean might not want him in a romantic sense again, but maybe they could be friends.
And admittedly, there were times that he was honestly enjoying himself – these times usually happened when a certain blue-eyed character was at the center. Dean and Cas spent quite a lot of time together, but not as much as he would have originally guessed (or admittedly wanted) when he initially found out that they were going to be roommates. Their days were usually spent with the others, in sessions, in activities or just chatting in the
“Okay,” Castiel conceded, “you are correct. Something did happen, but it’s nothing of great import.”
“Yeah?”
, Dean was supposed to have shared his life story the previous week, when he reached the midpoint of his program, but given the lack of progress in the memory department, Missouri had agreed that Dean would be allowed to wait until such a time when those lost memories clicked back into place. It was unfair to depict the story when pieces were missing.
Claire won that game, and Dean swore that he would redeem his honor.
Gabriel looked at him for a long time, and Castiel could see the exact second his words sunk in. Gabriel exhaled sharply and closed his eyes. A single tear dripped down his face. And when he finally opened them again, there was a light there that Castiel hadn’t seen since before he moved out. Gabriel looked whole again.
Dean. He got increasingly anxious, his heart slamming in his chest and his blood pounding in his ears, as he watched Stevie dial. He wanted to get back to Dean. He wanted Stevie to get back to Dean.
A deep sense of comfort washed through Dean as he tightened his hold on Cas. It was a quick kiss, but Dean still felt a little dizzy when he pulled away. He cupped Cas’ cheek in his hand, swiping over the soft skin on his cheekbone with his thumb.
“Well fuck,” Dean said into the silence, and a low chuckle escaped from him, he darted his eyes up to Cas and the angel was grinning down at him, amusement making his features seem softer.
“It’s hard to be anywhere these days when all I want is you,” Dean admitted before pressing another kiss to Castiel’s lips -this one more urgent and heated. Dean bit Castiel’s bottom lip as he rolled his hips forward. Castiel gasped and hissed a little when they rubbed against each other. Even through the multiple layers of clothing separating them, the feeling was unearthly.
She spoke about her first love, Sean, and how, despite the odds, they managed a long-distance relationship through college and how they got married when they both returned to South Dakota after graduating. She joined the police force, and he got a job at a bank. And soon after, they had a little boy, Owen.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel held his breath for seven seconds, focusing on the feeling of fullness in his diaphragm.
“I’ve put him somewhere outside space and time. A little pocket I carved for him. I healed his vessel and am keeping it safe for when he comes home,” Jacks glances between Sam and Dean, “was that the right thing to do?”
“Morning Sunshine,” Dean slurred, still half drunk on sleep.
did not cry through, Eileen officially joined the Winchester family that she had unofficially been a part of for a long time. She kept her own name, though. Obviously.
Dean lowered his hand and started scratching down Cas’ back. Cas let out a low growling sound and Dean felt the angel harden against his hip.
Castiel was just starting to get genuinely concerned about the dark shadows pooling under Dean’s exhaustion-heavy eyes when good news arrived from Sam’s hospital.
“Would it help if I started?” Cas asked, voice low. Dean opened his eyes and looked at Cas again, the itchy feeling intesifying.
Something had happened to Sam. Something had happened to Dean’s brother, the person he had sacrificed everything for. He was the person he loved the most in the world. Something so bad had happened that Dean’s brain had literally shut it out, had tried to carve the memories from his mind.
This. This was why he didn’t cook. He had to be the only twenty-eight-year-old who burned himself making fucking pasta.
“Oh, fuck,” she whispered, “I shouldn’t have said that.”
Dean wiped a stray tear with the back of his hand before sitting up straight and nodding at her.
I just wanted to extended my deepest gratitude to Hellbreaker42! Thank you for taking the time to always check my work, for making me laugh with your comments and spending time helping me when you are so busy! I really appreciate it.
Rightio, lets take a look at Cas' final days at
It was too much.
“It is really nothing of major consequence,” Cas cleared his throat again.
“Hey!” He smiled at Castiel, green eyes shining bright.
Castiel felt his heart stutter in his chest, “He came?”
“Thanks, buddy.”
Please see end notes for trigger warnings.
She nodded. “I thought as much. But I would like you to reconsider.”
And Castiel felt everything.
“Thanks buddy,” Sam smiled and gesturing to an empty seat next to Dean for Jack to sit.
Dean was trying to remain calm. He was clinging to the thing that had shuttered his mind for so long. Castiel could feel the tension rolling off him in waves.
Because that was the night that Dean Winchester remembered everything.
He was happier than he had been in quite some time, while still plagued with a terrifying abyss that hung over every move he made. He was elated yet terrified, excited yet fearful, and the warring emotions were very draining in their intensity. Dean felt like he was holding something made of glass while crossing a cobblestone and potholed terrain, scared to drop it but forced to move.
But of course, it did.
“Uh, it’s an anti-possession symbol,” Dean blurted out, trying to diffuse the pressure that felt like it was wrapping around his windpipe.
Something hot shot through Dean, and he was suddenly very on board with being late. He grinned, and before Cas got another word out, Dean was on him, pressing his lips to his. Cas let out a breathy sigh as they drew apart, and Dean nipped soft, teasing kisses along his jaw.
“So, you were definitely a dick to the guy then,” Sam sounded so goddamn sure of himself. It was annoying.
Long after Dean had assumed Cas had fallen asleep, Cas whispered into the comforting blackness, “Thank you, Dean.”
“Castiel, what’s wrong?” Stevie asked the second he appeared in her line of sight. He was panting and jittery as he stopped in the doorway.
“Sam. He needed me to protect him initially, and I wasn’t there. He needed me after, and I was too chicken shit to deal with it and you just let me…” Dean couldn’t find the words.
Therapy was hard. Facing his trauma was hard. Unlearning was
She told the story of how, one night she was working late when a fourteen-year-old teenage runaway stumbled into her precinct, all untamed hair and wild eyes. She spoke of how the runaway, Alex, didn’t trust anyone, but began to begrudgingly trust her, and how she eventually came to adopt her.
gone, obviously, but he must have disappeared into his room because the lounge was empty and achingly quiet.
Dean looked at Castiel with wide eyes before he slowly leaned forward and pressed his lips to Castiel’s. It wasn’t like the previous night; there was no desperation, no running from, just running towards. The kiss was passive and gentle.
“But you can stay longer if you want to,” Dean whispered, holding on to Cas’ hand as tightly as he could.
“I’m not sure that’s the greatest idea. I’ve made a lot of mistakes, man. I ain’t exactly a role model,” Dean shrugged.
“Hey, sweetheart, you miss me?” Dean grinned down at Cas. Cas nodded quickly and pulled Dean closer, crushing their lips together.
“Shut up Cas. Just shut all the way up.”
Dean had gaped at her.
“And whatever you need from me, Dean, you got it, okay? If you need to go back sooner, I’ll look after Sam when you go. I’ll stay with him.” Bobby said softly.
Castiel nodded encouragingly, as he gently pulled Dean from where he was all but crumpled on the floor. Dean followed his guidance. He directed Dean onto his own bed and took a seat next to him. He gingerly brushed some hair from Dean’s forehead. “You said so earlier.”
Next week: The truth about the break up finally comes to light!
“I am a harbinger of truth, Dean.”
“Hey,” Sam protested.
“You’re not?”
“Oh, fuck no,” Dean grinned devilishly, his hand running lower until he gripped Castiel’s hip possesively.
“No, not this morning,” Castiel felt warm when Dean smiled at this. “I just needed the bathroom.”
Figures.
“I’ve been here a week now, sleeping in the same room as you for five nights, and every single morning you leave before the sun is even up, and then you come back here looking all zen and shit,” Dean continued as if Castiel hadn’t even spoken. “Like, is there a secret club or something that I’m not a part of? Because I gotta say man, I’m starting to feel very left out.”
Cas chuckled, “My apologies, Dean.”
Cas lifted his hands and placed one on either side of the doorframe, so that his arms stretched the length of the doorway, completely blocking Dean from leaving and making it impossible for Dean to shut the door on him.
when Cas looks at him.
Cas went rigid at first, the gesture having thrown him off guard, but after a few painful heartbeats, he slowly raised his arms and pulled Dean into him, arms tight around Dean’s back. Dean thought he was about to cry with relief.
Cas tried not to seem as interested as he was in every detail Dean was willing to share. He was drinking in the information, filing it away, letting it slip and fit in between the information he knew, that he’d gleaned from Dean’s social media and passing comments from Charlie.
As she walked past him and behind the reception desk, he noticed that she was pushing earphones into the pocket of her scrubs.
He was entertaining these thoughts when he reached his door. He felt a strange desire to knock, although technically, it was his room too. He sighed as he gently opened it.
The title of this chapter comes from the song
“You can wait in his room; you’ve practically been living there. Well, your vessel at least,” Sam said, as he grabbed a bag of pre-popped popcorn from the cupboard.
“No, not at all,” Dean admitted, going against every instinct as he admitted: “I’m really scared, Cas.”
Cas lifted his hand and gently knocked on Dean’s door. The sound was dull and timid. There was no way Dean would have heard that if he had earphones in or if he was napping. He was just about to knock again, when Dean opened the door. His hair was rumpled like he’s been lying down, but there was no haze of grogginess floating through his eyes. So he hadn’t been sleeping. Those eyes, however, were trained on him.
. But he doesn’t get to give Cas the silent treatment. Not after Cas has been the only one trying. Dean had ignored all his attempts to reach out over the past five years. He doesn’t get to ignore him now too.
The title of this chapter comes from the song
to touch Castiel wherever he could. Castiel was flying.
“Uhh… Sam had Model UN after school so I had to fetch him later than usual, and it was dark by the time he got in the car. But, I don’t remember getting home or anything,” Dean had mumbled. But, the more Dean had thought about it, the more he had found the memory strange. In his mind’s eye, he could see Sam getting into the Impala, the front seat fully taken up with his gangly limbs and his loud voice as he started talking before, he was even fully seated. And then, it goes dark. No fade to black, no haziness, just complete and utter darkness like someone had violently pulled a shutter down in his brain.
“Gross,” Sam wrinkled his nose. “Sorry, for my brother,” Sam said while he signed.
And that he kept waking up.
“I don’t know how he got his body back last time,” Jack says, annoyance clear in his demeanor, “but vessels can’t pass into the Empty. It’s only the life force that passes through. So, his vessel was there, on the outskirts.”
Castiel took a deep breath, “You are extraordinary, and what I feel for you…”
“And with Sam?”
by The Honorary Title.
Enjoy!
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, “Look, I know I’ve been a dick. I guess it’s my turn to extend an olive branch.”
Home.
Cas coughed and mumbled something that sounded like
Dean had not handled the news very well.
Dean tried not to remember the face Cas had made when he saw him yesterday, tried not to think of the horrified look he’d sent Dean’s way, the clipped and disinterested tone he’d used when speaking to him.
“What am I supposed to do?” Dean screamed at the top of his lungs, agony ripping through him. He whirled on the tree his fist, attached to the arm whose shoulder was still in tact, connecting with the bark before he remembered giving his brain the command to do so.
Dean reached towards him, taking both hands in his. Castiel let him, and his ocean eyes did not move from where they were staring at their interlinked hands.
to believe what he was saying.
“Yes, I know, but Dean doesn’t need to. Not right now at least,” Sam said. Cas smiled weakly at him and then Sam was gone.
He could not make out the words, could not make out who he was shouting at. All he could hear was the cadence, the blend of blind panic and outrage.
Dean flew across the room and wrapped his arms around Cas. He hissed a second later when the hot coffee that Cas had been holding spilled on to the bare skin of his stomach.
Dean made a strangled sort of sound as he threw himself bodily at Castiel.
Cas couldn’t read the expression on Dean’s face. Dean looked at him for a few seconds longer before clearing his throat, “Why don’t you come keep me company while I cook, and you can tell me all about it?”
with you, near you… but I couldn’t focus on it because  then we had the kid, and the next mission in the apocalypse world and Michael and ...” he trailed off. Dean eased up on the pressure he was using to dig his fingers into his lap.
“For bacon?” Castiel asked as he pulled on his shoes.
He definitely never wanted to let Cas go.
Dean, whose mouth was a little too full of toothpaste to respond, mumbled something he hoped sounded like an agreement.
“Where are we going?” Castiel asked while being half dragged away.
Not that Dean would want to rekindle it if he was given the choice. Not really. Cas leaving him broke something in him he’s spent the last five years desperately trying to fix.
Adam, who had been admitted with schizophrenia with visual hallucinations of seeing the Archangel Michael, was also teary as he waved goodbye to those who were remaining. Castiel had never spent too much time with him, therefore, he was surprised at the sadness his departure evoked in him.
“Claire,” Cas reprimanded her. Dean saw the exact moment realization dawned on her face.
“You just don’t use metaphors often,” Dean explained.
Charlie laughed and walked out the door.
Dean nodded as he started thinking of what the best stories would be to record.
“May I?”
“Stop that,” Dean said softly, gently pulling Castiel’s hand away, “You’re making sense. You needed to be stabilized before you had surgery. And the six weeks was allowing you to become strong enough to admit that you needed surgery, that there were things you had to address outside of the bleeding.”
“Why are you half naked?” Dean all but growled while still refusing to lift his eyes.
Dean looked relieved. Castiel’s heart clenched painfully at the fraternal word. He didn’t like the idea of this particular man seeing him in that way.
Please see the end notes for Trigger Warnings
The walk back to his room was rather stressful. He really wanted Dean to be there. He really wanted to put his arms around him, comfort him, make him feel safe the way Dean had done for him so many times. But the closer the wooden door came, the more he was convinced that he had been wrong to think Dean would go to the room, that he would continue playing this game of hide-and-seek.
His voice cracked on his brother’s name.
Dean felt as if he had just inhaled an entire tank of helium, even if all he could see was Cas’ back.
Meg cracked a gleeful grin at him and then turned the stereo as loud as it could go.
He was not excited about leaving Dean, though.
“Why are you even considering seeing them then?” Dean whispered after Castiel was more composed.
“Hey!” Dean interrupted, suddenly annoyed, “I’m a joy to be around.”
him since. No engagement, no shouting...nothing. The few times he left his room yesterday, he’d glowered at Cas, his expression promising dangerous consequences if Cas dared to speak to him.
Dean realized that if his fear constricted any tighter around his lungs, he would pass out from oxygen deprivation.
“Dean, look at me.” The hunter hadn’t realized he had closed his eyes, so he opened them, and Cas was looking at him with a ferocity that was overwhelming in both its novelty and its intensity.
“Have a good night, boys,” she greeted as she left.
After Castiel had taken care of the Rit Zein, Ephrahim, Dean had offered to drive him home. In retrospect, that was probably a bad idea, but it was an idea Dean had stubbornly followed through with. The car trip had led to the very uncomfortable conversation in which Castiel had revealed that he was currently living at the Gas-N-Sip.
Every. Fucking. Time
Dean followed his gaze and his breath caught in his throat.
No, it wasn’t a reunion, but it still somehow felt like coming home.
police?!”
Cas stuck his hands in the pockets of his slacks to hide the fact that they were shaking. “I’m not?”
He settled onto the couch. Time passed, dragging slowly, but he didn’t even turn on the TV. Cas just kept glaring at Dean’s door. His eyes narrowed as he watched a shadow pass over the dull light streaming under the door. Dean opened it slightly, and if Cas’ sole focus hadn’t been on that godforsaken door, he might have missed the green eye peeking through the sliver between it and the wall.
Dean dropped his phone next to him on the bed and stared unseeingly out the small window. He knew he promised Cas that they would talk today, but he’d mostly just said that to get Cas to
Dean felt like he could breathe again. He hated it. Dean desperately wanted Cas to touch him again.
Because, of course-- of fucking course! The universe really hated Dean, and after this grueling day, it thought it best to end the experience with a giant
“Sammy,” Dean looked at his brother, and the question that had been haunting him since he woke up sweating in his shared room at
“One can be both things,” Cas conceded.
When the woman answered, he asked if there was any chance the apartment buildings weren’t fully booked because, perhaps, he could isolate alone. Billie told him that, unfortunately, no, that would not be an option. The entire block of apartments was fully booked. As he was about to hang up, Billie told him the other resident, his temporary roommate, had already checked in and Cas just had to knock on the door when he arrived. Cas thanked her before hanging up.
Dean wanted to agree but everything inside him felt like it was on fire. He was so
Especially because it was so new for Cas.
Dean had known this was coming. Of course he had known. But now that her steady gaze was locked on his, her brown eyes serious and open, he felt all the questions vanish from his mind, vacuumed up until the only thing that was left in his mind were words she had already addressed.
When they broke apart for air, Dean had a wild look in his eyes as he watched Castiel. His kiss-swollen lips were slightly parted as he gulped in oxygen. Castiel was sure his appearance was a mirror to Dean’s.
Avoidance. The coping strategy of champions.
“It’s Dean. He remembered.”
Thank you again to all those who've left kudos on this work! And particularly to those who have let comments, it really makes me so unbelievably happy.
“Cas, seriously, what’s going on?” Meg asked.
“As you wish.”
“And if you want to… And if you want to be here with us. To live with us and let us raise you and look out for you the way they always had,” he said, pointing at Sam and Cas, “and the way that I failed to do. We would really like that.”
Mercifully, when he entered the main living area, which was directly outside his room, it was empty. Cas must not be awake yet. And if Dean stopped outside Cas’ door, it was to listen for footsteps to confirm this, not because he wanted to see him. Absolutely not.
“No, don’t,” Castiel pleaded. He could not bear to think of another person feeling any sort of guilt because of him.
Things had been looking up. Dean had helped Cas, had calmed him down, they had dinner, they talked
And then it just disappeared, dissolved. She had stepped right out after a letter from a university in Ireland arrived in her mailbox. They had discussed it, and came to the realization that long-distance wasn’t something either of them wanted or knew how to make work. They ended amicably enough, but Dean had not tried to stay in contact. Being near her without being with her was not a pain that he had been willing to self-inflict.
He closed his copy of
“I know how you see yourself Dean,” Cas started, and Dean snapped himself back. He couldn’t listen to this again. He barely survived it the first time. He cleared his throat loudly and hurried to Cas, very pointedly ignoring Cas’ dream version of him. The silence emanating from him was deafening. Dean was definitely not ready for the effect of seeing Cas’ eyes would have on him. The relief felt like a wave, drowning out everything else except the sharp, crystal blue of the angel’s painfully familiar eyes looking at him. It took longer than Dean will ever admit for him to register the confusion on Cas’ face as he looked between Dean and the dream version of Dean.
Cas, much to Dean’s dismay, did not join him in the shower but rather waited for him in Dean’s room. To make matters worse, Cas was fully clothed up to the trench coat by the time Dean walked back in.
Dean sighed heavily. He watched as Sam tapped Eileen’s shoulder and signed something to her.
“Are you ready?” Dean asked.
“Just being honest,” Meg shrugged.
Dean’s breath hitched and Sam’s eyes widened in disbelief.
Dean wiped at his watery eyes. At some point, he was going to stop crying all the goddamn time.
“You have…?” Dean asked dumbly, and he tried very hard to bring his breathing under control.
Also, a shout out to my best friend, who is a medical student, who talked me through the different stages of a coma. She didn't know it was for this fic but it really was brilliant information. If I have completely misunderstood what she was saying, she will likely inform me when she reads this, and then I will correct it. If you read it before she does, I am sorry if the information is incorrect. I love you L!
“No, Dean. I didn’t, but that doesn’t mean he didn’t know."
“No, I’m serious. I was so anxious when you left last night, and I’ve missed you today,” Castiel admitted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas laughed softly and placed his arm around Dean’s shoulders, drawing him closer. Dean settled his head on Cas’ shoulder, reveling in how familiar it all felt. With his free hand, Cas twined his hand with Dean’s where it lay in his lap.
TW: This Epilogue deals with Dean's death and his journey to Heaven.
much worse, was that it wasn’t even a
“Well, breakfast is in five minutes,” she said as she headed towards the door, “Better get there before Claire and Adam eat all of the bacon.”
Cas, however, has always had almost no survival instincts, so he’d pushed anyway. Whenever Dean was in the living area or kitchenette, he kept trying to get Dean to talk to him or, at the very least, acknowledge him. He tried to do this in a way that wouldn’t broadcast how obviously desperate Cas was to just interact with Dean. Which, naturally, he was ridiculously bad at, but Dean hadn’t paid enough attention to notice Cas’ desperation.
That was not what he had planned on saying. As in at all.
There was absolutely no denying it anymore; Dean was ridiculously obsessed with this strange and quiet man that had entered into his life. He wanted to keep seeing that smile, keep
“John wasn’t really around. As the drinking got worse, he disappeared for longer periods. It started as a night here and there, but by then, he would be gone for weeks at a time. It was one of the main reasons I was able to get guardianship of Sam when I was eighteen.”
“You do realize that, as the child, it is not your responsibility to “manage” or “deal with” a parent, right?”
needed
“You too, Cas.”
Dean was not sure how long they stayed like that, a frantic constellation of clinging limbs, but he did eventually hear his brother clear his throat.
Obviously.
“No,” Castiel interrupted, “You did everything right. Scout’s honor. And, uhm, thank you, Dean. Thank you for listening and thank you for caring.”
“So, you and Dean are roommates?” Meg asked, her eyes guarded.
Now, onwards... Let's see how Dean lost his memories.
Castiel cracked open an eye and watched as Gabriel slid down the door of the built-in cupboard and dropped heavily onto the ground.
Dean turned to look at Sam and Eileen and gave them a small smile as he finished drinking the purple potion thing Sam had cooked up.
“That’s kind of you,” Cas said.
Sam looked like he wanted to argue, but exhaustion was evidently settling around him, so he just nodded.
“Dean,” Cas breathed. It was the first time he had spoken since Amara started talking. “It is, of course, your choice, but I think Amara is right.”
Dean got up and headed out the door, ready to start looking when a very familiar sound echoed through the halls.
“But, I need you to tell me exactly what you remember.”
Bobby grunted his acknowledgment.
They held on to each other.
“Yes, I can only get into the outskirts. But it’s kind of like a moat around the actual Empty. I could hear some of the thoughts of those on the other side, I could hear their dreams, but I couldn’t see anyone. I did…” Jack stopped short and furtively glanced at Dean.
Castiel could feel the warmth of a blush reaching Dean’s cheek where it was pressed into his chest.
“Jack? Could you put me to sleep?” Dean asked as he flopped onto the couch.
I checked with the neurologists who ordered scans and there was no physical reason for your memories to be disappearing. It was all mental.”
“I’ve got you. You’re safe. But Cas, you need to wake up.
“Tomorrow,” Dean agreed and then closed his door.
They shared the dimly lit space like this deeper into the night. Dean laughed at his own jokes, particularly when Castiel was confused by them, and their thighs brushed when Dean leaned in close to explain.
Just, make sure they're all okay. Please. This is what I'm asking you to do.
He sighed, dropped his phone back onto the table, and took another shot of liquor.
No- he was expecting some type of cop-out. A deathbed confession, maybe, similar to what Cas pulled a few years before.
And so they arrived at the only bar in this small Ohio town, just far enough south that Dean muttered that he should've left the jacket at the motel as they climbed out of the car.
Castiel sat up a bit, and pressed his hands to his head. He stopped his movements when he heard the rustling next to him. Dean-good Lord, still naked, which made Cas realize he was as well-turned over, to face away from him. If Cas shifted up more, he could see Dean's face. He looked more tranquil than Castiel had seen him in a long time.
And make sure Jack knows I don't hate him. I'm way too hard on him, I know. He's a good kid. When I look at him, he reminds me of you. It's crazy. He's got a good heart.
Besides from an idea of where he was, Castiel needed a car. He'd always had to use his Grace, considering he didn't know how to hot-wire a car. The problem was he didn't know if he even had enough Grace left.
He'd figure it out eventually, though, and yell everything at Dean that Dean already knew.
Sam knew better than to fight with him over it.
No, those were monsters, he realized.
"Cas, I'm s-"
"You're letting him do this."
Unfortunately, they had to part.
He instantly felt guilty. Why would he put that on Dean? Why right now, when he's already going through so much? Now, Dean will be worried about him.
I wanted my brother safe, and I wanted you.
Dean was looking at him like…
Dean ran over to Cas like his life depended on it.
The Angel moved towards the younger Winchester.
Dean checked his phone again, knowing fully well that there would be nothing new.
"Listen to me, please."
It was the same exact facial expression he wore now.
Which meant he could easily stop the werewolves by waiting.
Well, he thought, what would Dean do?
"Where's Cas?"
"You saw that other world, Cas. I can't let that happen here. You'd do the same."
After basking in a few minutes of silence, processing, he snapped- smashing a wooden chair into pieces. Splinters scattered across the floor, and Dean realized his right hand was bleeding. He ignored it, retrieved a bottle from the kitchen, and sat himself down in the war room.
Dean thinks, and rubs his forehead tiredly with one hand, trying to keep his cool, trying to stay calm. Cas, at least, is still standing in front of him, which is progress, he supposes, because the angel hasn't up and disappeared on him like he would have in the past.
"Great. Maybe next time we can do it with a little less pain? I'm always breaking things, thanks to you guys."
holding up okay?" he asks, and it's oddly reminiscent of that moment they had before in the car (
"Like I know where your dear little Castiel is."
part. Garth's boat had still been warded against Crowley, against
The hospital is so quiet this late at night, so solemn. The only sound is the steady
There's still a sense of sadness to his words, but Dean looks resolved, like this is what he's wanted to say, but never could. Charlie's eyes flick to Cas, who is not looking at her, but at Dean, and Charlie knows immediately that she didn't make a mistake before, that she didn't misunderstand, didn't over analyze the situation, because the way that Cas is looking at Dean is so filled with passion that she almost wants to just shove the two of them in a room and leave them alone for hours.
