"Bruce is in on this?!" she exclaimed, examining the box with her fingers, finding the controlpad. Wanda was still touching the glass, scarlet-flashing eyes locked on the bot-person's face. "How do we get it out?"
He still didn't know shit about keeping a four and a half year old entertained for over ten minutes.
When Natasha shifted so she was holding Emma more comfortably, Clint pressed the button for their floor, and waited. And waited. Finally, Natasha took a deep breath.
"So not everything's on him. It's the benefits of having a team: you get to divide responsibility, most of the time."
"Pleeease?" she pleaded.
She shrugged. "I just don't think I'd ever have the time or the stamina. How my mom raised all those kids with barely any help honestly baffles me to this day."
"Is he sentient?" Clint repeated, louder for good measure. "Nobody answered me."
Emma attempted to shift her weight, only to yelp in pain. Quickly, Clint helped her back down into the least painful position.
"C'mon, we barely ever go out! I love snuggling with you and watching shows, but we need to go outside sometimes." Damian made a frustrated noise.
"Oh yeah, you betcha. Jarvis protested like a true son of yours," Emma snorted, still not looking away from the smooth lines of the human-looking thing in front of her.
"And how far into that circle would I have to go?" Natasha asked a little carefully. She'd been working with Shield for a very long time, and they rarely asked her to use her hard-earned seduction skills. If this Angus Russell was as high up as Coulson suggested, however, she was sure Shield would want to pull out all the stops to catch him.
"What are you doing!" Tony hissed, but it was just the distraction he didn't know he needed, because the Iron Man suit flew over Hulk's head as he turned to look at Emma again. She exhaled when she saw Tony jump into the suit, but the Hulk was still looking at her, confused and angry and without a clue as to who she was.
"How're you feeling?" Clint asked Bruce, brushing a hand over Emma's hair with a smile.
Natasha looked down at the dozing Emma, and took a deep, calming breath.
," she said with a slight laugh. "You're being really happy. Get laid much?"
"That what we're thinkin'?" Clint drawled in a terrible attempt at a New Jersey accent. Coulson smacked his lips together, and Natasha scoffed at him.
So yeah, I'm sorry if the chapter is choppy or anything, but I've been writing this in stops and starts since May, so hopefully the next chap will run smoother!
Natasha pursed her lips, but she seemed pleased by the 'mom' part. Gently, like she was scared she'd just hurt her more, the older redhead brushed a few curls out of Emma's face, and Emma got a determined look on her face. She pulled Natasha onto the couch, and then proceeded to splay out on top of her. Her coppery hair had been tossed out over Natasha's stomach, her arm curled around her waist, and her leg tossed over Natasha's.
"I don't trust that," he said, nodding towards Vision with a frown on his face. "What if he does like Ultron and tries to kill?"
The moment the doors closed, the tension in the room evaporated, and Natasha turned to look back at them.
"I wasn't scared shitless... I was nervous. His one dad can pick my arm apart in seconds and the other one can hurt me in other, freakier ways. I dislike fucking up missions."
," he muttered silently in Russian, without even opening his eyes, the third time she came in, as Natasha laid a hand on Emma's ribcage. It was comforting to hear her breathe, but it was even more reassuring when she could feel it.
"I am programmed to find information and attempt to connect. Seeing as it is your native language, I thought it would be... nice," they said a little tenatively.
"Criminally too many," she laughed. "I know you're rich, asshole, that's not my point. It's too expensive for me not to feel guilty about letting you buy it for me. If if had been like, twenty bucks, I'd still feel a little guilty, but I'd let you. But it isn't twenty, it's 170 dollars. I grew up in a circus. I didn't own more than two pairs of pants for a good chunk of my life. My family get away with it because they're my family. Also Tony once made me look at his estimated net worth until I let him buy Victoria a new bed for the living room."
"It's starting to make me itch. So yeah."
"You bet, sweetheart. We'll bust him out of the box," he agreed, grabbing her hand and pressing a kiss to her knuckles. "How about a bed? Yours or ours?"
"Okay, yeah, good point," Bruce said, a dazzled smile on his face. "Hi. How are you feeling?"
"Mister Maximoff is just fast enough that my sensors have trouble catching him, but the socks in question seem to have mysteriously disappeared after Miss Emma and Mister Maximoff had an argument," Jarvis answered simply. Clint waved Bucky off.
"Sure," he shrugged, and pushed a stepping stool into the kitchen island, motioning for Peter to scramble up as he opened a cabinet where he knew Steve kept his cookbooks. "What do you wanna bake?"
"Good. We got a mission, though, so we're leaving in four days," he said seriously. At Emma's worried face, he held his hand up. "Don't worry, it's just a little undercover work to get our feet wet again after our relax-period. It's not gonna be that dangerous. We'll call whenever we have the chance."
"I wasn't mean!" Emma exclaimed incredulously.
"Oh." Vision walked up to the sparring mats behind her.
"Bucky!" Peter squealed and scrambled over the back of the couch, earning him a sharp intake of breath from Steve before he righted himself again and dashed right into the solid muscle that was Bucky's legs. Bucky felt that twinge of fear flare up and then quiet down.
"No?" he murmured into the skin right behind her ear, making her shiver.
"Hey, Vision, your dad's looking for you," Clint said when he'd wrapped an arm around Emma's shoulders.
Anyway, she didn't want to fight him, and she knew that the kitchen island, where she usually dropped down, was occupied, so she crawled over to the vent in the living room and dropped down there instead, dropping down into the couch and immediately sprawling out. The tv was playing an episode of Ben 10, it looked like, and she mentally shrugged.
"What?" she asked.
"I see why Bishop wouldn't let you buy that," he said. The dress was red and had a bunch of straps running horizontally around her figure, making her look a little curvier than usual. It tied around her neck with red straps as well, and had gold accents all over. Damian's eyes didn't so much roam as dart around, like he wasn't entirely sure what to think. Emma grinned.
"I don't know," Steve said thoughtfully as he picked Peter up out of his chair for a cuddle and a kiss. "I like team."
"I agree. I trust the majority of Tony's creations, I trust Bruce's belief that this robot isn't entirely violent, I trust Helen's understanding of science, and I trust Pym's assessment that the robot works. That's all. And, if the robot acts out of turn, we'll be able to deal with it," Natasha stated.
"It's an android, Miss Emma. It does not dream," Jarvis said, his voice urgent.
"You can be a fun, vodka aunt," Emma offered with a shrug. "That's the title without the responsibility."
"G'morning," Darcy smiled at him, now more awake, and he smiled back.
"Don't say that, it's pretty goddamn bad, doll," Bucky growled firmly, and Emma rolled her eyes.
"Oh, young love. Don't be out too late, and don't get pregnant. Your mom would absolutely kill me, even more than she already wishes she had," he grinned, but the tightness around his eyes said it wasn't a hundred percent a joke.
"Hi Lucky," he laughed tiredly, petting the happy golden retriever. He looked up at Vision, and exhaled. "Wow. Hi again. How are your neurological pathways developing?"
"Come with me then," she said, turning her head enough to look at him. A bruise was blooming on his jaw, and he had a cut she'd taped together on his left cheekbone. Five o'clock shadow was covering his face, and his hair was mussed. He could probably hang out with Bucky as she took Peter off his hands for a few hours.
"'M fine. 'S Bruce back yet?" she asked. Vision began petting Lucky carefully, and the dog's tail wagged a little.
"C'mon! It wasn't that bad," Clint exclaimed.
Without hesitation, she curled her hands into fists and slammed them down against the floor, once, twice, and the Hulk's eyebrows furrowed, like he wasn't sure what she was up to, until she heard the harsh crack of plaster and concrete giving way.
"Alright, let's initiate program triple-z, yeah? That'll give us all time to proccess all this new data," Tony suggested, clapping his hands together and rubbing them against each other. Helen rolled her eyes.
"You should've let the adults take care of it," Bruce complained, and Emma waved him off.
"Yes. Mobleader and her partner," he said, looking over to Natasha. "You know the ropes of an organized crime-ring very well, and we're expecting you to rely on that knowledge."
"Yes, Hank?" she said sweetly.
"I- Thank you," Vision said, knowing that 'sweet' was a compliment. Still, they were a little startled. While Emma expressed similar sentiments often, it was generally only her and Tony, their creator, who expressed it.
She turned around and was face to face with the wall full of Lego stuff. She rubbed her hands together and grinned at Damian, who smiled reluctantly at her.
"Can never be too careful," she said as she shoved her glock into the holster and lifted her leg to see if it could be seen. Bucky didn't see the gun, but he saw her black underwear. Lace. Not a date, his ass.
"You bet, buddy," Emma agreed, leaning back to look up at them with a beaming smile. "However, not to people you've just met, and especially not a few people in this tower. Gotta respect boundaries, my friend."
sleeping in her own bed.
"So... You babysit often?" Darcy asked, a glint in her eye that made Bucky's heart go back to hammering in his chest.
"Tony, Tony, wherefore art thou, Tony?" Emma called into the workshop, and Dummy came whirring forward, a tennisball in his claw, with Butterfingers and You following him. "Hi guys! How are you doing?" Emma asked, running her fingers over Dummy's servos, batting You's claw out of her hair distantly, and simultaneously nudging Butterfingers' claw with her elbow. All of this without dropping her notebook. The bots chirped and whirred gleefully. "Want me to toss the ball? Come on, give it."
"Landing on the roof as we speak," he told them both. Emma nodded and Vision followed her lead.
Something fluttered in his stomach, something warm and soft that terrified him. Despite that, he smiled. "I love you too."
"You don't," Bucky pointed out. Emma put her hands on her hips.
"Gender-neutral until Vision decides on their gender, huh?" Sam asked as Vision sat down next to Sam by the table. While they didn't eat, they liked the social situation; sitting down by the table to eat together, like a family did. It was a rare occurrence to see all the tower's residents in the same place, but it was also hard to find somewhere empty. Vision preferred times like these: enough people to make a crowd, but not enough to make them uncomfortable.
"You said that Vision being any more human-like would creep you out, if I may remind you," Helen hissed, skimming through Tony's open tabs without difficulty to get back to Vision's brainwaves. They were going back to normal.
"While that's cool and smart and all, I'm actually not allowed to hand over my hearing-aids to anyone who isn't Tony," Clint said with a shrug. "And honestly, I don't want to step out of his good graces by handing his tech over to SHIELD. I'll ask him about getting a pair with recorders for me, though. That way everyone gets what they want."
"You bet. A scary little combination, of course, with Natasha's impatience for bullshit and Clint's sunshine view on life. Very intent on petting every animal she meets," Tony said distantly as he went back to staring at the code that made up the majority of Vision's brain. What Wanda felt was consciousness, was actually the stone on his forehead, which Bruce had put a lot of effort into breaking down to numbers for Tony so he could run simulations.
Finally, they walked around Claire's. Emma looked at different earrings. She had pierced ears since before she was orphaned and genetically altered, but she didn't think she'd be able to pierce herself now without severe consequences.
"Mhm. And Aunt Tasha and Uncle Clint were
"That was a good, harmless, poor little mug. What'd it ever done to you, Kate?" Clint mocked, and Kate made a face at him.
"Don't die, call if you need me," she tossed back as she dragged a confused Clint into the elevator, who gave him a slight wave before the doors closed and there was silence again. Bucky picked his book back up and read until he heard a soft cry from the living room.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I did say early practice, not just good genes, and I'll tell you, Howard put me in practice
Natasha stared at Tony, and he stepped back on sheer instinct. They stood like that for about fifteen seconds of pure silence, and then Tony cleared his throat.
"How dare you!" Pietro exclaimed, looking absolutely appalled and shocked. Emma burst out laughing too at the shocked look on his face. Wanda smirked.
"Can we bake?" he asked. Bucky blinked. That was
Emma snorted and pulled the door open. "You really aren't. I'm just, y'know, pointing it out."
"See that?
Don't get him wrong, Peter was a huge dork, much like his parents, who adored spiders and his Aunt Tasha. He liked science, much to Tony's glee, and had big, doe-like brown eyes that could get just about anyone to cave. He'd seen the kid use the doe eyes Fury's way, and shit if it hadn't worked. Amazing kid, really.
"Dreaming?" Emma exclaimed. "Jarvis, that is not a robot!"
"What you can get, is out of my face," Damian snapped. "I have no comment on whatever you want to hear."
She'd jumped from still rings many times in her life, usually into someone's waiting, strong arms, but this time, she leaped just so that she'd be able to land on her hands against his shoulder. The force let her jump off his shoulder and onto the other side of him, rolling on the floor to absorb most of the shock.
"Hi sweetheart. The biker's been set loose, so he'll be there in fifteen minutes, if he drives like a sane person," Clint said. When the vidcall finally loaded, Emma could see him clearly. He was squinting at the screen, laying down in what looked like his bed, wearing a black shirt and looking decidedly very comfy.
No matter how big steps she took, she was still a pretty tiny person, with tiny legs in comparison to the Hulk. She felt him coming up closer behind her, and realized it was a lost battle, trying to run away from him, so instead she turned around, skidding on the ground and slamming her elbows straight into the fake wood to slow her acceleration and make him run right over her and away. Emma hadn't really thought he would figure her scheme out, hadn't attributed him that brain-power, but that was stupid, just stupid, underestimating someone like that. When she thought he would just barrel past her, he instead used all of the force he'd been running with to pin her to the floor.
Peter perked up.
Damian turned his head, and Emma put a finger on his chin to tilt it so he was at a more kissable angle. She pressed their lips together and tasted his DQ smoothie as well as the tea he'd probably had before he came here.
"Actually, I'm just here to get the soldiers and Nat to go running, but from what I've heard that might not be happening."
"You could still stay for lunch. I'm starving," Steve said with a light smile.
"Oh. Do we have to?"
"Yes! Of course you are. I can't get a licence yet, and you spend all your time just hanging out at the tower. I can't commandeer you a little?" she asked, putting her hands on her hips.
Emma could hear Natasha mutter a Russian curseword into the pillow her face was smooshed into. "возлюбленная, I'm so close to getting out of bed and getting you myself. This close," she said, displaying about an inch of space between two fingers.
The form shot out of the box like a missile, and Emma was right in the way, getting herself tackled to the ground for her troubles. Years of instincts and training made her roll with the speed and use it against her opponent, tossing the android-person-bot-thing into the air with the push of her feet. She got her own feet back under her just in time to see the bot-person-android-thing slowing in the air, caught itself just before it crashed into the windows in Tony's shop. The thing stared out into the New York City lights, and stilled.
"Bastard," he laughed as he walked towards the stairs. "Bruce, could you-"
"This is silly," he pointed out, and Emma closed the door.
tuchus, Mister I'm-gonna-fight-it-with-my-bare-hands-and-a-shield-the-size-of-a-dinner-plate," Bucky scoffed at him, eyes narrowed playfully.
Emma sucked in a gasp of air at the pain of huge hands impacting with her shoulders, and she definitely felt the whole floor scrape up underneath them, the loud noise like a whole forest of trees falling. She looked up into the Hulk's green eyes, and decided that she could see the flicker of blue in his eyes. Alright. Close, then. Just needed something to make him snap out of it.
"No. Got sweaty moving things around."
"Of course, Miss Emma," Jarvis said, and Emma beamed at Vision, kissed Natasha on the cheek, and then took off for the elevator, grabbing her science notes from Tony's desk as she went.
"Sounds good," Natasha agreed.
Peter put his dishes into the dishwasher, and then grinned at him and grabbed two of his fingers with his one hand, tugging Bucky into the living room.
"You got yourself in this mess," Natasha said patiently, pressing her lips together to stop her smile from widening. "Get yourself out of it by apologizing."
Since coming back from her grandmother's place, it had only gotten worse. She kept thinking she'd wake up in her grandmother's house again. This was probably one of the nights where Clint and Natasha had insisted she should at least
“If you say so.”
It doesn’t make sense at first. Steve was shot in the shoulder. He shouldn’t be bleeding from the abdomen. Tony was there, he got between Steve and the aggressor, he’s wearing the armour.
“Stop lying to me! I know what you’re doing, why can’t you just own up to it? Everyone knows!”
Steve is marched out, head held high, amongst the jeers and shouts around him. Even shackled, he’s uncowed. Tony knows that Steve will fight with his words as good as he fought with his fists. He might be more deadly in a courtroom than on the streets.
Did it have something to do with the contract?
But after hours and hours of hard work, the bathroom was finally done. It was beautiful, the porcelain shining brightly, the taps glowing golden, even the bottles and jars were clean. Steve could finally admire the ironwork of the mirror and the abstract symbols on the tiles. It truly was a magnificent bathroom and seeing it this clean made something warm well up in Steve’s chest.
Steve hadn’t, he was sure of it. He’d almost only used the Porthaven door while dealing with customers, and the hills door when he wanted some fresh air. He hadn’t seen any paper or spell, either. How had the spell then—
“I could help Tony gain his energy back. We need to talk about the Witch’s fire demon.”
Steve is saying something to him, he thinks. It’s hard to hear. A soothing rumble. Tony imagines Steve tells him he’s okay, that it’s all going to be okay. There’s a spike of something in the back of his head, a muted panic. Tony smothers it. He shuts off the warnings from Extremis. He wants to enjoy this.
He focuses on the problems he can solve, and doesn’t think about Steve’s unsurprised face, because if he thinks too long about it, his insides shrivel up and his knees get weak.
Tony cleared his throat, and Steve chuckled nervously. Tony clapped his hands together, affecting a jovial air that was obviously forced.
“What’s your name?”
“I’m fine. What about you?”
Steve might see the predatory glint in Tony’s eyes, or he might mistake it for simple lust. Tony won’t tell him what’s really waiting for him. It’s up to Steve to find out what Tony is, and if he doesn’t realise before Tony makes his move, well, it’ll be easier to get a bite in.
It was his turn to laugh at the flabbergasted expression on Stark’s face. Never let it be said that Steve couldn’t taunt back.
“Maybe you could, I don’t know, go? That’s a possibility.”
“I sure hope so.”
Steve told him he’d found it on the pile of spells, which seemed to surprise Stark even further. How had the spell found itself there? And more importantly, was it even a spell?
Stark pulled Steve along, and the black peeled away, revealing gentle hills covered with waist-high grass and wildflowers under a blue sky. The change of scenery was so sudden that it left Steve slightly nauseous. He had to let go of Stark’s hand, putting his hands on his knees and taking deep breaths.
Tony choked on his voice, eyes too wide. He wouldn’t be able to explain his marks away, now that Steve had seen.
A shorter chapter today. I drew some art for chapter 6,
Steve approached warily. Had the scarecrow managed to catch up to the castle once again? Why wasn’t it attacking James? And how was James even talking with it? But more importantly,
Why? It’s nothing—It’s not asking for much, just for a little while, just until Tony doesn’t feel like he’ll liquefy into a small pool of misery. Just a minute. Not even that. He just wants to feel something, anything else than this black hole of despair.
Steve would love to sit down, near a fire, drink a warm bowl of soup, and sleep for fourteen hours. He could almost see it before him, feel the warmth of the hearth, taste the salty vegetable broth.
Did Jarvis say
“I think it’s an excellent idea. Here, let me make this official. We, King Rhodes, hereby declare Wizard Anthony Stark to be the new court sorcerer, effective immediately.”
They were almost constantly touching, frequently forgot about anyone else in the room with them, and shot each other longing glances. Cap lighted up whenever he put his eyes on Stark, and Stark acted like a protective puppy around Cap.
It’d be so much easier if Tony could stop caring. If he could just switch his feelings off, for real, not just push them so far deep into himself that he manages to pretend he doesn’t have them. If he could look at Steve without having those feelings boil right back to the surface.
much stronger than he looked, now that Steve could appreciate his muscles without them being covered in green slime. He had to be almost on level with pre-curse Steve. For some reason, that made Steve feel a little hot under the collar. Imagine what two strong, healthy bodies could do in the height of—
Stark stared at him.
He floated higher and higher, almost until he touched the ceiling, bathing the whole kitchen in his ethereal brightness. He laughed then, a tinkling laugh, and swirled around.
“Jarvis, could I please use your fire? You can have half of the breakfast as payment.”
The rumour about Tony eating other people’s hearts.
“You did everything you could. James, we’re no match against the Witch. This wasn’t your fault, you were coerced.”
There was so much that Steve hadn’t understood about Tony before, and saying it out loud let it free, gave life to his thoughts, and showed him how true his words were. He couldn’t stop the words from tumbling out, they were more for him than the King anyways.
It was too sad to consider.
There were dozens of different kinds of flowers, all in different colours. They were beautiful, but the juxtaposition of the field and the desert struck Steve as unnatural. There was no gradual progression from one to the other.
“Isn’t there a fire demon code that you shouldn’t leave a favour unreturned?”
here cared about Steve’s health. Tony raised one still-shaking hand to Steve’s back.
He hoped Jarvis was strong enough to fly one of the suits of armour.
He tackled her to the ground, his clothes catching fire as he fell on top of her. She lit up, her fire becoming impossibly hotter, and Steve took his shield in both his hands, bringing it down with all his might.
This time, Tony landed on his feet, if only barely. He let go of the key, and couldn’t even see where he’d ended up before something collided against him and sent him sprawling. So much for landing on his feet. He stared up into Pepper’s irate face.
Tony really should come clean, right now. He opened his mouth to help the poor man out, but Iron Man raised a trembling hand to silence him.
He clicked his tongue, making a twirl with his index, and Steve felt a slight breeze flow around him. When he looked back down, Stark had added golden details to the hem of the shirt and the pants. At the hem of the sleeve, Stark had added a swirling motif with small circles scattered in the design. On a closer look, they weren’t circles, but rather the shield, complete with a little star and stripes. The detail was stunning.
And that's where Steve makes his first mistake. Tony won't work for anyone, not even if it's the man he was pathetically in love with. Tony doesn't do love anymore, it's beneath him. Steve doesn't have any leverage on him, now.
The Witch of the Waste, the curse, it all came back to him. As did the fact that he was in Stark’s castle. What the hell had he been thinking yesterday? He had to get out of there before Stark came back. If he wasn’t home already. That man was dangerous, and he should try to leave before it was too late—but the fire demon had made a pact with him. And it had promised that Steve wouldn’t get harmed.
And if Steve survives, the Avengers will still have their leader. They’ll replace Tony with Rhodey, and they’ll still have all the funding they need. It’ll be fine.
He screams wordlessly as Steve yanks his wrist and pushes his elbow up, neatly dislocating his shoulder.
Steve had to be wrong.
The rose is blood red.
He tore his gaze away from the wings and bellowed across the hall:
“You didn’t want to listen to what I had to say, so you just made me forget, huh? Just like that? Is this your way of making it right? Huh?
It killed him to fight against Steve. He never wants to live through that again. Tony shouldn’t have let it go this far. He should have tried harder. He should have found a way to make Steve understand. It’s why he lost his mind, in the streets of New York. He couldn’t find a way out of the war that didn’t end with either Steve or him dead. Steve was never going to stop. And Steve’s always been more important than Tony.
He would have to do it himself, somehow.
He grinned at the pair of raised eyebrows and added, almost as an afterthought: “Oh, and remind me to look into Project Rebirth, would you, Rhodey? There’s someone I want to meet. I have the feeling we would get along exceedingly well.”
If Jarvis couldn’t sense him, did it mean that—
Steve’s still fixated on that, then.
Steve’s fingers pet his hair. Steve’s hand squeezes his shoulder.
Who could he turn to? He didn’t have the money needed to ask for a magic user’s services, but he didn’t have a choice. Maybe he could work for them, as an assistant or cleaner until he scraped together enough money to pay them? Didn’t the Great Magician Potts accept alternative methods of payment? He was one of the strongest magic users, too, on the same level as the Sorcerer Supreme. Yes. Steve would go to Potts.
Trying only got Tony so far. He failed so badly that they’re both going to die.
He hoped she knew why James had gone to the castle, that she wasn’t wondering where he was.
Tony bent down to smell the red and yellow one and was thankfully too absorbed in the flowers to see Steve blush furiously.
“You saw me that night, didn’t you? When you caught the falling star?”
He wouldn’t have found a new home.
Tony thinks of blue eyes and blond hair and doesn’t know if he should be thankful or if he should curse Steve for not leaving him in the fire.
Cap put a hand on his shoulder.
Had he really done that? He’d planned on putting them close together, but that would be too telling. He was already being embarrassingly obvious with his subconscious desires, no need to thrust them into Tony’s face.
Did humans have feelings, or emotions, that fire demons couldn’t have? Was it something physical, or metaphysical? Was it something tangible? Was it an idea? Was it a promise? Was it riches, a physical body, hands? But when and why would Jarvis have any use of hands or a human body? In addition, miss Potts had said that Stark did give Jarvis something of his. But where did Jarvis keep it? Or was the castle some kind of manifestation of what Stark had given Jarvis?
“I’ll ignore the fact that you literally walked into the Witch of the Waste, your
Why was it taking so long to get the goddamned paper?
It reminded him of Tony.
“See, Tony, you’re saying that, but I still hear the hesitation. You don’t want to, do you? You desperately want there to be another way. I know you. You prepare for the worst, because that’s all you see, but you always hope that things will still turn out okay. So what I don’t get is why you don’t involve as many people as possible in this. What could it hurt, Tony? If six men can’t find an answer, then maybe you could try the entire fucking superhero community! We’re hundreds, thousands, and there are many that are smarter than you! Why do you always do this? Why do you always make our decisions for us? Didn’t the war teach you
He turned to face the late customer and tell them that the shop was closed. He was met with a petite woman with a dark brown bob and a yellow dress that highlighted her hourglass waist. She was flanked by a pale, brown-haired man, who had dull grey eyes. He exuded an air of misery, and favoured his left side, where Steve noted that his arm was covered in what looked like armour, but it had a weird shimmering to it, which hinted at magic. When the man saw Steve, he whispered something to the woman, who smiled.
“Okay. I don’t like this, so I’m going to cast a little healing spell to make you better. Agreed? Agreed.”
He closes his eyes and waits for the punches.
“She’s my sister!”
“Do you two…do you two know each other?”
’s come near this town. If it was up to me, I’d send the soldiers to make him move away. Or even a sorcerer! Would that the Sorcerer Supreme hadn’t tried to pursue the Witch of the Waste! If she hadn’t killed him, we wouldn’t have to fear for our grandchildren.”
“Why are you trying so hard? Why don’t you give up? You’ll never break your curse, you’ll always keep this frail body, and one day a cold will kill you.”
His voice cracks on the last word, but he managed to say the whole sentence, so he counts it as a win. He doesn’t care that he’s pitiful. He just wants to feel warm, just for a little while.
He can fake a call. Tell them he’s on the phone with the President, maybe, or the secretary of defense. No one would be able to check if this was really the case or not. Tony doesn’t use phones anymore.
What about James? Maybe Tony could help James turn into a human again. Maybe James had more information about the Witch. There was a chance he could help them. He was awake, in fact, big grey eyes watching them. Steve put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. It was too hot to the touch, Tony most likely had a fever. But it wasn’t too late yet. They had time. They still had time.
I told you, I
Steve’s world lighted up, a streak of orange, a flash of yellow, an explosion of turquoise.
Tony looks back down at Steve. He’s staring into Tony’s eyeslits, blood slowly seeping from his mouth.
For a while, there was nothing but blue and twisting and pain, and Tony desperately trying to scream through empty lungs.
controls the time loop, since the gem appeared in his hand when he died. But why would he…
He hurried over to the mirror in the centre of the shop, and gasped when he saw himself.
He could do this.
His bottle is empty.
Maybe she was jealous. Because she and Tony had broken up. She’d talked about concurrence, when she’d cursed Steve. Maybe that was it. Did she curse everyone Tony slept with?
Steve smiled at Tony.
Well, Steve hadn’t known that Stark was visiting Shield, so it wasn’t really a lie, now was it?
“Thank you. I told Steve already, but the Witch messed with my memories. It’s hard to remember certain things. This helps, though, my head is—it’s clearer.”
They walked out of the gym, Tony in the middle. He was a little annoyed to notice he was slightly shorter than Cap, with Iron Man being the tallest one. Tony shot quick glances at the armour, trying to figure out how Iron Man had fired those energy beams. There wasn’t any visible power source to the armour. No diesel motor, no steam, no battery. It looked just like a regular knight armour. Tony was baffled. What kind of superior technology did they have access to? This was years ahead of Tony’s own suit.
He sounds so desperate, he wants to punch himself. Thank God there aren’t any cameras in his bedroom.
“Don’t give me this nonsense. I want to know if he has a mountain of gold hidden somewhere, or does he get the money by less legal means? Oh God, does he steal it? Does he perform… does he do
“We met by a series of circumstances, and we get along surprisingly well.”
“I believe this is a
He smiled self-deprecatingly and looked at his hands. Tony felt the sudden urge to comfort him.
Tony’s life is a series of mistakes. Looking up to his father, trusting Obadiah, trusting Yinsen, keeping himself alive, letting the Avengers in. Mistake after mistake, and he made the worst one yet when he let himself get a flavour of Steve. He was always going to, but he’s given in too soon. How long have the Avengers been assembled? A few months at most? It’s not enough to have settled into anything. It’s not long enough for the team to survive what’s about to happen between Steve and Tony. With a little bit of luck, Tony will be the one to die when it goes down. He hopes he’ll get at least one good suck in before that happens, though. What better way to die, than tasting the sweet ambrosia of Steve’s blood?
Tony knows before he opens his eyes that today is going to be a bad day. Not that he has good days anymore, but this one will be worse.
What? The King was asking him, no,
He opened the door that should be the right one, and he saw the castle’s kitchen. He understood what Tony had done, now. Instead of taking up the whole building with his castle, he’d left the shop intact, so that they had a place to sell their spells, paintings, and flowers. Steve just needed to see if there was a door from inside the castle that led to the shop as well. He found one, on the far wall of the kitchen. Perfect.
“I wanted to visit my sister. I haven’t seen her in a long while, and she studies at the Shield guild. I couldn’t see her, though, because she was training. I’m sorry I took your armour, but Jarvis told me I could.”
He needed to push the scarecrow back somehow, and then he could ask Jarvis to speed up again so that they could lose it. If only he had his old body! He would have been able to push it, or even throw it away! As he was now, he didn’t have the strength. He needed something to amplify what little force he had, but what?
She radiated competence and confidence that slightly intimidated Steve, in that he couldn’t dream of being that confident, especially not in his current state. She had power; it was undeniable. The question was what she would do with it, and if she would hold it over Steve, who was laughably out of his depth.
Tony blinks, and he can’t remember if the vitals that he saw were his own or Steve’s.
It’s been twenty seconds already. He hasn’t lost consciousness. Thank god for Extremis.
If Tony survives, on the other hand, he’ll either get executed, or taken by SHIELD to be experimented on. Tony doesn’t think he’ll be in any state of mind other than bliss after sucking Steve dry, he’ll be easy to catch. But on the off chance that he escapes, what will he become? A fugitive? A beast roaming dark alleys and abandoned houses? A new urban legend, the kind that kids whisper to others late at night? An uptick in statistics for bloody anonymous murders?
Steve would fight tooth and nail to keep Tony alive, and that was a promise.
When did they get so disconnected that Steve thinks Tony’s doing this because of some kind of power trip?
Steve ran past Jarvis, threw open the door, and sprinted out towards the Waste.
“She’s gone. We had a fight, we won. Her magic is still there though, as you must have noticed. I don’t know why, Tony hasn’t told me. Maybe he doesn’t know either.”
But then Steve stopped coming to the Avengers meet-ups.
Steve looked at Tony, who looked right back, eyes twinkling, and beamed at him:
Tony scratched at his chest, eyes serious.
Why—How—she was, she was defeated, the curse should have been broken, how could this—
Time to test a theory.
Steve went back into the kitchen and reminded himself to see how the weredog was doing. He still didn’t know his name. He should ask for it the next time he managed to shift into a man again. The weredog was still curled on the floor, his chest slowly rising and falling. He was sleeping, then. At least he’d eaten the bacon, Steve saw, and drunk some of the water. Steve filled the water bowl again and put another slice of bacon next to it. The weredog seemed to be sleeping peacefully, so there was that.
He picked flowers at random, half-formed ideas about how to combine them floating in his head. When he had a good number of flowers, the sun was long gone, the sky a gradient of blue and black. Near the horizon, the blue was almost the same colour as Tony’s magic.
Steve had never heard of a wizard eating people’s hearts, but he knew that people like the Scarlet Witch or Doctor Doom were known for disregarding human life in their magical practices.
“And how do you know?”
He collided with a hard surface, and everything stopped.
, he thought.
, to be fair, but he knew when not to force the issue—if he had to, but it was an insult to both of them when Tony lied.
The second condition of the curse had been fulfilled.
Jarvis had heard it too, and said in a content tone:
What would happen when the contract broke? Jarvis had told Steve that it would free him, but in what sense? Would he be a star again, or would he die? He’d said he would help Steve break his own curse, so he should stay alive, right?
“Do you really think you can make a difference in this world? Do you really think that being idealistic and hopeful will do any good? Don’t try to fight your destiny. You’re meant to be insignificant. Don’t act like a hero.”
things are going to be intense in these last three chapters, enjoy!
How many loops have they been in already? Does Steve know about it?
There’s a man watching him from the shadows. His shape, his posture, the tension that flows from him are familiar.
He took two more eggs and three more slices, deciding that he should give them to Jarvis as a treat. A flame licked around the pan, and Steve saw it as the tongue it was when it curled around a slice and dragged it into the open maw of the demon. The flames were perfect, and after a few minutes, the eggs and bacon were ready. Steve lifted the pan up, put it next to the fire, and opened a few cupboards until he found cutlery and a plate that weren’t dirty. He sat down at the table, carefully pushing some of the papers away, and turned sharply when he heard the door unlock.
They bid each other good night and went to sleep after a quick dinner.
No, Tony makes sure to have better company. A brainless hot piece of meat or two in his bed, and he's happy. Oh, does he love to be rich and famous. People will literally fall over themselves to get a chance of being his stress-relief for one night. Or morning, he isn't picky.
Jarvis sighed and closed his eyes. He wouldn’t say more, Steve accepted. This was the most he’d ever said in front of Steve, and it must have taken a toll on him, to recount his past.
They couldn’t have killed each other, could they?
thought. It’s hard to tell the difference these days.” Steve shrugs, unaffected.
Steve wanted to think it was more plausible that it wasn’t something physical, because he couldn’t really imagine that a fire demon would have any use of money or goods or food. A demon didn’t need earthly things, that was common knowledge.
And here we are, at the end of this story.
“Who the fuck are you and how did you get into the mansion?”
Thor tells Tony to stop joking, and Tony can’t help but laugh, because can’t they see that there is nothing to joke about? Here they are, the three giants of the Avengers: Captain America, Thor and Iron Man, and one of them has come to end another. Tony and Steve are pitted against each other again, and this time Thor is here, and Tony knows he won’t take his side.
the log, pulling the rest of the fire with it, until the fire had settled on top of the log. This was, as Natasha would say it,
will die. And that we’re running out of time. I hate it, but if we’re backed against the wall, we will use the bombs, because I refuse to let you—this Earth and its universe die. I can’t—I can’t
Tony’s alive, which means that he can die. He thinks decapitation or a bullet through the head would kill him. He isn’t sure. JARVIS wouldn’t let him experiment too much on himself.
Steve’s eyebrows flew up to his hairline.
. Do you know why I lured you here? Because this is the fastest way to have Tony come to my castle. Because once he knows that you’re my prisoner, he’ll fly as fast as he can in this little suit of his, because he can’t
His intention was to reach the nearest town on the way to Ma’Hattan before the night, but he noticed his mistake halfway up the hills. He would have made it had he been his normal self, but like this, he walked maybe three times slower. He had to stop regularly to get his breath back, and his legs simply didn’t have the strength to go faster. He sat down, looking over the now distant town and the setting sun. Soon it would be night, and he needed to find wood to make a fire. He’d sleep on the most comfortable rocks he could find. His back ached at the mere thought of it.
He wants to call it a glitch in Extremis, but he can’t give any truth to the words that Steve yelled at him in the Helicarrier.
Tony was still chanting, eyes closed in concentration, sweat beading down his face. His hair was billowing, his feet a decimetre from the floor. Around him, the castle started to morph, walls changing shape and colour, bangs and clangs indicating that it was happening everywhere in the castle. Pans and pots were changing places, the very chair Steve was sitting on changing form and moving to another corner of the room. The whole interior was changing, until Steve realised that it was taking on the appearance of the places they were going to move to. Steve thought he recognised one of his own pots at the kitchen window.
A miracle could always happen, right?
His worst fears are realised when Steve tells him he remembers.
At that, Stark raised his eyebrows, looking at Steve like he’d grown a second head.
He didn’t know what would be worse, to have Tony gone, or to have a version of him that he could never hope to love?
Anyways. Tony wasn’t feeling well, and it had something to do with the marks on his chest.
“Nothing is more important than you, and I’d do anything to protect you, to keep you alive, even if it meant killing worlds, even if it meant becoming the very monster you swore to fight, because I love you. I love you, Steve Rogers.”
“I’m talking about you seducing gorgeous young adults, killing them, and eating their hearts.”
"Oh, Aunt Peg was a real class act," Tony smirked, reaching back to stroke Steve's face and getting grease all over him too. Steve didn't seem to mind too much. "Pretty much one of the only two people I've ever seen put Howard in his place."
"How can you make bad tea?" Sam asked incredulously. "It's water and leaves."
"Is that why Aunt Tasha and Uncle Clint call you Winter?" Peter asked, and as if he noticed the change in Darcy's demeanor, he planted himself in Bucky's lap, looking up at him with his big doe eyes.
He shook his head in exasperation. "No, I- Your mom is upset. Not Tony."
"Do you get everything you want?"
"Sure, kiddo," Bucky said, smiling at the little kid in the bed. Peter smiled back.
trusts her," she corrected.
"What does Jarvis think then?" Bucky asked, looking up at the ceiling.
"He couldn't sleep either?"
"Peter is four. You are a man of ninety-seven. That's over nine decades. I can't believe I'm telling you to grow the hell up."
Bucky got into the private elevator with a sigh and dropped the duffle at his feet.
"Mm. Right. We should probably make dinner then."
"Bruce?" Tony asked casually, glancing at him from out of the corner of his eye. Bruce hands were shifting between his usual pale pallor to something greener, and Emma stared, wide-eyed. He shook his head, muttering 'no' under his breath, before he collapsed on the floor. "Bruce."
The doors to the lab slid apart again, and Lucky bolted off the couch to say hello to Bruce, who laughed and dropped his over-the-shoulder bag on the floor.
Fuck. He threw his head back with a groan. How was he going to survive the coming two days?
"Uh, yeah! It was so loud, and for those of us who don't actually live here, code green isn't super telling," Kate shot back as she tossed a slightly burnt and lumpy pancake onto a plate. Clint poured coffee into his purple mug he'd gotten from Natasha billions of years ago as Victoria hopped off his shoulders and onto the counter. He swiped the poptart box out of her sight quickly and closed the cupboards. "Pancake?"
' signed back.
"It's expensive and an unnecessary risk," Damian said solemnly. With the glasses, he looked quite ridiculous. Emma giggled, and then pouted.
"Emma, get away from him, we've got this!" came Clint's holler, but Emma just stared into the green of Hulk's eyes, waiting.
"Thanks Jarvis. You're the best," Emma smiled at the ceiling, before crouching down in front of Lucky very seriously. "Lucky. Mom's upset. I need you to use your amazingness and general fluffiness to make her feel better. Can you do that for me?"
"I'd ask you the same thing," Emma said pointedly, and Damian pursed his lips. Emma sighed. "Look, we're both tired and we haven't seen each other in a while. Can we maybe just chill out a little? Talk about things that don't concern life and limb?"
He shrugged, and sank down on the couch. Darcy tossed her legs into his lap, a worried frown edging in on her gorgeous face.
"What, you think I can't be helpful? I'll show you helpful," he smirked at her, all cocky, and Darcy laughed, bringing his lips to hers.
"Morning, Thor," Clint grunted as he lifted Victoria into his arms to prevent his entire legs from being shredded. "How's Bruce?"
"Oh boy," Bucky exhaled, looking over at Clint and arching an eyebrow. "Want me to break it up?"
"How are we getting in when we're fake mobsters, if he's only inviting his mobster friends?" Clint questioned.
"I'm not going to apologize," she snapped, turning her head to look at him. Clint shrugged, folding his bow back into it's more easily transportable shape and flipping it in his hand.
"Widow-bites. Bucky. Jarvis. You. Pym. Hawkeyes and their various arrows. Do I need to continue?" she said, directing her question at Vision. Everyone stared in silence for a moment.
"Hulk!" Natasha shouted, but he'd stopped listening to even Tony's voice after a while, too into the game to care about others. Natasha's voice made his head tilt a little, probably because it sounded like a gunshot in an entirely silent room, full of authority and righteous anger and protectiveness. Emma would've met her eyes to reassure her that she was okay, but you don't look away from your opponent when you're mid-fight. Emma's been shot on several occasions for doing that.
"Right. Did you eat lunch?"
"You should hit the road. It'll get dark in a few hours," he said, giving Tony a pointed look. Mournfully, Tony got off the couch, grabbing his shirt from where it was draped over the back of a chair, and started buttoning it up. Steve crouched down and held his arms out toward Peter, who came barreling into his papa's arms.
"Get your own shirt!"
After a moment's hesitation, Bucky nudged Peter's head onto a pillow and dragged the covers up over his shoulders. He turned the lights out and a blue light by Peter's bedside flickered on. A nightlight, shaped like his Dada's arc reactor.
"Hey feel the dress. It's a pretty cool material," Emma said, stepping out of the changing room and reaching for his hand. She settled it on her hip, smiling at him. Damian met her eyes and stroked his thumb over the fabric.
It didn’t change the fact that she’d cursed him, and that since then, Steve had been more of a nuisance than help.
with her? And then
Most likely not.
“Well, now that I’m feeling better, maybe we could make dinner?”
He put one arm behind Steve’s knees, the other under his shoulders, and lifted him. This was a quite familiar hold, although they had changed places this time.
This is a surprise, to say the least. What happened, what changed this man so much that one of his core deficits, his empathy, is now reduced to nothing but glacial apathy?
Suddenly suspicious, he searched the castle until he found another window that didn’t just face the sky. If he looked through it, he could see a busy street, decorated with colourful banners and garlands. The automobiles moving about where imposing and shiny. The window clearly showed a city different to the port. It had to be a rich city, maybe Greenewitch or Wizardchington. Steve continued on his search for other windows, but the only places he could see were the port, the rich town, the hills, or darkness.
Steve dropped to his knees next to Tony, grabbing his hand. It was almost as cold as the ground. Steve stifled the panic, looking around for Jarvis. He found him in a corner, his glow even fainter than earlier. Steve took him in hands, feeling the faint beating of the heart.
If Tony died right now, how long would it take for people to notice?
Speaking of, Cap was blinking owlishly at Stark. He swallowed, licked his lips, and, inexplicably, blushed. It took two tries before he could get a word out.
“Just… Don’t let anyone in, okay? You’re our only line of defence is someone attacks us.”
What now? Will Steve calm down so they can talk this out? Does he really want to fight against dozens of iron men?
Steve doesn't know it, but Tony is now up to date with what has happened in the time he jumped.
He cares more than he should. It’s always been like that.
Tony and Jarvis fell unconscious at the exact same time, and Steve saw the last piece of the puzzle.
“Who do you think you are, talking to us like that?” The tallest of the two sneered. The other one put a hand on the strap of his musket, and Steve realised he might have miscalculated a bit. They were both armed, and had the authority to arrest him, and, well. Even Steve couldn’t outrun bullets.
Well away from the castle, the armour gained altitude, flying properly now, set in a straight horizontal line with hands and feet pointed behind it. It looked forward and slightly down, and Steve admired the view. It was breath-taking. The grass swaying in the wind, the numerous lakes and ponds in the valleys, the small villages and towns, all passed under him, so far away that he couldn’t make out the people milling around. It was humbling, realising how small he was in comparison to the land, but simultaneously, it was exhilarating. Flying high above everyone, nothing around him save for air, the freedom was immense. He could forget everything up here, forget how weak he was, while he was flying and soaring through the skies.
Over the treacherous sand, he ran.
His prediction turned out to be pretty accurate, he started his descent just as the sun disappeared beneath the horizon. He had maybe thirty minutes before the darkness would be complete, and he started his search for wood and a suitable place to rest.
Steve couldn’t say anything to that. The King had a point.
It seemed that the man was a lot more complex and nuanced than Steve had first thought.
He started the coffeemaker, grabbing a glass of applejuice for Peter and then sat him down on the kitchen island, much to Peter's chagrin. He soon recieved his toast with PBJ, and Bucky ate his with butter and ham, and recieved his coffee.
Emma laughed. "I know, dad, but please? We bought an Avengers lego set and I wanna set it up at his place. I have no room at our place, and having an Avengers tower in an Avengers tower is tower-ception and I don't think that should be allowed."
"You didn't! You're lying," Emma accused, and he shook his head.
"Yes, you can trust me, Natasha," Bruce agreed sincerely. "She still has trackers in her shoes, right?"
Bucky used his real hand to zip her up all the way to the middle of her shoulderblades.
Still... She wanted to look good too. While Damian probably didn't care, she sort of did. He was always wearing button up shirts and slacks, and Emma wore nerdy t-shirts and Avengers merch. They made an odd couple, that way. She didn't want to look out of place today.
"I'm alright. What about you?"
"Hell yes, let me grab my jacket. Will you drive me to the mall afterwards?" Emma asked, and hopped over the couch. Wanda nodded and her hands flickered in scarlet as a pair of car keys flew through the air and into her palm.
"Oh, we so need team meeting," Pietro said firmly, squinting suspiciously at the android. "Right now."
Hank cleared his throat, and Emma gazed over royally.
I'm sorry for disappearing again!! First there were exams, and then a dry spell, and then I just couldn't really grasp what I wanted to do with the story. I'm back now though! I will definitely not manage a schedule like I usually do, but I'll try to get some chapters out as soon as I can! Sorry about the delay, and thank you for being awesome and patient and great!!! I love you and your support so much!!!
"Yeah, yeah, have fun on your date with birdbrain!" he called as he grabbed the duffle from Natasha's kitchen.
"Did we tell you to go bleed on your own?"
"Hey Clint, remember that time when you broke your arm and wouldn't admit it because of your pride and you walked around with a broken arm for over two days until Natasha knocked you unconscious and got you to medical?" Kate said casually from her perch on the kitchen island, and Clint looked up at her, entirely bewildered.
"I ate toast."
"Shut up, one day I'm gonna have eight whole PhDs!" Emma declared. Tony raised his coffee mug.
"Ham or no ham?" Bucky asked as he opened the fridge.
"Very mature, Barton!" Sharon called after him with a frown, and a couple of agents around them grinned, or rolled their eyes lovingly at Clint's antics. Sharon gave Natasha a nod, and Natasha nodded back, before following Clint up the steps.
Turns out Steve had, with his good hearing, heard Emma say 'I don't wanna think about Tony making a robot dick', been thoroughly distracted by that image, and Bucky had managed to land a blow with the left hand in Steve's stomach at the same time.
"Of course he does. Your dada loves you," he replied. Peter stared at him for a while.
"I know," she replied and shook her red locks free from the messy bun she'd been keeping them in. His phone vibrated in his pocket, and he pulled it out with a sigh.
"Yes."
"Bye возлюбленная. Tell Winter not to drive like a maniac," Natasha hummed, and Clint hung up.
"What rumors?" Tony asked as he picked up a tablet. "Flex for me, Vis."
"Maybe not the wisest."
"That's also a lie, because I could yell at your sorry ass to turn around until I was blue in the face and you'd still go barrelling forward," Steve shot back, cuffing Bucky upside the head with familiar ease as he went by him towards the coffee machine, and getting a solid thwack on the leg in return. Peter looked over at Bucky over his father's shoulder, and giggled.
When the spaghetti was almost done, he felt a tap tap on his leg, and looked down to find Peter smiling up at him.
Sharon Carter was decked out in a SHIELD hoodie, hair up in a ponytail and looking decidedly done with a bored Clint's shit.
"Aunt TASHA!" Peter exclaimed, and nearly threw himself off the counter in his haste to get to her. Bucky had just enough time to put the spatula down and turn around, grabbing Peter basically out of the air so that he didn't fall, and then set him down on two steady feet. He skidded over to Natasha, who had her arms open, and was hauled into his aunt's arms like he weighed nothing.
"It's a nice shirt," Damian agreed, and Emma beamed at him.
"Vision," the android repeated in a monotone.
"Thanks," he huffed. It wasn't what he wanted, which was her to take all the responsibility away from him, but he still appreciated it. She dropped the black dress on his head, and strode back to the closet. "Why are you even trying to look all swanky?"
"Well, I mean, you guys give a lot to charity, right? And help people who get out of jail get jobs? I know Tony works hard to make sure all SI-employees get a living wage and that he's working towards making sure every SI-building has like green energy and stuff. That's about as ethical as you can get while being that crazy rich," she pointed out. "Also while I wouldn't say I'm spoiled, I do enjoy the luxury of living in the tower that Tony's money built, and rebuilt post-Battle of New York, so I don't think I'm far enough away from the issue to talk about it without sounding way biased."
"Ah. Where did we meet?" Clint asked, reading through the file.
"Alright, Bruce?" Tony asked, already hammering away at his phone. The shields stabilized again, turning more shimmery-light blue this time than before.
"Yes you are!" Pietro growled, wiggling underneath her.
"No matter what it says, I'm sure Darcy will knock some sense into them, or yell very heatedly. No offence Bucky, but she can be downright menacing sometimes," Bruce said, glancing over at Betty's phone.
"Hi Peter," she said lovingly, her soft murmur betraying how much she cared for him. Clint's look, that had been tenative, turned soft, and Bucky knew that they were a thing. He just fucking
As Tony held Peter and watched with a smile as he told him all about his and Bucky's weekend, Steve came up to Bucky with a smile bright enough to outshine the sun, and hugged him tightly.
"I'm good!" she called back up the hole, pressing Bruce's forehead back against her neck, running her hands through his dusty hair. "We're gonna be fine!"
"What is this I'm hearing about Tony and Bruce making a
He wasn't scared he was gonna fuck this up. He
"I was reading," Vision complained, sounding remarkably whiny, and Tony thought back to what Wanda said, about the android feeling too real. Emma's remarks about how Vision was an intelligent life form, of a sort. Too smart to be Dummy or You, too solid to be Jarvis. They'd given Vision the opportunity to learn and unlearn, like humans do, and Helen had insisted that if they wanted a human android, the android would need to be able to sleep. Making sure Vision would be able to dream was a little too enthusiastic, in Bruce's opinion, but they'd added it to the list of possible modifications. They hadn't really been expecting Vision's behavior to be so influenced by the stone on his forehead, however.
"Valentina and Inferno met in Chicago when he had his seat there. There aren't any of his henchmen in Bermuda, so you should be in the clear without having to change up too much of your appearance, unless you feel like it'd be needed?"
"No, Darcy, we can't," he sighed, pulling back his real hand to card it through his hair and tug. "I can't give you a house with a white picket fence and- and two point five kids and a minivan-"
"What are you looking for, then?"
"See ya, suckers!" he shouted victoriously as he skipped over to the stairs leading to the door, where Coulson gave him a bemused look. Natasha shifted her papers into a pile, and placed them in her drawer.
"Well, actually, remember Inferno? The man you rescued Emma from almost two years ago now?" Coulson asked mildly. "He and Russell are mobster friends?" Natasha said skeptically, trying to remember the file they'd had on him before they went in to grab him and found Emma in the process. "Inferno wasn't that well-connected, was he?"
"Hi возлюбленная, I need you to stay with me," Natasha said in an entirely calm voice that Clint recognized as her in-control Black Widow voice. She ripped open a first-aid kit, tossing a few protein bars and a water-bottle at Clint, who pulled his hoodie over his head and forced Bruce into it, feeding him the protein bar and making him sip the water.
"But you like kids. We can adopt, if we ever get the itch. Foster kids need homes," she said softly.
"Hey, watch it! People can get struck in the face with that thing!" Sam exclaimed, hands raised suspiciously over his head. Sam hadn't really gotten comfortable with Wanda since she'd shown up, and she wasn't doing anything to ease the way. Peter thought that Uncle Sammy nearly getting hit in the head with flying car keys was pretty funny, so he giggled from the chair with the booster seat he was sitting in by the kitchen table.
Pym was now looking entirely confused and mildly terrified. Dr. Cho flipped Vision's hand over, pressing with the tip of a pen against specific spots on their palm and noting the responses she got in a little notebook next to her.
"Don't know. Just been feeling a little antsy. Darcy asked what was up and I didn't really know what to tell her, since I don't know either."
your hands, don't lick them. Jesus, who raised you? Huh?"
"About that... Can I go to Damian's place instead?" Emma asked, smiling at Clint and spelling out Damian with her other hand.
When Bucky was just prepping for making lunch, the elevator doors slid apart with a soft ding, revealing Tony Stark-Rogers and Steve Rogers-Stark, tired but clean and in one piece each.
Bucky smiled, looking up at her and cupping her face with his metal hand. He was getting better at that, pretending like his left arm was just any other part of himself. "Yeah. That sounds amazing." His smile dimmed. "Just a few concerns."
He nodded, looking back down at Victoria again. "Sounds fair."
"I'm a medical professional," Bruce complained as Clint supported him into the elevator. Natasha followed, rolling her eyes at him.
"Well, you can't use team in both senses of the word, because that will be confusing," Kate reasoned. "Saying 'Let's go team!' leads us to think you're talking only Avengers."
With his precious cargo having been dropped off in her parents' bed, Bucky made his way down to his own apartment floor. Talking to Emma seemed to help his mind sort things out. She knew him pretty well, sometimes even better than he felt he knew himself. Steve was his best friend, of course, but Emma was something else entirely.
"Okay," she said, and Emma smiled up at her when the elevator slowed to a stop by Tony's workshop.The child was always
He drove around one of the cars under one of his real fingers as he watched Peter focus on the game, his eyes locked on the two cars he had crashing into each other. He had to admit it, the kid was pretty cute when he furrowed his brows and pouted a little with the concentration it took to line his cars up and then speedily scattering them all over the floor.
"Why don't you throw them away when you don't want to eat them?" he asked, seemingly exasperated.
"Hear that, sucker?
"Oh, she was up, like, at least every hour," Clint agreed. "I think she just gets antsy, what with Emma coming back so recently, and now this."
"I always wanted the police station. Think I asked for it for christmas once. I'd have to ask Charlie though, I don't really remember," she hummed.
"Dunno."
"Mhm," Steve hummed, his voice low and intimate, and Tony raised his eyebrows at him. Steve raised his eyebrows back and moved towards the coffee machine to make his husband a cup.
"Can't convince you to dump more responsibility on Steve and Tony? I know they'd love to help," he tried valiantly.
"I just had some when I got here, but if you wanna stop for some, I'm down," Emma said, with that knowing look on her face.
"But it's not done!" Peter said stubbornly, reaching out for the frosting can in Bucky's metal arm. Bucky held it further away from him.
"Jarvis?" Tony hurried out.
There was a rush of wind, and Pietro appeared suddenly next to Peter, who laughed as his hair was ruffled by it.
Natasha and Clint looked at each other, and the redhead's lips were a thin, thin line of displeasure. They should ground her for fighting the Hulk, for scaring them, for all of it, but that would just make her miserable and hurt, and even if they got her to promise she wouldn't do it again, she definitely would do it again, if she felt she had to.
"I'm fine, Pete," Bucky told him seriously, and Peter looked unsure, and that just broke Bucky's fucking heart. He imagined how many times Peter had been sat at one of his fathers hospital beds and heard the same reply. How many times had Steve and Tony lied to protect him from the harsh truth? There had been times during Peter's existence where they'd both suffered close calls, and fell ill and nearly died. He could understand how sick and tired Peter must be of that answer. "Not sick. Aunt Darcy is being a flirt. Like how your dada calls your papa hot."
"Young master Peter is in Sir's workshop."
"What am I, your personal chef?" he asked, but moved towards the fridge to see what he could scrounge up anyways, because he was good like that.
The shirt from Wanda's closet was burgundy and one of the things Darcy had gotten her, to make her look presentable for future press-events. It looked more like a fancy blouse than anything Emma owned, and Wanda was only one size above her, in comparison to Natasha, who was more well-endowed in the chest area. Emma was honestly a little jealous.
She exchanged a dollar for quarters at a nearby store, and got some candy from one of the little machines lined up in the middle of the mall. They were shaped like different fruits, and Clint called them Runts, and Emma hated the grape flavored ones. When she popped a handfull in her mouth, she made a grossed out face, and Damian sighed long-sufferingly.
"Nooo..." Emma said, dragging the word out in a not-so-innocent way, and Natasha rolled her eyes.
"You're always starving," he scoffed back, which earned him a grin.
"Yes, tiny birdspider, I know! I knew you'd appreciate this particular stroke of genius of mine, kiddo. This is the sort of appreciation I deserve."
Damian sighed, but seemed to resign himself to her antics, and slid down to sit on the little stool outside of the rooms.
"That one!"
"So you're going home?" Damian said, raising an eyebrow. Not like he was judging her, but sort of like he was sad he agreed with her parents.
"The chocolate to cover ratio is different. It makes the mini ones taste sweeter, and people generally like it when things are sweeter," Natasha said as Helen tugged away the dressing around Emma's wound and frowned at it thoughtfully.
"Is that us?" he asked, even though it obviously was. He felt strangely pleased to have this small child's appreciation and apparent trust.
Darcy smirked at him.
"See, guys, I'm
"We have a solution to that," Coulson nodded. Now his eyes went to Clint. "I've been talking to the tech department, and they think they can add a recording-device to your hearing-aids without compromising their original function."
They sped around a corner and down one of the three different lanes of the mall, speeding in the direction of a Macy's.
"We don't do anything," Jarvis said, sounding mildly annoyed. "Do not touch the cradle."
She pulled her purple helmet over her head, and wrapped her arms around his waist. Bucky kicked the bike into gear, and they roared out of the parking lot. The bike still worked wonderfully, and Emma was sort of ridiculously proud of both it and Bucky.
"Isn't there science behind that? That the mini ones are better than the originals?" Clint tossed in as he and Helen rounded the couch. "Obviously, you're right, I'm just asking."
"Yeah," Bucky replied, feeling the tight feeling in his chest lessen a little. Steve glanced down to see Darcy and beamed at her too. Amazing what a weekend away with someone they love can do to a usually bright person. Steve was practically
"I'll wear lipstick if I want!" Emma declared.
Emma twined their fingers together, giving him a soft smile. "Hey, do you have a quarter?"
Peter turned his eyes on Bucky.
"Hi. Time to wrap up your shopping."
"C'mooon, it's just for today! I'm going out with my friends later, and it looks so good on me!" Emma whined, leaning away from the older girl's hands.
And then the floor gave way.
"Of course, Sir."
"Yeah, I guess I should let you guys think you're strict parents a little longer," she huffed. Damian rubbed his fingers against her back, simultaneously supporting and soothing her.
"That was cats, from Futurama. But Auntie Katie says Lucky's just really smart," Emma said, waving him off as she skipped into the training room, immediately going for the still rings. "Just 'cause he's smart doesn't make him a mutant. That'd be like asking you if you were a mutant just 'cause you're smart."
"Step away from me," Damian said calmly, but it's the wrong kind of calm, the kind of calm he is before he punches someone in the face. The paparazzi whipped out a camera from the bag, and snapped a picture of him. Emma winced.
"Fine. I'll see what I can do."
"Emma, get out of here," Tony said, his voice surprisingly serious for being Tony as he pressed some buttons on his phone. "I'm not kidding, out!"
have to do it when you're much more capable and just as available?" Bucky asked incredulously, and Natasha threw yet another discared dress at him.
Hope you enjoy! <3
"No," he said, appearing from out of the bathroom, pulling his shirt over his head. "I just... I didn't exactly have a good job back... back then. Don't know what I qualify as now. Can't be a firefighter, too much PTSD, can't be a police officer, never actually went to an academy and doing so now would probably trigger my PTSD, can't go to medical school or anyting, because I don't actually have a college degree, and oh, right, looking at bodies would trigger my PTSD!" he snapped, going for his shoes by the door and snatching them off the floor.
Now that she tried to explore what else hurt besides her head and back, she felt her thigh burn with pain. She'd definitely had much much worse before, so she didn't pay it as much mind as she could've. Everything tingled with what Emma associated with her body healing; the odd sensation of flesh and muscle-fibers and occasionally bone desperately trying to knit itself back together.
"Dada always reads Peter Pan to me before bed," he said, turning his big doe eyes on Bucky. He sighed.
"How's she doing?"
"Of course, sweetheart, you got it."
to be equally furious when it's you and Emma."
Bucky shrugged. "Your mom."
if it was me and Peter," Natasha snarled, jabbing against the shield again in sheer anger. "I have
"Wanna play? Okay," she agreed a little breathily. "Catch me if you can."
Peter was just telling them that a zebra's skin was actually black, when the door to the stairs opened again, and Emma appeared, looking winded and sort of pissed off. She was still wearing her shirt from earlier, but had changed pants, and was barefoot. Her hair was up in a messy bun, and her eyes flashed in anger.
"Bruce? With me?" she asked gently, stroking a hand over the jumping muscles in his shoulders soothingly. He made a whimpering noise, and Emma gently hushed him again, looking around them. They'd landed somewhere she didn't recognize off the top of her head, which suggested it was one of those places in the tower where people actually worked. It was currently entirely dark, probably because it was like two am, but the little lights flashing in front of Emma's eyes suggested she shouldn't be straining her eyes trying to look into the dark.
She grimaced, and sat up further. "Okay. Well, what are you itchy about?"
Weird, since it was almost two am when he finally gave in. Bucky took a scalding shower before dumping himself into the guest bed and falling asleep.
"Really, James? Last time I heard you talk about your weekend with Peter, you were scared shitless," she reminded him.
Some other Avengers had been in the room when they'd gone under. They'd find them. However, Emma wasn't sure when Bruce would be able to move again. From the way he looked like every move hurt, it might be a little while.
This was the umpteenth time they were discussing this, and Bucky wasn't even one step closer to winning.
"Cute. Alright, move you little gremlins, I gotta get something to eat before this place becomes a mess hall, emphasis on the mess."
"Should I be jealous you're making kids with other men?" Steve joked a little distantly, and Tony grabbed his ass lovingly.
She hushed him gently just to soothe, running a slightly shaky hand through his hair. Bruce's breathing was shot to hell, and she was pretty sure the burning sensation in her thigh was rebar, the blood spreading down her naked thigh. The feeling of it was all too recognizable, normal for her.
"I thought you didn't doubt he could?" Clint questioned. Natasha shrugged.
"Well, aren't you just a ray of fuuu-" Stark said, and apparently changed his mind mid word, "-uuudging sunshine."
Darcy huffed. "Good thing that's not exactly what I'm looking for then!"
Wanda tilted her head at him, her eyes flashing scarlet, and smiled. It was small, but its radiance was like the moon, and Vision stored the visual in their memory banks for further perusal at a later time.
"Call him back then," he sighed and yawned.
"I have no objections," it stated, and Emma blinked, because that's what it was. A statement.
Bucky opened the book to the page Jarvis and Peter directed him to, and he read out loud for Peter to hear until he felt Peter's breathing slow, and his Iron Man plushie slipped a little from his grip. Bucky carefully slid out from the sleeping child's arm, and put the book back in it's spot on the shelf.
"You look like a million bucks, Nat," he supplied as they both looked at their reflection in the mirror.
"Hey. Look at me." When he met her beautiful blue eyes, she smiled softly. "I love you."
Bruce flew back in later that night, on a Stark-jet, and arrived in the middle of the night. Vision had no real bed, and Tony felt sort of weird offering them a guest-room, so he just stayed with them in the workshop, distantly keeping an eye on the parental controls for Vision's internet connection as he worked on the new Starkphone and Starktab because Pepper had made Jarvis play one of his most loathed songs very loudly until he did what she'd asked him to.
"Is that bad, or something?"
"This is what you've been working on?" Steve said, a loved-up and amazed look on his face. "Tony, you're absolutely amazing."
"Why are you wearing cape?" Wanda asked curiously.
"Really?"
"What's that mean?" Emma asked. "Auditive."
Clint hadn't gotten much rest tonight either, if only because Natasha couldn't stay still once she was actually in bed. Maybe she could survive on catnaps, but Clint had not only been woken up in the middle of the night to fight one of his friends to save his daughter from harm, he'd also gotten fairly used to sleeping at least six hours at a time by now, and he was
"There you are, kiddo. Wanna go shoot with me? Kate made some new arrows she wants to try, and she also brought several whole canned chickens," he said, his eyebrows jumping up and down. "Have I caught your interest?"
"Uh-huh. That was nice of him," Steve replied, his voice warm and soothing enough for Peter to nuzzle into Bucky's real side. The contact nearly startled Bucky, but he'd gotten more used to Peter's incessant cuddling, and could now handle it without flinching and/or freaking out as it happened.
"Yes, dear god, please tell me you brought a spider-book for Peter," he said a little desperately. The other scientist laughed, and rubbed his eyes underneath his glasses.
"Now, now, let's not be picky!" she called back, just as Wanda appeared in front of her face.
"Right, because they don't understand them. Because they're babies. What you guys made isn't a baby. Vision is intelligent enough to understand basic human contact and, like, how society is built, and gender identities. Which means they can make their own informed decision what they identify as before you push anything onto them," Emma explained patiently. "It wouldn't be fair to just pin 'dude' on them and then, since they don't know anything else than being called 'dude', assume that that's what they identify as. That'd be like someone pinning me for a guy and telling me I'm a guy when I feel like a girl. You with me here?"
The top of the casket-like box was made of glass, and Emma crouched by the side of it, running a hand over the smooth surface. Immediately, the casket lit up from within. A face came into view, eyes closed and skin red and green.
"I'm hot either way," he said haughtily, and Emma confiscated the glasses for his attitude, throwing both pairs back onto the rack.
So sorry about the delay, I've watched civil war for the first time and then infinity war in like... the span of three days. So I'm a little ruined, and it's been like eating wet paper towels, trying to write (weird metaphor but like??? I can't think of a better way to describe it). Here's a late chapter anyways!!
adorable. Currently, she was purring like a little chainsaw in Bucky's lap.
moments? This is one of them. I need his brain, which means I can't let you beat him up," he said very quickly, smiling down at her. "Defend Vision's choice as much as you want, you know I'm all here for it, but educational moments. Okay? Please?"
"I miss you," Peter said with a sniffle. Steve's smile turned softer.
"I'm going to Damian's!" Emma declared cheerfully, trying to get the mood in the room to match her tone. It didn't really help, only made Tony sigh, and put his chin in his palm.
"Sort of like Peter, except less shy. They did scream a lot, but just... Happy screams. It was weird," Bucky said, but the look on his face said it wasn't a bad kind of weird, just surprising. Maybe a little intriguing. "Hard to tell from other screams, sometimes."
"Just yank it out," Emma breathed.
"Huh. Well, I didn't see that coming," Emma grinned. "You really want kids?"
"Nice." There was a dinging noise, and Emma held her phone up, smiling at it briefly. Tony tossed her a look over his shoulder.
on the kid, he really should leave.
"Excited for your fuck-a-thon with Stark?" Bucky asked, and Steve blushed as he laughed bashfully.
"I don't know," he repeated, feeling like a broken record. "You know I can't, anyway."
"How about a hug?" Emma asked. "That's like, one of the most important things ever."
"Most of the time I'm barrelling forward to save
"Ooh, bribery. I'm in," Helen agreed, and Clint laughed as he followed his partner's trail into the living room.
Steve continued reading and looking for a piece of paper with a contract, with no success.
With an arch of her fingers, the door opened, and Steve was compelled to stand up and bid his goodbye. He barely had the time to yell out a thank you before he was ushered out of the mansion. They left him on the sidewalk, his head full of thoughts, his mind trying to make sense of what she had told him.
“You’re going to say that you’re one of my cousins. If he asks you why he hasn’t seen you before, just say that your mother was wed into the family not too long ago. My mother’s part of the family is so large that he should buy it. Anyways. You’re going to say that you’ve been spending some time with me, and that you decided to go in my place when you realised, I was going to avoid meeting him, like a coward. And then, you just need to tell bad stuff about me. Tell him that I eat hearts, tell him about my courting, uh, that I’m always blowing things up, that I’m hiding in my castle, anything! You just need to make it believable.”
Cap looked worried.
“We haven’t got a choice, J. She’ll find us today, for sure, and then we’ll have to do it regardless. It’s moving or dying, and I know what I’m choosing.”
Steve wasn’t imagining the fire growing bigger, was he?
The desert was relatively flat, a few sand dunes and boulders disturbing the horizon. Steve could see terrible winds lifting up clouds of sand. Where he stood, in the field, there was only a gentle breeze.
Silvery goo gushed from between his teeth as he smiled at Steve, his claw outstretched—
She pushed him off him, and he fell to his side, his body screaming at him to find something cold, something hard, anything to stave off the pain, anything to make it stop—
And that was the end of that conversation.
Steve eyes him, decides if he wants to deign Tony with and answer, and some part of him screams in anger at the lack of trust while the rest of him breaks a little more.
—to know that Steve is aware of the time loops. It answers some of Tony’s questions, at least.
There was so much to think about, and Steve could spend hours on it, but a flash distracted him. The paper with the address was glowing a bright blue, the words morphing under Steve’s gaze. After a few seconds, the address was simply “the royal castle”, and the arrow was glinting silver, in a new direction.
Steve liked the bakery. The people working there were always friendly, and if he helped with carrying the bags of flour, he’d get a free
Steve looked at the life in his hands, looked at his love on the ground, and didn’t hesitate.
“I don’t—she told me—I can’t tell you, I can’t, it never works—”
He’s slept six hours this night. It’s a perfectly healthy amount of sleep for his new, improved body. Technically, he doesn’t even need to sleep. He scans himself, just to be sure. Nothing comes up: he’s fully rested, he doesn’t have any fever, he’s healthy. Of course he is. He has Extremis.
He waits for Steve, sitting again, hands to his sides.
This both did and did not answer his doubts. Iron Man and Cap knew
He wondered what Natasha thought about this. Did she agree with the guild leader? She was a very goal-oriented person, Steve knew, and was more calculating than himself. He didn’t know if he approved that about her, but he understood that where he could use his brute strength to intimidate people or win fights, she had to rely on her wits. She was whip-smart and wasn’t afraid to use it to outsmart others. Now that he thought about it, this might be right up her alley. He would have to ask her the next time they saw each other.
Tony and the Witch were both high in the air above the water, Tony surrounded by blue magic and the Witch by yellow magic. They were shooting beams at each other, loud bangs echoing in the air, the waves underneath them tall and wild. They flew around each other, dodging and shooting, yelling incantations and curses in strange tongues.
“I remember, Tony. I
He walked down the stairs, surprised when he didn’t feel the magic anymore. Did it only affect the ones that walked upwards? Steve decided to try it out. He walked up a few steps, but nothing happened. He supposed the magic knew somehow that he’d already seen the King.
wrong.
Someone was…
They loved each other, yet they regretted the contract. Miss Potts had told Steve that a fire demon could corrupt their human’s heart, and that it had happened to the Witch of the Waste. Was this what Jarvis and Tony were afraid of?
a little voice told him. It wasn’t Natasha, this time
He backs off and drags Tony to his feet, cuffing his wrists behind his back.
Cap and Stark jumped apart, both of their faces red. Stark was the first to recover. He sent a piercing look at Tony.
“I saw you, clear as day, and I never forgot. I knew I had to see you. I never told anyone about you, except for Janet. She had to know that I might leave one day to find you. I don’t know if she really believed me when I told her, but she was confident that there was such a small chance that we would ever meet, that she could stay with me without fear of competition. When we broke up, I started looking more seriously for you. I searched relentlessly, and finally found myself on the hills outside of Brooklyne, where, according to the rumours, a man with the exact same characteristics as the one I was looking for lived. Unfortunately, the Witch knew about my search, and she was ruthless in a way I couldn’t be, kidnapping and killing people that looked like you. I made the mistake of letting you slip through my fingers, on the first night we met, because I wanted to give you time to get accustomed to me. She found you faster than I could come back. I’m sorry. You could say that it’s my fault that she cursed you in the first place.”
Tony still hasn’t decided if he should be there. He suspects that Fury is going to try something, or maybe the Winter Soldier. Tony has his own agents, of course, but he’s still new as a Director, and he can’t fully trust that they will listen to him if Fury decides to make himself known.
It was heart-warming. He wondered if Jarvis was that protective of Steve, or if maybe Stark had told him to defend Steve. He scoffed at himself; now was not the time to daydream. He squared his shoulders and drew himself up as much as he could. He knocked on the heavy gate.
A fleeting thought crossed his mind. Wasn’t he supposed to be wondering about O’Casta, if she and Tony had something going on? He hadn’t even told Tony that she had come by. But it didn’t seem that important now that he was face to face with Tony. It could wait.
He’s in control of Extremis. He’s still himself.
"I'm not asking you. I brought you here, and whether I let you go back or not is dependent on your collaboration."
Tony scoffed at him, and for a moment Steve felt himself grow hot with anger, but it dissipated in an instant when he realised that Tony was lying.
After fifteen minutes of inconclusive results, Iron Man banged his hand on the worktable.
"I want you to work for me, Tony."
Steve missed Brooklyne.
“Could you. Could you hold me.”
Steve dried his tears and got himself in control again.
So he sat in the shop and made his brushes during the day, worked at the docks during the evening, and dreamt of painting during the night.
Steve had the vivid image of Jarvis’ vulnerable centre come to his mind and decided that enough was enough.
Stark slept through most of the morning, resurfacing a few hours past midday, looking well-rested. He had changed clothes, wearing something sumptuous in deep red, his earrings glinting golden. Steve suddenly felt inadequate, in his white linen shirt and paint-stained pants. He had paint on his hands too, he realised, and flushed.
Clint pressed a thumb into a crick in his neck, and sighed.
"I'm your gaming-chair, your chef, and now your chauffeur?" Bucky tossed over his shoulder.
"Hulk!" she shouted, waving her arms. "Hi! Hi big guy! Look at me!" The Hulk roared, and Emma just beamed at him. "Now that I've got your attention, what do you call an acid with an attitude?"
"Sparred with Steve. Watched Bishop and Barton shoot a little. Went for a run with Sam and Nat. What sort of assholes did you have to deal with at work today?"
There was a light silence in the living room, and Bucky was back to reading and Peter was back to his cars on the floor, in his cute pj's, when he suddenly pierced Bucky with a look.
"I'm fine, Bruce, don't worry! I heal quick," she promised him soothingly. Bruce's breaths were coming short, huffy, and she cupped his face gently. "Look at me. Look at me, Bruce." They met eyes, and Emma placed his hand on her heart, just like he'd done so many times with her in the beginning. "Breathe with me. In and out, just like this. Good."
"What do you mean 'it effing worked'?" he asked, sort of loudly, and with extremely wide eyes. His eyes immediately fell on Vision, and Vision stared back. "Oh, holy crap. Holy- What
"God no. C'mere."
teammates, but he could tell Natasha wasn't feeling lenient and ready to forgive right now.
Grudgingly, Emma rolled off of Pietro, and the boy crawled up on all fours, rubbing his shoulder with a frown.
'. The archer frowned, but shifted until he was sitting comfortably in the rubble next to the two of them, instead of half-way on top of them.
Damian frowned. "Fair enough."
"What can you tell me about rumors that Brucie Wayne is about to retire and let Tim Drake-Wayne take over W.E.?" the man tossed out as he snapped a few more pictures. Emma saw Damian's look go darker, and his eyes narrow.
He shrugged, again, because he was horribly unhelpful sometimes. "That Tony didn't protect you, and then shrugged your injuries off because you heal."
"Agents?" Coulson said mildly. "Mission threatening the sanctity of our nation here?"
"On vacusion," he said.
"Grab a fuckin' plate and stop eyeing the food like it's got it's legs spread, what is
"I thought the Winter Soldier would be more... Bad guy," she said quietly, more of a question than a statement. Peter was confused.
"Well, I think she's gonna go train a bit before she eats anything. We'll see. Otherwise she might have tea with Bruce, because apparently, he makes better tea than I do."
"She's got you there," he agreed.
Bucky snagged his keys off the hook, and shot Tony a blank look. "I provide occasional free childcare and something you can never give your own husband, which is a piece of his past."
She shrugged. "It's not like I want kids right now, or anything."
“It’s too late for that. You can’t. Not even like this. You know it’s not real, and you won’t let yourself pretend all the way. I don’t know why, to be honest. I touch you, and I speak to you. I could kiss you, I think. Do you want me to kiss you?”
But what about the Witch? Was she around as well?
Steve nodded. He had.
“All right, help me move the chair and the couch to the side, we need space in front of the fireplace.”
He looked around, hoping that the mess in the kitchen might have magically vanished overnight, but to his disappointment, absolutely nothing had changed. He looked back to the fire and put another log in the flames. The fire demon seemed to wake up at that, the face forming once again and peering at him, almost in an analysing way.
From where he's crouching on the ground, he can see the polished boots of cannon-fodder encircling him.
Tony’d been looking for Strange for all this time, even though he’d said to the King that he didn’t want to. Yet another example of Tony saying something and doing the exact opposite. All his lies had been uncovered, Steve realised. About why he was seeing Natasha, about him eating hearts, about his so-called promiscuity, his so-called egoism, and now about the reason why he’d been visiting Jocasta, and where his heart really lay.
He was broken out of his thoughts when Stark asked:
“Hello, dears. I was hoping to avoid a real fight, but the cat’s out of the bag now. Thank you for letting me in, Steve.”
“In fact, I do have half a spell. It appeared in my kitchen a few days ago, come in, I’ll show you.”
He hoped it wouldn’t be too big of a problem for Tony. Steve would help him, anyhow, if Tony needed him to. It was the least he could do.
Was Tony still going to Shield? It looked like he’d stopped as soon as he’d met O’Casta, but Steve hadn’t outright asked him. But then again, he hadn’t gone to O’Casta today. But he’d left through the black door. Did he want Steve to believe he was visiting miss O’Casta while he was courting someone else instead?
“No no no no no no. What have you done. What have you
He took a too deep breath and promptly started coughing all over the place. He doubled over, cursing his bad luck and ill-timed spells of coughing. Why was this happening right now, not two seconds after he’d said he could manage on his own? James even had the nerve to smirk, the cheeky jerk! Tony, on the other hand, had a look of concern on his face. Good, at least
“This—This isn’t me, it’s the ge—gem” he wheezes, gasping for air, as Steve pushes and pushes.
He shivered violently, deep hacking coughs shaking his frame, and looked at Steve. He rasped out:
He sees the glint of the rifle just as Steve shouts and lunges for the U.S. Marshal in front of him. A blink later, the shot echoes between the buildings. Tony’s elbowing people out of the way, the undersheath sliding out of his bones, tearing his clothes as he runs to where Steve has fallen to his knees.
“Would you draw this?”
Of course, Steve wanted to know why Tony had gone to miss O’Casta, and he would try to get the information out of Tony, but he could back off if Tony absolutely wanted him to. He knew that Tony was kind, and empathetic, and it wasn’t even that bad that he flirted with a lot of people (if Steve told himself that enough times, he might even start to believe it), so why did Tony insist on painting an unflattering picture of himself? To Steve, who had figured out, albeit with a lot of help from Jarvis, that Tony was a good man?
But he never touched the wall. He was in Tony’s arms instead, Tony who was a mass of feathers, but still had the same eyes, and told him in a rough but so, so soft voice:
Oh, yes, Steve seems to be Hydra, as well. It's not something Tony saw coming. Then again, Tony himself is the opposite of what he was.
He asked Jarvis to slow down the castle enough to let him jump off it without difficulty, which the fire demon did. He opened the door, enjoying the brisk breeze on his face, looked out over the grass, and slammed the door shut again with a scream.
Steve’s jaw tenses, a tendon pulling in his neck. Is he debating the pros and cons of beating Tony to death versus beheading him? Is he wondering if he shouldn’t just get it over with until Tony’s so broken he won’t be able to speak, let alone disappoint Steve anymore?
“I have my sources, of course. Don’t worry, I won’t tell Stark about your identity, nor the curse. But you should be informed that anyone involved with him in any way becomes a person of interest to the King, and thus to Shield. All for the kingdom’s security, you see.”
The magician walked over to where Steve was, still crouched, and helped him up effortlessly with a hand curled around Steve’s wrist. Up this close, Steve could see his features. He was almost as tall as Steve, his eyes a deep blue, his black hair artfully ruffled, lips curling in a smile underneath a neat moustache. He couldn’t be much older than Steve himself. His clothes were almost shimmering in the night, his earrings two drops of light on his ears.
“Today the Witch’s curse will be fulfilled,” Steve answered. It was only one of the things that was wrong, but undoubtedly the most pressing one.
Steve breaks the kiss and Tony realises he hasn’t breathed in too long and sucks in a breath. Steve is still looking at Tony, and suddenly Tony realises what just happened. He confessed his love to Steve and Steve didn’t kill him. Steve
Steve looked down at himself and laughed when he saw that he had his old body back. The Witch’s curse was gone, just as Jarvis had told Steve.
it had to be a magic scarecrow. Apparently, Steve couldn’t catch a break. Ever since he’d met the Witch, it had been one thing after the other. What next, was the grey dog secretly a bloodthirsty werewolf?
James was sitting at the table already, eating a…raw…piece of bacon. He had some animalistic tendencies left, then. Steve sat down, too exhausted emotionally and physically to bother using the pan. He wasn’t even sure he’d be able to lift it. He cut a piece of bread and tried to forget what he’d been dreaming about.
“What’s going on, old buddy? I’m sure you and Mr.Stark can come to an agreement. I don’t want any of you to be hurt.”
“Thank you, Mr. Rogers, I am much obliged.”
The worst part is, Steve doesn’t seem to mind. How is Tony supposed to resist Steve if Steve wants to spend time with Tony? How can Tony fight his instincts if Steve comes to him when he works, bringing him a sandwich and a cup of coffee, asking for nothing in return but company?
He wants to turn around and wrap himself around Steve, but he can’t move. His muscles are paralyzed, he’s gasping for air. He lies there, curled up, chest heaving erratically, and Steve is there, holding him close. A warm hand is in the middle of his chest, tugs him until their bodies slot together. It’s heavenly. Tony hasn’t felt this warm in months.
That was the problem with having a kid with noble, good intentions. Damn Emma and her sense of responsibility for other's safety.
"I don't require food, no," Vision said, and it's voice came out a little less robot-sounding this time, a little more melodious.
"I'm sorry I was mean to you," Emma pouted, and Pietro was gone in a flash. Emma gaped, and Clint resigned himself to having to mediate between these two until he and Natasha left for the mission, but then there was a puff of air, and Pietro reappeared, holding the socks in question in hand.
At three pm, Natasha and Clint came back with a dirt covered Peter, who was pretty much asleep. Bucky knew Peter didn't usually take naps, but the only two people who knew how to take real care of children in his vicinity were Natasha and Jarvis, and really, Jarvis wasn't even human, but if neither was protesting, let the kid nap. Bucky kinda wanted a nap.
"Oh really?" she grinned at him, their eyes meeting over her shoulder. He stroked a thumb over her jawline with the metal hand, the light touch making her shiver again.
"Fair enough," she agreed, just as Clint made offended sputtering-noises.
"What do you mean?"
"You had a mission for us?" she asked, and Coulson nodded, laying the file on the table between them.
"Ow! I need that arm, you know!" Clint bemoaned, rubbing his arm.
"Aunt Katie-Kate," she hummed. "I dunno. I don't think I should have a title because that sort of labels me as a responsible adult, and I really shouldn't be your go-to responsible adult."
"Yeah," Steve agreed. "Y'know what, I'm going to check on him before I join you guys. Save some coffee for me and Tony."
It took a few beeps for Stark to pick up.
"You were mean to me!"
He could hear her muffled 'It's not a date' when he'd closed the door.
"Hey, this is a good learning opportunity for you, my electrical bud," Emma said, getting to her feet, and making her way over to the two collapsed super-soldiers. When Vision didn't move, she looked back. "That's you."
"Yeah, soon. I think Damian might be picking me up? We'll see," she said, pulling her phone out of her pocket and disappearing back into the elevator. Clint rolled his eyes heavenwards.
"Wow!" Emma gaped from where she was standing in the still-rings. "That's so cool!" Tony grinned at her.
"Vision's gender is as of yet undecided, dad," Emma said decisively as they made their way over to the elevator.
"That's just fucking dramatic. Let's just sit down, okay? I'll be fine in a minute," Emma grit out as Damian led her over to a bench nearby.
"Mission?" he asked, even though he doubted it.
When Emma said those words out loud in front of Tony, the genius burst out laughing and called Reed Mr. Silly Putty until he took his notes and left, muttering under his breath angrily. Finally, it was only Helen Cho, Hank Pym, Tony, Emma, and Vision left in the room.
The next morning was calmer, easier, because Peter was in his bed and still sleepy enough to be carried downstairs and be set down in the couch with a blanket and bright tv-shows. He ate cereal and another apple, Peter had a weird love for apples, and Bucky didn't eat at all, because he felt like shit at the moment from the lack of sleep and nothing could change that.
"Mother of fuck!" Emma yelped when she looked inside. "Holy fucking shit. That's a person!" Wanda came closer as Emma pressed her face to the glass. "Why is there a person in there?!"
"C'mon. Take Emma, would you?" Clint said silently. Steve had the worried-leader look on his face, like he was feeling conflicted in his husband duties and his team-leader duties, but Clint met his eyes and Steve and Tony stepped aside to let Natasha carry the sleeping Emma out again. Clint turned to Helen, and smiled reassuringly. "Again, thanks, Doc. Don't know what we would've done without you."
Tbh, I feel like I've written Natasha a little too soft lately, so I wanted to counter it with some fighting. She feels like she could take down all the Avengers if she really wanted to, but hasn't had a reason to, yet? Is that just me who thinks that? Share your thoughts!
"If I need it, yeah."
However, Coulson frowned at her.
"Mobsters only trust each other as far as they can throw each other. They're gonna check us for wires," she pointed out. "We won't be able to get anything concrete if we don't have wires, of a sort."
"Having fun with ol' Uncle Buck?" Tony asked sweetly. "Hi Bucky, by the way."
"Hey, don't you have somewhere to be, Little Miss Disappear?" Tony said pointedly.
"Oh, god," Bruce said from the floor, eyes wide as he clutched at his chest, getting up on all fours. "Christ, no. No, no no."
"Hot dogs," Peter said, his voice a little muffled by the food.
Emma laughed, and stepped out with him.
Bucky conceded, and held his metal arm out to Natasha, who pressed the folds in all the right places, bless her, revealing the small space where he used to keep small explosives, and found a tiny wad of cash.
"Damian Wayne, right? I'm Jamie Grant from the Gotham Gazette. Can I get-" the man said, his eyes gleaming with excitement. Oh, a reporter. Well, shit.
"Oh, hey, Jarvis, put a blocker on social media, we don't need Vision on Twitter or Facebook or something until we've taught them to use their thumbs," Tony said hurriedly, tapping on his tablet.
"'S not the point, doll," he said, shaking his head as he grabbed his helmet off the bike, and tossed Emma's purple one to her.
"Is that so?"
"Oof, Stevie, language!" Bucky called after his friend with the slightest of smirks on his lips.
"I miss papa an' dada," he sniffed. Oh. Well, that made sense. Tiny kid gets left without it's parents, gets distressed. Obviously. Tony had been gone on businesstrips and Steve on missions, but none of them had ever happened at the same time. Now Peter didn't have his papa or his dada, and he missed them. Right. How to fix that, then.
"Scoot," Bucky said, nudging with his head to his left. Peter did as told, and Bucky crawled in with him, throwing his real arm around the kid's tiny shoulders. The tablet showed a picture of Steve and Tony, Steve with a younger Peter on his shoulders and getting a kiss on the cheek from Tony. "I uh, I guess we could video call them?"
"Ultron had it programmed into him. Sir believed it was one of the sources of his malfunction," Jarvis relayed from above them. Emma hummed.
"No need to fight? You would be
Thankfully, neither had been grievously injured, but Steve couldn't stop blushing, and Bucky was still very amused at Steve being distracted enough by the image of his husband with a robot dick to get hit hard enough to lose his breath.
Wanda was a whole other story. She talked to Bruce a lot, and enjoyed being in his lab more than Tony's. Said it felt better for her energies. Bruce had posed the theory that it had to do with her powers being chaos-based, and a calm environment would be soothing if she didn't want to use them. Tony had installed a fountain on Wanda and Pietro's floor to make calming white-noise, and that's usually where she'd sleep, when she felt like it. At least she'd responded to Clint shoving food down their throats like he wanted her too, up to a healthier weight and happy with it.
It was a cute drawing, with a kid with brown hair and glasses holding hands with a man in black with brown hair to his shoulders, and the kid was holding his metal arm, that was of obviously colored silver. There was a squiggly line at the top of the paper. The childish handwriting above the two figures declared that it was definitely Peter and Bucky holding hands with the sun in one corner and flowers on the ground next to them. How did Peter even know how to write? Must be a genetic thing to be super smart even at the tender age of four and a half.
Despite Damian's eyerolling, he bought the Lego set for her, and also a pair of bouncy balls. Emma accepted it only because she knew that Lego and bouncy balls could be used while they were together and having fun.
The pain of going through three floors wasn't all that bad, not really, not as bad as she remembered it. Once they actually stopped crashing, she saw the Hulk's huge shoulders shrinking, becoming less green, until it was Bruce's face she had tucked under her chin instead. He wasn't making any noise, mostly just making very small movements and and clenching his hands where they were right above her shoulders.
And with that said, he promptly fell asleep.
He hates you and will never forgive you for what you did, a slithery voice murmurs in the back of his head.
Steve didn’t know what to do.
"I don't have a choice at all, do I?"
Almost there.
Had Steve made such a long-lasting impression that… but why? What had been so special about…
Should Steve leave? Should he go back to his room and draw until he was needed again? There wasn’t much he could do here. Maybe he could speak to James, learn a little more about how he met Natasha.
He had wild eyes, Steve noticed. Wild and as grey as his fur had been. His hair was shaggy, falling to his shoulders, a dirty brown. His arm, though, was what really caught Steve’s attention. It was shimmering faintly, silver strands of magic running up and down the skin. Steve had seen that arm before. This man was the same one that had come with the Witch of the Waste when she cursed Steve. Was he here on the Witch’s orders? Should Steve throw him out? But he’d been at Shield, with Lord Fury. Was he a prisoner there? Or was he another victim of the Witch?
She shrieked, an ear-piercing scream, and flared up. Her yellow magic exploded around her, forming a supernova of energy, but Steve held his ground, and Tony stayed strong, his body rising into the air, still pouring a deluge of blue light towards her.
He felt a bit faint.
The soldiers drew their weapons, shouting at him that he was going to regret sticking his nose where it didn’t belong, and Steve silently watched as the girl slipped away into the safety of the main street. He’d done good, and whatever happened now, it would be worth it. He let the guards circle him, muscles tensed and ready to bolt or fight his way out. He’d never fought men with bayonet mounted muskets before. One of them lunged at him, and he sidestepped the sharp blade at the end of the gun. The soldier had aimed for his heart. The alcohol had gone to their heads, and they were trying to kill him. He didn’t plan on dying like this, however.
He didn’t stop before he was in front of the castle, if it could be called a castle.
Yinsen forced Tony to stay in this world, and Tony has to deal with that. He still oscillates between seeing this as his penance or a stolen chance. He won’t lie, there’s been a few times where he’s spent a little too long staring down the barrel of a gun, or into the glow of the repulsor node on his gauntleted hand.
Invariably, Steve answered the voices.
“Tony Stark, former adventurer, now spy, at your service. Captain America, huh? Guess I should have known this would be your codename. And you’re a part of the avengers?”
She walked to the fireplace, letting her hand trail over the artifacts on the mantelpiece, pausing slightly at the human skull.
And that, that didn’t make sense, because Steve was sure of it, he’d heard those old ladies, heard about the disappearances from Mrs. Carter herself, he knew that Jarvis had to be lying. Except that Steve knew for a fact that fire demons could not lie. He’d even tested that particular statement with Jarvis, verifying for himself that the information in the books was not erroneous.
He could see the understanding forming behind Stark’s eyes.
A lot of things happened at the same time. Strange shouted something, Tony cried out and clutched at his chest, and the armours descended upon Steve, Strange, and Tony. In mere seconds, they were immobilised, the hard palms of the suits digging into their heads and chest.
Tony doesn’t want a kiss. He wants Steve to be alive.
“No. It’s perfect. It’s
Then again, the key in his pocket pointed to the opposite.
The man in question was smiling happily, but sidestepped Tony’s attempt at an embrace. He diverted the topic of conversation towards other scientific leaps.
Wouldn’t like that he was hopelessly falling for Tony, even if he knew that he had no chance with him.
“I can’t believe it. Here I am, stuck with you, and you’re saying you can’t engineer your way out of this? I thought you were supposed to be a genius, a master of the machines, or is a time loop too much for the
It would scar if Tony didn’t have a spell to make it heal faster. Just another scar to go with the ones he already had. Steve traced one of them with his fingers, wondering where it came from. He jerked back when Tony shivered under him.
“I don’t know. He didn’t tell me much before he turned back into a dog.”
Steve crouched, trying to get to eye-level with the animal, but as he dropped down, the dog grew, until it was standing on its hind legs. The fur fell away, the dog’s shape morphing and twisting on itself until it solidified into a man. A naked, shivering man.
“Do you still have the same override codes.”
“Armour I used to wear that I thought made me invincible.”
Would it be better or worse if Steve knew about the time loop? Is it better if Steve is so angry that he wants to kill Tony, or that he kills Tony because he knows the time loop will reset? It’s obvious that the time loop resets if one of them dies, but is there another way to reset it? Does it reset after a determined amount of time? Does it reset if one of them is unconscious? Why is there a time loop in the first place? How can they break it?
He was turning into human, by himself! Steve hurried over to him as he finished his transformation, panting from the effort. He was looking a little healthier than last time, Steve noticed. The food and water must have done good. Or maybe it was the sleeping. It didn’t really matter, though. Steve needed to know more about the man before he turned into a dog again.
He asked Jarvis about it. Was it a one-time thing, the Porthaven charity?
Instead, Steve lets go of him, angry and bewildered, and starts pacing around the room. The mood has shifted once again, Tony’s unresponsiveness seeming to have propelled Steve in a state of confusion and hurt anger instead of all-consuming wrath.
He’d walk to Ma’Hattan, see what he could do, and then he would send her a letter. And write that she shouldn’t come. Yes, that would work.
, then.”
The flames burned brighter, grew until they filled the fireplace, as if to show that Jarvis was more than capable of taking Steve on, but they came back to their original size quickly, the fire demon growling that it should never have let Steve come in. It bent his head, still muttering under its breath, and Steve smiled and thanked him pleasantly.
The air around Tony seems to stretch, too thin to let sound pass, to thin to let him breathe properly. He drops to his elbows, the armour suddenly too heavy to bear. It leaves him inches from Steve.
he’d ended up.
It’s much easier to die for them.
But that felt so unimportant next to the looming curse above Tony’s head.
, even if they were behind bars.
Tony struggled weakly, gasping when the palm of the suit dug into his chest. He looked at Steve, then, a resolve in his eyes that hadn’t been there before.
The first days with Steve were hell. Tony had been so high strung that he almost bared his teeth when Steve insulted him in front of the whole team. When Steve told him to back off, Tony wanted to push him right back, get into his space, and test which of them was stronger. It didn’t come to that, thankfully. They fought against aliens whose blood smelled like decay, Tony flew a missile into a wormhole, and suddenly he and Steve were friends and the Avengers were living in Tony’s tower.
Tony never understood why Yinsen kept him alive. He had every reason to kill Tony, to let him die. Yinsen had lost everything because of Tony, and yet he saved his life. Tony’ll never know why Yinsen turned him. Sometimes he thinks it was to force him to deal with the consequences of the destruction he reaped. Sometimes he thinks that it was fate that put him there, under Yinsen’s teeth. Yinsen was the final step in Tony’s metamorphosis from genius child to Merchant of Death. Now Tony’s very being is centred around killing.
Cap cleared his throat. “Then please call me Steve. And, Tony, thank you for telling me. I know you didn’t want us to know, but I’m so glad you told me. And I really think that Ant-Man and the Wasp would like to know too, and Thor as well. You can trust me, us, with this. We’ll keep your identity safe.”
He was free again.
Was she invisible?
He can’t set a timer. It’s not a problem. He has the command line ready, he just needs to hit enter and his heart will beat again. He just needs a thought. Even if unconsciousness comes swiftly, he’ll have the time to enter the command.
Steve's built himself an empire. Tony can't wait to topple it all into the ground.
Steve understood two things simultaneously: This man had just used magic, and he’d saved Steve’s life.
Tony came down just as Steve put the eggs on two plates, stopping his train of thought. He was wearing tight-fitting clothes that betrayed the lack of bandages underneath. Why had he taken them off? Steve tried to see if he had already healed, eyes focusing on his chest. He couldn’t see anything. He looked at Tony’s face then, trying to see if the cut on his temple was gone. He felt himself go red when his eyes met Tony’s. Tony knew he’d been checking him over. Even if it was out of concern.
Everything stopped.
, they're in. But it's one that doesn't stand a chance against Extremis 3.0. Tony congratulates himself on a coding well done, and spares a moment to laugh at the pathetic attempt to cage him.
“There is no way into this caste other than the door, and I would have noticed if a spell came sailing in after me. Steve, did you see anything? Did you leave the door open for a longer time, maybe?”
The blue halo pulsed before dimming slightly, giving Stark a more human appearance. His face was blank, but Steve had seen the flash of hurt before the expression had been wiped off Stark’s face. He couldn’t find it in himself to care. Stark was a liar, and it was his own fault if hearing it hurt him.
“You can’t hope to beat me with your magic, Tony, Jalcifervis. You’re way too weak to accomplish anything. Look at the ease with which I took control of your armours, it’s laughable.”
me, all that time, you used me and the Avengers. Letting us handle petty stuff like supervillains while you deal with the real threats with the other grown-ups.
The man’s voice was a rough whisper as he answered:
(Tony knows what the iron man looks like when he consciously lets himself lose, when he stops fighting, when he misses lethal shots that would have killed Steve in a millisecond on purpose. He doesn’t remember, but he saw the footage.)
wanted to read it. Miss O’Casta, however, kept it out of reach.
But if he’s absent, Steve will think that Tony believes himself to be better than him, that Steve is below his notice. If he’s absent, he won’t be there to make sure that no angry civilian jumps Steve. He needs to set an example, too. He wants to show that he’s taking his responsibilities seriously, that he’s going to be on the field as a Director. He doesn’t want to be someone that hides behind closed doors and written commands.
“Eating—eating hearts?”
Steve's right eyebrow twitches. He's not used to people blatantly disrespecting him. Well, it's time someone showed him that not everyone will dance at his beck and call like good little monkeys.
If Tony doesn't go back, he won't revert after the incursions. With Extremis, he can easily shut off life-support of his comatose self. The AI is already self-destructing, but he can help it along, slip it a virus, kill it slowly. It'll be child's play to take the current Tony Stark's place.
“Oh, I’m just looking for Tony, isn’t he here? I wanted to talk to him about the second verse of the poem.”
“Tony sounds like a man who’s desperate to avoid any conflicts, since he sent you instead of going himself, since he doesn’t want to fight the Witch. You’ve told me he’s good at making spells and automatons, which shows his high intellect. He’s also cunning and smart, since he wanted you to criticize him in front of me. Furthermore, from what you’ve told me, he’s deeply empathetic and takes care of people in need. In short, he’s potent, smart, kind, and shrewd. I think that would make him an ideal fit for the position of court sorcerer, don’t you agree? Even if he clearly shows some reluctance to follow orders, with the right motivation, I think we can make it work. If he wants to avoid conflicts, he’ll have to agree that opposing me isn’t a wise decision. Thank you for your time, Mr. Rogers, it was very enlightening.”
Is this Steve’s idea of a punishment? Is it some kind of retribution for making Steve forget, for lying to him? Is this Tony’s sentence, to get killed over and over again by Steve? Or is this a way for Steve to vent his wrath without any long-lasting consequences? Kill a Tony, you’ll feel better?
The door was yanked away from him, Steve barely avoiding losing his balance. The scarecrow was there again, trying to get past Steve. It was fast and strong, but Steve had the advantage. He put the shield between them, pushing with all his might to make the scarecrow lose its grip on the door. (How it was gripping the door in the first place, Steve had absolutely no idea.)
He can delegate, of course. He’s not alone. He has people he trusts, and others he trusts less, but the simple truth is that he’s the only one who can do his job the right way. Steve understands this.
Tony doesn’t want to hear it.
clear as day. The voice was a hissing and crackling sound, but the words still managed to be perfectly understandable. Steve gave the fire three more logs, until it grew satisfied. Steve sat down on a chair next to the fireplace. The fire turned to Steve then, the hinting at a face with a laughing mouth and dancing eyes telling him that it wasn’t just a fire, it was a fire demon.
Steve doesn’t need him. Steve is just fine on his own.
“Now that this is taken care of, do any of you mind telling me what the
“No… It’s back to its original colour—it’s gone! Everything is gone and everyone will see it and he will see it and I don’t want him to kn—I can’t believe it. It’s not—I can’t live like this. This is—I can’t.”
Was the stranger…
There was a lot to think about, Steve knew. Miss Potts had given him clues as well as confused him even more. She knew more about Jarvis and Tony than Steve did, that was sure. She’d said something puzzling; that Steve had magic within him. Was that even possible, a first-born gifted with magic? It felt too good to be true: Steve had never had any luck in life, but now Potts said that he would find a way to break his curse.
Who was this man? Why had he helped Steve? Would he ask for something in retribution, just like some warlocks were prone to do?
, and who knows, maybe I'll draw some more for this fic <3
From one moment to the next, Stark had completely changed. Where he’d been standing upright and close to Steve, he was now leaning slightly towards the woman, a dazzling smile on his face, his voice a lower drawl than it usually was. He looked every inch the seducer he was reputed to be.
Steve wasn’t spotless either.
“Don’t look at me like that. First of all, do you really think I wouldn’t have cast some spells on my workshop’s door? The moment Jarvis opened it, I knew. And then, imagine my surprise when I arrived at the Shield castle and felt Jarvis’ magic! Come on, you can’t have believed that I wouldn’t know? So, what were you doing there?”
Tony can’t even enjoy it to the fullest, his armour an iron wall between him and Steve’s fading warmth. Tony listens to Steve’s rasping breaths and thinks about a hand on the back of his neck and a smile meant for him. He thinks about two hearts pulsing in tandem, slowing as one, giving up the fight and failing together. He focuses on the lukewarm strip of skin that spans from his throat to his ear, his point of contact with Steve.
He was brought here with a cosmic cube, Extremis adds.
He walked out, taking in the fresh afternoon air and looking at the surrounding mountains. Behind him, the castle stopped, then turned around. Jarvis was going to follow him, was he not?
“You’re not answering my question. Why do you always do stuff behind my back and pretend it doesn’t kill you to do it? Even if you don’t remember, you must have a suspicion as to why you acted like that during the war! “
“Ah! I know. Simple, but truly effective against a fickle man like him. Now, don’t even try to lift the curse, you won’t be able to tell anyone about it.”
The flames shifted from orange to green to blue, the heat making Steve sweat. But he wasn’t going to let himself be intimidated like that. Regardless of his size, he wouldn’t back down from a fight.
“Cap? We lost you there for a bit. Don’t worry about the curse, all right? I’ll find a way to fix it, and Jarvis will help, it’ll be okay. But that means I won’t have the time to do anything but fight it, and I really need your help about the King. I trust you understand why it is of utmost importance that you convince him I’m not good for the job, yes?”
thing he wouldn’t get. Apart from Tony taking interest in him, of course. But that was a lost cause. Hell, Tony had every reason to hate Steve now.
Jarvis flared up at the words, eyes angry, and Steve nodded.
“She could have taken your heart at any moment, Tony!”
Fucking coward.
He coughed again, doubling over in pain, and fell to his knees. He looked up, eyes full of fear, as his face elongated, his teeth grew, his bones shifted, and snow-white fur sprouted from his skin. As fast as he had turned into a man, he was back into a dog, this time a huge white wolfdog. He whined, scratched his snout, and lay down in front of the fire, obviously exhausted.
He killed Steve and then the time gem appeared and now he’s in his workshop and he doesn’t know when this is and he killed Steve and he killed him he killed him he killed—
They were going to move
Steve punches him, and Black Widow doesn’t move, but Thor puts a hand on Steve’s shoulder, tells him to calm himself down, that he won’t attack Stark without reason. Steve snarls at that, and why shouldn’t he? He remembers, he knows how hopeless the situation is, he knows that Tony lied to him, and after everything they’ve been through, they might not make it out of this. How many times has Tony betrayed Steve already?
The transformation altered him: Tony is a predator, through and through. It made his bad qualities worse, and he knows it. He keeps away from people, mostly, because he learned that he can’t be trusted with anyone without a protective suit of armour.
Tony winces. The anger in Steve’s voice is close to boiling over, and soon he’ll be spitting vitriol in Tony’s face, because Steve’s blood runs hot and he needs to shout his frustrations out. It doesn’t help that he’s got a point. Tony can’t do anything, they’re both sitting ducks until Steve sorts his feelings and inner cravings out.
But it didn’t mean he couldn’t feel aggravated by it.
Tony can’t see him, but he clearly hears him sigh.
So Stark was powerful. He cast excellent spells, had the best ingredients, was most likely a genius if the automatons were any indication. But he was underpaid and seemed to be okay with that.
Thank God.
Steve is working with outdated information. It's good to see he's as useless with technology as he's always been.
“I calmed down as soon as she told me that you were asking about the curse. It was a good thing she knew about Steve’s curse from me already, because I don’t know what she would have thought if a stranger came up to her and asked her about her brother’s curse. I, for one, would have gone out of my mind with worry. But, well, she knew, and she agreed to keep seeing you so that she could get news about Steve.  And when she heard that he’d been at Shield, she wanted me to tell you this, tell you that she knew already, so that, I quote, ‘he could stop ripping his hair out about what to tell me’.”
of it.”
“I’ve got you.”
James lit up at the news, even as he frowned at his still-shimmering left arm.
Tony looked at him with wide eyes, then down at his hand that was splayed across the spot where the marks originated from. He looked back at Steve, face pale, and tried to stammer out an excuse, but he drew in a sharp breath, hunching in on himself. He staggered up, almost tripping over his chair in the process, and pressed his hand over his chest again.
“What about me? What about
But it was unfair that Stark was so easy on the eyes. Steve had had a vague image of him in his head after overhearing the gossiping old ladies, but it had been of an older man, with greying hair and a long beard, not this attractive man.
The front door rattled, a terrible scraping sound emanating from the other side, and before Steve could move, it slammed open, bouncing against the wall. A grey blur rushed in before Jarvis could blow the door closed again.
It doesn’t take long before Steve stands in the doorway, lips in a thin line and eyes piercing.
“All right, why not. But if I don’t get to eat, why would you have any food?”
Steve turned back to miss O’Casta, whose smile had grown. Steve couldn’t understand how Tony could even be interested in a woman that unnerving. Joy, her name was, but she didn’t instil any into—
In those moments, Steve is his saving angel, always there to take care of Tony, silently standing by and protecting him. The angel Steve would never give up on Tony.
He wears his sunglasses all the time, to protect his eyes from the glare of too-harsh light, but also to keep his eyes from shining ghastly in the dark. He smiles with his mouth closed, rebrands his persona to fit the repenting superhero. He wears darker colours, but that’s just because he likes it, wearing wine red, blood red, crimson. He likes reminding himself of what he is.
like that? God, Tony, do you have the same—”
After the Iron Man demonstration, Stark told Tony he would try to find out some more detailed plans for the transistors. He said something about having left them in his office, disappearing out of the door, Cap looking wistfully at his back.
“How many times has it been, Steve? How many times have we had this conversation?” Because he doesn’t even know that, does he? Only knows that Steve knows more than he does because Steve
It goes against Tony’s nature. He wants to see people bleed, not patch them up. He knows that this isn’t what someone in their right mind would say. He knows his worldview is distorted, skewed beyond recognition. He isn’t the Tony Stark he was before Afghanistan. He isn’t even better than that Tony. In fact, when he hasn’t slept in a little too many hours, he thinks that he came back worse, rotten through and through where before there was still a healthy core deep in his chest. He thinks that between the shrapnel shredding his heart and his transformation giving him a new one, there is nothing left of the old Tony Stark.
Steve’s eyes are impossibly blue.
It looked like expensive cloth, but why would someone make a scarecrow wear that? Maybe it was something that had gone out of fashion. Steve had seen his fair share of perfectly functional clothes get discarded because they weren’t the right cut or colour anymore. That kind of waste always angered him. He had his own sewing kit, his mother had taught Natasha and him to mend his clothes, and that worked just fine.
Steve tied a rag around the lower part of his face, to help against the smell (it was revolting. How did Stark wash himself in these conditions?), and armed himself with a bucket, a block of soap, and a sturdy brush. It was time to clean the bathroom.
It was as bad as Steve had feared. God, Tony had known that he was doomed to die for
Steve could understand his reasoning. But it didn’t explain why he’d been looking for Steve, or why the Witch had known about it. And thinking about it once more, the explanation that Steve had given himself wasn’t very satisfying.
Really, it was good that Natasha wasn’t interested. It meant that Stark wouldn’t be in a relationship anytime soon, and that was good.
that he could save Tony.
Steve knew, in his soul, that the star had died.
He has to find her. She’s got a baby. It’s so cold.
There is the matter of him being young again, too. Tony can't say he misses the sagging skin and teary eyes of the Steve from his time.
Jarvis was calling his name, had he been calling his name all this time? Steve stopped for a moment, but the room was still too neat, he didn’t care that he was destroying his own work, all the hours he had spent making it clean and orderly, he just wanted to
Because that’s what Steve’s been doing, isn’t it? At least three times now, Steve has fought Tony with the intent to kill, and succeeded two times.
Sure, he could do that, piece of cake. He just needed to find a falling star first. And catch it. Who hadn’t done that?
“That’s horrible, Tony, but thank you for telling me. Do you—Is there any way of slowing down the progress? Can I help?”
She eyed him haughtily, let her gaze wander around the shop, and curled her lip in disdain.
24 years into the future! This explained why he saw so many things that he couldn’t understand. He wanted to know everything, he itched to open up the Iron Man armours and reverse-engineer them. He wanted to ask what the hell the avengers were, and why Cap was dressed like a flag, and—
“No. I fell away from the place.”
It looked like fire demons were immune to Steve’s charm. He decided to do one of the things he was best at: digging his heels in.
The blank face had morphed into raised eyebrows and a slack jaw.
It was only fair that he wrote down everything that had happened to him, from the curse—right, he still couldn’t tell anyone about it. Maybe it was for the best that James had told Natasha—to meeting Tony, to somehow living with him and working with him. He couldn’t mention Tony’s curse, but he could say that he needed to help him. Natasha would without doubt interpret it as another example of Steve’s “heroics”, as she called it. She always teased him about it, that he couldn’t walk past someone in need without giving his all to help them. And what if he did? It was the right thing to do.
“Today is July 7th, 1966.”
He wasn’t really doing a good job of selling Tony short, was he? He should try harder, lie a little more, say something awful, even if he didn’t mean it.
Tony glanced at Steve quickly. The electric glint in his eyes was gone, leaving them the usual deep blue. He licked his lips.
Steve just wanted to sleep.
The black door opened, and Steve turned to see if Tony had calmed down somewhat, ready to tell him about James. But it wasn’t Tony that entered the castle, it was miss O’Casta. How had she come in? And from the black door, too. Wasn’t there a spell to prevent any intruders? Maybe she didn’t count, since she wasn’t malevolent?
When Steve turned the circle until the black part was up, Jarvis flared up.
is, and Natasha is under strict orders not to accept his advances, just leave enough hints that she might be interested, to make him come back. You see, being on good terms with Stark is beneficial to us. I’ll only tell you because I know you care more about Natasha than Stark, but we’re hoping that he starts giving presents to her. Or that he decides to ally himself to the guild. We could use someone with his skillset.”
They left a wide-open spot on the floor, Tony directing Steve to take white chalks and draw a wide circle on the floor, four other smaller circles surrounding it symmetrically. He drew an intricate pattern into one of the smaller circles, a five-pointed star in the centre, various geometrical figures surrounding it and blending with it. In very specific places, he added symbols that lit up blue as soon as he marked down the last one. He instructed Steve to copy the drawing into the other circles while he worked on the middle one.
“No! No, I, this isn’t m—this isn’t Mr. Stark, he’s a trespasser—”
Steve just gave Tony everything he wanted on a silver platter.
Tony isn’t a vampire, not exactly. He’s still alive, for one. It’s just that now, he feeds on blood. His DNA was changed when Yinsen turned him. Tony’s most probably a mutant or a mutate, one that developed bat-like qualities.
“My hair, my skin, no, no,
What did he mean with “claiming”? Stark saw the confusion on Steve’s face, because he added:
Right, the war. Tony was going to weasel out who won it, even if he was pretty hopeful that the Allies hadn’t lost, judging by Cap’s clothing and the fact that New York was still standing proud. Tony also wanted to know more about Steve to see if he might meet the one from his own reality, because, well, he was a swell guy, and from his time, to boot.
“People have still been missing. You don’t have anything to do with that?”
He smiled at Steve, snapped his fingers, and the musket was suddenly back in the soldier’s hands, whole and unmarred.
Tony looked at Steve as if he’d forgotten he was in the room with them.
Tony’s working on his latest armour when Steve walks in. He’s in full Captain America gear, and has the air of urgency around him that usually means there’s an Avengers emergency, but there hasn’t been an alarm, so Tony doesn’t know what’s going on.
He doesn’t want to have to watch Steve rot in the Project 42.
He busied himself with cleaning Tony up, then bandaging his arm and his temple, all the while pretending not to hear Tony’s quiet whimpers every time he brushed his chest.
“What you thinkin’ about, Tones?”
He wasn’t thinking clearly, during that fight. It was an error in judgement. He let his feelings get the best of him.
“No!”
They fight, and Thor rips through the armours, Black Widow and Hawkeye working in perfect harmony, Steve smashing through everything indiscriminately, Hyperion flying with more grace than Tony himself. The armours won’t hold long enough for Tony to escape, or for Steve to calm down.
When he was done, he raised the cloth cautiously, taking care to avoid exposing too much, and made sure that there weren’t any wounds left untreated on his legs. Thankfully, there were none. He looked up again. Tony was watching him, slit-eyed, breath whistling out of him. he nodded at Steve’s asking look and turned over, revealing another cut on his upper back, which Steve cleaned and bandaged too.
He felt weak.
Tony looked down at him and put a hand against his head.
He tried to grab the paper, eyes fixed on it, and Steve understood that there was something about the spell that was more important than it seemed. Stark
The relieved smile on Tony’s face warmed Steve to his core. He couldn’t believe they were really doing this. He felt giddy, ready to take on the world with Tony at his side.
Stark had also refused to give Steve any indication of the prices he made his clients pay, saying that he knew all his clients anyway and that he trusted them to pay him honestly. That had made Steve even more suspicious. He had his own shop, and things just didn’t work like that.
What should he do? How did he give Tony his heart back? Was there an incantation needed? Could Steve break the contract while both its signatories were unconscious? God, what was he supposed to
If need must, Steve was willing to die to save Tony.
He’s not drunk enough for this trip down memory lane. He can’t… He can’t deal with memories of Steve. Steve, who told Tony he gave him a home and then left him, Steve, who took off the Captain America mantle, Steve, who could be anywhere.
“My daughter was walking with her friend when Stark approached them. He gave them his name, and charmed the friend, and they walked off together. The next day, she had disappeared. We still haven’t found her. Be careful, Steve.”
“You don’t remember anything? But you remember you’re Tony Stark?”
Steve enters the workshop.
the transportation artifact? We’ve been waiting hours for you to come back, all the while not knowing if you even
Tony took pity on Steve’s floundering and prompted: “You were from the 1940’s? Tell me more.”
Steve laughs mirthlessly at that, his fingers tightening.
he thought.
“If he’s out for the night, then I won’t be disturbing him. Besides, if I hadn’t come in, you wouldn’t have gotten the extra logs. Also, it’s very late, and I’m exhausted, and weak, and I’m cold, my legs are hurting and I think my heart is tired and I can’t even breathe properly, so if you send me out you might as well kill me on the spot, because I will not survive a night in the hills.”
He needed to leave as soon as possible, but which door should he leave through? The port? Ma’Hattan? The hills?
“How can I help him? I don’t even know the contract between Stark and Jarvis.”
He wanted to believe that he would really grow back to his older self, that he would be able to walk and run as he did before, but he didn’t dare. He couldn’t base his hopes on something that might never happen.
“Yeah, I…He should be able to send one. I’ll need to carry you, we don’t have enough energy for two suits. Our magic is at pretty much zero now.”
Two clicks and three snaps later, Steve was feeling fresh as a daisy. The ache in his wrist was gone, his joints weren’t cracking ominously anymore, he could take a full breath again. He thanked Stark warmly, to which the man avoided his eyes and mumbled something about it being the least he could do. He looked Steve over one last time, visibly reassuring himself that he was fine, before retreating to the chair in front of the fire.
He gets as far as the hallway, where he collides with Steve and sends them both sprawling to the ground. There’s a wet crunch as Steve’s head gets crushed between Tony’s chestplate and the floor. The panic doesn’t have time to set in properly before the orange glow envelops them.
Tony greeted Steve tiredly, not mentioning the dog. Had he talked to Jarvis about the dog? Or was he ignoring the problem in favour of drinking his coffee? Steve wasn’t awake enough to start guessing games. He accepted the cup of coffee Tony offered him, fried three eggs, gave one to Jarvis, and the other to Tony. They ate in silence, Tony clearly brooding, Steve trying to formulate a plan for the day.
Thirty seconds later, a suit flew out through the black door. Steve wished he could fly, too, fly high and forget about his problems for a while. He didn’t want to sit in the shop, welcoming clients and pretending to be happy while all he wanted to do was cry out in despair.
He’ll get up. He just needs a few more minutes. He’s just tired.
Through the razor-sharp wind, he ran.
He can’t help himself. He’s so desperate for any kind of contact that he’s entertaining his own delusions.
“I handled it! It was hard finding her, okay, she’d changed name and appearance, but I thought that I could learn about how she’d taken over Janet’s heart. Besides, Janet was growing weak, there was something going on. Jocasta was eating her heart from within, and it’s not like I’m exactly looking forward to that happening to Jarvis and me!”
“And what’s your relation to Tony? I’ve never seen you before.”
Steve looked at Jarvis, who had a concerned expression (at least, that was how Steve interpreted the duller glowing of the fire). Jarvis turned to look at Steve and spoke quickly:
Stark shrugged. Cap looked thoughtful.
“So, what now? What are we going to do about it?”
There were even gym appliances, rings, bars, and… was that a five-hundred-pound weight? What kind of monster could lift
Nothing was stopping them, Steve realised. No curse, no Witch, no impending doom.
The scarecrow was hopping along the castle, the cloth fluttering in the wind, bouncing up and down and getting dangerously close to reaching the door. Of course,
Steve thought back to the fateful night when he’d been cursed and he knew that she wouldn’t have cursed Steve if Tony hadn’t been looking for him. But it wasn’t Tony’s fault that Steve had been cursed, he couldn’t have predicted that Janet would turn evil, he’d done everything he could to find Steve, he’d even helped him afterwards. The Witch cursing him made more sense now, he wasn’t just a fling for Tony, he was the man Tony’d been looking for for years. Of course, she would want to hurt Steve. She must have used James to confirm that he was the right one, since he knew about Steve via Natasha. Poor James had only been dragged into this mess because he knew Natasha.
Natasha-voice told him.
“By the way, I wanted to ask you before I left, but I forgot. What’s that dog doing here?”
The man visibly started, the head tilting back as in surprise, slightly lowering his arms.
“Now that that’s settled, let’s try to find out what this spell or poem could be. You said that you tried to understand it, did you write something down or find some hidden meaning, maybe?”
“I thought you loved me, Steve. Don’t you love me? Don’t you want to spend the rest of your life with me? I can make you better, I can heal you from your curse, make you better. You just need to let go of any pesky notions of good and evil, of justice and equality. Give me your heart, and you’ll be free, just like me.”
. He couldn’t even stand up, much less leave the castle in this state. Maybe he should take a nap. He could sleep, just for a little while, and then he would travel to Natasha. Just twenty minutes, to get his energy back.
There was nothing human about Jocasta anymore. She was half fire, half metal. Her flesh had melted away, revealing a metallic frame that bore an eery resemblance to Tony’s suits of armour, if they had been the colour of silver, and pooling and melting in the fire.
him. Steve is attracted to him. Steve wants him. Tony doesn’t know why or how, but the facts are there. In hindsight, it’s obvious.
Every time Tony’d been injured or tired, it had reflected on Jarvis.
The next day, Steve looked in apprehension as Stark opened the door after turning the disk to the black part. The tendrils of darkness inched inside, just like the last time, licking at their feet, blending with their shadows. Steve felt a chill run down his spine as Stark turned to him, hair billowing around him and darkness creeping up his legs.
He can’t mean physical distance; they’re practically on top of one another. They’re thousands of miles away. Steve’s on the bottom of the ocean, and Tony is hanging in the sky. It all depends on how you look at things.
Next to Tony, Iron Man lost some of his tension at the arrival of the man, but went taut again when Mr. Patriot exclaimed “What are you—Mr.
Tony looks to the side. It’s going to be a sunny day. There’s a ray of light coming in through the single circular window, gently pooling on the floor. A single speck of dust floats, dipping up and down in an invisible draft.
. His hands were almost blue.
Steve collided with her, shield first. She was strong, but he was strong too, and he had the height advantage. He managed to throw her off her course, slamming her against the wall. She shrieked, spitting flames, the claws on her hand burning into Steve’s skin.
He thought about how much he would like to see a falling star.
I ever trusted you.”
He also, viscerally, needs to see Steve.
Steve had just gotten inside the castle, refusing to tell Jarvis what had happened, when Stark sauntered in, carrying a metal sheet under his arm. He was as pristine as always, his eyes twinkling, a slight smile on his face.
When he stopped his tranformation, Tony was holding his right arm in both his hands, the blue glow seeping under the man’s skin. Tony was sweating, his teeth gritted as he said:
A thud moved him slightly.
Okay, he can do that. He’ll just… he’ll just lie there and wait for Steve to come to his senses.
There was no mistaking it, hearing the mermaids screaming had been enough to fulfil the condition.
Steve is always so neat. Orderly. Tony thinks it’s the military background. Then again, Tony has rigid routines himself, and he’s never served.
He raised his hands to his helmet, clicked on a hidden button, and the helmet collapsed into the armour. Both Tony and Cap gasped at the sight that greeted them.
He tastes blood behind his teeth.
Had they—
The sun was setting, the sky ablaze in red, purple, and orange. The flowers were as beautiful as the last time he’d seen them. He was almost too overwhelmed with the sheer amount of them. Everywhere he turned, he could see different types, all more beautiful than the others. He wouldn’t have the time to make more than two bouquets, the sun was close to the horizon already. He needed to make the best of the light there was.
There’s a pounding at the door, it’s too soon, Steve shouldn’t even be inside the tower yet, but here he is nonetheless. Time’s up.
Jarvis flared up briefly, and a loud noise came from the workshop before a dozen suits of armour burst into the kitchen, their palms and eyes glowing, ready to attack. Jocasta sneered as they converged around her, arms raised and poised to fire.
There’s no depths he won’t stoop to if it means getting more of Steve.
“I do. Natasha has been enjoying many visits lately, from a certain Mr. Hellrung, a very handsome and charming man. He’s smitten, that much is clear, and she enjoys the attention. Naturally, we all know who Hellrung
He smiled at Steve, face pale but his grey eyes full of life.
His breath shudders out of him. He’s not crying anymore, but his eyes are heavy and prickling. The slightest trigger will be enough to set him off again.
The kitchen was silent as Tony slammed the door of the workshop, so hard that Steve winced.
But that didn’t mean that he would let Stark get away with it. He had to warn Natasha away before he managed to make her fall for him, because he would just leave her with a broken heart and an angry soul.
The demon wasn’t mollified.
What is done is done. Steve asked him if it was worth it, and Tony can say that it was. The war is over. Now that Steve has surrendered, other heroes will follow suit. Tony knows that half of them joined Steve because of who he was, and not necessarily because they believed in his cause. If Tony plays his cards well, the fighting will end within a month.
“It’s just… I always thought Iron Man was smart, but now I realize just
The world ended, and then Tony and Steve came back just as they were before the incursions started. Meaning, Tony reverted back to his pitiful past self. Which is something he's not at all looking forward to. His current version is in a coma somewhere because he was too much of a coward to kill Carol, and there's an AI wearing his face.
“I didn’t want to intrude, you and Tony were so excited to talk science. But, uh, I know some things about what you’re feeling. I’m from the 1940’s too.”
He hadn’t used the safest method, though. Did he have a death wish?
There was at least some truth behind Potts’ words, since his drawings had animated themselves some time ago now. But the jump from some cosmetic spells to breaking a powerful curse felt too far, still.
“I’m going to go scouting for someplace to move the castle to. Be careful, don’t open the door to anyone, alright?”
Steve is too close to Tony. He can’t think. Steve shouldn’t be here.
He needed to focus. To concentrate. He needed to put away his feelings, and emotions, and
No one knows, and Tony plans to keep it that way. He’s not interested in being hunted down like the monster he is. He...dislikes the idea of the precious few people he calls friends turning their back on him. Especially now that he’s getting along with Steve.
Something acrid wells up in his throat. This is his new normal, now. Wait for Steve to kill him. Again, and again, and again.
Tony kept himself limp and studied the helmet in front of him. There were slits for the eyes and the mouth. His opponent had striking blue eyes that were currently narrowed in suspicion.
Steve wasn’t in any state to try to run and hide, because he was now completely bathed in the blue glow. Anyone would have seen him. Besides, he couldn’t run even if he wanted to. With this body, he would more likely fall and break a bone than escape successfully. If only he wasn’t this weak—wait. That might work in his favour, just this time. With him looking like this, Stark wouldn’t be interested in courting him. After all, he was known to pursue beautiful young adults only, not sickly or ugly runts like himself. Steve was almost certain that he was in no danger of getting his heart eaten, which was good enough for him to start shouting at the castle.
He didn’t want to stay that way, but he would be able to live with it.
He had to warn her.
There’s no coming back from this, even for the two of them, who’ve defied death more times than should be allowed.
When Jarvis didn’t answer, Steve put the flowers on the table and started making two bouquets. There were delicate white flowers that would fit well with the dark blue ones, and the yellow flowers would complement the red and orange ones perfectly.
“I thought things were finally going well, you know? I thought, hey, Tony and I have never been on better terms. The war was far away, I was finally moving on, and you’d even proven yourself worthy when you made the gauntlet and the gems disappear. I should have known it couldn’t have been that easy. And you
He drinks the whole stash of pig blood he has there, guzzling it down until he’s so full he could burst. It spills out of the clear plastic bags onto the floor, Tony’s clothes, the tools nearby. Tony rips everything apart in his feeding frenzy. He’s foaming at the mouth, snapping tools in half, sinking his teeth into anything that will yield enough.
Steve had hoped he would get useful information about the man’s physique, but the women couldn’t seem to settle on one look. He stood up, having finished his pastry a while ago, and walked past them just as one of them told the others that the man went by the name of Anthony Stark.
Tony’s words hit too close to home. Steve couldn’t deny that he would have been so angry at Tony. He would have seen it as unwanted pity, or even worse, as an attempt to gain his favours back after his failed attempt at courting. With the low opinion he had had of Tony at the time, he might even have thought that Tony was trying to use Steve’s gratitude for being given a place to stay to make him sleep with him.
Huh, wouldn’t that be a sight, Natasha threatening Stark. His little sister, in all her glory, staring down a man much taller than her.
He rises, slowly, lets his lips curve up in his best shark-sharp smile, his head tilt just that tiny bit upwards. The armour ripples around him, and he lets his canines show when one of the goons shuffles nervously backwards.
He doesn’t get to call in sick. this is nothing.
It took Steve a while to understand that the Witch had shrunk herself and was using her greater agility and speed to attack Tony more viciously. It was working, too, she had gotten in a few hits, each time punctuated with a green flash of light.
Instead of trying to come up with a strategy to fight the Witch, Tony had left to chase after Strange, who might be dead, James was eating raw bacon, and Steve was sulking while chewing on a piece of bread.
“I think we’re far enough that she won’t sense us”, Tony said.
Steve jolted, the bang deafening, sure that any moment now, he would feel the pain blossom somewhere inside of him. But when he didn’t feel anything, he realised that somehow, the bullet had missed. He looked behind him, incredulous, and scrambled to get away when he saw that the musket had blown up in the soldier’s hands, who was now lying slumped against the wall.
The dog was Lord Fury’s? It made even less sense. He wasn’t the kind of man who had dogs, Steve thought. And why had the dog attacked Stark? Was there some bad blood there as well? What in the world could Stark have done to anger a
“How could you say it was your fault? I was the one that crossed through time to meet you.”
Their magic was tied, had the same colour, they shared it.
“That’s the spirit.”
Steve isn’t forcing Tony into anything. Tony can just stay curled up and cry until he feels empty enough to stand up and leave his quarters.
They needed to go back to the castle, find a way to end the curses, maybe they could ask miss Potts now that there wasn’t the looming threat of the Witch anymore. But how were they going to home? Steve couldn’t carry Tony, and Tony could barely stand, and…
God, he was
It’s not all that bad. He has enhanced strength and regeneration to make hunting humans easier, and garlic isn’t dangerous to him, it just fucking stinks.
So they're on speaking terms in this time? This whole situation is just getting more and more intriguing.
The air exploded.
Jarvis had crackled a bit, then told Steve that he was wrong, there was magic in everyone, and that he just needed to believe in it. He’d urged Steve on, and Steve had caved.
“BULLSHIT!”
“Where are we moving?”
He couldn’t let him talk like that.
Doesn’t want to deal with Steve, who’s already waiting for him.
He wouldn’t get that answer anytime soon, he knew. Just like the reason for Tony’s visit to O’Casta. Maybe Tony was trying to figure out a way to fight the curse, and O’Casta could help him, since she had the second half of the poem? Steve was almost sure that there was a connection between O’Casta and the curse. She seemed to know about the author, and the poem, so maybe she had insight that Tony lacked.
But if Stark wasn’t the cause of the disappearances, who could it be? Steve himself had fit the description of the men that went missing, and he’d been approached by Stark. But it had been the Witch of the Waste who had cursed Steve and forced him to leave town.
Tony tried to hide his surprise. They both knew a Rhodey, but this one seemed to be part of the Air Force, no less. One of the men that got accepted into the Tuskegee airmen, maybe?
Almost there.
Stark let out a relieved breath at the news, clutching at his heart in an exaggerated fashion.
“You’ll be the one to dissuade him! You can go in my stead, pretend you’re my cousin or something, and then you can tell him exactly why I’m not suitable for the position! You can just say mean stuff about me. Oh, yes! Tell him I eat people’s hearts! That should do the trick!”
I forgot to say it, but this AU is set in an universe that is largely MCU-based, but with some elements from the 616 universe (the comics). You don't need to be familiar with the comics to understand and enjoy the fic, it's more of an easter egg :D
“I need to tell you— I fled from the Witch as soon as I could. She didn’t need me anymore after she cursed you, she knew everything she needed to know about you already. She just…left without me. I tried to go back to Natasha, I hadn’t seen her in so—so long. But I got stuck in the bushes, it’s hard to control my left foreleg—arm. You saved me. Thank you. I went back to Natasha, I had to tell her about the curse, about you.”
“Just a heart attack?”
Steve picked one of the feathers from Tony’s hair. It was ink-black, shining and silky-smooth in his hand. He stroked it absent-mindedly. He wondered why Tony liked to turn himself into a raven. Of all animals, why this one?
And he wouldn’t respond to Tony’s calls.
They had to cast new warding spells.
He missed her.
He yowled in anguish as he started shifting back into a dog. Tony made a last effort to fight the shift, but he lost his grip, exhausted, and fell into Steve’s arms as the man finished his transformation. This time, he was grey, but still a wolfdog. He shivered where he stood, tail between his legs, ears flat on his head. He backed into a corner, whimpering as he curled in on himself.
He thought it wasn’t so bad, to spend the rest of his days in this place. Held. Surrounded.
The scarecrow bowed slightly. It didn’t look that threatening, now that it wasn’t trying to force its—his?—way through the castle’s door. Steve decided that he would let the scarecrow in. If he was telling the truth, he could help him, and if not, if push came to shove, he could always use his trusted shield again. It had proven a reliable weapon.
Steve took his shield in one hand and opened the door with the other.
chance that Tony might be interested in Steve as well. Steve wouldn’t let this opportunity slip through his fingers. He’d lived such an uneventful life, waiting for something to happen, waiting to find someone, and now that that someone was within his grasp, he wouldn’t let go, not without a fight.
Oh, right. Steve didn’t know where to look, so he settled on staring at his feet, murmuring:
Tony just needs to make up his mind about when and how it will happen. He won’t ask Steve out, because there’s still a distant part of him that’s trying to stop this from happening. Steve will have to take the leap, then. But when, and how? He’s most likely thought about it a lot. Is Steve the kind of man who takes people on dates before he kisses them for the first time? Is he the kind of man to buy flowers and ask politely for dinner? Or is he prone to acts of passion? Will he stride into Tony’s workshop (the place where Tony’s at his most powerful), grab his face, and kiss him? Or will he declare his undying love after a close call on a mission?
Steve woke up with a start. Stark was leaning over him, shaking his shoulder, talking to him.
Steve’s trial starts in twenty minutes. He’s set to arrive at the federal courthouse five minutes before. He’s still in his costume. It’s necessary that Captain America the symbol is tried, and not Steve Rogers the man. Tony wants to believe that Steve thinks the same.
Maybe Steve could convince Jarvis to let him fly out in a suit and look for Tony.
He slammed the door behind him.
Tony’s yanked out of his thoughts when Steve bumps against him, jarring his arm badly. He’s stuck, he realises, stuck in the outer limit of the space pocket.
It wasn’t much, but it was a beginning of a plan. It shouldn’t be too hard, he reasoned, especially since they knew what to avoid.
Steve needed to focus. He didn’t have time to deal with the ice, he could do that later, right now he needed to—
Maybe Tony would understand if Steve told him that the King was too smart for the subterfuge.
him? Jarvis, what were you doing?”
He doesn’t deserve that. God, he’s conceited.
Steve won’t be reasoned with, and he’s right, of course he’s right, he should never have trusted Tony, and Tony shouldn’t have pretended everything was fine when the universe is falling apart around them. He shouldn’t have accepted to be an Avenger, he should have moved away, shouldn’t have told himself he deserved to live in the same place as all the real heroes. He should have told Steve, damn the consequences, and he wouldn’t have been alone with the knowledge that they were doomed.
“I didn’t think it would do this. Huh. Maybe I was wrong, I thought this was some sort of kale. Jarvis, do you know this one?”
He laughed, pressing at his chest, then looked at Steve, and his smile grew warm and fond, sending a thrill through Steve’s heart.
King Rhodes looked every bit the man he was rumoured to be. He was clad in silver and grey, understated colours that somehow managed to enhance his dark gaze. Everything about him was dark. His clothes, his eyes, his hair, his skin. The only point of light was his crown, rubies and sapphires glinting red and nearly white in the silver crown. There were small rubies in his clothes, too, Steve realised as he got closer. King Rhodes was known to be a strict but just ruler, and his clothes fit well with that image; there was no unnecessary glamour, but the touches of colour made him more human. Without the rubies, he could have been a bronze statue, a machine fit to wage wars and subjugate the kingdom. With them, the King let the human underneath the mantle show.
And that, that was suspicious. Because Steve had his inklings about who exactly that boy he saw was; there was no mistaking those eyes, with that colour blue. That deep blue that stared at him right now, that was mirrored on his shield, that had blinked at him in confusion amidst the dying stars.
He pushed the heart against Tony’s chest, shouting:
Someone knocked on the door. Jarvis flared up and Steve ran to get his shield. Who could it be? Tony wouldn’t need to knock. Wouldn’t he?
“I— Thanks. I feel a bit silly, now, keeping this to myself. I guess I was so used to the secret identity that I just never stopped. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner.”
Standing a few feet from them, barely meeting their eyes, was Tony Stark.
He shouldn’t be allowed to look this good while sleep-deprived and half-manic, Steve mused.
The warm light made the clouds glow golden and orange, Brooklyne gleaming underneath Steve. From here, it looked almost peaceful. There wasn’t any sound on the hills apart from the wind, some birds chirping, and…an angry snarling?
“I’m here because—because—be—”
He needs to see Steve more than he fears Steve’s reaction to seeing him, he realises. Tony can hide in the crowd. Steve doesn’t need to know he’s there.
Alerted by the sound, the boy turned to him, his eyes a deep, deep blue, and reached out towards Steve. Steve reached back, but he was falling through the water, through the blue and green and orange glow.
Was it a cosmetic spell? Just a spell to hide his imperfections? But why had Stark gone into such a state if it was nothing but a superficial spell?
He doesn’t want to add to the tension by adding himself into the mix. His presence is sure to incense the crowd even more. They’ll think he’s gloating. They’ll think he’s rubbing his victory into Steve’s face.
He might not survive the night.
Anyhow, it seemed good enough for Stark, who accepted it with a nod.
“I don’t suppose you would believe me if I told you I could get him for you?”
He won’t be Tony Stark, that’s for sure. Whatever happens when Steve and he collide, he won’t get out of it unscathed. The anticipation is killing Tony. It’s like an electric current, buzzing through his bones, making his hands shake just a little. Soon. Soon, he’ll know.
Steve knew how much healing spells cost, because he’d overheard some men comparing the prices of spells cast by different magicians. The cheapest one had been a silver coin, which was 12 times what Steve had gotten! This girl had robbed him, he was sure of it.
Steve took the skull and showed it to the scarecrow.
Steve looked up. Move, how? Where? What did Tony mean?
They’re in a stand-off. Steve has control over their lower bodies, but Tony is steady enough on his knees to resist any attempt at rolling over. He could try to dislodge Steve’s legs around him, but for that he needs his elbows and hands, and they’re busy holding Steve down. They’re almost nose to nose.
“You’ve been seeing her? Do you know how dangerous that is?”
If Steve hadn’t hesitated, at that crucial second, shield high and blinding in the dust and noise of the city crumbling around them, he would have cut Tony’s head in half.
Steve offered him half his plate and chewed nervously on his breakfast. What was he supposed to say now? How could he stay long enough in the castle without Stark getting suspicious? He could claim to want to be an assistant, but he really didn’t want to help Stark kill more people. He looked around the kitchen, desperate for any inspiration, when it hit him. The untidiness of the place was something he could use.
“I’m just peachy, thank you.”
His eyelids are so heavy.
The shadow doesn’t move.
Which meant that Steve would need to run down to the fight. And avoid himself from getting killed by a stray spell. While he was weak and short-breathed. With only a shield as protection.
He can’t let it be over yet. He’s crying again, crying at the thought that this will be over, or maybe crying because his chest burns so badly. It doesn’t matter. Steve’s holding tightly onto one of Tony’s unresponsive hands and that is enough to make the pain recede.
Steve didn’t want to wait for him, who knew when he would be back? He was surely still talking with Natasha. No, Steve wanted to do something, and if he couldn’t find the contract, at least he could help Stark with the spells. And what if this spell was a little trickier than the others? Steve could handle himself; he didn’t need to wait for anyone.
, he doesn’t think.
He suits up.
Tony made no move to take the cup, still frozen with one hand on the piece of metal and another on the armour. Steve shuffled forward, put the cup down on a worktable, and leaned against it.
He coughed lightly and changed the subject very transparently: “But, anyways, as I was saying, uhh…”
Trying to blink the black out of his vision, Tony groaned weakly and rolled over. His heart was beating out of his chest, and he was shaking all over. He stared up at the light on the ceiling. God, he couldn’t think. His brain was scrambled. What the hell had that been?
Tony frequently complained about the lack of coffee, but that couldn’t be it.
He loved Tony, he should say that to him the next time they—
As he said the words, Steve realised that Stark was essentially asking him to lie through his teeth.
“Also, I forgot to tell you, but you’ll visit someone else before seeing the king. She’s one of my old friends, we studied magic together, and she’ll tell you how to act properly in front of a king. See it as getting you used to grand people.”
Tony fell silent once again, gaze lost in the flames. Jarvis wasn’t talking either, shifting to the same desolate blue from when they’d found the mandrake root. Steve couldn’t bear to see them give up like this. He had to make Tony believe that he wasn’t helpless, that he could still change his fate.
He shivers violently, breaks his gaze away from Steve’s.
There was a crack right in front of Steve’s face, and Steve didn’t know what to do with that. He’d been so sure that he would spend the rest of his existence in the ice, what was he supposed to do now? What if he couldn’t live without it? It had seeped into his pores, it was part of him now.
