But Steve was stubborn. He loved Bucky and knew that he always would, ‘til the end of the line. His best friend. His lover.
Tony knew from experience that this hurt like hell while temporarily limiting mobility to the limb. The guy cried out and stumbled. It was all Tony needed to spin around and kick the legs out from under him. With the guy flat on his back, he didn’t think twice before striking out and landing a blow against his temple. The guy didn’t get up.
“So this is the infamous Brooklyn
Both Abrams and Steve reacted to that, but Tony didn’t care. He wasn’t going to stay here bound to this bed as they poked and prodded until the mystery of Tony’s recovery was solved. He really couldn’t bring himself to think of all the horrible ways that could end for him. One of the worst was being shipped off to some secret lab to be experimented on. He already had a secret lab to go to, thank you very much, and he hadn’t been there for the better part of a week
Bucky didn’t know the reason for his tone. This was exciting and a great date night. “I know I will.”
Gabe nodded. “This place looks like the Devil’s basement.”
In the end it wasn’t so bad. He’d nicked himself a couple times but not too bad. He’d gone slowly and the result was more than satisfactory. Pretty good for a first attempt. He used the small scissors to trim his moustache and tip if his chin. He didn’t want to look like Don Quixote, after all.
A knock at the door tore their attention away from each other. “Who could that be this early in the mornin’?” Steve asked as he went to the door.
Bucky was not a sexual person, at least he hadn’t been before today. Was he now? Looking at the thick length pushing against the tight material of his pants and remembering his reaction to an almost naked Steve, Bucky had to reconsider what he’d thought about himself. His body was reacting to what he was remembering, and it wasn’t unpleasant. Actually, he found that it felt pretty good.
“Tony knows about a lot of things, doll, and he is from California. People are different there. I didn’t think they were
Steve was the one you spoke. “You love him? Us?”
. Yeah, he was twelve at heart.
Bucky shuddered at his words, nodding his head. “Yes, yes.”
“Wouldn’t be much fun to dance alone,” he reminded her, “and all my old partners are back in California.”
is marching right here,” Tony said indignantly. “And it’s not war zones that I have a problem with. It’s
“So we’re stuck like this?” Steve bit the words out as he focused on the present. “We’re benched indefinitely until what? This fixes itself? And what about Tony?”
The colonel looked at Tony who had finally turned to give the man his full attention. The truth was that Tony wasn’t comfortable having his back exposed to the man who had threatened more than once to shoot him.
Steve made a noise at the back of his throat between his heavy breaths. Tony looked at Bucky. “You’re so thick in my hand, sweetheart. I’m gonna need this in me, eventually.”
“Then we’ll all go to bed and hold each other until we fall asleep.” Bucky yawned. “It’s perfect, Stevie.”
“You’ve slept on rocks?” Steve asked, fully awake and sounding concerned. “Was it before you found me? Were you sleeping in alleys?” James looked equally troubled.
With that, Tony turned and began walking to the door. He’d had enough, more than enough, and Steve was at home waiting for him. Just before he reached the door, Howard called out, “What about the tests?”
Tony’s last thought was how much he hated magic, before he blacked out.
Shame and humiliation filled his voice. “I probably was on my knees for the guy day and night because he’d saved me. He said he couldn’t understand how you could put up being around it if you weren’t at least a bit of a fag too, Buck. I snapped and took a swing. It didn’t really do much but piss him off, and he punched me in the chest. Knocked the air right outta me, and I couldn’t get it back. I barely made it to the apartment.”
And Tony heard the bed squeak as Bucky must have pushed into her, followed by a wanton moan
“He made sixty-five dollars doin’ it, too.” Bucky added proudly.
“Look, I know you don’t think I can do this…”
Tony had guessed as much, but he needed more information. “I want you to know that I’d never judge you because of what you like in bed, Bucky. Chances are that I’ve already done it anyway, but I need to know what you mean when you say that. When I heard you and Steve the other day,” Steve’s head jerked to Tony upon hearing that, so he spared a quick glance, “it was an accident. And also really fucking sexy.”
Apparently, Bucky heard the offer too because he just rolled his eyes. “If you say what you’re thinkin’ right now, they’re gonna have to arrest me for striking a superior officer. Of course, me and Tony are comin’ with you.”
It was getting better. Steve’s voice was breathy but wasn’t pulling in the painful gulps of air like before. Tony just nodded in approval as they went on.
Steve’s eyes never left his as he moved over them, his hips rocking all of them in smooth unhurried thrusts. Bucky could see his muscles rippling every time he buried himself into the man between them, pushing the dick inside Bucky even farther. They were both fucking him.
“That’s better,” Tony told him as he reached out to put two of his fingers resting against Steve’s lips. “Open for me.” He watched as Steve obeyed, and he slid his fingers all the way into the blonde’s mouth. His sweet pink lips wrapped around Tony’s digits as he worked not to gag on the fingertips in his throat. “Now get them wet.”
would be offering to help him with that.
Bucky moaned, “Tony, please. Wanna come.” His usually velvet smooth voice was completely fucked out, and Tony felt a surge of pride that he was partly responsible for that.
“I’m sure he regretted it, too,” Bucky said. “Tony’s not mean because he enjoys it.” He looked thoughtful for moment. “It’s almost funny now. How many people can say they’ve had two first meetings?”
“Seconded,” Monty agreed.
Tony’s face lit up. “That’s great, Bucky! What’s the job?”
Tony’s jaw dropped. Because No. Way. This. Was. Happening. And had Steve said forever? That would mean they’d done this before.
“Brain damage. Gee, I wonder what that’s like.” Bucky said sarcastically.
Tony felt his despair well up again at that empty promise, and he broke down into new tears, sobbing against Bucky’s chest as Steve cradled him from behind. They didn’t know. How could they? But Tony knew the truth. He knew that despite whatever plans he made to save them, there was still the likely chance that their destinies couldn’t be changed.
Steve easily disengaged the harness and fell the nearly twenty feet to the ground, landing on his feet.
“You really are a genius, Tony.” Bucky said in an awed voice.
The apartment was small. And shabby. The furniture looked like it used to be someone else’s second hand stuff. Maybe older than that.  Could something be third hand? Tony looked at the sofa and mismatched armchair next to it. Maybe fourth hand?
A small pause, then, “I have no way of verifying that, Captain. All records show that this is the original footage. I took this from the Smithsonian archives, and it is currently being displayed there. If this is existing footage that has somehow been altered by Sir’s situation, there is no way for me to discern that. All other records support that this is authentic.”
” Tony said more calmly, “
Bucky grabbed his arm as he went to leave. “Really, thank you, Tony.”
Tony suppressed a shiver. It was these moments when Steve was so much like his Captain America persona that it threw Tony off balance. The stubborn, challenging set of his jaw and determined look in his eyes was something Tony had seen every time they were called out to fight. Steve’s inner strength was stronger than his shield.
“Steve,” Tony wheezed, “Steve, I’m not leaving. Please, I need to breathe.”
Steve looked up at Tony. His brow was furrowed in concentration as he soundlessly mouthed words about whatever he was working on. It was a different kind of love than what he felt for Bucky.
He knew Tony lied to them sometimes. Steve knew that, too, but it was seldom discussed. It was inevitable that they would pick up on it after having been with Tony for so long, but it was complicated. Their partner had a very painful history and didn’t like being reminded or having to relive those experiences. They both accepted that. Tony never lied about the important things. He’d bared all his faults and insecurities to them. He’d kept every promise he had ever made. He was good and kind when he wasn’t scary in his vengeance to those who wronged him or Steve or Bucky.
To most people it would sound like a nice enough statement coming from a successful inventor meeting an unknown protégé, but Tony heard the insult. Tony was good in his
Erskine’s eyes went wide. “How is this possible? I mean how was it achieved? And why are you here?”
nation under attack. It was
As the soldier she was addressing was dismissed, Agent Carter looked up and spotted them. Her face was one of surprise. “Captain Rogers, I just saw part of your show. I’m sorry the men were so rude to you, but I got called away and couldn’t finish watching. How are you?”
have power over filled him with satisfaction and relief.
It seemed to work as their panic morphed into concern over him.
“I’m not that Bucky. You say that, but I’m not the Bucky you lost.”
“Right, let’s just take a look and see what the problem is.” Finally, maintenance could begin. It watched as many tools were gathered. Some were familiar, others were not, but it was not its place to question what was used during maintenance. It would comply.
The door closed behind Steve’s retreating figure, leaving Tony alone with nothing but his thoughts, and that did nothing to comfort him. He ran over everything that had happened since he’d woken up…Was it really just over a half-hour ago? The stress made it seem much longer than that. He didn’t even want to think of the stress Steve and Bucky had been dealing with these past few days. He couldn’t. It would only add too much to what he was already feeling.
Heat flashed through Tony as he apparently found a new kink. Though he supposed this kink was Bucky specific. “Fuck, you’re going to kill me, sweetheart,” he said as he grabbed both cheeks of Bucky’s ass and spread them, leaning close he breathed on the twitching hole. He stuck out his tongue and licked a stripe across the muscled opening.
“I’m ready for my gift, Mr. Barnes.” He said as he pulled the paper from his hands. He’d already read it today, and Tony didn’t want him stressing out over a lack of available employment.
“I don’t know how to fix this,” Tony croaked fighting back tears. “I’ve been this way for too long.”
“You don’t say,” Steve answered before a fight broke out.
Bucky’s eyes grew wet, but he made sure to keep himself together as the other soldiers moved around them. “I’m so glad you found me, Stevie. I thought I was gonna die there.”
“Good night, Steve,” they both answered. Tony laid there thinking about the past as the other two fell asleep. Considering some of the things Tony had had to do to survive, sharing a bed for warmth really wasn’t that extreme. It was just the bigotry of this era that made this seem like such a big deal.
Tony absolutely felt awful for Steve but watching the loud, balding man with a Napoleon complex turn a fascinating shade of purple was quite enjoyable. He sincerely hoped he popped a vein.
Tony smiled then said, “So, when is your first rehearsal?”
“Steve, I know I was a mess a few days ago, but really I’m…”
Bucky sank to his knees as he pulled down both Tony’s boxers and pants in one go. His face directly even with Tony’s thickening arousal, but he kept his head down, waiting.
Phillips stared at him for several long moments and sighed, “You really are one crazy bastard, Stark. Fine, if the Captain agrees, I’ll assign you to the team as a weapons tech specialist or whatnot, and since he saw fit to bring you along on his little trip yesterday, I’m sure he will agree. We’ll get your gear sorted out in London.”
Steve shook his head. “You can save it for someone else.”
“Unh,” James answered as he started unbuttoning his dirty, sweat-soaked work shirt. He slipped off his suspenders from his shoulders. They fell, hanging from his waist and brushing past his knees. Peeling the shirt off, he continued, “You won’t believe the day I had, Stevie.  Almost got crushed when a crate bigger than our couch popped it’s chain. Then, I had to pick up the wreckage. Thought Old Man Talbot was gonna use it as an excuse to fire me.”
Bucky stepped back. “When…?”
Steve nodded around his mouthful.
As one, the four men stiffened at his words, clenching their fists and looking murderous.
“I like topping Bucky.” He said. “I always have.”
“Would you like that?” Tony continued, knowing now how much Bucky loved to be talked dirty to during sex. “Steve could fuck you while you fuck me? Fuck me through you?”
Bucky was grumbling, but Steve could see the happiness in his eyes when he took it before laying down and using it as a small pillow. He saw as Bucky curled in on himself with his back against the tree and his head close to Tony’s legs, and Steve was reminded of a scared wounded animal the way he made himself so small. Steve had never been one for hate, but as he looked at that scene and remembered what Bucky had gone through, he could feel it in him.
Steve certainly knew how to keep him up, alright. Last night, Steve had topped, and Tony was quite happy that the marks were still mostly there this morning. He never knew how he would heal from something nowadays. God, he was freak of nature.
The Red Room Spy and the loud man who’s wings it had broken were also here.
“He’s doing well working as a repairman in the neighborhood.” Steve said with a fond tone. He huffed out a laugh. “It’s almost surreal to think about now. One of the most brilliant inventors ever born making a living by fixing radiators, furnaces and faulty electrical wiring. People around the borough called him a miracle worker.”
“Sleep well, Tony.”
They ate quietly at first, each of them concentrating on their food. The bread Steve provided was perfect for sopping up the sauce that was left on the plate. Tony would have been happy just eating that.
He looked back to Tony and saw the other man was now awake and watching him. Tony smiled, and Bucky loved the little crinkles it made around his eyes. The few strands of silver at his temples glinted in the morning light. He was so handsome.
Steve smile was full of gratitude as he looked at his friends.
Tony had said that there wasn’t anything wrong with the things he liked, and Bucky wanted to believe that. Maybe in time he would. Maybe they’d talk about it some more today.
Bucky chuckled as Gabe replied, “Man, you are lucky I like you, or I’d be tempted to find a ditch and leave you in it.” But Bucky could tell the guy was smiling. Like he’d said, good sense of humor.
“Freaky magic time-travel.” Sam said. “Man, this is going to give me another headache.”
“I have met other men with similar problems.” Abraham said as he studied Tony closely. “It’s usually a sign of brilliance.”
Bucky was actively searching through the crowd. “Where did he…? No, goddammit!” Bucky cursed and a small group of young ladies next to them looked scandalized. He turned back around, “Pretty sure I know where he’s at. You comin’?”
Yes. This was what he needed. Tony always gave them what they needed.
Bucky started to think, but Steve beat him to the first question.
“Good, then we need to move out. The lights from the vehicles are gonna make us easy targets for anyone flyin’ above us. If the Germans send a plane to scout, we need to be gone,” Steve said, and all of them nodded and began to follow him as he made his way to the head of the convoy.
Tony couldn’t help the smile that formed as he asked, “So are you going to continue the legacy and name your son after him?”
The Colonel looked around to the men that stood behind Steve. “That won’t be necessary.”
“The tech’s decent enough, it just needs more time and thought put into it.” Hell, Tony could admit that his suit propulsion was built on this failure. “It has a lot of promise.”
“So to clarify,” Tony began, “sometimes you’d want to continue topping with Bucky, but you think that there may be times when you’d want to be dominated by me?”
Steve’s eyes widened a bit more, and Tony knew why. Steve’s father had fought in WW1. Tony knew his son had grown up believing in the honor and responsibility of serving one’s country. Tony didn’t want to lie and take credit for something as serious as pretending to be a soldier when so many people have lost their lives bravely serving, but it would explain away so much.
Bucky sighed as he remembered. “He said he’d wait forever for me.”
Tony leaned back, quite happy with how the discussion had gone and equally aroused at the thought of doing some of the things they’d discussed. Fuck, just the thought of holding Steve down and fucking into him with abandon did things to Tony that made his pants a little too tight at the moment.
“You do plenty, Stevie.” James said seriously. “You’re good at art, and you like it. At least you can make some cash doing what you enjoy.”
Bucky shuddered and closed his eyes as if in pain, and Tony’s worry increased. He squatted down in front of the younger man and hesitantly put his hand on the side of his neck trying to soothe him. Bucky leaned into the touch and let out a shuddered breath before he opened his eyes. They were red rimmed and wet.
“Holy crap. Hating these people aside, this is intricate work.” The Stark said as he analyzed the hologram. “Look right there, Cap. This is the worst of the damage. Those wires are fried and frayed and need replacing. I bet it’s causing all kinds of nerve pain.” A tool was picked up and brought to its inner shoulder joint. The Stark looked at him. “If it’s alright with you, I’m going to start here and see if I can repair or replace some of these wires.” The Stark waited before repeating. “Is that alright?”
Steve sighed and said. “That’s because there won’t be anymore to know until it happens, like a ripple effect. It’s the same thing Bucky and I have been experiencing, little bits being added as he moves through history and things are changed.”
“I’m Captain Rogers personal assistant,” Tony lied without missing a beat.
“No, I didn’t think that.” Steve quickly assured him. “I don’t think Tony could live with himself if he hurt either one of us. I just wanted to know what it was like?”
“Listen to our voices.”
“Fair enough,” Tony conceded, “but they had it coming, Steve. I don’t regret putting those assholes in their place. No one gets away with beating on you, no one.”
“Yeah, he was an asshole too.”
“You can’t keep paying for my doctor’s bills, Tony,” Steve was shaking his head, building himself up to argue, “not on top of everything else.”
Tony’s eyes flashed with heat at those words before he calmed and softly said, “Of course, my sweet boy. Daddy’s going to take care of you.”
The plane had finally landed, and he couldn’t get off fast enough. Bucky never understood what possessed people to use the damned things anyway. If a boat sank, you could at least swim to try to keep from drowning. If a plane was crashing, what were you supposed to do then? Sprout wings and fly? He was just glad to be back on solid ground.
He had always been sir, a few times master. It had been fine with him because the experiences had been fun and pleasurable, but it had never affected him like it had when Bucky called him sir. And then daddy. He was only daddy to Bucky.
It was the last thought he had as he saw Steve begin to move. On the first real thrust all three of them moaned. His Daddy’s hand moved between them along his cock and squeezed the base firmly, making sure Bucky was good and waited to come. The added pressure made him clench down, earning him praise from the man inside him. The sound let him know that he was being so good.
“Bucky?” Steve asked uncertainly.
countries, and I have quite enough to deal with without you two declaring war on each other! I had a grand total of two hours of sleep last night from worrying over this and am too emotionally exhausted to handle anything. Don’t you realize what this means? Bucky’s going to war. He could die! He going to leave us…He’s…”
Tony shrugged, “I like to stay fit. It keeps me young. I told you I could be useful.”
She had happily agreed to it. She wasn’t looking for any man to come around and try for her attention; she was enjoying her independence. She and Tony had built a good friendship over the past several months. She was even close with Steve and Bucky, and all three of them shared dinner together at least once a week. Tony had even met her brother and his
“To you?” Bucky and Steve both asked together, and something warmed a little in his chest as he remembered many other instances of them speaking simultaneously.
Tony just barely had time to catch his balance before he would have been knocked over as he heard the sound of several items falling to the sidewalk. He instinctively reached out a hand to steady the man who’d collided with him.
“We’re sorry, honey. We’re so, so sorry. We love you.”
“It is absolutely necessary, Tony.” Dr. Abrams’s voice was firmer than before. “Truthfully, you should not be awake right now, much less this aware and energetic. We have no idea as to why you are recovering so quickly.”
Steve sighed, “Thank you, JARVIS. Can you please keep an eye on this?”
“Anything you’d like to share Cap?” Sam asked a bit more diplomatically than the archer. Natasha just stood there watching them with an all too knowing look.
in the photo.
“I know,” Steve told. “Mine too, and I’m worried about him. I’m worried what he’s going through and what that could end up doing to him.”
“Yes, sir, but I don’t really think this is the best…”
Bucky’s eyes opened at the throb he felt between his legs, and he looked down. Through his leathers he could see the outline that proved he was aroused, and he stared at it. Up until now every memory he had of sex with Steve and Tony had effected Bucky because of the emotions it brought to him, from the safety and care to the love that had filled him. He had enjoyed remembering the pleasure, obviously, but that had been because it was so much better than what Bucky had felt before.
Yes, Bucky thought as he sipped more juice, they both clearly remembered Tony saying those same things to someone else in defense of Steve. And now, Bucky knew why.
Steve watched as Bucky bit into the small piece of candy then looked at Tony with grateful joy in his eyes. “Thank you, Tony,” Bucky said after he’d chewed and swallowed. “I never thought I’d miss C-rats.”
“Curses, you’re right,” Tony muttered before he groaned. “Oohh, and now I want pie. This day is the worst.”
“Right,” Steve said. “This way.”
Bucky kissed him again and sighed. This was good. He was good, and Tony loved him the way he was.
Tony’s laugh was a little more genuine this time. “I’m sorry. You’re right. There is no outfit, and I’m talking crazy.”
Tony wet his lips and asked, “Please sweetheart, use my mouth, let me take care of you. I wanna feel it when you do.” And he reopened his mouth, panting at the thought of Bucky fucking into his throat.
When Tony got back to the apartment, he wondered what the hell just happened. He had a date, a date with someone who was either older than his mother or almost young enough to be his daughter. He didn’t want to think about that too closely.
“Anthony, you want to stay for a beer?” Tony did nothing to cover his suspicion at the request, and Howard huffed out a tired breath. “It’s not poisoned. You can even choose which bottles we’ll drink from.”
“Then, it’s just a wake up before we ride southwest about fifty kilometers to the camp where setup will begin. The first show will begin at two, I hope, because I really don’t want to have to hear that man bitch about lost time again.” Tony said as he laid down the file he’d been reading from, only to begin rubbing the top of his right hand with his left as if trying to warm it or ease an ache. He’d started doing that the day before, Steve had noted. His foot was still moving a mile a minute.
Yeah, he may have spent fifty cents on two pounds of coffee, but he didn’t really give a shit. He had money. He was getting coffee, even if it had been one of the most expensive things in the store.
Bucky’s eyes narrowed. “You wouldn’t dare.”
“Why don’t you go keep Steve company while I undress, gorgeous.” He said as he rose to his feet.
It had been a good day. Bucky taught him to Lindy Hop the next evening. Shag and Jive dancing were taught on the following nights. Tony smiled as he remembered doing the Jive with Bucky as Cab Calloway played on the radio. All the while Steve was doing a hilarious impersonation of the singer where he stood to the side of their “dance floor” and sang into an empty soda bottle he was using as a microphone.
**^**
“I know you could, but I’m still coming.” Tony told him. “I know you don’t need my help, Steve, but I can’t just stay behind and wait. I can’t.”
Howard had already turned to Erskine before Tony had finished speaking. “About that energy problem, doc,” he began, “I’ve almost got the generator finished and should be able to run a small test to see if it actually produces those Vita-rays you wanted, but I need a better number on how much power you’ll require. Not enough and we give the test subject a really deep tan. Too much and we’ll fry the son of bitch, possibly the rest of the room too.”
Phillips huffed. “You said that about Rogers, too, and I…should have listened,” he sighed leaning back. “Erskine said it, too. He said what Rogers could become, but I didn’t believe it.” Phillips met Tony’s eyes. “He said it about you, too.”
“Don’t you dare, Steve.” Tony grumbled with his eyes barely open as he watched Steve’s face. “Don’t you dare freak out and say, ‘I knew this would happen’ or something ridiculous like that. I enjoyed every second of it. The words deliciously sore come to mind.”
Bucky looked at the room that had come to mean so much to him, but the most important thing was missing. He walked along the tables and gently touched the tools and metal pieces. He picked up the Professor Utonium coffee mug and smiled as he remembered Tony telling Clint that DUM-E had broken it. That lovable liar, but Bucky knew he never lied about the important things.
“Thank you, Tony.” His voice was deep and quiet so as to not wake Steve. “This was the best Christmas we’ve had in, in forever. I’ve never really been able to give him much.”
“It’s really not that big a deal.” He said as he pushed the pasta around on his plate. “I was bored and wanted to do something nice for you.”
He never complained about his weaknesses. What was the point? It wouldn’t change anything, and it would only prove that he was, in fact, weak. But sometimes Steve wondered what it would be like to just wake up and feel good, healthy. What would it be like to not constantly ache or have to worry about asthma or getting sick because he’d gotten caught in the rain.
It's December, and the season is filled with surprises and fluff. There's sad news and exciting news. And a washing machine!
On his second trip, he brought up the presents and decorations. On his third trip, he stopped on the second floor and knocked on a door that looked identical to their own aside from the number on it. A man opened it.
“Don’t stop,” Steve commanded as he once again tugged at his fistful of Tony’s hair, his grip tight. “I want to know what he feels like.” Steve told him. “So whatever Bucky does to you, I want to feel you do it to me.” His upper body leaned forward as his ass was pushed more firmly into Tony’s face. “Fuck him with your tongue, love. I want to feel him moan against me.”
It looks back to the weapon. The arms looked strong, compounded reinforced metal. Advanced and Fascinating?…irrelevant, but…There was something in its mind. A whisper that itched in its head.
“I just think you should remember that not everyone fightin’ in this war wants to. Yes, they are enemies, but they are still people. I thought you were better than that.”
4.) Tony needed a job! He was not cut out to be June fucking Cleaver. A few more days of this, and he’d pull his hair out just for something to do. God, he missed his workshop.
“Of course, sweet boy.” Tony said breathlessly. Bucky was so good at his submission, and Tony wondered how Steve was going to get him to help dominate his daddy. Bucky was Tony’s to cherish, but tonight Tony was Steve’s to use and command. He almost shivered at the thought.
“I, uh,” How could he explain without saying that he was from the future where they’ve got a better understanding on asthma and emergency treatments without an inhaler. Modern inhalers didn’t exist yet. “I used to read a lot. Anything I came across. Medical journals were among them.”
Tony was not lost to the irony that this was James Barnes saying this to him. Because in seventy years, Tony would very well be able to say those same words to him with a much more profound meaning. Life was going to be very cruel to this young man all too soon. And he
“Theoretically, it’s supposed to produce a concentrated blast of energy.” Tony told him. “Realistically, I have no way of creating the energy needed to make it work, so at the moment it’s supposed to lay there and look pretty.”
“The paper boy, Tony,” Bucky answered patiently, shaking his head. “The one you just tipped twenty cents. That’s gonna buy him candy for at least a week.”
“You went to college when you were fifteen!?” Steve’s eyes widened as he leaned back.
Tony had teared up when he’d unwrapped the book.
Steve nodded. “I want you to take one day off and spend it with me.”
Another shot rang out, and this time Tony’s bullet grazed the man’s cheek. Schmidt recoiled to grab his face, appearing to struggle with the wound. Steve wondered for a moment if Tony’s bullet had done more damage than he’d thought, but when Schmidt finally looked back to them, they looked on in horror as he peeled the skin away. Schmidt’s face looked like nothing more than red skeletal bone, a nightmare Steve would have never believed to exist.
Steve
Howard was charming. Howard was funny. Howard was brilliant. He really was until everyone else went away, and Tony was left alone with his father. Then, Howard was a drunk. Howard was cruel. Howard was abusive and bigoted and jealous of Tony. It took many years for Tony to realize that last one. Howard had been jealous of Tony’s brilliance and wasn’t used to being outshined so he took it out on his son.
Tony sighed in relief. After joining this project and getting an unfiltered look behind the scenes, Tony had been a little horrified by how much Howard cared more about staying on schedule than ensuring the safety of the man who would be the recipient of the serum. He seemed to be under the notion that once the serum was administered, it would simply protect whoever was injected from anything that went wrong with the procedure.
“Fuck, Bucky,” Steve groaned, low and breathy. “So gorgeous. It’s been forever since I got to feel you.”
It was nice sharing warmth this way. Tony hadn’t slept next to anyone since Pepper, and while this wasn’t the same, it was comforting. He wondered if Steve or Bucky was all that comfortable with Tony being in bed with them. They’d grown up together, knew everything about the other. It was familiar. Tony was not. But the two men didn’t say anything, their breathing slow and steady.
He tossed the used tape into a garbage can and replied, “Thank you,” before he quickly made his way to the elevator. He didn’t even have to tell JARVIS where he wanted to go; the tower’s caretaker already knew and began the elevator’s ascent as soon as the doors were closed.
“We can bring you that notepad you always carry ‘round.” Bucky offered. “You know, the one you’re always scribbling in, and we can’t understand half of what it says.”
Howard’s mouth gave a faint smile. “Good deal.” They released hands, and each took a final drink of their almost empty bottles. Once they were done, Howard added, “My father’s name was Anthony. Did you know that?”
Steve panted and huffed as he brought his fists up. “I could do this all day,” he answered, taking a swing that was easily blocked before he was punched again.
“I cannot confirm that, Ms. Romanoff.” JARVIS supplied. “All evidence somehow shows that this name has been documented for decades. I can only agree that your search did not involve the name Anthony Sutton.”
Steve laughed then sighed. “At least it doesn’t seem too bad for him there. Of course he wouldn’t tell us the worst things anyway, but it sounds like he met some good people.”
This was a new low. Yeah, in his own time he’d noticed Steve and James’s bodies, had admired the muscles and sharp lines, but this had been different because this was a different Steve and Bucky. They were barely more than teenagers. They’d been so good to Tony, accepting him and treating him like a friend. When Tony had had literally nothing, he’d had Steve and Bucky. Who he’d lied to and used. Now he wanted to use them even more?
Tony told him as he went back to what he must have been working on before the interruption. It looked like a pile of oddly shaped metal to Bucky.
to break the bond himself.”
“Boys?” He asked as his blood started to pump a little faster. Bucky was biting that plush bottom lip of his while Steve just looked at him with heated eyes and a smirk.
Tony’s chest felt light in the wake of the recent concern for Bucky. They loved him back. He made them
“Shit, Tony, how did you get out of there?”
Avenue in Queens. He’d been found by Mr. Akerman, a local businessman who was the largest ice manufacturer in the borough and surrounding areas. His largest production machine was breaking down, and it was affecting his profits as well as the fact that he really couldn’t meet the demands of supplying his clients.
“Feel free to time me,” he yelled before he took off up the rope, pulling his body ever higher with only his arms. His muscles feeling the burn as he pushed himself through it. When he got to the top, he swung and caught the next rope. He didn’t want to lose his momentum so he swung again immediately, catching the next in line, then did the same for the one after that and so on until he reached the end. He felt the rush of accomplishment with a hint of smugness as he lowered himself to the ground.
He was actually doing this. He was about to actively take part in WW2 as a member of the Howling Commandos. He knew he shouldn’t, but Tony was never very good at doing the things he was supposed to do. Besides, how much history can one guy in a team of eight really change, especially when he would be trying his hardest to remain a mystery. People wouldn’t know his name. They wouldn’t look at a decades old photograph and say, “Oh my God, that’s Tony Stark!”
“You guys have no idea,” Bucky told them.
As Bucky watched Tony pour the first of the batter in the pan he realized, “Tony, have you had your coffee yet?”
“Sshh…” Tony whispered quietly. “None of this is your fault, sweetheart. Don’t be sorry. I’m just so glad that your safe now. Steve and I went crazy at the thought of losing you. None of that matters because you’re safe.”
looked, taking in the details he’d been missing all this time. Tony was going to be forty-two in a few months. He’d been here a little over two years. He’d been stressed through a lot of it, and he didn’t have the expensive skin care products he once had access to.
Erskine smirked at this. “I don’t believe that common is a word that should be used to describe you, Tony,” he said as they stopped in front of the diner’s door. Tony opened it for the other man. “Thank you,” he told him as he entered the little eatery, and Tony followed him feeling slightly off step.
He knew that Steve really missed Bucky, and Tony knew he was worried about Bucky going off to war and not returning. Tony wondered how much of Steve’s determination to join the army wasn’t because he had to follow where Bucky went, even if it literally was to the end of the line. Tony knew that both of his boys loved him deeply, but they had loved each other first. They had loved each other for over half a decade before they met Tony. Yes, they loved Tony, but the love they had for each other was different. Not better or stronger, just different.
More silence followed until Monty said, “Are you putting us on? How did you come to be here, then?”
Bucky smiled, but he took his duffle back from Tony. He started to protest, but Bucky said, “Not a chance, honey. You may be better, but you’re still bruised. I can carry my own bag. Besides, I don’t want you tired and sore later, at least, not tired and sore from that.”
He’d heard Howard chuckle quietly as his father had looked down at his project, and Tony had rolled his eyes before leaving the lab. He’d still had a lot of work to catch up on around the neighborhood anyway. This would just allow him to get to it faster.
“Color?”
“You know the rules, baby.” Tony scolded as he knelt over him. “If you want to ask me for something, use your manners.”
Tony let out an impressed whistle. “Wow. I’ve only made a few appliances out of spare parts. I can’t imagine creating something like all this.”
Steve wouldn’t quite meet their eyes. “Well, I’m gonna head to bed. G’night Buck. Tony.”
She shifted uncomfortably. “Yes, well, this is your transponder. Activate it when you’re ready, and the signal will lead us straight to you,” she said as she handed it to Steve.
Tony looked at the earnest faces of the young men. Both waiting patiently for him to explain himself, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t…
“Like what?” She asked Tony sarcastically, finally glancing at him before turning back to Steve. “You heard the Colonel. Your friend is most likely dead.”
Tony removed his fingers from Steve’s relaxed hole and used them to collect the ejaculate that was still on his stomach. Tony moved his now covered fingers back to Steve’s entrance, circling lightly but going no further. “Maybe you need a break? You look a little tired.”
“Yes, you are.” Steve said firmly as he slowed his thrusts to ground his hips deeply. “You’re mine, so only my opinion matters. I love your chest, Tony.” Tony groaned as Steve’s dick rubbed along his prostate, and Bucky settled in the back of his throat. “Bucky loves it too. Tell him, love.”
Once Tony reached them, he lowered himself to the ground and pulled out a small metal tin from his pack.
Bucky’s mind flashed in pain as a memory he didn’t know he possessed flooded his thoughts.
“Early?” Steve answered for James. “Tony its after six. You’ve been gone all day. We didn’t know if you were coming back.”
Gone.
Tony’s mind blinked with static as he felt heat curling in his gut. He knew it was wrong, but it didn’t seem to matter, he was so turned on right now. Steve continued talking, saying filthy things to Bucky as he (from the sounds being made) very enthusiastically sucked Steve off like it was his job.
that you heard something, but you must have been mistaken. I know this because I actually hear and see a lot of what goes on around here. I’m everywhere in this neighborhood, in this borough. I also know
He felt Tony’s hands begin to pull the bottom of his shirt from his pants, and as the pads of those calloused fingers brushed along his bare skin, Steve shivered and clenched his hands.
Yes, Steve did like that thought. He’d never been able to really mark or move Tony the way he knew the other man would have enjoyed, but he didn’t want to injure Tony. He couldn’t drink a glass of milk without causing damage for God’s sake.
“Why do you both keep saying that?” Tony asked knowing exactly why they could think him capable of it. “Of course I didn’t kill him!”
Bucky watched as he put the bottles on ice (so to speak) and shrugged. “A guy I know who owed me a favor. A couple favors actually.”
Seriously!! What was in this damn coffee?
Tony shifted uncomfortably. “I heard you two the other day.”
It was another task entirely to keep everyone fed. Luckily, some of the newer men from the other group now under his command had come from the deep south of their country. They were used to hunting for their food. Bucky was so thankful for this and easily admitted it was a damn useful skill to have. Still, food was scarce here because of the destruction the war had caused. Bucky had never eaten rabbit before a few days ago, but as he’d chewed the meat, he’d sworn it was the best thing he’d ever had. He’d eaten several things for the first time these past few days.
Steve wished he could drink the stuff like Tony did. He hated the mornings. His back always ached when he got up because of his curved spine. His joints took time to loosen up when he’d start his day, and because it was winter, Steve knew that if he went outside his lungs would have trouble with the cold, frosty air.
. “Hey, fellas,” he answered as he rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. “Sorry. I tried to wave and get your attention when we left, but I guess you didn’t see me.” He hadn’t quite met their eyes yet. “I walked Lucille home.”
“Hello?” Tony called as he stepped into the foyer.
Tony turned his head to side glance the colonel. He couldn’t seem to make his tense muscles stand down from his confrontation with Howard. God only knows what was about to come out of his father’s mouth now that their commanding officer was here.
Tony swallowed. This wasn’t a date, he reminded himself. This was getting coffee with a friend, with
There was a reason Dugan had been so worried and loyal. It was the same reason the other men had shared that worry and loyalty. Bucky had earned their respect the hard way, and Steve and Tony were not going to ruin that for him. He watched under the tree twelve feet away as Tony sat beside Bucky, took off his scarf and rolled it before handing it to the exhausted man. Bucky was shaking his head at the scarf, but Tony just lightly hit him over the head with it, and Steve heard him say, “Just use the damn scarf, tough guy.”
two low-class, uneducated misfits. We expected you to run outta here the first chance you got, but you just kept using your money to help us here instead of finding your own place. And we were so grateful, but we just kept waiting for you to have enough. We felt like we were
Steve and Bucky just chuckled before they finally settled into the rest of their flight. Bucky’s approach just seemed to be keeping his eyes closed and pretending he wasn’t there. Steve just seemed like he wanted to rest before he had to deal with all the meetings ahead of him. Tony used the time to think.
Bucky’s head spun at the amount of things Tony juggled every day. It was a testament to how good Tony was that he could get even half of that done in one day, but Bucky knew he would finish it all by the time he got home tonight.
“You’re the…only one, Tony,” Steve managed to say around his choked breaths. “The only one to…do this to me. Love you…so much.”
Tony knew he couldn’t evade the question. He couldn’t even run out the door because Steve was on his fucking lap. Yeah, the blonde had planned this.
Not long after they were all getting settled into the joined beds with Steve in the middle. All three of them in their sleep pants and shirts. Several blankets piled over them. Tony scooted closer to Steve, and when he didn’t object, he closed the remaining distance between them, their sides flush against each other. Bucky did the same on Steve’s other side.
“What?!” Steve barked out, completely thrown by the question. “What the hell does that mean? Of course you have a soul!”
by Victor Hugo. He hadn’t read it since he was thirteen and in high school. Some people think the story is depressing, but Tony liked the reminder that other people went through struggles too, and things could always be worse than they are now. It helped him focus on the things he could be thankful for.
Next, he went to the butcher and spent another two dollars. The butcher shop also delivered ice, so Tony paid for them to deliver the meat he’d purchased along with the ice block to the apartment. He couldn’t let the meat spoil due to poor refrigeration.
“Uuhhnn…” Steve groaned thickly. His breathing sounded strained as he panted in wheezing breaths above Tony. “Yes,” he choked, “fuck…please, sir…”
Oh, you sassy little shit, Tony thought. The men just looked confusedly to Tony who shrugged. “I knock out everyone else,” he told them before following Steve through a large metal door that hopefully was in the right direction.
There was that chest warmth again. If Tony was in his time, he’d see a doctor about that. Maybe it was some kind of delayed infection from the surgery. It couldn’t be feelings. Tony didn’t get those anymore, not since Pepper left.
“Shit,” Bucky said because there was little else to say. This was fortified territory.
Steve spoke first. “Are you gonna, um, keep your shirt on?”
“Mr. Stark!” A loud and heavily accented voice greeted enthusiastically. “You are right on time, mio amico.”
As they waited for some taxis to show up, Tony spoke. “So, guys, what are the plans today?”
I also would like to say that moving forward, any actions taken during all future sexual scenes between them were discussed beforehand by our boys. If it wasn't specifically mentioned in their discussion, it was implied that they would have covered the subject as they continued talking at the end of the chapter. Everything is safe, sane and consensual. All words used (mild slut shaming) was discussed and requested by the specific person. Enjoy.
Steve threw a napkin at his face, and Tony caught it laughing. Bucky just yanked it out of his hand and smacked him playfully on the back of his head with it.
“I’m always up for a movie.” He answered as he finished his shuffling. “Same game? Or are we playing somethin’ new?”
The plane shook a little, and Bucky cursed a blue streak, finally ending with, “Are you fuckin’ kidding me?”
Bucky silenced him with a kiss. It seemed to work as Tony relaxed against him. He slowly pulled away, but didn’t go far. “I was just gonna say, thank you.” Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “I really loved being with you, and thank you for taking care of me,” he finished shyly. Bucky did not like talking about this, but he realized he was going to have to. “And for not judging me.”
Joe laughed along with the others. “I’m gonna enjoy this.”
Whether it was the pranks they played on each other (and him) or the jokes and teasing they constantly hurled at one another or even when they’d bicker like an old married couple, it was never dull. Bucky was home during most of the day now when he wasn’t looking for a new job. Tony had told him there was no pressure, and he shouldn’t take the first thing he found out of desperation. He should like whatever job he got. Bucky had a lot of useful skills.
“So he’s not gonna say anythin’?” Steve asked slowly.
The moments stretched in silence as everyone watched and waited for the rest of what Steve was going to say. For whatever reason Steve was having trouble getting it out, so Bucky pulled on his big boy pants, bit the bullet and finished Steve’s sentence.
He saw a flash of
Bucky smiled at that. “Really?”
“I only designed most of them,” he said in an attempt to seem humble, “not all, but I did build everything here.”
They’ve been
“Holy shit!” Clint voice rang out. Bucky looked over in surprise and embarrassment. He’d completely forgotten the others were here. “Are you two and Stark? I mean were you in the past? Was this a thing?”
“You don’t have to, baby.” Tony told him, smiling. “I’m happy just being home. Besides, people will only come to visit during the day, and I want to be able to hold you at night.”
“Sshh, you’re almost ready. Let us love you, sweetheart,” he said before kissing him again, taking his time and going deep with his tongue as Bucky felt a third finger finally join the others. It was the sweetest ache. Steve’s fingers were so thick now, but they moved so slowly inside him, building him up before letting him gently fall back down. It was like a rolling wave of pleasure that began in his middle and rippled through the rest of him. The swell and release of pressure consumed him.
“Well, either way,” Steve said, “after we’re done eating we’ll get back to work. Bucky and I can join if you need us. We’re not going to stop until we’ve found a way to bring him home.”
“I don’t know what half this stuff is.” Bucky said as he looked at the menu. “I don’t speak Italian food. Oh, look, they have spaghetti!”
So Tony held out his hand in offering, and Howard reached out to clasp it, sealing their new truce. “I can live with those terms.”
Men around them were shouting as they dove into the hole Bucky and the others were already defending. He could see the line of German soldiers approaching, firing as they came to force the Americans to risk being shot in their attempt to keep them back.
The others nodded in agreement.
“You’re cooking?”
liked it.”
“Pie!” Tony couldn’t believe it. “How did I not smell it?”
Her face fell. “The 107th? Didn’t anyone tell you?”
Phillips walked up to lean his hip against his desk as he crossed his arms. “This isn’t official yet, but we’re leaving for London tomorrow along with the freed men to allow them rest before going back to active duty. Though I’ll make sure most will be kept away from the front, they’ve gone beyond duty at this point. As for Rogers and the rest of us, the work will be just starting. You said you want to help, Stark. Did you mean that?”
“Are those waffles, Cap?” Sam said as he grabbed his now full mug and went to stand by the stove.
Steve turned to look at him, then put the bowl down beside him and moved the bacon from the burner. “What?”
“Thank you, I was a little worried what with me being by myself in the kitchen, but there’s only been one small fire…Kidding!” He said at their panicked looks. “Just kidding, trying to lighten the mood although now I can see that suggesting a house fire was not the way to go with that.”
His hand continued its soft touches as he continued, “I can’t begin to understand what you went through, Buck, and I won’t insult you by saying everything is going to be alright. I promise you, though, it can get better. It will be hard, and some days are going to be worse than others, but it can get better a little at a time. I’m not giving up on you, Buck. Even if we can never have what we had before, I will still be here with you. We can both get better.”
He looked closely at Tony. “I do not wish to know about my future as I agree with you that things should not be changed, but am I right in guessing that you know more about me than you have pretended?”
“So why aren’t you still there recovering?” Howard had asked, walking around the table. His eyes had gone over Tony’s appearance, taking in every detail undoubtedly.
The men around them cheered in celebration. Bucky’s eyes were slightly teasing as he met Steve’s, and Tony stood beside him smiling and laughing in the moment. Knowing they were all safe, knowing that he’d finally proved he could be useful, this was one of the best moments of Steve’s life.
“Well, hello to you too.” He chuckled as he returned the embrace. “I take it you’re not just happy to see me, though.”
) had mentioned Harry Potter. Bucky had been surprised at how much he’d liked those books, just like he’d been surprised to like the music the man had shown him. It was a little easier talking to Stark (
“That didn’t work very well,” Tony said without thinking, and he bit his tongue.
Steve hesitated as he watched Tony stop and look at the other man, answering coldly. “I told you. I follow the Captain. I’m a chorus girl in training, and if you don’t mind, we have to get ready for the show.”
“Daddy,” Tony finished for him, and Bucky nodded guiltily. “If I’m gonna be perfectly honest here, I really liked it.” Bucky’s face changed to surprise. “Are you disgusted by me, now?” Tony asked.
“Thanks, fellas,” Bucky said as he sat up to eat. Tony thanked them as well, but they just waved it off.
Tony shuddered as all the air left his lungs. Right, he… OK. There were no hands trying to hurt him. It was Steve and Bucky, both of whom he could now see looked terrified.
Tony raised his head again and kissed him more deeply this time, and Steve opened for him. The scratch of beard against his skin heightened the sensations he felt as Tony sucked at his tongue in an unhurried way. There was nothing forceful or inherently dominant about it, but Steve realized that it didn’t have to be. Tony was clearly in charge, and he was pushing Steve’s endurance in a different way than he’d usually do by forcing him to stay still. Steve could stay still, right?
“He said something like my ma probably died of shame ‘cause her son was diseased.” Bucky hissed at this. “He could see how angry I was getting. He told me to try something. He’d love to finish the beating he still owes me, and that there wasn’t some creepy drifter to save me this time.” Steve wouldn’t meet Tony’s eyes. “He said it was messed up that Tony was staying with us, and how I probably…”
Tony looked up, and Bucky was surprised to see that he looked scared. “It was too much, wasn’t it?” Tony asked, slightly panicked. “I pushed too far. I knew I should have slowed things down. We should have taken the time to discuss things more, and I was too controlling,” Tony was working himself up.
. “Tony Stark is speechless.” He said as he pulled back to look up into his eyes with a playful smirk. “I thought I’d have to do a lot more before that happened,” he murmured as he moved back to kiss along Tony’s neck. His breath was hot against his skin as he spoke “and I was planning this all day. All the things I’d have to do to take you past the point of words.”
“I don’t think you’re giving Tony enough credit, love.” He thought about it some more and sighed, “It doesn’t really matter in the long run though, does it? We can’t let him know, or we’ll probably lose him. I don’t want to damage what we have.”
“Bucky told us not to avoid each other just because he’s gone.” Tony reminded him. He was done with dancing around the Bucky shaped hole between them. “Our sweet love knows us too well, baby. These past few days have been hard enough, and I don’t want this to be what our relationship is like without him,” he finished honestly. Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and gently squeezed. “We’re closer than this.”
“He’s the scientist who recruited me. It's his project. I’m sorry I had to keep everything a secret from you and Bucky. I hated lying even if it was by omission.” Tony’s face was a mixture of pride and sadness as he stared into Steve’s eyes. “I’m so proud of you, Steve. He has been looking for the right candidates for so long and is very selective. He must have seen something special in you.”
“Shit, Bucky, you should see yourself.” Steve panted. “Taking both of us. You feel so good, love. You’re incredible.”
It was Bucky’s turn to give him a dry look. “Bein’ queer’s not exactly unheard of in this neighborhood. You have to know that by now. The hotel a few blocks away is pretty much a haven for ‘em, and you musta seen some of the guys dressed as dames on the street at night by now. And everyone knows what goes on at night at the navy yard a few blocks away.”
I had always wondered what Hydra might have done to condition certain physical responses out of their asset. I mean, Bucky is enhanced in every sense of the word, so his libido would also be effected. So, this is my answer to myself. Torture upon signs of arousal as a deterant, along with chemical castration. All in the name of turning him into a weapon whose function was to comply. I'm not a fan of HydraTrashParty. A reason for that being that, as bad as it is, it still humanizes the asset in a way. The asset is a thing. Bucky's journey with recovering his humanity is what draws me to that character, so yeah, this was my exploration of that. How certain pieces of his humanity were taken from him.
Bucky’s mind continued to replay the thoughts and memories of that week, his last few days of training before finally going home. He remembered Dum-Dum and the guys, and he remembered that asshole Williams giving him shit throughout all of it. Even the bus ride home had been filled with the guy talkin’ crap because he’d heard Bucky tell Dugan, who’d wanted to see the gals Bucky had been getting letters from, that his sweethearts wouldn’t be meeting him at the station. They didn’t know about each other, and he didn’t want them meeting. Williams had just gone on about how it was really because they didn’t exist. Bucky had been ready to hit the guy by the time the bus had arrived where their families were waiting.
Maybe that would help put Tony at ease because Steve was really beginning to worry about him. Tony’s desperate conversation with him the night before had scared Steve. He didn’t understand how Tony was so certain that Bucky was in trouble. It reminded Steve of the stories his ma used to tell him. Folk tales and superstitions from Ireland about how someone could sense the loss of a loved one before anyone knew about it. Or tales of witches that had a sight that allowed them to see over long distances.
Bucky laughed as he said lowly, “You look good in everything, honey.”
This is for all of you truly amazing people. The response to the last chapter was staggering. I was overwhelmed by the number of comments and wonderful things you took the time to write. I couldn't even finish responding to them all on my lunch hour! So this is going up as a great big thank you. Your support means the world to me.
The feel of hands gently running over his skin was the first thing he noticed as the world slowly returned. It felt soothing, and he sighed. He was warm in this soft place. He heard quiet voices whispering sweet things to him, and he felt loved and safe. The longer he listened to the voices and focused on the light touches, he began to understand more of his surroundings. It was like slowly waking from a good dream. He felt the skin of two bodies against his, but their voices let him know it was OK.
Tony watched him go to the tiny bathroom in the corner of the apartment next to the kitchen. The sound of a faucet running could be heard through the door as James got ready for his day. Tony supposed it was time to get up.
Steve was already getting to his knees as he nodded his yes.
As Bruce began adding the different types of chopped and pureed tomatoes, he asked, “How are you both feeling?”
He could see Steve struggle over the impact of his words, knowing the blonde would probably like to say a lot more than he could at the moment. Then, Tony caught that twinkle in Steve’s eye just before he smirked. “Ya know, I don’t ever remember askin’ you to feed us when we met. You’re the one that chose to adopt us like a couple of strays.”
Tony wanted to reach over and grab his hand, but he couldn’t, so he just patted Bucky’s shoulder and leaned in to whisper, “I know, sweetheart, but we’ll be over the channel and back on the ground before you know it.” He leaned back and asked, “Have you been to London yet?”
He took the steps of the stairs two at a time as he raced up to their apartment. His heart was pounding, and he was quietly pleading to any deity that would listen for history not to repeat itself any further.
He knew Bucky would want this too, want the reminder of who they were to each other. It had been a while. Since Tony arrived, they’d had to sneak in quick moments of affection, quiet sessions of lust when Tony was sound asleep. They made up for lost time.
“That doesn’t mean you gotta run your fool mouth to Joe fucking Collins! He’s a creep, Stevie. He coulda killed you!” James all but yelled. “And you know those assholes that follow him woulda helped, especially Paul, he…”
“Oh, well, sorry about that. I lost track of time.” They didn’t look relieved by his answer, so he continued, “I was just walking, lost in my own head. I get like that. My brain never shuts up, you know. It’s worse than my mouth.”
“Steve, the day you just lay there and do nothing while having sex is the day I join the priesthood. Though I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised at how
Tony thought as he watched the doomed display begin. In all fairness the car did hover for a few seconds. Tony heard Bucky’s stunned “Holy cow” right before the car crashed to the stage in a mess of sparking, failed technology. Tony was embarrassed to see the Stark logo on the now ruined vehicle. Why would you demonstrate technology that was not proven to be reliable? What kind of publicity is that?
He stopped at the foot of their bed and turned to them. Their faces were a mix of confusion and hope. He reached up and began to undo the buttons of his shirt. Raising an eyebrow at them, he smirked. In his bedroom voice, he asked, “You two just going to stand there, or do I need to undress you? Not that I’d mind, but it would take longer for me to get my mouth on you.”
“Shit,” Sam swore under his breath.
Traffic was, as Jarvis had said, pretty damn slow. Tony checked his watch as he sat behind the wheel of his newly acquired 1964 Pontiac GTO. He’d restored it himself and added a few upgrades under the hood. It was a beast. Though not Tony’s usual style, the black and chrome muscle car was something he’d always toyed with the idea of having.
“You’re probably right, as usual,” Steve agreed, “but I’m glad he did fall for us. I can barely remember how things were the first time without him, but I do know they were worse. He helped us every step of the way from the moment he got there. I know what you and I had before was something special, and I treasure that, but Tony is just the perfect fit for us. He balanced us in a way I didn’t know was missing.”
He had even taken them camping in the fall for a few days. Just three friends out enjoying the wilderness, or that’s what they’d told people. They mostly stayed in their cabin and fucked on every surface, but that was only for them to know.
Bucky stood before the metal door of the lab. He didn’t know why he kept returning here, but he did. He knew Tony wasn’t in there. Still, it was the place he felt closest to him. It was where he’d spent the most time with the man before all of this started, and his memories were strongest here. Even though the man owned the whole building, nothing was more sacred to Tony than this space. It usually took something important to make him leave his sanctuary, that or Steve forcing him to leave so he could eat and sleep. Bucky smiled at that thought.
The guards both moved forward to follow his orders as the men in the cage began to fight back, protecting the one that had been singled out. The guards used clubs to beat the men down before finally grabbing one and dragging him from the cell. The man in the white coat calmly closed the cell door after them.
Tony shrugged. “About as much as most people, I guess. Whether it’s true or not, I couldn’t say. I’m not one of those people who believe everything in the papers.”
A young boy about twenty feet away was yelling. “Papers! Get your news here folks. Don’t wait to hear about it, read it for ya’self. A penny a paper!”
! You’re hurt! You could have been killed! I can’t bring myself to give a shit about them right now.”
Bucky stopped that thought. He couldn’t finish. It was not helpful. He should focus on what he could do. After all, he’d stepped up and helped Steve tonight, and that mission had been a success. Now it was time to help Tony. He’d step out of his comfort zone a little more with the team after breakfast. He knew it was probably killing Steve that he wasn’t actively helping with the search for a way to save Tony. Bucky was already beginning to feel anxious about it, so he knew it would be worse for Steve.
Tony opened his mouth, then closed it. Huh. “That could…that could work.” He turned to look at Steve who was wearing an identical smile to Bucky.
“What the fuck happened?” Clint asked loudly, but Bucky could hear the concern in his words.
They stared him for a second before Bucky crowed, “Really? That’s great, Tony. With who?”
*****
“About that,” Clint said. “Why aren’t we all ‘Ouch, it’s hurts so much that I passed out’ like Cap and Barnes were? Not that I’m complaining because that didn’t look fun, but why just a little dizziness and it’s over?”
As he snuck over to Steve’s hotel room, he hoped to find Steve in a better mood than last time. He wasn’t disappointed. Once he’d knocked, there was a noticeable absence of a crash, and Steve’s eyes were mercifully his usual brilliant blue. His smile completed the picture.
Bucky spread his legs wide for Steve as he crawled between them, exposing himself. The blonde placed a soft kiss on one side of his firm rounded ass and murmured, “So good for us, love,” before he lowered his head between Bucky’s cheeks.
“Ruth,” Tony interrupted her panicked apologies, calling her by her name as a friend would to get her attention. “You have nothing to be sorry for. That man did a disservice to everyone who shared his gender. I’m not going to judge you for being glad he’s gone. I won’t tell a soul what you said. No one will know, and there will be no gossip on the subject; it’ll be our secret. I just want you to know that if you need help, please remember that there are three friends living right next door who would be happy to provide it. Even if you just want some polite conversation now and then.”
God save him, they were both self-sacrificing idiots. He wanted to know what
“What’d you say to me?” Joe snarled. Tony swore he could see a vein throb on the side of his overlarge forehead. “Piece of shit, ya think you’re better than us because ya fix broken lamps? I bet you’re just as big an invert as Rogers. If Barnes wasn’t such a slut for anything in a skirt, I’d think he was fuckin’ both of ya.”
Yeah, he probably loved them. His time spent in their company was the happiest of his life. Cooking with Steve, joking with Bucky. Watching Steve draw on the floor next to the sofa as Tony pretended to read the paper, hearing Bucky sing along with the radio as he worked around the apartment doing little chores. His life had never been so peaceful.
That had truly been the first time he’d met Tony in the present, when the music had stopped and everything grew quiet. Looking into those warm brown eyes, that was the moment Bucky had met Tony Stark, and everything after in this room had been alright. He may not have been able to appreciate or understand everything that moment meant in the months that followed. He may not have known what the man would one day become to him. He may have struggled to care, but that didn’t matter. Tony had cared. Tony had always cared.
“You know I’m going to worry anyway, so stop fighting me.” Tony told him. “We…we almost lost you, sweetheart,” Tony said, his voice breaking before he controlled himself. “Just please, rest while you can. Steve is talking to our gruff leader right now, and I’m fairly sure that after their discussion, they’re going to keep you both very busy. Enjoy this while you can.”
Tony shook his head. “You don’t get it. I’m still that man. I’m just trying to survive. Everything I’ve done has been to escape the fear, to make sure I’m never hurt and scared like that again. I’m just trying to survive.”
Bucky and Steve both shook their heads as Tony began to pull him along toward the door and Steve followed.
It was certain the one named Steve knew how to knock. Knocking was a basic function, like shooting and running.
Steve looked back to the men following and caught Dugan looking at him, Bucky, and Tony. When the man realized Steve was watching, he gave a nod before looking forward again. Steve didn’t know what to make of that, or he hoped he didn’t.
Tony relaxed a little more. “I’m glad. After the dinner you made for me, even when I’d been so unpleasant while I was stuck in bed those days, I wanted to say thank you.”
So with about thirty-two dollars in his pocket and groceries in his arms, Tony was knocking on the door to the too small apartment, hoping Steve was there to let him in.
Tony kinda wanted to cry. The difference was heartbreaking. This must be how Steve felt every day. For Tony to see the sparkle that played in those eyes, even as they slightly narrowed in suspicion, and know what they would one day become, was like a knife. Fucking Hydra.
“Aw, Jacques, you do care,” Bucky mumbled to him before turning to Tony. “I swear I’m alright, Tony.”
you. Oh god, I hurt you so bad, Stevie! I almost killed you! I’m sorry, I’m so sorry! I’m sorry…”
Howard’s eyes met Tony’s, and yeah, Tony had seen that look before. Howard felt cheated and resented the hell out of Tony for stealing his moment. Of course Howard had probably already planned to use faraday cages inside the chamber to contain the energy. He had just wanted to point out a problem to make sure he got full credit when he solved it. You didn’t become a famous genius by quietly hiding your brilliance, after all, but for Howard it was a step by step process of “look at me, I’m so smart”.
“Jealous, Williams?” Bucky drawled because as much as he hated it, he needed everyone to think he was the free living ladies’ man he’d spent years pretending to be. “Don’t be mad ‘cause you gotta pay for it.”
with you, Tony,” Steve frowned, “we
It didn’t know what was alright. The one named Steve would sometimes ask, but it didn’t know what alright was in correlation to itself. It answered the best it could. “I am functioning, but the arm requires maintenance.”
Also, Italian will be spoken in this chapter. I apologize in advance to any of you lucky people who speak that beautiful language because I, sadly, do not. Blame google translate. Translations will be in the end notes.
“Maybe your first opinions were wrong.” Tony said just to be difficult. His anxiety was spiking, and it was making him defensive. Hadn’t he been through enough without this happening to him?
Playing along with a dramatically sincere voice, Tony asked, “What do want, Steve? Gold? Jewels? Candy for breakfast? The earth itself? You have only to ask, and I will give it to you or die trying.”
The man bent to pick up his belongings, and Tony quickly joined him, grabbing all the papers he could before the wind decided to send them to the Bronx.
Bucky’s dick twitched in answer, but he nodded his head quickly. “Yes. Fuck, please.”
Joe, presumably, answered. “It’s cuz he’s a crumb, Paul. Mouthy little greaseball.”
“You took care of me last night, too,” Steve reminded him. “You were always there to call me out when I needed it. You always tried to save me from my poor choices.”
Bucky could see how right Tony had been in that. JARVIS was far more than a computer system. The events of this night alone proved that to be true.
Upon hearing his question, Steve’s anger was replaced by what Tony could only interpret as sad exhaustion, as he answered, “You were hit by a truck. Do you remember?”
“Good day, Millie,” Erskine smiled, “I hope you are well?”
The man was well dressed. At least, his clothes looked nicer than most of the pedestrians around them, some of which looked very worn, he should have a watch.
Tony slowly opens his eyes, coming down from his coffee high and sets his sights on the source of the interruption. Captain Steven Grant Rogers. National Icon. The First Superhero and Tony’s childhood hero, Captain Fucking America was entering the kitchen. He wasn’t alone. Behind him stood their other resident super-soldier, former POW and brainwashed assassin, Steve’s oldest and bestest buddy, Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes.
“We’ve always been so careful.” Bucky continued. “Steve and me, we were always quiet or only fooled around when we knew they weren’t home.”
I got to do more research for this chapter about life in the late 1930s. Did you know that coffee was one of the more expensive items in a grocery store at $0.25 a pound? Butter and oranges were about the same. The average income was around $1,300. Pilots had one of the largest salaries at $8,000 annually, while doctors ($3,300) and lawyers ($4,200) pulled in a very comfortable income. Bucky unfortunately would be at the low end of the income list. I found that steel workers made $420 annually, so as a dock worker, I'd place him at around that income.
“Our prayers are with them.” Steve said earnestly. “If there’s anything we can do to help get them into the country faster, let us know.” Bucky and Tony nodded in agreement.
He’s sure that liking to watch other people had to be something that some people enjoyed, like the best kind of movie, only he got to be in the movie too.
Tony shrugged, trying to keep Bucky focused on the conversation. “The rest of the men that were rescued are on the boats, but Steve requested that us and the others travel with him.”
“Steve, calm down.” Tony firmly cut him off. “You don’t need to upset yourself again. I have no plans to leave because of what some jerkoff said. I don’t care what other people think of me, Steve. I never have. People are usually stupid, assholes or both, and I don’t have the time or inclination to try to please them. I know the kind of person you are. You’re the best kind of person, and I don’t need other people choosing my friends for me.”
Steve spoke. “We just got to these memories, but I don’t remember filming this. Do you remember this, Bucky?”
Erskine looked at him with that piercing stare, and Tony could see the man weighing out the risks and reasons in his head. He felt like his heart was going to beat out of his chest. This was it, no going back. Tony was jumping in feet first to keep what was his.
Tony slapped his ass and said, “Turn around. About face, soldier.”
“It’s even worse now that I know I love Tony.” Bucky said. “I keep thinkin’ of all these things, and I know it won’t happen, but what if by some miracle
Martinelli went and shook both of their hands in quick succession. “Molto piacere di conoscerti. If you are friends of Tony, then you are my friends as well.” He turned back to Tony. “Everything is prepared as you requested. Shall we go?”
“I thought you were dead,” the blonde said,
Bucky just looked down at his meal. “Anyway, it’s over now, and I seem to be OK. It's healing and everything. I’m just glad we made it out, and I’m gonna enjoy the time we have off before we have to split up and go back to work.”
Bucky shook his head. “It’s not your job to pay my way, Tony. You do so much already.”
He was so dizzy. It was all he could do to stay upright.
“I don’t know what I can do besides housework, and I’ve already been doing that.”
Steve blushed as Tony tugged on his hand walking backwards to the bedroom while curling a finger with his other hand, motioning for Bucky to follow.
“Very good, sir.” She said with a small bow of her head. “I’ll tell the kitchen.” Then she walked out.
“Hello, Earth to Tony, anyone there?” Tony flinched when the hand waved in front of his face.
In his mind he saw those scars that Tony had hidden from them for three months. His heart ached for his friend. The damage was extensive, apparently both physically and mentally. How could it not be? That’s what had been hardest.  Seeing the shame and disgust on Tony’s face as he refused to meet their eyes.
Tony turned, looking confused as to why they were no longer following, but that quickly morphed to understanding. “Let’s just take the stairs. Sounds good?”
Bucky frowned, looking confused. “What does that have to do…”
The one named Anthony Stark shrieked like a small female child when woken. It would never get to have quiet around Anthony Stark. It wanted to leave and find quiet. This room was loud with music and machines and the Stark.
Bucky wanted to rage at everything and everyone. This wasn’t fair! None of them deserved this! They were happy and together and in love. Why were they destined to have everything ripped away from them? Why were they stuck here, damaged from everything they’d been through, and completely unable to save Tony from the thing he fears most: losing them and being left alone.
Steve reached in his pocket, searching for a key, and Tony began to panic. This was it. Steve would expect him to leave now that he was home, but Tony didn’t want to go. He was terrified. He was homeless, and broke, and the only person he knew was about to walk away from him, and Tony couldn’t…
After a few more minutes, Steve’s hips were getting clumsy before finally losing rhythm and settled on grinding against Tony to stretch him even more. “Please…” he moaned, and Tony’s control snapped.
“Besides boy scout, you think I didn’t come prepared?” Tony said as he lowered himself to rub along the head of Steve’s dick.
“That’s Ok, though,” Bucky continued. “Over the last few hours, I’ve realized that I’m selfish enough that it doesn’t bother me. You need to take care of me, and I’m thankful for that.” Bucky grabbed his hand and squeezed lightly. “I’m thankful for it. I’ve been laying here thinkin’ of the past few days, the past few months, and I realized that I never really thanked you. I never stopped to fully appreciate what you did when you refused to fight me. How much you were risking when you set out to find me, and what it might have cost you when you brought me here. Thank you, Steve.”
Also, what Tony did for Steve is what I found for treating an asthma attack without an inhaler. Remove stress, calm the person, hot caffeinated beverage and inhaling eucalyptus oil until emergency medical treatment arrives. Well, they didn't have emergency treatment for asthma back then. Medical science didn't acknowledge it as an actual physical illness until the 1960s. From the 1930s to the 1950s in particular, it was seen as a psychological disorder brought on by stress or depression.
“It would also fix existing problems, too?” Tony asked instead of answering.
Yes, it was a good agreement all in all.
The moment the water made contact with his tongue was pure bliss, and Tony struggled to pace himself as he began to take harder pulls on the straw. It was so good until his empty stomach started to become too full with nothing but water. He’d already felt queasy from the pain medication they’d apparently been giving him, and this was just adding to it. At least his mouth felt better.
It hurt. Everything hurt. His veins still throbbed from whatever they’d injected him with. He could do little else but scream from the burning pain the syringe produced. Every time it happened, he’d think, this is it. There’s no way he’d survive this again, but he had been wrong because after what felt like an eternity later, they’d inject him again.
Bucky chuckled, but he knew that Tony could see the blush that accompanied it. He murmured, “You sweet talkin’ me?”
Tony could barely form an answer because Steve was practically
Bucky nodded.
They were in no hurry as hands slid over skin. Their mouth’s found the other’s most sensitive places, pulling gasps and moans from them. It was unrushed and left them feeling relaxed and exhausted by the time they were finished. Tony knew that the next three days would be spent in much the same way, just as he knew Bucky would be the focus of his and Steve’s ministrations.
*Tony’s POV*
“Pretty much.” Bucky agreed unconcernedly.
“We should celebrate.” Steve said as they broke apart. “Go out and do somethin’.”
So Bucky stayed with Steve and this group of people who had promised to help find and destroy the remnants of Hydra. He went on morning runs with Steve. He accompanied him to the VA and helped set up chairs and tables for the meetings. He went along with Steve’s suggestion that he should go through the list of modern movies, books and music that were written in Steve’s notebook.
“Height and muscles and lackey assholes to do your bidding. Steve doesn’t have any of that but he’s still worth ten of you on his worst day.”
Tony looked into Steve’s eyes and watched the look that passed over Steve’s face as he’d said that. His features held defiance and challenge, but Tony knew it was being used to cover a lot of the pain caused by Bucky’s absence and fear of being left behind. Tony knows because he’d felt the same pain and fear these past few days. He knew what Steve was asking without him having to actually say it. He knew what Steve wanted, what he needed.
“I want you know,” Tony told her, “that as a neighbor and friend, I’m here to help if ever you need it. I know this must have been a shock for you.”
“Ah, I see the good sergeant has woken,” a man in British uniform said quietly where he sat beside Gabe. Bucky had the feeling that the man would have been soft-spoken regardless of the need. “I’m glad you seem to have recovered. Your men were quite worried for your wellbeing.”
Tony met his eyes, then Bucky’s. “Of course, I do.” He answered truthfully, appropriate timing or not, he refused to take it back. He wanted this too much. “I am head over heels, hopelessly in love with both of you. Even when I thought there wasn’t a chance in hell for any of this, I fell for you.”
Bucky was grinning ear to ear. “She sounds perfect for you, Stevie, and she’s an artist! You can’t say you won’t have anything to talk about.”
Maybe this was all in his head, and his body was lying on the Sanctum’s floor at this very moment. Strange would return and put this right.
“There’s this lovely young nurse at the hospital that I’ve spoken with a few times.” Tony explained while smiling. “And guess what? She is also taking art classes on her days off. She likes using pastels and doing landscapes. So I told her about my younger, blonde haired, blue eyed roommate who is an extremely talented artist. She wanted to meet you.”
Tony promised himself that if he ever made it back to his time, he would buy that exact car,
Once they were finally in arms reach, Bucky dropped his duffle bag and pulled them both into a hug and squeezed. “God, I missed you both so much,” he murmured between them. Tony and Steve squeezed him back before reluctantly pulling away.
Tony reached a hand around to fondle Bucky’s balls, pulling another moan from him.
Steve cupped his cheek to look in his eyes. “You want his fingers, want him to fuck you, Buck?”
“Screw the damn condom, I’m sick of them,” Tony said heatedly.
“People have tried to kill me more times than I can count, Buck. It’s gonna take more than a knife.” Steve said as if reading his mind. “Besides, I don’t believe you could really do that to me.”
“Fuckin’ Nazis,” Morita hissed as Dernier began a string of curses in French that Tony heartily approved of.
Steve’s heart was beating faster as he pictured what he was saying. Each image just made him more sure he wanted it. “I don’t want what Bucky wants. I don’t want to feel like I’m sweet and precious. I want…”
“I like pleasure.” He said simply. “I’ve enjoyed many roles for sex but don’t really identify as one over the other. My main goal is to feel good and make the person I’m with feel good. I’m one of the most fluid people I’ve met. I’ve bottomed, topped, been a daddy, been an owner, among other things. I’ve even been a sadist for a longer term partner with masochistic preferences, and I enjoyed it all.” He’d even been a little surprised by how much he liked delivering pain to someone.
Tony took his hand and softly kissed the back of it. “Sounds like a date, beautiful.”
Tony listened to their spoken thoughts. They were only half listening to each other. He figured they were just trying to process what they were feeling by saying it aloud.
“Clint,” Natasha’s voice cut through his rambling. “None of this is our business. We have a friend and teammate who is still missing. That is what we should be focusing on.” Her voice softened as she turned to Bucky. “We’ll get him back, Bucky. One way or the other, we will not stop until he is home. Don’t worry about him not loving you. Stark can be a lot of things, but he isn’t stupid, and only an idiot would throw away what you clearly had in the past.”
“Howard Stark,” Tony told them. “He’s high profile, and everyone knows his name. It’s for his security and mine.”
“Fuck, your skin is so hot now, Steve,” Tony groaned as he finally came to rest against him. “I’m so, so full.”
Yes! Tony thought. That’s exactly how it was, like he was being pulled back to the speed of everyone else. It was equally infuriating and exhausting sometimes. The unexpected empathy left his voice thicker than it should be. “No one’s ever tried to see it from my point of view. They just think I’m an asshole.”
“No, I mean yes,” Steve said quickly, “Of course I enjoyed it. I loved everything, but I was just wondering…” Steve took a deep breath and released it. “He took really good care of you, and you seemed to like it, and I wondered…”
“And who’s fault is that?” Tony asked sarcastically.
Right now, though, Tony looked frustrated and restless. He sat beside Steve and made a show of going over the itinerary for the next two days. He was wearing his glasses again. Steve had first seen them a year ago, but Tony had never really worn them. Then, Steve had seen him wearing them sometimes as he worked on his gauntlet. Now, Tony hadn’t taken them off since they’d stepped foot in Europe.
as she started rocking back and forth.”
He kept repeating that thought, willing himself to believe that there was something for him to do in this hopeless situation. If he did that enough times, maybe he could finally believe it. Maybe he could believe that he wouldn’t lose them both. It was still repeating in his head when he finally closed his eyes and slowly let sleep claim him.
Steve walked past and asked, “Anybody else? We’re looking for Sergeant James Barnes.”
Steve lost the ability to care when Tony added his hand to the base and swallowed him as far as he could. His lover moved agonizingly slow up and down his length, sucking hard every time he got to the head which Steve knew had to be leaking steadily by now. His eyes squeezed shut as he felt Tony’s other hand move up to fondle his sac, and Steve knew he was in trouble. If he didn’t get the other man to stop, Steve was going to embarrass himself.
“So close,” Steve panted. “So close, love. You gonna swallow me down?”
He watched as Steve moved to the refrigerator and pulled out the carton of orange juice. He set it on the counter before grabbing two glasses from a cabinet. Tony sipped his coffee and did
Steve ignored him and concentrated on the images in his mind. “He lied to us.”
So he hungrily swallowed around Tony’s fingers, moving his tongue against them and enjoying the slight scratching of nails along the back of his throat. His eyes watered as Tony pushed his fingers deeper, his heavy body still caging Steve and reminding him that he was trapped and under Tony’s control.
As bad as their last altercation had been, it had also been a turning pointing for Tony and Howard. Whether it was Tony’s not so subtle threat or the colonel’s more straight forward one, the two of them had met the following morning and moved forward with their work. They didn’t mention the events of the previous night, or the fact that Howard looked like stomped on dog shit after working all night to check and correct everything for their test that morning.
“I shall leave you to decide on your dinner.” Francesco said as he began to back away. “Gianetta will be in shortly to take your orders, but please, call if you need anything.”
Tony choked
“I get why Steve hates bullies so damn much. You’re pathetic. Beating on someone half your size just because you can, so you can feel powerful.” Tony’s grip tightened. “Do you feel powerful now?”
Tony looked at him kindly before shaking his head. “You’ve shared space long enough. You deserve some time to yourselves. If you want to bunk together, that’s your business, but at least I know you’ll have the option.”
“Sorry.” He said again, hiding his face in his hands, because what else could he say? Steve was supposed to be resting, not dealing with Tony’s mental problems.
, the voice in his mind told him, for once being kind.
Bucky continued, “He really fought his way through that factory? That must have been somethin’ to see.”
Tony hugged him tightly. “Of course I was patient, sweetheart. I’d wait forever for you.”
“Steve!” He distantly heard beside him and realized it was Bucky. He couldn’t even enjoy the concern he heard in his friend’s voice because the phantom voices in his mind were growing louder. He recognized them all, but they shouldn’t be there together. Those voices were long past him, and Tony was…
The days passed. One week, then two. Bucky and Steve still sang his praises every time they finished a hot shower or had a meal that wasn’t accompanied by flickering overhead lighting or listened to the radio without it cutting to static. He’d also built a vacuum cleaner from parts he’d collected. Bye-bye shitty straw broom, hello quick and easy cleaning. It was better for Steve's asthma, too.
“The asshole who lives next door?” Tony asked, wondering just how much he was gonna have to kick the guys ass.
“Please, don’t punish me. I can alright.” It begged in a broken whisper. “I can learn alright for the maintenance.”
Tony wanted to go over and hold him, but his lap was filled by his other precious boy. Instead, he reached across the table, Bucky’s hand quickly went out to meet his own, and he laced their fingers together.
Tony acted so fast it was over in moments. His left hand grabbed the arm that was still grasping at his hand on Joe's throat. He stretched it out all the way out to the side and whipped his right hand palm out to strike the center of the forearm as he pulled the limb towards him. The crack was loud in the space around them. Tony dropped the arm as his hands flew back to restrain Joe, one on his throat and the other over his mouth to silence his yell.
Tony dropped all pretense, “Please, Steve. I can’t get it out of my head. I’ve dreamt about it three nights in a row now. The first two nights I was just eating the pie. Last night, well, you probably don’t want to know. I’m pretty sure the pie was a minor even if it was consensual.”
“You know…?” Erskine shook his head, “Of course, you know. But why?”
“Tony, please, or I’ll be calling you Miss Selby all evening.”
Tony exhaled and looked at their joined hands. What he was really seeing, Steve couldn’t guess. “I know. Of course, I know.”
Steve chuckled. “You could try, but we both know that man has us wrapped around his fingers.”
“I believe he was going to offer me aid, or information or whatever. He mentioned something about a threat.” Tony tried to pacify her through his indignation of being thought of as useless.
“We love you too, honey.” Bucky reaffirmed as he wiped at the fresh tears. “And I don’t plan on dyin’ over there. One way or another, I’ll make it back to you.”
“It was a hell of a secret,” Tony chuckled. “One that would have definitely cost him his marriage and good health.  He’d have been lucky if Mr. Ryan didn’t kill him.”
Then he turned to Steve and answered his question more seriously. “And I chose this private room because I wanted you to myself without having to keep up the constant pretense that we are only friends. It’s not just because it’s fancier.”
“Please, come back to us.”
“Done,” was all that Bucky said as he tucked the end of the linen into place. Tony just closed his eyes and sighed as he laid back down on his pillow.
As they moved over the scorched earth, that now familiar burnt flesh smell hit his nose again. The rain had lessened the scent but couldn’t erase it completely. It was easy to tell who had died from the explosions, and who had fallen under Bucky’s aim. His drill sergeant from army training had been right. He made one hell of a sniper.
“It’s understandable,” Bruce said in that compassionate way of his. “With how you must have had to hide your relationship, and everything that has happened since then, it’s perfectly reasonable that you kept this private.”
? Huh, Stevie?”
In the moonlight he could see Steve studying his face before he smiled. “Let’s go get him, then.”
“JARVIS, get rid of the music and turn off everything making noise.”
“Don’t you call me a little shit on a regular basis?” Steve asked as he raised an eyebrow. “How can you act surprised that I would use this to my advantage?”
James and Steve exchanged a look then nodded.
They walked to the edge of the dancefloor just as another song began. Tony and Louise both started moving as Mildred Bailey’s
(See the end of the chapter for
Oh, no pressure there then, Tony thought but didn’t say. Stupid Mrs. O’Grady and her mince pie suggestion.
“Fuck you, Barton, I don’t have cooties, and if you can stick your tongue in Wilson’s ass, you can drink out of a recently used novelty mug.”
Once or twice he’d even thought of enlisting, but he’s pretty sure that wouldn’t have gone over well with either of the men. They weren’t at war yet, and Bucky didn’t particularly want to be a soldier, so he knew that Steve and Tony would just see it as him being desperate for a paycheck.
Steve sighed as his body melted against Tony. “I love you, too. Tonight was incredible, and I couldn’t stand the thought that I’d let you down somehow.”
“Well, yeah,” Steve said as if it was an obvious thing to do, “You can’t have a pastrami on rye without mustard and still call yourself a New Yorker.”
“What? My first impulse would have been to dump him in the river, but I figured he’d probably die from that. Stripped naked on a street somewhere is a good compromise!”
“Tony, you’re alright.” “It’s us.” “You’re safe.”
They should have found safety by now. The men they’d lost in the last…god, he didn’t even know how many days…should still be here, alive, recovering in an army hospital. They’d been discovered again a few days back as they’d tried to reach allied territory. The only problem was that it was no longer allied territory when they’d crossed into it. They’d been trapped on both sides.
“Tony, you didn’t have to take us anywhere.” Steve said. “We woulda been happy just stayin’ in and making dinner.”
Tony happily returned them, letting the comfort of having one of his loves in his arms calm him. When he finally pulled back, he said, “Not that I’m complaining, but what’s with the big welcome?”
“You look so perfect beneath us,” Steve told him. “Your skin is flushed and gorgeous, love. Is your Daddy holding that cock of yours nice and tight? Does he feel good inside you?”
Tony wasn’t a praying man, but the words still somehow gave him a small amount of comfort. It contained a good lesson, that was for sure. He would try to remind himself of that lesson as often as he needed to. It was time for him to really start getting his shit together and stop pretending. He was better than this. He
“Good,” Bruce said, looking relieved. “I’m glad it’s not still causing you pain. Is it the same for you, James?”
“What kind of consequence?” He asked uncertainly.
“Your so tight, Tony.” Steve said as he pulled the finger back. “I’m gonna enjoy stretching you out.” He pushed back in again a little harder, and Tony moaned around Bucky. All he could do was feel what was happening and try to breathe when Bucky let him.
Bucky nodded, relieved and excited. “Yes, Daddy.”
“A friendly chat?!” Steve asked incredulously as he pulled back. “After what he told us? We were scared you went over there to kill him!”
When Tony commented on it, and asked what they usually did during the winter months, Bucky looked away, nervous and uncomfortable.
. Bucky’s voice was like liquid sex pouring into Tony’s veins and making his heart race even faster.
Most of his vehicles were sleek and new. This thing roared with power, not inherently flashy but still demanding attention. Well, if he had to sit in traffic, he may as well look cool doing it. Pepper said he was having a midlife crisis. Tony hoped that wasn’t true because that would be his fourth one according to her.
Steve laughed. “No one’s ever offered me world peace before.”
“Where you off to today, Tony?” James asked as he stood and grabbed his lunch from the table (Two boiled eggs, slice of bread and an apple). “You said earlier you had a plan.”
As Tony walked the now familiar street home to their apartment, he kept replaying the previous night in his mind. It was a great start to the new year, 1940. He’d had fun dancing with his date. Steve had finally had a successful date and had even gotten to second base! He’d finally found out just where the two men stood on homosexuality and was pleased to find them not only tolerant but a little
Steve smiled for the first time since Tony had woken up when he heard this. “That’s true. He’s almost home. Oh God,” Steve said as his eyes went wide, “I have to go call the base and let him know. I called him when you were brought here, and he’s probably been worried sick this whole time.”
They were both crying. The sadness of what had been lost and taken was mixed with the relief of finally finding each other again. Bucky couldn’t even tell who was holding the other one up. Maybe they were both supporting each other, like they always had, like they always would. His Stevie, his doll, was in his arms again, and he remembered, not everything but enough. He didn’t have to be an asset or a dog or an almost person. He could try to be Bucky, a new Bucky. It was more hope than he’d ever let himself have. A hope that he had been too damaged to realize he should have had.
Steve just shook his head. “You really don’t have to…”
Bucky smiled at the memories of coming home to Steve, then later to Steve and Tony. “It was nice coming home to your cooking. Lunch wasn’t anything special most days, just a slice of bread and some boiled eggs with an apple if I was lucky. You made our apartment home.”
was so sensitive.
The next morning was much the same as the first but with little differences. Bucky cooked eggs and toast, but today also had bacon. And coffee. Tony had ground and pressed the beans himself with the ancient little device he’d found in a cupboard. It was pretty good.
“Likes of me?” Tony pointed to his chest, seemingly nonplussed.
“I miss him, Steve,” Bucky confessed with burning eyes, feeling both weak and strong by saying it. “I’m glad you’re with me, and I love you, but I miss him so much.”
“Never met anyone like him, that’s for sure,” Morita said. “What’s he do? I mean before coming here with the Captain? He said he’s an engineer now, but he also knows weapons tech?”
“Now that I think about it, Jones, you got any sisters?” Dum asked.
Tony didn’t understand. “But you…you and Steve are together. You shouldn’t…”
Because this, what he was feeling, was priceless.
That had been a surprise early on when Tony realized what a sassy shit Steve Rogers really is. It wasn’t endearing, really it wasn’t. Nope.
Steve’s face was pale as a sheet, and he looked like he hadn’t slept in days. When he noticed that Tony was awake and watching him, his tired face turned angry, and he glared at Tony with tear-filled eyes. “You fuckin’ jerk, Tony.” Steve choked, “You scared me to death.”
Steve had worked out a similar arrangement with Lucille, the hospital receptionist he had seen for New Years. She had readily agreed when she’d learned that he was also in a hidden inverted relationship. She’d even suggested that Bucky do the same with one of her lovers, so Bucky was now courting the girl he’d danced all night with and was enjoying it immensely.
“They told me it would help with the war effort.” Steve answered uncertainly, and Tony really wanted to give him a hug.
Rogers had known that too when he’d shown up with his scary sidekicks. Romanoff was still the subject of debate in some parts of D.C and Capitol Hill. But Tony had that covered.
“Steve, I need you to jump over that gap.” Tony said as he finished and put his hands on to Steve’s shoulders, looking into his eyes. “I need you to jump over there, take this rope and secure it as tightly as you can to the railing. I’ll have the other end.”
Tony made a choked sound around Bucky even as he tried to shake his head to disagree with Steve.
Tony’s thighs came to rest against his ass, and Steve felt his lover’s hands tighten on his hips. Tony didn’t wait long before his cock began to pull out. The moment the head tugged on Steve’s opening, Tony pushed back in a little harder than before. Steve groaned.
“As you’ve pointed out, I’ve already got a Stark, who also happens to have a real birth certificate to prove it.” He held up his hand to stop Tony’s argument. “I already said that I don’t care. This is the middle of a war, and I’ve got bigger things to worry about than your alleged criminal activities. You helped save the lives of hundreds of my men.”
