Ray looks around, breathing heavily but cautiously relieved. “Everything’s okay? I thought I heard a gunshot.”
“Yeah, well, it turns out there’s a difference between knowing something and actually being told it. I am sorry for how I treated you. I didn’t do right by you, and there’s a bunch of reasons I could give that explain why, but you already know all that, and it doesn’t make it better. You didn’t deserve the shit I put you through, and if I could take it back I would. But I’m proud of you Jack, I hope you know that.”
“I’m sorry. In my defense—“
“He’s uhh… he’s needed in Heaven for the time being. It’s gonna take us a bit to be on the same mortal plane again.”
Dean’s not stupid, okay? He knows that his relationship with Cas is… unique. Demons and angels alike are always quick to point out how devoted to Dean Cas is, and he’s received enough knowing glances from Sam to guess his thoughts on the subject. What would be helpful is if
“You tried it,” Rose grins condescendingly. “Unfortunately for you, I finished my business, so when you killed me I became a reaper. Same with the boys here. I’m guessing yours is still unfinished?”
“Hi Carlos,” she murmurs serenely. Julie practically vaults over the piano bench to hug her, which elicits a relieved laugh from Rose.
He elbows Sam which only makes him snicker more. “Uh, yeah that’d be me. He said you called, is it ready to go?”
“Most likely,” Dean confirms.
“Maybe we just missed it.”
It wasn’t the very first thing he did when Cas showed up again two weeks after they defeated God, but it was pretty damn close. No, the
“I have a name, you know.”
know if you really think that.” Dean lifts Cas’s chin to face him, hand cupping his jaw. “So let me be crystal fucking clear: I love you too. All those devastatingly kind things you said about me? Ditto. You are hands-down the best thing that’s ever happened to me and if you really thought you couldn’t have all this then you do not know me as well as you think you do.”
he’d said what feels like ages ago.
what he wants.”
He chuckles and pulls out his laptop, which thankfully still has a disk drive. “Fiiine. Okay, let’s see what we got.”
“Right?! Who does that?” Julien goes right back into telling the story, completely unfazed by the fact they were just swapping spit two seconds ago. Dean nods along and smiles at what he assumes are the right points but his brain is already into overdrive processing his first kiss with a boy, and how not disgusted he was by the feeling, demonstration notwithstanding. When they part as it starts to get dark, Julien off to his house and Dean to the motel, a small part of him wonders what he would do if Julien tried to kiss him goodnight. He shuts that part down quick and puts up his hood, walking the opposite direction.
“Oh yeah, especially when our drummer obliterated that solo!” The guitarist bumped the drummer’s shoulder jovially but the guy must not have been balanced on the stool correctly because he crashed into Dean with a wail.
Dean takes the opportunity to lunge at Caleb, but he halts him with a bored flick of his wrist.
“Lucifer??” Julie whispers to Flynn in alarm.
,” Sam counters loudly. “Thirty-seven seconds, Dean, you once stared at each other not blinking or talking for
“Okay. So as most of you know, I used to work at the Orpheum, which is how I met Sunset Curve. Sorry you guys died, by the way, that was such an unfair way to go.” The ghosts acknowledge her silently. “Anyway, between that and my time with the Petal Pushers—that was my band—I got to know the club circuit pretty well, and when Trevor hit it big I met some of the people higher up in the industry. That’s how I heard about Caleb and the Hollywood Ghost Club. Trevor had been invited to join but I don’t think he understood at the time.”
Sam asks how he’s dealing with it over pie but he can’t go there. He says what needs to be said because it’s true; the best way to honor him is to keep living. Something deep within him begs him to tell Sam everything, now that it’s over, but he can’t, not yet. Probably not ever. He doesn’t even know how to begin talking about it, especially when it will inevitably raise questions he never had time to answer for himself let alone those whose opinions matter most to him. He looks over at Sam and knows his unbelievably amazing brother will give him all the time he needs. And anyway some things don’t need to be said.
“For what?”
The hopefulness and joy Cas was projecting abruptly halt at Dean’s last point. He reluctantly lets Dean go. “I think this may be my last visit to Earth for quite some time.”
Reggie picks at a note on his bass then stands there in thought. “Well, nothing, we couldn’t see anything except each other.”
“Well I don’t, could you at least fill me in?”
“Wait,” Julie cuts in. “If Caleb’s the only thing keeping them around, then what happens to them if we figure out how to take him down?”
This girl in his English class had asked him out to a concert featuring four former students at their school (dropouts, not graduates, which was a plan Dean was starting to get behind). Never one to turn down a pretty girl, he drove her out to the venue and made it about forty-five minutes into the date before she got dragged out of the place by her father. Not to be discouraged, he decided to make a night of it since he was there; after all, there was a pool table in the corner, a bar that served minors, and plenty more beautiful people for Dean to ogle. The band he was theoretically there to see was actually pretty good considering. The guys were talented and had stage presence, and the songs were catchy. (And now that he’s thinking about it all these years later, he’s fairly sure he’s heard some of those songs on the radio since then under a different name.)
“Honestly I’m surprised he hasn’t already.”
“Oh, hey!” she calls, startled into action. She jumps up from the couch as the boy shoots daggers at him with his eyes.
While it’s adorable watching Alex react to and paraphrase everything Willie says, the skater can only tell them so much. He has vague recollections of a reaper but nothing like the Empty. He’s been dead since the 80s and under Caleb’s thumb for about as long; Caleb keeps them all lucid and content but they are obligated to do his bidding. He has yet to hear of a ghost in the area who hasn’t been either eliminated by hunters or taken in by Caleb. Apparently the magician’s also taken a page from the crossroad demon playbook, trading ‘lifers’ the chance to party like it’s 1929 until it’s their turn to join his ghost crew. He hasn’t been seen for a few days but Willie’s not exactly keen to stick around long enough to find out how pissed Caleb is about losing his new minions.
“So where does that leave us,” asks Ray.
He smiles at the hope shining in Cas’s eyes and he knows in his heart this is the face he wants to see for the rest of time. “You heard me. If you still want me, I’m right here.”
Trevor looks down, defeated. “Right.”
Reggie’s the first to break the silence. “That’s… not how I expected that to go.”
“Yeah, okay,” he grumbles, trying not very successfully to hide a smile. Weddings, it turns out, can get expensive very quickly. He automatically sprung for a new suit for Cas because the man practically lived in Jimmy’s for about a decade and it’s time for an upgrade, not that the former angel has strong opinions about fashion. But he doesn’t really see the point in spending money on two suits unless they can wear them more than once. “But nothing too fancy, alright?”
“Oh yeah, forgot about them, though without Billie they might be off-duty. Violet? Jessica? You around here somewhere?”
“Sorry,” Jack responds, but less apologetically than he would have before. It’s then Dean remembers he’s talking to a deity, because the power sits well in the set of Jack’s shoulders and while he still openly craves Dean’s approval, he’s no longer setting his entire stock in it. Good for him. “We were dealing with other issues, and it wouldn’t have mattered much whether you knew or not.”
“You’re welcome,” he bows obnoxiously. His work here is done. “Now can we change the channel to something a little less Lifetime? There’s only so much slumber party talk I can stomach in one day.”
here where ghosts just kind of hang around and do whatever.”
“Wait really?”
Baby, keep both eyes on the road
“That’s not what I’m saying. Obviously you guys need to iron out how he should make up for what he did, if he even can. But you were friends once, and I think underneath all that pain, what you really want is to be reunited with your friend.”
“Oh, so he
Dean had experienced a lot of death in his life. Some of those he’d lost had even been former flings, but that didn’t make this pain any easier. The boys were in that awkward space where they weren’t close enough for grieving them to make sense, but not strangers enough to just accept it and move on kinda sad. The unfairness of it all got to him too; of all the things to take them out on the night of what was supposed to be their biggest triumph? It wasn’t fair.
Luke pats Reggie’s shoulder patronizingly. “Pretty sure it’s what it says on the tin, bud.”
Dean shakes his head and puts a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Sam, I will never not be happy for you two. Okay?”
“Yeah either she’s really good at hiding or she’s gone.”
“Hey,” Dean counters. “At least I was right about this being a case.”
“Oh, yeah, sorry about them, they mean well but ever since I came out to them they’ve been trying to set me up with every guy in the metropolitan area, which as you can imagine isn’t exactly the most effective strategy outside of a gay bar.”
“And I mean it, if you run into any fate-of-the-world problems, Sam and I are your guys.”
“I love you.”
Dean presses into his eye sockets with his fingers. “Yes, haunting the guy you blame for stealing your glory counts.”
Ray puts his hand on her shoulder, but she shrugs it off and runs out of the studio as he calls after her. Carlos takes the offered comfort instead while Flynn goes after her.
After Jack poofs out, Sam stops him before they go back in with the others. “If he doesn’t show, you’re not actually gonna…?”
Reggie looks at Luke. “Do we have a song called ‘Backstabbing Traitor’?”
“What, you wanna sing ‘em a showtune, Snow White?”
“Exactly,” Sam smiles proudly. “What if what we call ghosts are just the ghosts who don’t make it? We only have reason to hunt those ones because they’re harming people, but if the guys really are just ghosts, then we don’t actually know all that much about ghosts that don’t become obsessed.”
“But what do we really know about that place, I mean until Cas no one had ever left as far as anyone knows. The only lore to speak of is the stuff we’ve already lived.”
Dean leans his head against the side of the garage. “Great. How short we talking, double-digits? Single?”
“Iron doesn’t work either!”
When he looks up, Alex fixes him with a knowing, sad smile. Guess he really is that transparent. He takes pity on Dean and gets the conversation rolling. “So this whole time you and your family were ghost hunters.”
Julien’s still smiling like he didn’t just offer to kiss Dean. He swallows nervously. “Show me?”
He turns to his brother. “What do you want me to do, Sam, huh? Just enjoy retirement or whatever? The universe is saved and everything’s back to normal and all of us get a happy fucking ending except me? Because the only person that can’t just wink back into existence is…” He takes a deep breath. “Look, we’re free now, right? Free to choose whatever the hell we want to do with our lives? I choose this. I choose him.” He somehow manages to say this with confidence and finality instead of the nervous humiliation coursing through him for saying out loud something he’s been frantically running from ever since he first saw an angel in a trench coat. “Either we both live, or we both die, okay? I just… I have to do this Sam, you know I have to do this. I couldn’t live with myself if I didn’t at least try.”
“How tragic,” Alex deadpans.
“Fuck if I know.” Dean directs his attention back to the call. “Look, I think at this point it’s pretty clear there’s something more going on here, so we’re gonna have to go back to the drawing board on this one. Sam and I are gonna fill this back in and then we’ll be over. Julie, now might be a good time to clue your dad in.”
He can hear almost perfectly in his head the way Alex would say what he writes in response.
“I’m sorry.” Cas releases him trying to create distance between them but Dean’s not letting him go that easily. He just pulls Cas back into him and rests his head on his shoulder. He’s not good with words, but actions he can do. Cas settles back into the embrace, cautiously placing his hand on the back of Dean’s head.
, he can almost hear Marie emphatically whining. Damn it, how is that musical still bothering him a month later? Besides, can it even be considered subtext if Chuck’s prophesying things as they happen? Wouldn’t that just make it—
The last thing he’s conscious of is Castiel smiling at him in disbelief. “I love you too.”
“He’s right,” a voice says behind him. They turn to face the Shadow, wearing Meg’s face again. “That won’t do anything, seeing as he already has a vessel with him and he still can’t leave.” It moves closer to them and Dean instinctively closes the gap between him and Cas, their sides pressed together. “Now, I don’t know how the actual fuck a human got in here, though I expect Jack has something to do with this.”
“I just don’t think a ghost would be that reckless, or that powerful, let alone three.”
“Yeah,” Flynn concurs with Alex. “I mean don’t get me wrong, I can’t stand her, but this just felt mean.”
The split-second look on her face says she would be popping Julie’s head like a balloon if given a safety pin and two minutes alone, but she schools that expression at the sight of Ray. “Julieeee,” she fawns with a saccharine expression, pulling her into what could technically pass for a hug. “Hi Uncle Ray,” she continues a little more genuinely as Ray pulls her in. She moves on to hug her dad, who plants a kiss on her forehead. “What’s this little party about?”
“Are you sure this is how you wanna play it?” Sam gets out of the vehicle after Dean and they adjust their suits in the side mirrors. “If she knows we know they’re dead she might clam up.”
“So get this,” Sam prattles on, moving on to a YouTube video he has pulled up. “This girl in California is going viral for her state-of-the-art hologram band.” He presses play and Dean sees some high schooler playing piano by herself in what he’s pretty sure is just her driveway. “No one can figure out how she does it, I mean the graphics are phenomenal and the interactions between her and the band are seamless.”
“Good.” Dean takes the angel back into his arms—no more time to waste. “In that case I’m gonna kiss you again, while I still can.”
“Yeah, man,” Dean jokes, “your room is prime real estate.”
The morning effectively turns into a send-off for the Winchesters and for Rose, whose responsibilities will call her elsewhere. The boys too are taking a step back from the band, confident Julie can hold her own without them though they’ll still be dropping in from time to time. He pulls Alex aside while Willie and Sam are answering Carlos’s many questions.
“So I started by hiding out places, only interacting in small ways: a flower here, a clue there. Carlos and Victoria couldn’t see me either, which helped, and neither could you, Julie. I left the song for you on the piano bench, and that’s when you came in to clear out the studio, only for the boys to arrive. When I realized other ghosts were on their way I fled, knowing they’d be able to see me.”
“What?” Sam and Dean let out simultaneously.
to be during my shift...”
“Actually, we had some questions about the night they died. You weren’t there, correct?”
This time, it's heartbreaking
“Actually, looks like I’m staying here.”
“WE are going to Los Angeles. See if you can figure out where that house is, we need to have a little chat with this girl.”
Dean tried to get the convo back on track. “Well, I can think of a couple things.”
“I…” Dean hesitated, wishing he could give a different answer. “No, we uhhh, Dad says we leave next week.”
the same situation.”
“I need you.”
She turns to Julie. “What do you think?”
Centuries pass while they embrace, for all Dean knows. All he cares about is the warmth of Cas’s body pressed against his and the feel of that damn trenchcoat in his fingers. He plants a tentative kiss on his lips, one that quickly becomes a passionate stand-in for all the words they didn’t have time to say on Earth. And then they’re laughing, the euphoria and absurdity too much to contain.
Alex said his goodbyes while his friends gave Dean the shovel glare, and suddenly they were walking in the somehow always warm California air. Dean opened the door to his dad’s room, which was thankfully empty, but he could see Sam still awake in the other room. “Shit,” he whispered. “Stay here.” He moved into Sam’s line of sight and in his normal voice called, “Sammy, you still up?”
“Not easily, and I’d rather keep that in our back pocket for an emergency, assuming it’s even still possible.”
Every time he’s confronted with those damn
…Why is he waxing poetic like a heroine in something you’d find on a high school required reading list? The point is, even if there are places he
Alex laughed and shook his head. “
“Yep, born and raised.”
Luke spins his guitar around in frustration. “Well now what do we do?”
“What—Cas c’mon, man, we gotta go.” He grabs the angel’s hand but it’s yanked away forcefully.
“Can you guys see her,” Julie calls over to the ghosts, “is she here?!”
“Yeah,” Dean adds with a bite he can’t manage to keep out of his voice. “Fricking awesome news actually—it just occurred to you now to give us a heads up?”
“Stop that,” Sam whines, swatting at his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
After Castiel made his deal with the Shadow for Jack’s life, a small part of him simultaneously hoped and feared that against all odds Dean could love him back, that maybe someday when this was all over… But the rest of him knew it would backfire on the Shadow because Castiel would never get to be happy. There was a time when perhaps he and Dean could have had something, but it became clear the moment they found out about Mary that he would never get to be with Dean the way he wanted. What he didn’t quite realize until just now was that even their friendship could not survive her death; when Dean says you’re dead to him, nothing will ever break that grudge. Even if he hadn’t smitten Belphegor they would still be standing here. Dean would still refuse to look at him except with that piercing glare of unbridled rage and Cas would still be wishing things were different. There’s nothing for him here, not anymore.
Dean shifts awkwardly on his feet. “Is he… are the guys still here?”
, holy crap are they literally made of platinum? “Seriously?! Well damn, Dean, is there anyone in this band you
“Dean, look at this.” Sam hands him the note. In neat handwriting it says
“I’d like that very much,” Cas smiles.
“Maybe.” Sam examines his ID and groans. “Really?”
“Who is it?”
She places a hand on his shoulder, which causes him to freeze up instinctively, but if Death wanted to claim him now, she would have. “Go home, Dean. Live your life while you can. And when the time comes, it will be an honor to reap you.”
“Uhhh, hi?”
“I… I don’t know anything about that,” she hedges. “I just play with them. Also aren’t they like 17? We weren’t even born yet.”
“Sure, I’ll track it down when we get to the house.”
“Yeah…” Alex says with suspicion. “You said that like you know where we were.”
Jack holds up a hand. “It’s okay Dean, I know.”
“I can’t go with you. You have to get out before it’s too late.”
Dean finally recovers the ability to speak. “Uhhh, because you’re in the wind and the sun and so on? I figured that was you dipping on us.”
“Whoa, tell me how you really feel, dude. And I’ll have you know at least 20% of that is now alcohol, so know your facts.”
Sam coughs pointedly. “Sam,” Cas greets with an apologetic smile. “How are you?”
“Jack?”
Sam snorts, absently watching Trevor and Carrie. “Hey, you’re the expert, is it just me or does he look a little like Dr. Sexy from this angle?”
Dean shakes his head with a huff. “You must be the luckiest son of a bitch I’ve ever met.”
“A powerful one, but now that our business is complete, even if he kills us we can take him down. Whereas if he dies—”
“I love you too,” he chuckles. He finally becomes aware of the other people in the room when their woops and catcalls become too obnoxious to miss. “Yeah yeah, fuck off,” he drawls without heat, finding it easier and easier not to care about how blatantly in love with Cas he is in front of his family. It’s his damn story now, and if he wants to be a sappy queer in this one, then that’s his prerogative.
Dean concedes the point with a tilt of his head, and Castiel has had his fill of Dean’s obdurate silence. If he was waiting for Dean to contradict him, to assure him that things weren’t as bad as all this, he need wait no longer. Dean has said to him all he’s going to, probably for the rest of his life if he gets his way. And closing the chapter on Dean Winchester for good, so has Castiel. “Well I don’t think there’s anything left to say.”
Julie looks around the studio frantically hoping to catch a glimpse of her mom’s ghost. Carlos takes the note from her hand and reads it, Ray over his shoulder.
Trevor and Julie seem equally alarmed by this development, though Dean can’t guess why. Before either of them can react, a girl Julie’s age walks in and startles to see so many people in her home.
Trevor takes her hands into his swallows. “I didn’t write most of my songs. Luke did. I just recorded them after they all died.”
I'm afraid I couldn't wait for you
Dean almost feels bad with how nervous Julie’s getting, though she’s bravely trying to seem calm. This would be so much easier if they could all drop the pretense that none of them know about ghosts. “We… rehearse in the same studio. Our sounds complement each other so we decided to work together.”
“Sure,
He found the cemetery where they were all buried and paid his respects, not knowing how else to process the empty longing for someone he barely even knew and now never would again. He sat propped up against the back of Alex’s tombstone and whispered “hey”. He really hoped he wasn’t actually listening, because then he’d have to torch his bones and he wasn’t emotionally prepared to do that. Still, it felt better than saying nothing. He allowed himself a couple minutes to visit and sit with his thoughts, then he dusted off his jeans and went back to work.
Sam steps forward decisively. “Yeah, so it seems like what we suspected, these aren’t your average ghosts, they’re being held in some suspended state of consciousness, which means we need to figure out where Caleb’s getting the power to do all this.”
“What?” She looks at him expectantly, and he remembers his impromptu concert. “NO, nope, window closed, that was a limited-time offer, sorry.”
“I think so.” Dean fixes his gaze on his brother, the boy he practically raised who became his closest ally and the only other person he trusts implicitly. He won’t leave today; he’ll at least give him and everyone else a chance to say goodbye, to say whatever needs said. And then he’s gonna get Cas back if he has to drag his ass here himself.
A right, a burnt-out streetlight, only halfway home
“Low blow, Sammy.”
with our emotions as you, but it’s not exactly something I’m comfortable talking about, alright? If I had my way, we would have just left this as an unspoken understanding.”
“Wait, your son?”
“Uhh, ‘Ghostfacers Meet Castiel’, obviously, it’s a classic.”
“What?”
Sam jumps in. “So you know their whereabouts?”
for no reason, thank you very much!”
“Is he a ghost too?”
“Hi there,” Dean leads with his charm turned up to 11. “I’m Agent Aday, this is my partner Agent Dion, we’re with the FBI.”
“Oh, right,” Jack remembers as Sam hugs him tightly. “That was the plan, but it’s recently been explained to me that there’s a difference between meddling in Earth affairs and visiting your uniquely interspecies family.”
“Oh they’ll for sure lord it over you til you die,” Dean agreed. “Though I guess that depends on how you define ‘working’.”
“Yeah, okay, get it out now.”
Dean pulls over outside the Molina residence and cuts the engine, but he doesn’t get out of the car. “Sam, I already had my shot at that. And it wasn’t very happy and it was pretty light on the ‘ever after’ if you know what I mean.”
Julie is now in a full-on panic, and Sam puts his hands out placatingly. “Julie, it’s okay, we don’t want to hurt them, and they’re not in trouble. We just want to know what’s going on.”
Ever defiant, Dean looks up at him harshly, but doesn’t hold his gaze long. All the signs Castiel has been ignoring come rushing back to him. This isn’t going to change with an apology, and they certainly can’t fix it by bringing Mary back, and nothing Cas says or does will ever make it right in Dean’s eyes. “My powers are failing and I’ve tried to talk to you, over and over, and you just don’t want to hear it.” A fact Dean confirms with a roll of his eyes. “You don’t care, I’m dead to you. You still blame me for Mary.”
“Mom, I’m half you. Do you really think if you leave me behind I won’t just sneak in anyway?”
Sam stares at him in bewilderment for several seconds. “Unbelievable.” He scoffs and leans back in his chair. “I’m fascinated to hear how I was supposed to interpret that if not as you coming out, especially when you were talking about dad ‘having a say in who you love’ or whatever. Like, what, is that not queer enough? Does it only count if you marry a guy or suck his dick?”
Alex followed his lead. “Okay.”
“Cas?” He calls into the Empty. “Cas!” Nothing happens. A lot of nothing. He closes his eyes and prays. “Castiel,” he murmurs. “I know this is a long shot but if you can hear me, I’m in the Empty and I’m here to bust you out. I don’t know how but I will find you, I promise. I just need you to wake up and tell me where you are, man.”
It only takes Julie an hour to slink out of the house and go running into the large detached garage. Dean and Sam get out of the car, Sam with his EMF reader and iron poker, Dean with his rock salt shotgun. They approach the garage door carefully and quietly peer in the windows. Julie is frantically shout-whispering at nothing, though they can’t quite make out what she’s saying. It’s clear she’s talking to someone though, even if the room looks completely empty. The conversation settles, but suddenly she cuts herself off and looks out the window in fear. Fuck. How did she know they were there?
“Shut up, there was a sale on stationery.”
“What, like monster hunters?”
“Yeah, I mean it’ll be a little complicated, what with him being a ghost and me being a reaper, but it could be worse.”
“Sorry.”
“Oh don’t
Ethel Merman
“Dean, don’t.” Cas grabs his shoulders and looks in his eyes. “You don’t have to do this.”
“What’s the plan? I’m thinking we should start with Jack. He brought him back last time, and that was before he was God.”
“Yeah… uhhhh, I was coming to see Julie to… congratulate her on her show at the Orpheum. I got to the door, but there was some guy behind me in like, these steampunk goggles? Next thing I know I’m here.”
“What do you mean?”
He knows what it feels like when his heart stops thanks to far too many first-hand experiences at the hands of the supernatural. His heart straight-up doesn’t beat for several excruciating seconds while he processes Jack’s words. Poor Sam has been watching this entire exchange first with exasperation then growing horror, and the look he gives Dean now levels him. After all the things Cas said to him last time they spoke, the only reason he wouldn’t want to talk to Dean now was if he realized he was wrong. “Oh.”
Dean glares at him. “I know you’re joking but Trevor Wilson actually moved on to acting after his solo career died out.”
Dean’s mouth tends to have a flirt-first, think-later policy, which gets him into trouble more often than not, especially when he’s not actually trying to flirt with someone. Like right then, for example: he
“I can do that.”
“Luke?” questions Dean with a raise of his eyebrows. “I thought he was with Reggie.”
“Hey Rose, everything squared away?”
“Dean, I—”
, you can and should chase it all the way up the chain until you defeat God himself if you have to in order to make the world at least a little less shitty, but that doesn’t change the fact we all gotta go eventually.”
“Okay but, I don’t remember being tortured, and we were only there for like an hour.”
Because of course it isn’t enough of a punishment to be repeatedly resurrected only for his love for Dean to be his undoing every time—now Cas has to die with the knowledge that after all that, he could have had what he wanted this whole time. Because Dean loves him. But the bitterness and the anger and the grief will hit him later; right now, his heart is full of love for someone who loves him back. He wasn’t alone, and he wasn’t making it up.
he was possessed. Kid likes you.”
When it ends, Dean sniffles despite himself and chokes out a “thank you”. Sam pats him gently on the back, which turns into an awkward side-hug, which somehow turns into a group hug complete with weird ghost-touching, but he’s trying not to complain too loudly. He wipes his eyes when the hug runs its course and clears his throat. “That was freaking awesome, seriously, thanks. Fuck you guys for roasting me ten ways from Sunday, but it’s catchy, I’ll give you that.”
“Oh? What did you have in mind?”
Julien shrugs. “To show that it doesn’t mean anything.”
“Okay…”
“I… ummm… I don’t really know what to say, I just thought I should—”
Dean heard through the school grapevine that Sunset Curve was performing again at a venue a little closer to the motel. Dad was still MIA, so he left Sam with his homework and headed out to catch the show, trying not to think too hard about why. What could he say, he liked their sound.
So be careful if you're wanting this touch
Of course, it’s not a name he’d ever dare say aloud, not yet anyway. But with this newfound clarity he can appreciate that Sam’s never seriously pressured him to label his thing with Cas, content to hold space for the difference between his own love for their best friend and the particularity of Dean’s relationship with the angel. He really does love that about Sam, how willing he’s been over the years to just roll with the admittedly obnoxious dynamic of him and Cas. And if the continued sting of Dean’s hesitation in the moment has taught him anything, it’s that he needs to start
They get to work.
Dean shrugs, conceding the point. “What’s next?”
“Yeah?”
“Usually I’d take life advice from Dean with a grain of salt,” Sam butts in, appearing by his side. “But that was remarkably healthy of you.”
, but I won’t. That’s not how free will works.”
“Our dad was chasing some demon up and down La Cienega while we finished out the school year.”
“Hey I’m not complaining,” Sam clarifies, hands up in surrender. “Seriously dude, it looks good on you. I just wasn’t expecting something so… y’know.”
“Yep, head reaper, collector of souls, fourth horse…person of the apocalypse. What do you say, Rose, you want the gig? Go big or go home, right?”
Dean could say anything, literally anything at this point, and Cas would stay. He hates that he’s so wrapped up in the man that his resolve could crumble with a word, but he knows it’s true, just like he knows it doesn’t matter because Dean isn’t going to ask him to stay. It really is over this time. Castiel walks out of the bunker and Dean lets him.
“Actually we don’t,” the lead singer rebutted. “Alex has been pretty tight-lipped about the whole thing.”
“Right. Of course.” She turns to Sam and Dean. “I assume you’re with the label, then?”
Dean can somehow feel the kid smiling into his shoulder, and it warms him in ways he can’t begin to describe. He’s not too keen on letting go, but there’s work to do, as evidenced by the overlapping cries behind them of “what the hell” and “who is that” and “oh so when
“I remember.”
“—and he doesn’t want to see you.”
She nods. “And if he hasn’t figured it out by now, it’s likely he can’t.”
Speaking of time… “Hey, umm, you wouldn’t happen to be able to tell me—”
have a crush on at some point?”
then hesitates before finishing the question with
The brothers reconvene with the band. “Okay,” Sam begins. “I think I have a working theory of what happened. Somehow, when you guys died, you got sent to the Empty.”
Just then they hear a commotion outside the door “JULIE! Julie are you okay? Was that a gun?!”
“Hey,” he whispers, placing a hand on his cheek. “I’m doing this, Cas. Let me do this for you.” He’s not sure which one of them moves in first, but it hardly matters. The press of Cas’s lips against his is the only thought occupying his mind as decades of fear and self-hatred melt away. Dean should have done this years ago. But it’s okay, because he has forever. He reluctantly pulls away from Cas and faces their son. “Alright, let’s do this.”
“Perhaps,” Luke admits, “but I mean death is relative. We’re reapers now. In the grand scheme of things, balance has been maintained.”
“Hell no. You’ve seen more development on that front in two days than Sam saw in a decade, you know enough.”
The Shadow cackles. “You have no leverage, I can just eject you.”
He points into the living room where Julie is sitting rather close with some random boy with shaggy hair. She’s smiling at him politely but looks very uncomfortable. “Ah,” Dean responds in mild relief. “We can take care of that.” Dean clears his throat pointedly. “Miss Molina.”
“Shut up,” he flushes. “We’ve actually been talking for a while, I just…”
But he can’t even wallow in the self-hatred anymore because apparently that’s ‘not who he is’, because Cas’s dying fucking wish, the thing that made him so happy it killed him, was Dean having even an ounce of self-worth, was Dean seeing himself as something other than a stubborn blight on humanity who just happens to also end apocalypses. Cas didn’t peg Dean’s value to his usefulness or his strength or his success in saving the world. Cas refused to be deterred by the worst depths of Dean’s imperfections; he knew every last one of Dean’s many failings and loved him anyway. Cas chose him time and time again until choice was forcibly taken from him.
The goal for today is to grill the boys again about anything useful, then send Alex off to find Willie, who seems to be a better source for ghostly information, or at the very least Caleb-related information. The boys also said something about marks Sam wants to get more clarification on. Meanwhile, Sam and Dean will be once again looking into the Empty, although most of their stuff on that is back in the bunker. Which Dean knows because he’s been not-so-secretly looking into a way there ever since the final showdown.
“Although,” Cas continues with a mischievous glint in his eye. “I don’t know why we’re talking about marriage when you haven’t even asked me yet.” Son of a bitch. Why did he ever think Cas would let him off that easily? But y’know what, that’s fine, if it’s a proposal he wants it’s a damn proposal he’s gonna get. Dean’s never backed down from a challenge before and he has no intention of starting now.
“Yeah! And the crowd was super into it,” the bassist added.
Trevor stops halfway between the foyer and a living space, though the open floor plan makes it tough to distinguish. “Exactly.”
“Okay.”
“I knew it! I
Sam smirks at that. “You think you can sit still for that long?”
“Oh, we’re ghosts,” Alex points out. “Sorry, we should have led with that. Big fan of Dirty Candy, by the way.”
to be better. My entire life I’ve had to be this tough-as-nails, ready-for-anything soldier, playing out whatever twisted plan my dad or Chuck or Michael orchestrated for us. I didn’t even know who I was outside of what’s been expected of me. And now, for the first time in my life, I can breathe, I can learn and unlearn who I am and what I want and explore all the parts of myself I was too scared or too busy surviving to think about. You did that. You made all of this possible.
“See you’d think that,” Julien counters excitedly, “but it was like she was trying to find a popcorn kernel in my teeth.”
“O…kay…” Dean responds. “You know in our line of work we’re not too keen on surprises, right?”
“True, but they’re reapers now, which is apparently a big deal. Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy for them. I just… I hoped we had more time together.”
faked his death again and is messing with us.”
It’s not every day a hunter gets roped into what’s essentially a class-action salt-and-burn. Willie is able to procure Caleb’s records of just how many souls were under his thumb; the contracts with the living are summarily cancelled and the rest are summoned to the ballroom. Sam is in the other room calling their international contacts because apparently Caleb had a whole
Julie’s eyes widen in judgement before moving on. “Anyway… I think Flynn’s right, but the only other ghosts we know of are under Caleb’s control. Willie’s probably our best bet but we have no idea what kind of hold Caleb has on him.”
She departs soon after that, and Sam comes up alongside him. “Sucks she’s Death,” Dean muses. “She seems pretty cool.”
“Awesome. Before that though, we need to find a way to keep them in line just in case.”
“Sam—”
The incongruity of this usually mild-mannered teen dropping the f-bomb draws a snort from Dean despite himself. “Fair enough. Though you could’ve just said some creepy dudes pretending to be feds were holding you hostage and made it our problem.”
“Alright, Ray, do you play?”
The reaper sighs deeply then replies in a monotone that suggests they’ve explained this far too many times before. “It’s a colloquialism. They’re called mome raths because when they enter the ghost-demon phase they kind of resemble raths that got lost and are cranky about it.” The reaper takes their baffled silence as the end of their line of questioning, not the frazzled beginning. “Is that all? Cool. Forget my name, please. Byeee!” Just as quickly as they appeared, they’re gone.
Rose pulls her daughter into another hug and kisses her hair. “Because for our plan to work, one or more of us is likely going to have to become a reaper.”
“Oh, fantastic,” Dean huffs, looking around as if that would help him. “You think Caleb knows that trick?”
“I thought you said he exploded!”
Dean closes his eyes in aggravation. “They’re not even here?”
“Lay it on us,” Dean urges, half-sitting on the armrest of the opposite chair.
“No, sorry.”
Cas meets his eyes again with his penetrating gaze, this time in awed hope. “You never said…”
“Dean you don’t have to—“
“Uhh no, Rose told me after the set.”
He looks over to Sam who shrugs in approval. If it weren’t for the fact that they already defeated Chuck, he might think this was a little too fated, but Chuck clearly had no intention of letting him and Cas be happy together so he’s pretty certain it’s just sheer dumb luck. “Alright, I can take a hint. How much?”
“Well then I guess we’ve got some work to do. For science.”
“Well, that was Dr. Sexy and this is Bobby, or Trevor I guess. Now that I know he’s just a guy I used to hang out with I think some of the allure has worn off.” Either that or the new… development in his love life has made all others pale in comparison, but that sounds a little too much like a romance novel for his taste. Although now that he thinks about it, it isn’t actually that new; when was the last time he seriously looked at someone else? Fuck, Cas has had him whipped for a
He snorts, because he can’t help but agree. Incredibly, it could have been worse. They sit in silence for several moments before Sam slaps the table once and stands up.
“I know, just one more cemetery and then we should be good for this first round. We can always come back later if we miss anyone.”
Dean glares at where he should be, unconvinced. “You, not question it? Mr. Anxiety? No offense man but ‘let it ride’ ain’t exactly your forte.”
Julie shakes her head. “No it’s fine… it’s actually making me feel even closer to her now, y’know?” Ray pulls her in and she rests her head on his shoulder. A moment later she suddenly sits back up. “Wait. There’s something else I just remembered that might be important.”
Cas looks down in frustration. “Dean, don’t—”
“That sounds like a fair deal,” Dean agreed, grabbing the remaining drink in his other hand.
The next morning, after his meeting with his contact, he went to the library and pulled out the microfiches from all the local newspapers in late June 1995. He found a couple articles that confirmed the bartenders’ story. Alex, Reggie, Luke—all of them were dead. He tried to find any information about Bobby but after the impromptu solo concert he didn’t seem to show up again.
“I’m fine, dad, just a mix-up.”
“What’d I just say?” Dean snaps fondly, muffled by Cas’s shoulder. “I’m getting there just, give me a minute.” They continue their silent embrace until Dean is sure about what he wants to say. He pulls back to face Cas but doesn’t remove his arms from the angel’s waist. “First of all, thank you. For saving me. Granted, I did get myself killed almost immediately after saving the world, but that’s life I guess.” Cas moves his lips as if to speak but thinks better of it. “Second of all, fuck you for dumping all that on me and then just casually fucking off to an eternity in super hell. Don’t you ever pull something like that again.”
“I know that’s how it worked under Chuck,” Sam concedes judiciously. “But as you just pointed out, he’s not God anymore, Jack is. And as he’s proven time and time again, Jack is much more worthy of the title, and he loves you too much to do something that cruel to you just because it makes a better story.”
“Yeah that tracks,” Trevor confirms with chagrin. “I don’t remember much of the late 90s.”
Luke perks up at that. “No… wait, that doesn’t make sense, how could we see each other if there was no light?”
go with this information, they are places he can never allow himself to go, because once he goes there, he can never come back. Most of the time it’s too dangerous even to acknowledge their existence. But that doesn’t mean they’re not there.
Sam has also been shifting somewhat nervously at the prospect of Caleb listening in. “And you’re sure about that now?”
“Thanks, Rose, for everything. And good luck with the scythe. I know you’ll wield it well.”
Never has Castiel looked more serene than in this moment. It’s breathtaking. “I do.” When he makes no attempt to move after his declaration, Dean removes his left hand from where theirs are clasped together and holds it out, mouthing ‘ring’. “Oh, yes, the ring.” He takes it from Rowena and smiles as he slides the cool metal down Dean’s finger.
“Yeah, it sucked,” admits Dean. “We—I… didn’t take it very well.” He ignores the bubbling memories, reminds himself that part of that was Chuck. “So, umm, sorry if we’re reopening some wounds by doing this.”
Right now though, he just wants him to shut the fuck up, as is the standard response to siblings and their antics.
“He looks exactly the same as the last time I saw him.” Now or never, Winchester. “Well,” he quips with false bravado, “except with a little more clothes on.”
“Stop it,” Cas growls.
“I’m happy for you too, Mr. Old Age—tell me more about this namesake of mine!”
“What happened to the two of you is fucked. You both deserve so much more than what Chuck dealt you, and I’m sorry you have to go through this. But Cas would want you to be happy, with or without him, so if you do find someone else eventually, please promise me you’ll at least try not to push away a good thing?”
Sam nods. “I know. And
Busted. “Okay so they’re not really from Sweden.”
“We’re not here to hurt you, we just need some answers.”
within the realm of possibility that just this once we get our happily ever after.”
“Nothing, I’ve just stopped protecting him from the inevitable. It’s high time you boys learned what ghosts are really like.”
Sam looks over at him expectantly. “Dude, I can hear the guys through the phone.”
“It means whatever Caleb is, he’s not a ghost, and if he
“Yeah right,” Julie and Trevor reply at the same time.
The joke’s out of his mouth before he has time to feel embarrassed by it. “I dunno, I think I could’ve if I asked nicely.”
“How foolish of me.” Cas leans up to kiss his cheek before returning his head to Dean’s shoulder and settling into his embrace. For the first time in a long time, Dean sleeps soundly.
“Not completely, but that’s part of the fun, ain’t it?”
Sam wisely ignores Dean’s rare mention of what his time in Hell was like, instead commenting: “I thought you loved hunting.”
Dean rears back like Jack just slapped him. Sam doesn’t seem to be doing much better, but he does recover first, turning to their unintentional audience. “Would you excuse us a moment?” He guides Dean and Jack out the studio doors. “It matters to us, Jack; Cas is family, of course we’d want to know he’s okay.”
“Would it make a difference?”
“Which you are,” Ray points out. “But, I think this is a good compromise, plus this way you can keep your tía busy if she shows up.”
Of all the possible follow-up sentences to Cas’s cryptic speech about wanting things you can’t have and being happy “just saying it”, that was not the one he was expecting. And with a slowly dawning horror Dean knows exactly where he’s going with this, what the thing Cas can’t have is. He can’t have it because in addition to all the insecurities Cas is currently rattling off, as far as Cas knows, Dean also sees himself as straight. After all these years, Cas is about to say out loud the one thing they’ve always found a way not to say. And he thinks he has to do it alone.
Sam just stares at him smiling. He understands the impulse. It’s a good thing they’re already in Heaven because instead of watching the road he’s spending more time inspecting his brother, who’s actually here next to him again. “I’m really happy for you, Dean.”
She’s not looking at them, but she seems to know it’s them specifically. Can she talk to the ghosts? Well she’d have to in order to play with them, Dean guesses. The hunters don’t move for several seconds until Sam apparently decides the best play is to come clean. “No, we’re not.” She turns to face him, defensive yet defenseless. Dean also comes out from his hiding spot.
Carlos is the one who answers the door for them. “Oh thank goodness you’re here, I need your help.”
Dean and Sam share a quick look of panic before trying to find a hiding spot. Julie opens the door and looks around, seeing nothing. “Do you guys see anything?” She waits for a response, then curses under her breath when she seems to get one. Out loud, she says, “you guys aren’t detectives, are you?”
Cas’s laugh is broken off by a sudden shift in demeanor. He seems terrified. “You have to go back.”
“For now.” If the Empty wasn’t silent before, it is now as the surprise of his new plan sinks in. “Jack, when Duma was controlling you, she had you make new angels, right? Out of regular ordinary humans?” Jack glows literally and figuratively as his smile takes over his face and his aura brightens.
The angel steps back to look at him in disbelief. “What… how did you get here?”
“Yeah.” On the one hand, Julie’s got her mom back, supposably, and no way will he begrudge her that. But this all feels a little convenient. “I don’t like this, but I guess let it ride until we know more?”
“You’ve never seen it?!” Carlos, seemingly oblivious to how Dean’s whole body has gone still, runs for his tablet and pulls up a video. Sure enough, the thumbnail is an all-too-familiar angel in a trenchcoat. “It’s clearly scripted but it’s comedy gold.”
His mouth moves before she can even finish the sentence. “I do.” He blushes at his own apparent impatience, but the look of adoration Cas gives him is worth it. He takes the ring and gently adds it to the beauty of Cas’s hand.
Julie undergoes a face journey as she tries to come up with a convincing lie, though it has no chance of succeeding. “His band provides the holograms and instrumentals for our performances.”
Dean bolts out of his seat and grabs his keys. “We gotta go.”
The pair walks to the nearby park in the mild warmth of fall in North Carolina. They’re comparing notes about their most recent liaisons, with Julien having just been on a date last night. “It was honestly the weirdest kiss I’ve ever experienced. Man, I don’t even know how to explain it. First of all she just kind of stood there like this.” He gets in front of Dean, arches his back with his neck straining as he pushes his face forward and puckers his lips. “Like what do you think this is, a rom-com?” Dean laughs and shakes his head, dutifully ignoring that Julien is still standing right in front of him. “So I kiss her and she does this thing with her tongue—”
“You didn’t have a monopoly on disappointing dad,” he eventually mutters. Sam huffs out an exhale by way of response but lets him continue. “You got out, Sammy. You got to live it up in San Francisco and get a girlfriend and find out who you are outside of hunting. And I wanted that for you, of course I did, but if you think for a second that I didn’t need that too, then you don’t know me as well as you think you do.” He glances over to see his brother gazing out the passenger side window, clearly listening but allowing for the illusion that he isn’t. “But dad needed me to be a hunter, so I became what I had to to survive. Just like I did in Hell.”
Trevor looks more purposefully at Dean and Sam. “Are you the lawyers?”
“Okay.” Apparently they’re doing this. Maybe he can spare them the same drama he and Cas went through. “Well, what about Flynn?”
Caleb snaps his fingers and a purple spark fizzles out as Willie slumps forward. Throughout this whole exchange, Sam has been muttering in rapid Latin. Caleb turns to him now with a cackle.
He hears a pop through the line, and then Alex says, “can you see me?”
“Yeah you are!” Sam beams like he’s been waiting for Dean to bring it up this entire time. “Man, I cannot believe I lived to see the day you and Cas got your shit together.”
They let the album play while Sam looks up Caleb’s stamp and Dean reads up on demon smoke. Demons have been known to have all sorts of eye colors, but besides Crowley, he’s never heard of a demon being anything other than black. The former King of Hell explained it once, back when Dean was himself a demon, but he was predictably vague about it, only giving enough information to pique the former hunter’s curiosity.
Julie stands and gestures to the seating area. “We just wanted to say thanks for everything.”
He knows Sam’s not gonna let up until Dean gives him more to go on than a hunch, but he can’t tell him
Julie lets out a large sigh of relief. “Good. Okay, so the boys are ghosts.”
is, you’re my brother and I love you and that’s not gonna change, especially since again, I’ve known since the first time you watched
that to come off as a joke about his lack of a date but the way the boy’s eyes went wide and the look his bandmates shot each other told him it had a different effect. “Oh,” the boy giggled shyly. “Yeah, me too probably.”
“Well, boys,” she declaims. “I must say, whoever your speechwriter is, they deserve a raise! Now then, if any should object to this union—”
“I’m assuming it was hers?”
“What does that even mean?!” Reggie exclaims.
Dean shakes his head and starts the car. “Just because it’s not their bones doesn’t mean there isn’t an object holding them here. I mean, you said Julie’s story was that she played their demo and they showed up in the garage they used to rehearse in? Maybe that’s what we should be looking at.”
“You are not getting married in your… work suit,” his brother counters as he has every time the subject has come up. “As your best man, it is my duty to give you two the wedding of your dreams and that means you have to look the part, alright?” He claps his shoulder and nods to the tailor. “Stop fighting it, Dean, this is happening.”
“Yeah, seriously, thanks for all your help, Dean.”
“What’s happening,” Trevor panics. “What is this?”
“Well, we haven’t ruled it out yet, but we’re also chasing up other leads.”
Dean chuckles. “Not off the top of my head but I’m sure our resident witch can think of something.”
“That’s where she got the Sunset Curve shirt,” Julie realizes absently. “Flynn was right.”
“Oh, cool, well when they get here, you should totally play that, it was good!”
“What?”
Dean focuses his attention solely on the road in front of him, jaw clenching to prevent himself from saying anything further. Sam watches him in shock for a couple seconds before facing forward as well. The silence is a living thing, a third passenger leaning in between them from the back seat, begging them to continue. The more miles they speed down, the more the silence demands an answer. Dean wants it to end there, but he knows Sam’s just waiting for him to elaborate, granting him the space to follow up on that admission even as he has to audibly calm his breathing. He’s not getting out of this one.
“I’m standing next to you on your left.”
You would think that with the amount of times they’ve all died, it gets easier to work through the pain and forget it. It doesn’t; in fact it hurts worse each time. Sam has been watching him like a hawk, because the
“No,” Reggie says in an attempt to comfort him. “You’d go to the Empty, remember? You’re already dead.”
Alex became adorably bashful at the compliment. Sammy mimicked barfing.
“Well, for all our sakes, let’s hope it’s not this time. Night, Sammy.”
worst kept secret in the hunting community,”
“Ah, you must be Dean,” the man nods. “I’ve heard quite a bit about you this week!”
“Fuck ‘em.”
By the time things are wrapped up at the club, Sam and Dean are beat and ready to get back to the motel to catch some shut-eye, but they’ve got graves to torch. They’re headed over to the studio again in the morning by request, then they’re beginning the long drive back to the bunker. “I’m so ready to be done with this traffic.”
Nickelback
And that’s the real reason Dean didn’t want something splashy, isn’t it? He’s still hung up on whatever bullshit form of masculinity their dad foisted on him that he’s been fighting to maintain his whole life. Suddenly he feels every year of his age, and once again the reminder of how much
“We actually lost our mom about a year ago too,” Sam volunteers.
Julie screams when he plunges the blade into Rose’s chest. Whoops, probably should have explained to her how Death gets appointed. Thankfully, Rose reappears mere seconds later, cloaked in black and carrying her scythe.
“Sorry,” Sam interrupts, “who’s Rose?”
“Point is, you were probably only cognizant for a little while before the Shadow spit you out.”
Of all the things Naomi trained him for, all the hundreds of Deans Castiel has killed without hesitation, nothing could have prepared him for this. Dean Winchester, bloodied and begging, calling him family. “We need you.
“Love you too, Cas.”
“That… was a lot of double negatives.”
Trevor lets out a deep exhale and gestures for Dean to scoot over on the couch so he can sit close to her. “Carrie, did I ever mention I was in a band?”
“Not even a light source?”
Luke stops Alex in his tracks with hands on his shoulders. “Okay first of all, I can’t think of a time your parents were right about anything. Second of all we were already
Sam clears his throat awkwardly. “Well, if you could just let him know that we miss him and we’re glad he’s out of there…”
“No problem, I wasn’t angling to meet the band or anything, just wanted to congratulate you guys.”
“So, how are we getting him back?”
“I am, although I have borrowed a lot of their tricks. In my craft, you come across all sorts of fascinating tidbits about the universe, so when I died I took a few precautions.”
“Does he know that?”
The kid’s ear is oozing.
“Oh you mean the weird dark place where Alex cried for twenty-five years?”
Dean had prayed to the new god a couple days ago when he was sending out the rest of the invitations. “Hey Jack,” he intoned, unsure if the kid was even listening. “I know you don’t like, take corporeal form or whatever anymore but uh, well I asked Cas to marry me. He said yes, obviously,” he added with an amused huff. “Anyway, the wedding’s coming up soon, and umm… it would really mean a lot to your dad and I for…” C’mon Winchester, spit it out. “For our son to be there. Because, I mean, that’s what you are, Jack, of course you’re family, I should’ve… well there’s a lot of things I should’ve said that I’ve been getting away with not saying for far too long.” He cleared his throat awkwardly. “So, I’m sorry. I love you, kiddo. Anyway, hope to see you there. Even if you’re just a ray of literal sunshine or whatever.”
demons and even an angel. (Naomi’s attendance was a shock to both of them, considering she wasn’t technically invited, but Cas seems guardedly happy about having even one person from his old family at least pretend to care about his happiness, so she can stay, for now.)
, he thinks bitterly before remembering one of the many things Cas said.
Julie continues her work with shaking hands and constant tears. As Caleb sets his sights on her, Rose intercepts him and they begin to fight. She puts up a valiant effort, but she too falls at Caleb’s hand. He stalks towards the teenager with a triumphant sneer. “Time’s up, child.”
With a start he realizes who he’s talking to. “Reggie?”
Sam drops his notebook on the coffee table with a sharp exhale. “The only remaining possibility is that either we’ve been wildly misinformed about ghosts, or they’re not ghosts at all.”
“Dad?” Carrie looks on the verge of tears. “What are they talking about?”
Dean looks around with unease. “What I wanna know is, how’d she get in and out of here without anyone noticing?”
Trevor stands as well and places his hand comfortingly on her arm. “Carrie, no—”
“So, usually the entities in the Empty are all asleep while this happens. My guess is you guys were asleep too but not being tortured for whatever reason.”
Dean grips him tighter. “Don’t you dare fucking let me go, you son of a bitch, or I swear to Jack—”
“Anyway,” Sam continues, “that’s not the only reason we need your help. We met some ghosts that we’re not actually convinced are ghosts, and we suspect they were sent to the Empty somehow when they died, and now they’re back. Do you happen to know anything about that?”
The scratch of the pen is almost calming.
Dean spins around him but sees nothing out of the ordinary. “No, sorry. But I can still hear you.”
Alex pulls aside a patch of clear air and kisses it goodbye, earning quite a reception from the others. “Aww,” Luke teases when Alex turns back to the group. “Alex and Willie’s first kiss!”
“C’mere,” Dean sniffles, drawing him into a hug. Either Jack’s using some weird god magic on him, or Cas was right about happiness being in just saying it. He feels twenty pounds lighter and two years younger. “I love you so fucking much, kid, don’t ever let me let you forget it.”
Julie looks at him like she can’t believe he’d even suggest that. “And tell him what? ‘Sorry, that was the Ghostbusters here to murder my band, you know, the ghosts I told you were holograms because I didn’t want you to think I was fucking nuts.”
Trevor Wilson? ‘Long Weekend’, ‘Crooked Teeth’ Trevor Wilson? Dr. Sexy, MD?”
“Really?” Flynn’s either oblivious or an amazing friend, because Dean knows pining when he sees it. “Interesting.”
At one point Reggie got out to pee and Luke decided to use the opportunity to mingle at the bar. With a wink in Dean’s direction and a pat of Alex’s shoulder, Bobby followed suit, leaving the two alone at the table.
“Yes, well I’ve been very busy with a… I believe you’d call it a ‘rush job’.”
“What the—Sammy, did you see that?” Sam experimentally runs Luke through with the poker; once again the ghost is physically unperturbed but still emotionally distraught.
“Us too, Jack.” Sam pulls him into a hug. “Come back anytime. We’d love to see you, and not just when something’s wrong.”
“Wow. That’s…”
Sure, they had patched things up in Purgatory after Rowena chastised them for their stubbornness and with Dean frantically searching for Cas as the clock ticked down. But Cas has always known his affections were one-sided and has made his peace with that. After Mary, any chance Dean felt the same was quashed, and while he appreciates Dean trying to make this easier for him, it’s unnecessary. He means it; it’s not about ‘getting the guy’ or whatever the ‘chick flicks’ call it, it’s about living his truth and making sure Dean knows how much he’s loved. That’s what makes him happy.
“Who’s that?”
“What,” Luke scoffs, “we just pretend it never happened and invite him to play with us? No way.”
Dean considers pointing out that it’s still two dudes kissing, but his friend seems genuinely unbothered by the implications and… well… Dean is curious to know what he’s going on about. “Okay,” he exhales. Julien beams at him and puckers his lips out again. He’s not really sure how this is supposed to work, but he figures Julien will explain and leans in, silencing the parts of him screaming that this isn’t as innocent as he’s telling himself it is. Their mouths connect and Julien places Dean’s right hand on his shoulder and his own on Dean’s cheek. Dean focuses on the mechanics of it because that’s why he’s doing this, for illustration purposes. Eventually, he dares to dart his tongue out and Julien greets it with his own. He breathes out slowly to calm his mounting nerves when suddenly Julien inserts his tongue in-between Dean’s top lip and his teeth, running it back and forth across them like a toothbrush.
“Yeah,” Luke concludes. “We wrote you guys a song; well, really it’s mostly about Dean since we know him better, sorry Sam.”
“That’s what I’m saying,” Dean says as he grabs Cas’s hand again. He doesn’t pull his away this time. “I’m ready, let’s go!”
He realizes only after he says it how easy it’s gotten for him to talk about it now that it’s all out in the open: “Sammy, if you thought Cas and I were bad, you should see some of the fuck-me eyes she’s directed your way. You’ve got nothing to worry about.”
Sam raises his eyebrows at Dean in a look that clearly communicates the sentiment of
“You tell that hypocritical self-sacrificing shithead,” he says loud enough to be heard from Heaven directly, “that if he doesn’t get his incredibly fine feathered ass down
Ray sucks in a breath, making a connection Dean and Sam aren’t privy to. “That’s how you got it?”
Suddenly, Dean is flat on his ass sliding into a table, Sam next to him. The table legs emit a metallic screech as they bend to hold the brothers in place. He and Sam try to cry out but their voices won’t come. The ghosts all instinctively circle Julie, her only protection from Caleb’s onslaught besides a bottle of holy water and a salt shaker. He really should have trained her better (or at all) for this when she insisted on coming. Now it’s all up to her.
“What’s going on,” Alex asks.
Cas kisses his temple. “It’s okay, I understand. There’s nothing we can do about it now.”
“You from around here?”
“Dean I have been silently screaming about this for decades, please let me have this.”
“I’m ready.”
He looks up at Sam to signal something’s wrong then puts the kid in a full nelson. “Hey, what the hell!”
“I have a better idea.” Caleb snaps his fingers and another ghost appears beside him for all to see.
Dean places a hand on Cas’s hip and leans in to whisper in his ear. “For starters, we could get you out of these clothes.”
“Death has a library?” Reggie asks, slack-jawed.
“Yeah, you’d think so, right?”
“Yeah, only because she knew we’d break out of anywhere else.”
“More like many moments too late,” she counters sadly, looking at her bandmates.
I'm sure it's nothing but some heartburn, baby
“Well if it is it’s not a very good one. It doesn’t say anything about what the plan is or how to do it, just that she has a solution.”
knew what exactly he was feeling. On any given day he and Cas are a revolving door of alliances and betrayals and disagreements and declarations of affection. The only thing he can say for sure is that Cas is important to him, and he’s important to Cas. Ultimately, it’s all he really needs to know.
“It’s never too late to tell the truth,” Julie insists.
Julie shakes her head at the brothers’ antics and looks over to where her mother is corralling souls. “I’m glad I got to see her again.” Rose notices the gaze of her daughter and appears before them.
, Luke continues. Ain’t that the truth. Reggie crowds into Luke’s mic.
“Good—good news?! Sam we have no idea what the fuck we’re dealing with, how is any of this good news?”
“Why not,” Sam asks no louder than a whisper.
“Yeah, it’s not great. But hey, I’m glad you were able to find someone.”
“Finally, time to get some answers.”
“Fiiine.” Carlos closes the video.
Sam fields that one before Dean can cut in with a remark. “We can talk outside if it would make you more comfortable. She’s not in any trouble, we’re just trying to track down some friends of hers.”
No, he never expected Dean to reciprocate, hell he probably didn’t even expect to ever tell him. He would have been happy just to— no, he wouldn’t. That was the point right? It wasn’t just confessing, it was being able to tell Dean how he feels without having to worry about being rejected, because he knew Dean wouldn’t have
“Well I certainly can’t wear white, Sammy,” he winks.
“Oh it’s happening,” his escort replied. “Scoot over.” Alex did so in a daze to let the boy sit, but so did the others. “You too, Mystery Boy, have a seat.”
Dean turns to look at the empty space. “Hey.”
Ray turns to them with a frown. “You’ve been doing this since you were kids?”
“Whoa!” Carlos shouts. “What was that?!”
‘Borax?’ The girl mouths at Julie, who shrugs in equal confusion.
Alex shook his head in disbelief but he was smiling, and when he looked back into Dean’s eyes, Dean knew that for better or worse, he was bringing a boy home that night.
doesn’t exactly roll off the tongue. “I guess you could say she’s my step-daughter.” He takes her smile as an invitation to approach. “How you holding up?”
Trevor blanches at the name, then finally registers how he knows Dean. “Mystery Boy??”
You could say that. Actually… he could just say that. Seriously, what’s stopping him anymore? Dad’s long dead, Bobby and Mom are gone, not that he thinks they’d care exactly—and, well, it is technically relevant to the case.
“Shut up…”
Conversely, the boys are much more solid than they were before. They're not even playing music, just lounging around visible like it's no big deal. This case just keeps getting weirder...
He doesn’t feel like getting into his personal history with a kid he barely knows, so he settles for something that’s technically true but not very useful. “We went to the same high school. But if you don’t mind, I’d prefer it if we asked the questions.”
“No, actually this is good,” Sam argues. “We can use this as an opportunity to test the guys’ limits, see what they can and can’t do. Maybe that’ll help us figure out what they are. We already know that we can hear them playing in general, but so far they only appear if Julie’s playing with them. Is it something specific about her, or do they just need at least one live member?”
But then Dean turns back around, eyes begging and saturated with tears just barely retaining their surface tension, and somehow he knows: he heard him correctly. Dean loves him too.
Julie stares at him with wide eyes. “
“Who’s Caleb?”
They only manage to settle on a song and poof out a couple minutes before the garage door opens to show Trevor Wilson—and his daughter.
Dean sat back down while the guys freaked out. “I’m assuming that’s good?”
His excited scrawl is endearing.
“I thought raths were like green pigs,” Sam says with furrowed brow.
The tailor, Maurizio, shows him some of the styles he has available and Dean pretends to understand anything he says about fabric and cut and design. They pass over a mannequin sporting a suit in a deep …burgundy maybe? At any rate, it’s certainly a bold choice. “What’s the story with this one?” Dean asks, slowing to a stop in front of it a few steps behind Maurizio.
Apparently Dean just skipped over the dating and the having sex for the first time and the cuddling and the testing the waters and went straight for the proposal.
“Yeah. Me either.” Dean forgets sometimes that his little brother is also getting up there, but right now Sam definitely looks his age. “You think you’ll stay at the bunker?”
Dean looks at Cas one last time and places a tender kiss on his lips, lets it stand in for all the times he should have kissed him but didn’t and all the millennia they could have been doing this if circumstances were different. “I love you.”
Sam looks to the ceiling for strength and spits out “they can’t be seen by ‘lifers’” complete with air-quotes, and a pang of nostalgia rips through him.
She spends a solid minute listening to the guys before Sam clears his throat awkwardly. “Julie?”
And that, the possibility that Dean needs Castiel as much as Cas needs Dean? That is why Cas couldn’t kill him no matter how hard Naomi tried.
Sam rummages through the duffel for salt and raises it triumphantly. “Ghost possession?”
“Well we’ve already tried salt, iron, silver, holy water… hell I even dumped some borax on them just to be on the safe side.”
“Julie?” He tries to sit up. “What happened?”
“This makes no damn sense.”
Julie takes the card and nods awkwardly before retreating back into the house.
“And take it from someone with a lifetime’s experience in both the supernatural and denial: ignoring the problem won’t make it go away. In fact it usually makes it worse.” Alex doesn’t respond, and Dean wipes the sweat from his brow with a tired sigh. “Look, we need to get to the bottom of this, if only so you get to keep your happy ending, okay? Trust me, I’m not trying to take that away from you. We just need to make sure it really is everything it’s cracked up to be.”
The Winchesters do so hesitantly; meanwhile Julie goes off to another part of the studio and starts whisper-shouting again. How she’s able to have such a strong connection with these ghosts is a mystery, as is the lack of cold-spots, and the lack of EMF when Sam not-so-subtly turns the meter on while she’s consulting with… well, evidently her band, the artists formerly known as Sunset Curve. “I don’t like this,” Sam mutters.
“Oh heyyyy”
“Really, Sam, you know I’m not an actual demon, right?”
His thoughts wandered to the last time he was in this city. Traffic was still shitty, people were still obnoxious, everything was still expensive. By the time he reached the parking lot of a motel, he realized that muscle memory seemed to have brought him to the one they’d stayed at back then. He booked a room, took a shower, and got dressed to see what there was left to see. A couple minutes later, he came upon that bar where he’d picked up Alex, still as sketchy as he remembered. Chuckling, he decided the heck with it and went in, ordered a beer, and looked around.
peeved about what you did to them.”
“Wait,” asks Julie. “Death? As in… like
“So I’m a demon??” Alex jumps up and begins to pace. “Oh my god, my parents were right, I am going to Hell.”
Dean huffs out a sigh and takes a swig of his beer. “Fuck off.”
“Not right now, obviously. But soon.”
“Maybe she can’t,” Luke interjects, having come over to them with the rest of the band.
He refuses to look up from his bottle. “Don’t you think if he could, he’d have done it already?”
“Actually, we’re the Phantoms now,” Reggie clarifies. “Y’know, since your dad sold us out and stole all our songs and now we play with Julie.”
They all join in for the chorus, and if Dean thought he could get through this without crying he was wrong:
“What does that mean?”
I'm afraid that I would break
“They insist.”
“It’s not gonna work,” Jack frowns at him. “I barely got him out last time.”
, Dean, it’s kind of a big deal. Like, recording contract big.”
“He’s cute.”
?” Julie laughs uncomfortably. “Dad, that is
“That.”
“You said the guys were summoned when you played their demo?”
“I thought I lost you for good this time,” he eventually murmurs. He lets their chests rise and fall together in syncopated breath, though neither of them strictly needs oxygen anymore. Just a habit, one that reminds Dean that Cas is really here. “One minute you were there and the next you were just gone.”
he knows without confirming some things they’ve never really needed to make explicit before. “Sam. Can you please just trust me on this? It’s them, I know it is.”
“Nick, right?” Sam crouches to look at him. “I’m Sam. Can you tell us the last thing you remember?”
Sam eyes him with concern and pity and it sets Dean’s teeth on edge. “Can humans even go to the Empty? What if you can’t get back?”
Dean shuts that down quickly. “Alright, quit yapping and get over here, maybe I’ll give you a little demo.”
“A huge fan,” he says, jumping up in youthful excitement. “I’m Carlos, I’ve been following a lot of ghost hunting blogs. Your videos with the Ghostfacers are legendary!”
Luke steps forward and waves smugly. “Hey, I’m Luke. The real Luke. That’s Reggie and Alex. We’re Sunset Curve.”
Dean smirks in what he assumes is his direction while the pen continues moving.
“Cas,” Dean whispers desperately, but it’s too late now. He places his hand firmly on Dean’s left shoulder, the same one he grabbed to rescue him when they met. He feels the blood still on his palm stamp Dean’s jacket with one last physical imprint proving he was here, that this was real. He steals a final glance into the eyes of the human that shook the universe to its core and him with it.
Diana Ross
“Yeah, well, that’s what they get for showing up late. C’mon, we’re burning daylight.”
“Okay, it’s one thing that you clearly care more about Julie’s career than your own daughter’s, but that’s fine I got that message loud and clear at the concert.”
Trevor’s eyes widen as the cogs turn. “Wait so when we met—”
Damn it. Dean had finally gone an entire ten minutes without thinking about a certain angel only to be put in a position where he has to decide, right now, whether he’s actually gonna own up to his feelings or let him down yet again. Mercifully, his mouth agrees it’s a no-brainer. “Yeah… I did. But umm, I kinda have the same problem with him actually. One or the other of us is usually dead. It’s his turn right now.”
“I’ve
“I let you go too many times before,” he continues, forcing his nerves back and refusing to let his throat close up before he can say what needs to be said. “And this time I honestly didn’t think you were coming back. I’m not making that same mistake again. We’ve waited too long for this.” Tears are beginning to collect in Cas’s eyes, and it feels so much like the last time, the profundity of the happiness emanating from every single pore a reminder of how close Dean came to missing out on a life with him. “So, what do you say, Cas, wanna be stuck with me until whoever’s the new Death can figure out a way to make it stick?” He looks at Cas’s hand with a brief second of panic. “I didn’t really uh… I didn’t plan on doing this today or I would’ve got a ring but, well, we can deal with that later. You in?”
Julie looks between the three of them befuddled. Eventually, she decides, “I think this whole situation is way too weird for me to have an opinion. But I guess it would be a comfort to know Death herself was looking out for me.”
“Dude,
“Wait why couldn’t Julie see you?” The question is Flynn’s but Dean was wondering the same thing.
“Use a condom!”
Dean leans back to look him in the eye. “For the record, I’ll be the one doing the probing.”
“Oh you’ve got to be kidding me,” the Shadow groans.
“Ugh, fine.”
“Mom! MOM!”
Dean just grins at him and walks up to the door of the Molina residence. The door is opened by the diminutive lead singer of Julie and the Phantoms—oh wow Dean just got that, clever name. She can’t be older than 17, and she’s clearly dressed for a lazy Saturday morning undisturbed by visitors. She’s more confused and cautious about their appearance than afraid, which is helpful. That means she doesn’t know they’re onto her yet. “Hello?”
“I know I don’t,” he replies firmly. “I’m saying I want to. I wasted so much time on Earth telling myself I didn’t but I do.” Suddenly the words that he could never quite spit out are the easiest he’s ever said. “I love you, Cas.”
“Please don’t swear by me,” Jack interjects either in an attempt at humor or because he doesn’t get the expression. Dean snorts bitterly at the path his life has taken. If not even Jack can save him… “Look I can’t bring him here; the Empty was very eager to keep him specifically until the end of time. And even if it could be reasoned with, we just got the universe back in balance. Cas wouldn’t want us tinkering with that to save him.”
God damn it. “Potentially.”
And he just doesn’t know what to do with that information.
Trevor closes his eyes. “No, they’re not.”
he means. They can move onto the important part, which is what this revelation has to do with their earlier fight.
“Oh, sorry.”
Sam’s face drops. “What?”
Dean forces himself to close off the many routes of expression he’s left wide open in this discussion; he forgot Cas was on a clock. Damn it. “Right, you’re big man on campus again, gotta get Heaven back in line and all that.”
Queen and David Bowie
. And it wouldn’t matter what dad thought about them because it’s not his life and he wouldn’t have a say in who… in anything.”
Dean’s throat emits an ugly noise. “Why the fuck do you think Sam? He finally came to his senses.” He knew it was too fucking good to be true.
“Of course,” he replies with a bittersweet nod. “I’ll miss you both dearly.”
The pen writes out
—” he intones, glaring at his dad— “thinks I’m too young to get involved.”
“Usually,” Sam presses on, “human souls go to Heaven or Hell when they die.”
“Well,” Dean answered, “if you’re looking for a boyfriend, I’m not your guy.” Alex’s face fell in disappointment. “But,” Dean continued, no matter how nervous he was about the Now Leaving Straightsville sign zooming past him in his head, “I do have access to a motel room if you don’t have any plans tonight.”
Of course, the longer he’s away, the more he can pick that sentence apart and create more logical explanations for what this utterance means. The angel has always known their relationship was fairly one-sided; Castiel is devoted to Dean and Dean… didn’t actually say he loved him or cared about him or any of that (although he did call him family, so perhaps that’s an indication that Cas was on the right track). Instead, Dean said he
They decide to reconvene in the morning. Dean and Sam politely turn down Ray’s offer to let them sleep in the studio, pointing out to Ray’s dismay that it’s otherwise occupied. When the Winchesters leave for their motel, the rest of them are passionately discussing personal boundaries.
, and if he didn’t want to see me ever again, he should have thought about that before confessing his undying love for me and then being too much of a coward to let me say it back!”
“Yeah, actually that’s the night we met. She was working the Orpheum that night and I stopped to talk to her instead of going with the guys. She basically saved my life.”
Dean was at the bar when their set was over, and the band wound up standing next to him. “That was
His dads pull him into a hug, a habit from the various times they were human, and before they know it he’s gone.
“I’ll manage.” They make it through the first two tracks and still no sign of the guys. “Hmm, guess it’s just a Julie thing. Part of me says torch it since it’s clearly attached to them, but I doubt it’ll do much.”
Sam releases him and looks at Dean in grave seriousness. His mouth isn’t even moving—his eyes say it clearly enough:
“Allegedly.”
“Then I’ll keep coming back here until it sticks.” He looks at Cas and he knows the moment of truth has come. “Cas and I love each other.” The audible gasp from Cas as his eyes widen in unbridled hope is more thrilling than Dean can describe but they can figure that out later. He smiles at him then turns to face the Shadow, who seems bored. “Now I don’t know how often that happens in this kind of place, but back on Earth it’s pretty rare.” He faces Cas again, willing him to understand every word. “And I will fight for it until my last breath because I’ve already wasted too much time being scared of it.”
“Really?” Sam pats him on the shoulder. “That’s amazing, Jack!”
“That’s comforting…”
He can feel his face fall into stony realization. That bastard fiancé of his set him up. Dean looks accusingly at Sam who gives up any pretense at hiding his laughter. He grabs Dean’s shoulders when he turns to leave and pushes him towards the platform. “No, c’mon man, we’re doing this. I promised Cas I’d get you in here and we’re not leaving until we’ve found you something.”
Sam says nothing for a while. “Okay,” he finally mumbles. He puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder before leaving him alone in the main room.
, every damn time. For fuck’s sake, Cas, how could you not know what you mean to me?”
“And that I’m fully aware of who Sunset Curve is and their contributions to rock music.”
Julie holds up a hand, which he takes to mean one of the ghosts is talking. “Alex says Willie keeps talking about unfinished business, he says they need to resolve that in order to cross over.”
“Me?” Julie and her dad look at each other in concern.
“Okay, so we’ll need to do damage control and see what he knows,” Dean concludes. “Which means we need to find a way to track down Trevor freaking Wilson and convince him we’re not crazed fans.”
“I know we’ve only been upfront with each other about all this for like three months tops, but when you told me you loved me, I realized we’ve basically been together this whole time. You’re already the person I miss most when you’re not in the room, you already make me feel loved and supported and valued and safe, you already call me on my shit and push me to be better, you’re already someone I’d go to Hell and back—again—to save, you’ve already given me so much of your life for so little in return. And for too long I let you think you were alone in this, but you’re not, and you never have been. I have loved you for a solid decade, even if I couldn’t let myself call it that. But I vow, in front of all these people, out loud and proud, that I will continue to love you the way you deserve.
“Thank you, glad you stuck it out!” He must have realized he had no idea what Dean’s name was because he stuck out a hand. “I’m Alex.”
Julie laughs and shakes her head. “A decade? So much for speeding things up by just accepting that it’s happening.”
“Oh,” Cas finally replies, smiling softly at Dean when he opens his eyes. “That makes sense.” He turns to Charlie with a clearing of his throat. “Let’s go with Kline for now.”
“And if we can’t?”
Depends how many seconds are left on the clock. “Haven’t really gotten that far. I just know I don’t wanna be doing this forever.”
Dean runs his fingers through his hair in frustration. “Look, I have an idea: if you use me as a vessel, Jack can pull us both out.” Cas raises his eyebrows at that. “I know, it’ll be weird and there’s a lot of things that ideally we’d talk about
“Yes,” Cas replies barely above a whisper, his eyes finally releasing the tears in their hold. He pulls Dean’s face to his and joins their mouths. Dean tries not to be embarrassed about Cas having to help him stand, but he doesn’t mind so long as he gets to keep him in his arms a little while longer. “I love you so much.”
“Alright, I’ll bite, what makes you think it’s a case?”
“Hunters? Like ghost hunters?” Dean nods in acknowledgement. “W-what makes you think they’re ghosts?” Before he can point out that
“You’re damn right there is,” Dean affirms as he pulls Jack into his arms. “Welcome home, kid.”
“Exactly.”
It's clear
Dean sighs deeply. “No, Sam, I am not a threat to myself or others, you can take your hand off the panic button.”
Sam walks up to them when they re-enter the studio. “We all good?”
“You didn’t want to rub it in my face because you figured I was two-seconds from going nuclear at any given moment?”
“Language,” Ray chastises half-heartedly, clearly trying to follow the conversation with little luck.
Sam grimaces sympathetically. “This may sound insensitive, but did you happen to see the bodies?”
“But when angels or demons die, they go to the Empty—”
Dean turns around, and there he is. Castiel. His angel, right there, alive, restored to his former glory.
“Yeah,” Julie agrees. “I’ll grab Flynn and meet y’all out there.”
“No, probably not.”
“Yeah, I think for all our sakes we should just rule that one out on principle.”
She coughs out a watery “thanks.” Alex, meanwhile, is off to the side talking to Willie, probably trying to figure out their next steps. He does not envy them in this moment. Julie draws his attention again. “So, what happens now?”
“What? No! At least… I don’t think so… why, what makes you think that?”
“Wait wait wait,
Dean’s heart skips a beat as his fears are confirmed. “Alex?” he whispers.
“Right? You should try waking up in the coffin.”
“Mr. Molina?” Sam inquires.
“Can confirm,” Dean interjects as Alex ducks his head in embarrassed joy. “He’s a lucky cold spot. Now, can we get back on track here?”
“First of all, a one-night stand does not a boyfriend make. Second of all, when has this ever, and I mean
“That’s not entirely true, wasn’t Billie gonna send us there if we died under her administration?”
Sam shakes his head with a chuckle and Dean rolls his eyes. Whatever, so he’s starting to get a little into the whole wedding thing, sue him. It’s not like he ever thought he’d get to have this. Besides, Cas deserves the absolute best, and Dean’s dead set on giving it to him.
“That’s it!” He came over to talk to them, and Dean felt something lurch in his chest. “Yeah, total freak accident, three of them bit it about half an hour before the show, poor guitar guy had to go on and do a whole set by himself before he even knew what had happened to them.”
“Kids these days,” tuts Caleb. “No patience.”
Sam and Dean share a knowing look. Guess they’re doing a stakeout.
“Yes, because in completing their unfinished business, they’ve ensured Julie will succeed, and now that my family is in a position to move on without me, my business is complete too.”
“Obviously.”
Dean and Sam arrive at the studio the next morning to see Julie and the Phantoms and Trevor Wilson set up with their instruments, ready and raring to play. Ray and Carlos are on the couch talking to Rose, and Flynn and Carrie are passive-aggressively sizing each other up while Willie talks their ear off by the door.
“Wha—I don’t—I mean not that I—it’s not like… oh c’mon don’t do this to me so early in the morning, seriously Dean?? I don’t have time for a bi crisis right now!”
“What the hell kind of ghosts are you?!?!?”
“Yeah, apparently Jack and Cas did a whole remodel.”
“You know I don’t.”
rainbow, I think you’re set.”
Sam laughs in frustration. “So then why are you telling me this now?!”
“Hey, it’s better than nothing. Do you think you can find him and convince him to join us?”
“Ah,” the tailor replies with a frown. “A bespoke commission, unfortunately the poor man passed away before I could finish it. I didn’t have the heart to scrap it, so I finished it and put it up. It’s more a conversation piece than anything.” He studies Dean for a second with a finger to his chin. “Although, it’s actually pretty close to your size, and truthfully I’ll sell it to the first person who fits no matter how much they offer for it.” Dean raises his eyebrows in consideration, and he must stare at it long enough that it elicits a smile from Maurizio. “I know you said you didn’t want something flashy, but we could always try it on, just for the fun of it.”
Sam bumps his shoulder against Dean’s. “Yeah, I almost feel bad for saying it, but with any luck we won’t be seeing her again for a very long time.”
“Maybe not,” he concedes. “But you should at least talk to each other to figure out if you really need to keep fighting, or if perhaps there’s something to salvage of a friendship you’ve had since you were in diapers. Because from where I’m standing, you’re both in pain and it breaks my heart to watch when I know in the past you would have had each other to lean on.”
“Wait really?” Sam shakes the question out of his head and returns to his point. “Nevermind, I just meant in general. Despite everything, you’re still alive. For the first time in a long time, we have a whole life ahead of us. I just need you to promise me you’ll live it.”
Dean nods in solidarity. “They’re still out there if you know where to look.”
Sam and Dean share a look; she’s not gonna like this answer. “They become like every other ghost. And we have to treat them like every other ghost.”
“Willie!” Alex calls out. The ghost they’ve evidently met before barely looks up at his name, seeming disoriented.
“What’s up?”
Dean let out another laugh that brought a bright smile to Alex’s face. Over the drummer’s shoulder, Dean could see the guy’s friends were blatantly staring at them, beaming and talking excitedly amongst themselves. “Uhhh, don’t look now but your friends are watching us very closely for some reason.”
“Look, kid, before you go, there’s something I been meaning to say to you—”
“Yeah,” continues Alex, “Willie makes it sound like Caleb can keep tabs on them at all times.”
Sam continues the thought. “Normally ghosts are spirits who refuse to go with the reapers to their final destination because of unfinished business.”
“She is,” Rose agrees, beaming proud. “I wish I had more time with her, but at least we could have this.”
a demon, then he’s one of the weirder ones.”
“Can you describe him?”
, guys,” the lead singer shouted excitedly, “we killed it!”
“Please? The guys didn’t get to hear you.”
“So fun fact about LA, evidently there’s a whole ghost
Sam looks at him in alarm. “That… I don’t know what that was but it wasn’t a ghost.”
“Sorry, he’s not feeling too well, he seems to have forgotten what happens when people cross me.”
Dean can’t tell which of the eight people startled by the new presence in the room screams the loudest. He’s pretty sure it isn’t him given how often angels do this to him, and also the fact that he’s too shocked to believe he’s even seeing this.
He’s pretty sure he already knows his answer but it helps not to be too eager. “Well, what’s Cas wearing?”
Finally, some headway. “So what’s the plan, boss?”
“You and me both, kid.”
“Honestly, in that case I’m shocked you’re capable of forming sentences. Last time we came across your favorite soap doctor I thought you were gonna jump him right there in the hallway.”
“I’m not,” Julie laughs through a sob. “I miss my mom, and it’s like she’s
, but she’s always just out of reach.”
Cas smiles at him with the same subdued yet fond grin Dean’s come to appreciate, and it turns his stomach against the fries he’s currently shoving into it. That line of thinking is dangerous; he tried the apple pie life with Lisa and Ben and look how that turned out. Everyone who gets close to him ends up dead or worse, and with the Mark of Cain seared into him, tragedy is practically inevitable if he opens that door. Even if he and Cas could have been something more—not that he wanted that necessarily but even if it were possible—they would still be here, staring down the near-certainty that someday Dean will lose control completely, and Cas and Sam will have to pick up the pieces, assuming they’re not dead already themselves. This is hard enough as it is; Cas doesn’t need the pain of knowing the full extent of how much this sucks.
“Really, dude? This was back in like… ‘09 maybe? We got in that weeks-long fight after that siren guy and you told me about Julien? You seriously don’t remember that?”
She rolls her eyes with a huff. “Are you going to give me a choice?”
Luke pipes in too. “Yeah, you need to monologue about it or can we get started?”
Rowena shakes her head fondly. “And do you, Dean Winchester, take Castiel to be your—"
“Ray,” he replies, extending his hand out of forced civility. “And you are?”
Cas surges up to kiss him
Alex draws a giant smiley face, then scribbles out,
“Not by themselves, no,” Sam continues in excitement. “But they’re all connected to someone who can make them visible for a sustained amount of time.”
Dean shoots him a mischievous grin that’s only slightly starstruck. “Hey Bobby, good to see you.”
Nick looks between them with a face far too calculating for a high-schooler. He grins menacingly and stands. “Of course, see you tomorrow.” The boy passes by him with a terse nod of his head, and Dean begins to roll his eyes before noticing something familiar.
“She’s a great kid,” Dean begins, watching Julie laugh with Flynn. He’s pleased to notice their hands are intertwined.
Julie attempts a smile at that before looking back out at the swaying trees. A few moments later, her phone pings. She smiles for real.
“I agree, we’ll hold onto it for now just in case.”
Cas and Sam embrace while Dean wills his brain to come back online. This is really happening. Cas is back.
At some point during that speech Dean must have forgotten to breathe because the air catches a couple times on its way into his lungs. It’s no wonder Dean ignored his feelings for so long; the sheer depth of them, the all-encompassing weight of them, threatens to overwhelm him completely. Cas is staring into him with unmistakable reverence, and it’s all he can do not to tackle him to the ground right here and kiss him senseless.
“Are you aware that all three of them—Alex Mercer, Luke Patterson, Reggie Peters—were pronounced dead in 1995?”
“The FBI???”
Dean chuckles sardonically. “You got that right. Glad I got to see you again.”
, he can imagine the angel retorting. He’s alive. Cas saved him. With the power of gay no less. For the angel Castiel was so fucking gay for Dean Winchester, he gave his life so his love could save the universe. What the fuck is he supposed to do with that?!
Rose takes her daughter’s hands in her own. “Julie, listen to me. You have been so brave the past year and I am beyond proud of you. But you don’t need to carry the weight of the world on your shoulders. No kid should have to bear this.” Dean pointedly avoids looking at Sam. “We’ll be fine, but all of this will be for nothing if something happens to you.”
“Really,” Sam asks, confused. “I would’ve thought you’d be all over a brainstorming session.”
“Dean.”
“I dunno,” says Alex. “At the club, Caleb was acting like the stamps were an insurance policy but couldn’t actually finish the job without us actively joining him. If Willie’s already sealed the deal, it might not be so easy.”
Rose and Sam will spend most of tonight brainstorming methods to cut Caleb off from his powers. Obviously Sam and Dean are going to the showdown, as are Rose and the other ghosts. The other humans are all dismissed—this isn’t their fight—though there are long goodbyes as they part ways for the night. The only one who refuses to stay out of it is Julie. “Mom, you have to let me go. For starters, it’s my band and the guys might need me close by.”
Dean nudges him away with his shoulder. “Shut up.”
Jack furrows his brow in frustration. “I’m not sure you have. Personally, I think it’s very silly that he doesn’t want to see you, because he’s convinced himself you don’t love him back, even though I’ve assured him a thousand times over that he’s being irrational and that I’m perfectly aware of what’s in your heart. You do love him back, do you not?”
“My mom,” Julie answers sadly. “She died last year.”
The heartbreaking way he says it clues Dean into the things he isn’t saying. The distance all makes sense now; this isn’t the final reunion he thought it was. “Ah. You’re saying my days are numbered.”
His brother must sense his conviction because he shakes his head in acquiescence and looks out the passenger window for a few minutes. A thought occurs to him eventually and he looks over cautiously but inquisitively. “Did you know them? Like, personally?”
“No clue.” Sam sighs deeply. “Darn, if
“Ghosts,” Trevor repeats. “Like actual, legitimate, haunting-me ghosts?”
“Hey, Cas.” They stop just in front of each other, both too nervous to make the first move but desperately wanting to unite. “C’mere,” Dean finally caves, pulling Cas as tight as he possibly can.
Fall Out Boy
“Not.
“I love you too.”
He laughs and resets, thinking quietly for a second. “Would kissing you again make it better or worse?”
“Sweetheart, maybe you should sit down.” Carrie primly sits on one of the armchairs then looks at him expectantly. Trevor clears his throat awkwardly and looks to Julie, who nods encouragingly. “I want to introduce you to Julie’s band.”
Jethro Tull
“It’s crossed my mind.”
“Dude I’m not gay.”
“Yep.”
“You’ll see me soon enough.”
The boy’s smile was dazzling, which was not exactly something Dean tended to notice if he could get away with it, but he found himself making an exception. “Thanks! And yeah, at least my drum set will always love me.” Dean laughed at that and took a sip of his drink, which encouraged the guy to keep the conversation going. “So what brings you here, you hear us play before?”
Cas considers this with a nod of his head and plays along. “That’s plausible, I suppose. Though how he intends to get
“What!”
Julie leads Dean up to the loft area of the studio to give him and Alex a touch more privacy, though that’s kinda hard given the studio isn’t exactly a mansion. She leaves him up there alone with a notepad, a pen, and a suspiciously empty space across from him that isn’t cold or electromagnetic or anything. Which actually scares him more.
Sam looked up and saw that Dean was talking to him from Dad’s room. Cue epic bitchface. “Eww, Dean, did you bring a girl home again?”
Whitney Houston/Dolly Parton
“You look badass, Mrs. M!”
“Oh, right,” Sam responds sadly. He pats Dean on the shoulder. “You’ll figure it out. If anyone can figure it out, it’s you guys.”
“Wait really? You’re still hung up on that?” They’re standing side-by-side leaning against the backside of the park entrance sign, where no one can tell they’re still in the park after dusk. “I guess I’m better than I thought,” his friend grins smugly.
But the entire time he’s on the run, those words run through his head. “I need you.”
Julie’s sheepish smile is somewhat endearing when juxtaposed with the unsubtle laughter overtaking Sam at the revelation (at least it’s better than the knowing sympathetic grimace he was wearing throughout the whole song). “No, I don’t see them, sorry. Sometimes they go out randomly.”
, echoes a cherished memory. “Obviously we’re gonna keep working the case, but it
“It was fated according to Chuck’s death book; if ever he were defeated, this would become your ending. Jack inherited that memory.”
“Yeah. That’s why the Empty took him. They had some kind of deal that if he was ever truly happy, it would come for him, and apparently his bliss was telling me he’s in love with me.”
“I don’t see how that—oh.” Cas leans back with a surprised smile. “You wish to have sex.”
“Is it true you guys stopped the apocalypse?”
“Empty,” Sam and Dean finish.
He’s not sure why that’s what does it, but Cas is suddenly beaming and pulling Dean close. “Dean?”
“Well,” Sam cuts in apologetically. “Usually I’d agree with you but in this particular case, telling the truth now would do no one any favors.”
An angel. Suddenly the answer is smacking him in the face. “Jack! Jack can you hear me? Come in here for a second.” Their son, the boy he and Cas (and Sam) raised who grew up to be God, appears with a wave of his hand.
“Language, Dean,” Rowena chastises with a devious grin. She turns to face Cas. “Very well, do you, Castiel, take Dean Winchester to be your semi-lawfully wedded husband?”
Dean tips an imaginary hat. “All in a day’s work.” He leans back on a pile of stuff. “So, anything in particular you were itching to talk to me about, or just couldn’t resist this face?”
“I’m sorry,” Luke cuts in, “did you say Hell?”
“So now what,” Julie inquires as they return to the car after promising Trevor they’ll get back to him about confronting the band. (Sam elbowed him when he suggested Trevor “face the music”.)
“I got this,” Carlos interjects. “I’ll get Nick caught up, you guys figure out what the plan is.”
Sam presses play and a song starts, one Dean’s pretty sure he remembers from the shows he caught. “Hey, can you rip these while we’re at it? Not gonna lie, I always did like their sound.”
The angel blade clatters to the ground and with his brief moment of clarity he fumbles for the angel tablet. Suddenly the hold Naomi has over him vanishes and he is left with the immense relief that Dean is still alive. This is quickly followed by the deep guilt he feels for having almost killed the man he loves (again). Castiel is not safe here. The tablet is not safe here.
“But they’re not most ghosts!” Julie pleas.
Dean and Sam confer with their eyes. Bingo.
Carrie looks over at her father sadly, as if her worst fears were coming true. “Coming clean about what?”
the Empty, they said we’re going backwards, whatever that means.”
Ultimately, while it hits a little too close to home, he’s resigned himself to the fact that people are gonna see what they wanna see and he can’t control how people interpret his actions. And if his story makes some random queer person feel a little less alone in the universe, then maybe that’s not so bad. As for himself, that’s not a reading he can afford to consider.
first thing Dean did was run into his arms like a freaking girl in a young adult novel and hold him as tight as he could. Before Cas could get out more than a fond “hello, Dean,” he planted a fervent kiss on his lips—much to the audible surprise of Sam and Eileen, but screw them this was important. Kissing Cas felt just as good as he always feared it would, made sense in ways he had dutifully ignored until Cas put it all out there (and then just
“No, I mean before all that. I used to be in a band, called Sunset Curve.”
“Speaking of knowing where to look,” Flynn cuts in, “can you play something so the cute boys can come out?”
And it feels like you never say what you want
His attention is drawn by a note that flutters down from the loft into Julie’s hands. She gasps as she reads it. “Mom?”
like me to stop but it doesn’t fucking seem to work that way.”
he was grossly misinformed on that front. He never realized how much energy he devoted to convincing himself he was imagining things until he didn’t have to do it anymore. He wants to be bitter that he only learned this when it was too late to do anything about it, but surprisingly the knowledge has instead filled him with an unprecedented level of peace. It’s finally sinking in that he had what he wanted all along, that he had a life with the being he loved for a lot longer than he ever thought was in the cards for him. Sure, he couldn’t articulate it in so many words and they certainly had their fair share of rough patches (understatement), but when he told his dad he did indeed have a family of his own during that strange wish upon a pearl, on some level he knew his brother, his son, and his knight in feathery armor were his happy ending. If only they could have all made it to the end.
Bobby Pickett
Sam too has a routine for dealing with Cas being dead. He gives Dean space for a bit, then corners him one morning to grill him while he’s too hungover to fight him on it, then leaves him alone again for a while, then nags him to eat a food and maybe consider sleeping in an actual bed and not a pile of bottles on the floor, with cases peppered in for flavor as they arrive. He has currently reached the try-and-distract-him-by-rambling-nonstop-about-something-he-knows-damn-well-Dean-gives-zero-shits-about phase.
“If I may,” Flynn jumps in with faux-seriousness. “If it’s a problem of sampling, why don’t we just increase our sample size?”
“Oh no, I’m not leaving. Not without you.”
“Shut up,” Alex blushes.
Bobby, Luke, and Reggie introduced themselves in turn, and just like that Dean was hanging out with Sunset Curve. They were pretty cool, down-to-earth and easy to talk to. They hung out for a bit, and when Dean got back from getting another drink from the bar, some guy in a suit who apparently worked for another club was just leaving.
“No, never. We didn’t even really know she was still around.”
She shrugs. “We won, I guess? Pretty sure this is the end of my band though.”
“Yeah, I know,” Julie replies to an unknown prompt. “And I forgive you. But it’s a good point—I have no way to contact you in an emergency.”
he’s squandered exhausts him. “Yeah, well, I am about to become a card-carrying, registered bisexual, so I think I’m entitled to look a little… y’know.”
“Uhh, yeah,” Sam waves awkwardly. “And you are?”
Dean presses his eyes into his sockets. “Well I’m sorry not all of us are as
Julie looks at the brothers in bewilderment. “Well, I guess that explains why he was acting so weird! Are you saying some creepy ghost was hitting on me? Because I might need a shower after that.”
All the fight has left Dean’s body. “That’s okay. I got the message.”
Sam settles back into his seat and looks to the ceiling for strength, running a hand along his face. “Sorry.” Sam takes a deep breath and lets it out. “Anyway, the
“OKAY,” Dean bellows, getting the attention of the room. “Alex, stop pacing, we’re gonna figure this out, just—"
“Heh, no ma’am, I could barely hack it for 24 hours. But, it does come with some sweet perks as I recall, and you seem to be pretty good at keeping the balance.”
But if there's something between you and me
“Apparently not.”
“Probably. But hey, maybe not; on the bright side, they’ll certainly have more control over when they appear.”
Dean shrugs. “I mean, it kind of fits? But they have bodies in their graves and they’re self-aware, that’s like, textbook not-a-revenant.”
Am I bad for you?
“Well, not everybody.”
Frankly as an angel Castiel has practically zero interest in sexual activity, and if he were to engage in such a thing it would not be with a stranger as part of a financial transaction. But as Dean drives them back for the night, streetlamps illuminating the side of his face every few yards, mouthing along with the words to the song playing from a cassette, Castiel decides that if there were any human with which he would consider having sexual intercourse, it would likely be Dean. As it stands, however, Castiel would much rather spend his last moments of existence doing exactly this: cruising along a dark rural highway in the Impala next to Dean Winchester.
“It wasn’t him,” Sam reminds him. “He wasn’t aware of what was happening. Maybe we should discuss this in the studio so we’re all on the same page.”
“Ah yes, ‘The Phantoms’, who you claim are from Sweden?”
He smirks: got her. “Not what I was asking.”
If Dean had his way, they’d just throw on rings and say they’re married. No need for a big fancy wedding.
“I mean I guess I feel a little tingly? But other than that no, not really.”
I’m forever haunted by our time.
“You think this has something to do with my mom?” Julie asks quietly.
It hurts like a bitch, but the knowledge it was real grounds him this time around. He’s done the widower thing before: the raging, God-cursing, funeral-pyre-jumping melodrama the movies say mourning a spouse is about. (Not that they were ever married, but they may as well have been.) And at the time, that’s what he needed to navigate the absurd injustice of it all. But now that he doesn’t have to fight so hard in order for the significance of his grief to be acknowledged, it can settle in with the other denizens of his bottomless well of sadness that he’s been carrying since he was four. Cas can finally be just one of the many good things Dean can’t have, now that he can put a name to what exactly he’s missing.
“And then juuuuuust when it looks like we’re about to kiss…”
“Like I said earlier,” continues Sam, “we came here to investigate Julie’s band. Dean and I specialize in this kind of thing.”
“Well they seem to get along well,” Dean observes.
’s the fear that says she knows exactly what this is about. It’s a gamble, but at this point they just need a foot in the door, so to speak. Julie looks back and forth at the brothers, then seems to resign herself to having this conversation. “Dad, can you give us a moment?”
The brothers share a wordless look. “Listen, Julie,” he stops, remembering they have company. “Fellas, in our experience, ghosts only end up one way, and that’s stark raving mad. Some take longer than others to crack, and you guys seem particularly with it, but eventually all ghosts get so obsessed with whatever’s keeping them here that they lose all control and people like Sam and I have to help them along. With force.”
Dean’s currently kicking himself that he didn’t push him on it, instead moving on with their conversation. Caleb certainly sounds like enough of a theater kid to want to be purple, and Dean doesn’t like the implication that he’s powered up enough to do so. If he’s even a demon.
“Thanks,” she smiles genuinely, despite her obvious disappointment in him.
“We’re old family friends,” Dean picks up. “We’re helping your dad with some, heh, unfinished business.” He didn’t realize eyerolls were contagious but his pun garnered at least three. “I’m Dean, this is my brother Sam.”
“You never
“Got it. Y’know, I have it on good authority there’s a vacancy for the job of Death if you’re interested.”
just saying you deserve nice things.”
Sam reaches his hand out to the boy. “Can I see that please?” Carlos hands it over wordlessly and goes to help Julie look.
Ray looks like he’s about to tell them to go fuck themselves until they have a warrant, and honestly Dean can’t blame him. He and Sam may have to dress like cops to do the work, and they may even have friends on the force, but he wouldn’t trust them either, even if he and Sam weren’t being shifty. Dean decides to change tactics, putting his badge away. “Actually, uhh, it’s about a mutual friend. Alex Mercer? We think Julie might be the last person to see him before he… disappeared.”
“Destroy… Alex…” Willie flickers out of sight and appears next to Alex.
“This is low even for you, Shadow.”
“You know I can’t answer that.”
She laughs uncomfortably. “Uh, yeah, our house is lousy with platinum. Are you feeling okay?”
“Does that mean he doesn’t have to flambé my body?” a familiar voice cries out over the speaker, “because I think maybe it should just stay in the ground where it is.”
“No, it’s actually kind of inconvenient.”
“No, yeah, uhh, it’s… it’s good to hear your voice, man.” He clears his throat as best he can and remembers he’s currently standing beside the guy’s burning bones. “So uhh… you can’t feel any of this?”
Dean held his breath. “What?”
“Yeah and everyone we know who’s been is already back there.”
Clapping comes from the doorway, where Julie and Flynn are standing as if they’ve been there a bit. Ray and Sam join in the applause as he waves awkwardly. “I didn’t know you played,” Julie beams.
“What? I do not care more about—”
“I mean, we ain’t getting any younger, and besides, once you’ve overthrown God you’ve pretty much done all there is to do.”
Dean snorts, “okay, Casper, y’know if you’re claiming you’re a friendly ghost, maybe try being less of a smartass.”
“Me either.” Except for the whole he’s-gonna-die-soon part. “We’re umm… once things settle down, we’re gonna give it the ol’ college try. Until then, I’m just biding my time.”
“And they’re not really called The Phantoms, are they? At least they didn’t used to be?”
’s your best guess?”
Julie looks towards nothing again. “Yeah, they’re slightly concerned about that, but we’re more excited about the fact that we can touch sometimes now.”
Dean grins with a swagger that is (he realizes while it’s happening) the same one he uses when he’s flirting. “You didn’t think I’d let you get away from me that easily, did you? After all that?”
you holding me hostage?”
“I know. It’d be pretty hard to top Cas.”
“Heyyyyy, Carrie,” Julie calls awkwardly.
Pat Benatar
“Charcoal with an Oxford blue waistcoat. Come to think of it, they actually complement each other quite nicely.”
“Sam Winchester,” his brother says, shaking Trevor’s hand. “Dean and I are here investigating Julie’s band.”
“Yeah,” Dean concurs. “The time for coming clean was before ghosts factored into the equation. Once people get hold of the story they’ll be looking them up and notice they look an awful lot like your band. You and the boys are in this charade for the long-haul until we can figure out a way to put them to rest.”
Sam looks back down at his notes. “Okay, Julie’s an unreasonably powerful medium who can manifest spirits and keep them from going feral.”
Jack looks at Dean in guarded surprise. “What do you want with Lucifer?”
Dean rolls his eyes but says nothing until the pointed looks from his family compel him to answer: “okay, fine, geesh, we’ll leave it to the spirits three.”
Cas is waiting for them when they pull up to the Roadhouse. Sam wastes no time pulling the angel into a bear hug that Cas stiffly but enthusiastically returns. They exchange pleasantries while Dean psyches himself up in the car. When he finally opens the driver side door with a deep exhale, Sam pats Cas on the shoulder and walks into the bar. Dean takes his time approaching the angel, taking in the features that haven’t changed one bit, down to the tearful, radiant smile he directs at the human. “Hello, Dean.”
“Of course,” Sam assures her. In hindsight proposing he kill her wasn’t Dean’s smartest move. “Sorry, this isn’t meant to be a threat, we’re just offering. We owe you.”
would you say that?! Are you trying to jinx us?” Dean is definitely not interested in testing their luck, not when his own clock is ticking.
been paying attention, you know. I apologize for all the sneaking around, but I think once you hear my story you’ll understand why I had to.” Everyone gathers around, Rose taking a moment to greet Flynn and Trevor and shooting a grin to the boys. When everyone’s settled in, she takes a deep breath and begins.
“Dean,” Sam says, put out. “C’mon, that’s not what I meant.”
“Then I don’t come back.” Everyone in the room watching this happen, the family he’s built over decades of life, they all stop in shock. He looks Jack in the eye to avoid the stares from his loved ones. He knows this is desperate, alarming even, but he’s watched everyone else move on the past two weeks and the hole in his heart has only grown with time as he processes just how much he’s actually lost.
“So, before we go any further, I promise not to tell the world who really wrote all your hit songs if you promise not to blow our cover story. Deal?”
“Yeah kid, I’m sure,” he says, taking him in for the last time. He pulls the boy in for a long-overdue hug. “Thanks for everything.”
Florence + the Machine
“Hey, are we ready to go?”
“I know.” Trevor gets up and begins to pace. “It’s one of my deepest regrets. I listened to the wrong people and by the time I came to my senses it was too late to come clean.”
“Yeah?”
“Save it,” Dean cuts in with a wave of his hand. “You had your moment, let me have mine.” Cas flinches and Dean realizes this might not be the best approach. Cas still honestly believes Dean will reject him for his feelings. He sighs and walks up to Cas, pulling him into a hug. Cas freezes before tentatively bringing his arms up to complete the embrace. They just stand there like that for several seconds, or maybe it’s decades; time does work different here, and he realizes only in that moment that he kind of likes the idea of standing here holding him while centuries pass them by. Who’s gonna stop them, Jack?
The reaper doesn’t seem to think this is particularly new information. “Yeah,” they confirm condescendingly. “They travel the wabe backwards. When they die they go straight to the Empty, then if summoned they become ghost-demons of a sort. If they die that way they get reaped like normal but if they finish their business then when they die they become reapers.”
He needs me
“We’re not sure,” Dean answers. “This kid was possessed by
Elton John
Dean inhales as if about to speak, but he actually isn’t sure how he thought he was going to respond to that. Thankfully, he’s rescued from having to find out by the all-too-familiar flap of wings behind him.
“I’m sorry.”
“Your brother let us in,” he says in stilted formality, communicating the ruse. “My partner and I would like to follow up with you on some of those questions from yesterday.”
“We’re all ears.”
“Okay, but Jack said there’s no new Death yet, how can you be sure?”
Alex is quiet for several seconds, and for a moment Dean fears the ability to talk through the phone has passed. But then Alex says, distractedly. “I’ve never actually been here. It’s… it’s weird to see your name on a tombstone.”
—fucking hell, Cas, just get over here before I lose my mind completely.”
Sam turns to him then, and out of the corner of his eye Dean can see his furrowed eyebrows. He’s said too much. His grip on the steering wheel tightens as he braces for Sam using that big brain of his to put two and two together to get a sparkly pink four. Sam’s eyes widen and he goes back to looking out the windshield with feigned nonchalance. Mercifully, he doesn’t seem to have a response (yet), so Dean cranks up the volume to firmly close off this line of discussion.
Carrie stands up. “Is this some kind of sick joke?”
know what the heck I’m doing.”
Sam whips his head around at that, and the fact that it’s such a surprising thing for Dean to say tells him it was definitely the thing to do. Sam laughs and finally stops looking at him with a shake of his head. “Jerk.”
“You’re beautiful,” he whispers in awe, taking in the true form of Castiel for the first time. He didn’t think it possible to love him any more than he already did, didn’t think himself capable of containing that much affection, but it fills the newest crevices as soon as they are created and he knows he made the right decision. He launches himself at Cas with an honest-to-god giggle he knows Sam would never let him live down if he heard it. He pulls Cas close and turns to face Jack again. “Thanks Jack.”
“I’m sorry.” As Willie and Alex start fighting, Luke and Reggie make a run for Caleb. Rose quickly walks Julie through the spell, but not quickly enough. Reggie’s cry is only drowned out by Luke screaming his name. Reggie dissolves into nothing, prompting Luke to redouble his efforts to take Caleb down. Luke, however, is no match for Caleb on his own, and is soon dispatched as well. Dean struggles against his restraints in vain, watching the band dwindle before his eyes. Willie manages to subdue Alex but can’t bring himself to deal the final blow. Caleb takes the decision out of his hands.
Dean shoots Sam a bewildered glare. “That’s your first question? Not, ‘you can just
“Yeah, it was wild,” Jimmy finished, not picking up on how hollow Dean’s voice had gotten. “Man, I haven’t thought about that in years. They used to play here, you know.”
“Carrie!” Julie’s dismay is plain on her face before schooling it into a tight smile. “I didn’t know you’d be here.”
That works for all of twenty minutes before Dean gets frustrated at Sam’s fifth aborted attempt to start a sentence. He pointedly turns the radio off with a sigh. “Just ask it, Sammy.”
“Yeah, okay Dean,” Sam replies from the passenger side, humoring him. “You invited every hunter we know and more than one resident of Hell for
“That’s what we’re hoping to figure out, sir,” Sam responds with his usual tact. “May we come in?”
“We have a surprise for you.”
“Next month!”
Julie and Ray direct them to Malibu from the backseat and already Dean feels like he’s on a movie set. There’s no way real people’s houses are this large and picturesque. He’s surprised he isn’t already being tailed by security politely asking him to leave.
“Yeah, sorry, I heard it as I said it.” Sam flips the demo over and starts reading the back.
“Mome raths,” Flynn repeats incredulously. “Like, in ‘Jabberwocky’?”
“Thanks for talking to us, Julie.” Dean leans against one of the pillars while Julie crosses her arms in front of her chest. “It means a lot to us.”
“He did what now?!” Ray looks back to the kitchen where the kid in question has been placed at the table.
“First of all, called it. Called that shit from a mile away all the way back in elementary school, as did literally everyone we’ve ever met, this was
The man and Sam share a knowing look that Dean really doesn’t like. “Actually it’s more accurate to say he called me. He still has one more fitting, but he told me you were coming in today for measurements.”
“The fabled Winchesters!” Caleb slowly descends the staircase when they all know damn well he could just poof to them. “I’d be flattered if I didn’t have such a bone to pick with you. Now that Heaven and Hell are both under new management, you’ve really thrown a wrench into my little operation here.”
Dean just blinks at him. “Come again?”
“Well congrats then! When’s the gig?”
“Hot damn,” Dean mumbles to Sam. “Girl doesn’t fuck around.”
He was wrong, it can get a lot weirder, which he should know well enough by now not to say shit like that. Julie plays a little melody on the piano and starts singing. Nothing happens during the first verse, but as they hit the chorus, a loud whooshing noise accompanies the sudden appearance of a full band, complete with instruments.
“I dunno, tall, dark hair, about your age, a little younger, talked like some movie villain.”
She turns to look at him curiously. “About what?”
and that’s just one instance where I got so annoyed I timed it. We’re nowhere near your level of gross public displays of sexual tension.”
At that point Dean’s reflexes take over, aiming the shotgun at the ghosts and firing before he can even process that they don’t seem to be an immediate threat or that he’s even seen them do this trick before, albeit not two feet in front of him. Julie screams at the sound and hides behind the piano. The salt sails right through the bassist—Reggie!—and he barely even flickers, more nonplussed at the fact that Dean shot at them than scared, which is never a good sign. “Dude, did you just try to shoot me??! Not cool!”
“Bobby?” the ghosts ask in unison.
She smiles in faint amusement. “Yes, I’m aware.”
“So I don’t get to ask about your cute angel friend?”
Ray looks down at the former vessel. “Isn’t that the boy you’ve been crushing on since—”
“Nick,” Julie calls. “Are you okay?”
“I’ll try.” Sam looks to Dean and must see something in his face, because he moves away from them towards the door. Dean shuffles over to Jack and rubs a hand across the back of his own neck.
“Ding ding ding! Got it in one.”
Alex glares at Reggie in exasperation. “Can you please stop telling people about that?”
The Winchesters are gone by Monday.
The first complication is that not only can Dean and Sam not see Willie, but neither can Julie. “This is trippy,” Julie marvels. “Is this what I look like to y’all when I’m talking to them?”
He…told Sammy about Julien? “Huh. Honestly I think I blocked out most of that. But I mean all we did was kiss, how do you get ‘bi’ out of that?”
“Hello Dean.”
“Oh my god… alright, do your worst. But make it count, this is a one-time offer, then I never want to hear it again, okay?”
Jack nods with a satisfied smile. “I should go. I’m glad we got to see each other again.”
Charlie recovers first. “Right, yes, Kline it is, cool, can do…” Dean for his part can’t stop watching the way Cas’s entire face radiates barely suppressed glee. Maybe it could be just as easy as that. Something they don’t have to talk about, something that’s just an accepted fact of their lives: Cas is the man he’s gonna marry someday. Not where Dean thought his life was headed, but in retrospect, it really was all there in the subtext.
Alex snorted and rolled his eyes. Dean decided to close the gap between them in the booth, a development Alex seemed more than pleased with. “Can you imagine how insufferable they’ll be if it works?”
“Exactly.”
“Sam? Dean?” The hunters turn at Rose’s call. “You joining us? I assume you have questions.”
Dean rolls his eyes with a chuckle. “There you go. You interested?”
Trevor, bemused but also mildly impressed, simply replies “deal.”
“And then maybe I take your hand like this.”
“Yeah, yeah,” he responds, shimmying carefully down the ladder while Alex apparently just poofs down. Show-off. “What’d I miss?”
“Dad!” Julie looks at him scandalized. “Really?”
“Where they’re tortured for eternity with their deepest regrets.” He brushes off Sam’s look of sympathy.
“I’m sorry too,” Dean replies eventually, determined to open once and for all the spaces in his subconscious he used to wish weren’t there. “Sorry I made you think you couldn’t have this.”
Dean settles back into his comfortable mask of unaffected bravado. “Oh yeah, I get around, I’ve been to Heaven, Hell, Purgatory, Death’s library, a few other dimensions for good measure.”
“But you guys are so cute together,” Flynn whines.
“Ooo!” Flynn shouts, raising her hand. “I know this one! It was on our stats exam. Failure bias,” she recites from memory with only slight hesitation, “is a form of selection bias where only those who have failed at a certain measure are included in a dataset, because those who pass aren’t usually observable.”
“Where? There was nothing there, the entire place was just—”
“Goodbye, Dean.” And as Billie breaks down the door, Cas pushes Dean aside and awaits his fate with a smile on his face. The last thing he thinks before he is completely enveloped by the Empty is that he finally understands an idiom he never quite grasped.
“Wow…” Reggie breathes out, appearing before them. Luke and Alex follow quickly behind.
A flash of heat lightning darts across the sky, and about 5 miles past the grooms, it starts to rain. The sun is still freely shining above them. While Charlie goes into Maid of Honor-mode looking over to Sam to see if they should move this inside, Dean shares a smile with Cas. “Looks like he made it after all.” A few seconds later, an unmistakable rainbow starts to form, framing the whole proceedings. Dean lets out a cackle. “That little shit.”
The smile fell from Dean’s mouth almost immediately though he tried to keep it there. Dad had just informed them that morning that he expected the case to be wrapped up by the end of the next week. “Oh, that’s…that’s awesome, I’m sure you guys are gonna rock it.” It struck him then just how foolish this whole thing was. There was a reason Dean always hit it and quit it; his life didn’t really allow for him to get attached. Like he was doing right then. On the other hand, whatever he was doing with Alex would likely be his only opportunity for a while to hook up with a guy, so if that was something he was even remotely interested in, he’d better figure it out quick.
“I needed to keep you safe,” Cas answers, pulling away reluctantly.
“Yeah. Look, I can’t promise you it’ll get better or anything, but if all goes according to plan, once we take down Caleb, she won’t have to hide anymore. It’s better than nothing.”
“And I’m supposing you can’t tell me when?”
To the end, through the last breath that I breathe
Trevor quizzically directs his attention to him. “What do you mean ‘usually’? You’ve seen ghosts before?”
“Well you’re right about that, bring him down here!”
“Guys,” Julie calls insistently. The brothers turn to see that the others have reconvened, Carrie nowhere to be found. They walk over to where the others are now seated.
The Shadow rolls its eyes. “No, he’s not, because for the last time, you’re human.”
Dean will eventually tell Castiel that he should have stopped him, that he forgives him, that he’s sorry. Cas knows he’s more comfortable saying these types of things when there’s no guarantee Cas can hear him, and it’s enough for him to say it like that; he doesn’t make him say it face-to-face. There’s no time and there’s no need. What matters is that Dean is alive, safe in Castiel’s arms again—the rest they can figure out as they go.
“Yeah, pretty much,” he apologizes.
“Great,” Dean snarks. “So we just let our best lead get away. Awesome.”
“It’s adorable that you think I’m ever gonna drop this.”
This is probably just an excuse to kiss him again. Maybe. He’s known the boy long enough to be able to tell when his confidence is exaggerated though, so it’s possible he’s telling himself the same thing. That’s what makes Dean decide to lean over and test the theory.
But that’s all much later; the fact is Dean doesn’t stop him leaving. He just lets him walk out the door, as Castiel knew deep down he would. That’s why he’s doing it in the first place.
“I’ll be able to hear you when you’re ready,” Jack assures him before placing his hands on Dean’s temples. When he opens his eyes, he sees nothing. An overwhelming, absurd, unfathomable nothing. This mortifying absence is where Cas will spend eternity. For the briefest second he panics, wondering just what he’s gotten himself into. He pushes it down like he’s done everything else over the years and focuses on the angel he came to find.
Dean growls, practically already out the door. “Would you just get in the car? We have a case.”
He commits Alex’s grin to memory. “That’s what exes are for.”
Natasha Bedingfield
“No it’s… what can you do, right?”
How could he have missed this?
“Ha, not much to complain about yet, but while I wouldn’t say I haven’t had worse, I also wouldn’t say I haven’t had better.”
Charlie squeals, and he can hear the sound of her hands flailing excitedly against Stevie’s arm. Out of the corner of his eye, he can see his brother frantically grabbing his phone while Eileen stands next to him with a hand over her mouth. But that’s not what he’s focused on; he’s more interested in the way Cas’s adam’s apple bobs in anticipation, the way he watches Dean take his left hand into both of his, eyebrows at maximum height.
The pen doesn’t move for several seconds, but then it adds,
It’s certainly not a traditional look for a wedding, but something about it speaks to him. Besides, scoring a high-end suit for cheap is his true aesthetic. “You know what, screw it, why not?” Maurizio removes it triumphantly from the mannequin and escorts him to the dressing room. When he gets it on, he checks himself out in the mirror and it just looks… correct. Plus, the look of shock on Sammy’s face when he walks out is its own reward.
Dean sighs in frustration. “Man, I dunno, I guess that would explain why he’s got properties of both but when have you ever heard of that happening? Ghosts aren’t usually all there, I don’t really see one having its shit together long enough to do something like that.”
“Ha, as if she could resist this face,” he coos, pinching Sammy’s cheeks.
He halts just short of his target. “Cas? Dude, it’s me, I came to get you out.”
Dean and Sam have a silent conversation with their eyes. The mom is definitely tied up in all this somehow. “Thank you for sharing that, Julie.”
“Aren’t you brothers?”
The pen moves which has him reaching instinctively for a weapon, but he left all of those down on the ground and he reminds himself that Alex isn’t a threat…yet.
The front door opens and a loud, bubbly, slightly annoyed voice calls out, “Dad? I’m home!”
Sam looks at her apologetically, a sentiment Dean echoes; there’s a reason the story of their lives is hundreds of novels long. “Our son, long story.”
“Oh, why?”
“Yeah, I do. Don’t you get it yet? You
“Yeah, he also said we should call up some reapers, but I don’t suppose you have a plan for that?”
Sam looks to Dean before responding. “We’re not sure what to think. We do think it’s too weird to be a coincidence.”
Sam looks at her in confusion before the lightbulb goes off. “Caleb’s a mome rath too.”
Before he and Sam hit the road, Dean manages to catch Rose alone for a moment.
you resented me for going to Stanford. Well get o—”
“Whatever, I don’t suppose they have their own ghost phones?”
“Hello Dean.”
, deserved more than to leave himself completely vulnerable before the man he was evidently so in love with just admitting it out loud was enough to make him happy, and then die. Not just die, but die specifically to save Dean. What do you even say to that?
“What do you wanna do, Dean, burn down the studio?”
“We no longer have the luxury of being resurrected, so I vow instead to spend every day of the rest of my mortal life convincing you that you are worthy of receiving in return the love you have poured into this universe. I vow to stay alongside you through whatever this or any world has in store for us next, to grow and change with you, to share my joys and my sorrows with you, to show you the same immeasurable compassion and faith you have shown me, even when it was unwarranted. I love you, as I have done since I first had the capacity to love. And if you’ll have me, I will continue to love you until the last star has been extinguished and we cease to exist.”
“Not really,” she huffs, moving towards the door anyway. “But thanks.” He nods, following her back inside.
“I’m fine, Cas. Give me a hug so I can get out of your hair while you two talk.”
“It looked like a purple demon, I thought Crowley was the only one with a fun color.”
“Dean, c’mon—”
She looks at them as if just remembering they can’t see or hear them. “Oh, sorry, they’re mourning payphones.”
“I’m insulted by the implication,” Dean deadpans, smirking.
immediately shuts Dean down with a clench of his jaw. “Leave him out of this.”
“Yeah, that was Flynn’s argument too.”
Cas freezes, face suddenly expressionless. “Don’t do this.” It’s a macabre echo of the last thing Dean said to Cas before he came here.
“Come now, Dean,” Caleb simpers. “Did they burn out your sense of artistry when they turned you human again? You know, your demonic reputation precedes you; from what I hear—”
”—he adds with a glare in Dean’s direction—"was thank you for trusting us even when you clearly had no reason to.”
Sam raises an eyebrow. “You trying to get rid of me already?”
we had a CD player in the—”
“Never gonna happen Sammy.”
“And then maybe we lean in closer.”
Alex sucked in a breath, eyes glued to Dean and mind clearly going miles a minute. “I’m pretty sure you’re exactly the type of guy parents warn their kids about.”
Sam looks at him in surprise. “You haven’t seen him yet?”
Usually Dean’s spank bank is populated by models and former girlfriends, but after the fourth day in a row of his kiss with Julien firmly inserting itself into the line-up, he decides they need to address it. “Man, I don’t know what you did, but I can’t get that damn kiss out of my head.”
She stills at the sight of their badges. “Uhhhhhhh… DAD?!!!!”
The car is quiet for a while before Dean clears his throat. “I’m uhh, I’m sorry about your mom.”
It’s not the first time Cas has said it (though it will be the last), but it means something different now; everything has taken on completely new meanings that he can’t even begin to wade through right now, possibly ever. Because if he understood Cas correctly— and there was very little room for interpretation in words like that, however indirect— then all the jokes and snide remarks at their expense, all the knowing looks from their friends and enemies, all the moments Dean tried never to look at too closely: it was all real.
Ray holds her hand and presses a kiss to her temple. “Dahlias were Rose’s favorite. Ironically enough she hated roses.”
Dean forces himself to tamp down the knee-jerk reaction to distrust Jack and remembers his son’s innocent smile of wonder. “Yeah maybe, but he’s also a toddler who’s been God for about five minutes. I’m just saying, nothing in my experience gives me confidence that this can end any way except painfully.”
“Okay, so to recap, we have a demon ghost thing running around possessing people and marking them with some mystery sigil, we’ve got a city full of ghosts just chilling in the veil like it’s no sweat, the Empty’s somehow involved, there’s a Trevor Wilson plagiarism sideplot because why not, and now Julie’s mom is in the mix; did I forget anything?”
“Me and
Dean scoffs. “Oh you mean because you thought you’d never have to actually deal with the consequences of your actions? Dick move, Cas.”
“For the most part. We’re prepared for the first pyre.”
“Yep, and that’s usually the reaction I get, so I’m gonna take that as my cue to leave, could you do me a huge favor and not murder me, please?”
“HA, no,” Dean huffs, “though this one almost was.”
“Well did you ask?” Nope. “Dean—”
Trevor, who had been not-so-subtly looking around for his former bandmates in paranoia, enters the conversation. “I asked her to come,” Trevor apologizes. “I figured if I’m coming clean I might as well do it all at once.”
“It’s about my band.”
“Language.”
“Sam can we sidebar?” Dean and Sam go to stand by the door, keeping an eye on the jamming ghosts to make sure they aren’t eavesdropped on. “You know as well as I do the only things that go to the Empty are angels and demons. And they sure as shit ain’t angels.”
There are times when Dean feels like he’s on a precipice above a cold, deep ocean and any moment someone is going to come up behind him and push him over. He can’t jump voluntarily and never wanted to, but some days it feels inevitable that the water will eventually swallow him whole and he’ll never get back to shore. It’s remarkably similar to the burbling undercurrent of rage the Mark of Cain has given him, but in the opposite direction. One is the uncontrollable urge to kill; the other is the undeniable pull towards… letting himself want something else. Either one would surely be the end of him.
The band onstage was okay, not his genre but they didn’t sound awful. Maybe it was the trip down memory lane, but a sudden thought occurred to him. He called over to the bartender and asked how long she’d worked there. She’d been there about a decade, so he asked if she remembered a band called Sunset Curve that used to play there. “The name sounds familiar,” the bartender, Angela, said. “Why do you ask?”
Before either of them can respond, a familiar outline materializes in Dean’s peripheral vision.
Julie is joined quickly at the door by a silver fox Dean presumes to be her dad, who puts his hands around her shoulders protectively. “Is there a problem, officers?”
During a lull in the action he sidles up next to Julie, who has been watching with resignation. “How you holding up?”
“What?” Julie looks to her mom in fear. “What do you mean, you’re right here! Why would we move on without you?”
“You’re joking. Every time I see this girl she’s wearing a
“Just curious, I saw them last time I was in town, was wondering whatever happened to them. Last I heard they were playing the… what’s it called… the Orpheum.”
“C’mon, let’s go.”
“Sometimes.” He’s got to hand it to her, she’s tougher to crack than he thought. Dean pushes the issue a bit.
“YES.”
“Yo, what gives?!”
“Ohhhh my god, this is amazing! Wait, Luke, say something!”
“Theoretically, yes, though I’d obliterate you if you tried. But you could be green, blue, hot pink, even bloody rainbow if it was your heart’s desire.”
“Who the hell was that?”
She rolls her eyes. “Yeah, I know.” She hesitates a moment before apparently deciding Dean’s someone she can talk to about this. “It’s complicated though. I mean, I’ve had a crush on him forever right? But then the minute he likes me back, I realize I have feelings for Luke.”
“Wait for it…” Sam advises with excitement.
“Are you kidding me right now?! Dad didn’t like me, he needed me. You were his pride and joy, the smart one, the one who got to run away to California and get out of the life—”
Oh. He thinks Dean is just an illusion. That complicates things. “Cas,” he starts slowly, “I don’t know how to prove it, but it’s really me, okay?”
“And she couldn’t tell us that in person?”
“UH, the kind that don’t like being
“Yeah,” he breathes before diving in with abandon. Dean loses all sense of time and space kissing him, completely wrapped up in the tidal wave of fear and longing crashing over him. Since he’s otherwise preoccupied, he registers too late the presence of the worst possible person to find them.
“Yeah,” continues Julie. “His daughter Carrie was friends with us growing up. I’m sure he’ll be more than happy to talk to us given the circumstances.”
Perhaps Castiel should have taken the warnings throughout the millennia more seriously: it is deceptively easy for an angel to fall. Although, he takes an exceedingly small comfort from the fact that he was not the only one. In fact, it has been made very clear to Castiel that he has been woefully unaware of just what intrigues were occurring in Heaven all this time. Between Uriel’s machinations and whatever Zachariah has planned, he has had to question the very foundations of his existence. Is he really serving the will of God? Does any one truly know what that is anymore? Where is He?
Luke throws up his hands. “Seriously? After all that you’re still gonna bust us?”
“Yeah. Oh, wait.” A notebook comes sailing through the room towards Dean. “He wants to talk to you.”
“Really Dean? I’m gone for a month and you get taken out by construction equipment?”
“Dude, it’s… words cannot describe it, I’d have to show you.”
The boys still aren’t back when they arrive at the house, so with demo in hand Sam and Dean return to the motel.
Dean laughed. “Not at all! My dad moves us around a lot for work. I actually just started at your old high school.”
Cas laughs mirthlessly. “Humans can’t get to the Empty, I’m not
“I don’t—"
So Dean does what he always does. He takes those feelings and thoughts and passing fantasies and shoves them so deep into the recesses of his brain that he can forget they were ever there. He protects those he cares about from the biggest threat to their existence: himself.
“Oh, well, Alex trusts you, so I trust you.”
I don't wanna see your face
“Yeah,” he drawls, opening the door wider so Sam and Dean can enter. Julie and another girl are seated at the piano whispering to each other, and next to them are the ghost band, absently jamming to keep themselves on this plane. Ray sits down on the couch next to a boy Dean assumes is Julie’s brother and ruffles his hair. “I hope you know this one is never gonna let me hear the end of this.”
“Hey Cas,” he whispers.
Rowena officiating their wedding brings new meaning to the phrase “a match made in Hell”. They certainly do make an odd collection in the forest just outside the bunker: hunters and werewolves, former ghosts and former demons,
, a now-unlocked compartment of his brain rattles. A normal person would have said “I love you too”, but that word doesn’t mean the same thing anymore, does it? Has he been unintentionally leading him on this entire time? Making him think they could be something... else?
“Whether you want to or not.”
“No, we’re…” Sam tries to assure her before losing steam at the explanation.
Sam shifts in his seat to face him fully. “Why not?” Dean scoffs. “No seriously, now’s your chance, tell me what you need from me, because I don’t know how much clearer I can make it that I literally do not care that you’re bi, nor do I care that you’re so obviously in love with Cas.”
“Yeah, I do,” he replies gently but significantly. “Look, I know you don’t like talking about it, but since you brought it up, I’m just gonna say this and then we never have to mention it again, okay?”
Rose shakes her head and pulls Julie into her tightly. “I guess that’s what I get for raising my girl to be headstrong and independent. Fine, you can come—”
Bloc Party
“No,” Trevor says, eyes averted. “I didn’t even know they died until after the concert. I figured they just got distracted and flaked but then I heard…”
“Okay…”
“What?”
I'll be whispering Julien
“Ya think?” Sam winces in apology. “Look, I get it, okay? I’m acutely aware I make things like this unnecessarily complicated. Hell, I would
While Rose has him distracted, Dean extracts himself from the table and sticks him with the demon blade at the nod of her head. He screams and disappears in a flash, only to draw the reapers’ attention moments later. “Perfect, which means I get to drag you to Hell now. Say goodnight, Caleb.” She grabs his ghostly shoulder and disappears them both, Caleb’s invisible screams echoing after him. The boys rush over to Julie and Willie while Dean checks in with Sam. The girl and her ghosts are locked in a group hug when the brothers approach.
“I hate you so much right now,” he directs at his brother.
Carrie’s steel-cold grimace is positively murderous. “Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you had a monopoly on my dad’s schedule.”
“Aww, but it was just getting to the gay part…”
“You’re sure?”
He nods at Julie and the empty space beside her. They begin playing “My Name is Luke”, to Trevor’s instant mortification. His pallor only increases when the ghosts poof in and he’s confronted by their actual presence before him. After they’ve finished, Trevor turns to Carrie, who’s even more confused than she was before. “I don’t understand.”
“I’m sorry. I wish I didn’t have to burden you with that, but there wasn’t any other—”
“Sunset Curve?”
What? “I think I’d remember that.”
The lightbulb went on above her head and she frowned. “Oh wait, yeah, aren’t those the guys that all got food poisoning right before their big concert?”
(When Sam gets to Heaven, much later, he informs Dean that “Mystery Boy” became a minor hit and strangers in the 2060s are still singing about him. He’d had enough of fame with Chuck’s accursed novels, but being immortalized in song by people he knew feels slightly more palatable. Sam’s running joke every time it would play, “sounds like Cas and Dean are boinking again,” is less well-received, but, hey, he probably wasn’t wrong.)
“What’ll you do instead?”
If he found that a weird thing for Dean to know, seeing as he never actually mentioned that his date knew them, Alex didn’t let it show. “No way! My condolences.”
“Oh believe me, I am. But
“Couldn’t get enough, huh?”
Carlos salutes then pulls Nick up to his feet. “C’mon dude, time for some Ghosts 101.”
Only when he sees the wetness of Cas’s face does he register his own tears. He laughs, and then Cas laughs, and when they kiss, it’s complicated by the fact that they can’t seem to stop smiling.
The angel looks around nervously. “Well this is embarrassing.”
Dean groans. “I’m guessing there’s no way we can just call up Rowena and ask if Crowley told her how he did it?”
“Nothing.”
“Yeah no shit, Sherlock, I don’t know if you noticed, but I ain’t exactly a paragon of emotional availability.” Dean takes a deep breath to center himself. “Look, I should have said something years ago, but I didn’t, so I’m saying it now. We’re real.”
A few moments later, they are joined by a harried-looking twentysomething who could easily be a stereotypical librarian with thirteen cats if it weren’t for their turquoise hair, neatly braided in a tight bun.
“Also, not that it’s any of my business in the slightest, but at least Nick’s still on his first go-around, so that’s one more point for him.”
“Well think about it,” Sam continues. “So demons are just human souls corrupted by Hell, right?”
“I’m sorry, what?”
“But now you’re saying you plagiarized your entire career, and you’re blaming it on ghosts?? What is this?”
The Righteous Brothers
Julie gestures to the couch. “You should probably sit down.” The five of them take a seat, and then all eyes are on Julie waiting for her to get the ball rolling. “Okay, Julie,” she mutters to herself, though not very quietly. “You can do this.” She takes a deep breath and looks at Trevor. “Okay, so I think it’s pretty obvious at this point that my band isn’t actually Swedish holograms.”
Dean knocks the pen out of his ghost hand. “Shut up—you died, became some undead spirit thing, and still managed to find a boyfriend?”
“Huh.”
“Hi there.” Alex did a literal spit take when he looked up to see Dean placing the drink he was tasked with next to the others. The guys cracked up as Dean looked down at his now-damp clothing. “Well, looks like I’m all ready for the wet t-shirt contest.”
