“The Great Western Railway is not that impressed with the Newlyn route”, I said. “They have told me that they will discontinue it if it does not pick up soon.”
I looked out of the nearby window to the trees beyond and suppressed a smile. I could see where this story was going now.
The son of Muriel and Randall Holmes, later adopted by the latter who was his natural father. A waste of space, he betrayed the country in 1918 during the final German offensive in the Great War and was shot after having been captured while fleeing to Germany.
“That is business”, I said. “These documents state that this woman is seeking a divorce from her husband and waives her claim to everything except custody of her children.”
But they say no Heaven (except the real one) is perfect, and there was one black cloud looming over us. Our two cottages were at the end of a row of six, and although three of the other sets of occupants got on well with us, the fourth, a sneering fogman called Geoff Bowen who always scowled whenever he saw us. And when Ted (the Belford stationmaster) pulled us over one day to tell us that Bowen had been making what he called 'hinsinuations' about us, I was worried.
“It cannot be Blaze”, he said warily. Like me he had a high regard for the silent behemoth who had married the lady unfortunate enough to have had my brother Mycroft as her first husband, a mistake that Blaze and I had eventually managed to help her rectify.
1918. The war finally ends – but not before someone discovers a not insignificant truth and confronts John over it.
“We shall go to see Mr. Creighton Dallas first”, Sherlock said some little time later, “since we can work round the three sides of the field afterwards and finish by the halt.”
“Sherrinford sent me a telegram from his new home in the United States”, Sherlock explained later. “I did not want to say anything directly because your brother is, for all his fine qualities, a little fatalistic. He might well have felt that he was changing history by not being on that train.”
What was left of my nephew limped over to his chair and smiled gratefully at his sort-of relative who helped lower him, even if he did yelp once he was down. He glazed unfocussedly at me before pulling himself together.
– at the local garage and found myself increasingly drawn to them, rather liking the idea of being able to drive up and down the steep hill on which our cottage lay rather than having to haul my tired muscles along it – especially after Sherlock had been more thorough than usual! Although the villagers knew full well that when I smiled like that, for their own sanity of nothing else they did
“Deduction”, Sherlock said crisply. “He knew of us and our connection to his grandfather, so he would have known that the doctor in particular could have helped him achieve his aims more easily. Yet he chose not to take up that option. I take it that he is.... around the back?”
After a gloriously sunny afternoon and some serious making-out on the river-bank we returned to the village. To my surprise Sherlock insisted on dropping the car off at the garage where Kent, one of the blacksmith's boys, was waiting in the garage car to give us a lift home. I wondered what this was all about, the muscular young fellow's smirk not helping, and wondered even more when Sherlock insisted on blindfolding me on the way back to the cottage.
“Yes, the Sergeant-Major Bryn Jones in charge of the regiment when young Private Scott McCall decided to abscond”, he said ruefully. “The general came to see Father when he got to London yesterday; naturally being the thug that he is he commented on certain lifestyle choices and was forcibly thrown out by Colt. He can get angry when provoked, for all that he is such a big softie around his 'Cuddle Bunny'.”
I had promised to buy the light of my life half a pound of barley-sugar at the shops; how he kept his teeth so perfect with the amount of the stuff he got through a week, heaven only knew! As I put my hand on the door to enter the little sweet-shop I heard the sound of something approaching from the distant main road. Probably another victim of modern technology who had thought that he could trust his vehicle, I thought with a smile as I went inside.
The lady nodded and opened the register, leafing quickly through it until she found what she was looking for.
“Of course”, he said. “It is important that he knows as soon as possible. Thank you for coming to tell me.”
“Not forgetting the cakes for Miss St. Leger for the hire of several of her most menacing and terrifying trained killers”, Mr. Holmes smiled. “Your brother now feels truly valued, sir, and we must endeavour to keep it that way.”
“None of your own guests have been behaving at all strangely?” Sherlock asked. Mrs. Malone shook her head.
“We love him so much”, Mr. Lannister smiled, toying with his lover's hair. “It is difficult when we both want... you know.”
Sir Edward Holmes had died the month before and Sherlock had found the funeral particularly painful. Worse, the baronet's will had only added fuel to the fire. The entire Holmes wealth was to be run by a trust for the remainder of Lady Holmes's life with an income for her, and once she passed it was to split into seven parts. Six were to be run by and for Carlyon, Guilford, Randall, Sherlock their sister Anna and Mr. Lucifer Garrick, while the seventh would be split equally between Mycroft Holmes, four of his five daughters (even Lady Holmes had finally had enough of the impossible Charlotte) and Tantalus Holmes.
“It is very bad”, he said. “I do not like to say, it but I can see no way that Mr. Leeds cannot be guilty despite what he says. However I have read the doctor's books and I know of your ability to produce miracles from time to time. One is certainly needed now!”
“Fray is wonderful with his namesake”, our visitor smiled. “He gets all mushy and dewy-eyed when the boy calls him Grandfather, although when I did the same after he had left the other week, I most definitely lived to regret it! He said that real men do not cry, even though he had me in tears. He sprained his ankle last Thursday – yes, because of that – so he could not come with me. I was almost relieved at the rest, until he and Chummy somehow managed to arrange for the boys to all have two days off from the station so that all four or them could all come with me. They are all waiting for me back at the hotel; I can only hope my 'can-do' cousin has taken their edge off, so to speak.”
He strode across the field to the stone but passed it and instead went to the scarecrow. I stared at him in confusion then he reached inside the thing's coat and pulled something out. It was a bullet.
In the meantime I had Vic and our own hillside cottage, although if I ever find out which smart-arse up here decided to put the name 'Hill Cottage' (the original name of Sherlock's place before it became 'Elementary') on the front, then wings or no wings I am going to deck them! Vic of course found it hilarious – being dead does not seem to have improved his so-called sense of humour, worse luck! - so I took him inside and then fucked him repeatedly until he stopped smirking. Which he eventually did.
“My friends can get access to all sorts of things”, I said. “For example, they recently gained access to some rather interesting blood test results of
“What are they claiming that he has done?” I asked brusquely. Our visitor raised an eyebrow at my tone but did not comment on it.
“I should have been with him”, I said, “but I am delayed here for a rather important case although it will definitely be concluded by next Monday. I am awaiting news before I may or may not have to do something, so I have some time free. Is it anything that I could help you with?”
“You see, sir”, I said, “I admit that my knowledge of military matters is poor. But my knowledge of human nature does somewhat remedy that deficiency. I find it frankly incredible that any soldier could slip out of a barracks undetected and just disappear –
“A dual door, one that splits and opens downwards dropping him onto a large feather mattress”, he said. “There are footmarks on the stage; you cannot see those from the audience of course but unless someone stands
“Our constitutional monarchy depends on popular support”, Sherlock pointed out. “If she does divorce her husband or I suppose we should still say if he divorces her, then I do not believe that many people would stand for her as Queen-Empress. Which would force him into a choice; her or the throne.”
The constable had if anything understated matters; Miss Charlotte Dallas refused point blank to allow anyone to look at her father’s body. At least until Sherlock started on her.
Mr. Anthony Hall stared in surprise as Sherlock swept into his office with me behind him, not at all distracted by the fact that the door we went through looked very like the one on a certain beach-house.......
I smiled over what remained of my own meal. Thirty years since we had first met far too many moons ago in Oxford. His impossible hair was flecked with grey now but it only made him look even more distinguished. It was as untidy as ever although that was more probably due to….
“You are terrible, the pair of you!” Ivan sighed. “Anne and I shall want extra babysitting sessions for this!”
If I mentioned how lucky my relatives were with their randy younger lovers and that we really should have Benji and Danny down to the cottage one day, then I enjoyed John's desperate efforts to try to 'persuade' me out of it! He may have been panting like Stephenson's 'Rocket' afterwards, but of course I was too kind to remark on it. I did not even smirk.
“When you went to Scotland”, I said. “I kept going by sleeping with one of your shirts out of the laundry-basket. This time I took that woollen monstrosity knowing that you sweat when wearing it. It… kept me going. You know.”
“My name is Mr. Sherlock Holmes”, Sherlock smiled, “and this is my friend, Doctor John Watson. We are here about Mr. LeStrade.”
The following afternoon I had to go in and pick the jumper up – so of course bloody Lazarus had recovered and wanted to go with me! God bless Mrs. Smith when she met us in the High Street that she said nothing about it, although heaven only knows what she thought I was playing at! Sherlock remained glued to my side and I reached home feeling slightly depressed that I had been unable to retrieve the thing.
“Yes”, I said, “but it is a couple of miles from the centre of the village. You know what station names are like, often far from the places that they purport to serve. The service probably also provides for those who need to come into Penzance and shop; even with one horse-power it is better than walking especially if one is to be returning with bags of shopping.”
So I'd arranged for Ned to come round and 'talk' to me. I'd a feeling that this would be one of the most difficult conversations of my young life, so I'd decided to help things along a bit by opening the door to him wearing my kit.
He pouted, which was damnably unfair of him given the circumstances. He knew full well what that made me want to do with him, and my eagerness to solve this case rose still further. Like something else; mercifully I had worn the looser trousers for once.
“Grandpapa sort of said that I had to be Gable rather than a Cooper when I come of age if I wanted to ever inherit anything”, he said. “He cannot make me change my name but I would do it to oblige him as he is a decent fellow, even if he did insist on a private tutor for me. I disagree with my uncle on most things but we are united in stopping that witch from taking advantage of a fine old gentleman!”
“She has been openly seeing a Hungarian businessman”, Sherlock said slowly, “which is why she had drawn my brother’s attention. I am sorry John, but it has been going on for some little time. It may be even that the child she is now carrying…..”
I deserved every hurt, every ache and every pain as I watched my poor, unhappy brother admit how worthless he had been feeling of late. I had been responsible for bringing him into my family, but I had gone and abandoned him. I was such a heel!
“The train that I am concerned with would have been the first one from here to Derby on a Sunday morning”, Sherlock said.
A sampler. A small thing about two foot by one, and of only average quality. But it was what was on it that had caused my love's reaction. On one side there was a cup of coffee, a barley-sugar and a rasher of bacon, while on the other there was a doctor's bag – very definitely my own as it had my monogram on it – three bars of chocolate and, rather oddly, a magazine and an open newspaper. And in the middle with bees buzzing around them, a single word in pastel rainbow colours:
The next day I found out the reason for the gift. There had been a terrible railway accident at a place called Quintinshill† just over the Border and only a couple of miles from where we had solved the case of Bad Baron Dowson in Gretna. Over two hundred people dead, mostly soldiers as one of the trains had been a troops special. And the disaster had involved the very train that Stevie would have been taking back North – except his transfer from the Glasgow to the Edinburgh sleeper had meant that he had passed through the scene of the disaster just ten minutes before the worst railway accident in British history had occurred there!
The previous week a newspaper down in Alresford had done an article about the return of our brave men, and had included some speculation as to the young man before us. Unfortunately this had been picked up by the London newspapers who did not like Ivan's father. But then there was a long list of things not to like.
“Mind the tree”, Sherlock said reprovingly as our great-nephew turned sharply by the 'over-decorated over-burdened spider-infested fire-hazard' (his words) in the corner of the room. The young man glared at us both then stormed upstairs, huffing as he went.
Unfortunately for my love's rabid acrophobia we were destined to see rather more of the new technology than he would have hoped. Barely days into the flights and my cousin Luke had been asked to look into 'something strange'. Said soon to be ex-relative sent me a couriered letter pleading for me to step in as he, Benji, Carl and Danny had gone for a week in the country and Luke had 'had an accident that he really did not wish to have to explain to his superiors'. Even without Benji's 'he slipped when getting up too soon after getting up' I could visualize what had happened.  Much as I did not want to!
“He left last night for the train to Castle Douglas that connects to the west”, he said. “He was definitely gone before all this went down though; Mr. Parker the stationmaster saw him make the Portpatrick train. I telegraphed the ferry offices and they had no booking in his name, though of course he could just turn up and buy a ticket. ”
I managed to give Lion some quick lessons in handling a weapon over the next few stops; fortunately we had a compartment to ourselves otherwise we would surely have attracted some attention for that. We had reached Stratford before we encountered any trouble. I looked out of the window once the train had come to a stop and quickly pulled back in.
“Lord Fleet is a great admirer of your literature, doctor”, the vicar said earnestly. “I was hoping that you might talk to him and persuade him to at least grant access across the land on a set path. The villagers are being led in their opposition by the owner of the tavern, Mr. Alan Dallas, and he is determined to ‘push back the local nob’, as he rather bluntly puts it.”
I did not believe those last three words at all. And before you say it, I was about to be proven right in my cynicism!
Tempting though that prospect was – it had been two whole days without sex even if it felt like two whole years – I would not give my brother the satisfaction of a success this late in our relationship. He was already grinding his teeth after Mother had said what she would do to him if anyone ever found out where our cottage was. It had been quite bad of John to suggest writing her an anonymous letter from someone claiming to have heard it from him.
of consequences. Not just the ruination of your business which I suppose might be considered of some small import, but death and panic on an unimaginable scale.”
The prolonged blow-job I gave him may or may not have been a factor in that perfect understanding. Just possibly. He was certainly in no fit state to manage the stairs down to breakfast – I had to take him a plate up – let alone leaving our inn! At least I very generously helped him by removing all the bacon from that plate, otherwise he would never have managed it.
“I understand that Lord Fleet has made you an offer to purchase this cottage”, he said. “May I inquire as to what your intentions are in that direction?”
“He offered to take me out on his boat tomorrow”, I said idly, silently enjoying the murderous look that that remark elicited. “I would not of course ask you to come; we know how easily you get sea-sick. He very generously said that he would show me how to land a
While my own sleeping beauty was recovering from all his exertions I had a visitor. Our friend Ginger, who was still working nearby but had recently managed (with a little help) to obtain a new and better house for his growing family. He was as I have said before he was now partly in charge of Swordland's with my friend Miss St. Leger what she called 'horizontally engaged' with Mr. Zeuson in her new East Suffolk home. Honestly, some people these days thought of nothing but sex!
Sherlock sniggered and I tried to control a smirk of my own; we both heard Nick's guffaw as he made his escape. Our visitor had a point I supposed, but when Sherlock had come into the study wearing both the Waistcoat and Glasses – well, what with the happy news from that morning and him looking like sex personified, what else was a fellow to do? And the headmaster had been laughing as he had banned us although his secretary had looked scandalized (not enough to prevent her simpering at someone who was old enough to be her grandfather and who was not me, I had noted sourly).
“You said that you would see me again one day....” I began before slowly (far too slowly even given the circumstances) I got it.
It was a Monday when I finally got down to the village which I knew was when the other lady who took in washing, Mrs. Smith, did her laundry. I dropped the jumper off with her and explained that it was one of Sherlock’s favourites and could she get it cleaned as soon as possible? I am sure that she wondered why I had not given it to Mrs. Whitlow (the reason was because that woman could gossip for England and I was afraid she might let something slip), but Mrs. Smith smiled and took it. It seemed that I was going to get away with it.
“I know”, he said grimly. “But proving it depends on whether the next witness that I question can provide me with the evidence.”
“One of the top assassins in this country, who we had thought safely on holiday visiting a friend in Germany”, he said grimly. “Our job has become that much harder. So we shall just have to change the rules of the game to suit us.”
“The play is not that bad”, Sherlock said comfortingly once we were in the cab on the very bumpy road to the theatre. “Look what you grew up into.”
Into my bedroom next, and Sherlock all but threw me into the bed, my now tired cock flagging at all the effort. At least I was still loose enough to take him without any further preparation and he thrust in easily, reaching round and gently massaging my cock without trying to force another orgasm out of me. Yet despite my tiredness, I still managed a few feeble spurts as he drove hard inside me and this time he did come, grabbing me hard as he rode through a sudden orgasm.
He hesitated, seemingly finding the ground underneath his boots fascinating. This was really unlike him.
He sat me on the side of the bath while he ran the hot water and soon he had me nestling against him under the bubbles and steamy water, thankful that my shattered muscles were being supported by the water. It did not last long and we were interrupted by the sound of the bell.
I may have only been fifteen years old but I was almost a man, and no way was I going to stand for any of that thing when it came to my own kin. Even if it came
“I see”, I said. “Well, since you are John’s friend I will do what I can with the case in my remaining few days in the capital. But do not hope for miracles, sir.”
“An excellent idea”, Muriel agreed. “I read that and it quite inspired me. By the time he has finished that I should have my own next work done as well.”
“Ironically however it was that very cover-up which proved their undoing. Such was the force of the bullet that it passed clean through the victim and ended up embedded in the scarecrow, leaving only a slight mark on the fellow's tattered coat to betray its passing. The murderers' hurried search for it was therefore fruitless and they had to leave the area.”
1912. Absence does not, for some reason, make the heart grow fonder for some people – and John finds that things can get even worse in some areas.
“All things are possible if one tries hard enough”, I grinned. “Talking of hard, let us look forward to this evening and that wonderful new unguent that came down from London the other day.”
“Highly impractical”, Sherlock said, turning to the constable. “Why is there a scarecrow? Its presence seems somewhat unnecessary.”
“You have met Blaze, Hedrek and Jago”, he said, “so you know by now that we Trevelyans are a mixed bunch. I have one other brother, Kenal, and a younger sister, Mona. She stayed in Cornwall and married a Mr. James Penmarrick, a bit of a dolt but a decent enough fellow for a lawyer. They both live in Penzance where his business is but his eldest son, my nephew Day, lives in Mousehole – spelled 'mouse-hole' but that is Cornish for you – a village some miles south of the town, and he is in this campaign group about the new omnibus service that the Great Western Railway is starting up.”
During the interlude I used the gentlemen's toilets and returned to find a note from Sherlock saying that he had been called away. I sighed and waited for my humiliation to resume.
If Miss Holston Radley-Barnham made a less than favourable impression, then the same could not be said of her friend upon whom we waited the following day. Miss Elizabeth Woodhouse was clearly mortified when she understood why we were there, and it took all of Sherlock's persuasive abilities to calm her down.
The bastard only gave his grandson the key to all five of our play-boxes, even the Gold one! No wonder poor Tantalus was out like a light when we came back, something as certain as the strut that a certain someone had inherited from a grandfather of his who.... who was looking suspiciously at me.
“Never again!” Mr. Blackwater muttered, smiling crookedly up at Mr. Lannister. “At least not until I am fully recovered.”
“It was easy in the end, sir”, he said. “Once we knew he had to have gone to Mr. Patterson's house from the scene of the crime some way, we found plenty of witnesses. How did you know, though?”
“Let us hope that the consequences are rather less grave!” Sherlock smiled. “Did you have any luck with tracing that money?”
He blushed prettily and I saw the distant smoke of the approaching train. I worried for a few moments but then I saw a carriage drawing quickly into the station forecourt. The train duly arrived and we got on; just as the guard was ready to depart a sharp-faced woman in a black dress hurried out of the ticket-office and boarded a ladies' compartment in the middle of the train. A second-class one, I noted, even if her dress very clearly denoted first. I smiled and sat back, thinking it a pity that we had no time for.... that.
“Those damn suffragettes are at it again!” I groused. “All right, they may have helped rid us of the odd bigoted sibling of yours but now they have gone and disrupted the State Opening of Parliament. Why can they not understand that such actions do their cause more harm than good?”
It took me a moment to process that, but when I did it seemed impossible. That rare malady, known colloquially as Royal Bed Disease, sometimes struck the sons of families who had intermarried too closely, such as first cousins marrying each other. But how..... oh no.
The subject of our conversation came in from the garden at that moment, holding what looked like a display plaque. Then he turned it around – and I so, so wished to be a thousand miles away!
He knelt at the end of the bed and reached for my entrance, then grinned. The base of the vibrator was there.
“I doubt there is any power on earth that would stop that, sergeant”, Sherlock said. “I hope an examination of the bodies will yield some clues although I do have a good idea as to what happened. But let us not get ahead of ourselves. We shall see what we shall see.”
All three men nodded. I was beginning to know how John said he sometimes felt, all at sea. He turned to me.
A Surrey nobleman at the medieval re-enactment in Reigate. He was killed in error by Mr. Jacob Rawlinson, who had coated the inside of the gloves of his own father who was threatening to disinherit him; unfortunately Mr. Rawlinson Senior loaned the nobleman his gloves instead of wearing them.
“But something has happened to prevent that”, Sherlock said shrewdly, “or make it less likely and to the detriment of Lord Thomas, otherwise you would not both be here today. What was it?”
“Next week against Berwick”, Mr. James Forthright said. “Coach said he won't pick Ned after what happened.”
A clearly nervous servant was edging towards him bearing a covered dish, which he placed on the table next to the throne before disappearing with impressive speed. The sheikh eyed the dish then smiled knowingly and removed the cover to reveal a heavily decorated platter of what looked like..... I really,
Sherlock smirked at me again and I blushed deeply. Hell I was behaving like a maiden who was about to lose her virtue for the first time. Which was about as far from the truth as that mysterious giant planet that they were still looking for out beyond Neptune.
“I do not know why we came down here!” he grumbled as we relaxed after a light meal at a quayside tavern. “Especially with another damn leering Cornish fisherman on hand.”
She opened her case and extracted a large box of fudge which she handed over to him, and which he passed onto me. I took it and Miss Kelley then handed him her bag from which he took an identical box.
“I do not think so”, our host said. “Third or fourth, as far as I know. Their mothers are good friends though.”
“He's wrong in the eyes of God”, said someone who stole from the pantry when he could. “He's a sinner, dad. We all know that Grandfather Fraser fucks him like a girl.”
I might well be investigating my own murder from beyond the grave from the look he was giving me just now!
One extremely annoyed great-nephew stormed into the cottage in a very obviously unhappy mood. Although to be fair he may have had some cause.
“The first concerns your sacking of five men at one of my mines for their participation in the recent General Strike.”
“Thank you, sir”, he said. “It is..... well, I think my mother might be all right with this but my father... he would not know what to make of it, and I am sure that people back home would tease him about it if they found out!”
“So you went to talk to your father about this, then?” I asked, relaxing a little. He shook his head.
I woke at just before five the following morning and decided that enough was enough. I had promised to remain in London until Monday and Monday was now here, albeit just. I washed and shaved quickly, then raced downstairs. To my surprise Mrs. Rockland, never usually an early riser, was up and standing by the door holding a paper bag.
Sherlock looked at him suspiciously, but apparently despite the lack of any blood connection his nephew had mastered the innocent look that I knew so well and did not believe for one single moment.
Summer arrived and my son Ivan's wife Anne gave birth to a daughter, named after her mother and making me an unrecognised grandfather for a third time. Sigh. But at least I had a lot of manly embracing, if only because Sherlock likes that sort of thing.
. That was the other question that I asked Mr. Cowper. A very observant fellow, he recalled being surprised that he had had
“Miss Woodhouse?” the lieutenant asked, confused. “Is she the friend of that harridan who descended on me in London that time?”
It was only a few minutes past ten when we arrived and I was relieved as we approached that there was no sight of an aeroplane, which I surely would have been able to hear had it taken off on time. Rather than go to Captain Henderson's office we went straight to the hangar where we found...
I visited poor Lion in the sanatorium every day for the next week, despite his protests. At first he did not want to eat but Mother soon persuaded him out of that and by the end of his first week he looked a little better, unless that was just my wishful thinking. Or more likely my guilty conscience; I had slept little myself. I discussed various trivial news items with him during my time there and made sure to mention that Mr. Holmes was having problems with a major crime syndicate, although I did not know any details.
All right, my fifth. It was not as if I could marry the coffee-machine; as I had so amply demonstrated when John had said that he could do at least some things that the machine most definitely could not. Although with the ever onwards march of technology, who knew what they could come up with in the future? A robotic lover that could then help you recover with instant coffee and bacon.... you never knew with technology going the way it was.
“I have made some inquiries already into your recent 'bruising' match”, I told him, not failing to note that he looked a little alarmed at that, “and am curious about one thing. Mr. Bassett-Evans said that he caught you looking at the Forthright brothers the other week. Was that true?”
“I promise that I will call on your grandfather some time tomorrow morning”, I said. “Not too early as that would be discourteous; I shall time my visit to around eleven.”
We both stared at him, waiting to see how long it would take for him to get it. Of course he did not.
“I do not wish to add to your distress, madam”, he said in the sort of tone which I had used myself far too often on patients and knew full well meant ‘I am about to add to your distress’, “but in fairness I must point out that your father was clearly trespassing when he was shot. Of course I would not expect Lord Fleet to wish for you to suffer any further grief than you already have done, but we must consider that a crime has taken place on his property and that he therefore has an interest.”
I did not, but the look on my father's face suggested that in fact I did. Like in the next five seconds.
We had been due to travel back to London on the evening of Saturday the second (the night sleeper, although I did not plan on sleeping much!), but on New Year’s Day a friend of Stevie’s called, hoping to persuade him to help elicit our aid. He could not believe his luck that we were actually there in the house. Neither could I, if for slightly different reasons!
John had had a narrow escape with his nephew Jack at the start of this seemingly endless war of mud and vile human behaviour, and I knew that he also feared for his son Ivan who had only not signed up because his wife Anne was expecting. When she sadly miscarried that August he told John of his resolution to join up by the end of the year. My love asked me if I could help with the young fellow's wish to join the campaign against the treacherous Ottoman Empire in the Holy Land (despite all the British had done for them against the Russian menace over the years, they had still gone and stabbed us in the back at the worst possible time) and, recognizing this as a considerably less dangerous theatre than the Western Front, I had obliged. John had cried when he received the letter of thanks which told him that his son was on his way to war, especially as he now knew that his disinherited nephew 'Heinrich' would be fighting somewhere on the other side but in the European theatre.
In our many cases together it was often the small things that tripped a criminal up and allowed Sherlock to bring justice upon them. So it was with me in this instance, and I only realized my mistake the following Thursday when Mrs. Whitlow returned with all Sherlock's washing. The excellent woman did not even raise an eyebrow at the rather large load of both our clothes and bedding that she took away in its place.
As I have said many times before I would not have been Doctor John Watson, M.D. (retired) had I not had strong doubts as to whether Sherlock would truly be able to stay with me to our little cottage in the country. I fully expected some major drama to drag him back to London within weeks if not days and although I tried not to express these fears he must surely have known because he knew me so well. There may or may not have been rather more manly embracing than usual in our first few weeks in our new home but there was definitely none of that thing that started with the third letter of the alphabet and rhymed with huddling.
it. I reminded Sherlock of the first time that I had taken him outside the light-house on Futility Island, and since this place was so isolated we decided to re-enact that memorable and happy scene (my love's lock-picking skills were as good as ever, thankfully). We had a good time in Eastbourne (even if we got knowing looks from our former landlady and her husband on our arrival; they knew us well!), and took the same route back. With the same stop.
“I am afraid that that was why he chose the site in the first place”, my nephew said. “He is also a vicious anti-Semite and is always claiming that my people are trying to rule the world. The lease on the flat  has nearly a year still to run, and I am not sure that I can hold out that long with things the way they are. Worse, my own boys despite their tender ages are spoiling to get involved – my eldest and namesake has only just turned ten, as you know – and only the fact that their mother rules them with an iron fist is holding them back.”
“Really?” she smiled. “Then who was it that I saw was standing in front of the bathroom mirror reciting lines from 'Macbeth' the other day?”
He discovered his cashiered father's body on the boat back to England after the latter had committed suicide, and very publicly swore revenge on the men responsible. He murdered Colonels Morris and Mallow, but not Colonel Fairfax who had written to him about his speaking in his father's defence at the court-martial. Stevens was framed when Constables Smith and Turlow killed Fairfax because they knew that capturing a killer would advance their careers. and went to the gallows protesting his innocence over that. Sherlock and John allowed him to die because of his guilt in the other murders where the cases against him were unprovable.
I looked down into the little dean and the village below us and sighed. Anne had called earlier that day; Ivan was having nightmares most nights but otherwise was doing better than I had expected given some of the horror stories that I had read about returning soldiers elsewhere. Much as I did not feel it, I knew that we had been extremely fortunate.
“I made it clear that fifty was as far as I was prepared to go”, Sherlock said firmly. “Apart from two small familiar matters and, of course, a certain affair involving laundry items, I have kept to that.”
“Well, I could probably tell you, sir”, he said. “The conductors they work the same route week after week, so if you know the train I can say who was on it easily enough. But you'd then have to go and ask them if they stuck to their schedule; sometimes they change with illnesses and the like. Though if you're well enough to breathe you're well enough to work, that's my view!”
“The man playing me is a Mr. Benedict Cumberbatch”, Sherlock whispered, “one of the top actors of his generation. He is rather good I must say. Yours is a young fellow called Mr. Martin Freeman. His portrayal of you is.... interesting.”
I honestly feared that she was about to start crying. We seemed to have gone from one end of the female spectrum to the other. Men were far more emotionally steady, thank the Lord.
I looked up in surprise at my beloved John. He really should have known better than to start reciting poetry at me before my second cup of coffee of a morning.
Sherlock left on a Thursday afternoon, October the twenty-fifth, to go to London for the night sleeper to Glasgow; I remember that the weather was grey and gloomy, not unlike my mood. The wedding itself was on Saturday morning so he would not be back until the middle of Sunday at the earliest, more likely Monday. It was barely half a week and I was glad that he was going as he had looked so happy when I had given him my blessing, but I had underestimated how utterly lonely I would feel. In between some manly sniffing I ended up taking one of his dirty shirts out of the laundry-basket and sleeping with it, so that at least I had his scent with me until he returned. I little knew how soon that small act would come back to bite me with a vengeance.
Mr. Day Penmarrick's cottage was ideally placed, within easy walking distance of the village yet set on a small headland with a screen of trees that gave it privacy (he had very obligingly moved into rooms at the local tavern, where he was dating the landlord's daughter). The following day we walked down to the village to meet the first omnibus of the day, and saw an unimpressive one passenger alight. At least there was a one hundred per cent increase in the number of people going the other way!
Hence my position today, standing outside the late Lady Hawke's London flat with a sheaf of notes from her companion Miss Eleanor Clerihew. The lady had been quiet but determined, and had explained that as per usual my worst fears were indeed one hundred per cent accurate. She had been handed the documents by the late Lady Alice but had been ordered not to hand them over or even reveal their existence until she herself was assured of a new place. Fortunately when I mentioned my link to Sherlock the lady softened her opposition and agreed to let me have the documents.
“Mr. Leeds explained to me that they had just overcome one of the major obstacles in making the design feasible for mass production”, he said. “Only one, and they had several more to go, but it would make any test vehicle considerably more efficient. He is remarkably adept at what I would call putting mechanics into plain English; he said that once they can get a few vehicles out onto the roads and used by those rich enough to afford them, then there will be what he called a 'domino effect' as the cars get better and cheaper so people lower down the social scale can afford them, which.... you see how it should go.”
“Mr. Cumberbatch was on holiday in the White Rose County”, the fellow said, “and being a 'Johnlock' fan like myself he saw the play being advertised so decided to see what it was like. He asked the writers for a script and of course they said yes, though I do not yet know what they will make of our changes.”
An terminally ill elderly lady who unexpectedly inherited the family wealth, and spent the lot on a year being cared for by the Selkirk twins and some high living. That included them doing the housework naked and stripping for bed in front of the fire every evening while she watched. One evening it finally proved too much, but at least she went out with a smile on her face!
The Continent was still a mess with the Balkan Wars having ended and, naturally, no-one having been happy with the resultant peace treaty. Then there were the ongoing troubles over Ireland with the Commons trying to pass Home Rule and the Lords repeatedly blocking it. What with one thing and another I was glad that Sherlock and I were away from it all in our own little corner of England.
“The disease can”, he said. “The social ramifications are something else; poor Harry will be blown away. He and his late wife had drifted apart – none of their children had liked her if truth be told – but this takes the whole damn biscuit factory!”
I glared at the clock on the wall which I was sure had stopped. Danny, my insanely sex-mad lover, had insisted that we had to stay at this ghastly charity ball at least until ten, and only then could we go home and he might –
I smiled. I understood the royal reference now; the public had come to love the Danish-born queen for the blind eye she turned to her husband’s all too frequent dalliances.
“Not exactly”, he grinned. “From when she hit Mycroft. He will be in hospital for the next two weeks which hopefully will give him plenty of time to learn to think before he acts in future. When he gets out it will be to discover that 'someone' gave Mother his latest address and she has had every one of his possessions removed and sold!”
Our unpleasant visitor reddened even further, then reached into his jacket pocket and extracted a small booklet which he passed over to me.
“Latest technology”, he said. “We photograph anyone we arrest and add their picture to the record. Don't think much of it myself seeing as how people can change their looks so easily but the higher-ups love it as Being Seen To Use New Technology, so we have to do it.”
“Why?” I asked mulishly. I had planned to go for a drive in the Charger today but someone's wake-up call meant that all that juddering on my poor aching backside.... no. Even with our best cushion I still ached.
“Yes”, I smiled. “It was very good of him and Rachael to visit Mother, although perhaps not the best timing as she had just finished one of her stories. 'Family Ties', the one about the brothers who made up a tug-of-war team.”
“Seventy years”, Sherlock grinned. “Just think; they started it when you were but four years old, and I was only two.”
We both had cause for mixed emotions that November, John received a letter from his son Ivan; he and his wife had just had their second child, a boy, and in respect of he and I having helped his family out, they wondered if I would agree to their naming him John – oh, and would my beloved please be his godfather?
Born in 1893, eldest son of Lord Harry III. An upright fellow who was a key figure in Wiltshire's war effort in the Second World War, he had married a lady who could not have children.
He disappeared into a small office and I allowed myself a sigh. I supposed that this place was not so bad on the inside all things considered. It seemed to have windows everywhere, although I had noted that the ones at the front had been covered with that special one-way glass. I wondered what sort of art they had that it needed to be hidden from the passing general public. Perhaps it was all just cover for a high-class molly-house after all?
Not long after the epidemic had passed we got to go up to Cranleigh in Surrey to see Jack and Toni for the day. They had had five children by this time, two boys and three girls, and one reason for our visit was to confirm that Toni was expecting number six. She had wanted to go for a check-up with her local doctor but he had been away at a funeral in Scotland, and she had little confidence in his locum.
'Up' being the key word in that sentence, I thought wryly. Mr. West's family had unhappily been split over the recent war with two of his brothers not approving of Italy's decision to join the Allies and decamping to Austria, plus there had been some question over his own status here when his mother and father had decided to move to Venice once the war had been over, but Sherlock had settled all that for him.
Born in 1860, the son of Lord Sheridan's second marriage hence he acceded to the title at the age of two! His brother-in-law Mr. Henry Buckingham (also his first cousin; he had married Mary Hawke) oversaw his minority although his father was partly in charge. After Lord Sheridan's death in 1879 Theobald took control, although he was constantly unwell and continued to need his brother-in-law's help. As he chose to never marry the title devolved to what was apparently his sister Mary's eldest son Harry (i.e. the late Lord Tobias Hawke II's natural son).
The young fellow who got out of the driver's side and could not have been twenty years of age was horribly familiar, even though I was sure that we had never met. Nearly sixty years since that ghastly Cornish fisherman had leered at Sherlock's backside in the Scilly Isles, over thirty since the teasing bastard's nephew had done the same, then one family member after another, and now this? My luck could not be this bad!
Two days later Sherlock received a photograph in the post along with a note from his brother. He shook his head when he read it.
“You are thinking that he might 'go after' a married man?” I asked. I knew that that sort of thing did happen; Campbell and Sweyn had each had to sack one of their 'boys' because of such behaviour, which was a clear breach of the contracts all men signed when they joined up, but to be fair that had been just two times in nearly four decades which when one considered the size of their 'empire' was impressive indeed. Many so-called respectable businesses would not come close to such a record.
1927. Confetti, it's a wedding! And someone is definitely master in his own home (just don't tell the wife because... er......)
She nodded to us, placed her card on the table and headed for the door, hopefully missing my slight sigh of relief that she was departing and had not simp.....
1919. The aftermath of the war continues to damage the families of the dynamic duo, but there are more Scottish scrapes to help take their minds off things as they approach the Roaring Twenties.
I wired Peter straight away so that he could begin treatment. As he had said the malady was fairly easy to cure although those boys and young men who went through it often had fewer children than normal. I could only hope that the Hawke lineage would continue despite all this.
“He sounds a most positive addition to your staff”, Sherlock smiled. “Thank you for taking the time to see us today, sir.”
“Very sorry”, he said looking a little abashed. “But my dear mama has told me so much about you, and it is wonderful to meet you at last!”
“No, it was one o' clock in the afternoon”, John said. “But you know how American that particular American is. He runs all his clocks on New York time, five hours behind Greenwich.”
“Last year my uncle, my father's elder brother Graham, died”, Mr. Jukes went on. “He had always been on at my grandfather to give this place to him before he passed on what with all these new taxes they keep coming up with, or at least to give his own three sons something. Simon, Stuart and Solomon, all in their mid-twenties. Not a brain between them mind, which is why this is all so strange.”
Ironically this had led to a double bonus for both the Great Cake-Detectives, who always 'just happened' to call in on Mrs. Rockland's baking-days. The scandal broke only days after LeStrade's son Galleron had made sergeant here in the capital and resulted in more vacancies when a London inspector moved north to fill one of the gaps up there, which at sergeant level had been filled by Gregson's son Tobias (the two young men were sort of related as Galleron's sister Iseult was married to Tobias's brother Tristram, but sadly it was back to the bad old days as both men – who, even more weirdly, both liked cake and shared their respective fathers' remarkable tendency to only arrive at Baker Street on baking days! – loathed each other with a passion. Perhaps they would end up as another pair of Cuddle Bunnies and damnation if I am not getting a disapproving look from 'someone'!
“Try not to make it obvious”, I whispered as I waited for the last form to sign, “but we are being watched.”
“Poor Tan”, I smiled. At the start of this year both of Sherlock's nephew and grandson had called again at the college to tell him how grateful they truly were to us both (even if Tantalus had looked terrible; it was a good thing that even at my age I never looked like that). Of course Sherlock had cried copiously after both visits.
He really was most disrespectful to his elders and betters. He clearly needed more.... instruction. And once I had had my bacon, he got it.
“Possibly her being seen on a southbound train from Leicester to Kettering'”, Sherlock said. “Somewhere along the line just south of Kettering a set of clothes, possibly even with finger-prints on them. The cologne in her room down in Irchester where Mr. Leeds has not gone. I also think that she will find it hard to explain why
That the three 'gentlemen' were rugby players was more than a little obvious when we met them outside a tavern on the seafront. The brothers William and James Forthright and my half-nephew Mr. Brencis Bassett-Evans were all huge men in their mid-twenties, not particularly tall (they were above average height but shorter than both John and I), and would surely have made good players for their bulk alone. In particular my half-nephew had the largest arms that I had ever seen on a fellow man; I wondered how he found a kit to contain them. He was absolutely nothing like me, which was perhaps a good thing.
It was the last day of September, barely a week after our return from Eastbourne, when Sherlock received an invitation to a wedding. Normally he would not even have considered going especially as the thing was to take place on Lismore, one of the Hebridean islands in Argyllshire, but without going into details he was not only acquainted with the groom but that gentleman's father had greatly assisted him in one of our cases during the Moriarty years and was now seriously ill. My beloved still offered to decline as of course the invitation was solely for him, but I knew from listening to my patients (I treated people in the village and surrounding area as the nearest doctors were in either Lewes or Eastbourne) as to how easily bitter feuds could be started if Person A’s spouse was invited when Person B’s was not, yet by giving way to everybody the hapless bride and groom might well end up with some five hundred people coming to their great day! Although it would be a sacrifice, I would have to bite the bullet and let my friend go alone.
A week later, I learned that Mr. Pym had not taken Miss Terry's advice and had gone after yet another of Mr. Holmes's friends. I felt quite sorry – for the Thames, which was dirty enough as it was.
“But what am I going to do with all that money, sirs?” Benji almost wailed. “Mr. Luke took care of me but I never had this much in my whole life!”
“He advised me that a certain chain of events was going to unfold this coming month”, Sherlock said, nodding slightly for some reason, “and that it would unless stopped or diverted end in the death of a family member. Someone from your family.”
Our young visitor had come to London where he had lodged with Mr. Edward 'Ginger' Tudor, the policeman we had helped one time and who now ran Sworldand's for Miss St. Leger. This fellow had married the eldest of Ginger's four daughters; the red-headed policeman had also had eight sons so clearly he had somehow caught some of his brother-in-law Mr. Benjamin Jackson-Giles's prodigiousness! We were surrounded by horn-dogs, it seemed!
The landlady was clearly disappointed that we were not seeking rooms and Sherlock cut straight to the point.
“Guilford is coming at nine to take us to the morning rehearsals”, he said. “These rooms are already booked for a party this weekend so we cannot stay here afterwards whatever happens. I had hoped that our last day here might be memorable.”
I thought of my twin brother Sherrinford. Clearly he had caused this – impressive since as far as I knew he was still in the United States – but what did he want of me?
“Anyhow”, Mrs. Malone continued, “I thought it odd at first that she would not be staying with her fellow diggers as I know they have some sort of hostel place up there, but believe you me it did not take long to figure that one out! Most likely because they would have felt the urge to bury her rather than dig around in space dust!”
I could not even glare at the bastard. Yes, we had been in the bedroom, and we had been testing the new mirror by my fucking him long and hard in front of it while looking at our reflections. And he had had no problem getting it up, as my poor abused backside could attest. Lord alone knows how much extra time in Purgatory the vicar's untimely visit had earned us!
“We are not sure”, Mrs. Malone said. “You see, that was what was so weird. She seemed to calm down after about a week and last Friday – I did not like to say it but I actually thought she might have been drunk!”
“It conveyed what I wanted to convey all right!” I said firmly. “I am coming to like these vehicles, if truth be told. I am the only one in the village garage who can fix some things wrong with them, now that Ivan has gone to work in the new and bigger place over in Hayward's Heath. I can fix almost anything that is wrong with the Charger nowadays.”
John very visibly did not want to go near the thing, and hung back to talk to a young mechanic there. A surprisingly young mechanic, I thought; the boy had to be fourteen years of age if that. My friend was visibly relieved when I said that I was done and we adjourned to our hotel.
Coming as I did from a somewhat irregular family – and that had better not be a cough from any medical personage in the vicinity as I have not fully worked through Brendon’s list yet! – I knew the value of a stable family life. Once I had found out who my real father was, I had asked my friend Miss St. Leger to track-down my assorted half-brothers, half-sisters and the rest, and to see that they were all right in their lives. I shall not divulge the total that she reached in the end, save to say that my late father did not as I had half-feared match my most famous house number in his determination to leave his mark on Mankind –
“Most likely him if he is not careful!” he said to my surprise. “Last year he made the mistake of trying to track down Mr. Holmes and Doctor Watson; he had heard somewhere that they were still in England and set himself to find them. He was advised not to pursue the matter and to mend his ways, but he has since been seeking out other people related to or helped by them instead. And now he is going after friends of the two gentlemen, presumably hoping to draw them out in response. I think that it is time he was told to desist.”
“Only while we do it”, he grinned. “I want to make you come all over one of her bedrooms, as many times as possible. Then the ring goes back on and we will go and talk to her, you knowing all the time what we have just done in her own house!”
Incredibly after coming on the bed, on the floor, into the fireplace and up against the window of a spare bedroom, King Lyon was hard again all evening, including the whole time that I had to talk to that dreadful woman with some bastard smirking in the background. Danny was absolutely insatiable and..... I could not wait for our next evening out.
“We have read some reviews”, Sherlock cut in before I could say something that I would not have regretted in the slightest. “They were most intriguing, so we decided that as we were visiting the Old Country we would spend an evening watching ourselves. Vanity, one might say.”
“There is something else about this case, sir”, I said. “And very curiously, something that you did not feel comfortable speaking about in front of your good friends back there, which means that it is something serious. Like the doctor I need
“Happy birthday, beloved!” he grinned. “I said that your present would be arriving later today and this is the first part of it.”
I wondered just how much time I would end up having to serve in Purgatory when my time came. At least the sex-maniac responsible for all of it would be right there alongside me!
Our families also continued to grow that year, as Lord Harry's wife produced a fourth son for him, whom he called Lion after his cousin, and my niece Mary had a daughter who was named in her honour. And that was not the only new thing that year.
There was a brief lighter moment when, as part of an effort to boost morale, the King-Emperor gave out was a number of awards for those assisting the war effort at home and this included my love's grandson Trelawney. With conscription now a thing to replace the terrible loss of young life in the trenches, this at least quieted those few who moaned about some people not doing their share (and quite a few of the moaners were too busy moaning to do their own share, I noted).
“It seems the obvious way for a young man to make lots of money in London”, Sherlock said ruefully. “But as our American acquaintance Detective Hutchinson showed, there are others. We shall see. We can call on our good friend Lowen – he would surely know if the young man, as he is now, had joined 'the business' – and then repair to the great department store.”
None of them were geniuses but they worked through that one quickly enough. The brothers looked in astonishment at my half-nephew, who looked equally dumbfounded.
I looked at him in surprise but said nothing. Fortunately the landlady was too alarmed by his words to notice.
He was clearly torn, wanting me to repeat what we had done but fearing that I might insist on it right now. If there was a Pout any time soon, I could not be held responsible for any naked consequences.
Judging from the knowing look and the head-shaking that Stephen Watson gave us on the platform at York Station, we might not have been fully one hundred per cent successful in that end. Oh well.
Apart from those two terrible three-year periods when he and I had been parted – six horrible, empty years that it pains me I can never have back or make amends for – barely a case went by in which he did not accompany me. I know how much it hurt him (despite the many times that he denied it) when people commented that he was there solely as my biographer, bringing my many successes to the wider public. Even if we were parted for but a few hours I could feel myself aching at his absence, knowing that something fundamental in my life was not there.
1914. The final case involves a tall murderer in a deer-stalker with the initials S.H. – and the King of England!
I could tell from his scent how distressed he was, as doubtless he could tell from mine how miserable I was feeling. We quite literally clawed each other's clothes off in our eagerness, and how we got to the bedroom without sustaining a major injury I do not know. Of course Sherlock was undressed first and when I had finally managed to get myself out of a pair of trousers which seemed to have been glued to me, I looked up to see him naked on the bed, his legs drawn back and ready for me. I was fifty-four years old and I briefly wondered if I would live to see fifty-five when I saw that. Then he moaned in anticipation and my higher brain functions promptly hoisted the white flag.
The next day we visited Mazarin Hall, the home of Malcolm, Lord Fleet who was pleased to welcome us. He was about fifty years of age, and I could see at once why someone had applied that wig to the scarecrow. It had almost been as bad as the 'thing' that was apparently squatting on the top of the nobleman's head. I wondered whether if I waved a biscuit in its direction it might sit up and beg. Here boy....
The part of the world to which I had fled over three decades ago had become an important theatre in the war, with the Ottoman Empire threatening the vital Suez Canal link and Great Britain's direct links with its eastern Imperial possessions. With the Western Front claiming so many British and Imperial lives the defence of that waterway had been secured but hopes for an advance into the Holy Land had stalled, until two weeks ago when our brave men had won a great victory at the Third Battle of Gaza.
General Roland Theodosius Alistair McCall seemed set on reinforcing that belief although it probably did not help matters that he was an Alistair, a name that I have long loathed for obvious reasons. He was in his early fifties, a bluff white-haired fellow with a handlebar moustache and a seemingly permanent scowl. Presumably our famous fireside chair was insufficiently commodious to house his ego as he sat down on the couch without being invited and stared hard at us. I tried not to think of what John and I had done on the same couch two days ago, almost exactly where the fellow was sitting.... thank the Lord for my innate flexibility! And for well-made furniture!
There were about a dozen instances where my various unknowing relatives faced difficulties at one time or another, and in most of those I was able to covertly assist them without revealing their famous relative, much as they would have doubtless enjoyed the lustre of such a connection – someone
Sherlock twiddled with some of the dials and a familiar sound came out of the box. My spirits lifted.
“I cut his fuel-line”, the boy said, “and loosened four of his wires. Once he reaches flying altitude the plane will fall apart. He took off about ten minutes ago – he came early of course – so he should be down by now. I thought I heard an explosion in the distance a couple of minutes back, but I was not sure.”
“Your friend did not believe Lieutenant Anderson when he told her that his colleague had died”, he said. “May I venture to ask
An utterly reprehensible scoundrel who having been discharged from the Army with an injury was another great-nephew to Mrs. Anne Brown, and who charmed his way into her good books in her final days. She rewrote her will to leave the bulk of her estate to him, but Mr. John MacDougall and her companion Mr. Jack Tranter managed to prevent it (Fountain-Pen Case, 1879). Having failed to get his money he chanced his arm once too often, and was shot dead trying to escape from a lady's bedroom.
). Though still recovering I could see what he had in mind, and moved onto my front next to him. He quickly fingered me open and then entered me with the ring still on, groaning as he achieved his own relief. Like a dog to a bone he found my prostate at once and began to pummel it mercilessly with his cock, causing my eyes to roll back in my head. I let out a guttural snarl and he must have removed the ring because suddenly he was coming inside of me, hissing his joy as he painted my insides white. Incredibly for a man in his mid-fifties I promptly came a second time, my balls almost aching as they were drained but any pain was banished by the dead weight of a six-foot blue-eyed genius falling inelegantly on top of me and lying there, our two hearts beating as one.
“So indeed”, I said. “You are doubtless not aware of it but scientists have recently established a new understanding of the constituents of human blood. In particular they have found three such which are extremely important, especially if they ever develop the ability to give people blood to replace losses during accidents, say. The key fact is that these constituents are hereditary, so while this new understanding cannot prove things, it can
“Elizabeth went into the shop and turned on the waterworks for the owner”, she snorted. “It is frankly pathetic the things that some men will do just because a woman cries! He told her that the fellow who had paid for the photo was Lieutenant James Anderson, the son of Colonel Theobald Anderson if that means anything. The lieutenant is not the one by the way; the object of her affections is the idiot lurking right at the back.”
“Thank you, Bill, for those kind words about my wonderful father who as we all know is indeed well-loved across the Service. Indeed, he is well-loved at home –
“There is another matter which complicates things somewhat”, I said carefully. “It concerns certain artistic photographs.”
“I will not bore you with long scientific names which will mean nothing to anyone here”, he said. “Let us call these simply Chemical A and Chemical B. Both have been tested and certified by Doctor Watson here and also by a leading scientist in his field at Oxford; of their composition there can be no doubt. Chemical A is toxic but not deadly except in much larger amounts than you see here, while Chemical B is almost completely harmless. However, when they are imbibed at the same time, the
“No, he and Colt are as bad as ever”, Mr. Wolf grinned. “They were kind enough to take the children for a week recently so I could take Edie to Scotland after the birth of Octavian; she was a little down after being advised to have no more children although I was quite relieved if truth be told as eight of the little blighters running around is more than enough for me! Plus to see Colt weeping buckets with Kay in his arms – it was wonderful. Although it is family that brings me here today.”
We also had the bonus that Sherlock's purchase of the land meant that the harridan could now afford to join the rest of her family by the sea now, for which I was sure they would be truly grateful (I know everyone in the village certainly was; Mr. Torrin threw a huge party once she had left). Yes, my man was a sneaky bastard.
“Another of the clues was that both you and your half-brother inherited the aquiline nose from a common ancestor”, Sherlock said. “Your grandfather judging from the portrait in the entrance-hall.”
“Not exactly”, he said to my evident mystification. “But I know who he really is, or was. I can also make a guess as to why Carl tells me that there is no record of him on the army pay-roll, although if I am right the case will require some delicate handling.”
“Partly”, the sergeant-major admitted. “His mother had been ill for the past year and he was often visiting her, although as I am sure you can imagine he had to time his visits to when his bully of a father was not there.”
We had a welcome visitor to the cottage that December, my nephew Jack. Well, fairly welcome, even if he did allude to the fact that I may have gone every so slightly further than was the norm in decorating the cottage (fortunately for him he did not push it, otherwise I might 'accidentally' mention the twelve sets of Festive Panties that I had laid in to mark the Twelve Days of Christmas!)
“I shall start with the photograph”, I told our obnoxious visitor. “I am afraid that it is not of Private McCullough at all, and had you charged into the barracks and accused him it would certainly have ended very badly for you.”
coughing now, the bastard! – but in this one instance a more direct involvement was needed as one of my relations wrote requesting my help. And by one of those freakishly strange coincidences, he wrote from an address that was only yards away from Watson’s former home in Northumberland! So to England’s most northerly county we went to meet my unknowing half-nephew, Mr. Brencis Bassett-Evans.
Thanks to my wonderful John who had broken the shocking news to me as gently as he could, I now had five of the things and my half-nephew (also I supposed now my son-in-law) Lord Harry Hawke invited John and I to Brunton Hall for a family get-together. Never have there been so many emotions in one place, I was sure!
He thanked me again for calling and I left. It was almost lunch-time so I adjourned to the nearby town for a surprisingly pleasant meal in a local restaurant before calling in at the local post-office. The postmaster was surprised at my request but acquiesced when he knew who I was. The paper I wrote out was copied and then signed by myself, himself and one of his clerks. I left him a copy before leaving to catch a cab back to a horribly empty Baker Street.
I would have complained about my not being the master of my own house, but Isa would have Not  Liked It. The last time that had happened, it had been no beer and no..... you know what for three months! I could have taken a side-job as a wood-chopper and I would not have needed a damn axe!
He stopped and I could well see why. Rather than some pastoral village or seaside resort, the artist had gone for what looked very like a view across Chuffingden from our cottage – except that the skies above the village were blood red and dark, giving the painting an ominous air. Only a single beam of light shone through to land on a strangely empty patch of land directly in front of the painter, which looked quite like the area around our front gate. The picture disturbed us both, let alone the strange sub-title 'The Eve Of The War', and we left quickly.
“I am saying that we can circumvent such a thing if you would allow my friend the doctor to perform an examination”, Sherlock said soothingly. “He would accord your father all the dignity that he deserves, and he could then be laid to the rest that he has doubtless well earned. Otherwise.... I am afraid that the wheels of officialdom grind slowly at the best of times.”
“His main effort is to get me bloody pregnant!” my nephew had muttered when I had told him about it. “Some fellows are downright insatiable!”
1921. It is three in and one out as John's family expands by three new members but Sherlock's contracts by one. So it is celebration, celebration, celebration and..... er.....
The weekend was not the only thing that was long and up, an unhelpful part of my brain supplied. I ground my teeth for no particular reason.
There was to be another and rather surprising development in the case before we could decamp to the March. Just after I had sent out to our friend Ginger for whatever he had on our unpleasant client (hopefully something incriminating!) we had an unexpected but welcome visitor. To wit Mr. Peter Wolf whose father we had helped a couple of years back.
“I had better be getting back to London then”, he said. “Trey's place is off Regent's Park and just round the corner from your old house in Baker Street –
Fortunately our village station lay not far from my house so we were easily able to drop the doctor off there before racing on ahead; I could see steam from a locomotive at the platform so hopefully a train was due out soon. I doubt my poor old Bertie has ever been driven quite so fast in his life but Mr. Holmes managed to coax great speed out of the beast without using the whip and we were at my parents' house in surprisingly short order. I suppose that I could have asked him just how he knew what he knew, but somehow the time did not seem right.
“It happened when John was in Egypt in the mid-eighties”, he said. “A combination of past misdeeds by one of his ancestors that would have sullied his name even today, coupled with my own foolish attempt to keep that from him, led to his spending three years supporting the fight against the mad Mahdists in the Sudan. A modern penance, I suppose you might call it. John met your mother during that time; she was already in a relationship with the man you thought was your father, but she somehow 'forgot' to mention that minor detail to him – until as they say, the morning after the night before.”
much. The only development of note was that Mr. Creighton Dallas did indeed sell his cottage to Lord Fleet and begin preparations to follow his dream to the United States, whither he was headed after his late brother's funeral. That event was I understand well-attended, although for obvious reasons Sherlock and I stayed away. The upside of that was that the fertility effects of the stone continued to work their magic which was wonderful except for those times when I sat down too quickly.
“Lion will not want to mar such an event”, Mr. Holmes said, “and before it happens he is going to have a rather curious little adventure of his own. I will also need your help.....”
“Unfortunately one of her guests nearly exposes her actions when he 'slips his leash' one day and takes advantage of Miss Wolferton leaving some mushrooms behind on her plate. He is a small man – that was how I knew that fact, doctor – and his size makes him more susceptible that most. He is saved by a fortunately-placed beach-tent even if the lady inside it is somewhat traumatized, and his landlady is subsequently more careful. So once more all marches well – until her neighbour turns out to know a consulting detective who comes down for a holiday and finds out what has been going on.”
“Mr. Pym again”, he sighed. “One of those so-called journalists who is always targetting people that he disapproves of, yet somehow he never manages to live his own life to the same high standards. Strange, that.”
I was out the room and halfway down the garden path in under a minute. But I still heard Edgar's first scream. I would have smiled, but somehow my mother would have known so I did not.
“Find what?” Sherlock asked innocently. “With these new laws on drivers having to use hand-signals, I thought it a good idea to make sure that your father knew what was what.”
In spring we had a welcome visit from our godsons Tristram and Torre LeStrade, both then twenty-four and handsome young men who had done their Valiant father proud. Sherlock's godson Tristram had indeed followed his prodigious father into the local constabulary while my godson Torre had sort of followed my direction and was in his final year of training to be a veterinarian. Despite now being nearly fifty-two our friend and his wife had incredibly just had their
We had been so happy these last few weeks, especially when John's three great-grandsons had come over with their father and grandfather (unannounced, unfortunately, but we had made ourselves decent quite quickly I had thought). It had been so good to see four generations of Watsons in the same room – John, Ivan, Luke (who was training to be a doctor just like his grandfather) and Luke's sons Sherlock, Hamon and John. My great-grandson and namesake was very much the image of me despite being only three years old, and he had given me what had been a decidedly uncomfortable knowing look when we had finally let them all in.
“Misrepresentation of a person as a member of the British Army is an offence punishable by time in gaol”, Sherlock said gravely. “Not only that, those aiding and abetting the crime also attract a penalty, especially if they are in the armed forces themselves.”
1922. John discovers that his lover's mind-reading tendencies stretch all the way under the bed to a certain catalogue and you can get your mind out of the gutter RIGHT NOW!
Along with his sister Hilaria he followed the worship of the Egyptian goddess Nut, who sometimes manifested herself as a cow (a cruel author would make a remark about nuts worshipping Nut there, but I shall refrain). One night he went to a field of cows to carry out a ritual and discovered that waving a dagger around near a large and easily startled farm animal was not always a wise course of action. It was his last ever discovery.
The younger man glared at him. It would have taken a detective of close to zero ability to have worked out that these two had one of those love-hate relationships which had not gotten round to the love part yet, and most certainly never would. Perhaps if John and I looked out of the window for a time....
The gratefulness metamorphosed into sheer unadulterated terror. Despite his slender figure my grandson hoisted my quaking nephew to his feet, swept him into his strong arms and carried him to the doorway.
1907. Chuffingden sees a welcome departure as Sherlock is mildly deceitful (in much the same way that the Pope is mildly Catholic), and John marks Christmas with the usual restraint(s).
The receptionist at the front desk was according to her name-plate a “Miss Q. Hanrahan”, and apparently her being not yet thirty years of age did not stop her simpering at my man. I did not growl at her, and a certain someone's smugness at my pointed cough was not appreciated either. As we thankfully left the hussy behind I remembered something that my friend had said back at the house.
All right, maybe my nephew had a point. From the look of horror on his face he had heard that remark all too clearly – which bearing in mind how much of the world he himself had seen, had to take some doing!
“My grandfather had bled the estate dry in donations to charity in his last few years”, he said. “What with the mortgage and the debts, the solicitor reckons that I will be lucky to get halfway to my cousins' thirty quid once it is all settled.”
Lieutenant Anderson was at home and received us graciously enough, inquiring at to the purpose of our visit.
I wondered at the hesitation. Why should he be ashamed of his 'friend' working at such an illustrious department store?
“How do I know you're not from Scott's father?” Mr. Drake Hale demanded, very visibly positioning himself in front of the two young men.
And incredibly both he and his twin were giving their father what was indubitably Sherlock's 'bacon look'. They were his blood all right!
“This crime”, Sherlock began, “started shortly after the arrival of Mr. Ivan Leeds to Wellingborough and his employment at the technical department of Wayland Industries. It rapidly became clear to his co-workers that he was a young man of exceptional talent, and in a situation where the department might be reduced at short notice that provoked some alarm. In one person in particular who felt that they had more to lose than most.”
I sat up in shock which.... so not a good idea. I was sure they heard the shri.... the manly exclamation of surprise down in the village!
The Isle of Harris to the north of South Uist is of course famous for its woollens, which was my main reason for agreeing to the visit as Sherlock had purchased one in London one time and had loved it. So we had come here to where they were made so that he could order a slew of the things, and I had not said yes solely because he had promised to fuck me wearing each one in turn and nothing else.
a firearm, of course, but I did notice that when we went round a farm one time and there was some shooting taking place in a nearby wood, he was a bag of nerves.
If it really possible to die of sheer mortification, this would surely be it! The Reverend Peters smiled benignly at me.
“My second question concerns a certain villa in Deauville on the French coast”, Sherlock said and I saw his prey twitch at that name. “It is registered in the name of one Miss Louisa Grade, better known as Mrs. Louisa Hall. Your wife.”
“I have already planned for that”, Sherlock re-assured him. “I will lay a story that having become aware of your existence and that you were the grandson of my friend, I covertly arranged for you to obtain free lodgings at a house which had been bequeathed to an acquaintance of mine only on condition that they rent and maintain it free for twenty-one years before being allowed to sell it. Knowing that you needed extra money I advanced your name for one of the vacancies, which is why you were able to support your father.”
“What has happened?” I asked anxiously. This was a novel sort of reaction to a parental visit and I did not like anything novel, especially with our personal heaven so close now.
That too seemed odd. If this fellow's grandfather lived in the south of the county then why had he secured a place still relatively far away? But then I supposed that the service on a rural loop line was likely much inferior to that of the main line, particularly if his grandfather happened to live right on it.
I almost moved from my place when I saw the predatory look on her face but Sherlock shook his head at her. Even though she was not looking in my direction I glared evilly at her.
“So if say it was half-past nine in the evening here in Baker Street”, I said slowly, “all the clocks in Mr. Patterson's house would read half-past four in the afternoon?”
“The money was drawn out of a recently opened bank account at Lloyd's Bank in Derby on Thursday the twelfth”, he said. “A false name, of course. I do however have more hopes of the railway ticket. No-one at the station remembers seeing Mr. Leeds and he often went there to see his lady-friend off on the train. She lives in Irchester, the next stop south of here towards London.”
1909. John is traumatized by new technology but some manly embracing (NOT That Other Thing) soon sorts matters. He also says the wrong thing at the wrong time – twice! – and he is not the only one.
“I asked around the boys”, he said, “and a couple of them also said he had been down when he tended to them although he did not tell them why. I have an idea that may help.”
John had barely a dozen regular patients at this time and he still helped out at his old surgery at busy times, although regrettably I had once again had to have Words with the managers there who, I had come to suspect, were having rather too many 'busy times' in which they needed their most renowned doctor. Their demands had slackened off after that but two days after the advent of Master Stafford Jackson-Giles my love had been involved in another difficult birth and this time he had lost the mother and, despite his best efforts, her baby too. Such things affected even a professional like him – I knew how much because he would always come home and give me the sort of look that said he wanted nothing more than some of the manly embracing thing that I loved and that he sort of tolerated. If we spent the evening with my taller form resting naked on the top of his shorter but more solid one while we dozed and talked in front of the fire, well, why not? We were not young any more and we had done more than enough to deserve some time to ourselves.
The joys of heaven. Endless energy to deal definitively with mirthful mountaineers! And I found out that those fluffy white wings of his are extremely sensitive in some areas.... let alone what happened when I caressed his halo!
“The maid's position came into play once his uncle felt threatened enough to confront his father about the lady”, I went on. “Your grandson knew full well that such a thing would happen; indeed I am sure that he encouraged his uncle to do it. Mr. Troilus listened to his fears and determined to go to your house in order to 'put you to rights'. The maid was waiting for just such a development and as per the plan showed her character's 'psychic powers', thus reinforcing her credentials. She was also careful to not ask for any money up to that point, because after the major rupture between you and your son, you would most likely insist on such a move just to spite him.”
I've never been one of those insufferably cheery fellows like Jay (Forthright) and with a face like mine that was understandable, but six month after Mr. Sherlock Holmes had sorted matters over Ned and four after the horny little bastard had moved in next door, I realized I was really liking my life. Even if I limped to work alongside some smirking horny little bastard every morning who insisted on a thorough wake-up call that ran from the bedroom via the bathroom to the kitchen.
“Clearly you have too much time on your hands if you can meddle with the local politics of East Anglia”, I said firmly. “And if you wish to know what women in charge would be like, I think my new 'Lady In Red' series needs editing.”
1904. Doctor John Hamish Watson would like it put on record that he is not at all jealous when handsome, charismatic and powerful men come into his life. Especially when Sherlock is asked to break the law to help them. So there!
We were once again back in Scotland. After a brief visit to Stevie and Hetty, Sherlock and I had first called in on historic Iona and then returned to the Western Isles after an absence of some twenty-one years where we had seen Lord Hamish MacGarry whose succession to his grandfather Alexander we had secured in somewhat questionable circumstances (The Adventure of the Two Clansmen). He was now some twenty-six years of age and married with two sons of his own, so his line was secured for the foreseeable future. His cousin Alan had of course apprised him of what we had done and the lord greeted us warmly, insisting on putting us up for our night in Lochboisdale for which I was grateful as the sea-crossing had been choppy.
The general manager, a tall blond fellow in his forties who was clearly in some sort of competition to see how much hair gel one person could apply to their dome, was a Mr. Andrew Dinmore. He looked understandably nervous at our arrival to his store, presumably not just because the oil-slick on his pate might be about to go up in flames under the strong lights.
1904. The end is nigh but the cases keep coming, and Sherlock is asked to help out a family member whose business is being targeted because of his religion. Fortunately he is able to 'sheikh' things up for the evildoers, who find themselves facing the unkindest cut of all.
to be a medium and sent a letter to Mr. Gable that his late son was attempting to communicate via the spirit world”, the lawyer said. “Utter hogwash in my humble opinion but unfortunately Mr. Gable is prone to believe such things – as I said, he was very close to poor Aeneas – and he seemed to take some comfort from this. Had it stopped there then all might have been well, but of course it did not.”
I pushed in even harder driving us both towards orgasm, and in my excitement and passion forgot the restraining ring of steel that was still holding me back. Or at least it had been; I suddenly felt it fall from me and I exploded inside John with a guttural snarl, painting his insides. He himself came a second time, gasping his release.
“Churchill's or Hitler's?” Sherlock asked wryly. “The soundings that I have been getting from Germany of late are ominous indeed.”
“The room that we want is through there”, Sherlock said gesturing to a door to our left, “but Mr. Peterson suggested that we might wish to see his students' latest works.”
“It is all very strange that the British newspapers are so silent about this Mrs. Simpson woman”, I observed to Sherlock as we lay there after shredding the final pair (if he would insist on cooking naked except for them.....). “She may be Queen one day.”
“He'll be through on the last train tonight, the eight-fifteen”, the station-master said. “If you wanted to catch him you could buy a ticket to Finedon and talk with him on the train. Unless it's a long conversation you'd be wanting in which case buy through to Kettering.”
“This has been a shock to you”, he said quietly, pausing to turn off the taps. The room smelled of honeyed bath salts and I took advantage of his pause to run my nose all over his chest and under his arms taking in the glorious scent of my mate. Whatever this case threw at me – and my son – I knew that in here I was safe.
“You certainly made us wait long enough!” my brother snipped, making my beloved blush fiercely. I may also have turned very slightly red and someone could stop looking so damn knowing!
Most irritatingly he had sidled out of swatting range as he spoke so I had to settle for a scowl. My nephew and his wife both chuckled.
“The attack happened just before half-past four on Thursday, the eleventh”, he said. “Two passers-by who came to help both heard the nearby church clock striking the half-hour. But Mr. Patterson swears blind that the sergeant was with him between four and just before five.”
“I would not have expected you to recognize me, sir”, the young fellow smiled, “as we have only met when I was but a boy.” His accent was Northern but not heavily so. “I bring greetings from both my grandfathers in Cumberland.”
1904. Less than a year to that cottage and a well-deserved retirement – but the dynamic duo's return to London is delayed by a case that takes them them to Galloway, where a scarecrow holds the secret to a murder.
Master Bigglesworth shook his head at me when we left the air-base for the last time, which was odd. The boy was smart but there was no way that he could have known about that pilot's uniform that I had purloined for 'research purposes'.
My love had far more society connections that I did, so I had felt particularly pleased when I had been able to use one of my own to help a friend. Even if it was the son of a friend. Even if the friend in question had leered at 'someone' during our last visit to London, something over which I had not been the least bit jealous.”
“He and Rachael are very happy up in Wells”, I said. I had recently assisted the couple in securing them a house on the North Norfolk coast where they were very happy together.
Born in 1750, he was the fifth son of Harry and Anne Hawke, but all his four elder brothers died young. A skilled operator and rather more charismatic than his father, he increased the family fortune still further. Unfortunately his eldest son Stephen died at the Battle of Waterloo and, even more unfortunately, his second son Harry did not.
“Not bad for a fellow heading towards fifty”, I teased. “My horny hooker, my perfect mate. I love you so much, Bren!”
Sherlock's nephew who lost the lottery of life in that he took after his useless father Mycroft. When seventeen the boy was specifically told not to play on the Volk's Electric Railway in Brighton so he did, and went out with a bang!
people that I could mention” (I glanced at the scowling lawyer before continuing). “You will sign this and revoke all claims on him, and I will ensure that the courts grant a decree
“I fear that too many of us would overwhelm the fellow”, he said, smiling at his sons. “You are yet young, boys, and hard as it may be to believe, even grown men find some things difficult.”
“The reason that we are here”, Lady Bradstock continued, “is our growing concern for my husband. I should explain at this point that the earldom is unfortunate – in my opinion at least – to be afflicted with that the lawyers call 'nominative inheritance'. The title goes to the eldest son as per usual but the bulk of the estate around Stalwarton, the Oxfordshire village where my father-in-law lives, can be willed to any direct male line descendant at the whim of the current holder or, if he has no descendants of his own, to any of those of his brothers. Furthermore the estate has prospered greatly in the last ten years due to certain investments in gold and diamond mines in southern Africa, so there is much to inherit.”
“Don't you start with the 'leaving out things'. Mr. Holmes sir”, he said reprovingly. “One look at the skew-whiff rug over there tells me he got rather more than the odd chocolate square!”
“Damn coward ran away from his regiment when it was stationed at Clun, not far from the house”, he said. “No backbone the young generation, although  my other four boys are all right.”
My twin walked round to the side of a small lectern and pulled a large metal lever. There was a mechanical sound from nearby – odd, I thought considering that we were floating on clouds. Then a familiar solid black figure rose majestically out of the clouds and... all that moisture was bound to make someone's eyes start watering.
“A few weeks back, I had word that my grandfather had died”, he said. “He was.... a strange fellow, all things told. The thing about him was that he loved practical jokes, and that all but cut him off from his two sons as well as making his wife up and leave him after just a few years of marriage. He did not seem to mind though, and he was liked enough in this area. I visited on occasion and we got on well enough, although I always had to endure his terrible pranks and jokes.  But they made him happy, so I did.”
And with that he sheathed himself inside of me in one swift movement and came almost at once, sighing his release into the darkness of the room. My cock twitched feebly but there was no way I was going to manage three orgasms in so short a time-frame and I had to be content to just lie there while he gently pulled out and draped himself over me before almost immediately falling fast asleep.
“You are right”, I said. “That is our only option; from the Tower to Baker Street across the whole of London by road would take ages. Once he misses us on the next Central line train he will think that we did that. But I fear that we are not out of the woods yet.”
As if to prove that thinking of someone made them magically appear I found Danny at my side, hustling me out of the door and towards a darker corridor. I looked at my beautiful man – over two decades my junior and seemingly determined to sex me into an early grave – in surprise.
Randall looked around desperately for any chance of escape, but Muriel was blocking the door and I had my pistol ready in my bag. I had Told him a few weeks ago that I knew full well he was up to something and that he had better stop it, but as usual he had decided that he was above that.
Still in his own spotlight Mr. Cumberbatch suddenly stepped forward and pointed the gun that he was still holding straight at the royal box. There were several gasps from the audience but no-one had the time to stop him. He squeezed the trigger..... and an explosion of red, white and blue paper erupted from the barrel!
My son flushed bright red, muttered his thanks and almost ran into the house. Sherlock chuckled and clicked the reins, driving me home for a prolonged session of manly embracing. Definitely nothing else.
The other change effected indirectly by the scandal was that LeStrade's nephew our friend Valiant was elevated to chief-inspector in his native Westmorland. Although he still technically had three years to serve before he would normally have been considered, the authorities clearly felt that some stability was needed from someone known in the area, and that he was the right man to effect it. I was confident that they had (for once) made a most excellent choice.
“All still in the business”, Mr. Smith said. “Chummy bought them a new and bigger house in Maryport, although they all insist on coming round to 'check up' on Fray and me from time to time. Thank the Lord that we have staff who come in but can be put off for a time; the six of us can have a Naked Day even if Chummy does strut so after he has 'seen to' the boys.”
That clearly shocked even the recovering Mr. Battenberg, who yelped in pain as he sat up rather too fast and stared at the boy standing over him.
1913. The shadow of war looms ever larger but life goes on. A day at the races ends badly for one lady, pillar-boxes get attacked because the suffragettes think that that will surely win then support (it does not), and Sherlock uses his money to ensure that there is still only one Chuffingden.
The bastard teased me the whole two hours it took him to make a damn fine drawing, even if there may have been a certain element of artistic license in one area of his work (work it out!). Somehow he later found a place to get it framed so we could take it with us to our cottage that was now so close, I could almost smell the downland grass. What could possibly go wrong this late in the day?
On this particular day we had exchanged the countryside for the seaside, paying a surprise visit to the Malones in Eastbourne. The little resort was like our own Chuffingden bedecked in red, white and blue and several roads had been closed off for street parties. I smiled both at that and the frankly frazzled looks on the faces of the elderly couple.
John's annoyance only increased when Day discovered that I could speak Cornish and we conversed in that ancient tongue. The fact he kept looking at my beloved while doing this probably accounted for the increasingly unhappy growling I could hear, and when he reached over to pat me on the shoulder John visibly seethed.
“But I know that he got married some years back to a local lady, a Miss Ruth Hale”, he said. “Even if we did not have the connection, I would not wish the general on my worst enemy.”
“Be serious for a minute!” he snapped. “They were talking about what they called 'offing someone'. And the name they said was our Mr. Holmes.”
“It is my cousin Gareth”, he said. “As you know he lives with Mercy on the north coast of Devonshire; a wild area so they say. He could not pick up a pen if his life depended on it but Mercy writes to both me and Uncle Gawain regular as clockwork. She had two sons and two daughters, and it is their eldest son that is the issue here, by name of Galahad.”
“He owed her so much”, I said. “We all knew she wasn't really happy with the Arrangement, but then this isn't a perfect world. Not by a long chalk.”
What was left of me the next day did wonder; he could surely not have been so devious as to.... could he have?
“She was with her lover, an American businessman”, Sherlock said carefully, clearly watching for any reaction from me. “A fellow called Mr. Walter Clinton. She had claimed that he was merely escorting her on a trip to see a friend, but…..”
“Eventually”, he grinned, his clever tongue forcing its way inside my ready hole. “But appetizers always come before the main course.”
“I shall be sixty myself very soon”, he said fingering his engraved cock-ring, “and I needed this to hold me back.”
“I do not think so”, the chief-inspector said. “You see, it is like this. He obtained a job at Fortnum & Mason's, the famous department store, and although I have no idea what he does there I do know that it is not full-time. Last year Gareth fell ill and needed expensive hospital treatment. The family rallied round of course, but Mercy was a bit surprised when Galahad insisted on paying his share. It seemed a lot for someone who only worked part-time in a shop and she wondered.... well.... she wondered where he was getting the money.”
Thankfully the new husband had had the foresight to have had a second smaller wedding-cake to hand which had been almost completely made of chocolate. The remains of which John was allowed to take away with him afterwards, and over which he did not coo with happiness as he carried it back to our cottage and would I kindly cut with the smirking?
It was odd that the leering pest had worded his message in that particular way, because he was in fact quite wrong. So there!
Mr. Holmes outlined his scheme to me in more detail. I was I will admit a little dubious, albeit more over my own abilities than in his. I had of course to explain everything to Sarah when I got back and although I feared that she might fret, she was fully supportive of the whole idea.
I grinned and raised his sleepy head, running a finger through his ever-present stubble and kissing him on the lips.
“Mr. Ollerton said in a statement that he saw Sergeant Whitefeather standing just across the road”, he said, “and that he ran off rather than come to help. He gave a pretty damn good description and all.”
“That is odd”, I said, “because when the police came to arrest her this morning, her psychic powers had apparently failed to forewarn her of such a development. Rather bad timing on their part as it means that she is now behind bars.”
I looked up as I spoke and noticed for the first time a small photograph of two men standing very stiff. One of them was clearly Mr. Troilus Gable, while the other was a young fellow of about twelve years of age.
“It really is wonderful on Tane's island, sir”, Mr. Little rumbled. “You should consider moving there yourself.”
It is probably an unmanly thing to admit to, but sometimes I had an almost insatiable need to cu.... to come and be held by my mate. Of course he knew that this was one of those times and he gently took hold of me as I eased up against his muscled body, sighing happily as I surrendered to sleep. The world and its troubles could wait a little longer. John had his Sherlock and that was all that truly mattered.
“Let me tell you a little story, Mrs. Start”, he said. “It concerns a landlady who, to her grave misfortune, acquires a most
He led us inside. The building had evidently been converted into lodgings like our own 221B; I saw a gentleman in pyjamas and a dressing-gown come out of a kitchen at the far end of the corridor too half-asleep to even notice us, and slouch into what was presumably his room. Mr. West led us through a door on the left into what was very obviously a gentleman's room and bade us sit down.
The Blériot XI‡ looked pathetically fragile, as if a gust of wind might reduce it to the pile of matchwood that it had seemingly been created out of. Barely eight yards long with a similar length wingspan, it was an odd thought that the express railway locomotives of today could still go twice its top speed of less than fifty miles per hour. Although of course the plane did have certain advantages, and I wondered just how long it would be before they were soaring round the world and changing Mankind much as the railway had done at its advent.
I managed to slip away from John to use the bathroom in the local tavern, and used that time to slip out the back and meet Day so that I could pay him for his 'services'. If we strode back in chatting like old friends who had 'just happened' to meet up, the furious look on John's face said that I would be regretting that very soon.
“Greg, a friend of his is doctor to Miss Beatrice Hallows”, he said, “the lady who  is being courted by one Lord Tobias Hawke. Greg called Peter in to confirm a diagnosis for him; Miss Hallows can never have children.”
John scowled at me. Apparently I did snigger. Oh dear, and now he was pouting. Not a wise decision, all things considered.
The man’s expression did not change but I definitely saw him tense. I wondered also at the use of the word 'two'.
“The main problem of course would be his remaining uncle, who had the administering of his own estates and whom he did not like at all. He employed the services of a friend of his who had become an actress, one Miss Lily Baker. She obtained a post working for his uncle as a maid by the simple expedient of paying one of his existing staff to leave without notice. Her presence 'in the enemy camp' would play an important role in the deception that was to come.”
It was another cold Galvidian morning and our journey was slowed by the heavy fog, but we eventually turned off the main road and along the by-road down into Mazarin. I found the bumpy road particularly uncomfortable and matters (along with the ache in my poor backside) were not helped by a certain someone's knowing smirk. We passed over the railway and stopped by the field where the village constable was standing close to the stone.
“Why tomorrow?” Miss Kelley asked. “And how did you know the date of the August attack before we told you?”
“That is just a store-room, sir”, Mr. Jukes said, clearly puzzled. “The room with the items in it is over the other side.”
“Then I got the letter from the blackguard demanding to know what the hell was going on”, he said. “I knew what would happen when I told Scott; sure enough Derek came over that same day and they slipped out of the camp that evening. I put Pitt on duty with McCullough as I knew they could both be trusted to not see what needed to be not seen. My sister let me know he was with her the next day; they live in an isolated place so there is little chance of his being found even in a search.”
It was a good year, made better when the marriages from the one before both produced sons. Young Lord Harry's wife gave him the first Hawke of the next generation whom he named Tobias after his brother (Sherlock was so happy to see that name in the new generation) Meanwhile my adoptive nephew Stephen married a formidable Canadian lady called Miss Georgina Grissom. And my niece Mary gave her loud American husband (who having decided to settle in Scotland had actually been served with a Noise Abatement Order by the local council!) a son, whom he named Buckler after himself.
“Only to going back to bed and trying out those new panties that arrived yesterday!” he grinned. “You, there, naked, five minutes.”
I knew the unspoken truth behind what he was saying. The likelihood that there would soon be Watson grandsons running around – except unlike my own they would never know their grandfather, while my grandson's wedding might soon produce great-grandsons for me. Life was unfair at times.
Hence a few days later John and I decamped to Paddington Station for the long journey all the way to Penzance at the furthest point west of God's Wonderful Railway; a certain hazel-eyed someone had once very unfairly suggested that I liked this company because they clearly shared my utter lack of modesty! Normally a long train journey anywhere in England (and sometimes even a short one) would have been cause for the sort of activities which would have had a certain English city doctor staggering out of his compartment at the end of his journey in need of a lie-down, but I did not suggest such a thing just now. Instead he just leaned into me and we relaxed as the train set off.
“You are sure that you did not miss it, or perhaps took it with you?” I asked trying to hold my voice steady. “Maybe it was unpacked in London and left there?”
He looked at me in confusion. I was going to have a whole lot of sexual frustration to work off later if he kept that up. Good!
He shrugged and went back to his newspaper. I growled angrily, and he looked over at me in surprise.
1908. John gets a shock when someone rats on a deal in such a way that not even Sherlock can put things right. There are sports events, ideal homes and an annexation that again comes close to sending the Continent spinning into war.
“Mr. Tudor told me that he was your grandson because I was family and you had said I could be trusted”, he said, continuing to avoid my eye. “He admitted me and he was so... so....”
With the country still struggling to cover from the Depression, the government was holding a Silver Jubilee to mark King George the Fifth's twenty-five years on the throne so Chuffingden was once more bedecked in red, white and blue. I felt privately that the gathering clouds over Germany's increasing aggression coupled with our beloved monarch's worrisome son and heir who seemed to actually admire Herr Hitler could not be so easily partied away, but I kept my thoughts to myself and the resident mind-reader. Besides, we marked the occasion with three sets of patriotic panties, none of which would survive to see 1936.
I exchanged a smirk with Jack and just thought of both that delicious cake and, more importantly, the Charger's back seat....
Our first Christmas in the cottage was memorable as I possibly went a little overboard in my decorating (all right I went mad!). Although I was sure that neither Mrs. Malone nor Mrs. Rockland would have cared just how many decorations we had put up in our rooms there had always been a slight restraint knowing that at the end of the day 221B was someone else's house, no matter how much it felt like ours. Now I was free to decorate everything and anything, and I duly did. The vicar, round for a visit one day, remarked that it looked like Christmas had exploded inside the place, but Sherlock loved it and I shall always cherish the memory of my love wearing the Santa hat with the little bell on it.
“Because of the physical nature of the sport and the risk that it might devolve into just a brawl, there are unwritten rules about what players can and cannot do to each other”, he explained. “For the Alnwick players to have broken those rules, something serious had to have happened.”
Late on Thursday he actually fell asleep while impaling me in the bath, which embarrassed him horribly. I could see that he was flagging so while he was using the bathroom I covertly raised the Cornish flag on the flagpole outside.
I turned a colour that was probably redder than his best shirt. I was in no position to lie to him – I was in no position to do anything if truth be told! – and he clearly knew or at least suspected something was afoot.
She looked at me as if she wanted to hit me. I really hoped that she would try; John would take her down in a flash.
They did. The sergeant agreed to release Ivan into my custody pending a formal dismissal of charges which he was sure would soon follow. I had wanted to see my son from the moment that we arrived in the town but a mixture of fears that we might fail him and that I was, after all, someone that he barely knew had held me back.
I smiled at his gentle teasing of his mostly silent stepfather, and brother to John's lest favourite Cornish ex-fisherman of all time. Then our visitor's expression changed slightly.
This was one of those adventures which, strictly speaking, did not really constitute a case. Yet the outcome was rather amusing and indeed it led to that rare thing, Sherlock telling a lie. And in the end showing once more just how much he truly loved me.
“This is serious”, Sherlock said. “We will sanction the release of the body to Miss Dallas but I think we might be better finding lodgings in Kirkcudbright and coming here to resume our investigations tomorrow. We will not divulge your findings as such save to say that we know that he was shot at a distance.”
1914. As all the experts are proven wrong (again) about the brevity of this new war, at least one family member is spared the horrors of the trenches.
“With sex on the beach”, he said cheekily. And as I struggled for breath, he added, “wearing only our new sweaters!”
Some time later when I could walk again we took a train down to Southampton where we had planned to take the 'Celtic' to our new life in the United States. I had fears that we might not make it as that winter there had been a coal strike in England, and I knew that many ships were laid up so there was likely a huge backlog of passengers and freight. The strike had finished two days before we left London but it would surely take some days for coal stocks to be built up again, and I very much feared that a smaller ship like the 'Celtic' would be one of the casualties.
“My client is Miss Elizabeth Woodhouse”, Sherlock explained, “who saw your half-brother in a picture and had somewhat strong feelings as a result. Her formidable and excessively loud friend Miss Holston Radley-Barnham was the lady who spoke
“Had to get the top done a second time”, I said airily. “You know the sort of marks we get on the pitch. Come on in.”
It was the following morning and I was enjoying a light breakfast – only eight rashers of bacon – when John limped down to join me.
“People will always want self-determination”, Sherlock said. “But unfortunately they do not live in nice neat packages, so many countries lay claim to the lands of others because a few people of their own culture live just across the border, like Germany did over Alsace and Lorraine last century. Then you have those who want to start new nations, yet seem as bigoted and inflexible as those already in the game.”
“We both work there”, he said confusing me still further. “You will not tell his mother? The poor lady would be mortified!”
“What else have you gathered from those social pages that you only ever very rarely glance at in passing?” I inquired. “When of course you have the time and if you just happen to be in the vicinity of a newspaper open at that particular set of pages.”
“We are on the Marylebone Road”, I said, “one of the busiest thoroughfares in London. If we were not being followed by several dozen cabs, something would be wrong. Check the gun and be ready. It is not far now.”
“This new relative of mine – as if I do not have more than enough of the things already! – says that the matter concerns him and some of his fellow members of the Bernician Royals Rugby Club”, I said. “He works on the railway so perhaps that may also be relevant. An odd Christian name, Brencis. It sounds foreign.”
He was right about human nature, unfortunately. There was nothing more likely to make people want to read something than denying them the chance so to do.
I looked at our visitor curiously. He looked back in surprise. The clock ticked loudly in the corner of the room.
The sun was setting and the skies over Chuffingden were an angry red except for a single break in the clouds that, bizarrely, shone down to a spot by our front gate. Guiding my love's way to Heaven, I thought, remembering that painting we had seen in Mr. Galahad LeStrade's art gallery in London over thirty-five years ago. 'The Eve Of The War' indeed....
This was the year of the Amsterdam Olympic Games, although my enjoyment of reading about then was somewhat marred by a sprained ankle I had sustained when.... well,
“Possibly”, Sherlock smiled. “Now, I think that I have gone for long enough without your delicious body so come over here and try my lance-a-lot!”
“Our car is apparently not only female but also named after an electrical term”, Sherlock said glumly, sounding like he was the most put-upon fellow in the history of ever (hah!). “I wanted to eat a packet of crisps as we were driving here but your uncle insisted that we pull over so that I would not soil 'her’.”
“I have not”, he said huffily, “but I was reading in the library yesterday when she came in. I was in one of those nooks so she did not see me. She had three very rough-looking men with her, and they were talking.”
“Very little”, she frowned. “It is all incredibly vexatious. Elizabeth works in a bakery in Milford Street, next door to a photographic studio where they display some of their work in their window. Recently they put up this picture of four soldiers in uniform and she told me that she thought one of them was – I cannot believe that someone of my acquaintance actually uttered that dreadful word –
“Beatty, one of the servants who used to wait on my mother”, he said. “She knew. Mother left her a letter admitting all, and said she might let me know 'if the need arose'. I suppose she read that speculation in the papers last week about my.... about Matthew. He knew, did he not?”
It was fortunate that Bren did not like reading the newspapers, for there was an article in the 'Times' the following morning that would have made him mad enough to track down the writer and tear them limb from limb (not that I would have stopped him). The normally cautious paper had in reporting our awards come perilously close to saying that we were.... well, that we
I was surprised when my second telegram was answered in person by a visitor to Baker Street the following day, for it was none other than Sheikh Khalid of Arbir who we had helped out some months back over my other nephew's 'somewhat irregular' weekend jobs. Plural.
I had been granted what at the time had seemed only a temporary respite last year when my nephew Jack had come down with some form of winter flu which had barely waited until autumn, and it had not been until the start of this year that he had finally been able to sign up. I knew that Stevie was desperately unhappy and Hetty resigned to it but it turned out that the Gods of luck were with us Watsons for once; my nephew was found to have a mild degenerative eye condition which, while it would not greatly affect his sight in normal everyday use, made his wielding a gun unwise. Instead he joined up in a non-military capacity which, although I was sure he did not like it, made all around him heave a (silent) sight of relief. Especially as we knew that his disinherited younger brother 'Heinrich' was on the front line fighting for the enemy.
What had made me even angrier however was the discovery soon afterwards that the major had been informed not just by Anne but also by the Army of his son's actions, and they had been offered the chance to have him returned home only for the bastard to insist that the full punishment be carried out. Had it not been for the wonderful Lieutenant Carton-Jones (who survived the war but was severely traumatized by his experience; Sherlock and I made sure to take care of both him and his family in Monmouthshire) we would not have known until it would have been too late. I hated the villainous squire for that!
“The scrum-half is the fellow who pretty much controls the backs or the defensive half of the team”, he explained. “Oftentimes the captain and nearly always a good kicker. The hooker is the middle man of the front row of the scrum and usually controls that; the props are the men either side of him.”
“I come now to the strange part”, my visitor said. “On the same day that Mr. Troilus confronted his father, Mrs. Bollinger sent him a message in which she warned him that his younger son was trying to prevent their communicating and pleading with him to ignore the fellow. The strange part was that the telegram that Mrs. Bollinger sent was of course timed – to half an hour
In October a chance arose to travel to London to hear a Trafalgar Day concert which would feature a new piece by Mr. Henry Wood. I was initially reluctant to go mostly because I feared any disruption to my happy existence but Sherlock eventually 'persuaded' me (use your imagination!). We could have easily travelled on to Baker Street to see the Rocklands afterwards but we instead arranged to meet them at my favourite Trafalgar Street restaurant. I was doubly glad at that; 221B belonged to the past and I wanted to remember it fondly while walking boldly into my future with the man I loved.
Unfortunately, it seemed that the gods of luck were not to be on our side. Mr. Battenberg's flight on the twenty-fifth was due to take off at ten o' clock so we had arranged to leave our hotel at a little before nine to be there in case anything happened. But the previous night had seen a tremendous storm sweep through Middlesex and although the day itself dawned bright and sunny, the single road leading up to our hotel was under nearly three foot of water. The only way out was a half-mile walk to a deserted road north of the place from where we had a further half-mile into the nearest village before we could find a cab to take us to the air-base.
“The discussions at Versailles have not gone as I might have hoped”, Sherlock said, “but I find it incredulous that some in Germany seem to think that despite having caused this whole mess, they should not pay for it. One does not commit a crime and expect to get away with it 'because'.”
“The lads call the two of us Beauty and the Beast”, he admitted ruefully. “Ned.... he's class even though he roughs it with the rest of us. I can see why me might go for Bill or Jay; they're the only ones in the team anything like as good-looking as he is. Thing is I don't think he's the sort – but I did think that if I saw it then perhaps someone else did.”
“Mr. David Baddesley and Mr. Denzel Baddesley”, he said silkily. “So good of you to accept my kind and generous invitation.”
“Balfour will not let this fellow out of the country”, Randall said firmly. “We need the Americans too much to let this sort of thing come between us, just because one of their citizens wanted to get his leg over. They want him to go back and face justice there.”
Only then did I realize a second impossibility; he was exactly the same as when we had first met in Inverwick over half a century ago. He had not changed much by the last time I had seen him in Suffolk some eighteen years after that, but now he was.... well, he was unchanged after half a century!
“That must have been when we were fitting the new mirror in the bedroom”, Sherlock said unhelpfully. “It was quite difficult to... get it up, so we cannot have heard you.”
“'Hal And Thor, Definitely Not Cuddling'”, he announced. “They have certainly both grown up into fine young men.”
“He came with his brothers but they only stayed one night before travelling on to some business they had in Kent”, she said. “He was with me on Saturday after my performance – I am an actress and it was my first weekend at the 'Gaumont' in Shaftesbury Avenue – and when I got back to my dressing-room he was crawling all over the floor. It was most shocking but he refused to allow me to call a doctor, and after a night’s rest he seemed to have fully recovered. I would hazard that you might be thinking alcohol, gentlemen, but he has an extremely low tolerance for the stuff and always prefers water or lemonade. Besides, I too do not drink and did not have any alcohol in my room at the time.”
The village itself had made a small (minuscule) contribution to the war; I remember the old iron railings being removed to help 'the war effort' and although I doubted they would be much use to anyone I supposed that it all helped to boost morale. And I had purchased one of the new 'Milk Tray' chocolate selections for my brother to take back to his wife. They were I knew most excellent because I had very selflessly purchased a second box and tested them, despite some smirking blue-eyed bastard just... smirking!
“I might not say no to sex if it’s on offer, though”, he smiled, running his hand up and down my leg and making me shudder as he neared the top. “But like you, my beautiful Jumbo, that comes later. Besides, there's the question of whether or not it would fit.”
1905. Sherlock finally gets his bees, John catches up with his writings, a lot of things needs testing, and a postman is suddenly very busy.
Cornish mining engineers working in Egypt who were paid handsomely to disguise themselves as two Coptic Patriarchs headed to England. Both men were murdered on a train near Okehampton so that the blame could be laid at the door of the Foreign Office, to which Randall was attached. Sherlock secured a large sum for both men's families.
One English doctor who would not be quite so sassy next time lay gasping on our bed. I allowed myself a large smirk. I had earned it.
We lay there for some little time before he peeled himself back off of me and wiped us both down. Only then did he slowly pull out and cu... edge himself up against me holding me in a manly embrace as we both fell asleep, broken and exhausted. I was so damn lucky!
“There was an outbreak of disease in the capital which had Cal worried”, our guest continued, “as he knew that outsiders like me were more susceptible to it. Luckily it also meant that traditionally the sheikh was expected to suspend his, ahem, activities while dealing with it, so I took the chance to come home for a while. I went to see my parents in Norfolk first; their new house in Caister is quite spectacular with its views. Blaze was looking particularly happy and sends his regards; he managed a whole two sentences at one point.”
I looked pointedly at Captain Higgins, whose smile was now off the scale. Mr. Magnum followed my gaze and, finally, got it.
“That’d be a London way of thinking, sir”, the constable said flatly. “You’d be away back to the Great Wen in a few days; I have to spend the rest of my life here with these people. Upsetting them isn’t wise.”
It had been a frantic start to the year, with a horrible influenza epidemic that March that was claiming up to a thousand lives a day at its peak. The worst effects were of course in London but even in Sussex we had a few cases, and I went round more of the local villages than usual to ease the load on the other doctors.
Our meeting-place with the sheikh was very different from last time. This was his Throne Room, where the monarch was elevated several feet above everyone else and dressed in his traditional Arbirian robes complete with a very sharp-looking scimitar at his belt. He greeted us as pleasantly as before however, and we were guided to behind an ornate wooden screen from where we could watch what was about to unfold. There were chairs, a table and even a plate with coffee, barley-sugars and, for some reason, several slices of chocolate cake that made 'someone' actually whine (manfully, of course).
As I have mentioned elsewhere we still received a lot of correspondence through Mrs. Rockland in Baker Street, even five years after our departure. There were of course many appeals for Sherlock to investigate this or that case, but from time to time we had contacts with old friends who asked for help. One such came at the start of this year when the twins Balin and Balan Selkirk, whom we had helped when they had started their hotel on the shores of Lake Windermere, inherited a large plot of land over in the United States from an aunt that they had not even been aware was still alive, only for the whole thing to become entangled in legal problems. Sherlock was able to use his contacts to sort things out for them and they received some handsome proceeds from the sale of the land, part of which they insisted on donating to Sherlock's orphanage.
“Shortly the doctor will be taking this poisonous confectionery back down to Oxford where he will test it at the laboratory, before returning here”, he said. “The chemical in them is in itself relatively harmless. But when combined with a certain other chemical, the result on the person unfortunate enough to imbibe them both and at the same time is dramatic. It involves two things; complete loss of bodily control and rapid hair growth. Though I have not met him I would wager that the earl did not take well to seeing his youngest son struck down in this way.”
“Carl”, he said warningly, “if I go and then find what you have just said is untrue, you know that I will come straight back without seeing her. I mean it!”
It seemed bizarre to see all that naval power rendered almost to naught, ship after ship either sunk down in the shallow waters or rolled completely over. I supposed that with time many of them would be recovered (and the German Empire would be footing the bill no matter how much they complained) but it just seemed a waste. Even if those ships had been of the enemy they were still things of beauty that could have been put to better uses. I felt depressed at the fact that they were gone.
“The local landowner, Malcolm, Lord Fleet”, our visitor said. “He owns nearly all the land south and east of the village and recently he purchased a block of land between his estate and the railway line so as to enable him to more safely have hunting parties in his woods. Unfortunately he has trampled all over local sensibilities in the process; the villagers used that land to access the river and now they cannot reach it, at least not without a long detour. He has threatened to shoot anyone who tries to cross it and they have responded with attacks on his fences and hedges. It is not much as yet but the gentlemen on both sides are very hot-headed, and I fear that matters may soon escalate further.”
I grinned and waited for him to remove the vibrator and get down to business. I got the shock of my life when, after he had placed it beside us both, he hoisted my legs up and started applying his tongue around my entrance.
There was one passing of note that year, although neither Sherlock nor I dwelt on it. Lady Amelia Dundas died, of a stroke apparently. I wish that I could say that I mourned her, but frankly I was glad that she was gone and that that chapter of Sherlock's life was closed.
“Remember our case in 'Marseilles'?” Sherlock teased as we walked back to Rensselaer. Mrs. Rockland had wished her aunt's house to be sold on as a business and my friend had used his connections to find someone who could take it on.
1935. There is talk of a potentially important divorce, while the shed behind 'Elementary' gets both a new light and a coat of paint.
with the French – did not change things as his son and successor George the Fifth made it clear that he too would back the change.
“The estate also has some interests in the West Country”, Lady Bradstock said, “and this March my father-in-law decided to pay them a visit. You may remember that it was unseasonably damp around that time and he returned with a chill which he was unable to shake off for some weeks. I should not speak ill of the man who has been so kind to me, but I am afraid dear Nathaniel does tend towards prevarication, avoiding matters which are better dealt with sooner rather than later. Though we do not know for sure it seems that he has not made any decision upon the succession as of yet, which would mean that the bulk of the estate would be divided equally amongst his three sons upon his death.”
The following day saw us take the Special Scotch Express (it would not become the Flying Scotsman until 1924) from King's Cross to Newcastle where we could get a local train to Whitley Bay, from where my half-nephew would collect us. Poor John was in very bad shape; even the padded seats of first-class gave his sorely-abused backside little rest. But then if he would boast like that....
We had another addition to our own family when incredibly Sherlock's fifth great-grandchild was another boy, Peter being young Lord Harry's fifth son in succession! The young dog!
An alphabetical list of all 366 cases (184 narrated by John, 165 by Sherlock, 1 by them both, 16 by other people) and assorted other stories.
“The journalists there owed me a favour”, Mr. Holmes said. “That and inventing this mysterious gang of killers out to murder me more than pays their debt, I would say.”
When I had asked Sherlock to pick me up something from the sweet-shop to celebrate his nephew Tantalus's newest grandson Tane, this had definitely
“Yes”, he said seemingly just as shattered. “Wow. Uh, Stevie is picking us up from the station so perhaps we had better try tor make ourselves sort of presentable?”
It would have been quite shameful of me to feel proud at the wrecked form of my lover limping down the stairs, looking like he had just gone through three consecutive rugby matches (and lost every one). General Sherlock had most definitely made Field-Marshal – three times!
“Father had had an affair with an Indian woman about two years after I was born”, he said. “George and Tom – the other men in the picture – they knew and managed things for him so that I would not find out. He had been named Hector. partly because of the half-brother thing and partly because my father loved Ancient Greek tales, and he had had the best education that money could buy. When Father died I had to be told.”
That was no idle threat. Last year there had been a horrendous family affair arranged by Lady Holmes to which I had been quite glad not to have been invited – until a grumpy Sherlock had gone there and discovered that his eldest brother Mycroft had been in charge of the invitations and had 'forgotten' to post mine. My beloved had arrived at the family home to find everyone else’s spouse or partner was in attendance. He had immediately turned round and had come straight home despite his family’s efforts to get him to change his mind. I knew also that he had not spoken to his eldest brother since, although as I have said previously there was little love lost between them especially after Sherlock's involvement in the latter's divorce. Mycroft Holmes only kept his disapproval of our relationship under wraps because as Sherlock wryly put it, 'the arm of the law is long, but the arm of Mother is longer'.
We had also had a fortunate escape with Billy – the insatiable Mr. Benjamin Jackson-Giles's second son – who had survived against the odds on the Western Front. His time there had been curtailed when he had been asked to escort his friend Sherlock's nephew young Major Carlyon Holmes back to England, as the latter had suffered a leg injury and I know that his noble father feared for his welfare, but fortunately he and Billy grew as close as his father was to Danny, the two younger men joining the two elder in the 'House of Sin and Ill-Repute' as Danny called it.
The owner of Holbeche Hall in Staffordshire. Six years ago back he had murdered a servant Thomas Tellus who was leaving for the States, and had concealed the act by replacing the guy on the bonfire with the dead man. Recently he had sacked an old servant who unbeknown to him had known what had happened and had contacted Thomas's son Peter, who came home to England and was told all. He did the same to Guy.
“That witch!” he snorted. “She has grandpapa wrapped around her little finger, especially as he doted on my poor uncle. I would do anything to expose her for the liar she really is.”
Like out mother now lying there in her final rest, Ben had never been easy with what was known in the family as The Arrangement, which basically involved my godfather fucking my father for money. I nodded, and we both watched as our brother Joe led our blubbering father away. After all those formal events – twenty christenings and that was before one started counting the grand-children and great-grand-children –  I might have thought he would have gotten over his terror of such things by now, but he was as bad as ever.
The reason that Anne, who I had come to think very highly of, had turned to me was that her marriage to Ivan had led to an estrangement with his 'father', Major Matthew Leeds who was now the squire at Stoke Fratrum whence we had once visited him and his wife Elizabeth – my brief, one-time lover. One of her widower's failings was an ardent hatred of Catholics and his prospective daughter-in-law's faith had been too much for him, even though Ivan had made it clear that any children they had would be allowed to choose their own religion when they were old enough.
