“A person whom I happen to be dating, officially now,” Greg said, grinning. “Side benefit of that, I find out all kinds of delightful things about a certain chemist’s past.”
Most ingredients he didn’t measure. He had a bloodhound’s nose and a chemist’s intuition, and the pair of those senses had never let him down in the kitchen. Spices were added in pinches, each followed by a waft and a sniff of the mixture’s current aroma, then another pinch of two of spices to adjust...he stirred and melted and whisked and fluffed, and his fingertips began to be stained with cinnamon, clove, and nutmeg.
“You got these from Mycroft.” It wasn’t a question, and Sherlock’s tone gave away nothing. Sherlock dropped the coat, then sat down next to it and began fishing in the pockets for his lock picks.
It’s one of those weeks again, I can already tell. I keep telling myself it’s not like last time, but the hollow feeling doesn’t listen, maybe can’t listen, and it whispers in the night or in the surgery in between patients or when I’m waiting in line at prêt-
And it had taken him some time, longer than he cared to admit, but Sherlock had eventually worked out that Doctor John “Not Gay” “Three Continents” Watson was bisexual.
“No.” Sherlock saw no reason to lie. Lestrade was being tiresome and he did not appreciate the sudden noise.
After five minutes, the familiar “This message could not be delivered” has not appeared. John throws on a coat, grabs his doctor’s bag and gun (it’s Sherlock, after all) and leaves the Baker Street apartment, unaware that he’s taking the steps two at a time. He’s not waiting for Mycroft’s damn car.
Sherlock nodded. “Every other day, yes, that will keep the cold away. And. I. Yes. To the other part. Thank you.”
Dear readers, if you are still here thank you for sticking with me though a medical disaster, move to a different state, and job change! I am hoping that I will have time to work on this fic more now that my life has chilled out a bit.
Lestrade was not pleased when they walked into his office at five minutes before noon. Sherlock rolled his eyes when Lestrade complained about them following the letter of his instructions while still managing to be a huge pain in the arse, or something like that. Sherlock couldn’t be certain-he tuned Lestrade’s voice out almost immediately he began speaking in favour of sneaking glances at John.
“Ever the dramatic, Lestrade,” he said, while John smirked. Well. That was one potential disaster avoided, at least.
“He’s always around here, making a nuisance of himself,” Mike said. “Begging body parts off the medical examiner, stealing my time on the liquid chromatograph. He’s a terror.”
John is embarrassed by the text messages he keeps sending even though his rational brain insists that Sherlock is not seeing them.
Sherlock glanced at Greg, considering. The DI was clearly hiding something, but there was pitifully little evidence to lead him to what, exactly, the man was hiding. He eyed the glass that was now in John’s hand. Unremarkable, plastic, pale yellow coloured liquid inside. He glanced back at the bar, but the bottle that Greg had poured from must have been whisked away, or finished already.
The second warning was the thin fold with a staple in the middle along the first edge that he revealed as he tore off a strip of paper.
“Oh, paying attention again are you?” Lestrade asked. “Either you two are coming down here and giving statements before noon or you are banned from cases indefinitely. You know that chief inspector is still on my arse about you consulting.”
“I’ll explain the pills,” Sherlock offered. “If you stitch me up. I’ll explain them and then if you still want me to go to the hospital I will.” It’s the very last concession that he has to offer, because he has never looked into what the medical establishment knows about his condition.
When John’s brain caught up to Sherlock’s words, he pushed his chair back, causing his cane to clatter to the floor. He ignored it in favor of bracing himself against the side of the table, and carefully made his way around to Sherlock’s side. Taking a deep breath, he caught Sherlock’s hand, which was still holding the card, between both of his.
“Mmmph,” Sherlock mumbled, toeing off his shoes as his knees hit the bed and he flopped face-first into the duvet.
But once she’d said the words out loud it was like flipping a switch in my brain and Sherlock fucking Holmes was the only name, the only thing on my mind. One day while I was at work I suppose Mary was busy, because I came home to find my stuff neatly boxed up and sitting on the doorstep, and the locks changed on the door. (And window. I’m not ashamed to admit that I checked.) Well, after that there was only one place that I knew I could go, no questions asked (for a couple days at least, until Mrs. Hudson’s curiosity overcame her), so I went there, and that’s why I’m here at 221B Baker Street shaving (poorly) with shaking hands and a limp.
“I like christmas cake,” Sherlock said. He didn’t intend to sound petulant but once the words were out, he realized that he definitely did.
“I’m being perfectly clear,” Mycroft replied, rolling his eyes. “You are, doubtless, aware that there are been multiple…periods in my brother’s life when I have lost track of him, so to speak.”
“I’ve already got us both tea, yours is just with milk how you like it, over here,” Sherlock replied, steering John towards a table beside a heater.
He tried to sleep off the highs, in order to better resist addiction. The less pleasure he remembered having from the experience, the easier it would be to break it when he got free. Sherlock was 85% sure that his addiction had not yet returned in full force; the small amounts of cocaine remained insufficient to bring back the hateful symptoms of withdrawal.
“Hey John, can you come have a look at this body we’ve found?” Lestrade sounds more stressed than usual. “It’s...well, I don’t know what to say about it. But I figure you could take some pictures and text them to him, and look it over yourself...” John gives a little huff of laughter. He never did get around to coming clean to Lestrade, and now he actually could show Sherlock a picture of this latest crime scene…
“This place is never open,” Sherlock said. “Look around. There are unique strains of at least ten different poisonous plants in here, all designed in-house. Security on this greenhouse is tight.”
Sherlock dared another glance at John through the window of his fingers. His face was very serious, and he cold anger seemed to have returned to his eyes.
why would he do that, why would he say it the exact same way as last time he’s not random, not imprecise like that--
“Everyone’s phone will ring at once, and when we answer them, there’s nobody on the other end, just weird music and a recorded message,” Lestrade said. “It’s freaked quite a few people out and they’ve stopped answering.”
This is a shorter chapter, a bit of a teaser really. Sorry about that...the next one will (probably) be a lot longer. Cheers, and thanks for reading!
“John Watson,” the man had said softly, not looking at him. John gave a little nod, unsure who this was and how he knew his name. “Muggle-born,” the man continued, taking a short holly wand from the breast pocket of his robes (bone white, trimmed with green) and laying it on the table beside his cup of tea. “Raised by a single parent, with a younger...sister, I would say, but the nickname she goes by is generally considered a boy’s name. Your sister’s a muggle like both your parents, and already showing the alcoholic tendencies that destroyed your parents’ relationship before you were born.”
“Charming as usual, Anderson,” Sherlock shot back. “You, one the other hand, have not had a date in the how long is it now? Four months since Donovan left you?” He chanced a look at John, who grinned at him. All right. This is still normal, at least.
John’s next words caught in his throat. Sherlock had hinted at this before, but the confirmation stunned him.
“Tell me what you need, Sherlock,” John sighed when they finally broke apart for air. “I’m yours,” he murmured as he planted kisses on that long, pale neck. “I’ll give you anything you need,” John panted. “Anything.”
“Why? Tired,” he said. It had been a long day of sitting motionless (or as close as a fidgety detective and bored doctor could manage) behind a dumpster followed by a sudden and unsuccessful chase through a sleepy Hebrides town that ended with the both of them wet, muddy, and exhausted.
“Is my nudity making you uncomfortable, John?” Sherlock asked. “Perhaps you could grab my robe from the coat rack? I believe we’re almost done here.”
“My tie seems to have been taken,” he said. “I don’t know where it could possibly have gotten to.” Sherlock hoped that his expression was still neutral. Someone he did not recognize at the Gryffindor table snickered loudly.
The following week, on a Thursday, Sherlock prepared to execute the second experiment. The idea came to him one night while he was playing one of Accolay’s violin concertos.
“Aren’t you…I don’t know, going to ask me a bunch of inane questions about all this?” Sherlock asked, waving his hand at the pill bottle on the coffee table.
“Cold. I’m so cold and I can’t get warm. The pills should have worked by now. Everything is hateful,” Sherlock mumbled.
John was stunned into silence, aghast that Sherlock would bring up something he had been trying so hard to forget.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked down, taking in the parts of John that were no longer covered by bubbles from the spilled shampoo bottle. His face flushed--this was not in one of the three possible outcomes of the conversation that he had planned for and he wasn’t sure what to do.
Then Sherlock bit, tentatively at first, and John’s mind flooded with sensation. He understood with razor clarity what Sherlock had meant by saying it was a lot and in spite of the stinging burn in his neck that seemed to be intensifying the longer Sherlock kept drinking, John wanted it to continue forever. He wanted the warmth to continue pouring out of himself, filling Sherlock until every cell of him was rosy and warm from John.
“I’m going to bed,” Sherlock said, rising stiffly to his feet. “Rest assured I pose no threat to you. I’ll move out in the morning if that’s what you need.”
“Think they’ve got enough decorations?” John asked, glancing around the greenhouse. “I think they’ve covered just about every single seasonally-appropriate greeting.”
mansion, you mean.” He meant it to sound angry, but it just came out as sad. “Every Holmes since the beginning of Hogwarts has been a Slytherin. Every single one. And you think I want to go back there?” His friend’s eyes were shining with fat tears, one of which wobbled on his eyelashes, and suddenly John felt something crack apart in his chest.
Sherlock watched his tea steep. The water closest to the bag took on an orangey tint that gradually spread outwards, and as he poked it with a spoon it swirled into the rest of the cup. He glanced at the fridge and decided – no way to get the fridge open and the milk out without turning to look at John. He dropped the spoon and sopping tea bag in the sink, then gingerly took a sip.
“Awake then?” John asked. “I made you tea. I—I was worried. Is it normal to be so sleepy after…um, after?”
“Like...I don’t know, wearing old clothes and and I’ve probably got grass stains on these jeans, and mud on my shoes, and I don’t know what else,” John said.
“Watson,” Professor Sprout called. “I would think that as a future Auror medic you would be very interested in medicinal herbs. I expect that you will be relying on them often in your work.“
John was examining a body. With Lestrade, and without him, Sherlock. This was certainly the end, though no matter how Sherlock arranged and rearranged his memories of their more recent interactions with the DI he couldn’t find any angle from which it made sense. But clearly John had decided to end their…whatever it was, and now preferred to go on cases with Lestrade.
John didn’t realize he was gaping until Sherlock called his name a second time. “John, that gentleman over there is Brian Carruthers,” the detective explained. “He has been sketching me for the past 60 minutes.”
Sherlock broke into his stash of comfort chemicals. He knew John would not approve, but Lestrade had been insufferable with his implications and sly looks. He needed an outlet for his frustration and if he turned back to chemicals, well, he could hardly be blamed.
“Well, you, actually,” John said without looking at Sherlock. Mechanically he pulled it from his pocket and handed it over.
I’ve got myself into a mess with Lestrade this time, I type. I think I actually just impersonated you on purpose. JW
“Okay.” John shuffled along behind him, laughing with a slight “oohf” when Sherlock bent to open the oven door and bumped into him with his hips, sending the pair of them backwards a few steps.
“I don’t like this at all,” John grumbled. “When we get home, I’m putting burn cream on those feet and bandaging them and you will stay off them for as long as I say to.”
Half the mug’s contents later, he reflected that he did not wish to speak with John any time soon, and retreated to the safety of his bedroom with his tea. Sherlock latched the door behind himself and considered the mess before him. A pile of graduate chemistry textbooks teetered on the edge of the dresser, from whose drawers were spilling any number of non-indexed pants and vests. His sock index was in disarray thanks to his preoccupation the past week with a particularly difficult case that had also been very disguise-intensive. His backup stash of his favoured skincare products were in a disordered pile under his bed rather than in their rightful place (the top right drawer of his dresser.)
He didn’t remember the field hospital, or the first surgery. He was briefly conscious in Germany, only long enough to register that the actors speaking in the show playing softly on the TV in his room were speaking in German; almost the moment the thought registered, he was gone again.
“We will play for a little while,” the man continued, lingering on the word “play” as if he were savouring it, “and then we’ll see how you feel. You might want some relief, might you not?“ He traced the knife along Sherlock’s collarbone as he spoke, barely applying any pressure, but the skin split and angry, biting pain swarmed through Sherlock’s brain. He fought it down, imagining his higher reasoning shoving the pain aside and forcing it below the surface of a lake. He wasn't sure if he managed not to cry out.
Here we are. Chapter 3. This one was a long time coming and if you're still reading this I really appreciate it. This chapter begins right on the heels of chapter 2.
“Seeing some of these gifts, I am beyond glad we didn’t agree to be part of the Yard’s secret santa exchange,” John muttered to Sherlock. “This is painful to watch.”
Sherlock nodded. His eyes were very wide, and he held perfectly still as John raised his wrist to Sherlock’s lips. Their eyes met right as John’s wrist touched Sherlock’s lips, and he read an expression of utter terror in Sherlock’s eyes.
“I…I wanted to,” Sherlock whispered. “I know you said—and I haven’t ever— I didn’t—but—and I wanted to so I did.”
Handcuffs. Right. “Coat pocket,” Sherlock said. He fished them out with his left hand and tossed them to John.
John, privy to none of this, shifted his weight, leaned to his right a bit more. His dodgy leg was beginning to get sore even though he was sitting.
John figured that he must have fallen asleep during Arithmancy, because the next he was aware, the classroom was empty and he was cradling Sherlock’s wand embarrassingly to his chest. His other arm stung and seemed to be asleep from leaning his head on it for too long.
Sherlock grabbed a sheaf of paperwork off the corner of Lestrade’s desk and shook it at him. “Didn’t you call us in here to fill these inane things out? Let’s get on it with so we can leave.”
His fingertips over over the screen, debating. Answer? No. That would defeat the entire purpose. Shouldn’t be too much longer. Wait just a little longer, John.
The hiss of the tea kettle from the kitchen drew Sherlock out of his reverie. Who--? Ah. Mrs. Hudson, most likely, judging from the plate of her cinnamon-sugar biscuits that had appeared beside it. A mug with a finger of milk in it sat beside the plate of biscuits, and Sherlock felt a stab of guilt that his playing had caused her to be concerned, but...he was grateful for the hot water. Sherlock poured it into the mug and dropped in a bag of tea from John’s stash, his bruised fingers fumbling a little with the lid of the tea tin. He closed his eyes, listening to the boiled water in the kettle settle now that it was unplugged, then after a few moments, took a sip of tea.
“You know exactly what I mean,” John said. His initial anger had cooled and he dropped into his Captain Watson voice. “You invade my bathtime and now you won’t talk to me? I don’t think so. Turn around, Sherlock Holmes.”
There. He had said it, and the first friendship of his short life was now over. If his shoulders shook only a little he would have never admitted it.
“Dear Sir,” the card read, and the writing inside was recognizably from the same hand as the person who had addressed the card, but while the address had been hastily scrawled, this was careful and precise. He read on.
“She, not they, John,” Sherlock said. “And your scar? You got it that year,” he continued, a flicker or something utterly unreadable in his eyes.
One patient, an agitated 5-year-old with chickenpox, actually tried to bite off his thumb. John shook his head and smiled despite his exhaustion.
Sherlock blinked. “Are—are you sure? It’s…I mean, I’m told it can be—a lot. I’ve never…” He fiddled with the edge of the duvet.
Sherlock didn’t bother mumbling a reply; he knew John wasn’t looking for one. He closed his eyes, feeling the warmth (John, John, John) spreading through his bones, and gave a few more halfhearted licks at John’s wrist.
. Sherlock leaned forward and peered into the mirror, smoothing some of the cream into the skin behind his left ear.
When he saw the card, he was glad that he had: the picture on the front was exactly the sort of classic British Christmas that he was missing. A country estate house, complete with trimmed hedges and decorated pines, nestled amid a comfortable drift of snow. The photo looked professionally done, but when he opened the card he saw that it was more personal than that.
The flat was dark and cold, and Sherlock wrapped himself in a blanket and promptly fell asleep on the sofa.
“Right. Something happened to me when I was…away. I thought I was hallucinating, at first, but.” He paused. “But I was actually clean at the time, had been for years, so. Eliminating the impossible, and so forth…”
“Vous m’approchez moi je vous décalissir comme vous n’avez jamais vu,” he throws back to keep up appearances, but there’s no real malice in his voice. The growl is only there to keep up some pretence at all of the level of hostility expected in this kind of interaction. Sherlock is already turning the boat around.
“Lube,” John rasped out, finally taking off his towel. With great effort, Sherlock lifted his head to watch John strip himself. Now that he had a much better view than earlier in the bathroom, Sherlock’s mouth watered at the sight of John’s larger-than-average cock. It was much thicker than he had deduced.
John was supposed to hand him his robe. He was supposed to come close enough so that Sherlock could feel his wrist and check his pulse.
“Thank you for noticing,” Sherlock said. “We had to break in because I don’t think she’d let us actually look at the mistletoe, especially if she’s the killer. I want to get a good look at exactly where it’s grown, see if there’s anywhere a killer could have hidden nearby, and maybe get some more samples if there are fallen leaves or any bits I could take without anyone noticing.”
There. That moment, only distinguishable if you’re looking for it, and sometimes then only in that instant after it has passed, when night falls. That precise angle where the sun is no longer bright enough even to call it dusk...in spite of the stiff back, the sore knees from the climb up the tree (fell out twice, one of those times landed wrong, on the bad ankle--will have to get that looked at if, when? ...if he makes it back to London) he breathes out a little contented sigh. The game, indeed. Would be more pleasant (read: less stiff and cold and achy, or at least more tolerably stiff and cold and achy) with certain company, but--not this time. Couldn’t risk it.
Molly was out, but she had either had the consideration to leave the lab unlocked or was tired of him picking the locks, and Sherlock spread out the array of sample bags on the slate-epoxy counter and settled in front of his favorite microscope. The Dirt Survey, as Sherlock called it, was on his schedule of experiments that he repeated annually. The various parks around London each had their own characteristic soil (and possibly more importantly, pollen) compositions and on more than one occasion, being able to determine that the mud on a suspect or victim’s person belonged to one park and not another had been the difference between a conviction and a mere hunch. He found a fresh box of slides and cover slips in a drawer and set them beside the microscope. He divided each baggie into three samples, tipped a bit of the first Regent’s Park sample onto a fresh slide, began looking through it for pollen.
“Oh, it gets weirder. I’m actually on my way to see him now. Come on, come with me!” Mike insisted, clapping John on the wrong shoulder.
“Fine,” Sherlock agreed. “Speedy’s cafe on Baker Street, tomorrow at seven.” He turned on his heel and stomped off, making considerably more noise than Mike and Ryan had.
Sherlock released what sounded like a sigh of relief and let go of John’s hands. The doctor continued to slowly undress his best friend, kissing each patch of exposed skin as he went along. He stopped when he reached the button of Sherlock’s trousers, looking up as if to ask for permission.
“Oh my God,” John had said, wonder and a little bit of fear in his voice. “You’re him. You’re his brother.“
“Yes, you are,” Sherlock insisted, not bothering to negate the assumption. “You’re everyone’s keeper. Tell me where he is.”
John stuffed Sherlock’s arms through the sleeves of his coat to try to bring a modicum of decorum to this escape (and to remove distractions), then turned to pick up his bag and gun. Sherlock became reacquainted with the floor.
“Then I have a proposal,” John said. “Every other day. Is that often enough that you won’t get cold in between if you take your pills on the off days, and. And I promise I won’t—ah. You know. Try to—make it. Something that it isn’t. For you, I mean.”
Sherlock dropped his shirt over his jacket, then slipped off his trousers. No point in putting on a dressing gown, as he was clearly not leaving the room until John was unconscious. He supposed it should have been obvious that John could be a violent drunk, given what he’d long ago deduced about his family history with alcohol, but seeing it play out in front of him…that stung, more than Sherlock cared to admit.
“Uh, well, do you know where you saw it last?” John was honestly trying to help. How perfectly John-like of him. Sherlock stifled a giggle.
“I don’t know what all you two get up to with chasing criminals, and Lestrade let that last one go, didn’t he?” Mrs. Hudson handed Sherlock a biscuit and sat down beside him on the sofa. “Budge up there, you.”
Or would be, if Sherlock felt capable of executing any higher-level brain functions at all at the moment. Stumbling along aside John as they made a relatively slow escape from this (apparently) underground bunker brought into crystal focus just how much the past few weeks had taken out of him.
“Doctor Watson, are you alright? I’m sorry I thought I heard a crash--“ Sarah’s opened the door, peeking through it at me with an expression of concern.
“It’s….please. Please just let me take them first,” Sherlock said, hating the whiny note that had crept into his voice.
John got out of bed, took off his clothes and wrapped a towel around his waist. He then made his way down the stairs. When he reached the living room, Sherlock was nowhere to be found. Considering the long day they had, John presumed that his friend was already sleeping.
My hands are shaking and I try to set my phone down on the desk but end up dropping it in the waste basket. I fish it out (again: why hands shaking? It’s an error in the app’s code or something. It’s nothing) and hit the little blob at the bottom of the non-conversation that brings up the keyboard, which suddenly seems too small for my hands and I keep hitting wrong keys and having to go back and delete--
People were giving him odd looks in the hallway. A Ravenclaw sixth year whose name he didn’t know (but who he remembered had batted a bludger straight at his neck in their last Quidditch match) gave him an earnest thumbs-up as they passed each other on a staircase. A trio of seventh year Slytherins stared at him, open-mouthed and silent, as they walked by him in the hallway, and when he finally arrived at Arithmancy, Mike Stamford actually stood up from his seat to give him a high five. This rather put a damper on John’s intention to sneak into class, as he was already five minutes late.
This was not going the way Sherlock had planned. John was supposed to let him in the bathroom to do his exfoliating, and then John would see, and then he would probably kiss Sherlock, and then---well. And then things would be better, whatever that meant.
“It’s not like Secret-Keeping at all,” Sherlock replied. “This curse is mainly about controlling a large population, and their access to information, keeping it suppressed…it works on the assumption that a few people already know, but doesn’t require the caster to have identified those individuals,” he finished.
“He owns a small art school,” Sherlock lied. “Two weeks ago, I helped him recover stolen computers and some art supplies.”
“Why won’t you show it to me?” Sherlock asked, releasing John’s elbow as soon as he was back on his feet.
He stalked down the street towards 221B, determined to do his bloody—he giggled a bit at the pun—duty as a doctor and check up on his patient.
If you're still with me after that hiatus, thank you for reading! I've been sitting on this chapter for about a week now...I wasn't quite satisfied with it when I first wrote it, and then family wedding/reunion made things pretty hectic. Anyway, here it is!
That, as it turned out, was a question he should have thought more about before proceeding to unwrap the box.
“Right, that’s a laugh,” John said. “You know everything about everyone from your bloody cameras and your bloody deductions and you want to ask me questions about your own little brother?” He finished his second pint—where had that all gone? John only remembered taking one or two sips of it at the most—and stood up.
Sherlock looked from the letter in his hand to John’s miserable expression, smiling somewhat as he touched the words he had written twenty-four years earlier, and privately made a decision.
John blinked in surprise. He didn’t even realize there was another person in the room. John turned around and saw a good-looking man in the corner, sitting behind an easel. For some reason, something hot and unpleasant surged up inside John’s chest. Still, he forced a smile as the other man gave him a greeting nod.
Another few moments of quiet then, before...there is is. The first shot. He doesn’t suppose that he would be so lucky as for that shot to actually hit someone, but it does. Curses, and a moan, and then three more shots in quick succession. He snaps few more photographs with his phone, zooms in on the area around the orange firelight. Two bodies are on the ground, one man standing with a semiautomatic held at ready, one man frozen in the act of fleeing into the (east, the opposite of where he thinks Interpol are) woods, one missing.
“Of course there are,” John said almost fondly, shaking his head. “Well, I will write to you. I’ll write every damn day.”
“Can I help?” John asked, drifting over to the counter. “Ooh. You have glace cherries?” He snatched one from the bowl and ate it.
At first he tried not to think about Afghanistan, but of course that was impossible. Those memories rose to the surface constantly, at once blistering hot and bone-shatteringly cold. He heard cannon fire in car horns and the screams of his injured mates in children’s playground yells.
“Mmmmf,” Sherlock hummed. “John, I…” He dabbed at the last drops welling from the small punctures with his lips, then looked up at John anxiously. “Are you…I mean….I can…..go,” he finished.
“What does that have to do with anything?” John asked. “I swear Mycroft, I am tired of your word games. Just tell me whatever it is you stalked me to a pub to tell me.”
“I though’ I told you no Bunsen burners’n the kitchen,” John said, crossing his arms across his chest. A few of his vowels were a little more broad than usual-he must have been drinking, Sherlock decided.
“A bit. I drank too much. I don’t usually—I mean, with the pills. I just take the minimum to keep the cold off,” Sherlock said.
“Since when can Sherlock Holmes not get a cab?” Greg asked, pouring a glass of pale wine. Sherlock tried to catch the words on the label, but Greg had his hand over it and he couldn’t see anything except what might have been flowers or overly-stylized grape leaves.
After a few minutes John cleared his throat and stepped back to retrieve what he had dropped at the door. “Right. I brought you some things,” he said, passing Sherlock his coat. “Your lock picks are in the pockets.” John continued to refuse to think about what Sherlock may have learned from his actions thus far.
Reaching into one of the upper shelves behind a stamped label that read THURSDAY, Sherlock took out his latest purchase––a ridiculously expensive bottle of shimmer lotion that smelled of cherry blossoms. The lady behind the counter promised that it would give his skin an irresistible glow.
“I haven’t got anything,“ John said, feeling his palms start to get warm. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
He started taking long walks, initially only because the physiotherapist said that it might be good for his limp, but he continued because he was starting to like it. He had a routine: Hyde Park in the morning, Regent’s Park in the late afternoon. He got to know where to expect the swans, and after that started paying more attention to the woods around him and walking more quietly. He was able to see a trio of hedgehogs one morning, and one evening, after sitting very still on a bench that was somewhat off the main paths, he got a glimpse of a fox.
“Did you, ah,” John always paused, as if he had run out of air unexpectedly in the middle of the sentence, “did you take your pills yet?”
“You really do help him, you know,” Mrs. Hudson insists, following me to the door. “I know you don’t think that what you do helps, but it does, having someone to talk to.” Well, that was not exactly where I was trying to go with that...I don’t stay to argue the point, not with a possible case of a highly infectious disease that is entirely preventable by a simple vaccine sitting in my waiting room. As I hurry down the stairs (17) I’m glad at least that 221B is only a few blocks from the surgery. That was most of the reason I’d stayed on here after he left, to be honest...some of the reason. Part of the reason. At a minimum, a fraction of the reason.
“Come on, your house has to be brilliant. A wizarding mansion, almost as old as Hogwarts? What’s not to love?”
The nose from the kettle dropped off, saving Sherlock from making a reply that would otherwise be required. He fished a bag of tea out of the tin and dropped it into a cup, then unplugged the kettle and poured in the water.
I’m not going to talk about it.” Sherlock drained the rest of his tea in one gulp and set the teacup in the sink.  “I’m going to Bart’s.  I’ll be back late. Don’t wait up.”
The man was never inventive. If he had a knife, he cut or gouged with it. If he had a pack of cigarettes, he burned with them. That visit had been particularly difficult for Sherlock. It never even occurred to the man to use his lighter for something other than lighting the cigarettes with which to burn Sherlock.
“John. I want—” Sherlock closed his mouth, pressed his nose against John’s ear. “I’ve wanted—something like this for a long time. But if it’s just about the—the drinking for you then. ” His voice dropped to a whisper again, and his next words were very faint. “Then I don’t want to do it, because it—it isn’t about that for me.”
“Bedroom.” Sherlock’s voice was completely serious, and John ruffled his (floury, and now sticky) hair fondly.
“Come back to bed?” The question came out a whisper, softer even than Sherlock had intended. John glanced around them, worried they might be overheard, but the corridor was empty.
“J-John? W-what––UNGHHH!” Sherlock bucked and moaned when he felt John’s tongue touch the most intimate part of him. John tightened his grip on Sherlock’s thighs as he continued his ministrations, slowly swirling his tongue around Sherlock’s rim. When John finally breached the quivering hole, a loud sob tore through Sherlock, waves of intense pleasure shaking him to the core.
What? I drop my coat on my chair, change to the lab coat. Put my stethoscope around my neck, great, completely look the part of a doctor who is seriously concerned about this possible scarlet fever case and not obsessing over whatever in hell his flatmate is getting up to several time zones away (I assume? Mycroft said Eastern Europe after all) without me.
As soon as Ryan’s back was to John and Sherlock, Mike turned around and threw a grimace at John over his shoulder. John shook his head.
John held his breath, mustering up all his strength to not pound into Sherlock right then and there. The lisp appeared rarely––only when Sherlock was incredibly exhausted. But now, hearing Sherlock lisp while begging for release sent a shockwave of lust through John’s system.
“Âllo! Vous-la, vous savez que vous êtes en eaux Française?” A supremely irritating voice draws him out of his thoughts, and Sherlock looks up. He seems to have drifted a bit closer to shore than he intended, and apparently the four occupants of this French coast guard boat are displeased with him.
Good thing there's a cab to get our still slightly drunk and very sleepy duo back to Baker Street from St. Bart's!
“Something to do with maintenance, waiting for someone to replace a burnt out bulb,” he says, clearly irritated. Well I’m sorry Lestrade, that makes no sense at all. This is London. Lights in tube stations are not just left burnt out for hours on end. And even if they were, what’s the likelihood that five out of the er.....counting...seven light fixtures in this station are all burnt out at the same time? It seems unlikely to me. I’m not him or anything but isn’t there something funny about that?
“Dammit Sherlock, listen to me!” John stood up suddenly, grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder and spun him around. “You do not get to come in here and wreck my bath and then not talk about this!”
John reluctantly followed Sherlock around the corner, and they climbed the ladder, Sherlock first, John watching and cringing as with each step, the narrow metal rungs dug into the burned, stiff skin of Sherlock’s feet. Seventeen steps later, John was crowded up behind Sherlock, standing on the rung directly below him and reaching up to push open the heavy iron plate that was the only thing remaining between them and escape.
“C’est Menton,” said the spiky-haired thug impersonating a coast guard officer (poorly fitting uniform; badge in a style two full years out of date, type of gun at the man’s hip not the standard issue). Probably sent by Mycroft to bring him in. “D’ou venez-vous?”
“Bed?” John asked, after he trusted himself to speak. “Not—I mean can I help you to bed. You look about ready to pass out,” he added hastily.
And so here Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective and sometime vampire, found himself lying on the floor of his sitting room at nine o’clock on a Saturday morning, feeling as warm and cosy as if he were wrapped in a wool blanket in front of a roaring fire.
The next time Sherlock and John arrived at New Scotland Yard in a shared cab, Anderson happened to be leaving the building just as they were walking towards it, and Sherlock cringed at the nasty smile that spread across Anderson’s face.
As the end of John’s shift approached, Sherlock grumbled and put his violin down. His fingertips were raw and aching and he hadn’t made any sounds that could honestly be described as “music” in over an hour.
Seasonal Fucking Cheer 2016 Ficathon Day 8: "The Grinch, Scrooge, and Other Holiday Enemies You Might Currently Be Acting Like"
Is it possible to miss someone so much you start to think like him, start to turn into him? Because I’m a little afraid that’s what’s happening. I spent three hours researching error messages that different phone operating systems send when messages cannot be delivered, for goodness’ sake. I highly doubt this is something I would have done before Sherlock fucking bloody Holmes. I would have been idly curious and then let it go. But I had to know, had to find some kind of proof that being sick in a wastepaper bin at work (on a Thursday, which made it worse, because then I had to go back in the next day and see the pitying expressions on the nurses’ and secretaries’ and other doctors’ faces telling me that they knew) and going home and drinking far too much whiskey had at least some solid meaning behind it.
“It hasn’t!” Sherlock shot back. “I love potions class. I love my room in Hufflepuff tower. I’m glad I’m a Hufflepuff,” he finished, glaring at John in defiance. “I hope everyone knows it! Sherlock Holmes, Hufflepuff! I’ll tell everyone in the world!” His knuckles were white where they clutched the prickly wand, and he slowly let out his breath.
Sherlock’s breath hitched at “eat something”, and he stared at John. John chuckled and pried Sherlock’s phone out of his hand, hit end call, and set it on the sofa.
“Are you?” Sherlock turned his back to John and busied himself with filling the kettle and switching it on.
On a date with another woman he met at a pub, then, Sherlock thought glumly. Figures. He draped the duvet over his shoulders and settled into the sofa.
No, someone has to have been in there and made that mess on that wall. Find out who that is. Could be important JW
“I don’t want to intrude,” John said, unease creeping into his voice. “We don’t really know each other.”
“I believe you have something of mine, Doctor Watson,” Cosplay Moriarty says in an imitation of Moriarty’s singsong accent.
“We’ve got one dead body and some kind of weird messages keep coming out all our cell phones, ” Lestrade said, his voice rising. “It’s driving me bloody crazy.”
“No, but….in my sock index. In the very back. There’s a bottle. Can you bring it?” Sherlock asked. It was the last thing he wanted, but did not think he was currently capable of walking to his room himself to retrieve it, and he figured that John knowing about the bottle was better than him passing out from hypothermic shock in front of him in the bathroom.
“John!” came Sherlock’s tremulous moan. John smiled as he trailed kisses down Sherlock’s body and removed the rest of the younger man’s clothes.
that would only grow in strength if he actually used the Sunday bottle that he had apparently grabbed on today, a Thursday, but Sherlock ignored it. He flicked the cap open, not paying attention to how much he put on his hand or the evenness of the layer of cream as smeared it across his face. It didn’t matter. He stared at the sink. How to fix this?
“Mmmm,” John agreed, circling his hand around Sherlock’s wrist. “But yer thin, thinner than you were before you left. I need t’feed ye up a bit,” he said, and giggled. Sherlock caught a strong whiff of whiskey as he leaned in.
“It’s all yours,” Greg said, producing the bottle (hidden in his coat! Sherlock could have kicked himself for not noticing) and handing it over. “Merry Christmas.”
“Ok, I might have given him a bit of a sedative once and then he got really chatty,” John admitted. “I didn’t ask anything inappropriate, you volunteered the information, Sherlock!”
It had always been John’s favourite part of Christmas: cookies and mulled wine around a roaring fire, the piney scent from the tree filling the room, twinkling fairy lights circling round the tree and mantlepiece.
“N-no,” Sherlock said carefully. “But I. I—it’s a cozy feeling. Not a—it’s not—that. The cold stays away longer when. When you’ve.” He took another sip of tea, embarrassed.
“John––“ Sherlock started. But John didn’t hear the rest of the words as he closed the door and descended down the stairs, his cheeks burning.
Sherlock huffed, a damp sort of sigh. “I do, actually,” he said. “There are curses on the estate preventing entry to all but pure-blood wizards.”
More than anything else, the picture on the card became home for him, and he sometimes wondered if the boy who had written it, who must surely be grown up by now, still lived at the manor house. Or still lived in England at all.
“It’s all right, Sherlock,” John interjected. “You had a point, you know? I shouldn’t be meddling with your love life when my own is so depressing,” the older man chuckled, his anger transforming into bitter resignation.
He glanced around furtively as he pulled Sherlock’s wand out of his bag, but fortunately nobody seemed to notice. Whether or not the wand would actually work for him was another story. The holly-and-kelpie-hair wand had sat on the shelf at Ollivander’s since before the current Ollivander was born, and at some point an Ollivander ancestor had replaced the proper label on its box with one that said simply “prickly wand, do not buy”. The wand that had chosen the younger Holmes brother had apparently been waiting for a wizard just as prickly and temperamental as itself. John’s own wand, made of oak-and-dragon-heartstring, was as solid and reliable as its wizard.
“Oi, Sherlock, are you listening to me?” Lestrade demanded, snapping his fingers near Sherlock’s ear.
John sank into the seat with a grimace at the pain shooting up his leg and leaned his cane against the back of his chair.
Thank you to Unpopcultural for the beta read and excellent suggestions, and to The Toast (this week's Ask Bear) for the phrase "goat rodeo".
“She bragged about it, at dinner that night. She’s Dolores Umbridge—she’s my aunt.” The last words were the barest whisper, and Sherlock gripped the petal in his hands and stared at it, not daring to raise his eyes to John.
“I don’t shave for Sherlock Holmes,” I had said while knowing that I absolutely would shave for Sherlock Holmes, my face, my hair, my legs, anywhere. “John, it’s for a case,” he might have said, steepling his hands in front of his face and considering my appearance critically. And I would have done it. Of course I would have. And now, with my 20/20 hindsight, I can see that Mary could see that as well. She’d let it drop at the time, but that had been the beginning. After he.... after, for the second time (bloody hell Watson, some corner of my mind criticizes, why can’t you say SHERLOCK IS FUCKING GONE AGAIN OH GOD even inside your own head)--and I’ve nicked my chin, and where is the damn tissue? It’s bleeding and bleeding and apparently I’ve done a bit more than nicked it, and my hands are shaking as I press the tissue to my face, and when I pull it off after counting to sixty in my head I know I will need (five, I find out later) stitches.
“Mr. Holmes?” A deep voice inquired as Sherlock opened the door. The man was about Sherlock’s height. He had a lean and slightly muscular physique. His auburn hair was styled in a messy, shoulder-length cut. It was clear to see that the man was fairly attractive.
That night his leg was stiffer than usual as he gingerly lowered himself into bed, and he hesitated before pulling the card from its envelope and propping it up on his bedside table. With the things Sherlock had somehow known about him, it was probably too late to hide this last, embarrassing revelation from him anyway, so John figured he might as well enjoy the comfort this habit gave him as long as he could.
“John, I—” Sherlock paused. “I’m not angry. You, you know that? Right? I was just…I was scared,” he admitted.
John took a deep, steadying breath. “I’m all right,” he said, tearing his gaze from Sherlock’s eyes, then smiling fondly. “Ah, you’ve got a bit of— ” He brought his thumb to the corner of Sherlock’s lips and dabbed away the small red smudge.
“Cap! We’ve got people waiting!” John signed, tucked the card into an inside pocket of his coat, and went back to work.
It was nothing like that in Afghanistan. There was dust, blood, and for good measure, chunks of mixed dust and congealed blood that dried cement-like onto his boots, uniform, and any tools he couldn’t get sterilised fast enough.
“We’ll be there,” John said, leaning in close to the phone. “Let me just convince this madman to eat something and we’ll be right over.”
Apparently at some point during that last thought I stopped breathing--I can see it so clearly it’s almost like we’re back at Baker street again, everything normal, well, as normal as you get with Holmes as your flatmate--
The first warning was the garish, red velvet curtains that he saw on the corner of the...whatever it was as he peeled the paper of of a corner.
“Sherlock Holmes, you are welcome to bleed on me any day of the year,” John said. “No, sorry, that didn’t come out quite right. What I mean is--“
“Here love, let me,” John says, gently taking the gun back from Sherlock. Their hands brush as he does and Sherlock shivers; only then does John’s brain catch up to what his traitorous mouth has said, but there’s no time to deal with that. Cosplay Moriarty is limping towards them, his gun still wavering in his hand but its sights still set too closely on the detective for John’s liking. He shoots once and the man falls.
“Oh, he’ll love that,” Mike promised. “He loves that kind of stuff. He’ll tell you your whole life history from looking at the pattern of wear on your shoes, or something. Drives most people crazy.”
It wasn’t the morgue: he had spent plenty of time in medical school working on dissections late at night, a scalpel in one hand and a sandwich in the other. Had spend plenty of time in
“Him again!” The man dug the point of the knife into Sherlock’s shoulder, wiggling it around a little, and Sherlock whimpered. He supposed he must have said John’s name again. “You won’t even be able to think about him when we’re done here,” the man hissed, suddenly angry.
Sherlock hummed in reply, not paying attention to the swaths of multicoloured lights and signs that covered every non-glass surface in the greenhouse, proclaiming MERRY CHRISTMAS and HAPPY HANNUKAH and JOYOUS KWANZAA and EID MUBARAK, all in large, sparkling letters.
I glance at my phone again, and with the one finger that’s clean of shaving cream and blood tap over to the last message from him. Because that’s what it was, it has to be. I did some reading online, looked up about those messages, and there’s no reason for it to have been split in half like that. The collective wisdom of the Internet has assured me that the phone’s operating system would never have done that on its own. When the impossible has been eliminated…
“Er...thanks, I guess?” John dropped his bag at the side of the field, then pulled off his robes and swapped them for his practice robes. “By the by, Bainbridge, what exactly are you talking about?”
He became more familiar with the less-popular, narrower, back paths of the parks that were more protected from the city noises and found himself spending more and more time sitting in stillness on a bench or patch of grass, watching the brush, waiting to see an elusive stoat or hedgehog or fox. He started seeing them more and more often, and then he wondered if they were showing themselves because they were getting used to him, or if they had been there all along.
“Are you serious?” John was very cold, and held out his hand for the envelope. Mike returned it and John carefully slipped the card back inside, then stowed both in the inner pocket of his jacket.
“Cmon, let me in! I just want to talk about this,” John yelled, hitting the door so hard that it rattled on the hinges.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, his hands gripping the doctor’s arms. “I know we just had our first kiss but––w-would you––would you think it improper if I asked you to take me to bed right now?”
“John? Is that who you think brought you here?” The voice was amused, but there was something beneath the amusement. Something sharp, predatory. Sherlock became aware that he must have screamed John’s name. He scowled.
“All right, settle down everyone,” Professor Sprout called good-naturedly as she entered the greenhouse. “Since everyone in here either plans to go into healing or Auror medics, we’re going to go over something that will be a major part of your day-to-day jobs: medicinal herbs.”
“He’s right, I should try to be normal for five minutes and do this,“ Sherlock said. “How bad can it be?”
“Hey, Chief, did you get the statements on the—Oh, out without your boyfriend?” Donovan poked her head around the office door and called to them.
Later, John would look back at this conversation and recognize this for the truly perilous moment that it was. But when it happened, he said only what came immediately to mind.
The next section was supposed to be slow, but Sherlock played on as he he had before, shoving his bow across the strings too close to the bridge, catching on the other side a few times and causing the violin to shriek in protest. He rushed through the cantabile to the finale, his reddened, purpling fingertips flying over the silver and ebony. Long slashes of tarnished silver were written across his fingertips.
After that I never brought him up, never said Sherlock fucking Holmes’ name out loud, barely even thinking his name, carefully avoiding anything connected with him, anyone connected with him. Thinking that would solve it, but apparently that made things worse, and then Mary was accusing me of pining, can you believe it? Me, John H. Watson, MD: pining? I do nothing of the sort.
“Watson! Late, I see. Five points form Gryffindor,” Professor Vector announced. “Now, everyone turn to page 394 and get out your wands and a protractor, and we will begin.” John fished around in his bag-no protractor. Typical. It was probably on the floor of the corner bedroom in Hufflepuff tower, along with his bottle of ink and ...oh, shit. And his wand. He had apparently grabbed Sherlock’s wand instead of his own in his semi-conscious rush to get out the door.
“Dull,” he had hissed as the fifth lit cigarette sank into his back, ashy and hot, and the man was hardly capable of understanding that Sherlock referred to anything other than his pitiable torture techniques. That had been the tenth visit from the man in twice as many days. (Why wait so long between visits? Sherlock knew by that point that the man did not intend to kill him. Perhaps he thought his...work was more destructive than it actually was, and intended for the detective to heal, however perfunctorily, during those intervals.) This was the first visit involving burning, which turned out to be more difficult to ignore than the knives.
That is apparently healthy enough a reply that she shuts the door and leaves. I have apparently thrown my phone at the wall (likely source of crash that summoned Sarah) and get up to retrieve it. The screen is cracked. Did not think I threw it that hard. I open the texting app again and stare at the non-message:
Sherlock fiddled with the strap of his watch, eyeing the second hand as it moved past the six. Nine fifty seven and thirty two seconds precisely. John never stayed at work that late. Had he finally asked out the new receptionist? Sherlock admitted to himself that while distasteful, it was a possibility. Especially since they weren’t—well, since they weren’t. It was something that John might have done.
“Dr. Stamford! You weren’t at your office hours and I have a question and I saw you in the hall so can I ask about next week’s test?” The student somehow managed to expel this thought in a single breath despite having just run the entire length of the corridor.
“Come on, John,” Sherlock said, and swept from the room. Lestrade would follow, or he wouldn’t. It was likely that John had his gun with him and Sherlock had his set of lock picks in his coat pocket and well, between the gun and the lock picks and Sherlock’s mind and John’s Captain Watson Command Voice, as he privately titled it, they could handle anything.
“Sherlock, I can’t just move into Hufflepuff tower. I actually am in a different house,” John replied.
“Aren’t ye flammable? Like more than um…regular people?” John asked. For a moment his face lit up with inspiration. “Oh! Are you doing this cause ye’re cold? I can help with that,” he said, and sauntered over to the kitchen table.
After more or less manhandling Sherlock up the ladder and out through the metal hatch, John steps outside after him. Sherlock’s on the ground again, trying to look casual, but John knows that his feet must be killing him by this point. They’re going to need more help getting out of this than he had originally planned for. He leans down, puts an arm around Sherlock’s waist (Necessary for the rescue, he tells himself sternly, does not count as groping.) and drapes Sherlock’s arm over his own shoulders, and straightens.
Time slowed down, or maybe it sped up, and consequently Sherlock had only the foggiest idea of how long it had been when John appeared in the doorway. Sherlock set down the spray bottle he was holding.
Highest priority: return to London with minimum delay, make contact with John. Capture (imprisonment? Likely, given Mycroft’s irritation about being wrong about anything for the first time in a decade) incompatible with this. Therefore imperative to avoid capture.
Sherlock drifted away, reading the labels on pots and shelves, and peeking around corners before checking the next row of plants. He worked his way gradually to the back to the greenhouse, ducked underneath a banner with the word YULE written in green glitter over a hand drawn mug of beer, and breathed a soft ‘aha.’
“Er. We’re dealing with some sort of copycat, I think. Seems to admire Moriarty, dresses like him anyway, sometimes mimics things he said on TV when he was--before Bart’s. Think he was playing ‘discredit the detective’ his own way, or trying to. Stupid though. Didn’t calculate his doses right. Didn’t give me anywhere near as much as I was taking, back when-- when. He never gave me enough to, you know. I’m not addicted.” Sherlock said all of this very quickly. John was moving, and weirdly. Swaying back and forth a little, like he was trying to dance but didn’t quite know how.
“I didn’t mean to hurt you, John,” Sherlock blurted out in a quivering voice. “That thing I said about Mary––I didn’t––I never––”
It was ten minutes past three in the morning when a slightly tipsy John Watson finally trudged up the stairs to 221B. He took his time, treading on the steps in an almost reverent manner. He would probably be gone in the next few days and he wanted to remember. He wanted to remember everything about 221B. The feel of it. The sounds it made. The way it smelled.
Sherlock ignored him. He’s drunk, he’s drunk, he doesn’t know what he’s doing, he repeated to himself, but the litany did nothing to ease the leaden knot in his stomach. He took off his suit jacket and draped it over a chair, then slowly unbuttoned his shirt.
“If you don’t want this I’m going to drink it,” John said. “I’m not much of a wine person but it actually smells pretty good.”
“You’re cold again, yeah?” John asked, touching the back of his hand to Sherlock’s forehead, which was glacially cold. “And the pills will help?”
Thanks for reading! As the work schedule starts to settle down I'm hoping to start posting more regularly.
Sherlock felt like he was on fire. John’s soft lips were moving against his own. John’s hands were sending sparks of electricity everywhere they touched his skin. He was drowning. He was drowning. He was drowning. And all he could think was:
Sherlock was about to protest that it was hardly his fault that he was not wearing his house tie, when--
“Well, here we are, so feel free to get started with the threatening and lecturing,” John said wearily, sliding into the booth opposite Mycroft.
“Anyway, that doesn’t scare me. What does, a bit, is that at twelve years old you, Master Holmes, know so much about ancient Dark curses.” John paused and frowned. “And how did you know it was a dark curse she hit me with? Do you even know who she is? I don’t think I’ve ever told you…”
“Yeah, no,” John decided, and squared his shoulders. “I’ve only been here for about five minutes and I can’t stand to see you like this for another hour. There’s got to be a faster way to fix you. Sit up a little,” he said, kneeling by the side of the sofa.
“What? No, its….you two know what numbers stations are, right? Your suspect is copying one. There used to be one broadcast from Muswell Hill that played a Scottish folk tune as the start tone, but the numbers were in English. I don’t know why he changed it…”
“You, John Watson, have no right to-“ the man had hissed, “if you cause harm to Sherlock Holmes through your association with him, do not be deluded: I will crush you with the level of vengeance only a wronged Slytherin can muster. ”
The taxi ride is a long one, and I spend most of it thinking. “How long do you think it will take?” I had asked, blinking up at him against the sun. “Oh, I’d say no more than six months,” Sherlock had said, an undercurrent of something I couldn’t quite identify in his voice.
“Right, around this corridor there should be a maintenance hatch and a ladder,” John said, leaning too close to Sherlock’s ear. “If you think you can climb it, that would be the safest escape route. Lowest chance of encountering any hostiles.”
Sherlock made a strangled sort of noise and flung himself at John, wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders and burying his face in John’s neck in one swift movement. He murmured something that sounded suspiciously like “my only,” and before John could try to work out what he meant by that, his heart was beating wildly at the first press of cold lips against his neck.
The walk home sobered him, and by the time he walked through the door of Baker Street and ascended the seventeen steps to their sitting room, John had a clear head. Sherlock was curled on the couch with one of Mrs. Hudson’s afghans wrapped around himself. Thinking that he was asleep, John crept through the doorway and didn’t put the light on.
“Hmm.” Sherlock pulled his phone out, fishing through the settings menu for…there. “How many messages have there been so far? And how much time passed between messaged? And did any of you have the foresight to record any of these? Were they all the same, or different messages each time? We’ll have to wait for another anyway…but…” Sherlock trailed off, looking at Lestrade expectantly.
John imagined Empty Beer Bottle Number 1 giving him a sympathetic glance. He turned his eyes to Empty Beer Bottle Number 2, which was standing precariously close to the edge of the table.
A fierce look came over Sherlock’s face, and he drew out his own wand, muttered an incantation that John
The floor was very close, and there was blood on John’s shoes. It was fresh, judging from the colour and viscosity.
Sherlock’s laser-focused attention settled again on John. “I will if you’ll show it to me,” he said.
“Fine. I think the murderer sent that numbers station look-alike message to the Yarders to lure them out to his little murder nest. He’s probably expecting us,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock gasped in surprise, a surge of lust shooting up his belly when he realized how easily John had picked him up off the floor. His John. His strong, wonderful John who was about to take him to bed. Sherlock shivered at the thought.
Checking his watch, John found that he had slept through both his other morning classes and lunch, and was now almost late for Herbology. He stood and stretched, stuffed Sherlock’s wand and his Arithmancy book back into his bag, and began the trek down to the greenhouses.
“Right. I’m off,“ he said, turning and pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, the only part of him currently visible above the duvet. “I...” he hesitated.
“Well, the reason for that should be obvious,” Sherlock said, flopping down onto the sofa. “I haven’t come up with a good lie yet as to why I was so useless at the suspect’s murder nest.”
Sherlock grumbled but accepted the biscuit. “Yes, there was...a bit of a problem with the way we er. Apprehended him. Not strictly legal, apparently,” Sherlock said.
He was almost relieved when the man walked in the door openly carrying the knife and a filled needle. The cards were on the table, then. This was the plan: he would torture Sherlock, the entire time letting him see that the needle was there, and then at the end...oblivion, and addiction.
“Sherlock, duckie, listen. I can’t see you like you were yesterday,” John said. “You are not going to put off taking your pills until you’re practically freezing to death.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and tried to brush a stray hair from his face, succeeding only in smearing a swipe of floury dough across his temple. This did not add dignity to the situation.
“An explosion in the shed where this mead was fermented destroyed most of the batch, and I thought the rest had been drunk years ago,” Sherlock mused. “How did you get this?”
He had had the text reply, the one he couldn’t make himself actually set as an automatic reply--so that every time John texted him, he was there, fingers blurring over the touchscreen, always writing the same reply. Sometimes it had been a few minutes before he was able to do it--and every time he wondered if John would work it out. If he was timing how long it took for the non-message to get through. Sherlock doubted that, though but lately it had simply gotten too difficult to keep up the farce. After four days on the boat, skirting the southern coast of Europe in his guise as a vacationing fishing aficionado, between the sun and the not-enough food and the aching in his ankle that still had not gone away, something had driven him to make a more obvious move, to give himself away. Not that he had thought sending it from a clone of the original phone would make any difference at all in the end, not with Mycroft with his horrible web, watching at the periphery like a spider--but he had hoped that he might have a bit longer before Mycroft caught on.
“In––inthide,” Sherlock gasped, his hips involuntarily thrusting up in the air. “Inthide me, Jawn, pleathe.”
“I don’t like to see you all cold,” John murmured, his other hand on the back of Sherlock’s head, holding him in place. “You felt the way I’d always imagined you would be after you fell, and…” John swallowed; the dizziness of his thoughts had nothing to do with blood loss, he knew that for certain. “I had two years to imagine it. How cold you…it’s…too real,” he finished. “Please, Sherlock, for me. Don’t be cold.”
“No, that’s right out, we’re going straight to the hospital! I’m surprised you aren’t in shock. Your temperature is way too low,” John said.
“Do you think someone took it while you were asleep?“ Dear God John, did he really not know he was doing this?
Mycroft finds out he was wrong about something; rude texting ensues. Francophone!Sherlock being threatening.
He looked at Mike for help, only to see a student hurrying down the hall towards the three of them hollering “Dr. Stamford! Dr. Stamford!”
The best laid plans...Sherlock's boat trip goes a bit awry. He is detained by an unknown party and tortured.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathed, coming back to himself. He looked out the window, thinking they must be almost there, but the cab was barely a block from Scotland Yard.
Since this is a WIP, I'll also give an update on the progress of this fic here. You now have before you chapter two; chapter three has been written and is sitting on my hard drive, ready to be edited. I need sleep so that will not be happening tonight. Chapter four has been sketched out, and an epilogue has presented itself to me, so I've made a few notes on how I want that to go as well. Rest assured that I WILL be finishing this fic, because it is very dear to me. As always, THANK YOU lovely readers for sticking with me. I would love to read your thoughts/reactions/yelling about Johnlock in the comments if you are so inspired.
“What is it?” Tired as he was, John was mildly curious. There was nobody back home who was likely to write to him--his parents were long dead, no close cousins, and Harry--well. Harry probably was too drunk to know what month it was, let alone what day.
It was the same pattern every day. Sherlock had previously been quite confident in his ability to tune out pain, but now his mastery over his body’s myriad weaknesses rose to new heights. He drew his consciousness deep into his mind palace while his captor did his work.
When Sherlock opened his eyes again he glanced immediately from left to right, dread heavy in his stomach, scanning the crooks of his elbows for the mark. A small red puncture, perfectly positioned over the vein. Sherlock moaned, trying to sit up. The clotted blood over the wounds he had sustained (blood clotted, nose feeling sort of...stretched, and a bit itchy--several hours must have elapsed between the previous time of consciousness and now) cracked in places as he moved, and it was with effort that he hauled himself upright.
“It’s just Mummy and Mycroft and Graham and me,” Sherlock said, “and she’s been after me for ages to...oh. Oh. I--sorry.” He looked away.
Decision made, John crossed the rest of the way to the sofa and peeled back the edge of the duvet, careful not to touch the patch of bare shoulder where Sherlock’s dressing gown and frayed tee were stretched back.
I don’t know. I don’t know what all he knows about me, about when I was in the army or before. “Three Continents Watson”: he knows about the nickname, at least. I suspect he doesn’t know what it means. I suspect: that my flatmate, my Sherlock, is asexual. I’m not going to be that guy who’s convinced that he can turn the asexual gay. I’m not the prowling, sexually greedy bi man you see on the telly. I’ve too much respect for Sherlock to try to do that to him.
,” Sherlock insisted. “The principles of muggle chemistry and potion-making are astonishingly similar.”
“He was just playing, he said,” Sherlock tried to sound dignified, like someone who had not just unintentionally and abruptly relocated his face to the floor, but the words came out as a cracked sort of whisper. “I don’t think he planned to kill me. Wanted me alive, addicted. I’m not. Wasn’t enough to do that.” Sherlock sounded almost petulant. John thought he felt a headache coming on. This was rapidly becoming more complicated than the “shoot kidnappers, get Sherlock out” plan he had gone in with.
Some time later, Sherlock became aware that there was a cup of still-warm tea on the table beside the sofa, and that John was curled in his chair, gazing at him with fondness tempered with worry.
“Yes.” Sherlock brushed his lips against John’s elbow and closed his eyes. A moment passed and he realized that he had not started to drink yet, so he bit slowly into the soft skin, then froze when John sighed.
Because it was always pills, never blood, and especially never fresh blood. Blood was messy, unpredictable, and quite likely disease ridden. No, the pills were better. He made them himself in Molly’s pathology lab from compounds he synthesized from scratch, a novel synthesis birthed from his desperation to avoid interaction with others, to avoid touching. The pills were perfectly calibrated to give him everything this absurd body required, they had a shelf-life of a year at room temperature, and they were smaller than a paracetamol tablet. He was a chemist, after all.
“Captain Watson! Letter for you, sir!” The hand that John extended, palm up, shook with exhaustion. After five surgeries in as many hours he was dead on his feet, and he prayed that the triage line had not grown after the last round of shelling that had just rocked the field hospital.
Sherlock tried to roll away, felt the biting pain again as some loose gravel on the cold concrete flood gritted into the wound on his back, but he tried to ignore it and put more space between himself and the man, because he could not, could not let him--
John Watson rubbed a hand across his eyes, not remembering at first where he was. Blue and yellow drapes hanging over the window? That couldn’t be right...His confusion vanished the moment he rolled over and saw the other person in the bed, and something warm and glowing settled itself in his chest. That’s right. Last night they had finally, finally...
Here is the real chapter 8! Thank you all for reading and a million thank yous to the wonderful Unpopcultural for beta reading!
A  couple of photos of the inside of a burnt out house, a picture of an obituary of a partner in a minor London law firm, and finally a single question mark. Excellent work, Greg, outstanding really. A lawyer is dead and his house is thoroughly burned. Was it acutally safe to go inside to take those pictures? Seems risky considering you aren’t even getting him to look at it.
Through the partly open door, John saw Sherlock standing in front of the bathroom mirror, applying some kind of charcoal-colored cream on his face. He was wearing nothing but his trousers. Miles of pale skin were on display.
“What, can’t take a little ribbing?” Lestrade asked. “Come on, everyone here’s been betting on when you two will finally hook up for ages. There’s no way you both don’t already know that.”
And there he was, finally, finally. Sherlock must have heard him coming, because he stood in the middle of the room, barefoot, handcuffed, no shirt, looking--well. Looking like a mess, but a non-life-threatening mess, John thought. He dropped everything he was carrying at the door and crossed the room in very few steps, pulled the taller man into a hug. Sherlock’s shoulders stiffened, and he made a noise that might have been the beginning of a protest, and John put his hand in his hair, holding him closer.
“Have I taken too much?” Sherlock asked, his voice laced with worry. “It was difficult to focus…I had no idea. I had no idea,” he repeated, almost to himself in wonder.
“Humph. Bit inappropriate for the season,” Sherlock said. “This is a floral mead, better for summer. There’s only one person who could have gotten ahold of this vintage and had the self control not to drink it for so many years…” He trailed off and focused on Greg.
I tap out my reply with one finger, the rest of my hand covered in shaving cream and my razor (also covered in shaving cream) held in the other hand. Normally I wouldn’t shave just for this, but I intend to come clean to Lestrade tonight about the cases, and being cleanly shaven will make me look more put-together and credible and not insane, which is the look I’m going for, so. I shave for Greg Lestrade, apparently. Mary would have...
He kept only a month’s supply in the bottle that normally lived at the back of his sock index, preferring to secure the rest in a safe underneath his bed. He took two pills every morning, as soon as he woke up, and was warmed up to a more human temperature within thirty minutes. If he took another two pills before midnight, his temperature never dipped below thirty-five Celsius.
Sherlock looked up as he finished picking the lock on his handcuffs (intolerable that he should have failed to pickpocket the key off of his idiot gaoler for so long) and glared at nothing in particular until a spot of colour on John’s (predictably awful) jumper caught his eye.
When he finally reached his room upstairs, he locked his door and leaned against it. His hands were shaking.
I don’t know what else to put here. I was going to tell you about my experiments but Mummy said not to be morbid, that you probably saw lots of dead things there and didn’t want to hear about the rate of decay of a pigeon that I found in the woods behind the house the other day. But if you want to hear about it you can write me back and ask.
This was his justification to himself, though he knew his excuses were shoddy at best. Sherlock found it difficult to care. It was all fine for John- he could just go find someone to date in a pub, or at work, or literally walking down the street because apparently all of London was attracted to John Watson. It wasn’t that simple for him. Finding someone who could withstand his prickly disposition long enough to even be friends was nigh impossible (proof of concept: his only friend, John Watson), and letting someone closer…well, after Serbia that was impossible, wasn’t it?
If I knew that I’d probably know who made it but that’s your job to find out, detective inspector JW.
John and Sherlock are late for the Christmas party, and Greg is impatient to give Sherlock an inappropriate gift by the time they arrive.
A light was on in one corner, just barely visible around a particularly large pizza box pillar, and Sherlock hummed to himself. Perfect. They would go in, John could tackle him or something, and they would handcuff him to the doorframe and be on their way home to Baker Street and pills with plenty of time to spare.
Sherlock shuffled the blanket around his shoulders and leaned back into the sofa. “I think—I’m going to go back to sleep if. If that’s—”
“You’re late!” Greg yelled this the instant John and Sherlock stepped into the room at NSY, causing John to wince and Sherlock to roll his eyes.
John trudged into the great hall, exhausted from Quidditch practice, and plopped down on a bench at the end of the Gryffindor table.
Sherlock heard footsteps approaching, but they were much too light to be John’s, and besides, their owner was clearly wearing heels.
No, the warmth that currently hummed through his veins could not be attributed to the fact that he had drunk liquid blood for the first time in almost a year. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, turned onto his side. Responsibility for this could be laid squarely on one person, and one person only. It was John Watson’s blood that had done this to him, turned his veins to sunlight and warmth.
“Right,” John said, going to the kitchen and switching the kettle on. “Have you taken your pills this morning?”
“Bathroom, now.” It wasn’t a question or a suggestion, and John steered him towards the door without letting go of him.
If anyone could come up with a way to make their phone answer that but actually be reading the texts it’d be you right JW
John, who was behaving in the most fascinating and inexplicable manner. He smirked a little when Lestrade asked him how his evening had been, and hen refused to elaborate. Sherlock could put that down to John’s obvious danger kink, but then there was the impatient way John cut off half of Lestrade’s remarks, tried to finish his sentences, and generally acted as if he had somewhere better to be.
For a few seconds, John and Sherlock locked eyes while they moved together. Sherlock was blown away by the love and desire that he found in John’s gaze, achingly sincere and open for him to see. Sherlock couldn’t hold back his tears. Before he even knew what was happening, his body shook violently and he felt himself screaming. The intensity of his orgasm almost knocked him unconscious.
Sherlock was aware that he had shivered, and forced himself to stop. Emotion would not help him here.
So where does that leave me? “I love you, Sherlock Holmes, and don’t you dare fucking leave me again?” I can’t say that to him and I can’t trust myself not to say it, can’t trust the words not to spill out the instant I see him.
“Time for you to move on, son,” said the bartender as he passed by John. “We’re closing in five minutes.”
“Warmer, if you can imagine, quilts and afghans everywhere,” Sherlock promised. “Say you’ll come home with me, please.”
He slid the knife from Sherlock’s shoulder, causing him to gasp involuntarily, and wiped it on a handkerchief pulled from his pocket.
Besides, WHEN he comes back, who knows what kind of condition he’ll be in? Could be an absolute mess, it’s happened before, and with him its usually the kind of mess that it’s best not to go to emergency with. If I’m still living here when he comes back, if it’s a mess (he’s a mess, he’s always a mess) then, well. I’m his doctor and I’ll patch him up.
Sherlock soon learned that the man responsible for his captivity was possessed of limited creativity. Sherlock felt confident that he could have devised much more painful and interesting tortures using the implements the man had employed thus far. This thought, and a few others, helped to keep him sane in the weeks that followed his awakening in the dank room.
“Yes you have,” Sherlock insisted. “You’ve got something and I can’t figure out what it is. What have you got in your pockets?”
“Okay, looks like you don’t have a drink yet, Sherlock,” Greg proclaimed. “Come on, let’s go find you one!” He handed John a third shot and steered Sherlock towards the bar that had been set up on the reception desk. John followed, trailing a bit anxiously.
Sherlock felt this was not going well. He had expected that John would be upset at him for disappearing again. Or ask him about the text messages. Or be angry that Sherlock had not included him in his mission.  Not that “John getting angry with him” was what he meant by “going well“. This entire train of thought was not going well either, and Sherlock gave up on it and held his arm out to John.
“I knew, yeah, but I don’t think Sherlock did,” John replied. “And Greg, we’re not…yeah. We didn’t hook up, ok? We’re not together. So drop it.”
The hinges on the door to the situation room squeaked only slightly as they opened and John Watson strode into the room.
“Sherlock, please.” John uncrossed his arms and crossed them again. “Put the fire and the heavy metals away?”
Sherlock looked at his watch as he took it off and placed it on an empty soap dish near the bathroom sink. His guest would arrive in approximately 10 minutes. Just enough time to prep his skin.
How can the last one be different? Isn’t this just some automatically generated  delivery-failure message spewed out by whatever code is behind this texting app?
“Is it like that for you,” John asked, and the words came out mashed together into almost a single syllable.
“What a sad, little man you are, John Watson,” said the imagined voice of Sherlock in John’s alcohol-addled mind. “Always put upon. Always left behind. Tsk-tsk,” the mocking voice continued. “What did I say about sentiment? Hm?”
“Why not? You’ll be able to work on your potions experiments all day long, with no other classes or students to worry about,” John had replied, flicking his wand at a stray flower petal that had settled on the rood and levitating it. It flipped over once or twice in the air and then he nudged it towards Sherlock, who scowled but did not reply.
In England, after the third surgery, he finally woke and stayed awake. The hospital released him sooner than he’d hoped, and then he had too much time and too little money and no idea how to fix that.
This was a finale meant to be savoured, its quarter notes and dotted half notes suggesting something bright and beautiful, but Sherlock twisted and stretched his now-bruised fingers, forcing the notes meant to be played in a luminous second position into a tortured third.
“I’m not going to touch it,” he said, aware as the words left his mouth that he sounded like a petulant child who refused to eat his dinner.
“Do you...do you want to go for a cuppa?” John asked, when the sounds of Mike’s footsteps had faded.
He raised the worn, folded parchment to his lips, kissed it once reverently, and then slipped it into the pocket of his robes. Its duty was done. Once he slept beside a letter, seeing only dimly, but now he would sleep face to face.
Once more, with feeling: if, now that you have read this, you feel that there are other tags/warnings that are appropriate, please tell me asap! I don't want to blindside anyone.
“I have done this before, you know. Trained for it, in fact. The Fifth’s main assignment in Afghanistan was extracting captured noncombatants from occupied territory.” John tightened his grip around Sherlock’s waist. “Now. Are you going to be able to make it up that ladder?”
He wasn’t sure how he had managed to hold onto the card through three surgeries and transport from Afghanistan to Germany to England, but he had it still. He carried it in his jacket pocket every day and propped it up on his bedside table every evening. The edges were starting to get worn, and there were little tears in the sides of the envelope from him taking the card out to look at the picture so many times.
With impressive ease, John walked down the hall with six feet of detective in his arms. When they finally reached Sherlock’s room, John laid the taller man on the bed with painstaking tenderness.
“Well....yes, he’s the one that found you. He texted me. You know, because he won’t ever do his own field work,” John said, slightly defensively.
It was empty. He let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding, then went to the kitchen and switched on the lights.
Sherlock passed him the glass. “An exceptionally rare vintage of mead,” he said. “Nineteen ninety-nine. Only a few gallons were made from those hives that year, and I didn’t know any of them survived.”
Empty Beer Bottle Number 2 seemed nonplussed at this revelation, so John decided to focus on Empty Beer Bottle Number 3 which was currently wrapped in the warmth of his now trembling hand.
The next Thursday evening found Sherlock primping himself in front of the bathroom mirror. He was dressed in his favourite purple shirt and a pair of tight, black trousers. The detective was busy taming his curls with a styling mousse. He was expecting John to arrive any minute now.
“Hey. It’s—I mean. You know it’s what I’ve wanted. That hasn’t changed.” John leaned into Sherlock’s shoulder. “I’ve been trying not to pressure you. I hope I haven’t been.”
John tried to be early to meet Sherlock, but the tube was delayed for maintenance and he ended up being thirty minutes late. He stumbled across the threshold of the cafe without really looking around, and was surprised when a gloved hand caught him by the arm to steady him from falling.
“Sherlock, will you just be normal for five minutes and open it, you’ll like it, I promise.” Greg pushed the package at Sherlock, who took it reluctantly.
“Sherlock! Holmes, m’boy!” Greg shouted. “We got you a present!” He waved a smallish square box, wrapped in garish red and green paper.
“Nice one, Captain!” Jones, a beater on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, said, slapping him on the back.
Panicking, Sherlock fled from the bathroom, his mind a white-hot mess. He found himself stopping in the middle of the kitchen.
For a few moments, John simply hovered over Sherlock, nuzzling his hair, his nose, and his cheekbones before finally making a move to unbutton his friend’s purple shirt.
“Here’s how this is going to go,” Captain Watson said, drawing Sherlock’s attention back out of his mind palace. “You are going to go have a look in the basement windows, and come back and tell me if you think he’s home. If you think he’s out, we’ll go in, but if he’s there we’ll call Lestrade and wait for him to get here with backup.”
“That’s not how schedules work, John,” Sherlock snapped back, seeing no reason to keep his very real irritation from his voice.
“I’m going out to the clinic to pick up some charts I need to fill out this weekend,” John said, tucking his keys into his pocket. He glanced over at Sherlock, who was curled up on the sofa in his dressing gown and pajamas.
“It’s—you’re—,” Sherlock fumbled for the words. “It’s for a…condition I came to have while I was away, those years. I have to take it.” He was aware that he was making it sound as if he had some sort of chronic illness, but really, what better way to describe it? He would die without the pills, he knew that. The alternative was unthinkable.
“You daft git,” John said fondly, twining the fingers of his other hand into Sherlock’s hair. “We should have done this hours ago. You’re freezing, and not from the rain.”
“I don’t know what the lights could have to do with a suicide, but tell him that we’ll check it out, and if he comes up with anything else let me know, all right?”
John sat on the edge of the sofa and leaned back against Sherlock’s outstretched legs. “Well, let’s do it properly this time, then,” he said.
“What’s Lestrade on about? He thinks you’ve been texting me pictures of bodies?” Sherlock fixes John with a puzzled look.
Is setting me up to be killed by a communist terror cell any way to treat your dear baby brother? I dealt with your little problem, Mycroft. Now leave me the hell alone. SH
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean,” Sherlock said coolly, pushing the bathroom door open and stepping inside. Enough of this.
He tore a corner off the envelope and edged his thumb along it, keeping most of the envelope intact so that he could slide the card back in later to protect it.
“I’m sick and tired of this, Sherlock,” John growled as he glared at the back of the taller man’s head.
“I’ll always want this,” John said, ruffling Sherlock’s hair. “I’m willing to continue as long as you are.”
We aren’t going to make it, Sherlock realized. The blood flow had mostly stopped, but not soon enough. It would heal, but he needed his pills. He needed to get to his pills and avoid going to a hospital. John would want him to go to a hospital, though. These thoughts swirled around his mind like leaves in muddy water, and by the time the cab stopped in front of 221B Baker Street, Sherlock was shaking too hard to hide it, and John guided him up the stairs with a hand on the small of his back.
Sherlock fished in the pocket of his dressing gown, and when he fingers found the little bee clips, he stuck them in his hair, pinning the longest curls away from his face, and set to work.
Absorbed in his own weird version of Vaughn Williams’ classic, Sherlock didn’t realize John had returned until he felt his hands closing around Sherlock’s right hand where he held the bow, gently removing it from his grasp. s
You know how I detest field work. A car will be at Baker Street at 7 AM to take you to Milford. It may be nothing, but if my brother is indeed missing, I have reason to suspect the vicinity of Milford. MH
John yawned, then shuffled over, grabbed his wrist, and pulled a slightly off-balance Sherlock to his feet.
John’s expression softened. “Don’t you know me, Holmes?” He asked. “I don’t care who your aunt is. I know you’re related to most of the Dark wizards in Britain. Hell, I looked it up once in those family trees they’ve got in the library—you’re You Know Who’s fourth cousin. I know what you come from. The point is, what kind of friend would I be if I left you to face all that alone?”
“Funny, I was going to ask you the same thing,” John hummed as he suddenly lifted Sherlock like a groom carrying his bride.
“I’ll work on a potion, then,” he said. “I’ll invent one that will trick the curses, if you take it—make them think you aren’t muggle-born. Then you can come visit next summer.”
“We know you’re in England,“ Molly said, fiddling with the pocket of her lab coat. “The dirt on the floor in the room where he keeps you is chalky, Sussex dirt. Could be near Dover.“
Lestrade eyed him suspiciously, as though John were trying to pull one over on him, but John didn’t crack a smile and eventually Lestrade had to believe him.
Realized I never told you that I didn’t get to tell L that wasn’t you texting me earlier today--might have sent him on a bit of a fool’s errand this morning I’m afraid. JW
“Breathe, Sherlock,” came John’s raspy whisper, his nose nuzzling Sherlock’s own. The detective was panting heavily, his body trembling under John’s touch.
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you,” Sherlock said, his voice barely audible, his eyes very wide. “She bragged about it, what she’d done to you.” He paused. If John didn’t already know….but surely he suspected? If he said those words, it would be the death knell of their friendship. Surely no one could forgive a thing like that. No one should have to.
“He isn’t going to kill you, at least not without some other interference,” Lestrade offered, shrugging.
“What we did yesterday, was that good for you?” John asked, and somehow he had moved to stand very close to Sherlock very quickly.
“Well…I’m not sure how you know that. But okay, you’re right. It wasn’t a they, it was a she. She interviewed all us mudbloods,” John corrected. “And yeah, I didn’t take well to her…tactics, and I kicked her in the shins. She cursed me pretty bad and it took me most of the year to recover. My shoulder didn’t heal pretty.”
“Of course you won’t touch it,” the man continued, gazing straight at Sherlock, who refused to hold eye contact. Sherlock’s eyes darted around, searching for anything in the room that could be used as a weapon. Excluding anything concealed upon the man’s person, there was nothing in the room except for the five hateful objects in front of him and the chair upon which the man sat.
Mycroft had not warned him (had not known?) about the condition that Sherlock would be in by the time John got there, and John found that he was deeply unprepared to see Sherlock this way.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “I um. I may have been not ah. Entirely forthcoming earlier,” he mumbled.
“And I’m going to take a break from drinking,” John said, catching Sherlock’s gaze. “I don’t—I don’t want to let that get to the point where—”
“Sorry, what?” I look up from pouring tea. “I didn’t--” My phone buzzes and I turn it over: an emergency at the surgery. Seems someone has come in with what is probably scarlet fever, from the way Sarah is describing it.
So this chapter is written as an homage to Xistentialangst's amazing fic "The Detective and the Pin-Up" which you should all go read asap because it's so, so great.
“I prefer your elbow vein,” Sherlock murmured. “Larger, and less likely to blow out than the little wrist veins.”
John took a deep breath and blew it out slowly. “Greg, mate, I wish you wouldn’t have said all that,” he said.
Sherlock throws the phone to the deck of the boat in frustration. Mycroft is right--it is sentiment, pure, irrational sentiment, but somehow yesterday evening it seemed very important to drop the hint, to tell him without actually going so far as telling him. To soften the blow, maybe, when he (barring further setbacks) arrives in London sometime next week. He supposes that it’s no longer mission-critical that he remain completely undercover, but he had—rightly—assumed that if anyone found out he had survived this goat rodeo of a mission it would get back to his insufferable brother, and he has had just about enough of Mycroft’s meddling and orders lately.
“Sherlock, can you come round to the yard and have a look at—“ Lestrade started to say, but Sherlock rounded upon him with a glare.
Sherlock blew out a slow breath. Somehow, they were now standing on the pavement in front of the townhouse. If the suspect was at home and possessed of even a modicum of intelligence he surely would have noticed them already.
Somehow, they had made it into the bathroom, and John pointed at the toilet. Unsure what to do, Sherlock sat.
“John?” Sherlock’s craned his neck to peer over his shoulder at John. From where he stood in the doorway, John could see that his flatmate’s shoulders were shaking.
“Vous avez jusq-au le comte de dix à partir et oublier cette conversation,” Hair Gel snarls over his megaphone, glancing leeward over the side of his boat.
The last thing that Sherlock remembered was a large mass moving quickly towards his head. He ducked, but his reactions were slow, dulled by pain and stiffness.
Bagged blood had never done this for him. While he was working on the pills, he drank infrequently, and only the minimum amount necessary to stave off hypothermia. The blood was disgusting and had turned his stomach, and pills had seemed vastly preferable. The pills had no side effects, were tiny (might as well put that chemistry degree to use), and in a pique of whimsy, had a pleasant, robin’s-egg blue colour.
“Are you okay, John?” He glanced up at his date from his crouch on the floor and nodded. Her face was a mix of confused and concerned, and John forced himself to give a smile.
Instead, he forced himself to stick to more practical matters, and he couldn’t help the hopeful tone his voice took.
He watched as she made her way through the door, one little fist held high, and a triumphant smile on her face. “Look what I found, Daddy!”
“So you say, and yet, there were still eyeballs. In your microwave,” John said as he crossed to Sherlock as he sat in his leather chair and handed him his cup of tea.
“May I?” he asked and when she nodded he plucked the piece from her small palm and ran his thumb over the smoothed edges. “Beautiful, Rose. You’ll have to start a collection,” he told her with a smile before handing it back to her.
“John, we’re wasting time here.” Sherlock jumped up, causing Joy to jump up as well, and he began pacing as he always did before, the faded colors of the rug marking his path,
But that wasn’t the end of the story; that the shard was beaten down until it no longer even resembled itself. Instead, something somewhat amazing happened. The rough edges were smoothed, its appearance changed from clear to cloudy. It changed and though it did not look like it did before, it is far more beautiful and precious after the tumult of being broken, discarded, and abused by the sea. From rubbish to treasure in a matter of years.
John’s brows shot up in surprise before he started to shake his head. “No, Sherlock. God, no. You didn’t make me uncomfortable. I know you love Rosie. She needs to hear it. It’s important she knows that the people she loves love her back. I’m sorry if I’ve ever made you feel like you shouldn’t express that to her.”
Sherlock’s hand traced down John’s body, fingertips learning every texture and curve, memorizing until he reached his destination and his hand closed over both their cocks and gripped firmly. He gave a long, leisurely stroke, which caused John to buck up against him.
It really wasn’t fair. Sherlock had a clear advantage to this game with his long arms and legs. He was basically a contortionist.
“Chemistry, John. Obviously.” An eyeroll. “Sodium polyacrylate and water. Mix them together and viola! Snow.”
Sherlock’s hands went to his waist and he pulled John further between his legs and right up against the bed. He wanted to be closer. He wanted bare skin. He pushed his hands under John’s thin nightshirt, seeking the warm flesh of his stomach and back, and it was still not enough.
Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, looked flustered at the sudden turn in the conversation and tossed her hands in the air. “I’m going back to my flat so you two can have your little domestic in private. Don’t be too loud dears,” she proclaimed as she headed out the door and down the stairs. John watched after her for a moment before turning back to Sherlock.
Joy ran up to him, tail wagging in greeting, and he petted her head before hanging his satchel and coat on the hook by the door. Sherlock continued to play, truly oblivious or pretending to be, of John’s presence in the flat, and John went to the kitchen to make a cup of tea and feed Joy.
He took a deep breath and forced his feet up the stairs and into the flat, still painfully aware that his heartbeat too hard, but he wasn’t going to avoid his own home because a ghost had returned from the dead and played the violin.
John nodded. He looked away from Sherlock, to all the flowers again. His thoughts whirling as he tried to make sure that he truly understood what he was being told.
“No. Absolutely not. Lose my number,” she instructed, practically pushing the two men out of the room. “I hope you two will be happy together!” she yelled after them, and then followed the pronouncement with a solid slamming of her door.
John had been sitting on his chair while Sherlock played Christmas songs on his violin to appease Mrs. Hudson, his lean form straight and strong, the colored fairly lights of the tree lighting him, his arms lovingly crading the instrument he so loved. Sherlock would do anything for Mrs. Hudson, no matter what fuss he made about it before doing whatever she asked. Other than the wear the antlers, that was.
“I wasn’t complaining,” John chuckled and put down his still hot tea to accept the glass Sherlock held out to him instead.
John frowned at his own melancholy thoughts and forced himself to give a small laugh as he crossed over and put down the tray on the table.
John’s jaw clenched. He couldn’t exactly deny that there had been a certain thrill in following Sherlock after the whirlwind of seeing the flat for the first time and then being taken to a crime scene, but that didn’t mean that he was going to admit it. It also didn’t mean he was going to be bought and paid for as a spy.
Sherlock hesitated a moment, his gaze flickering to John before he turned back to the silver-haired man and nodded. “I’ll follow behind. Where at?”
He started a light jog in the direction he had last seen Sherlock run down, and it was only a minute or so before he caught sight of the familiar silhouette standing on a street corner, and he ran up to him.
Sherlock watched as Mr. Campbell’s body went completely still as John entered the room, his head turning and his eyes locked on the smaller man as he completely ignored the two of them sitting on the chairs. Sherlock quickly squashed some unknown and unwelcome emotion, a feeling Sherlock refused to acknowledge as being somewhat possessive towards his flatmate, that went flashing through him as the man seemed completely enthralled with John. Was this man that big of a fan of John’s blog? Or was it something else? His thoughts were interrupted as John’s voice suddenly came from the threshold of the kitchen.
The restaurant was relatively quiet around him tonight, or perhaps he just wasn’t paying much attention. Other couples filled the tables, perhaps a family or two, but it wasn’t enough of a distraction to keep his focus off of the door as he waited for his date to arrive.
John stood up and crossed the room to the box. He opened it up and pulled out a small penguin figurine that had belonged to Sherlock once upon a time. He turned to show Mrs. Hudson and she clapped her hands together once in excitement.
But John wasn’t phased by messes; by brokenness. Instead of abandoning Sherlock in the messes he created to deal with on his own, John stood and picked up the pieces. Helped Sherlock to pick up the pieces. Saw through all the facades that Sherlock threw up against the world to hide his insecurities, his anxieties. John saw, and didn’t judge, and didn’t turn away.
Sherlock was struck by the sincerity in John’s statement. He knew John had been in a very low place when they had met. He had deduced the service pistol he kept and how often John’s mind likely turned towards using it one last time. He knew things had been better for John after they met and became flatmates. Friends. When he pulled John into the Work he saw the positive influence it made on the struggling veteran, the damaged doctor. Then he had jumped off a building and ruined everything in a bid to save John’s life. He hadn’t known what his leaving would do to John, but he wasn’t exactly surprised when his return was met with John’s fist, though it wasn’t ideal.
“Did you make another discovery, darling?” he asked as she came to a stop in front of him, small fist brandishing her newest treasure.
He honestly had no idea why he was entertaining all of this madman’s whims. What was wrong with him?
“If you keep talking like that I’m going to come,” John confessed and Sherlock chuckled before giving one more squeeze and letting go.
He knows he saw him running around, and it is clear to John that he was doing it just to get John’s attention. There was no case. If there truly was one, they would not be standing on this street corner talking instead of running off after whatever clues Sherlock needed.
It opened onto a blank page, and it took him a moment to realize it was the blog his therapist had wanted him to start.
They’re both staring up at the ceiling as their breathing and heart rates come back to normal. John can’t stop the smile that stretches across his face. He can’t stop the giggle that bubbles up, either.
John turned away from the window, suddenly remembering that he was completely naked except for his pants.
The ellipses popped up as soon as he hit send. John must have had his phone open while he waited for his response.
Rosie’s ice cream dripped and John wondered if more made it into her mouth or onto her shirt, but she was more than happy with her current situation in life. She even allowed him to sweep in periodically to wipe her cheeks and chin in an attempt to save any clean spot of her clothes.
“You’re...you,” John said with a wild gesture that encompassed all of him, and Sherlock had no idea what to make of that. John let out a deep sigh. “The whole time we lived together I never once saw you date someone. You never mentioned past relationships. You never seemed interested. I didn’t want people making assumptions about you that were untrue.”
“Sherlock, are you feeling ok?” John’s voice gently cut through his thoughts, concern clear in his tone, and Sherlock cursed himself for how unattentive he had been recently.
John felt his lips quirk, but it wasn’t a smile, and the man didn’t seem to really notice or care. He quickly snapped the photo, then examined it. “Ah, there he is.” He zoomed in on the photo and showed it to John. “There’s our man.”
John didn’t know what to say to that. Sherlock was expecting this? Sherlock had wanted this to happen? Had even gone shopping for supplies?
John sat at the desk, his eyes turned down towards the notebook that he had been writing in, and seemed to be ignoring the presence of both men. He was attempting to exude nonchalance, but Sherlock easily read the tense set of his shoulders, the tightness of his jaw, and the occasional flexing of the fingers on his left hand. It was a habit of his when he was stressed about something.
“You always made a scene whenever someone said we were a couple. You practically shouted ‘I’m not gay’ to anyone who even suggested it!” Sherlock didn’t mean for his voice to raise in volume, but he apparently had little control over his transport anymore.
“I’ll need a bit more time before I can go again,” Sherlock said and John felt a smile twist his lips.
“Not always,” Sherlock corrected him, and John nodded thoughtfully, though Sherlock couldn’t see it.
Sherlock knew. He knew. He wasn’t supposed to know how John felt, not the deepest crevices of his heart, those locked boxes that he only acknowledged in the silent graveyard and his previously quiet flat when the nightmares woke him.
“God, no. I’m just...”John paused before he continued, trying to figure out what he wanted to say. “I just didn’t think I made any real difference in your work,” he finished simply.
He was only half listening to John when he started talking about the lack of archenemies in real life. That people had things as basic as people they liked and didn’t like. Girlfriends or boyfriends. “Dull,” Sherlock replied.
Joy was pawing at him now and John forced himself to steady his breathing as reached out a hand to reassure his dog.
The man took a step inside as Sherlock walked into the sitting room and crossed to his chair to sit down without properly introducing himself.
John huffed out a breath, half-laugh, and half-sob, as Nat King Cole’s soulful voice filled the space around them. Sherlock looked down at him, slipped the phone into his jacket pocket where the music was still easily heard, and held out his hand. John stared at it for a moment before taking it, letting Sherlock pull him into another dance right there in the hallway.
He crouched down, examining the trajectory of blood, the angle of the needle as it pierced her eye, the location of the other needle, the cat fur on her clothes.
Once in the cottage, John managed to wrangle Rosie long enough to strip her of her clothes and pull her bathing suit on. He was fairly sure it would have been easier to put an octopus in a bathing suit than a wriggling three-year-old, but he wasn’t one to back away from a challenge. As soon as she was done, he released her back into the wild, listening to the sound of her running down the hallway to her room to talk to the snail she found the day before.
“What makes you think I want anything?” the oily voice of his brother came through his earpiece and he rolled his eyes.
He pushed thoughts of his flatmate from his mind as his date suggested moving their date to the couch and maybe popping in a film, and John readily agreed, not caring what film was picked as he had very little intention of actually watching it.
“Come on,” he said as the water rinsed away the bubbles from Sherlock’s skin. “The water will be getting cold soon.”
He shouldn’t say anything. There was no reason to say anything. But her eyes were gentle and friendly, and they could talk now, they were friends. And Sherlock always did work better when he spoke out loud.
Missing funds weren’t very interesting to Sherlock. The case was barely a one, most likely, and Sherlock was terribly tempted to just tell the man to leave and let the police handle it. However, he was bored and rather than have John yell at him whenever he returned by getting up to something else, he decided to listen to this Alexander Campbell and took on the case.
, John thought, as blood rushed from his brain to his fastly filling cock. Sherlock speaking was better than any porn he had ever watched, any sex he had ever had. And they had barely touched.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at his flatmate. He was fairly certain John had attempted to bait him with a comment like that. ‘Silver fox’, indeed. Well. It wasn’t going to work. He wasn’t even sure for what purpose he was being baited.
“Daddy, I want a bedtime story,” she informed him and John glanced at the clock, somewhat surprised by the late hour. No wonder she was asking for her story.
It had evolved from those early days, where the sight of Sherlock running after a suspect or deducing a crime scene sent a thrill through him that he convinced himself was just excitement from having something better to do than sit in an abysmal bedsit on the outskirts of London. That the man himself had little to do with it, it was just the environment that he led him to. It helped that Sherlock had stated in no uncertain terms that relationships were not his area, that he was married to his work, and John was able to nod and say ‘It’s all fine’ and mean it.
He watched the flames for a while, the play of shadow and light as the wood caught and burned, the logs shifting and dancing as they were consumed and turned to ash. His fingers had crept into his hair without his knowing, pulling and tugging at his curls as his eyes fell closed. The red light of the flames still danced behind his closed eyelids, but he no longer saw them.
A smile stretched wide across the man’s features and it was that smile that set Sherlock completely adrift. It was open and natural. Relaxed, unashamed, unabashed. It was the smile of a genuinely happy young man. A smile that was untarnished by war and a stray bullet.
“Good morning, dear. I suppose that was John I heard head out to work, then,” she said as she wandered into the kitchen, a plate of freshly baked biscuits in hand. He heard the clatter of the plate being placed down on the table. “Oh Sherlock, your coffee has gone cold. Do you want a new cup?”
He stood still though when he heard the sound of someone humming. The voice sounded a lot like Sherlock’s and it seemed to come from the bathroom. John readjusted the towel around his waist and proceeded to investigate.
John, in contrast, seemed to have transformed entirely into ‘Captain Watson’ mode, for which Sherlock was grateful.
“All I know is that he’s freezing cold, and that you didn’t do a damn thing to figure out what happened to him or how or anything, so you—” John waved his hand at Mycroft, somewhat unsteadily, “can piss right off. I’m going home, because in case you didn’t know I had to put eight stitches in his arm today thanks to some idiotic hoarder-murderer, and I want to make sure he’s not gone into some kind of shock. If he can even go into shock, that is. So piss off, Mycroft.” For good measure, he reached across the table, grabbed Mycroft’s (untouched, as expected) amber ale and drained the glass in one shot.
Privately, Sherlock felt John was making a bit much of these burns, but he decided that this was not the time to argue about the length of the convalescence that John would indubitably force upon him.
“How…?” Sherlock managed to get only the first word of his question out, but John seemed to understand anyway.
With a shaky breath, Sherlock nodded his consent, his pupils blown wide with arousal. John ached with love for this beautiful creature who was now choosing to lay himself bare before him. He crept up the bed, cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands, and claimed his mouth, pouring every ounce of emotion into his kiss.
was scrawled in sullen, messy handwriting, and the bit of anxiety that had started to grow in his stomach lessened. Okay. It wasn’t somehow bad news about Harry, then. Good. Good.
“Crime stories. I knew I wanted to be a detective from the beginning. I would need a partner, and you were always with me on stakeouts, listening while I talked through the evidence...” Sherlock shook his head. “It probably sounds creepy.”
Unable to form words, a glassy-eyed Sherlock simply arched his body toward John, a small whimper escaping his swollen lips. Instinctively, John pressed down against the detective, rubbing their rock-hard erections against each other.
“Uh, right, I gotta get to Herbology. See you at practice, mate,” John replied, pushing open the great hall doors and hurrying out onto the lawn.
But at this stage of the game...to crudely shoot them out of a forest would be inelegant, barbarous. Someone would find the bodies, eventually, remote as these ruins were. The bullets might be analyzed. Of course Mycroft was meticulous, gave him a type of rifle that is common in the Balkans and rather rare elsewhere, but still. Shooting them would leave open the possibility that something, however small, could be traced back to the Home Office, creating yet another mess that an accountant might choose to dump on his unfortunate younger brother. No, better to deal with this in a more tidy way.
John was sitting at the table, his head in his hands. He looked up when the lights came on, and his eyes were red-rimmed and wet.
“Yes, John. It’s where two people who like each other go out and have fun,” answered the detective, rolling his eyes. “Or have you forgotten?”
“J-John,” Sherlock whined, the taut muscles of his stomach quivering with every breath. “P-pleathe,” he panted, a hint of desperation in his voice. “Pleathe, John.”
“Damn straight.“ John put an arm around Sherlock’s waist (nope, not thinking about that, not the time, he ordered himself), hauled him to his feet for the second time, flopped one of Sherlock’s arms over his shoulders, and half-carried, half-dragged him through the door.
“A letter you got while you were over there. Who from? Your wife? No, you don’t have one. No ring. Girlfriend or fiancée then? Possibly, but you spent the day sitting on a hill in Regent’s Park, unlikely you have a girlfriend or you’d be doing something better with one of the last warm Saturdays of the year. Family? You’re clearly not close with them because you have traces of Scots in your accent yet you live here, in London, alone.”
I take a picture with my phone and squint at it. In the dimly lit underground station the tracks are barely visible. (Wait, why is it dimly lit? Are the lights out?)
Except he had, entirely by accident, let John closer, and look where that had gotten him. John was avoiding him in preference to spending more time at the Yard with Lestrade, and Sherlock was sulking alone at home with his chemicals.
“Hey, Sherlock,” John said, turning to face him. The fifth year’s hair was as messy as ever, but in an uncharacteristic move Sherlock was not wearing his house tie. Normally he was fastidious about the state of his school uniform, but today not only was his tie was missing, but the top two buttons of his shirt were undone.
Sherlock held the offending calendar out to Donovan, pinching only the corner of it between two fingers. “I don’t want this,” he repeated.
John shook his head in disbelief as he processed what Mycroft said. It wasn’t that he wouldn’t protect Sherlock to the best of his ability. Of course, he would. The disbelief was Mycroft asking him to do so.
“Fine, let’s pick something else, then. I don’t want to watch the news anymore on Christmas Eve. What about this one?”
“Don’t answer that!” he called out as he swung his legs up off the sofa and jumped up. He pulled out the pink suitcase and John stared at it for a moment before looking at him.
“My landlady taught me. Well, she took mercy on me after I set off the smoke alarm far too many times.”
His hands traced up the strong thighs from his knees and John felt Sherlock’s muscles jump at the touch. His thumbs traced the crease between inner thigh and groin. Sherlock’s eyes were locked on his hands and John watched as his cock twitched in anticipation, which sent a jolt of arousal to his own groin. He bent his head and nuzzled into Sherlock, breathing in his scent at the base of his cock. He heard as much as felt Sherlock groan, and his eyes traveled up the long body until their gaze met. Eyes locked, John’s tongue came out and licked up his length. The look on Sherlock’s face was almost enough to have him coming right there. He closed his eyes and took Sherlock’s glans into his mouth, tasting and sucking softly, and hummed in appreciation when Sherlock’s hips bucked up against his will. He pinned his hips down with his right forearm and brought his left hand up to cup Sherlock’s balls, gently kneading and rolling them between his fingers. Sherlock’s breathing was quick and the sounds coming out of him were making John wild with desire.
“Just as you left lilies and carnations. The baby’s breaths and the roses and chrysanthemums. All the flowers you’ve left for me.”
It was silent then between them. Joy was a warm and calming presence at his side and he realized after several minutes that he never finished making his tea. He didn’t want it any, though. He put his hands down on the table and stood up, dislodging Joy’s head from his lap.
After dinner, they went to the living room and John picked a movie for them to watch while Sherlock took up residence on one side of the sofa. Sherlock couldn’t help the snort of derision when it started.
“Yes. She found three of those pieces herself. She was very proud of herself, as she should be. She’s a very clever child.”
Luckily, it seemed to work. Sherlock scoffed, rolled his eyes, then promptly sat at the foot of the bed.
His hand went towards his pocket again, but no, he hadn’t heard a ping or felt a vibration. He looked back towards his date, who was giving him a slightly confused smile, and he remembered that this was going well, and if he played his cards right he would be having a pleasurable end to his evening. He forced Sherlock from his mind and gave his full attention, well, 90% of his attention, at least, to her again.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up slightly in the corner at that, giving him an almost shy expression that John found completely charming.
“Dinner should be ready in about 10 minutes, I think. According to the instructions, anyway,” John told him. “Did you two have fun?”
John blinked at her for a moment, but she threw her hands up and walked away before he could think up a reply to that.
It was surreal and John’s head was no longer fuzzy with alcohol, but swimming in endorphins and those emotions he had locked in a box in his mind for two years. He had to be dreaming, except maybe it was more of a nightmare than a dream.
Sherlock had made a habit of being silent on his feet from a young age. It had been a game, a challenge, to learn how to move his body to make the least amount of noise. When he was a boy it helped him to sneak out of his room at night and hide the biscuit tins so Mycroft couldn’t find them in the morning. As a young adult, it helped him to sneak out of his dorm and steal back the cigarettes that were routinely confiscated. Older still, he found it had come in very handy when on the pursuit of a suspect. It was ingrained in him now. John often yelled at him to make more noise and stop sneaking up on him because didn’t he realize John was a veteran with a quick trigger finger and a decent left hook? Still, habits are hard to break, and he was near silent when he returned home to Baker Street from NSY the following evening. He had seen the light on through the window above the dark door with its brass numbers and knew John must be home. It was only 7 and he doubted John had cooked. He placed his coat and scarf on their hooks by the door, then started up the staircase.  As he climbed he considered suggesting the two of them go to the Thai place on the corner. Or perhaps they could just order takeaway and have a night in. He could probably convince John to watch one of those films he liked. He was over halfway up the stairs before he realized he could hear voices coming from the flat. One was John, but the other was decidedly not Mrs. Hudson as he would have first assumed. He paused far enough away from the open door to overhear the conversation as it took place, but to not be seen by any of the participants. He’d have plenty of time to move if one of them came to the door and looked down.
The beast slithered upon him, plucking at the seams of his defenses and he watched in horror as they lost any semblance of structure. Of rational thought. Of sanity. The threads were snapping and he was flying loose, buffeted in nightmare winds, scrabbling for purchase with bloodied fingernails against his own mind.
“I may have prepared myself in the loo,” John grinned and watched as Sherlock let his head flop down on the pillow. He aligned himself and sank carefully down. He bit down on his lip as his body opened for Sherlock and he felt himself being filled. Sherlock’s eyes were locked on his, his hands running up and down John’s thighs as he lowered onto him, and he kept himself perfectly still. When he was fully seated, John let out a sigh, delighting in the feeling of fullness.
John closed his book and laid it down on the table beside his half-filled teacup. He stood up from his chair and cocked his head slightly to the side and regarded him quietly. Sherlock watched as John’s eyes traveled over him, head to toe and back again. He briefly wondered if this was how people felt when he looked at them and he wasn’t sure if he entirely liked it. But then again, it was John’s dark blue gaze that took him in so carefully, and he did rather like that. As John silently scrutinized him, he took the time to observe John as well. He had showered recently and was wearing clean pajamas- an old RAMC shirt and plaid sleep trousers-, and they were creased enough to show John had sat in his chair for some time. His eyes flickered to John’s neck and arms for any sign of love bites or fingertip bruises left by gripping hands, then cursed himself for trying to see them. There were none that he saw, but he also didn’t want to see them if they were there. His eyes snapped back to John’s face when the smaller man took a step towards him.
“You know, if you just lived here, you would have been with me and this most likely wouldn’t have happened,” Sherlock informed him with an arched brow- the one that wasn’t currently numb- and John narrowed his eyes at him.
They ate in silence except for the occasional remark of how good a certain bite was, how the wine was a perfect choice, how the rice was cooked exactly right. It seemed that John always had a compliment to give, and Sherlock accepted each one with a shyness that surprised him.
“Well, for one thing, you look as put-together as you did when you left to do that paperwork this afternoon. Not a single curl is out of place. If you had been dancing at a club you would be in a bit more disarray. All those people. Bodies pressing together as they dance. The humidity would have affected your hair no matter how expensive the product you put in it is.” John deduced, and didn’t that cause an interesting mix of annoyance, pride, and, for the sake of honesty, arousal? John stood right in front of him now, close enough to reach out and touch if he wanted, but he kept his hands firmly at his sides. Kept his face completely neutral. “The heat and the lights in the club would have had you sweating in those clothes of yours, but you’re completely dry. You haven’t been drinking, and who goes to a club to dance and doesn’t have at least one drink?” John continued.
His hand came up to push back a damp curl from Sherlock’s forehead, to trace a cheekbone with his fingertips, then his mouth with his thumb. Sherlock was beautiful and he could hardly believe he was allowed to touch him like this. He leaned forward and Sherlock met him with a tender kiss.
He needed to do something. He needed a plan, and then a backup plan, and then a backup to the backup plan. So, John did what parents all over the world were doing. He went to his laptop, typed into the address bar, and pulled up Pinterest on ideas to keep busy at home.
“Of course not, my phone is off,” he grumbled, eyes scanning around him at all the people now sending annoyed looks their way.
The sudden thought of Bill Murray, a man who Sherlock had previously thought of for maybe 3 seconds after seeing his name on one of John’s blog posts, now sent a shock through his system. Had John ever been with Murray? Or were they really only old Army comrades? He shifted his feet slightly, suddenly very uncomfortable with the thought that John had been out with what could have potentially been an old flame. It wasn’t a fair thought to have. He had no claim on John, but this wasn’t exactly a new or astonishing reaction. He often hated the thought of John spending time with anyone who wasn’t him.
“Sherlock, I’m so sorry. If I could have told him something, anything, I’m sure he would have waited-,” Molly began quickly, but Sherlock shook his head.
The idea of getting on Tube while more than half-drunk wasn’t at all appealing, so he hailed a cab and a true Christmas miracle was performed.
