"I'm so fucking wasted."
"Everyone in their positions?" Steve asked over the headset. "Ready." Banner answered, making his way into the lab. "Ready." Clint adjusted himself on his perch, making sure he would have a direct hit on his target. "Give me the word and I'm on it." Tony said, keeping his suit at a low enough power to keep it from being picked up by any trackers that the terrorists had set up. "Alright, let's go!" Steve shouted, and quickly led the attack on the terrorists. Bruce set up an explosive chemical that would completely destroy the lab and everyone in it within five minutes, but until then, the man smiled as his eyes flashed to green, and the Hulk took over, wreaking havoc on the lab. Clint took out the leader of the organization, along with a few of his men. "Target eliminated Captain!" he said, firing at the shooters from below.
Peter stared daggers at the DVD. He wished it would just throw itself into the garbage.  He didn't want to watch it. He didn't want to look at it. But something inside him told him to. Something inside of him forced him to pick up the DVD and put it in the player, and sit on his chair and watch as his father stared back at him. He smiled weakly, looking just as he did in Steve's video.
"What's the matter? You scared?" The man asked, getting closer to Steve's face, the smell of alcohol overpowering. "Hey! Leave him alone would you?" Tony intervened, glaring at the drunk. "Ooh, look at this, now we got the little guy, Tony Stark isn't it?" The man asked, and turned his attention away from Steve to the small brunette. "You here with this guy? I never took you for a fag Stark, I thought higher of you." He laughed, and pushed Tony. He was taken off guard, and stumbled back a bit. "What did you call me?" he asked, hands balling into fists. The drunk laughed, before grabbing Tony by the collar, and looking him in the eye. "A disgusting, cock sucking, dick loving, faggot!" The man snarled, and threw Tony back, causing him to fall back onto the counter and hit his head.
each other?" He felt his gut wrench.
Tony couldn't help but look confused.
The two had barely been able to keep their hands off one another in the cab, and Steve had gotten a little rough in the elevator ride up; Tony was pretty sure there would be a nice dent in one of the walls. But at that moment, he couldn't have given less of a fuck. They made it to the room, and Steve tore off Tony's shirt so quickly that some of the buttons flew off.
Maybe it was the atmosphere, or maybe it was the way Tony looked with his hair pushed back off his face, matted to his head with sweat. The blond didn't care, he placed one hand behind Tony's neck, the other on his lower back pushing them even closer together, and he ran his tongue up the brunet's neck, taking in all that was there: Tony's sweat, the faint taste of a cologne that had long worn off, the taste of a woman's lipstick.
"Holy..." Tony gasped as he walked into the room, covered in white. The table clothes, the decorations, the people, it all looked as if they had entered some sort of wonderland. "Damn...They really went all out with it this year." Steve whispered, taking in the scenery. Natasha giggled; she was used to the entire decor, since she had been a member of S.H.I.E.L.D for so long. A slow song floated around in the background, tempting Steve to grab Tony's hand and bring him onto the dance floor. "I better go find Clint; he always loves to have a little too much fun at these parties. She gave the lovers a small wave, and headed into the crowd.
Tony growled, causing Steve to look up. "What?" Tony looked over surprised. "What?" Steve smiled, finding humor in the younger man's absent mindedness. "Nothing, let's go back inside, you look like you're freezing." The blond got up, and offered a hand to Tony. He scowled, and got up on his own.
"It's over between us, there's nothing for you to write your little story on, now leave me and Steve alone." Tony answered, wiping away his tears. "Oh, but that doesn't mean the thing you speak of never happened. I wonder what everyone would think when they found out that Anthony Stark had a passionate love affair with Steve Rogers?" Her voice went from light to threatening, and Tony tried to keep himself under control.
"So, this, last night, it didn't change anything for you?" Steve questioned, disappointment slowly stirring. But what had he expected; that they would all of a sudden go public? That this hook up would actually mean something to Tony- the guy whose had more women and men than Steve could count on his fingers and toes? It was a stupid notion.
"So... You and Tony huh?"
He looked back to where Steve's body had been blown away, and suddenly, he found himself running. Running to where the man he never told had died. Please Steve, don't be dead. Tears streamed down his face, and he stopped in front of Steve's shield. It had remained intact, but there were blood stains across the dark blasting powder. Tony broke down again, picking up the shield and holding it close to his chest. "Steve, I'm sorry. I never told you, I never told you how I felt. And now it's too late." he sobbed. "Oh God Steve, you can't be dead. Please don't be dead."
Tony stood, and made his way to Steve's room, hoping he would be there.
Tony thought to himself as he watched the room spin before him, just barely able to keep his focus on the soldier in front of him.
Yeah, everything seemed good.
"No, no it was, it was great." Tony breathed, smiling.
that made the soldier want to jump out the nearest window.
afraid to say? You're the one who constantly keeps to himself! The one who always has to be the tough guy! You never let anyone in!" he argued, his voice rising with each sentence.
Tony showed up about ten minutes later, and sighed when he spotted Steve. "Hi." he muttered. Steve motioned for him to sit. Tony sat across from him, looking curiously at the manila folder. "What's-" He started, but Steve cut him off. "We're through Stark." Tony looked up. "W-what?" "We're through. It's best for everyone if we just pretend like none of this ever happened." Steve stated, avoiding Tony's eyes.
“So Steve, where do you train?” Ashley asked. “Oh, um, here in New York, but they had us move around a bit.” Steve said, pushing the food around with his fork. “Really? I don’t think I’ve seen a camp around here for a while.” Ashley said, trying to keep the conversation alive. “Well, that means they’ve been doing their job.” Steve mumbled.
"Keep telling yourself that. So? Do you or don't you?" Tony asked as he sat down across from him. "I can't, I have a date with Christine later." Steve answered quietly, not looking up. "Oh, okay. Another time then." The brunette said, trying to hide the obvious fact of his disappointment. "Maybe tomorrow night?" The solider offered, and the other man looked up, smiling softly. "Sure, sounds good to me. The Silver Celtics?"
"And what would it do to Pepper?"
"Another dream about Tony?"
“Yeah, I do.” he mumbled, and continued walking towards Natasha. She tried to hide the amused look on her face; even more so when Tony shot her the dirtiest look he could muster up. She looked at Steve, who gave her a soft smile, and shrugged his shoulders as if to say, W
"Hey Steve, everything okay?" Bruce asked as he stepped out of his room and into the corridor, almost bumping into an extremely upset Steve. "Here are your tickets back, thanks for the offer, but I think you and Tony should go. He'd have much more fun without me." The soldier said as politely as he could, placing the tickets in his friend's hand.
He half expected everyone to jump out and yell, "Surprise!" The soldier listened intently, thinking he heard a noise.
“Hey Steve! Glad to see you made it okay!” Clint said, greeting him with a smile. “Everyone is around the tree; I’ll show you where to put your presents.” Steve nodded, and walked quickly with the smaller man to the living room. “Woah…” he gasped, and stopped short upon entering the living room. The tree was huge, and decorated with ornaments of all kinds; old ones, new ones, ones that lit up and ones that sparkled.  A small train wrapped around the bottom of the tree, and Steve smiled. It was like the one he used to have when he was a kid.
"I should repay you." Christine muttered, opening the door. She smirked as Steve stood before her, half dressed. "Really Christine, that's not-" his sentence was cut short by her lips. She kissed him softly at first, trying get him to respond. He tried his best to resist, but soon enough he found himself kissing back, wrapping his arms around her waist. She smiled against the kiss, running her hands up Steve's chest, and putting a hand on his neck.
The two remained silent until they excited the building, and headed towards central park. A light snow had begun to fall, and people were bundled up. The streets were quiet, still filled, but quiet. Tony breathed in the chilly November air, and grinned. "I always loved this time of the year." Steve looked up, and smiled. "Yeah. Me too."
Steve sighed, and looked over to see Tony opening the schnapps, struggling to get the corkscrew out. The soldier chuckled and sat himself down, picking at his potatoes. Tony finally dislodged the cork, and poured the schnapps into two smaller glasses.
Tony's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a closing door, and the dimming of the lights.
"Aw come on Steve!" Tony whined, pulling on his arm. "It's a once a year carnival, and I've always wanted to go with someone special." "No Tony, I don't feel like it. Now leave me alone." Steve shot his lover a dirty look as he pulled the covers over his head. "But Steve! It'll be fun! We can ride the Ferris wheel and get cotton candy, and you can win me stuff." Tony suggested, crawling onto the blond and attempting to pull the covers down away from his face. "I just don't want to alright?" Steve snapped, and immediately regretted it. He felt Tony's weight lift off of him, and heard the bedroom door open and slam shut.
Tony crumpled up the paper and tossed it in the garbage. He'd have to call Pepper later, let her know he misses her. But for now, he had something else on his mind. The brunette poured himself a cup of coffee and headed out to his balcony. He tried to think of what exactly had gone down last night.
“I guess that makes me first.” Jane said, reaching out for her gift. They had done secret Santa’s figuring it would be the best way to get everyone a gift while not spending too much. Jane got a pair of shoes, red and silver, to match Thor’s Asgardian outfit. Bruce got a pair of elastic pants, wide enough to fit the hulk. Natasha kept her gift hidden from the rest. Clint got standard S.H.I.E.L.D targets; Pepper got a long and elegant dress, an obvious gift from Natasha. Tony got a new pair of high tech goggles, ones that tinted when working with brighter lights. Thor received a cell phone. “I’m not sure if it’ll work in Asgard, Clint shrugged, “But it’s worth a shot.” Steve had convinced the other’s to allow him to go last.
"Your girl's here, better snatch her before someone else does." Tony called back over his shoulder. Steve turned around to see Ashley entering the bar, a nervous look on her face. She spotted the soldier and her face lit up. Steve waved as he headed over to greet her. Ashley wrapped her arms around his neck and pecked him on the lips.
"Goodbye, Miss Potts."
Steve was fuming. "That's it. I'm taking you home, one way, or another." Tony sat back down in the booth, and crossed his arms over his chest. "You wouldn't do it. You don't have the balls." he challenged, and the two remained, watching each other. Tony smiled, a snarky smile that made Steve want to kiss him, for some stupid reason. He leaned in, and the brunette felt his breathing stop. The soldier picked up Tony and slung him over his shoulder, causing both to lose their train of thoughts.
"Hey Steve? Can-"
"Up and at em boys! It's going on noon and Fury needs us to meet with him!" Natasha's voice filled the room, and Steve woke up with a start. He had slept on Tony's couch, wanting to make sure Tony didn't fall out of bed, or something worse. He rubbed his eyes, looking at the clock below the T.V, groaning. "Come on Natasha, five more minutes!" The soldier grumbled, flipping over onto his side. The female assassin smiled, and walked over to the closed curtain.
"Here, fuck here, give it to me." Tony groaned, taking the package from Steve's hands and sitting up. He opened the package, but not before the blond pressed himself against the other man's back, their sweat mixing and making it almost impossible to tell where the line in their bodies could be drawn. When the fuck did it get so hot in there?
“I wish it were a joke Peter.” Steve muttered, gripping the side of the table so hard his knuckles turned white. “I can’t believe you.” Peter snarled, giving his father the dirtiest look he could ever muster. “You’re the worst dad ever! I hate you!” The boy yelled as he bounded up the stairs, taking them two at a time. The sound of a slamming door confirmed he was out of ear shot. “I hope you’re happy. You’ve managed to ruin two lives today.” Steve muttered as he got up, and took the stairs to Peter’s room.
He looked around in the street, but it was of no use. Natasha had followed out after the two lovers, curious as to what the hell was going on. “Tony?” She peered at the man before her, who looked bewildered and confused. “What the hell happened back there? Why did Steve run out like that?” Tony turned around quickly. “Natasha, I need you to do me a favor. Don’t let anybody know Steve left or I. Get Ashley out of here, take her home or something,” he ordered, and the woman nodded, taken aback by his sudden aggressiveness.
"You knew they were going to be here." Steve muttered, sipping at his water. "Pure coincidence darling." Christine smirked. Steve noticed movement out of the corner of his eye. He glanced over to see Tony and Pepper holding hands.
"Why are these still on?" Tony slurred, sloppily kissing the blond as he moved to take off the clothing.
"I can't tell you I saw this coming, I really never planned for any of this to happen." Tony sighed, and ran a hand through his dark hair. "I understand if you hate me now, if you never want to speak to me again. I can't blame you. But, just know, I did love you, and I will never forget what we had together." he said, reaching for her hand. But she quickly pulled away. "Just go, I'll pack up my things, and find a place to stay. Thank you for everything Tony." Pepper whispered, smiling at him brokenly.
Tony felt a hand turn him around briskly, and his eyes were met by a pair of blue ones. They studied him, looking over him, trying to look through him. But they couldn't. Tony's bloodshot eyes kept them from truly seeing what was wrong. Steve dropped his hands, but his eyes remained locked on Tony's. "Why won't you talk to me?" Steve questioned, his face stern.
"Steve and I got into a fight earlier, nothing too big."
"I love you Tony."
Without warning, Tony shoved himself in Steve, causing them both to cry out with pleasure. The super soldier pulled Tony's head to his, their lips colliding. Steve intertwined his hands in Tony's hair, tugging hard. Tony rammed himself into Steve's prostate, and the pain eased. Tony pushed himself deeper into Steve, moving his hips faster, and he didn't know how much longer he could last. "T-Tony," Steve's voice was weak and Tony smiled enjoying the power. "Go ahead Steve. I want to do what you need to enjoy this moment."
“Amen.”
Tony pulled up to the house, hedges along a wrought iron fence blocking his view. He got out of the car, leaving Bruce in the car to wonder what was going on. Truthfully, Tony had wanted to leave only a few minutes after they got in, and he seemed hell-bent on finding this address. "Tony's so weird." he mumbled, and flipped on some music.
Steve couldn't speak, he only sobbed, and Tony held him close; the others could only stand in silence as they watched the strong man break down into tears. Clint joined them on the bed, and so did Bruce. They all sat in silence except for Steve, who was still shaking. It was all just a horrible memory.
Steve placed his fist in front of Tony's face, and slowly made his way to the man's perfect hair. "Wait! Uncle! Uncle!" Tony pleaded, and Steve released the man, who glared at him. The blond simply laughed, and Natasha walked in on the fun. "Well, looks like you two are having a fun time, 'training'." She put air quotes around the last word, causing Steve to laugh even harder. Tony shoved him hard, and the super soldier fell onto the ropes.
Steve left the shower, threw on his jeans and tee, and hopped on his bike. He didn't mind riding in the cold weather. It didn't bother him. When he finally reached Stark towers, the concrete before it was still a bit broken. He looked up to see the A, which had now become their symbol, standing proud. He parked his bike on the sidewalk, and headed in.
"Steve? You up here?" Tony poked his head out the roof top door, the cold immediately nipping at his face. He shuddered, and heard a low voice. "I think that's the first time you ever called me Steve." The voice said quietly. Tony stepped out to find Steve sitting on the edge of the roof, hunched over. "Cap? What are you doing up here?" The brunette asked, rubbing his arms to keep warm.
"Well, I mean, it was a pretty nice hook up Capsicle." The smaller man said, moving his hands up to hold the blond's face in his hands.
"Okay, I see how it is." he laughed, a tear sliding down his cheek. He smiled, broken, before going at Steve. The blond was caught off guard, and Tony's fist hit him hard in the gut. He doubled over from the sudden blow, and another hit was received at the jaw. He fell against the wall when Tony came at him again. Steve was prepared, he stood and quickly tackled the smaller man, pinning him to the ground. "You're a selfish bastard! You only care about yourself, you may say that you care about everyone else, but let's face it. You don't!" Steve growled, eyes full of fire and tears; Tony was thrashing below him, trying to get the blond off of him.
He sighed, and looked up at him, "I'm not going to lie to you Tony, Pepper told me to come, said she went to a lot of trouble, but that's not really why I'm here." Steve ran a hand through his hair. "I missed you Tony, and I hate not talking to you." he said, smiling at Tony. The other man smiled back. "Well, now we're friends again. So, here's to us." He raised his glass, and Steve raised his glass of water. "Cheers." They muttered, and took a drink.
"I don't think, I know. How could you do this to all of us? Do you understand what could happen if this all goes wrong?"
"Thanks for defending me back there Stevie." Christine said loud enough for Steve to hear through his door. "No problem. I have no tolerance for a man who disrespects a woman like that." It was partially true, Steve may not like Christine, but he was still a gentleman. And he had to make it seem believable.
"So you are hiding something then?"
"Right. Bye Bruce. You two have fun." Steve stormed out, not looking back once. Bruce was left in confusion, shaking his head lightly. "So you were talking about that project?" Tony asked, heading to where his friend stood, pushing Steve out of his mind.
“Hello American man! It is nice to see you could join us.” Thor laughed, wrapping the soldier in a hug. Clint and Natasha quickly stole the presents from Steve’s arms, before he could crush them. “Thor! What are you doing back so soon?” Steve asked, struggling to breathe.  “My father let me back for a day. I’m not staying, but he said the King of Asgard should spend his days as he pleases.” Thor grinned as he placed his friend back on solid ground.
Tony.
“I thought this would really be the best thing to give you.” Tony muttered, watching the super soldier’s reaction. Steve looked up, a mix of pain and gratefulness showing on his face. “How’d you even find this?” Steve asked, running his thumb over the needle kept protected by glass. “It wasn’t easy, took some pretty deep looking, but, I have my ways.” Tony smiled, his eyes twinkling. “Thank you Tony. It’s really the best gift I could ever receive.” Steve said, closing the compass. He placed it in his pants pockets, and everyone went around hugging each other merry Christmas.
Tony Stark has had to settle in a hotel for now, due to the destruction of Stark Towers. All the Avengers had joined him, they had become close, well, most of them...
He continued to sing, keeping his eyes locked on Steve's, and he disconnected the microphone from it's stand, making it mobile. He stepped off the stage, making his way to the table at which Steve sat at. "Since you've gone, Ive been lost without a trace, I dream at night, I can only see your face. I look around but it's you I cant replace. I feel so cold and I long for your embrace. I keep crying baby, baby please!" he sang, taking Steve's hand in his own, and taking the soldier by surprise as he pulled him up and lead him to the stage.
They ordered their drinks, and headed to a table in the back of the cafe. Steve held his black coffee, trying to find some feeling in them. Tony did the same. He didn't like his coffee too hot anyways. The two stared at each other, and Tony began to laugh.
My first Fem!Stony fic.
"Sorry boy, but I'm not staying. I'll tip you for the water-" Toni stopped when she looked up, eyes falling on a simply stunning young woman, blond hair brought away from her face and pulled back in a nice bun, while a few pieces where still left to escape and dangle in front of a pair of crystal blue eyes, and pouty lips. Toni had to keep her jaw from falling open.
"Where are the others?" Steve asked, buttoning his jacket, trying to avoid any eye contact with the handsome man before him. Tony shifted uncomfortably. "They couldn't make it." he lied, not meeting Steve's eyes. Actually, he hadn't even asked any of the others. He wanted to have Steve to himself tonight, so they could have a talk
"I knew I'd find you up here." Steve looked up, only to see Tony standing above him- floating actually. He wore his Iron Man suit, the mask covering his face. The blond took his head in his hands and rubbed his temples. Tony was the last person he wanted to see right now. "What do you want Stark?" he mumbled into his hands. The other man floated to the roof top and landed, flipping up his mask so he could get a better look at the broken soldier before him.
“What’s this?” Peter asked, looking it over with a confused look. “I don’t know, Pepper told me Tony wanted us to have these.” Steve said quietly. He looked over his son. “It’s late, you should get some rest.” he said, hugging Peter. The boy held back sobs, and nodded. “If you need to stay in my bed tonight, you know where I am.” Steve muttered into his son’s hair. Again, Peter nodded.
"We're not going to have a repeat of last time are we?" Steve asked as they sat down. "Oh come on, you know you enjoyed carrying me." Tony laughed. "Oh yeah, because carrying a blind drunk man up twelve flights of stairs is just my idea of fun." The soldier said, rolling his eyes and laughing. "Hey, you're the one who decided to take the stairs, and let me just say, it wasn't much fun for me either. You may be ripped, but that doesn't mean you're soft." The brunette muttered, remembering the pain in his hips that he felt the next day.
Tony released the blond's hand, blushing slightly. A familiar beat played over the speakers of the restaurant, and the brunette looked over to see couples flocking to the dance floor, laughing and beginning to dance. Hinder's cover of "Take Me Home Tonight" blasted, and Tony shook his head, chuckling. "You want to dance?" Steve asked, a playful tone in his voice. "Sure." Tony said, and stood, taking the soldier to the dance floor and beginning to move his hips to the music.
"Glad to see you came." Steve's voice sent chills down Tony's spine, and he turned around slowly. Steve stood dressed in uniform, and the brunette smiled. "What are the chances that we both come to the same restaurant?" The soldier laughed. Tony laughed with him, running a hand through his dark hair. "Yeah what are the odds?" Steve looked down at the other man, waiting for more of a conversation. A silence passed, and Tony cleared his throat. "Is now really the best time to be talking about this?" he muttered, shoving his hands in his pants pockets.
The words repeated over and over in Tony's head, and his anger only worsened. He tightened a bolt on the large machine he was working on, making a little too tight and hearing the piece break. "Son of a bitch!" he yelled, and threw the tool across the lab, barely missing one of his more important projects. He held his breath as the tool bounced on the floor, cracking into pieces and scattering. He exhaled, and kicked the machine he had been previously working on. It was something for Pepper, it would help in the process of making car engines, make it a cleaner process. But at the moment, he could care less.
He stepped out of the bathroom in his dressing room, and straightened his suit jacket. He walked out of the room, hearing the announcer getting the crowd ready for his arrival. "Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome, Tony Stark!" The crowd cheered as the curtains pulled away and the music began. He stepped up to the microphone, observing the crowd.
Steve and Tony turned around to see Natasha and Clint hand in hand, with Bruce trailing behind them, munching on some sort of street food. The two moved towards them, happy to finally see some familiar faces. "Fury said he'll be here any second. Knowing that man, he'll probably be coming in on a-" Natasha began before Bruce cut her off. "Helicopter?" They all turned to see the young man staring straight at them.
Steve sighed heavily as he walked into his apartment, only to find Tony sitting there, wringing his hands as he obviously waited for the soldier to come back home. He closed the door softly behind him, and the brunette jumped up, and went over to kiss him hello. The blond stepped away, and Tony could sense something was wrong. "We need to talk." He said, voice harsh. "What's wrong Steve?"
Steve looked away, contemplating the offer.
"No, you don't." Tony stated, trying to keep his voice still. "Steve and I found something in each other, something we hadn't found in anyone else; it's different with him Pepper! I love him, and I know he loves me, I can't see my life without him anymore," He looked at Pepper, sympathy on his face. "I'm sorry, I wish I could have told you, I never wanted to hurt you...I loved you, I really did, but-" "But now you don't, and you want it to end. I understand Tony." She said, taking in a shaky breath.
“You’re right. But I think you know it already, Mrs. Everhart.” Steve said nonchalantly.
"Give me my shirt!" Tony said as he placed his cup on the counter, diving towards the super soldier. Steve was caught off guard, and yelped as he was pushed against the counter, coffee spilling, and the shirt being ripped off his body.
"I'm really glad we came here tonight Tony! It's been way too long. I missed you." Pepper said as she admired the large restaurant. "Anything for you Miss. Potts." Tony grinned, and the woman giggled. She leaned forward and the two gently kissed. It felt nice having Pepper back around. He finally felt as if he could relax, and forget about what happened.
Natasha sighed, happy for the two friends. She could only hope it would stay that way. But Mr. Stark always gets what he wants. Clint entered the room a moment later, and kissed his fiancée hello. Steve made a mock gagging noise, and Tony chuckled. "You two are in good spirits today. What's up with that?" Clint asked, making his way towards the boxing ring.
Steve did as he was told.
"See? We can still be lovers." Tony whispered, keeping a bored look on his face. “I know Tony, but I-" Steve began, but stopped when he heard the soft music beginning to play. A slow smile spread across his face. "You want to dance Mr. Stark?" he asked, releasing Tony's hand and beginning to stand. The brunette looked up in shock. "Do you think you can?" he asked, looking the soldier up and down.
Steve couldn't look at him. "I never wanted us to end. I really didn't." he whispered. "Then don't let us, we can still be together! We can just, keep it a secret for a little longer..." Tony whispered back, holding onto the soldier's hand, choking back tears. "I can't do that Tony, I'm sick of hiding, and we both know we can't handle coming out, not yet. I need to leave, figure things out." The blond whispered. "Promise me," The other man whispered, "Promise me you'll come back, if you want to give this another try."
He inhaled one last time, and opened the door. Steve cried out in fear as he say a naked Stark before him. The other man screamed with him, surprised by his sudden arrival. "The hell Cap? Don't you knock?" Tony practically screamed. "You told me to come in I didn't know you would be naked!" The two stared at each other, wide eyed. "Just, hand me that towel and get out!" The brunette ordered. Steve was quick to comply, and shut the door behind himself. Natasha walked in with Clint just in time to see the soldier walking away quickly from the door.
"Uh, yeah. Sounds good." The pair walked over to the ticket booth, and Steve was a complete gentleman, his old chivalrous side showing through. He paid for her ticket, bought the snacks, and let her choose the seats. "Wow, I can't say that happens every time I go on a date." Ashley joked, and Steve stared intently at her. "Really? I would think that a man would treat someone like you like a princess." Steve muttered, and Ashley smiled, feeling a blush creep over her face. "Wow, thank you, Steve." Their eyes met, and he saw her lean in for a kiss.
Christine blinked as she watched him step out of the office, leaving her alone. She sighed, and reached into the drawer, taking out the photos, and putting them over the garbage can, lighting them. She dropped them in, and watched as the only evidence she had of the story went up in flames. There'd be other stories, and who knows, maybe she'd get a better one out of this.
Steve opened his eyes and came back to reality. He pushed himself off of Tony, leaving the man breathless and confused. Their heavy breathing was apparent in the icy air, but their bodies still remained burning. Steve backed away, in shock, coming into realization of what had just conspired. Tony's head spun and he propped himself up against the door, keeping his eyes locked on the man before him. His eyes suddenly fell to the soldier's position, and he found himself screaming out. The blond kept backing away, hearing a distant voice- Tony's voice- but he couldn't make out what he was saying. Before he knew what was happening, he felt the ground disappear from beneath him, and he fell off the roof top, one hundred stories up.
"Can we take the elevators this time?" Tony pleaded, slowly sobering up. "Sure thing, but do you think you can handle the motion?" Steve asked as they got in. "Unless you want to carry me up the stairs again," the smaller man teased. He was surprised to feel his feet leave the ground, and for a moment, he was sure he was falling. He realized that Steve was carrying him, bridal style. "Going to carry me over the threshold Cap?" Tony laughed.
Tony crashed into Steve and the large man went flying into the far wall. The blond tried to catch his breath, and Tony shot a blast in his direction. Steve missed it just in time, and ran for his shield, old war memories trudging their way up into his brain. He smiled, and grabbed his shield just in time to block another blast from the other man, which ricocheted off the shield, and back at the assailant. The small man flew back a few feet, the suit taking some damage. Tony tried to catch his balance, but Steve took the opportunity to make an offensive move.
Steve thought as he twirled the shorter man, and then stopped him so he was now facing him. He extended his leg so that it fell behind Tony, and slid into it. The beat of the song picked up, and so did they. Their movements became one. No longer did their “rivalry” show, now, it was a tango. They moved in such a way that the audience gasped with each twirl, each graceful step. They had never seen such a display. The dancing couple was making love to the music, and using each other as simple bodies. The song ended, and Steve dropped Tony into a dip while falling to one knee.
"Nah, I'll call us a cab. You look like you need a good night's sleep. We won't be out much later." The brunette told him as the bartender came over with a round of shots. "Get gone. We'll be in before four." Bruce laughed and helped Clint out of his chair. He stumbled blindly, bumping into the table and causing the drinks to shake. "Oh, before I forget. Give me your keys." He was obviously referring to Tony, but his pockets were empty. Clint had begun walking towards the door, but spun on his heels to wave goodbye.
"The hell's up with you Capsicle?" Tony asked as he pulled his arm away from the other man. Steve realized he had been holding on to Tony's arm and looked away, trying to hide the blush that now threatened to ravage his face. "Nothing. Um, Fury said he wanted us to head over to meet with him, he's got something to talk about with us I guess." the blond mumbled, still not meeting Tony's eyes.
Steve simply smiled, acting as if he cared. “Thank you, but you know; I’ve never been much of a dancer.” he said, flashing one of his heart melting smiles. “Oh don’t be so modest! You were amazing!” The woman giggled, twirling her hair. “I’m sorry; I never caught your name.”
The next morning, he was awoken by the sound of the phone ringing. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes, yawning a hello into the phone. But sleep was quickly dashed away once he heard the voice on the other end. "Hello Captain, enjoy the show?"
"Steve! Cut it out!" Tony complained as the blond locked his head in his arm. "Say uncle." Steve taunted. Tony ground his teeth, trying to find a way to slip out of the headlock. "Say it or I'll screw up your hair." The soldier threatened, enjoying the feel of power. "You wouldn't dare." The other man growled.
He arrived at the floor, and headed to Steve's door. Tony knocked, and the door opened by itself. Confused, he stepped in. "Steve?" Tony called out into the empty room. It looked like the place hadn't been touched, everything neatly put in its place. "JARVIS, where's Cap?" he asked, looking in the bedroom and finding the bed neatly made. "He said he was going out for a walk, although in this weather I can't imagine where he would be going." The AI responded. Tony bit his lip. "I'm going to find him." he said, running back up to his room to grab his things and headed out after the blond.
The pair stared at each other in awe, and jumped for joy. "We did it Stark! We really did it!" Bruce hi-fived Tony and they marveled at their work. "We've done well." Bruce said proudly. "Hey, how about we celebrate? I know this great little café that has the best coffee." Tony offered, grabbing his jacket off the hook. Bruce followed after, excited for their work. But something in the back of his mind nagged him about that little emblem that Tony had tried so hard to hide.
. He knew the chemical would explode at any moment, and if Bruce had done it right, the whole compound would be destroyed. Tony reached the man, and untangled the soldier's leg from the snare. A muffled explosion could be heard, and Tony wasted no time. He quickly grabbed the Captain, and flew them quickly towards the doors. The building went up just seconds after they made it out.
"Listen, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be so late, but something really did come up, and I really do want to have dinner with you. And from what Bruce has told me about your messy breakup, you're looking for someone to talk to. So, why not a stranger?" Stephanie's voice was pleading, but she had a good point. However, Toni wasn't going to give her that satisfaction.
night! No, he made a promise to this man. "Yeah, let's go. I know just where to find all the best ladies." Tony winked, and grabbed a coat. "Come on Cap, time to find you a woman!"
“Alright, last one’s for you Cap.” Tony teased, giving Steve a playful wink. Steve rolled his eyes and smiled.  He picked up his gift, a small gift wrapped box. Everyone watched in silence, curious as to what it could be. Steve held his breath, and swallowed hard. A small compass, one he knew by heart, sat in the green tissue paper. He lifted it out slowly and carefully, feeling tears come to his eyes. He pressed on the little clasp, and there she was.
With that, Steve immediately rose and stormed out of the cafe, his appetite ruined. Tony chased after him, throwing a fist full of money down on the table. "Wait, come on! You know I was joking right?" Tony called him as Steve got on his motorcycle. The brunette stepped in front of it, receiving a menacing glare from a certain Steve Rogers. "Out of the way Stark, I'm not in the mood for games." The blond growled, and revved the engine.
And the silence continued. Neither was sure of how long, but it didn't matter. They didn't need to talk; it was perfect without words. "You ready to head out?" Steve looked up and saw Tony moving towards the garbage, and he followed after. He hadn't drunk much of his coffee. He didn't like Starbucks much, but he came for Tony's sake.
Steve crossed his arms on the table, and put his head down on them. He closed his eyes, but the image of Tony's face caused them to flash open. He groaned slightly, wanting nothing more than some freaking sleep. "Everything alright Steve?" Bruce asked, taking a seat next to him. The soldier looked up at him, mouthing, "No." Bruce was about to ask what was wrong when Tony walked in. Steve immediately sat up, averting his eyes from the approaching man.
"You." Was all the blond could say, before he moved forward, pressing his lips against the other man's. Tony didn't pull away, rather, he deepened the kiss, threading his fingers through Steve's hair, moving himself closer to the blond and pressing their bodies together, their legs wrapping together and their chests pressing against one another so close that their heart beats seemed to be in sync.
"Hey Tony, toss me a can of soda would you?" Steve asked as he nudged his head towards the cooler."What'd you call it?" Tony chuckled as he lifted himself off the lawn chair to fill the request. "Soda?" Steve repeated, holding out an expecting hand. "We call it pop now a-days Cap." Tony corrected as he reached into the cooler, the ice sending a chill over his hot skin. "Since when?" Steve asked as Tony handed him the can. He pressed it to his neck, cooling himself off.
Steve opened his mouth to start screaming at him, but stopped. "You disobey my orders again," he growled, face only inches from Tony's, "And I won't be saving you at all." He marched off as the rescue vehicles began to arrive, there to pick up the men. The Hulk finally returned to Bruce, who stood naked as he and Clint watched Tony take off, obviously not in the mood to be in the same place as Steve.
"It's so great to see you. I missed you, and I couldn't stop thinking about you." Ashley babbled on, and Steve tried to listen politely. He showed her to a table, and she continued with her conversation. Steve couldn't have been more uninterested. He wanted to leave, but he knew he couldn't be rude. Damn his politeness. Tony chuckled as he ordered another drink, hoping to get as drunk as possible.
"I'm a, police officer." The blonde said, keeping her eyes locked on her menu. "What kind of weapons did you say you made?"
Christine almost choked on her champagne. “Excuse me?”
"Oh so suddenly it's my fault that you're in a pissy mood?" Tony glared at the larger man. "We're a team now Cap, we're supposed to care about each other! Watch over each other and make sure to keep each other safe. You knew that when you took on the role of leader."
Tony took in a quick breath as he opened the door, eyes falling on the tall, blond, handsome, super soldier, Steve Rogers. He smiled at him, and stepped out of his room. "So, you ready to go?" the smaller man asked, and the blond nodded. "I've been ready, but I didn't want to come too early. I know you like to be 'fashionably late'." He teased. Tony smirked, and gave the soldier a small shove. "You know me too well." He laughed. Steve laughed with him, and they took the elevator down to the lobby, taking a cab to The Silver Celtics.
"You. You really think that anyone is going to care that Tony and I are gay for each other? I mean, besides Pepper being pretty upset, I can't see it as being much of a problem." He said, smiling. "Who's to say we didn't tell everyone already?" Christine's jaw dropped slightly, she was obviously caught off guard, which caused Steve to laugh again. "I don't think you have! I mean, it would have been all over the news, and Stark's name would be ruined! Tony Stark, leader of Stark Industries, having an affair with Captain America! That's a pretty big scandal if you ask me!" She said angrily, becoming even more annoyed.
Steve removed his pants before he climbed on the bed, helping Tony with his own pants. Their lips collided, and Steve pinned Tony's arms above his head. Tony groaned with pleasure as Steve kissed his way down his chest, down to his growing erection. Steve used his free hand to remove Tony's boxers, admiring the sight. He let his lips brush past Tony's prick, watching it twitch with pleasure. Tony bit back another moan. "I thought you said you were a virgin." he gasped, and Steve smiled. "I am," Steve growled, kissing his way back up Tony's body, letting his hand do the work on his hard cock. Tony moaned, and Steve kissed him lightly, letting the moan pass from his lips into his mouth. "But that doesn't mean I haven't thought about this from the day we met." Steve felt Tony growing harder beneath him. "Damn it Steve, you've got quite the imagination." Tony said, clenching his teeth. He got one hand free, and tore off Steve's own boxers part way, enough to expose the large cock that he had dreamed about. "That super soldier serum worked wonders." He purred, and put an arm around the larger man's waist, pulling him close. Their naked bodies collided, and sweat mixed in such a perfect way, with cocks growing harder with each grinding movement.
He thought to himself, but even in his head the voice was not as strong as he had wished it to be.
. Tony quickly pocketed his phone, and began to run upstairs. He didn't even bother to try the elevators, this was an emergency. He needed to find Steve, and fast. The man was out of breath by the time he reached the sixth floor, and he didn't bother knocking. He didn't have to. "Steve?" Tony called out, looking around the apartment. The door had been wide open, that wasn't a good sign. "Steve? Where the hell are you?"
"So, how are you today?" Steve began. Tony laughed. "You know Cap, Today started out pretty shitty. And now," Tony looked out the large windows, the sky becoming dark with night. "Now, it's better." he smiled, and Steve smiled with him. The atmosphere, the mood, everything was almost perfect.
Bruce watched silently, and did as Tony asked. He decided not to push the topic any further, and he began to drive them back to the hotel, looking back now and then to watch the broken man behind him.
"Nope. Not until we get you in your own room." Steve said, his tone serious. Tony sighed, and waited as the soldier pulled out the extra room key, and opened the door. Steve walked over to the couch, and threw Tony onto it. He groaned with delight, happy to be on a soft surface. He looked out to the balcony window, the night lighting up only part of the room. Tony lifted his head to find Steve cleaning up the table, slamming plates, an angry look on his face.
Ashley waved at Steve as he came back over, and sat across from her. "Glad to see you came back, I thought you had left." she muttered, smiling down at her dinner. "Nah, I just had to do something real quick." The blond looked over Ashley's shoulder once more, and saw Tony wink in the mirror.
"Just follow my lead, Capsicle." Tony says into Steve's ear, who nods, and allows his hands to be placed on the brunet's hips, and allows the latter to roll one pair of his into the other, grinding them together, the front of Steve's jeans tightening significantly as they brushed against Tony's front, slowly at first, so as to match the beat of the song, and then more quickly with the drop of the bass, the brunet's body moving effortlessly with the music, and Steve had to think conciously to not let his jaw drop.
So this is literally my favorite chapter. This and another one, I think the one after it. Anyways I'm being irrelevant later.
"Hello Stevie. I was so worried that you weren't going to be back home in time for dinner." Christine greeted Steve as walked into S.H.I.E.L.D's headquarters. He looked over, surprised. "How the hell did you get in here?" he asked as she threw her arms around his neck. "I have my ways darling." she muttered, kissing him lightly. Steve kissed back, pretending to have missed her. Tony walked in, helmet in hand, and saw the little display. He snorted. "Someone better alert the guards that one of the mutts got out." he muttered beneath his breath.
Steve immediately tensed, and glanced at Bruce, who now leaned on the counter casually. "I'm sorry?"
Both shook their heads. Steve headed inside and walked into the earth-toned room, glad to get away from the couple. He was happy for them, but he was sick of being reminded of what he never had. The sound of jeans dragging against hardwood caused him to look over, and he saw an aggravated Tony standing by the coffee maker.
"Alright Stark, last one, then we gotta head out." Steve said as he observed the nearly empty bar. Only Tony and him remained, besides a bar tender and a bus boy. The two sat across from each other, their eyes bloodshot from all the drinking. They each had one last shot, but neither thought Tony could handle it. "Alright. You ready Steve?" The man slurred as he lifted the shot with a shaky hand.
"Know what? You guys go have fun. I'll be back at Stark Towers." Tony growled, slamming the bottle down on the counter near Steve's hand, and storming off. The soldier knew he would need to apologize for that little remark, but he wasn't going to be doing it now. He pushed down his guilt, and returned the bottle to its rightful place, and followed out after the others.
loved. He ran his hand into Steve's hair, tugging lightly, imagining himself screaming the man's name and grabbing even harder. The soldier smiled against Tony's lips, and the brunette took this opportunity to let his tongue slip in, and their tongues danced against each other in a way that made them lose themselves in the moment.
She peered at him, noticing how red his face was. "Everything okay there Steve?" Steve looked up quickly, his expression returning to its serious state. "Y-yeah. Everything's fine. You two want some coffee?" The soldier asked. He looked serious, but his voice gave away his nervousness.
"That sounds just fine to me, Captain." Tony muttered, kissing Steve deeply, who responded quickly, smiling against the kiss.
Tony wasn't able to do the same, considering he was fumbling with Steve's shirt buttons, and finally growled a, "Fuck it," and lifted the shirt off the blond, separating them for a split moment. The blond took a second to take in what was happening. He was in a room with Tony Stark- his bedroom, to be exact, and they were about to fuck.
"I'll, just meet you guys there." Natasha said as she ran out the door, embarrassed and shocked at what she had just seen. She had only hoped it wasn't what she thought it was, but... Something told her that her suspicions were true.
He stripped of his clothing, and jumped in the large tub. Turning on the shower, he let the pulsating water flow hit his body, a nice way to wake up and face the long day ahead of him.
“Amen.”
Bullets whizzed past the heads of the two teammates, and both sent back a torrent of bullets and repulsor blasts. "This bringing back any memories Cap?" Tony joked, and Steve laughed. "Too many to count!" he joked back, and gave the order for the others to advance on the retreating enemy army. Tony remained by Steve's side. He wouldn't admit it, but he was a bit nervous for the super soldier. The two dove behind a large stone wall before Tony sent out small missiles to fire at the enemy. "Hold on, I'm going to scout ahead!" Steve called out, and the others obeyed the order as the gunfire dies down, but only by a small amount. Steve readied his shield, but a hand on his arm stopped him.
Tony rubbed his eyes, trying to figure out a way to put it plain and simple.
"What are you doing?" A voice mumbled, warm breath passing by Tony's ear and causing him to shiver. The brunet looked over his shoulder, awkwardly, to see a sleepy eyed Steve staring at him, lips up turned in a smile.
"What happened to your ankles?"
Steve resisted the urge to pull away, figuring he should allow her to enjoy the moment. Ashley pulled away after a few seconds, and he smiled down at her. Tony entered his mind, and he could only hope seeing this wouldn't cause the man much pain.
"Come on Tony. why don't you come off and I'll make this a good birthday for both of us," Steve said, but it was more of a plea than a suggestion. Tony frowned, but removed himself from the man, and felt the hands untangle from his hair, and a bottle of lube find its way into his hand. "Prepare yourself for me." The soldier whispered, and the brunette smirked as he laid back on the bed, removing his pants, and placing some lube into his hands, watching as the other man sat on the edge of the bed enjoying the rest of his cake, teasing him.
"Steve," Tony cried, and the super sodier pushed the gun far enough away that Tony couldn't reach it, and quickly pulled the brunnette into a hug. Tony cried into Steve's shirt, staining it with tears. "I couldn't take it anymore; I wanted it all to end. I wanted the guilt to go away. I was never good enough for him, he didn't want me." Tony muttered quickly, and Steve smoothed Tony's hair back away from his tear stained face. "I want you. I need you. You can't go. I won't let you." Steve admitted, and another tear fell down Tony's face. "I won't let you die too." he pulled him into another hug, trying to calm the broken man. "I'm sorry."
"Great job, let's take out the rest of these bastards and we can go home!" Steve ordered, and everyone quickly agreed. Steve deflected the onslaught of bullets, and Tony appeared beside him. "Come to join the party Stark?" The blond wondered as he aimed the shield at a larger enemy. "What can I say? I love a good party." Tony retorted as he fired at a few oncoming men. They fought side by side, putting aside their feelings and their feud, for the sake of saving the lives of millions.
"Stark! Keep it down would you? I'm trying to read!" Steve Rogers yelled as he sat in his large hotel room, seated in a large arm chair. Tony had the unfortunate pleasure of being his next door neighbor. And that man loved his AC/DC. The music stayed at the same level, and Steve grunted in frustration.
“Hi Steve, by the time you begin to watch this, and if Pepper is still loyal, I’ll be dead.” He chewed on his lip before continuing. “I’m sorry I had to do it this way, but I thought it’d be easier than you trying to come and save me from the inevitable. My arc reactor stopped working about a month ago. Bruce and I tried everything to fix it, but it was no use. The damn thing just gave out, and I knew I would be dead soon enough. Bruce managed to keep me going for a while, but after a bit, I got tired of living. I got tired of having to deal with the thought of you waking up to find me…” His voice trailed off. “That’s why I pulled the divorce stunt. I thought, maybe if you were mad at me, it’d be easier to let me go. Maybe then you wouldn’t have to deal with the thought of me dying slowly.” He wiped a tear away, and sniffled. “I hope I was right. It was a lie, all those things I said. I never stopped loving you Steve, not even as I say these final words. I wanted to spend my final moments with you and Peter, I really did. But things don’t work out that way do they? We don’t always get what we want.” Tony sighed, and looked directly into the camera, as if he was looking into Steve’s eyes. “I love you Steven G Rogers. And I never want you to forget that. Goodbye.”
The brunet couldn't take it anymore, and embarrassingly came, moaning out Steve's name as he came into the blond's hand, who came a few pumps of the hips later. He rode out the rest of his orgasm, before finally pulling out, and removing the condom, properly disposing of it in the waste bin. He rolled onto his back, staring up at the ceiling as he tried desperately to catch his breath. He could hear Tony beside him doing the same, and after a few minutes, their breathing finally evened out, and they were able to look one another in the eye.
"You seem like you're in a better mood lately, what happened?" Bruce asked, and Tony looked up from the latest project of his. "Nothing, just," He smiled, and looked back down at his project. "Me and Cap are friends again, I'm glad to be talking to him again." He muttered, and he could hear Bruce chuckle. "Is that all? When are you finally going to break it off with Pepper and just finally be with the man already? He's seriously the only thing that can make you smile like that anymore." The other man pointed out, and Tony shook his head sadly. "I don't think that's going to happen." Not with Christine still in the picture, or rather, with the pictures... "Look, if you think he's still upset at you, I think you're wrong. You two need to-" Bruce started, but Tony put up his hand to stop him.
"I'll explain everything in a second, but for now, I need to get something to eat." Fury answered, and he walked towards a hot dog vendor, leaving the five with confused looks on all their faces. One by one, they sighed and followed after him, Tony and Steve being the last two to walk away from the large helicopter. The brunette couldn't help but notice how fine Steve's butt looked in the jeans he was wearing.
"Come on Cap, let me go. I don't want your damn jacket." Tony tried to shrug the coat off, but Steve still held it in place. He began to laugh as Tony struggled, and the man smashed himself into the super soldier. Steve was expecting the attack, and caught him, wrapping his arms tight around the brunette. The two suddenly fell silent, their laughing ceased, and they looked into each other’s eyes.
Ashley pulled Steve close, nestling her head in his chest, listening to his heartbeat. Steve looked over her, and spotted Tony sitting at the bar, watching them dance. The blond felt his heart break, and shook his head quickly. "I'm sorry Ashley, I can't do this anymore." Steve removed Ashley's arms from around his neck, and avoided eye contact. "I can't keep leading you on like this. I'm sorry."
"Mmm, are you sure you don't want a bite Tony? It might make you feel better." Pepper offered the man a bite of her vanilla and chocolate desert, holding it out to him on her fork. Tony shook his head. "It's your cake, enjoy it." he told her, giving her a half smile. "So you want to tell me what you're really thinking about?" she asked, wiping her face with a napkin.
Steve began to back away, staring at the floor. He ran for the door, pushing past all the bodies. He needed to run; he needed to get away from it all. Tony turned around just in time to see Ashley on the verge of tears, and Steve's coat-tail disappearing out the door. "Oh no." Tony quickly got up, and began to run after the super soldier. "Steve? Steve!" He pushed past the bodies on the sidewalk, receiving yells and curses.
"I don't like to be handed things Cap, you should know that by now." Tony smirked as he walked towards the roof top door, leaving the super soldier standing alone. Steve looked out once more over New York, before walking slowly to meet up with Tony, pushing his memory back into the vault that was his mind.
"Alright, do you know how to lead?"
“All for show? Clint even noticed! What if anybody else had? What if someone catches on?” she hissed, fear rising within her. “No one’s going to catch on Natasha. Don’t you worry your pretty little head.” Tony teased, and Natasha looked as if she was about to murder him. “Here you two go. Two whiskeys on the rocks. And a vanilla vodka for my little lady.” Clint purred as he handed them their drinks. “Cheers, to a lovely night with friends.” Steve said, raising his glass. “Cheers!” the others said, and Steve and Tony downed their drinks in one gulp; Natasha hanging onto hers; she wasn't in the mood to drink at this point.
"Guys, Thor's here!" Bruce yelled as he ran into the pent house. None of them locked their doors, seeing it as useless. They all were always going from room to room, enjoying each other’s company. Everyone stopped what they were doing to look up at the excited Bruce. "Are you serious?" Clint asked. "Yeah! I saw the storm heading in on the sensor! He's really coming guys! We gotta celebrate!" the scientist exclaimed.
About a month had passed since Steve and Tony had begun their affair. They tried to hide it from the rest of the Avengers, besides Natasha of course. They knew they could trust her. But the others… They didn’t know how they would all handle it. Barton remained clueless, and Thor had left the night after. “Important business in Asgard,” was all he could tell them. Bruce was a little more difficult. With him and Tony always working in their lab, Steve found it hard to spend time with his new boyfriend. And as for Pepper, well, they were going to save her for last.
He thought sourly as he made his way down the hallway, hoping Pepper didn't murder Tony.
Everyone held their breath, waiting for Steve to begin yelling. He came back up, his face covered with cake, the red, white, and blue frosting in his hair, and on his clothes. He wiped the cake away from his eyes, and stuck a frosting covered finger in his mouth.
He stared down at their hands, wishing it were Tony’s instead of hers.
Steve sighed and looked up at the sky, trying to think of what to say. So many things were going through his mind at that time, and he was just was too jumbled to put them all into words. "I- I can't tell you exactly." He finally managed to say, once again hunching over and wiping away his tears.
"I thought something was up." he grumbled, going to the mini bar. "I don't get why everyone is so excited, it's not like it's not like we haven't seen him in years." Tony grabbed a bottle of brandy, and Steve quickly grabbed it, giving him a serious look. "You don't need a drink Stark." The brunette matched his facial expression, obviously not amused.
it long.” Thor taunted his tone serious but his expression full of good humor.
"I'm saying that every time we try to get together something gets in the way! We're not meant to be together!"
. He sighed, and decided a nice soak would do him some good. The soldier flipped on his radio, a simple stereo, and tuned into a 50's station. Buddy Holly sang "Early in the Morning." It was just right.
He reached a quarter ways through the bottle, and he wasn't feeling any better. He groaned, and lifted himself up. His better half finally won, and he decided to go see what was up with Steve. He quickly dressed, throwing on a long sleeve that Steve had gotten him, and some jeans. The tile of the hallway was cold beneath his feet as he walked towards the elevators. He hesitated for a moment, finger almost touching the down button. What if he doesn't want to talk to me? Tony felt his hand lower a bit. Maybe I should just leave him alone for now... He began to walk away, but the aching feeling in him told him that Steve was upset about something, and he might just want to talk about it. Tony turned around, pressing the call button, and going to Steve's floor.
Steve was the one to break the silence. "Did we just,"
"So what's wrong?" Tony asked, keeping his eyes straight ahead. Steve followed his gaze, watching the dark storm clouds roll over New York City. "Nothing, just, old memories." The blond muttered, picking at the concrete of the roof. He didn't want to bug Tony with his problems. He didn't want to make the other feel as if he was a weak man.
"Steve and Christine? Yes." Tony growled as he and Pepper left the restaurant. "What the hell is he doing with her? Doesn't he know how dangerous she is, what she did?" She shook her head in utter disgust. "I thought better of him than that." "So did I." Tony muttered, before he turned to face her. "Hey, let's not let it ruin our night. What do you say we go home and do some catching up?"
"Hey Tony? Mind if I ask you something?" Steve asked quietly, setting down his menu and looking at the man opposite him.
Steve grabbed the laptop from the nightstand, and turned it on. He popped the disk into the CD drive, and immediately Tony’s face appeared. He looked weak, there were dark circles under his eyes, and the arc reactor was dim through his black tank.
Christine smirked, and pulled a manila folder out of her purse. She placed it on the table and slid it to Steve. He looked at it, and opened it. Photos, quite a few of them, were contained in it. All of Tony and Steve, some where they were holding hands, others of them sneaking a quick kiss. "Have you been stalking us?" Steve questioned, flipping through the photos.
"Aren't you cold?" Tony's soft voice broke Steve's thoughts, and he looked up from where he sat on the bench to meet his dark eyes. "Not really." he lied. He was, he was only wearing a sweater and some jeans with boots. "Don't lie to your soldiers Captain, you should know better." Tony teased, sitting next to him as he brushed snowflakes out of his own hair. Steve's lips twitched at a smile, and he looked out over the park.
"Oh, I love this song! You want to dance?" Ashley said as she swayed slowly to the music. Best of My Love by the Eagles played over the speakers, and Steve nodded curtly. They made their way to the dance floor, and the soldier tried his best to dance just as Tony had showed him.
Pepper hit him hard across the face, a loud crack shattering the silence of the room. "Get out!" She yelled, eyes glaring at Steve, who didn't say anything as he rushed out of the room, glancing over as Tony rubbed his cheek, a red imprint already beginning to show.
Tony flew off; making sure Steve was positioned safely on his back. The blond laughed with joy, he had never seen so much of the city, and it was beautiful. Tony decided to show off, and moved Steve from his back to his front, so they were staring at each other. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony's neck, and the brunette spun them around, causing Steve to yell with fright, but grin with excitement. Tony laughed, and focused on where they were going.
The words were clear as day.
"Holy..." Tony gasped as he walked into the room, covered in white. The table clothes, the decorations, the people, it all looked as if they had entered some sort of wonderland. "Damn...They really went all out with it this year." Steve whispered, taking in the scenery. Natasha giggled; she was used to the entire decor, since she had been a member of S.H.I.E.L.D for so long. A slow song floated around in the background, tempting Steve to grab Tony's hand and bring him onto the dance floor. "I better go find Clint; he always loves to have a little too much fun at these parties. She gave the lovers a small wave, and headed into the crowd.
The blond swallowed hard, and sighed. "How much do you know?"
“Praise the universe!” Tony called out, and everyone laughed. “Alright, now who wants some ham, and who wants turkey?”
Toni gets put on a blind date.
The blond swallowed hard, and sighed. "How much do you know?"
They reached Stark towers, and Steve understood why. Tony placed him down, and the blond watched Tony strip himself of his suit, exposing his fit body to the cold. Steve got up slowly, and the brunette moved to steady him. They moved themselves to the bedroom, kissing passionately along the way, not wanting to waste another minute that they wouldn't be in each other's arms. When they reached the bedroom door, Steve kicked it in. Tony looked surprised, and the soldier smiled.
"Maybe it's cause you're blond." Bruce joked, causing Steve to laugh harder.
“You two go have fun, I’m going to try and talk to someone.” Bruce said, putting his drink down, and looking at the crowd. “Good luck buddy. See you back at the hotel.” Tony and Steve headed off in the opposite direction, Steve a few steps behind. They didn’t want to draw any unwanted attention. “Slow down a little would you?” Steve said through clenched teeth. He had finally caught up with each other at a secluded table, one that was out of sight. “Slow down? I thought I wasn’t going fast enough!” Tony replied, examining his drink. “You forget how long your legs are Cap.”
“Tony asked for me to give you these,” Pepper said quietly, handing Steve two discs, one marked “Steve” and the other “Peter”. Steve nodded, and thanked the woman. The last remaining guests said their goodbyes, gave their condolences, and shuffled out of the house. Steve handed Peter his disc once the last guest had left.
“Well, if everyone has had their fill, I think now would be a wonderful time to go into the living room and open gifts.” Jane suggested, eyeing Thor, who looked more pleased than ever. Everyone nodded in agreement, and moved themselves into the living room. “Who wants to go first?” Steve asked, kneeling down by the presents. “How about we do it by age? That’s how we always used to do it my house.” “That sounds fine to me. Looks like the big guy will be going last, you think you can wait that long?” Tony laughed, punching Thor playfully in the arm. “Let’s see if you
"I'd have to agree. So what do you say we do this again sometime, Mr. Stark?" Steve lifted one hand to hold it against the brunet's turning his face to kiss his palm.
He reached the brunette's jeans, but he was stopeed before he could unbutton them. "First, let's finish your cake, then you can unwrap your present." Tony teased, and pushed Steve off, forcing him to lie down so that the other man could now play. He crumbled the red crumbs between his fingers, letting them fall onto the soldier and watching them fall into the contours of his extremely toned body. He added a few trails of frosting for good measure before he began to lower his mouth to the man, kissing and sucking off the frosting and crumbs, listening to the soldier switch from giggles to moans every few seconds.
Pepper sipped at her drink and smiled. "Mmm! Blueberry schnapps!" Tony froze, and glanced down at the note.
"So you did see. I thought I recognized the car speeding off." Steve looked around, too embarrassed to meet Tony's eyes. He heard Tony chuckle, and place a heavy hand on his shoulder. "Listen, I'm happy for you two. I was just feeling lonely, and seeing you with her; it reminded me of what I was missing from Pepper." The man lied, trying to get Steve to look at him.
The clock chimed eight, and everyone gathered around the fireplace to watch old Christmas movies. They started off with A Christmas Carol, the oldest version Tony could get a hold of. He and Steve sat close on the couch, not close enough to raise suspicion, but still close enough to where they could whisper playful remarks without disturbing the others. “Thanks again Tony.” Steve muttered, the credits beginning to roll. “Anytime Cap.” Tony whispered back, taking his hand for a short second. They smiled, but quickly let go as Pepper shifted herself against Tony's side. Steve cast a longing look at his love, and tried to turn his attention back to the movie.
"A toast, to good friends!" Steve said raising his glass. Tony joined him, and sipped on the disgusting drink. He wasn't a wine person, and never will be. His face twisted into one of utter distaste, and he could hear the other man chuckle. "Tony, I have a bottle of Schnapps in my hotel room. Why don't I go get it?" Steve offered, jerking his thumb in the direction of the door. He knew Tony was just trying to be polite, but the soldier didn't like wine much either.
Tony didn’t respond. He simply looked up, and stared into Steve’s blue eyes. And in them, Steve found the answer.
The others followed, going their separate ways to get themselves prepared. "Captain," Fury's voice stopped Steve in the hall as he was on his way to get his suit. "Director," Steve replied as he turned to face the man. "Keep your personal affairs out of this mission; I need all of you back alive." His voice was serious, and Steve understood. He knew that Fury was referring to the ongoing fight between the men; he was still oblivious to what had recently happened. "Understood." The soldier said, and said goodbye to Fury as he went to get his suit on.
"I don't think I do Tony." Steve said, not meeting Tony's eyes. "Don't lie to me Steve, I can't take any more lies, you were the one who was supposed to never lie to me," Tony whispered, voice faltering.
"Get a hold of yourself Steve, you're being delusional." The man told himself. He laughed again.
"Well look at you two! Finally friends I see?" A deep voice boomed from behind them. They turned, and grinned. "Director Fury, you should know better to judge a scene from first sight." Tony's voice was light, and Steve smiled. Fury shook their hands with a firm grip, loosening his red tie. "You're right, but I've never been wrong now have I?" Fury joked, and the three laughed. Steve looked around nervously, trying to find a way to get away from the conversation while he could. He had nothing against Fury, he actually liked him, but the blond knew Fury had a way of finding things out, and he didn't know just how much he knew.
Steve smiled as he rolled off Tony, pulling him close, kissing him again as he pulled the sheets up around them, the brunette resting his head against the blond's chest, the arc reactor lighting the room with a dim light, and the soldier smiled to himself, before his eyes closed and he fell asleep.
“Are we talking about dinner or Tony?” Steve joked, and Natasha almost fell out of her chair laughing.
“Tony, maybe we need to end this.” Steve choked out, a lump rising in his throat.
Tony woke up the next morning extremely hungover, and extremely sore. He moved to turn over onto his back, but a pair of large arms held him in place. That was certainly unusual, who was the lucky man he had- oh shit. Tony sat up a bit, and had to bite his tongue to keep from screaming.
The rest of the dinner went by smoothly. Steve felt as if he was part of a really big family, and he was grateful that he could spend his first Christmas awake with all his friends. Thor told his amazing stories of his adventures on Asgard. Clint and Natasha danced around the subject of Budapest, never revealing any real facts. Steve was able to speak about a few war memories, ones that didn’t involve Peggy or Bucky; everyone hanging on his words. Pepper, Natasha, and Jane all got along relatively well, not too good but not too bad either. After dinner was a desert fit for Thor. Pop tarts and coffee. There was of course apple pies and fondue for the others, causing Steve to chuckle to himself.  He avoided the topic of Howard though, not wanting to upset Tony.
Okay, so smut happens in this chapter, and please excuse the fact that it may be bad. It's unsaveable I tried guys. There's better smut later *Spoiler alert*
"Oh don't play dumb with me! I know you too like each other!"
Steve shot his husband a look that said, You tell him, you tell our son about what you're going to do to this family. Tony tried to look at the boy, but he ended up looking at Peter’s feet instead. “Your father and I are getting a divorce.” He said. Peter dropped his bag. “You’re joking, this is some sick sort of joke.” He laughed in disbelief. “It’s not funny guys, joke’s up.”
"I'm sorry for insulting you the other day." Tony said quietly. "I'm sorry for snapping at you, I should be grateful, you saved my ass back there." Steve apologized awkwardly. "Well, it's in the past now," Tony said, a fake smile on his face.
. Bullet number four.
"Oh my God... I'm the worst person on the planet..." he muttered, and Clint let go, placing a hand on Tony's shoulder instead. "I said all those things to him, God he probably hates me right now!" He shrugged off Clint's hand, and stood. "I'll be in the lab." he muttered, taking the stairs, and letting his tears finally fall.
Tony rubbed the back of his neck, unsure of what to tell him. He didn't want to share Steve tonight. Tonight was
He finally made it to his destination, and looked up the hill. If he could just get a good aim, he could end this all.
"And just because you're small doesn't mean you're light!" Steve retorted, "I'm a freaking super soldier and I got tired!" "Really? Is that why you passed out in my bed? Or were you just hoping to get lucky?" The brunette asked, cocking an eyebrow and smirking. The blond laughed, almost falling out of his chair, had it not been for Tony quickly grabbing his hand, and preventing him from falling back. "Hey, you have to have a few drinks before you can start falling out of chairs."
get drunk, maybe it would save him from making this conversation any worse for himself. "Well, hey if you're ever looking for a movie partner, I'd be glad to go with you!" The girl smiled, and Steve just stared awkwardly. "Um, yeah. I'd like that." He managed to smile back, but he still wasn't sure about himself.
Tony bit his lip, an uncomfortable feeling coming over him. “Tony, relax. I’m not gonna squeal on you,” Bruce said, placing a firm hand on his friend’s shoulder. “I wouldn’t want to do that to you. You and-” he paused to wave a hand at the blond. “Steve here obviously makes you very happy. And who am I to get in the way?” Tony’s lips curled into a smile, and he hugged his friend. “Thanks Bruce.”
“Hello there.”
He turned his attention back to Christine. "Why do you want me? Of all people?" he questioned. "Good question. I guess because you were a challenge, something I haven’t tried yet." She narrowed her eyes and smiled "Someone who can hit Tony where it hurts."
"No thanks, we're going to head out. We'll meet you at HQ, Banner and Thor are coming along." Clint answered before Natasha could ask another question. Steve nodded, and grabbed the pot, pouring himself and Tony a cup. Clint smiled and began walking out the door, tugging lightly on Natasha's hand. She looked at him, and then back at Steve, her eyes full of curiosity, and assumptions.
The next night, Steve was enjoying a cream soda and watching some late night television after a workout. He saw in his peripheral vision that the blinds to Tony's window were open, giving him a great view into the other man's bedroom. The soldier craned his neck a bit, almost dropping his drink once he saw that Tony was naked. He turned his head back to the screen, blushing furiously. He had only seen the brunette from the waist up, but that was enough to start the cogs in his imagination to only begin to dream of what that little strip  led to.
"Boy? I'd like to think that I'm far from any 'boy'." The woman said, placing a hand on her hip, quirking an eyebrow and not bothering to suppress a smirk as she did. "You must be Toni Stark; I'm sorry that I'm late, but I had some matters to attend to. I'm Stephanie Rogers, and I'll be you're date tonight." The woman, Stephanie, made her way around and sat herself down, smiling the whole time. Toni wasn't amused.
This is gonna be a fight chapter, between Steve and Tony of course. It's necessary, It's the Avengers after all. And maybe it'll appeal to the more, "Actiony readers".... Ah well.
The clock chimed eight, and everyone gathered around the fireplace to watch old Christmas movies. They started off with A Christmas Carol, the oldest version Tony could get a hold of. He and Steve sat close on the couch, not close enough to raise suspicion, but still close enough to where they could whisper playful remarks without disturbing the others. “Thanks again Tony.” Steve muttered, the credits beginning to roll. “Anytime Cap.” Tony whispered back, taking his hand for a short second. They smiled, but quickly let go as Pepper shifted herself against Tony's side. Steve cast a longing look at his love, and tried to turn his attention back to the movie.
Steve stopped dead in his tracks, his own anger beginning to rise. "I'm trying to apologize here Stark." The blond said coldly, his expression setting to its usual state when he was in the presence of the other man. "I told you already, I don't need your pity, so why don't you just get out of my god damned lab!" Tony's rise in tone at the end of his sentence made it an order rather than a question. "Fine. I will. Bye Stark." Steve snapped, and turned on his heel as he skulked out of the room. But just before he left, he stopped, and looked over his shoulder. "You're right Stark, you're not your father. Howard would at least consider accepting an apology." And with that, he was gone. Tony watched him go, his breathing heavy and chest tight. "You know nothing about my father." he whispered, swallowing a hard lump in his throat. "You know nothing about me."
"Happy birthday Steve!" Natasha giggled, and hugged the large man before her. Steve rubbed his eyes, still confused from the flash. He looked around to see the Avengers gathered in his room, dressed in silly party hats. "What's going on?" he asked, his face serious but his voice happy.
"Steve? Are you okay? You seem... Distant." Steve looked up from his coffee to see Ashley staring quietly, obviously concerned. "Uh, yeah. I'm fine. I just... have a lot on my mind." He didn't meet her eyes, and instead looked at the cup in front of him. He hadn't been able to focus much on the movie. He had come back into it here and there, but he had been too focused on analyzing the night he and Tony had shared, the moment on the rooftop.
Steve spotted Bruce standing shyly in a corner, a drink in his hand, eyes locked on the ground. "I'll be back, Bruce is looking pretty lonely." he said as he began to back away. The other two nodded, and resumed their conversation. "Hey Banner." he muttered as he reached the shy man. "Hey Rogers. Enjoying yourself?" Bruce asked, perking up a bit. "I guess you could say that. I never really was one for winter." He gave a half smile, and the brunette returned it.
Steve pulled away, and looked at his lover. “What do you mean?” The blond asked, studying his face. “You know exactly what I mean. I can’t keep lying to Pepper. She… She deserves better than this.” Tony held his head in his hands, and sat back on the couch. Steve wrapped an arm around him, and Tony sighed heavily. “I love you Steve, I really do, but-“ “But you loved her first.” the soldier finished, feeling a sick feeling rise in his stomach. “I just don’t know what to do- I keep having nightmares, I feel so guilty.” Tony's voice broke, and a single tear tried to escape.
"Alright." he muttered. Tony smiled softly. "Great, we'll meet at Stark Towers to help you get ready." Tony said as he moved out of the way of the blond's bike. But Steve wasn't listening; he was gone before Tony could even finish his sentence; before he could say one more thing that could hurt him.
Their hands connected, and Tony turned sharply upwards back toward the roof top. He pulled Steve up close, holding him as they flew upwards. They landed with a soft thud at the top of the building, the snow cushioning their fall. Both lay there, staring up at the stars, breathless. Their adrenaline surged, and Steve thought his heart would explode from his chest.
. He checked his watch, biting his lip. It'd been a little more than an hour, maybe Steve wasn't coming, that would be easier. He could handle it, it would help to keep the feelings he still held buried. He looked down at his glass, pushing it away. He had been trying to give up on alcohol. It hasn't tasted as good lately.
He entered his room, grabbing a glass and his favorite bottle of scotch, pouring himself a glass and settling into the couch, flipping through channels, not paying attention to really what was on the screen. He tried to keep his mind off Steve, but he found it difficult. He wondered why he was so upset, and why he had snapped at Tony like that. He pushed it to the back of his mind, drowning his feelings with the scotch.
appreciates my decorating.” Pepper teased as she greeted the blond. “I never said I didn’t appreciate it!” Tony laughed, pulling her into a kiss. Steve fought back the jealous feeling rising in him.
“Yeah, I do.” he mumbled, and continued walking towards Natasha. She tried to hide the amused look on her face; even more so when Tony shot her the dirtiest look he could muster up. She looked at Steve, who gave her a soft smile, and shrugged his shoulders as if to say, W
"Pops?" he calls out, knocking on the door. "Come in Peter." Steve chokes out. The boy runs into the room, and jumps onto the bed. He crawls into his father's arms, and bawls like a baby. Steve cries with him, he was too broken to even try to be strong. "I want him back. He can't be gone. He just can't." Peter sobs, and Steve tries to stop him from shaking. "He's not gone Peter. He's here," Steve cries, his Christian faith taking over. "He's here." A cold feeling rushes over Steve, starting at his neck, and working its way down his arms. He tries to pretend it's Tony, Tony's hugging him, and holding them together. Trying to fix the broken pieces that he left shattered.
Steve rolled onto his back, pulling Tony on top of him, keeping the kiss before he finally broke it, causing the brunet to pout. "What are we now?" the blond asked, biting his lip slightly. The other man looked down at him, smiling and furrowing his brow.
"That your boyfriend over there?" Dianne, the owner of the bar asked. She was an Irish woman, and she nodded towards Steve as she poured the fifth round of drinks for Tony. The brunette opened his mouth to correct her, but then quickly shut it. "I saw you two over there, he's a good one." She said, smiling. "He makes you smile, I've only seen you a few times, but I can tell that when you laugh, it's real." Tony looked down at the counter and smiled. "Have fun tonight you two." She gave the man a wink as she handed him his drinks. "Thanks, we will." A fight broke out in the corner of the bar, and all eyes turned to see who it was between.
Steve texted him where he was.
"What? We're us, isn't that enough?"
Steve threw a few more punches at the bag, before giving it one final blow, still expecting it to fly off the machine. It stayed intact, and the blond smiled. Tony really put a lot of work into this thing. He sighed, grabbing his towel and wiping off the sweat that dripped over his face. His phone buzzed, and he smiled, hoping it was Tony calling to ask him to grab a bite or something else that would give them an excuse to see each other.
"I promise though, I won't tell anyone. I'm good with secrets."
Tony sensed the explosion from where he hid, in the place Steve left him. "No," he whispered, and flew up. He didn't care about the on coming onslaught, all he needed to do right now was get to Steve. The smoke rose up from the small ditch, and Tony did a scan for any life. He found none. "Steve! Steve, come in!" he yelled over the device that linked him to the soldier. No reply.
"Well, I'm ready when you are." the blond said as he patted down his suit, finally daring to look at Tony.
He looked around his lab, at all the objects he had created, all the things that bore his mark.
"Well, what's there to say? I'm a small town girl, and I grew up with a nice family. We had our days, but other than that, things were great..." Ashley began, and Steve tried to act interested. He wanted to look like a gentleman, but he couldn't stop looking at the back of a familiar man.
He wanted his old life back; he wanted to turn back time so that none of this had ever happened. He wanted to see his beloved Peggy, even just for a moment. But he couldn't. She was probably dead by now, as was Bucky. Steve knew he would have to move on, and let go of the past.
“Tony? Steve?” Natasha called out into the empty hall, looking for the two lovers. She adjusted her blue dress, the tight fabric constricting her. “Where the hell are you two? Everyone is waiting!” she called out, louder this time. “We’re coming, we’re coming.” Tony muttered, a fussy Steve following behind him. “Steve, stop touching my damn hair.” he growled, causing the blond to smile. “You want to look good don’t you?” He tried to fix a strand that hung in the man’s beautiful face, but Tony swatted him away.
He finally got out, and changed into some clean clothes. He tried not to think about the earlier events as he went back to Stark towers, starved. "Hey Steve, have a good work out?" Bruce asked, putting up a fake smile, he knew Tony hadn't told Steve, and knew that it probably wasn't the wisest choice to tell him now. "Fine." he muttered, and grabbed a plate of food before sitting down. "Everything okay?" The scientist asked, and the blond nodded softly. "Just hungry is all." He smiled softly. "Mhm, then eat. It's no wonder you keep snacks in your suit." Bruce laughed, and Steve laughed with him. "Well no one likes a snarky leader."
Tony looked at Natasha sternly, trying to cover up the fact that he was lying through his teeth.
"Hi Peter, I don't know if you're watching this or not, but I need to say it anyways. I didn't want to leave Steve, and I didn't to leave you. I only did what I thought was best. I thought that maybe if I let you go this way, you wouldn't have to worry about letting me go, watching as I slipped away. My arc reactor was failing. I was dying slowly, and by the time you watch this, I will have. I hope I look okay at my funeral. You know how I am about my looks." Tony looks away for a moment, coughing heavily. He looks back at the camera, again, smiling weakly. "I just want to say I'm sorry. I'm sorry for not being there for you. I'm sorry I won't be there to help you get ready for prom, or be there for graduation, or when you get your first car, your first apartment, when you get married."
Steve simply smiled, acting as if he cared. “Thank you, but you know; I’ve never been much of a dancer.” he said, flashing one of his heart melting smiles. “Oh don’t be so modest! You were amazing!” The woman giggled, twirling her hair. “I’m sorry; I never caught your name.”
Christine almost choked on her champagne. “Excuse me?”
Steve quickly spun Tony out, expecting to catch him off guard. He should have known better. Tony planted his feet firmly and pulled Steve towards him instead. Steve gasped and prepared to hit the floor, not expecting Tony to catch him. He pulled the super soldier back up, not missing a step. His eyes flashed with a playful look.
He asked himself as he turned on the shower.
An AU where Tony and Steve are neighbors, and Tony's got a little secret that Steve is dying to find out.
"What about me and Rog-"
"Steve, relax. We can use this time as a chance to give you some dancing lessons." Tony stood up and stretched, then turned to his friend. Steve stared awkwardly, and rubbed the back of his neck. "I don't know Tony, why don't I-" Tony placed his hand over Steve's mouth to silence him. "Steve, shut up." He took Steve's hand in his and pulled him towards the dance floor. Other couples danced close to the current slow song, and it was nearing its end.
The blond smiled against the kiss as he began to undo Tony's pants, sliding them down his legs, skin brushing against skin and a fire igniting with the simple touch. The brunette quickly did the same, kicking off his own pants as soon as they were far enough. Steve removed his pants the rest of the way, and Tony took the moment to lift himself up and pounce the blond, kissing him all over, running his tongue over the man's skin, tasting him, listening to him groan and moan as he traced his tongue along the man's contours, breathing quickening as he moved farther up him, biting on the pant leg of his boxers, dragging them down to reveal Steve's stiff cock, causing Tony's own boxers to begin to tent further.
“No, no Steve. I need you, but I need to tell her.”
"Well, actually I wanted to know if you would allow me to have this dance." Steve muttered, blushing. Tony was caught off guard. "W-What?"
“Oh, my, God.” Christine gasped, not believing what she had just seen.
Steve turned around to see a petite blond, wearing a low cut and extremely provocative red dress. Steve looked indifferently; he wasn’t into easy girls, or any girl at the moment. “My name is Christine,” She smiled, sticking her hand out towards him. He took it, and smiled. He may as well be polite. “I saw you on the dance floor, and I thought to myself, I just couldn’t let a man like that slip through my fingers.” Christine batted her eyes, touching Steve’s arm.
"Hey, let's get a cab back. You're exhausted, and I don't want to have to carry you back if you end up falling asleep." Steve considered, seeing Tony's pace slowing a bit. "Fine." muttered Tony. He was done, and just wanted to get sleep, and just dream of his good memories. Steve picked up his hand, and a cab slowed to a stop near them. He held the door open, letting Tony go first. The man grumbled a complaint under his breath, but climbed in regardless.
"Hi." the young waitress giggled, and Steve sat there dumb founded. She looked amazing in her slimming jeans and sparkly gold top, her hair pulled away from her face. "Say hi you dork." Tony mumbled as he elbowed the guy in the ribs. "Hello there." Steve said as smoothly as he could manage. "I think we've met before, I work at that cafe, you were drawing in your sketchbook?" she said, tucking a loose piece of hair behind her ear. "Oh, right! Right, um, my name's Steve." The man managed to choke out, He tugged nervously on his shirt collar, and he could hear Tony laugh behind him. It had been a while since the man had been out on the scene.
Steve looked around to see if anyone was there yet. He noticed Bruce quietly talking with Clint, and Fury sitting at the head of the table. Natasha wasn't around, and Thor was still on Asgard.
"I said get up, and fight me! You think you're so tough, let's see what you got!" a man taunted, giving Steve a small shove to the shoulder. The soldier stood, eyes burning. "Listen, I'm not going to fight you. I'm here with a friend of mine, and we just want to have a good time alright?" He growled, and the man smirked, obviously drunk. "Ooooooh, he just wants to have a good time!" The man said, loud enough for the whole bar to hear. "Well, what do you say we give these people a show? Make it a good time for everyone?" Steve took in a breath, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Look buddy, I don't want any trouble alright? Now why don't you just go sit back down, and we can just enjoy ourselves?" He offered, but the stupid drunk didn't know when to quit.
"Ah, it's okay Captain. You don't have to do any explaining." Toni said, smiling softly. "After all, I've read so much about you already."
Was that a sign that she wanted him to ask her out? Or was he just assuming things? "Y-yeah. I um, my friends are usually all so busy." The soldier looked down at the drink, suddenly wishing he
A loud banging caught Tony's attention, and he noticed the door vibrating with a force. He walked over and pulled it open to see a very angry Steve standing in his door, hair a mess, clothes that were carelessly thrown on, and eyes burning with anger. "Captain, to what do I owe this pleasure?" Tony teased. The blond said nothing, instead using his clenched hand to speak with Mr. Stark.
The brunette groaned, and headed back into his room to get dressed. Steve just stood there, trying to get the embarrassing blush off his face. He sighed, and figured it'd be best to go to his room and at least put on a shirt before they headed to the meeting. He looked back once more over his shoulder, but saw only a closed bedroom door. He bit his lip slightly, and headed back into his room.
To her surprise. the blonde began to laugh. Toni stared at the woman, believing her to have gone mad. She continued to laugh, so hard that tears began to come out of her eyes, and she had to wipe them away to avoid her makeup smudging.
Tony smiled. "You'd be right." he chuckled, kissing back. "I love you." He whispered, and nestled his head in the crook of Steve's neck. "I love you too." the soldier whispered back. They held each other for a moment, listening to the quiet sizzling of the bacon on the skillet, before the sound of a door slamming shut alerted them of someone's presence. Both men looked up, still wrapped in their embrace, to Pepper, who stood in the middle of the room, the look of betrayal obvious. Her lip quivered; she looked like she was going to cry. "Pepper-" Tony started, moving from Steve's grip to where she stood.
Bruce wondered, but shook his head. "Come on Barton, I need to get back to my lab. That was probably the most painful thing I had to do." He sighed as they began to head to the vehicles. "You're a good man Bruce." Clint said, patting the man on the back and laughing.
Tony smiled at his plate, loaded with chicken, red potatoes, and green beans. "Yeah, I'll be waiting here." Tony mumbled as he pushed his food around on his plate. Steve got up quickly and fast walked out the door, eager to continue the dinner. Tony sighed as soon as the blond walked out the door, putting his hands behind his head and staring at the ceiling.
“Alright, last one’s for you Cap.” Tony teased, giving Steve a playful wink. Steve rolled his eyes and smiled.  He picked up his gift, a small gift wrapped box. Everyone watched in silence, curious as to what it could be. Steve held his breath, and swallowed hard. A small compass, one he knew by heart, sat in the green tissue paper. He lifted it out slowly and carefully, feeling tears come to his eyes. He pressed on the little clasp, and there she was.
Tony became lost in his thoughts, simply staring at nothing. Steve looked up and chuckled. That man amazed, and annoyed him. Something in him stirred, something he hadn't felt since... He shook the thought of her from his mind. No reason to get upset about her now. He grabbed Tony's toast and put it on a plate, feeling nice. He sighed, and cast one last look at the man, before shaking his head in amusement and walking out to the balcony.
"We've already discussed it, we're not going to get back together, we both agreed." He sighed, not looking up at his friend. "It's too difficult to try and hide it from everyone."
Steve dodged blasts from the ray guns, watching as the men around him disintegrated into thin air. His heart pounded in his chest, and he tried to keep up with the dark figure. The figure was fast, and Steve was jumping bodies, there were so many... It turned a corner, and Steve saw he was in the train, and Bucky stood there, shield in hand. The gun he held wasn't working, and Steve was frozen in place. Bucky cried out Steve's name, and reached for his hand. The soldier dove for his friend, but he was too late. He watched his friend descend into the cold abyss, his cry over powering the loud noise of the train.
Tony looked at his watch and smiled.
"And that makes you think I need a woman?" Steve's voice rose in anger, and also, hurt. He didn't want a woman, he wanted someone to listen. A lump rose in his throat, one that made it hard to swallow down his hot coffee. "Rogers, come on. You need to put yourself out there! You can't stay a virgin forever!"
“Not fair Tony,” Steve teased, nuzzling his face in Tony’s blazer. “You know you love it.” Tony teased back, breathing in Steve’s sweet, masculine scent. “Want to go inside yet?” asked Steve, hoping the answer would be a no. “One more minute. I like this.” Tony whispered. It was nice, the fact that they could simply stand there and just enjoy each other’s presence. Tony didn’t feel judged, or like Steve wanted anything from him. All he wanted was for Tony to be with him, just to be there.
"What song is this?" he asked, closing his eyes in the moment. "Piano Man, by Billy Joel. It's a classic." Tony said quickly, noticing all eyes falling on them. "Tony, everyone is staring at us." muttered Steve, a blush crawling up his face. The brunette heard a group giggling, and turned his head in their direction.
"Um, I've only done it once, but I think I can do it."
could be heard over the din of plates and whir of blenders. Not many inhabited the small cafe. A few people on their laptops, and two couples.
"Bucky! Noooooo!" Steve roared, and suddenly he was back in his room. Steve looked around the dark room, and realized it was all a dream. "Bucky..." he whispered, and buried his head in his hands. Sobs rocked his whole body as he grieved over his lost friend. Tony bounded in through the bedroom door, followed by Bruce and Clint. "You okay Cap?" The man asked, looking disheveled as he ran over to Steve's bedside.
. And bullet number five.
Natasha gave him a quick slap across the face as Steve and Bruce got on the elevator. "Listen to me! You need to relax!" she said, voice demanding as Tony shut up. "Steve isn't alright today; today is Bucky's death day, and he's upset about it! That's why he didn't want to talk about it, and that's why he's been acting the way he has!" she explained, and Tony sank to his knees as her words set in.
The soldier's body tensed at the feeling of Tony's fingers within him, pumping them, and his breathing hitched. "Tony, please. Just
"No, you can't go out there alone." Tony said, his voice serious. He tried desperately to hide the absolute fear that lived within him that Steve could get hurt, but his hand was shaking. Steve looked back at him, placing his hand on Tony's "I'll be fine Stark," Steve replied, his face blank. Tony let his hand linger a moment longer, until he released the super soldier out onto the field. Steve's shield reflected bullets aimed at his upper body, but still some manage to attack his legs and rip apart his suit, causing him some minor pain. Tony tried to cover him as best as he can.
"I know all about you Captain, I read your file." The brunette bent over, reaching into her purse and pulling out a manila folder, passing it over. Inside Stephanie saw her records, all things that S.H.I.E.L.D had kept on her since long before she had begun to work there.
Steve checked his watch nervously, and Tony rolled his eyes. "Calm down Steve, she'll be here." The blond watched the door, and bit his lip. "I don't know Tony, what if she stood me up?" Steve had invited Ashley to the bar, and hoped that tonight would be the night; he would tell her how he felt. Or at least how he thought he felt.
Tony flipped off his radio, and turned down the fire. Pepper lay on the couch, and a Christmas song had lullaby-ed her to sleep. She had a business trip in the morning, and Tony and she had spent the whole night in each other's arms. It was perfect. He looked over and watched his angel breathing, her hair hanging in her face.
He pulled out his phone, dialing up the number. A young woman's voice answered, sexy and expecting. "Hello Tony, I suspect you got my message? Or were you just looking for another good time?" Christine asked, smirking. "Shut up bitch. I thought I should let you know that there isn't anything for you to know anymore. Whatever you saw is over now." Tony growled. "Ooh Tony, you should know better than to speak to a woman like that." she said, keeping her voice light. "And may I ask what you mean?"
Steve stood at the door, still dressed in uniform. "Hey, you ready to go for that little walk?" Tony nodded, and removed his robe. He was dressed in a fine suit, and Steve laughed. "Is that what you're wearing?" The brunette scowled. "I like my suits. Get off my back." He gently closed the door behind them, and placed the room key in his pocket.
Steve felt a hand grab his, and he looked up to see Ashley intertwining her fingers with his. He gave her an awkward smile, feigning embarrassment. The door to the cafe jingled open, and the soldier heard an all too familiar laugh. "Alright, I'll pay this time, but only because you actually got it to work." Tony chuckled as he and Bruce entered the cafe. Ashley was about to look over before he took her face in his hands, causing them both to blush.
"Can I speak to you in your office?" Steve asked through clenched teeth. He didn't give her time to answer before he grabbed her by the arm and lightly pulled her into the nearby office, no one even trying to stop him. He slammed the door behind them, and Christine's eyes were wide with fear. "What's this about?" she asked, thinking about where she had the mace placed in her drawer. "How could you tell Pepper? We had a deal!" The soldier practically screamed, losing his composure.
Tony grabbed a wrench and began to tighten the bolt when he heard the doors open. He looked over the object to see a young Bruce Banner entering the lab. He admired the large invention, a smile spreading over his face. "Wow Tony. It looks great!" The scientist walked around the object when he noticed a small emblem on the side. He tilted his head, and tried to get a closer look.
Tony walked into his large and comfortable room, with it's large circular couch in front of a fire place with a plasma screen hanging over it. He walked over to the surround sound stereo and paused. A smile crossed his face as he looked out at the view of the ocean, it was a truly gorgeous sight, he wished he could share it with someone. He turned down the stereo, which currently played
"You're playing a dangerous game here Captain." The woman snarled, crossing her arms and looking out the window. "I'm not playing anymore. I've already won." The soldier said, and parked the car in the parking lot of the theater. He got out to get the door for Christine. "We'll just see about that." Christine muttered to herself, and allowed Steve to get the door for her, putting on a fake smile as they linked arms and headed into the theater.
“I thought this would really be the best thing to give you.” Tony muttered, watching the super soldier’s reaction. Steve looked up, a mix of pain and gratefulness showing on his face. “How’d you even find this?” Steve asked, running his thumb over the needle kept protected by glass. “It wasn’t easy, took some pretty deep looking, but, I have my ways.” Tony smiled, his eyes twinkling. “Thank you Tony. It’s really the best gift I could ever receive.” Steve said, closing the compass. He placed it in his pants pockets, and everyone went around hugging each other merry Christmas.
Tony thought angrily as he stalked down the hallway, flowers still in hand.
Tony got up. He needed to find Steve, and explain everything. "JARVIS, can you get me a reading on where Cap is?" The man asked as he began to walk towards the elevator. "I'm afraid not sir." The AI said. "Guess I'm going on a wild goose chase then." the brunette muttered under his breath, and clicked the lobby button. "I'll find him."
"Steve!" He cried out, and flew back for the man. "Get out of here Stark!" Steve yelled as he desperately tried to free his leg.
“Mm, smells just like mom’s.” Steve announced, walking into the dining room with a grin on his face. Tony sat at the head of the table, Pepper on his left, then Natasha, then Clint. Jane sat across from him, and Thor of course sat next to her. Bruce was seated next to the large God, and an empty seat by Tony was obviously Steve’s. He smiled, and headed to his seat. “I hope you’re hungry, I made a lot of food for all of us.” Pepper told him, looking in Thor’s direction.
He swallowed a hard lump in his throat; he just had to think of him didn't he? Steve moved slowly towards the door, and when he saw everyone was pre-occupied, he sneaked out of the room, heading up to the rooftop.
Tony's eyes practically bulged out of his head at the accusation. "What? You think Rogers and I
Steve took the condom, stretching it over his engorged erection, and with some help from Tony, pressing himself into the other. The brunet groaned with passion, and allowed himself to be returned to all fours, allowing Steve to get a better angle, and to better bury himself into the other man, wanting to just fuck him.
"We need you to come in Stark, Romanoff is currently going off duty, and we'll need all the help we can get on this job." Fury's voice was stern, he obviously wasn't going to take no for an answer. He was finally calling all the Avengers in, and revealing his big plan that he had been hiding for so long. "You couldn't have worst timing Fury." Tony sighed, rubbing his eyes. "If you haven't heard already, Rogers and I aren't exactly on the best of terms right now." "I don't care about your little social problems Stark. You have a job to do, get your ass down here and do it." Fury demanded, and hung up.
"Steve, what's up with you today?" Ashley's voice broke Steve's concentration, and he remembered where he was. The couple was seated in the restaurant, a plate of pasta before Steve. He hadn’t touched it; he wasn't hungry. The girl bit her lip, worried. She looked up at him, and saw him smiling. She sighed, and took his hand in hers.
Steve gave him a nod of approval. "I trust you." "Steve! There you are!" Tony's voice entered the happy moment, and the two men looked to see him with a Brandy in his hand, and an overly happy look on his face. "Hey Brucie. You having fun?" Bruce rolled his eyes, and smiled. The man never ceased to amuse him. "Yeah, your boyfriend and I were just talking." Tony's smile fell from his face, and he opened his mouth to defend himself. "He knows Tony." Steve cut the man off before he could make a fool out of them. "What?" Tony looked at them astonished, and Bruce shrugged. "Lucky guess."
felt.
Hulk finally appeared from the lab, signaling that it was time to go. "Barton clear out!" Steve ordered, looking for the nearest exit. "Don't have to tell me twice. Meet you on the other side guys!" He dove over the wall, getting as much space between him and the building as possible. "Hulk, you too, let's go Tony!" The solider directed them to an exit, but just as they were about to be home free, a snare found Steve's leg, pulling him back into the compound. Tony noticed the Captain's disappearance, and saw him being dragged back.
“Ah, I’m off to dance, anyone want to join?” Tony asked, wiggling his eyebrows in Steve’s direction. “You go ahead. I need a bit of a break.” Steve said, waving his hand. Clint grabbed Natasha’s hand, and asked her for a dance. She nodded, placing her shot down, and the three headed for the dance floor.
He began to sing, and a hush fell over the audience as his voice filled their ears, and they fell in love with the magic. His eyes searched the crowd, and down in front, his eyes landed on an amazing smile. His eyes followed the contours of the face to land on the most beautiful blue eyes he had ever seen. The nerves fluttered back to his stomach as he realized who he was staring at, and a smile stretched across his face.
His intense concentration was broken by the bathroom door slamming, leaving the soldier alone with his thoughts. Tony's retching caused Steve's blush to retreat, and he turned back to the coffee maker.
"I thought we were already playing? Really, Miss Rogers, you should try to keep up on the times."
The rest of the dinner went by smoothly. Steve felt as if he was part of a really big family, and he was grateful that he could spend his first Christmas awake with all his friends. Thor told his amazing stories of his adventures on Asgard. Clint and Natasha danced around the subject of Budapest, never revealing any real facts. Steve was able to speak about a few war memories, ones that didn’t involve Peggy or Bucky; everyone hanging on his words. Pepper, Natasha, and Jane all got along relatively well, not too good but not too bad either. After dinner was a desert fit for Thor. Pop tarts and coffee. There was of course apple pies and fondue for the others, causing Steve to chuckle to himself.  He avoided the topic of Howard though, not wanting to upset Tony.
“Damn guys! That was awesome!” Clint exclaimed as the two reached him and Natasha. They nodded thanks, still trying to catch their breath. “Let me buy you two a drink, on the house.” Clint offered, and headed in the direction of the bar. When he was out of ear shot, Natasha shoved both of the men hard. “Are you nuts? What the hell was that?” she growled, lowering her voice.  “Oh come on Natasha, it was a simple dance. It was all for show.” Steve said, shrugging as if it was no big deal.
"And what makes you think I still want to sit here? You're over an hour late, Miss Rogers, and quite frankly, I have better things to do than sit here and be stood up." Toni remarked, standing up and smoothing out her dress. She didn't look back as she began to walk out, but a hand on her arm did force her to stop.
Bruce looked at him a bit stunned. "What exactly happened?" he asked, looking up at the blond with concern. "Let's just say I got to know Tony a little better, and I now know there's a reason we don't get along. Have a good night Bruce." Steve smiled politely, forcing it, and Bruce could tell. But he let it go. "Night Steve," he muttered, and watched the man go to the elevators, no doubt on his way to his room for another sleepless night.
He watched from the corner of his eye as Tony sat farther down at the table, next to Clint. They muttered something quickly to each other, before Fury cleared his throat and everyone turned their attention to him. "Thank you all for coming in today, I know I've been keeping you waiting, but we finally have the information we need." Fury leaned on the table, looking over the men.
"Cream soda? You sure about that one?" The brunette asked.
"Was this all part of your plan to get out of this date?" Stephanie asked, passing back the folder and grinning. "Because if it is, you're going to have to try a lot harder than that. So tell me, Miss Stark," the blonde leaned over the table, placing her chin in her hands. "How much do you know about little old me?"
“Don’t break him Thor.” Jane laughed, patting the seat next to her. Thor joined her eagerly, causing her to bounce with the force. “So you’re Jane, it’s nice to finally meet you.” Steve greeted and offered her a hand. She took it with a smile. “Alright! All the guests are here, so why don’t we head into the dining room and enjoy ourselves a nice Christmas dinner?” Pepper suggested, Tony hanging on her waist. Steve swallowed hard, that jealous feeling rising in him once again. “Hell yeah! I’m starving!” Clint cheered as he headed into the dining room, Bruce and Natasha following after.  “I’ll be there in a sec. You all go ahead.” Steve mumbled, jerking his thumb in the direction of the bathroom. Everyone else nodded; Thor and Jane got up from the couch and followed the other couple into the dining room.
He got up from his comfortable position and walked out into the hall way. The corridor was empty, but the sound was much quieter. He banged on Tony's door, hoping he'd get the message. The brunette opened the door, his wet hair combed back. He was dressed in one of his fine silk robes, the front open. "Geeze Stark! Don't you have any decency?" Steve scrunched his face in disgust and put his hand up.
Tony walked to the door, watching as Natasha got onto an elevator, tears in her eyes. He picked up the envelope, labeled in cursive, Mr. Anthony Stark. He tore it open, and balled his hands into a fist. Steve's key was inside the envelope. He was gone for good. "Good." Tony whispered, anger rising within him. He walked out the door, slamming it shut behind him.
Steve sighed as he poured himself a cup of coffee. He wasn't planning on sleeping tonight anyways. His mind has been restless lately, thinking of all the things he's missed, being frozen for seventy years. He laughed at a joke he had heard,
Tony looked back as he heard the door jingle and his heart sank as he saw Steve with that woman, holding hands, and obviously in a rush to get somewhere. An angry blush raged his face, and he turned away, breaking out a flask he keeps hidden in his jacket. Bruce noticed out of the corner of his eye, but brushed it off. He figured Tony just couldn't wait for a drink. He hadn't noticed the couple rushing out the door.
Steve turned to Tony, the smug bastard giving him a smirk. "You know, you really shouldn't drink as much as you do. It's not good for your health." The soldier grumbled as he turned away and began to clean up the mess. Tony snorted. "It's my life, and I honestly don't think you can run around trying to tell me what to do." he growled, but screwed the cap back on the bottle. "I always thought you wanted to be different from your father?" Steve snapped, not turning around. Tony blinked, and his mouth hung open. He didn't know what to say, he was too stunned to really say anything... He didn't know Steve was capable of saying something as cruel as that.
Immediately, Steve stood, and turned the man around, giving him a swift punch to the jaw, and sending him into one of the tables. The man's friend tried to jump the soldier, but Dianne quickly stepped in and clocked him. "Both of you out now!" she yelled, pulling the drunken man off the floor and giving him and his friend a shove towards the door. Steve ran to Tony's side, looking him over, patting the side of his face as he tried to wake his friend. "Tony! You alright?" He asked, trying to get the brunette to open his eyes. "I'm fine damn it." Tony growled, rubbing the back of his head.
Steve pulled away from the hug for a short second, to place a short peck on Tony’s lips. “I think everyone is probably wondering where we are, don’t you?” he mumbled, locking eyes with his lover. “Yeah… But I don’t want to go in yet.” Tony playfully pouted, nuzzling Steve’s chest. “Come on boy.” Steve joked, pulling away from the hug and taking Tony’s hand. The two released their hands before walking back into the building.
"Steve? You hear me?" Tony's voice broke through Steve's thoughts. "Sorry, what?" he asked, swallowing a bite of his steak, and looking up at the brunette. "I said do you want to go out for a few later?" The man repeated, and Steve looked at him confused. "A few what?" Tony rolled his eyes and chuckled. "A few drinks dumb-ass. God, you really are blond aren't you?" he teased, causing the blond to scowl. "A few can mean anything Stark." He growled, a heat passing over his cheeks, and he knew he was blushing.
"Well, not really, but I think I could learn, if you're willing to show me." The blond says, smirking. Tony laughs breathlessly, before pulling the older man towards the dance floor. And as if some sort of silent understanding was reached, the bodies seperate to allow in the new partners, and Steve almost chokes a bit on the sudden humidity change.
So really, they were just waiting on Stark. They hadn't talked since yesterday, but already it seemed like years since they had been apart. Steve slept in an empty bed alone, darkness looming that Tony used to keep away. He pushed the thought out of his mind, rubbing his eyes. He was exhausted; maybe a quick nap would do him some good. Besides, knowing Tony, he'll be fashionably late.
Steve smiled, looking down at their hands. "I promise." Tony took in a shaky breath, and let go of the blond's hand, before taking a step back and looking up at him, a broken smile on his face. "Take your room key, I want to make sure you know you're always welcomed back." He said, biting his lip. "Thank you, Mr. Stark." The soldier said, holding out his hand. "Anytime Captain. I hope you find what you're looking for out there." The brunette said, shaking the other man's hand.
He followed a trail down to Steve's boxers, and smirked at the tent. "May I?" he asked sweetly as he began to slide off the man's boxers, and revealing his half-hard cock. He licked his lips, and lowered his mouth to the muscle, licking off first the salty precum that had gathered at the tip, the taste clashing with the previously sweet frosting. He lowered his mouth the rest of the way, tightening his lips on the man's cock as he began to move back up and down it, listening to the blond moan with pleasure, and feeling him wrap his fingers in the man's dark hair as he twisted his tongue around it, feeling it grow harder in his mouth.
"So what are you saying? You want to leave us? You want to just disappear and never come back? Haven't you done that already?" Tony clamped a hand over his mouth after he realized what he said.  His eyes got big, and he opened his mouth to apologize, but Steve's fist beat him to it. It was a quick punch to the jaw, enough to cause the smaller man to fly into the wall, hurt turning into frustration and anger. Steve stayed where he was, blinking back his own tears. He couldn't believe Tony would really say that to him, even if he wasn't aware of what today was, that was completely uncalled for. Tony wiped blood out of the corner of his mouth.
He knew how much Steve hated people seeing him cry, seeing how weak he was on the inside. He was Captain America, super soldier, the first avenger. He was supposed to be invincible, and the thought of someone seeing him cry really scared him. It was a male pride thing. So they simply sat there, Steve holding back tears, and Tony holding him, not saying a word.
Steve sighed, looking over once more at the gift. "Tony, you really shouldn't have." He ran a hand through his hair, just in complete shock that Tony would do this for him. The man waved his hand dismissively. "Consider it a really late birthday present."
"Oh what now you're telling me how I feel too? God Stark, you just got to control everything in our lives don't you?" Steve snarled, getting pissed. "Do you ever think about what anybody else wants?" "I'm sorry, were you not listening to me? I already told you, I thought of you when I went scrounging through that scrap heap to find you that damn photograph!" Tony yelled, anger swelling inside of him. "I do nothing but think of you! You changed me Steve, for the better!"
"It's Pepper." Tony mumbled, biting his lip. He didn't really want to talk to her right now; he was having such a good time with Steve. He sighed, and ignored the call. Steve gave him a shocked look, but on the inside, his heart raced.
"That Fury?" Pepper muttered, turning over to look at her lover. "Yeah, needs me to come in." Tony sighed, and began to get dressed. "Romanoff is apparently going off duty for a bit, can't imagine why." "Maybe I'll stop by and see her." Pepper yawned. Tony kissed her forehead, smiling. "Have fun with that." He finished dressing, and headed out, not bothering to eat breakfast. He lost his appetite at the thought of seeing Steve. He tried to push the thought out of his mind, but it refused to be ignored. Steve was never going to truly be out of his life, there was always going to be a sense of danger of their secret slipping out.
There laid Steve, sleeping soundly with the other man wrapped in his arms. Oh shit this was bad. Tony tried to slip out, but the arms only tightened, and Tony could barely move.
Tony shot him a dirty look, and ignored his comment. "Jeez, where the hell are they all?" He was tired, and he simply wanted to go home and hole himself up in his lab.
. "I do too." The two men let go, and Tony walked out, going to his now empty apartment.
"Drinking isn't going to make it go away." Natasha said as she slid into the seat beside Tony. He simply stared ahead at all the bottles, wanting to ignore her presence. "Ignore me all you want. It's the truth. You're going to have to deal with the fact of Steve liking someone else." The woman sighed, sipping on her martini. Tony swallowed hard, trying to lose himself in the music, which didn't exactly make things better.
Inspired by the video in which RDJ sings I'll be watching you in that beautiful voice of his, and dedicated to my old tumblr friend Miguel.
"And you think this was mine? I'm not exactly crazy about the whole idea of going on a date with a complete stranger either, but hey, we're both here aren't we? So, why don't we both just sit down, have a drink or two, and enjoy ourselves. I mean, no reason for you to waste such a beautiful dress." Stephanie stepped forward, and Toni turned around, glaring playfully.
"So what are you thinking of getting?" Tony asked, staring daggers at his menu. Pepper pursed her lips in thought. "I don't know, what do you-" Pepper looked up, to see Tony was gone. She looked around confused, wondering where he could've run off to. She sighed and drank more of the schnapps, listening to the smooth jazz that played from the live band.
"Uh, Steve?" Steve turned around quickly and saw a young Ashley before him. She wore a cashmere sweater, and a pair of jeans that complimented her petite figure. He smiled, and hugged her hello. "Hi Ash, how're you?" he mumbled as he tried not to crush her. This was going to be their first date; Steve was glad she hadn't cancelled after what had happened at the bar. "I'm fine thanks. Are you ready to see the movie?" she asked, her smile growing wider as she stared into his beautiful blue eyes. Ashley had had a few boyfriends, but none of them had lasted long. And after she officially met Steve, she hoped they would be able to be more than just a small fling.
“Eat your doughnut big guy.” she joked as she sat next to him. Clint smiled, and did as he was told. Steve looked at the couple with jealousy, a distant memory forcing its way into his current thoughts. He sipped his luke-warm coffee and grimaced. “Nothing worse than cold coffee. I’m going to get another cup, anyone want anything while I’m up?” he asked as he dumped his cup in a planter.
He clicked the button, and the camera shut off. "Hope I can finally make you proud dad." His finger began to squeeze down on the trigger, but a loud crashing that sounded like a door being broken door stopped him. "Tony?" Steve's voice was concerned, he was searching for him. Do it now. Do it before he can try to stop you. Tony's hand began to shake, and he he dropped the gun. Shit. Steve's footsteps became louder as he approached the door where Tony was holed away. He scrambled for the gun, but he was shaking so bad his hands fumbled. Steve bashed the door in, and tackled Tony. "No, get away from me! Let me die!" he screamed, and Steve held him down. "Tony! Tony look at me!" Steve tried to stay calm, but the thought of Tony actually doing it made him just as scared. Tony looked up, eyes full of tears. "I'm here Tony." Steve said, his voice soothing. Tears began to stream down Tony's face, and his body began to shake. Not with fear, but with sobs, with gratitude.
“I don’t know if I can keep doing this Steve.” Tony whispered between passionate kisses. The two lovers had joined in Steve’s hotel room, considering it to be the safest place. Bruce was just about always in the lab, and Clint liked to surprise Tony with his little assassin tactics. No one really visited Steve, thinking that he was at the gym with his new toy.
Steve pulled away, and looked at his lover. “What do you mean?” The blond asked, studying his face. “You know exactly what I mean. I can’t keep lying to Pepper. She… She deserves better than this.” Tony held his head in his hands, and sat back on the couch. Steve wrapped an arm around him, and Tony sighed heavily. “I love you Steve, I really do, but-“ “But you loved her first.” the soldier finished, feeling a sick feeling rise in his stomach. “I just don’t know what to do- I keep having nightmares, I feel so guilty.” Tony's voice broke, and a single tear tried to escape.
"Kiss me." Tony demanded. "Kiss me, and I'll know you're real." He felt a tear work it's way down his cheek, but a swift hand came up and wiped it away, before moving itself down to Tony's chin, and tilt his face upwards. He took in a breath before Steve's warm, soft lips pressed against his own. The super solider wrapped an arm around the smaller man's waist, placing the other in between his shoulder blades, deepening the kiss. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's neck, tears working their way out of his eyes. "It is you, oh God it really is you." Tony gasped, pulling away from the kiss and pressing their foreheads together. "I can't believe it's you, I can't believe it's you Steve-"
“Hey Steve! Glad to see you made it okay!” Clint said, greeting him with a smile. “Everyone is around the tree; I’ll show you where to put your presents.” Steve nodded, and walked quickly with the smaller man to the living room. “Woah…” he gasped, and stopped short upon entering the living room. The tree was huge, and decorated with ornaments of all kinds; old ones, new ones, ones that lit up and ones that sparkled.  A small train wrapped around the bottom of the tree, and Steve smiled. It was like the one he used to have when he was a kid.
Tony bit his lip, an uncomfortable feeling coming over him. “Tony, relax. I’m not gonna squeal on you,” Bruce said, placing a firm hand on his friend’s shoulder. “I wouldn’t want to do that to you. You and-” he paused to wave a hand at the blond. “Steve here obviously makes you very happy. And who am I to get in the way?” Tony’s lips curled into a smile, and he hugged his friend. “Thanks Bruce.”
"You never let anyone help you! Even when you know you need it the most, you just keep it to yourself!" "Listen to yourself for once! This isn't about me. You just described yourself." Steve muttered quietly. The two stared each other down for a moment, before the sound of doors opening broke their concentration.
"I don't know how else to say it, so I guess I'll just come right out with it." Tony's voice was calm, too calm. Steve couldn't see his eyes, he couldn't see how his husband was truly feeling. "I want a divorce."
"You guys go ahead. I need to keep an eye on this guy." Steve told the gang, cocking his head towards the brunette. Tony stole the bottle right out of the blond's hand, and took a swig. "Don't have to tell me twice!" Bruce practically skipped out of the room, and Natasha took Clint's hand as they followed after him.
"Well, what do you think?" Tony looked up to see a very handsome Steve Rogers in a navy blue suit, which complimented his cerulean blue eyes. Tony tried to keep his jaw shut, not wanting to embarrass himself. Steve's hair was swept back, his hair looking perfect as always. Tony felt a bit, how do you say, under-dressed, compared to the other man. Tony wore a simple black suit, and a red tie. It was Pepper's favorite tie on him.
The bath had filled, and Steve stripped of his sweats and blue sweat shirt. He slipped in and sighed with relief. Yeah, this was exactly what he needed.
The audience cheered, and Steve and Tony looked up, panting for breath. They looked at each other, and began to laugh. Steve pulled Tony up, and the two took a bow. Clint and Natasha waved them over, and they made their way towards them. “Where did you learn to dance like that Cap?” Tony panted, still a bit exasperated from the display.
Steve walked over to the table, bottle in hand. "Figured it was a bit too bright in here." He smiled, and the light from the streets below gave his smile a white glow. Tony's stomach tightened, and he got up to grab the two wine glasses. "Here, let me dump these out." He picked up the glasses, his hand brushing against Steve's.
"What?" Steve choked out, his heart shattering in his chest. "I'm sorry, it's just, I can't do this anymore. I just, I don't love you anymore." Tony admitted, still not looking at Steve. "How can you just do this? How can you just tear this family apart as if it was nothing? How can you be so selfish?" Steve scoffed, glaring at his husband. "Have you even thought about what this is going to do to Peter?"
"Jokes Stark? Really? Is that the kind of game you want to play?"
The blond rubbed his eyes and noticed the candle, hot wax dripping down to land on the white frosting. "Make a wish and blow out your candle." Tony whispered, and the other man thought for a moment before blowing out the small flame. The brunette took the candle out and set it on the beside table, before dipping a finger into the cake and holding it to Steve's lips. The blond gladly took the finger into his mouth, licking off the frosting and tasting the flavors. "Mmm, red velvet with cream cheese frosting. My favorite," he smiled.
He heard Ashley laugh, and knew she took it as a joke. “Enough about me. Tell me a bit about yourself.” Steve wanted to get the attention off himself, as he was afraid of something slipping out.
Steve clenched his teeth, his thoughts running wild, he couldn't think straight. He loved the surprise that Tony ensued, he never knew, -
"Fine, he wants to be alone? I'll leave him alone." Tony growled as he headed back up to his room. He hopped onto the elevator, where Clint and Natasha were having a small argument. "It's not time to tell them!" she whispered quickly, not noticing the doors had opened. "They're going to find out sooner or-" Clint stopped mid-sentence as Tony hopped onto the car. "Hey Stark, what's up?" he asked, pulling Natasha close.
"I'm glad you could all make it today!" Fury's voice boomed over the din of the bar, and everyone cheered with excitement. It was unlike him to hold a party like this, and everyone was glad to see him so relaxed. Steve and Tony turned in their bar stools to see the director with a drink in his hand, and a smile on his face. "I wanted to thank you all, for your work to S.H.I.E.L.D, and," he paused, taking a moment to look at each of the Avengers. "For your work protecting this country. To you all, I owe my life. Cheers!" Everyone joined him in the toast, and then returned to their normal conversations.
"Yeah." Tony answered, trying to wrap his head around it himself.
“Good morning ladies!” Bruce said as he entered the penthouse, a wide smile on his face, his clothes hanging loosely on his skinny frame. “You’re in a good mood, you get laid last night?” Tony joked. “Better. I just got invited to attend one of the most prestigious science conventions in New York City!" The scientist cheered, his smile growing wider with each word. "How is that better than getting laid?" The brunette asked, seemingly uninterested. "Shut up Tony." snapped Steve. He looked at Bruce and matched his enthusiasm. "That's great Bruce! I'm really happy for you! When is it?" He patted the man on the back, who stumbled from the sudden force of Steve's hand. He straightened himself quickly, trying to cover up his meek stature.
. Steve closed his eyes, and placed a hand on the side of the casket, his knees suddenly feeling weak. Peter appeared behind him, in the same shape as his father. Anger was the only emotion he seemed to show. “Why would he do it?” he whispered, taking Steve’s hand and squeezing it tightly. “Why would he lie to us like that?” his voice shook, whether out of anger or hurt, Steve couldn’t tell. Maybe it was both. Steve simply shook his head, and released his grip on the casket. “Come on, they’re starting soon.”
Trigger warning: Attempted Suicide
He looked over, and tried to raise his shield to the blast of the grenade.
Steve laughed, continuing to dance. He wrapped his arms around Tony's waist, forgetting everything and everyone around them. He was with the man he loved, and no one was going to ruin his good time. Tony listened to his sweet laugh, that laugh he never thought he would hear again.
Steve let out a sigh of relief. "You had me scared for a minute." He chuckled, helping Tony up. "I asked for us not to have a repeat of last time, and look what you do." The brunette scowled as he wobbled on his feet. "This is different from last time!" he defended. "I'm not as drunk, and that asshole pushed me down." "But you still hit your head, now why don't I get you home? It's getting late anyways." The blond offered, and began to help Tony out the door. "Thank you, by the way." Steve said as he passed Dianne on the way out. She gave a small wave of her hand. "No problem. Stay safe." She called after them as they left, and caught a cab.
. Thought Steve, a smile spreading across his handsome face. Clint looked in disdain at Tony, a pitiful look in his eyes. "No, n-no more." the assassin mumbled. Bruce took one last gulp of his iced tea, and placed a five on the table. "I think it's time to get him home. You guys wanna catch a cab or should I come back for you two?" Tony dismissed him with a wave of his hand.
. He looked down at the dozen red roses in his hand, he was going to tell Steve everything, let him know how much he loved him, how he couldn't live without him. He needed Steve, more than he needed anyone else. He wanted to tell everyone that he, Anthony Edward Stark, was desperately in love with Steven Grant Rogers, and he wasn't going to give up. He collapsed against the wall, throwing the roses against the opposite wall, his face wet with tears. It hit him, that Steve didn't need Tony; he was fine with Christine, happy. And isn't that what he always wanted for him? He wanted Steve to be happy, to have a good life. He couldn't get in the way of that. He would just have to let go, no matter how much it hurt.
Steve pushed himself off of Tony, and quickly laid him back on his shoulder. The brunette remained on Steve's shoulder, his head comfortable in the crevice of his neck. The blond moved over to the door and placed the key in. The door opened, and they slowly made their way to the bedroom.
Steve looked up to see a curious Tony peeking over his coffee mug, extending his neck to get a better view. The blond quickly shut the journal, and placed it in his inner jacket pocket. "It's nothing." he muttered, and stared out the window at the lightly falling snow. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the brunette giving him a scowl.
He crumpled the paper in his lap and tried to focus on ordering his food.
Steve broke the kiss to see Tony in front of him. Something was hidden behind his back, but the soldier couldn't tell what. "What is it Stark?" he asked, a cold chill to his words. The brunette's look of hurt quickly changed to one of annoyance. "I came to apologize, but now, you can just forget it." he spat angrily, storming off. Steve let out a breath, and removed Christine's hands from around his neck. "Listen, why don't you just, go back to your place? I'll meet you there, and we can have dinner." he said, and Christine nodded. "Sure, I'll meet you at my place." She was obviously annoyed that her and Steve's little moment had been broken up, but she left all the same. Steve pressed back the urge to go and chase after Tony.
The sound of the toaster popping broke the awkward feeling, and Bruce went to spread the news to the others. Steve simply stared at the coffee maker, watching the hot black liquid drip into the pot below. "So, why don't you wanna go Tony? I thought you were into all that science stuff?" Steve asked, his blue eyes still locked on the coffee maker.
"Then what makes Steve so different?"
"Alright, my turn." Tony whispered, switching positions so he now had control over Steve. He looked partly shocked, but allowed it to happen. Tony pushed Steve back a bit, giving him some space so that he could spin into Steve's arms. Steve gracefully caught him, and lifted him back up. They danced close once again, and their legs brushing together slightly aroused them both.
“You’re right. But I think you know it already, Mrs. Everhart.” Steve said nonchalantly.
This was it. This was her chance. No one was going to believe it. She pulled out her iPhone, but stopped. “No, I have to get more proof. Maybe I can use this to my advantage.” She sneered, and headed inside.
Steve pulled away from the kiss, and mumbled goodbye. Ashley said her goodbye, feeling as if she was walking on air. She closed the door behind her and fell to the floor in pure bliss. The soldier bounded off, wondering if he could hail a cab. He recognized Tony's car speeding off, and his gut wrenched. He had hoped that he hadn't seen what had just happened, but in his heart, he knew he had.
I have this headcanon that Steve's favorite drink is cream soda. Don't you ask me why.
by AC/DC.
“You were smart. I could probably eat more than these four men combined!” He laughed, patting Bruce on the back. “Is that a challenge?” Clint asked, his eyes flickering with mischief. “Now boys, let’s keep it civil. You can settle your little challenge after dinner, if there’s any left overs left.” Natasha teased, kissing her fiancé on the cheek.
A girlish giggle escaped Christine's lips, and she looked him over. "I've never seen you so exposed... It's hot." She purred, and took a step towards Steve, who took a step back. "Don't try to run from me captain, I like the chase." She giggled, and began to remove her clothing. "What are you-" Steve stopped mid-sentence as she stepped in, wearing nothing. She batted her eyelashes at him, water running over her slim body, and Steve took in a breath as she kissed him, pressing her body against his. "Don't pretend you don't want me Steve," she whispered, and Steve was frozen in place. He wasn't sure what to do, he could push her away, but he feared the consequences.
"Man Bruce, those gamma rays give you mind reading powers too?" Clint laughed, but the scientist shook his head. "Check it out." The four looked to where he was pointing, and noticed a large helicopter coming down in the middle of the park. "Of course, Fury just has to make an entrance." Natasha muttered, smiling to herself.
He heard the chair in front of him scrape against the floor, and he looked up to see Steve sitting down across from him. "Hello Captain." Tony muttered quietly. "Mr. Stark." Steve responded politely. "How are you today?" Tony rolled his eyes. "We're not really going to do this are we?" he asked, looking up at the blond and leaned on the table. "We both know we don't want to be here, so let's-" "Who said I didn't want to be here?" Steve asked, a small smile twitching at his lips. Tony lips upturned in a smile, which he quickly hid behind his hand.
“Well, if everyone has had their fill, I think now would be a wonderful time to go into the living room and open gifts.” Jane suggested, eyeing Thor, who looked more pleased than ever. Everyone nodded in agreement, and moved themselves into the living room. “Who wants to go first?” Steve asked, kneeling down by the presents. “How about we do it by age? That’s how we always used to do it my house.” “That sounds fine to me. Looks like the big guy will be going last, you think you can wait that long?” Tony laughed, punching Thor playfully in the arm. “Let’s see if you
Steve saw Tony wave down a waiter, and gave him the check. Christine noticed as well. She leaned in, and whispered in Steve's ear, "Kiss me." "No!" Steve whispered harshly. "Kiss me or I release them." she hissed. He saw Pepper and Tony getting closer. He turned his face to Christine's, and put a hand on her neck as he kissed her.
“Drunk Atheist.” Steve replied, not hiding his dislike for the other man. Tony moved up to the blond's back, ready to turn him around and punch him. But just as he placed a hand on Steve's shoulder, someone came into the hotel room; interrupting the would-be fight.
Tony stayed where he was, meeting Steve's angry glare. Their eyes locked, and the lump was back in Steve's throat. Same with Tony's stomach knots. "Just, come out with me tonight. I'll get the guys together, we'll have some fun!" The smaller man pleaded.
He wondered, before being startled out of his day dream by a hand on his shoulder.
“All for show? Clint even noticed! What if anybody else had? What if someone catches on?” she hissed, fear rising within her. “No one’s going to catch on Natasha. Don’t you worry your pretty little head.” Tony teased, and Natasha looked as if she was about to murder him. “Here you two go. Two whiskeys on the rocks. And a vanilla vodka for my little lady.” Clint purred as he handed them their drinks. “Cheers, to a lovely night with friends.” Steve said, raising his glass. “Cheers!” the others said, and Steve and Tony downed their drinks in one gulp; Natasha hanging onto hers; she wasn't in the mood to drink at this point.
"You know what I'm talking about Steve. You guys don't realize how easy you are to read."
"Steve, can we talk?"
"Next month. It says I can bring a guest, so... Anybody want to go with me?" Bruce grinned sheepishly, obviously embarrassed for having to ask. "Count me out." Tony grumbled as he popped two slices of bread in a toaster. The scientist looked to Steve, who pursed his lips in thought. "Why don't you ask around, I'd like to go, it'd be nice to get myself acquainted with some other technology, but if you can find someone better take them." Bruce nodded in agreement, and they all stood in silence.
"Because I left them on." The larger man retaliated, removing Tony's hands from his body. "If we're gonna do this," He went onto his knees, his blue eyes sparkling with mischief, and his lips red from the feverish kissing that he had just removed himself from. "We're gonna do it right."
But I just really quickly wanted to say thank you for the 2,762 reads! You are all s About a month had passed since Steve and Tony had begun their affair. They tried to hide it from the rest of the Avengers, besides Natasha of course. They knew they could trust her. But the others… They didn’t know how they would all handle it. Barton remained clueless, and Thor had left the night after. “Important business in Asgard,” was all he could tell them. Bruce was a little more difficult. With him and Tony always working in their lab, Steve found it hard to spend time with his new boyfriend. And as for Pepper, well, they were going to save her for last.
"You sure you don't want to back out of this?" Tony smirked beneath his helmet. "No talk, just fighting." Steve growled, and threw his shield towards Tony's head. The object just barely missed him, and scratched Tony's new suit.
"Nothing. I just kind of guessed." Bruce tried to hide his grin, and Steve looked at him. "You slick son of a gun." He laughed, and ran a hand through his hair. "Damn... You think I would have seen right through that one."
They moved out to the cold outside, and Tony immediately regretted not having grabbed a jacket. He rubbed his arms, and watched his breath form a fog in front of his face. "Here." Tony looked up to see Steve offering him his jacket, and the brunette smirked. "I'll be fine." He waved his hand again, but Steve wouldn't have it. He threw the jacket over the younger man's shoulder, and held it there.
Steve blushed bright red, watching as Tony moved in front of him, and he found himself being pulled into the music. He moved with Tony, following his steps. "This isn't awkward or anything." Steve laughed, and Tony laughed with him. "Only awkward if you make it that way." he said, and playfully pushed himself against the blond. Steve turned a deeper red as Tony began to dance, pulling him close and lip syncing the lyrics. The blond rolled his eyes and began to do the same.
Steve shrugged, wiping his forehead with an already wet cloth. "Just a good day I guess." Tony caught Steve looking at him, and winked. Natasha held her breath, hoping Clint would remain clueless to the scene. "Alright, well you two have had your fun, now it's our turn." Clint entered the ring, and reached a hand out to help Natasha. She let out a breath, happy to know her lover was still a bit clueless.
Another older work of mine. I had a version in which Tony succeeds, but it was lost on my old Tumblr.
"We should get over this; I'm fine with being friends if you are." Tony said, smiling. "I am, so," Steve held out his hand, smiling. "Friends?" The brunette chuckled, and shook his hand. "Friends." They waited a moment longer, still holding each other’s hand. Steve loosened his grip, slightly. He was reluctant to let go, but he knew if he didn't he would be all over Tony within another heartbeat.
Steve looked at Tony's lips, and felt a heat rising through his chilled body. Tony shifted his weight, and pulled away. "Tony?" The blond looked at him, and watched as he began to walk away. "Come on, it's getting late, and we ought to get home." Tony muttered, and shoved his hands in his pant pockets, not bothering to remove Steve's jacket.
Title says it all.
“I don’t know if I can keep doing this Steve.” Tony whispered between passionate kisses. The two lovers had joined in Steve’s hotel room, considering it to be the safest place. Bruce was just about always in the lab, and Clint liked to surprise Tony with his little assassin tactics. No one really visited Steve, thinking that he was at the gym with his new toy.
"Mr. Stark, you're home early." Jarvis's voice rang through the empty lab, and Tony smiled. "Yeah, and I brought a friend." he ushered Steve in, who looked in total awe at the work before him. The large machine was tall, much taller than Tony had described. It was painted a navy blue, with white stars on the side. Steve traced his hand across the smooth metal, and a button beeped at his touch. He jumped back, as a punching bag immediately sprung from the side.
Steve smiled, not sure of what to say. "Thanks guys, this means a lot to me." he said quietly, not meeting their eyes. Natasha peered at him questioningly, wondering what was bothering him. "So who wants cake?" Clint clapped his hands loudly, and everyone broke away to the large table. Steve looked at the cake, and laughed.
Steve spotted Bruce standing shyly in a corner, a drink in his hand, eyes locked on the ground. "I'll be back, Bruce is looking pretty lonely." he said as he began to back away. The other two nodded, and resumed their conversation. "Hey Banner." he muttered as he reached the shy man. "Hey Rogers. Enjoying yourself?" Bruce asked, perking up a bit. "I guess you could say that. I never really was one for winter." He gave a half smile, and the brunette returned it.
She simply sighed, and began to head for the door. "Just don't forget what I said Stark." And with that, she was gone. Tony looked back at the bedroom door, and bit his lip. He could only hope that he hadn't made a huge mistake. But as he watched Steve step out of the room, his hair all over the place, and a wide grin on his face, he knew he had done the right thing. He loved Steve, and Steve loved him.
"Oh God... It's just... Only a few months ago, we were fighting all the time. And now, here we are, sitting at a Starbucks, becoming closer than I ever thought we would." Tony explained. He looked out the window at the stalled cars, and the street lights. "It's funny how life works. You know?" he muttered. Steve nodded, and sipped at his coffee. The liquid burned on its way down, but he didn't mind; it was a nice reminder that he was still alive.
"No, stop." He said, feeling her lips move from his and down his neck. "Why? Don't you like me Steve?" she teased, running a hand up his front. He sucked in a breath as she bit gently on his neck, causing him to moan a bit. Another giggle, and she kissed his neck. "Come on Captain, why don't you show me what you can do?" "I said stop!" He said a little louder, and he felt her remove her hands from his body. She moved back, a mix of hurt and anger apparent on her face. "Fine, I get it. You don't want to do it here. I'll see you at seven." Christine said, stepping out and dressing.
They walked over to the landing helicopter, pushing past the crowd that had now gathered. Director Fury hopped off to greet them, a serious look on his face. "Avengers! How are you all?" he asked politely. "We're all fine, but I think I can ask for everyone when we wonder why you’re visiting us in the middle of a park, on a helicopter." Clint yelled over the sound of the blades cutting through the air.
Steve gave him a nod of approval. "I trust you." "Steve! There you are!" Tony's voice entered the happy moment, and the two men looked to see him with a Brandy in his hand, and an overly happy look on his face. "Hey Brucie. You having fun?" Bruce rolled his eyes, and smiled. The man never ceased to amuse him. "Yeah, your boyfriend and I were just talking." Tony's smile fell from his face, and he opened his mouth to defend himself. "He knows Tony." Steve cut the man off before he could make a fool out of them. "What?" Tony looked at them astonished, and Bruce shrugged. "Lucky guess."
Tony clicked the cylinder of the revolver into place, smiling at it. Sweet release. Soon, it'd be over. He wouldn't have to worry about his God Damn father, or how he was never good enough, or the painful memory of losing the only person he cared about. "I'm sorry mom." he whispered. He grabbed the camera remote, and pressed record.
"Um, Ash? Why don't we get out of here, it's getting a little too crowded for my taste." Steve tried to keep his focus on Ashley, but it was getting harder to ignore Tony's presence. "Oh, yeah. How about my place?" The girl muttered quietly, a smile forming on her face. "Sure, anything you want." The soldier got up quickly, holding onto her hand and rushing out the door.
"Alright, where's the little bastard at?" Clint asked, and Steve quickly pushed Tony off of him. He gave Steve a dirty look as soon as Clint looked up from adjusting his arrow onto the string. A look of disappointment flashed over his face as he noticed Tony sitting in the snow. "Glad to see you're okay Tony." he mumbled, and walked over to give his friend a hand. Steve got himself off, brushing snow off himself. But as soon as he was about to start walking, someone pushed him back into the snow. "What the hell?" he growled, glaring up at the fleeing pair. "Fly bird man fly!" Tony laughed as he ran beside his friend, who seemed ready to fall into the snow laughing.
"Shit." Steve brushed the hair off his forehead, licking his lips.
"Tony, if you don't get down from there right now I swear to God I'm coming up there and killing you myself." Steve threatened calling up to Tony. The man simply laughed, and continued to dance close to the edge of the roof. "Come on Cap! Lighten up! Have a drink!" he called down, tossing a bottle of whiskey down. It fell into the snow, unscathed from the five story fall. "Come on Stark! We're freezing down here! Get down before you hurt yourself!" Clint complained, rubbing his arms to keep warm from the chilly wind.
"No, but, I just want you to be careful Tony, you're playing with fire. We're not talking about an experiment; we're talking about Steve Rogers, Captain America, our leader." The woman turned, and begun walking back towards the elevators. "I don't want this to break us all apart because you had a change of heart." Tony watched as the elevator doors shut, and he rubbed his eyes. "Oh, God, what am I doing?"
"Christine!" Steve yelled as he burst through the doors of the large office building, and all eyes turned to see who the hell was looking for the female reporter. Christine turned around, standing by the coffee machine, music blaring on the small radio they had nearby. The soldier stalked up to her, and she almost dropped the cup she had in her hand when she saw him raise his fist. But he swung past her, smashing the radio against the wall, and a silence falling over the gathering crowd.
The brunette walked into his large kitchen and started a pot of coffee, smiling at the bright day seeping in through the curtains. He had almost forgotten about yesterday, but he still wanted to let Steve know that he wouldn't get away with a stunt like that so easily.
"Come now American man; let us enjoy this fabulous dessert made in your honor." Thor announced, patting Steve gently on the back. "Yeah, sounds good!" The soldier smiled as he picked up a knife, but Tony stopped him. "Allow me." Tony's arm, which had recently been hidden behind his back, now showed, and his arm was encased in his Iron Man repulsor. "I've been working on a little something." He smirked as he walked over to the table, and aimed at the cake. "No Tony that's still a-" Bruce tried to yell over the whir of the machine, but it was too late.
