"What about when you came back?" John asks. "Despite Mary, despite the anger, did you wish to kiss me too?"
And they have every reasons to. He had done nothing but hurt Sherlock over and over again since he came back. Even after that bloody Christmas, after listening to Sherlock's mother cursing about the person who shot her son, John chose to return to Mary. He forgave her, christ, he forgave her for shooting his best friend, the only person John truly cared about. There isn't a chance Mummy Holmes doesn't know. Just like she must be aware of the lying, hurting and beating that came afterward.
Sherlock waits until she’s driving away before closing the door, Toby’s head stroking his leg in a clear invitation and Sherlock smiles, “Alright, let’s go out, too.”
"I came by Baker Street to ask if Sherlock wanted to come with Rosie and I to go trick or treating. I met Horsen when he got home, and learned Sherlock was engaged."
He brushed his hand against John’s crotch, the jeans not concealing the impressive bulge underneath and John thrusted light into Sherlock’s touch. Sherlock moved his lips to John’s neck, massaging John’s erection slowly and enjoying the frustrated noise coming out of John’s mouth above him. Sherlock tightened his grip, adding more pressure to the caress and John moaned loudly. Sherlock knew he wouldn’t get to tease too much before John took back control, and he began to unzip him. Sherlock rested his forehead against John’s chest so he could look down. He bit his lips and pushed John’s jeans down, revealing a black pair of pants and the head of John’s cock just out of the waistband. Sherlock ran one finger across it and John cup his head again, tilting it so he could crash their mouth back together as Sherlock pushed the pants down, John stepping out of his clothes. Sherlock nipped at John’s lower lip one last time before pulling away, lying down on the bed again, opening his arm in a clear invitation.
You know you can read
"You," John breathes, now backed against the door. "With him." Sherlock arches an eyebrow, not saying a word, and John swallows with difficulty. "I couldn't believe you’re engaged," he continues. "I was convinced it was for a case, that you could be in danger."
“Go ahead, laugh!”
"Don't worry," John says, smiling. "I've thought about it quite a bit too. So I'm going to do the same, and when you're ready, I want you to tell about me about one of those times, and I'll tell you some of my thoughts too. Is that alright?" Sherlock remains silent, staring at him with his flush now spreading to his neck. "I can start, if you want?"
I’ll be giving you this letter tomorrow, knowing you’ll be holding in that blank envelope secrets I’ve never thought I’d ever feel the need to share. I realise now there are many more I could tell you, but I find myself hoping I won’t have to write all of those down.
John rolls his eyes, taking another sip of his water. He had been ignoring Tom’s smiles and teases and winks at first, but he had to admit that having someone to actually talk to about this has its advantages. There isn’t a high chance Sherlock will ever be aware of Tom’s mere existence, and if his colleague hadn’t said a word about this to anyone in the past months, there is no reasons for John to be careful.
John doesn’t reply, not certain he wants to recall all the times he almost lost Sherlock to a case.
John glances back at the still silent Mat- no, Horsen. "You really thought you could fool Sherlock Holmes?" Not moving, Horsen only glares up at him. "What? Lost your tongue?"
“That’s nice, keeps you from getting bored.”
“Can’t complain,” John replies.
"I have a question," John finally breathes.
, Sherlock thought as he stood up,
John frowns, “No. You said I could… I mean, you told me to join you here directly.”
Sherlock studies him for a long moment, reading all of it, now bare on John's face, "I couldn't trust myself. Couldn't let myself believe what I was seeing," he breathes. "What if I had been wrong? It could have ruined what we already had."
"Yes," he replies finally. "Mr Fines is a very ordinary man, with no apparent intention of hurting Sherlock."
And now the chapter you all be waiting for!
alright?
email, but I thought it was
She runs to Sherlock as soon as he arrives and he catches her with a small laugh. John can’t help but stare at him, suddenly very much aware that he is now allowed to do so. He can let him see, don’t have to look away anymore. And so, when Sherlock’s eyes find his, all bright still, John makes sure he can read it all on his face.
Opening his eyes, Sherlock locks them together, "Brilliant deduction," he breathes, getting another laugh out of John. "And you are..."
“He wanted me to build him a ship up there first,” Patrick says. “We’ve figured a house would do just fine.”
John didn’t asked to read my letter when I fold it back into the envelope. He didn’t showed me his either. It’s not hard to deduce the content of the said letter must have been as personal as mine.
And yes, it’s wet and yes, he has absolutely no idea whether he’s doing it right, but John’s tongue is chasing his in the most delicious way, and Sherlock finds himself wishing they could just remain like this for hours. He needs more time to catalogue each wave of, yes, pleasure, and each point of contact between their bodies. He can’t let John pull away anymore, even just to breathe.
A bark downstairs stirs him from his thoughts, and Sherlock accepts that today is going to be an early morning. He rolls to his side, grabbing the dressing gown at the end of his bed and putting it on as he gets up, going for the door immediately. Toby greets him at the bottom of the stairs, barking happily until Sherlock finally gives him some breakfast, patting his head softly, “There, there.”
“Not much of a Christmas person?” John asked, startling Sherlock for the second time today.
Another nod and they’re heading in, John following him inside without a word. Angelo, of course, greets him with a warm laugh and leads them both to Sherlock’s table. There’s already a candle on the table, and Sherlock pretends not to notice it despite the two of them knowing perfectly well what this dinner truly is. John places his cane against the wall behind him and waits until Angelo leaves before saying, “I should start by apologizing.”
“Hell,” John continues, laughing nervously. “I’m almost there myself.”
“Typing,” Lestrade teases before passing him the phone.
Sherlock shakes his head, looking back at him, "No, slow is boring."
Love,
John doesn't quite meet her eyes as he says, "Thank you again, Mrs H." He waits until he hears the door closing to walk down the street, refusing to let himself think about whether Sherlock is or isn't currently showering with his fiancé. He needs to focus, need to master his plan. But first of all, he needs to find a costume.
Can you honestly close your eyes and not remember feeling this urge to have John close, in your very arms, so that you’d be sure he wouldn’t disappear again?
“Better,” he replies hasty.
“Only if Holmes solves it by then,” Montgomery replies, already walking back to the house with John, and Sherlock watches them both go, wondering if one day this sight will be ordinary. John, taking care of their guest, in their home. “Come on, Holmes, the case won’t solve itself!”
“I’d like to take care of it,” he says, sending all of John’s sense on fire. “With you.”
“Good,” John says, picking up their empty cups. “That should keep you busy for the next ten minutes or so.”
"Sure," Rosie replies, shrugging. "Let's go."
“I… I’m fairly sure they do.”
“Looks like we’re going to stay on the ground for a moment.” Came a voice next to him and Sherlock didn’t even bother to look at the middle-aged man sitting beside him. The man was clearly going home from a “business trip” (long time mistress, she’s pressuring him to leave his wife) and definitely not worth Sherlock’s attention.
“How can I help?” John asks, deciding against yet another toast.
“Of course, yes. I can’t take you to the bank, but I can bring them here in less than a hour if that’s alright?”
"I can see that," Arnold says with a smile.
“Sherlock, you’re allowed to have this, you know,” Lestrade replies, patting his shoulder as if to comfort him.
I can’t thank you enough for your patience. When I started the first draft of this letter, I thought it could be like all the others, just my pen putting on paper all the thoughts dancing inside my head. But this is now the thirteenth version of my letter, and, I hope, the last one, too.
John raises one hand, brushing away a curl from his forehead, "When I first got here, finding you on that bench, that's all I could think about. How beautiful you still are."
“I don’t need anything, thank you,” John smiles, shaking his head. “But I’d love to tell you my own version of these stories.”
John looks back to his right but Sherlock is gone.
.” Sherlock whimpered, the need to rock on John’s finger so strong despite the other’s warning.
Sherlock tries to smile, but feeling still embarassed by how quickly things got out of hand. He should have been more in control, they had only been kissing after all, and-
“John, John.” He gasped, having more and more trouble keeping himself up. He couldn’t find the right position for John to hit his prostate and Sherlock had never been a patient man. “John, I can’t. I…” He didn’t managed to finish his sentence, John thrusting up harshly into him.
"Well I am," Sherlock asserts, staring back at him.
XX67: Yes.
Sherlock?
John doesn't bother to feign surprise. he always wondered how the great Sherlock Holmes had never managed to see through him anyway. "And what can we deduce about that?" He asks, daring to lean to the edge of his chair, thinking back on all the occasion he did just that, fantasizing about doing much more too.
I know I am.
John stares at Sherlock, still and barely breathing.
Another nod, accompanied with a shiver.
"They want to see their granddaughter," Sherlock blurts out.
Hot, bright desire pulses through John’s veins. He kisses Sherlock’s shoulder, breathing out slowly.
“Thanks Pa’, but I’m exhausted,” she replies, eyes going from him to John quickly. “I’ll see you both tomorrow.”
He watches Sherlock’s adam apple as he swallows slowly, “I know.”
"I might have no idea what I'm supposed to do once we get there," Sherlock continues, smiling but blushing too, "but I know I want to be yours entirely."
Silence, again. And then, "Sherlock?"
"John," he whispers, already desperate for more.
There’s still so much
John’s lips find his own for a chaste, warm kiss. Sherlock feels his own body giving up slowly, warming up with each second ticking by. He can tell the moment John falls back asleep, lips still attached to his jaw. Sherlock snuggle closer.
Sherlock beams at him, unfolding his napkin. “Glad to see you’re impressed, that’s what I was aiming for.”
John?
"I love you," John murmurs again, quiet.
John shakes his head, smiling softly at him. “Come here, you,” he says, pulling him in for a tender kiss. Sherlock relaxes into the touch, letting his own hand slide down John’s back. He loves how comfortable it all feels now, after barely a month of being this. He loves how his fingers automatically find their place on John’s hips, how his chest rises and falls in harmony with John’s breathing, how their kisses still feel like the very first one, exploring, daring, questioning.
And somehow, between remembering the feeling of John’s hand in his hair and the sound he made as he climaxed, Sherlock falls asleep.
Then I’ll owe you one. Don’t be boring.
“You really are easily impressed,” Sherlock says, mocking him.
Sherlock accepts the kiss with a soft sigh, leaning for another one when John pulls away. He remains close afterward, their nose almost brushing.
, he can’t help but think. It’s ridiculous. It’s entirely his fault if he is currently in this empty flat, waiting for the sound of John’s key at the door. He only needs to get himself moving, going somewhere, anywhere but here. So he gets up, reaching for his coat and phone, and walks out of the flat. It’s only when he’s on the pavement, a cab stopping before him, that he realises he actually needs to find somewhere to go. He’s sure the cabbie would be just fine with driving him all around town, but then it would still be him and his thoughts alone. No, he needs to find a place where he won’t have to think, at all. The solution, in the end, is quite simple, and it almost makes him smile as he gets inside the cab. It takes a few seconds to go through his Mind Palace and find the most suitable place, giving the address to the cabbie and relaxing against the seat.
The motive was obvious from the start: revenge. If the message wasn’t clear enough, the lacerations on the victim’s chest made it quite clear. Partner or mistress, someone close enough to the victim to feel this angry and react in such a way. John would have noticed the patterns in the victim’s cuts immediately, each of them carefully placed over each internal organ. Not deep enough to kill the victim, but the intention was rather obvious.
“Is that your way of asking how many people I had sex with?” Sherlock smiled before crying out as John hit his prostate again.
10:30
“Sherlock, everything alright?” John asks immediately, kissing the corner of his mouth softly.
“It died off,” he says, his voice barely a whisper.
“There’s nothing to do here, John!”
One message on the wall, written with the victim’s blood,
“Yeah, yeah, sorry,” Lestrade apologizes quickly, clearing his throat before saying, “Do you have an account in the first place? Twitter, I mean.”
It isn’t until far later than Sherlock looks up and declares, “Done.”
Sherlock's fingers lace with his own slowly, neither of them moving for another second before walking closer to the road. It only takes a minute for Sherlock to hail a cab, and if the entire ride is spent in complete silence, John knows it won't last long once they're back where they always belong.
“Thank you for keeping Rosie for us,” John says, deciding against his jacket.
be feeling. Christ, he had hated that day too, even if it had taken weeks for him to acknowledge the fact. And to think he didn’t even see a glimpse of Sherlock’s true feelings is making him sick with regrets. He should have seen, should have noticed something was wrong. For God’s sake, that speech had been
"Oh," Rosie smiles, glancing at him and John can't help but frown at her obviously delighted face. "Of course."
His legs are heavy by the time he climbs the stairs, his breath short and his heart racing when he pushes the door open. He finds John’s eyes right way. They don’t exchange a single word as Sherlock closes the door and places his covers on the bed. John shifts, the sound of his body on the sheet raising goosebumps on Sherlock’s arms. He shakes the feeling away, really, really not wanting to make a fool of himself before having even joined John under the covers, which he does with a rapidity that even impresses himself.
John laughs, tongue darting out to wet his lips and Sherlock averts his eyes quickly. He thanks Angelo silently when he shows up and they both give their order quickly, earning themselves a wink before he leaves. John is fidgeting with his fork again, opening his mouth a few times but not a single sound coming out and for the first time since they got in, Sherlock realises he’s not the only one with no idea what he’s doing.
The soldier in him looked up, trying to figure out whether the voice could present a potential threat. A lithe frame was really not what he had expected to go along with the booming voice still echoing in his ears. “Aren’t you a pretty one.” He murmured under his breath, “But sadly very hotheaded how it seems.” He turned away again. There was no denying that what he had seen and was still hearing was quite attractive but perhaps his mind was also only supplying that because he hadn’t seen anyone out of fatigues for the past five months. Either way, the stranger wasn’t his concern at the moment but his stomach was and that growled for food especially now that they appeared to have quite a lot of waiting time ahead of them.
"She knows my name," Sherlock breathes, and only loud laughter from across the street stops John from pulling him into his arms. Sherlock's eyes glance to the group of students, tensing again. "I'll wait for you upstairs," he declares, opening the door and John watches him climb the stairs without a word.
I can honestly say that I didn’t let John get out of bed for a entire day after the incident, too afraid he might slip through my fingers once again. I don’t think he minded, not at all in fact.
"Slow down," Lestrade declares, typing what he just said quickly. "What about you?" He asks, looking up at John.
My goal is to finish this fic by the end of the week, and for that I need to write three epilogues and one last letter from the others John&Sherlock. Wish me luck!
He stops dead in front of John's door, listening for any signs of him being still up in there, but hearing nothing. He closes his eyes, rubbing a hand over his aching chest and finally, finally, closing the other around the door handle. John's eyes find his as soon as the door is open, freezing Sherlock where he stands. As expected, John is lying down on his bed, hands resting on his stomach and only his face turned toward him. He's smiling, Sherlock notices immediately, and he finds himself smiling back, a semblance of courage filling him.
John hovers at the bottom of the stairs for a minute, considering saying they can talk about it another time and leave now, but would Sherlock understand? This man he had just spent a brilliant evening with might be oh so clever, John is starting to think he might also be entirely clueless about many things.
"Thank you," John laughs. 'You're quite a marvel yourself, you know."
John chuckles, “I thought you were already seduced.”
My beta hasn't corrected this chapter yet, so if you see any mistake, please tell me in the comments :)
Sherlock inhales deeply, resuming his walk and holding John’s hand just a little harder.
“Maybe,” John says, deciding this isn’t the time for this discussion yet. “But I’ll be kissing you, and that’s something quite huge if you ask me.”
"Well," John says, "he was the one engaged to a killer after all."
John, pleased to no end that Sherlock is acting like himself again, chooses this moment to say, “Do you want to look at what we did so far?”
"One more thing to blame on our old age."
about it all.
02:35
“I… don’t know,” John says, accepting that they’re apparently going to talk about this first thing in the morning.
I’ve been thinking about what I would write in this email all day. Ever since I read the letter actually. There are things that you can’t just ignore, and this is definitely one of them.
Sherlock represses a shiver, “Were we really anything at all?”
too. Is everything alright?
Sherlock shakes his head, “No, no. I want to.” He sighs, leaning forward until the can rest his forehead against John’s. “I truly do.”
It’ll be just fine. Don’t
Not that surprising. We can be here in ten minutes, if that’s alright with you.
It’s only when the lights are being turned off that he opens them again. Sherlock is lying on his side, facing him, but still too far away.
“Then we wait,” John says. “We discover each other, slowly. Alright?”
Sherlock sits up abruptly, forcing John to roll on his back.
Is it?
“That’s all well and nice but I don’t actually know who you are looking for.” John supplied crossing his arms behind his back as he adapted a more comfortable stance.
She pats his shoulder, "Just like it's not yours, dear."
John nods, "I've just come to make sure Rosie was ok."
He knows.
XX32: I will.
The quiet sound of Sherlock closing his book echoes in the room.
"Go home," Mycroft simply says before hanging up.
“Well, Sherlock,” John breathes, taking a step closer and all of the sudden, Sherlock can’t seem to be able to move anymore. “That was amazing.”
Pa' always had this sad look some days. I would come back from school and find him staring at Dad's chair, silent and barely breathing, and it always took him several minutes to realise I was there. He used to be good at hiding it, but with the years, it felt as if it had become too hard to simply pretend. I still have no idea how Dad managed to miss it, or if maybe he just didn't let himself notice it.
mess this up, Sherlock.
Silence fills the room, comfortable and light. John stares up at the ceiling, wishing he could be silently studying Sherlock’s profile instead.
He abandons the journal on his bed again, sighing out loud before walking back to the kitchen and grabbing the enveloppe on the table. He hadn’t dared reading over what he wrote right after reading John’s letter. He knows for a fact that he’d be tearing it apart the second he reread it, and if he has learned anything from John’s blog, it’s that first draft are filled with sentiments you outh to keep to yourself, but maybe this is just what they need right now.
wanting to go an a date with
John pulls away just enough to look at him, studying him for a long moment, and Sherlock lets him. He closes his eyes, hoping John can find what he’s looking for in the frown between his eyebrows or the trembling of his lower lip.
It will only take a few minutes to get there, just the time he needs to reconsider it all one last time. Alternate Universes. Other versions of himself. Letters and photographs. All of it, nonsense.
Obviously, he had a sleek, black roll along suitcase, nothing that could even remotely be compared to John’s dusty, military backpack. Still although they looked as different as night and day, literally because Sherlock was as white as if he’d never seen the sun and John himself had put on quite the tan, the soldier was confident enough for the night to take an interesting turn. As they reached the room he let Sherlock in first again.
John’s breath is heavy when he says, “Accept?”
“I’m sure it didn’t,” John laughs. “You said that you sell your honey to a local shop?”
“What you did today,” he finally whispers. “It was good.”
"Will you ever let that go?"
“John,” Sherlock stops him, having managed to regulate his breathing somehow.
Sherlock’s mother is already outside waiting for them when they park. The house doesn’t look the same in the middle of summer. John wonders if they could go and take a walk in the four days to come, getting to know Sherlock’s past a bit more.
John runs for the door, climbing up the stairs as quickly as he can and rushing to the bedroom. It only takes a second to find the box on the bedside table and he grabs it before running back downstairs. Harriet is laughing, waiting for him in the car, apparently very amused by the situation.
Sherlock glances at him, finding John still smiling at him. “I count the days between each of her visits.”
Sherlock arched against him, gasping, “I love you.”
Love,
John wonders if he realises what he's saying, if this is someone a way to get back at him, but Sherlock shows no signs of continuing so John takes a careful step toward him. "I've brought Rosie with me," he says.
“Everything’s done in our bedroom?” he asks when they part.
“Not really. It should be, but-”
You’re angry.
"Probably for the money," John mutters, following Sherlock inside.
"Your father is an idiot," Sherlock comments from behind them, and John turns to glare at him. "Even old age hasn't changed that."
"I went back to see her after the Culverton case," he continues, smiling. "I don't know why I went looking for anyone else in the first place, she's always been the only one who truly knew what I needed to hear." Sherlock glances down at his own hands. "Or maybe I should have just talked to you."
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s eyes flutter closed as he nods, the sound of his head rubbing against the pillow covering Sherlock’s sharp inhale. He forces himself not to flee, not to run away once again. John looks back at him, something close to determination settling over his face, and Sherlock finds there the courage to remain where he is.
“Could be dangerous”. Sherlock only supplied before opening the door and walking in. He was only half-surprised to hear the man’s footsteps behind him.
Sherlock sighs loudly, “Are conversation about sex always this…”
John removes his costume quickly and peeks at where Sherlock just disappeared, but has no doubt he'll find where they are in no time. Lestrade gives him a pointed look before opening the door, and John gets the silent message in his eyes. They stand in front of the tainted glass, staring at Horsen alone in the interrogation room. "Donovan is going to take care of his deposition. Yours will confirm or contest whatever he says."
“You’re actually not thrilled to be back. Anyone should be happy to come home for Christmas, but not in your case. As I said, interesting.”
“I’m a broken man, Sherlock,” John sighs, fingers falling from Sherlock’s skin to the bed.
“She should be sleeping,” Sherlock says, eyes back on the road. “She didn’t get her two hours nap this morning.”
“And to think it all happened thanks to me,” Lestrade laughs, earning himself another glare, just as his phone chimes.
They kiss and it isn’t what they had expected.
“Then what about a third one, so that you’ll stop worrying.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock sighs. “Now, the number?”
“You didn’t desired…this before?”
Thank you for all the amazing feedbacks on this story, I truly enjoyed writing it!
A bright laugh breaches John's lips, and Sherlock smiles back at him. "Which is why we can continue this way."
"Obviously," Sherlock replies, phone already in hand. "He was certain I was drugged."
) I can’t believe I’m having a conversation about parallel universes with you.
“Weren’t you supposed to be at the clinic today?”
"She has a lot of questions."
“What should I say then, dating
But John only asked, a smile still attached to his lips, “Aren’t you a bit young to be a detective?”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice came again, much closer this time. “How to we proceed?”
“I’ll be answering that,” Sherlock says bringing Quentin back to reality doing so.
Sherlock breathes out deeply before making up his mind, “Were you also better at this before?”
“I want you to try,” Sherlock finally whispers, “and kiss me.”
Sherlock's voice is low, so very low, and John slowly looks up at him.
“Oh, that’s good.”
(See the end of the chapter for
after all.
“Oh, sorry!” John apologized, getting to his feet quickly, “We’re leaving. No problem, I hope we haven’t caused too much trouble.”
Sherlock studies him, silent, and nods.
John laughs again, about to offer another cup of tea when three knocks echo in the flat.
“There not much left now, it shouldn’t take more than a hour to finish.”
"Hi there." John's eyes snap back open, taking in the Zorro mask and blue eyes behind it. "Here alone?"
Sherlock doesn’t reply, silence filling the room. Sherlock can’t help but notice the marks under John’s eyes, deeper than the last time they saw each other.
Sounded like it, yes.
Sorry, I took advantage
John is still trying to process all of it when Matthew drags Sherlock to his chair, sitting down and letting Sherlock settle on his lap. Now being the one who desperately wants to flee, John's hands tightens around the armchair.
because John can hear her walk back to her flat without another word.
Also, some of you have been wondering about the colors of Sherlock’s journals.... who has figured them out??
He’s gone before Sherlock can say anything else, and it takes him another long moment before he realises he can’t just remain standing there. He goes through his bedtime routine on automatic, thoughts of what’s waiting for him in the upstairs bedroom, who is waiting for him, going on a loop inside his head. Will John change his mind by the time he gets there? Or will he be already in bed, waiting for him? Maybe having managed to have fallen asleep in the meantime?
Your reactions to the last chapter were brilliant, thank you so much!
Just a little note to say that I'm back, and that things will go back to normal starting Monday!
“John!” He cried out, quickening his movement before going still entirely, his come landing on John’s chest. He continued to stroke himself until he became over sensitive, whispering one last “John” before relaxing, his sharp eyes still fixed on John
“Sure.”
Sherlock shakes his head, accepting the arm around his waist and it seems John can't look away, "Fiancé?" he asks, the word making something heavy sink inside his chest.
“Clearly you must know we are not in a battlefield.” Sherlock countered and John let out a small laugh, looking back at him.
John swallows back a laugh, searching for the right words for a long moment, “But you know it can be, an issue I mean.”
John rolls to his side quickly, keeping one hand on Sherlock's chest, over his heart. "Do you want to slow down a bit?"
10:25
“Molly called with some new bodies,” Sherlock start to explain. “I wanted to text my theories about nails, remember?”
:  j.h.watson@email.co.uk
Christ, Sherlock, I want to kiss you. I can still taste your lips on mine right now, and all I want to do is run back to Baker Street and steal just one more kiss. I want to kiss you for the rest of my life, but I also want so much more. This is what this letter is all about, everything I always wanted to experience with you, everything that kept me awake at night, unable to think properly because you were right down the stairs, just a few rooms away.
“I didn’t.” Another smile directed more at the floor than at Sherlock this time, but when the man looked up, Sherlock could tell he had made up his mind concerning this conversation. “I’m John Watson, and that was extraordinary.”
“You could go grocery shopping,” John points out. “It’ll get you out of here and you could buy what you need.”
Their lips meet in a chaste, soft kiss that takes all the remaining breath trapped in John’s lungs away. He doesn’t push further and neither does Sherlock. They remain there, kissing, for very long minutes, pulling away only to kiss again. John isn’t sure how long they keep this dance going, or how many kisses they end up sharing, but soon Sherlock is all but shaking in his arms and so John gathers him close. Sherlock tucks his head against his neck, arms coming to circle John’s waist and holding on tightly.
John closes the few steps that separate them, cupping his head with both hands, "We don't need condoms. I'm clean and don't plan on sleeping with anyone else either."
Yes. Have you?
"Sorry."
He stops dead when Matthew pushes Sherlock down a dark alley, and with his entire body tensing, he gets close enough to be able to hear what is happening. The wet sound of kissing makes him grimace, but he remains still, already fearing Matthew might be trying to abuse Sherlock. Cursing himself for not having his gun with him, John takes a step closer to the alley, trying to make sense of the whispers he can now hear.
John waits until he sees him disappear around the corner before closing his eyes and letting out a deep breath, "It's all right. Everything is going to be all right."
John looks back at him, finding Sherlock hovering over him.
John breathes in deeply, letting all out just as the door open.
“Come on,” John continues, oblivious to Sherlock’s current train of thoughts. “Up you go.”
“Urgent then?” He asks.
PS: I’ve also received a photograph, if you wish to see it.
In my letter, Sherlock,
John laughs again, "I think it's about time, yes."
"You had to notice," Sherlock breathes, sounding pained now. "I wasn't hiding, wasn't trying to anymore. I couldn't. You were right here again, and all I wished was to bring you closer, closer, closer."
* * *
“Don’t,” he whispers, desperately hoping John would don his share of courage, because with his heart already on the edge of exploding inside his chest, Sherlock isn’t sure he can do much than just that. “Stay.”
both of us.
Sherlock isn’t sure if he wants to laugh or just kiss him, “Obviously.”
Sherlock nods, “I hadn’t felt the need nor envy to engage in sexual intercourse ever since college, but then there was you.”
Sherlock closes his eyes, allowing himself to breathe this moment in, to engrave the exact feeling of John’s hand, John’s breath, John’s body so very close, and when he looks back at him again, he’s never been more certain of anything else in the world, “Then kiss me, John Watson.”
“I used a cellphone and a roof, and hurt you,” Sherlock replies, hating how his own body remains him of all the places John had left scars on, visible and not. “But this morning, you used your hands and your lips and kissed me, John, and I’d rather focus on that than anything else.”
John looks at him, smiling, “Really?”
“You are terribly impatient.” John grinned and pressed his finger up against the bundle of nerves inside the other, making him arch cleanly off of the bed. “See, that’s what you get for it. I’ll be the judge of when it’s okay to go on. You just come along for the ride.” Suddenly he pressed his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth while simultaneously adding a second finger to stretch him. The reaction he got was glorious. No cramping, just shivers and the heat of Sherlock’s body inviting him in as if he wasn’t an intruder.
I’ll be there.
They arrive at Baker Street sooner than he had expected, and an ache is spreading through John's entire chest when he pays the driver. Rosie is hanging onto him tightly, looking all around with wide eyes. He barely has the time to take out his keys when the door swings open, Mrs Hudson greeting them both with a warm smile, "John, how nice to see you."
“Sometimes.”
“Then why are you talking?” Sherlock asks before realising how he might sound, but John is laughing, a true, warm laugh that forces Sherlock to pull away and open his eyes again. “Sorry,” he whispers. “It’s only that it turned out to be much better than I’d imagined, and I’d rather like to continue if you don’t mind.”
"Tell me," John repeats, trying his best to sound as reassuring as possible.
“You are a mystery, John Watson,” Sherlock finally breathes out, and John barely has the time to reply before he’s being kissed.
Tom had arrived at the clinic a few months ago, and somehow, one drunken night at the club, John had confessed his undying love for his gorgeous flatmate/bestfriend (Tom’s words the next day). Burning shame had followed John’s around for days after that, each time they cross path, but turned out Tom had, also quite drunkenly, sworn to help him get that fine beauty genius (his words again) and intended to do so very seriously.
Among all of its entries, one of Sherlock’s first journal reads
Sherlock lets out a relieved sigh before he can stop himself, and John chuckles against his lips, and really, Sherlock had no other option but to kiss him. So he does, and more than once, just because he can.
Next chapter, Sherlock's Interlude!
“Yes,” Sherlock says, his voice lower and lower. “It’s quiet but busy at the same time. People are welcoming, maybe too welcoming. It’s also strangely beautiful.”
Sherlock takes the stairs two at a time, walking in and saying, “Rosie fell asleep.”
“Mr. Holmes talks about you all the time!” He says, sitting down too. “He always says you are the reason he solved all those cases!”
“Sorry about your plan.” John’s voice came on his right and Sherlock didn’t try to hide his smile as he turned to face him.
John looks up from his patient’s file just as Anna opens the door wider, letting Sherlock in.
I think I am, John. Every time I allow myself, in plain daylight, to think about the two of us undressing the other, I lose all ability to breathe. I can’t allow myself to continue, can’t picture the two of us walking to my bed and lying there. It makes every inch of my body shiver, my legs go weak and my head spin. I can feel heat boiling down my abdomen, my body reacting and yet all the alarms ringing inside my head. And despite spending hours trying to understand each symptom, I can’t seem to figure it out.
“God, Sherlock, I…”
“Beside, we both have a plane to catch.” John remaked.
"I thought we established that neither of us is good at... this," Sherlock replies, waving his hand between them.
“We’re here.”
Sherlock nods, pouring himself a glass of orange juice.
“Come upstairs,” John says, deciding here and now he might also be too tired to think properly. “We’ll deal with this tomorrow.”
“Sherlock,” he replies, not sure what else to say exactly.
“It would have been not good, yes,” John says, careful. “But you didn’t do it. The thoughts crossed my mind too and I didn’t, because I wanted to kiss you for real. And I’m sure that’s what stopped you too.”
John puts the costume on top of his clothes quickly, putting his coat back on and placing the mask in his pocket. It’s not as if he was going draw any attention, especially tonight, but still.
Sherlock stares at him for another minute, his entire face relaxing as he replies, "I just... wasn't sure you knew I was awake when you... told me."
"Isn't it what we do best?" Sherlock asks, taking John by surprise. "Don't look at me like that. I'm simply pointing out facts, isn't it what you're trying to do?"
John bursts into full laughter, his entire body shaking with it, and
See you tomorrow,
“I had to improvise,” Sherlock says. “But I made it work.”
(020) XXXX XX32
Sherlock,
Sherlock raises an questioning eyebrow.
John chuckles, quickly joined by Sherlock only to watch his smile turn into something much too sad all the sudden.
Sherlock's fingers find his chest again, his lips kissing his shoulder blade, and if it makes it difficult to properly undress him, John doesn't say anything. Another minute of fumbling and they're both in their pants only, staring at each other, breathless.
“I know enough,” he replies, breath catching. “I know that I can’t stop thinking about kissing you, I know that you somehow just cured me of my limp, I know that I haven’t felt this alive in a long time.”
“Oh fuck,” John curses, moving faster, thrusting harder, panting closer and closer to his mouth, and the moment Sherlock sees him glance down to his lips, his pleasure explode.
to read his own words
XX67:
“Oh,” John breathes, eyes widening.
John shakes his head, bright hope blooming on his face as he says ever so softly, "I don't think it's ever too late to tell you just how madly I am in love with you, Sherlock Holmes."
"Shhh, I need to focus."
“Hey,” he says, soft, “what is it?”
Sherlock initiates the first brush, unable to wait any longer.
“What are you doing?”
XX67: You don’t have to say anything. I was just- I only meant to - (
"He wanted you to react, to punch him, so that it will comprise the arrest and make it impossible for Lestrade to keep him in detention tonight," Sherlock explains, putting his phone down to truly look at him. "Horsen likes to kill people, not violate them."
“That’ll be perfect.”
John doesn’t say a word when he gets up, puts his coat back on and kisses Rosie softly, “I’ll let myself out. I’m sorry to have dropped this all on you like this. I had practiced something a bit more… nice, but yeah.”
“Enjoy your evening,” John replies, adding just a little more pressure to the handshake than necessary.
Matthew sighs, the arm still around Sherlock's waist bringing him closer if possible, "Yes. I was worried sick. He didn't reply to any of my messages and when he finally did, that's when we agreed to meet. I needed to make sure, in person I mean, that he was all right."
Only you, Sherlock, can know what went through your head that night. The same train of thought kept me awake too, all those years ago. But it appears that the events of the day that followed differed in each of our reality.
"But?"
A car passing through the street startles him, and John looks back down at his closed suitcase, and then the clock on the bedside table.
What I’m going to ask is not easy, and it will probably take you some time, but I promise that it’s the best solution you have. Here it is, John: you need to tell him. Everyting. Every single secret you kept to yourself, all the things no one else knows about, you tell him.
“Jea-” Sherlock inhales sharply. “Jealousy.”
Neither do I.
Sherlock shrugs, already walking to the bathroom and John takes a deep breath before climbing the stairs to his room two by two. He finds the sheets clean (thank you Mrs Hudson) and even some towels on the chair. For a moment, he wonders if Sherlock had asked Mrs Hudson to keep the room ready in case he came by, and the thought makes John want to rush back downstairs and hold Sherlock for years and years.
"Am I that obvious?" John smiles, letting their hands break apart once again.
John. I’ve never allowed
John shifts closer.
John.
To think now that it might all be possible is making it hard to breathe.
“Nothing.” He doesn’t look away, swallowing slowly. “Are you finished?”
Sherlock nods, taking a step toward him, “I assume you’ve come by the house already.”
“Anything planned for tomorrow?” John asks, refusing to simply watch in silence as Sherlock gets into his bed.
John holds back a sigh of surprise.
He leaves the clinic at exactly six pm, deciding a cab will be faster than the subway. He checks his phone a dozen times, open a new text message twice without ever typing anything before finally pocketing it again. Leg bouncing, he watches the building blurring away, teeth worrying at his lower lips. Another eternity passes before the cabbie finally parks in front of Baker Street and John is out in a matter of seconds.
"You didn't wait for the signal," he declares, looking up at him with a victorious smile.
Sherlock doesn't move, and John stops when he's close enough to discern his profile. Yes, he smiles, staring at the stars. They remain silent for what could be hours, but John knows barely a few minutes pass before his lets his voice fill the air, "Why didn't you tell me?"
Sherlock's eyes find his again, frowning, "Obviously."
“I know.”
XX32: That’s alright. Forget about it. We have time, all the time in the world.
He walks out of the cafetaria, laughing at one last half-yelled “John”.
This Sherlock just belongs there.
Sherlock nods quickly, obviously bracing himself for it again, and John makes sure to only brush his prostate softly. Which turns out to be enough considering Sherlock’s still loud reaction. He adds a third finger soon after that, Sherlock still lost in pleasure. He doesn't aim for his prostate each time, and a little game settles between them, Sherlock trying to deduce when John will push his finger deep enough to tease at it again. They end up chuckling together when Sherlock is the one to rock back each time, cheating.
Sherlock shakes his head, his focus already back on his hives, and John swallows back the bitter taste of disappointment. Never mind breakfast. They're going to look at an old crime scene in just a hour, a cold case Sherlock was certain he could solve if only Montgomery agreed to let them in the victim's flat. John had been surprised at Sherlock's insistence to follow procedure, but he hasn't said anything. He isn't going to complain now that Sherlock is making sure someone knows where he is and what he's doing. Still, this crime scene means that they'll get a taste of what they used to be,
co.uk
Sherlock.
, John tells himself with a determined sigh, and he begins to empty his suitcase, placing his clothes in the wardrobe carefully. He can hear Sherlock walking around downstairs, and for a moment he’s back in Baker Street, unpacking his stuff in the upstairs bedroom all while wondering who his new flatmate is exactly.
John groaned softly and stretched out his feet. The hours spent in the military airplane from Kandahar to Frankfurt really hadn’t been easy on the muscles in his neck. An ache was slowly but surely manifesting itself just a bit to the right of his spine. With a few rolling motions he tried to keep it at bay as he sat down on one of the spots next to the gate his flight home would be leaving from. His big military backpack had to be checked in but even with just a small bag and his fatigues on, he pulled every passenger’s attention towards himself.
Sherlock glances back up at him, another shade of red taking over his cheeks, “You’ve wondered if I’ve experienced erections.”
) He explained that scientist and astronauts found an anomaly in space and manage to make contact with other realities. Apparently, people can now talk to their other self thanks to organisations. I take it this other me, and you, did just that.
“Come here then.”
“No, thank you, just had some.”
XX67: Maybe it’s not.
Sherlock slowed his pace, the man now next to him, “Afghanistan it is then.”
Maybe he forgot.
myself, that I’m glad
The door is being pushed open, Victor stepping in, “Hi, I got out much earlier than planned, so I thought I’ll come by.
“Do you think something’s happened to him at the station?” Quentin finally ends up asking, the question having obviously turned him even more worried.
Sorry I've missed yesterday chapter!
John tilts his head, brushing their mouths together softly, “I have no idea myself. I’ve been thinking about this too, you know, more than anyone should really. But it doesn’t change the fact that I’m bloody scared of what is going to happen once we’re in your bed.”
John does so, stroking Sherlock’s temple with both thumbs, “Alright?”
Yeah, right. But this one…(
"I'll get everything ready upstairs, and then wait for you to join me. All right?"
“They’re us. We wouldn’t do it, so they probably aren’t either.”
Warmth, again, taking all the place inside Sherlock’s chest, “Yes. More than alright.”
I want to tell you too.
“Come along” John smiled and waved the two key cards in front of Sherlock’s face. “Up to the room. I’d really like a shower and then I think I want to look at the small Christmas party, even if it’s just for the food. Do you want to come along?”
Sherlock slides into bed as quietly as he can, John’s sleeping figure barely percible in the dark room. He remains on his side of the bed, knowing the feeling of his still too cold body will only wake John up. He looks at him instead, eyes getting used to the darkness. John’s hair are growing longer and longer, causing him to curse every morning by the mirror and yet, never taking an appointment to cut them. Sherlock doesn’t tell him he prefers him this way. He’s pretty sure John already knows.
John risks another glance back, finding Quentin and Timothy lost in a kiss, and he smiles, wondering how and when Sherlock became so invested in other people.
He should have gone, no matter the flirting.
"But it's happening," Sherlock breathes, almost in wonder.
Sherlock walks to the table, gathering papers and books, “We should make room for what he’ll bring back with him.”
“And with all this, you should be able to make your point without any chance of any lawyer finding flaws.”
They don't talk much after that, Sherlock looking at every piece of furniture, every painting, every object in silence. John follows closely, realising only long minutes afterward that he's now stroking Sherlock's palm with his thumb slowly, and a gentle squeeze when he stops makes him smile like a bloody teenager on a first date. He resumes the stroking absently, focusing on what Sherlock is rambling about, more to himself than to him anyway.
“A talker?” Sherlock repeated, gazing back at John for a second.
"John," Sherlock moans, hips rocking into the void.
"Ready?" He asks, unable to stop himself from letting his eyes detail all of Sherlock's figure.
Sherlock barely has the time to get to his feet himself when he hears someone clear his throat behind him, “I guess I was that obvious, then.”
John leans in for another kiss before heading back to the kitchen. He stops in front of the calendar hanging by the front door and crosses out today’s date.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, staring into John’s eyes and wondering if right now is a good time to kiss him again.
"Is that him?" Arnold asks, the deduction easy considering Sherlock is focused on his own phone. John nods, having lost interest on the conversation already.
I found a picture under the lath. The other me said it was probably the proof I’ve been waiting for this entire time. He’s right, obviously.
Sherlock slides his hand up and down John’s back, covered with sweat, their breath ragged in the quiet room. He holds on to his shoulders, staring up into those burning eyes, and feeling the sweet breaches of John’s thrusts into his body. He spreads his legs wider, loves this wonderful man harder.
“Decided to come down after all?” John smiled after Sherlock had sat in the chair facing his.
“And so, without warning, the kid just starts yelling bloody murder in the waiting room. I swear, Jeanny at the desk threw her files in the air, probably thinking he was actually being murdered!”
Sorry this took so long...
“Would you play some more?” John asks, whispering.
After choosing Lestrade as his best man, John had the pleasure of listening to him talk about all the possible ways that the day could go. Surprisingly - or not - Sherlock had chosen Mycroft as his best man. Meetings at Baker Street to plan the wedding had been something, that much was certain. But still, they had managed to organise the whole thing so that it would be a perfect reflection of themselves. The venue was a simple one, the guest list composed of close friends and family only and the party in one of Mycroft’s estates in the countryside. Really, John couldn’t have dreamt of anything more perfect. At least, if he managed to get there in time.
“Sorry,” Sherlock replies, and he realises now he’s shaking too. When had it gone so cold?
“I’m probably going to start writing down yesterday’s case,” John says. “I still can’t believe they spent all those years growing up together, even living together, and never said a word about their feelings.”
John.
"I have an idea," John murmurs, using both hands to encourage Sherlock to look back at him. "Can I try?" Sherlock nods, eyes half closed. "I want you to think about all the times you wanted me, wanted to kiss me or touch me, all the times you wondered what sex with me would be like."
Let’s begin this letter with what you’ve probably been obsessing about since the first one (don’t try to deny it, I would have too): yes, I’m married to John Watson. We’ve been married for twenty-seven years now, but I’m not here to talk about that.
“Yes! Sherlock is certain he’ll be able to clear me tomorrow,” Victor says. “I only need to get him on more paper from the bank and it’s done.”
John chuckled softly. He wasn’t sure what he had gotten himself into but it promised to be a lot more entertaining than sitting at a closed gate. He took a look at the other, obviously not being able to tell nearly as much just by the outer appearance of someone.
XX32: Oh.
“It took me hours to read the first one you gave me. It just felt unreal.”
, he could have done something and John might have said
“Sex with you?”
“It’s been hours,” John continues, an edge of anger in his voice now. “Surely you know what caused it by now?”
. John gives up on writing down the case, picking up a new book instead and letting his imagination take him somewhere else. Sherlock doesn’t move much from his chair, writing and writing. Night is falling by the time John finishes his book, closing it with a content sigh and looking up to find Sherlock just as engrossed in his notes than hours ago.
Sherlock.
“I’m pleased you liked them,” Sherlock replies, throat dry.
“How’s Rosie?”
“What if it’s a very important question?” John teases, fingers sliding up and down his chest.
“I think I understand what you mean,” Sherlock replies.
"Yes," John pants, "yes, yes."
John looks back at him, focusing on the safe parts of his body, “And clearly you’re way too tired right now.”
(020) XXXX XX67
“Nicer?” Sherlock repeated, frowning at the mere thought.
you tell me later what’s
the only reason I stopped
“I don’t agree,” John begins. “We’re not too old, far from it even. Christ, you barely have any wrinkles,” he laughs, the sound filling Sherlock’s head and infiltrating the chaos there. “We both have two legs that can carry us wherever we want, whenever we want. We both have clear minds and strong hearts allowing us to continue to fight stupidity once again.”
) This one feels almost too close.
“Sherlock, is that a way to greet your mother?”
"Sounds like a plan." They stare at each other, not moving, and John can't do anything to stop the words from spilling out again, "I love you." He watches as Sherlock's eyes light up with something so very bright and it takes all the strength within him not to kiss him right now. "Let's go," he says instead, getting back up. "You really don't want Rosie to find us this way. Again."
“I thought I’ll come by and see if you want to have lunch,” Sherlock says, stopping by his desk and leaning down for a kiss.
co.uk
“In your top drawer,” Sherlock cuts him.
“Good morning Mr. Holmes,” Thomas adds, but Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on John, and John can’t seem to look away either. “Mr. Watson was saying he’s gonna tell me stories too!”
"Stop lying," John breathes, voice trembling.
John begins to worry, moving around the few people actually listening. He heads for the bar first, looking for a better spot to the whole room. He searches for a long moment, studying every corner while trying not to worry yet. But when he both checks the restroom and the terrasse, worries force its way inside. He reaches for his phone, already mentally going through all the possible scenario. He finds himself sighing in relief when he sees an unread text from Sherlock, hurrying up to open it.
No, not at all. I just
Sherlock is still staring at the flowers a full five minutes later when he remembers what he did with the vase a few years ago.
"Matt," Sherlock breathes, his name like a warning.
It seems like it’s been a while since you two worked a case. Everything alright?
He turns Sherlock’s pillow around, just in case, and gets to his feet. The flat is silent. With no signs of life anywhere, he sends a quick text to Sherlock, inquiring about his whereabouts and reminding him he’ll be at the clinic all day. He doesn’t get an answer until he’s almost out of the flat, Gone to Bart’s, calming down the little part of John’s brain which has been stupidly worried so far.
“Don’t know,” John replies, having wondered the same thing all too much today.
"I had no right to be mad at you in the first place," John replies immediately. "You know what I had been doing back then. Our marriage was over, that's a fact. I didn't love her anymore, and only stayed for Rosie. I was too afraid of what she could do to leave. But I think her past would have caught up with her no matter what."
“Is that… was that-”
“It’ll sound pathetic,” John warns.
"I don't know," John sighs. "When I first sat in front of her again, Ella called me an idiot. I think I laughed, but she wasn't trying to be funny. In just fifteen minutes, she put in very simple words everything she had been trying to make me say, make me realise on my own." John stops, staring back at Sherlock, a knot forming inside his chest. "She said you came to see her too."
“Wait- What?”
"I think she would have done something, yes. She did end up bringing us apart slowly, and I've come to believe she enjoyed it," John says, having spent too many hours in the dark thinking about this already. "But it wouldn't have mattered, we would have faced her together."
“Over,” Sherlock finds himself whispering to the silent room. He closes his eyes, falling back onto the bed and exhaling loudly. What is this other Sherlock and John’s plan? Makes it even harder to think about all that could have been. Because, clearly, there is no need for such thing. Sherlock is well too aware that there had been a time where maybe,
Soon only their breathing is filling the room, and Sherlock isn’t sure he’ll ever be able to speak again, or move for that matter. With so much to feel, so much to catalogue all of the sudden, he knows for a fact he might need years to remember the exact feeling of John’s ankle against his own. He does his best not to move, not to disturb the fragile arrangement they came up with that it takes him another full minute to notice John is talking.
“I brought your letter.”
you, John. Of that much I’m certain. I want to hold you back when you’re kissing me, make sure you won’t ever pull away. I want to let my hands slide down your back and settle there, on you, around you. You belong pressed against me, nowhere else. Watching you leave every evening, knowing you’ll be sleeping in a bed that’s not mine makes me boil with jealousy. Can you imagine, being jealous of sheets and pillows?
"I... I don't understand," Sherlock replies, his voice trembling.
"Sherlock, if this is about-"
“No, I leave that to you, but I do have a bit of experience with post-coital people.” John smiled, feeling incredibly content that Sherlock hadn’t sprung up immediately after coming back to his senses. He had no idea how long it would stay like this but he was determined to enjoy it as long as possible.
"You’re not so bad."
John glances at him, "It can wait but-"
“Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes.” He replied before turning away. Somehow, John’s stare was making Sherlock more uncomfortable than he had thought. Better to focus on his case again.
And here I am with the bonus chapter, and the Mature rating. It didn't felt right to write something very explicit, and I hope you'll like this bonus chapter just as much as I enjoyed writing it.
“And you’re staying? Like
Sherlock nods once, eyes following John’s tongue as it wets his lower lips.
You kept your trauma for last in your own letter, and even if I won’t ever understand what you’ve been through along the way, I feel that it’s only fair to let go of some of my own, too. You’ve asked, many times, about what happened during the two years I was away, and I’ve never really answered your question the way I should have. But you surely know it best - trauma isn’t something you can talk about easily, but I am going to try, for you. I’m not sure where to start, what to choose from, so this is probably going to end up being messy and unorganised, and I apologize in advance.
Sherlock nods, unable to formulate any coherent sentence that wouldn’t involve the three different shades of blue in John’s eyes.
"Yeah, sure, sorry," John finds himself apologizing again, and it takes them another second or two before he remembers he needs to move out of the way for Sherlock to get in. "Go ahead."
“Why?”
John packs his suitcase on a Friday.
"Mycroft, there was a time you would have sent a text," he declares as a reply, seeing Mycroft's smile over the phone.
He walks to his bedroom instead, picking up pen and journal and writing down quickly,
John gives him a sharp nod before moving quickly to his bedside table and retrieving some lube. Sherlock watches, eyes wide and breath short, his erection growing harder at the sight of John pouring some on his fingers. He licks his lips, John’s hand moving up and down his own erection, lubing it quickly but efficiently, and Sherlock can’t help but wonder if he’s feeling just as eager. He gets ready for the cold sensation to come and yet jumps in surprise at the feeling of John’s finger against his perineum. John kisses his knee softly, moving his finger lower and lower until he’s massaging his entrance.
Sherlock doesn't reply, doesn't lie, and John thanks him silently.
“So, you don’t hate it anymore?”
Sherlock whimpered and pushed his body upward again as he took hold of his own throbbing cock, knowing too well John would love to see him touch himself while riding his cock. He didn’t try to hold back any of his moans, the room already filled with the obscene of their bodies slamming together. Sherlock stroke himself quickly, his hand wet with sweat and precome. He made sure to look at John while he brought himself off, knowing his orgasm would send John over the edge himself and Sherlock wanted to engrave John’s face as he came into his memory into his memory.
Goodnight, John.
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock repeats, taking John’s place in the bathroom.
"Clever," he comments, looking down too.
“Now?”
“I always knew you’d get some one day,” John says, memories of the numerous books about apiology standing on their shelf in 221B rushing back to him. “Are you producing honey?”
Innerly John screamed triumphantly. The compliments were working and perhaps with a bit of adrenalin he could get a nice flirt out of the other while they were waiting for their plane. Ah, the plane or more the currently least interesting thing on John’s mind. Going home for Christmas suddenly seemed so dull in comparison to what they were up to at the moment.
Walking back to the bar, John spots Sherlock and Matthew in the far end of the club, attached to each other again. If his jealousy had been hard to contain before, it is now impossible to control with the taste of Sherlock's lips still so vivid. He sits down, remembering not to make himself noticed, and orders some water without looking away from where Sherlock is.
Sherlock nods, having fallen silent now, and John slowly walks them toward the sofa. Better than asking for the way to Sherlock’s bed, at least here they’ll remain in control. “Do you prefer to lie down first or should I?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, a small laugh escaping him as he pulls John down for another kiss. It’s only the sound of his phone coming from the sitting room that brings them apart, the moan only serving to make the two of them laugh again, and John breathes against his lips, “We should send her a photo, don’t you think?”
bathroom???
“I invented the job,” Sherlock felt the urge to explain, “I help the police whenever they need, and I’m on the verge of catching an international murderer, along with his secret organization.”
. “It appears so, yes.” He replies, congratulating himself on how neutral he managed to sound.
“Quentin asked us to find you,” Sherlock replies in his place. “Actually, he asks the police first, but they believed you had just ran away, which you did.”
“I’d like to avoid being arrested.” John explained, nodding at the three policemen walking towards them. “So yes, nicer.”
But, as usual, you’re right. We’ve always been better at putting thoughts into words than speaking them out loud. I almost believe that those other versions of ourselves wrote us those letter to push us to do the same. If their reasons are still somewhat unclear, I’m beginning to think that was their purpose all along, getting us talking.
Sherlock rises from his chair, hating the small shudder in John’s shoulder as he finishes his story. He goes to stand behind him, sliding both arms around his waist and bringing their body close. John relaxes a little, letting his head fall back to his shoulder and sighing. Sherlock turns his head to kiss his neck softly, blowing on the wet patch afterwards. John shivers in his arms, chuckling.
97%, Sherlock Holmes, male, 36.
This time Sherlock doesn’t care if he’s grinning like most of these idiots he encountered before as he finally types his reply,
“Next… Hmmm, we could watch all the Bond movies; you said you would, remember?”
“In their case,” Sherlock mumbles, turning the liquor in his glass.
“Better fall asleep now before we get cold again,” John continues, and small talk had never, ever been more tedious than in this very instant. “Goodnight.”
And now, while his suspect was finally in the same building as him, a bit of snow was going to ruin all of Sherlock’s hard labour.
"I didn't bloody care about my engagement," John asserts. "I should have put an end to it all sooner, when I realised I would never love her the way I love you, that I would never care for her the way I care for you. For god’s sake, she shot you Sherlock. For a minute there, you were dead. You died and she didn’t apologized, never.” He closes his eyes, breathing out deeply. “You've always been the one person I imagined myself growing old with, Sherlock." Sherlock remains silent, watching him closely for several seconds. "I hope you'll find a way to forgive me, one day."
It only takes a bit of manoeuvring before Sherlock is the one lying beneath him, and John doesn’t have to ask if this is better when he feels Sherlock’s entire body relax under his. He smiles, leaning down for another kiss, and this time Sherlock gives in entirely. Comfort over control, John thinks as he feels one of Sherlock’s hands slide up and down his back. The exchange not having affected either of their arousal, John lowers himself just enough to brush their trapped erections together.
Alright. Bye.
Without meaning to,
Sherlock opens his mouth. Not a sound comes out.
John dives in for another kiss, knowing he’s nearly there himself and needs to taste Sherlock’s orgasm directly from his lips. Another hard rock of his hips and Sherlock is coming, spilling between their bodies without John having to touch him. His orgasm seems to be lasting forever, John’s name filling the room. And with the added pressure of Sherlock’s compulsing muscles, John finds his own release deep inside him, still thrusting in and out until his entire body gives up on him.
Their appetizer came, giving John some time to think of how to say what he wanted to tell Sherlock next.
I’m going out with Rosie and thought I could come by. Are you home?
XX67: And… And you sleep in my bed.
Refusing to let himself over think it all once more, Sherlock gets to his feet immediately. He was going to go home, lie down in John's bed and face the consequences of all they still have to tell each other. Toby is already running ahead of him, stopping here and there to wait for him, and the moment the house is in sight, Sherlock feels his entire body suddenly ache for John's touch. He fumbles with his keys, teeth grazing at his lower lip with worry until he finally manages to get the door open. Only silence welcomes him in, and he closes it carefully behind him, removing his coat and shoes just as silently. Toby is heading for the kitchen but Sherlock's head is already somewhere else entirely, each step he climbs to John's room making it harder and harder to breathe.
And yes, there was a time when I think they almost gave up too.
“After that, I trust you to know what to do.”
I never wanted to kiss him.
The entire journey back home - train first, cab then - isn’t spent in silence this time. Sherlock, being his usual self, talks and talks about each clues that lead him to his conclusion, with John listening avidely. 221b feels like well deserve rewards after spending too much time travelling. Too lazy to do anything, John orders take away for dinner, eating mostly alone while Sherlock starts yet another experiment.
John continues to rock slowly against him, the feeling of both Sherlock’s erection against his and the sounds filling the room adding more and more to his pleasure. He brings Sherlock’s mouth back to his, swallowing down each moans, gasps and cries. Keeping one hand pressed against Sherlock’s pounding heart, John slides the other up and up until he can thread each fingers through his curls.
10:17 Google
“Please,” Sherlock replies.
Sherlock's eyes find his, "No."
They don't say much for the rest of the ride. Sherlock seems lost in his own thoughts, and John wonders if he's analysing the way he reacted to his announcement. Is he trying to figure out why John hadn't protested more. Maybe he should said something instead of letting Sherlock work it all out so soon. John glances back him, teeth working on his lower lips as he tries to think of something to say. Anything really that wouldn't ruin his chance to let this holiday be the last step towards more.
XX67: I am not a child, John.
“Goodnight, sweetheart,” John says, going to kiss her.
"Shhh," he whispers. "We don't have to talk about this now. It's over, she's gone and we're here. I truly believe the best thing to do now is move forward and try to let what happened or could have happened stay in the past. Don't you think?"
Of course I don’t mind.
time tonight, thank you
For the second time in two days, John wakes up with a startle. “What?”
“I don’t give up on books John, I read them.”
He sees from the corner of his eyes Sherlock looking down at the floor as he closes the door.
Sherlock nods, already sliding both hands down John's back and onto his arse. John smiles against his lips, starting to rock against him again and pulling one of Sherlock's legs up and around his waist, "Easier," he breathes.
Writing to you in the middle of the night is rapidly becoming a habit, you know. I really should be sleeping, Rosie always wakes up at sunrise, but I know I’ll probably be waking up much earlier, knowing I’ll be spending the day with you. Now is probably a good time to tell you that you were absolutely right all those years ago, and so I won’t apologize for how romantic this letter is going to sound like. I stand by each and every word I’m going to write down, and you should also know that I’m looking forward to telling them all out loud too.
"Why would I?" John asks, repressing an amused laugh.
He remains there, looking at the garden he’s slowly learning to love, and thinking about the days that just passed. The tension that had filled them both during lunch that first day had dissipated during the afternoon, Sherlock going about his usual business while John had tried to help without getting in his way. In the end, they had both went to the local store, Sherlock remaining mostly silent as John filled their trolley, but it had felt good just to have him there. Sherlock had skipped dinner that day, and John hadn’t said anything, eating on his own in the garden while watching him attend to his hives. Strangely, he hadn’t felt alone a single instant, sitting there with all the other chairs empty. He had slept perfectly that night, a quiet night without any nightmares or insomnia to disturb him, and he had woken up long after Sherlock did.
“It’s not,” he says. “Ridiculous I mean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can’t be here, sir.” One of the security guard practically yelled at him, already reaching for Sherlock’s arm to take him away.
Alright?
"No," he breathes, head spinning with the realisation of what he's doing. What the hell is he playing at? What is he even doing here? He has no right, absolutely no right to compromise Sherlock's relationship. Sherlock is allowed to feel this way, to smile like that and it's only John's fault if the smile in question is not directed at some other man than him.
“Not your brightest idea, John,” Sherlock says, cursing himself right after.
time.
In the end, when John finally broke the silence, it was to surprise Sherlock one more time. “So, what are your plans for Christmas?”
I think it’ll be better for you
“No,” John stops him, grabbing his arm and making him turn around before taking a step backward. “Shit. Sorry, I didn’t meant to- Fuck.”
idiot after all.
“-That there was something more than just a client looking for his best friend. First of all, Quentin’s whole attitude was too much for just a friend, then there was the pictures - just the two of you, at home or traveling, even in each of your bedroom. Finally, there was you,” Sherlock says, pointing to Timothy.
“You said you love me,” Sherlock whispers. “And you called me love, twice.”
This is by far the hardest thing I’ve ever done, and I joined the bloody army, so I’m not going to linger much. I’m following the advice of another me, and even though there is a good chance you’ve already deduced what I’m about to say, know that these are the things I’ve kept to myself only all this time. Secrets I’ve never shared, ones that I’m about to tell you now:
“Sherlock, are you listening to me?” John asks, forcing Sherlock to once again focus back on what he’s saying.
John kisses at his hip bone and much lower, teasing with barely a few kisses on his erection, never moving to take it inside his mouth, and Sherlock thanks him silently. He’s not sure he would have been able to restrain himself from spending himself in that mouth, and he needs more right now, needs to be connected to John in the most intimate of way. It doesn’t stop him from shaking with anticipation when John’s hands part his legs wider, or even breathing out deeply when he realises how exposed he now is.
John lets his own closed, bringing their lips together in a ghost of a kiss, barely a caress sending chills down his spine. Sherlock breathes out, loud, against his skin. John can feel his smile the next time he leans in, pushing more firmly against his mouth and earning a quiet moan in return. He pulls away, just far enough to be able to feel that one second when he goes back for more, absolutely certain that Sherlock will be there to give it to him.
"Some people like order," Sherlock simply says, now removing the painting. "Others chaos."
Just read it and then do
“New case?”
kisses Sherlock Holmes.
I know I didn’t reply to your
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t want to,” Sherlock replies, ever so honest.
Matthew emits a groan, struggling under John. "Don't move."
Sherlock closes his eyes, already feeling overwhelmed, "I'm old, John. I'm far from being bea-"
He slips under the cover barely fifteen minutes later, letting the realisation that this is now
“Yes, of all the things you could do while stuck here for the next few days.”
Arnold gives him a bright smile, leading him out in the middle of the crowd and pulling him closer. "Let's dance then." John breathes out deeply when he feels one of Arnold's hands settle on his waist, the other high on his back, fingers brushing his nape. "You tell me if I go too far."
"What we did," John corrects him. Sherlock smiles, fingers falling back to the sofa. "I'm sorry I married her."
I’ll try to… Yes,
John lets out a small laugh after another second or two, finding it hard not to lean down and kiss him again, “Better?”
Not yet.
"I know," Sherlock breathes against his lips. "I want you."
I will do no such thing.
“Don’t,” John cuts him off. “No matter what those habits are, I’d like to discover them myself, if that’s alright with you.”
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed out, pressing their lips together one more time. “Yes.”
Laughing softly, John puts his phone back in his pocket, watching Sherlock do the same. Having no idea how long he's gonna have to wait here, he goes to sit at the far end of the bar where he's certain he won't be disturbed. Knowing he won't be able to stare at Matthew and Sherlock constantly or he'll do something stupid, John settles for a game on his phone, glancing up now and then to make sure they haven't gone anywhere. Forty minutes goes by before he receives another text, warning him that they're leaving, and John is already up and ready when he catches Sherlock small nod in his direction.
I meant to say
, the thinks, unable to form any words.
John takes a first step towards the alley, the now complete silence sending him on the edge. He places a hand on his mouth, focusing on what might be happening, on each little sound and a sudden loud noise makes his heart stop. Not hesitating another second, he barges in to find Sherlock holding Matthew to the ground, a syringe in one hand and the other on Matthew's head.
“Good morning sweetheart,” he smiles as soon as he sees her. “Time to get up.” Rosie reaches for his shirt immediately, tugging a few times, still rambling. “I know, breakfast.”
XX67: I said you didn’t have to read the letter, John. I meant it.
“Alright,” Sherlock finally says, not looking away.
“Then I guess I’m gonna head there, fill your kitchen with some food.”
“His briefcase?” John frowned.
“Don’t you know already?”
Please tell me you’ve remembered to eat.
“You too.” Sherlock replied. “Goodbye John.”
“If it’s any consolation, I was nearly there myself,” John laughs.
“Fuck,” he swears, becoming suddenly aware of his current position and standing up. “Fuck.”
10:17 Google Sussex, Yellow Garden - Google search
) Yes. It’s a lot to take in, and yes, it was a shock to read it all. But that doesn’t mean it’s a bad thing.
“I am not going to ask how you manage to have a table so quickly,” John says, smiling.
"We heard, yes," John replies, walking to gather her into his arms. "What a nice surprise, sweetheart."
“Good,” John says, doing just that. “Because I don’t plan on stopping any time soon.”
“Of course you did,” Tom laughs. “Well done, mate!”
“Tell about the best memory you have of your teenage years,” he says, elbow on the table and his head in his hands.
They are a beautiful, messy mix of lambs and breath and heart He doesn’t care, doesn’t want his own body back. John can have it, all of him, every pieces and scars and secrets. Sherlock gave them all up to him a lifetime ago, during quiet evenings spent in their chairs or hours spent running around London. This, right now, their bodies slamming together in a melody Sherlock can never fully understand, this is all that matters.
Don’t you ever wish you could just go back to that day?
Do you believe him?
I wish you didn’t have
John searches the internet quickly, “Yes, Millennium Square.”
Their first Valentine’s Day together goes completely unnoticed.
Another letter came yesterday. This time there’s a second one, for you. I understand if you don’t want to hear about it; I nearly gave up myself. But you know me, curiosity has always been a default of mine.
"Batman," John says, knowing perfectly Sherlock has no idea who that is.
It took work, a lot of work, and we only manage to survive as a couple because
- Letter read in the middle of the night -
"Yours too," John replies, barely repressing a shiver.
you can tell me anything,
I'm probably going to post a short epilogue sometime next week!
Forcing himself to put his phone back in his pocket before getting too emotional, another consequence of his old age apparently, Sherlock focuses back on Toby who has found their favorite bench. “Tired already,” Sherlock smiles as he sits down, slipping both hands inside his pockets and enjoying the calming view. He tries to come here every morning, just to watch the sea and let the silence fill both the air and his head. He had found this spot right after moving in, a year before getting Toby, and they both enjoyed the view ever since. It was rare to meet anyone here, and for just a second, every day, Sherlock forgets about the empty space next to him.
"I never thought you didn't," John replies, taking a step closer, unable to stop himself. "She knows your name, you know. Just this morning, she was searching for you." He smiles as Sherlock frowns at him. "Well, she calls you 'Lock, but I think it's a clear sign of how much I must be talking about you all the time."
of it, he puts on his coat and walks out of the flat.
Goodnight, Sherlock.
“Yes. If cases aren’t going to take us abroad, holidays will.”
“Thank you to everyone for coming, fucking fifty years, who would have thought I’d still be here.”
Sherlock licks his lips, staring down at John’s and desperately wanting to kiss him. “I’ve thought about this so many times, John, but I have no idea what I’m doing.”
“You were saying my name, Sherlock,” he says, making all of Sherlock shiver. “And it might sound insane, and I’m probably going to make a fool of myself in a second, but you were moaning my name and now I’m thinking it means something, something important and-”
Location
“Were you awake before me then?” John asks, moving away just enough for Sherlock to roll to his other side.
"When?" Lestrade asks.
“I don’t need to, we always do take away,” Sherlock remarks.
“Rules,” Sherlock snarled, “boring.”
Sherlock is the first out, quickly followed by Victor. After that, John is being left alone with nothing else but his vivid imagination.
"When?" John finds himself asking.
Don’t you think it’s funny, having them writing to us? Even through universes, we are better at putting words down than speaking them out. It’s just all so… funny.
"I know." He feels Sherlock's smile against his skin. "You don't have to answer."
Sherlock isn’t sure how they manage to land on the bed, but when John pushes him onto his back slowly, settling between his legs and kissing him more deeply, Sherlock hopes he will never get used to the feeling. Sliding his fingers down John’s back, he pulls away from the kiss only to pant against John’s lips, the feeling of their erections pressed together suddenly overwhelming, “John, I…”
Sherlock's eyes find his, "Seven months ago."
Sherlock shakes his head.
"Are you comfortable right now," John continues, "with the talking?"
"Yes."
He walks past his bedroom door, eyes fixed on the kitchen table, certain he could do it this morning, could just ignore it and just have one normal day. But there is a hole in his chest, ever expanding, and without bothering to repress a sigh, he goes back in, directly for the night stand. He checks, because really, who is he kidding, and it almost doesn’t hurt when Rosie’s picture appears on the screen. Just her picture.
of courage.
“John,” he moans, breath short.
“Earlier,” he says, “you said Timothy was trying to protect himself by leaving.”
“Madeleine owns the house for years, she used to be a chef but decided to open her own restaurant and chose this particular setting.” Sherlock gestures around the room. “In her own house. Only four table. Very private. Very good food.”
“Harder,” John says, pulling away and waiting for Sherlock to title his head back. “Not impossible.”
“Wouldn’t that be risky,” John whispers.
Sherlock frowns at him and John sighs, “Tom knew about how I felt about you.”
I have a question.
John drops his hand from his coat to his hand, waiting until he's looking back at him before saying, "Home."
Matthew is looking at the two of them back and forth, a frown forming between his eyes, "Wasn't I supposed to tell?" He asks in a whisper, most likely directed to Sherlock only, and John closes his eyes, wondering what the hell is happening exactly.
Sherlock is still staring when John stands up and before he can understand what is truly happening, they find themselves out and alone again. Loud cheering on the other side of the road make them both jump in surprise, and John clears his throat before saying, “You live far from here?” Sherlock shakes his head, not certain he can trust his voice right now. “I could walk you home, if you want.”
XX67: Noon.
Sherlock swallows slowly, nodding and turning towards the bed before John can read the worries on his face. They don’t exchange a word as they both settle into bed, John’s hands bringing him closer and closer until they’re pressed together, and Sherlock holds his breath.
, asks him what’s keeping him awake. He’s not sure he’s ready for the answer. “So, tea?”
This chapter hasn't been betaed yet.
Before you decide to throw this letter in the trash, because I know that’s what I would have done in your place, allow me to prove to you my identity. For starters, who else would have known you’ll notice the sudden cracking lath on your floor and immediately search for something underneath? Who else would have known that’s where you used to hide your secrets all those years ago?
His eyes drop to my lips and I can’t hold back the quiet whimper low in my throat. I’m not certain who moves first, but the second he’s kissing me, I forget about everything else entirely. I only realise now just how much I’ve been craving
John laughs again, "You have to be shitting me."
“No, that’s not… I just haven’t. Yet,” he adds.
“Get yourself moving, Watson,” John says to the silent room. “You’ve missed too many opportunities, time to stop.”
John licks his lower lips, finding it suddenly unbearable to just go to sleep.
"Ready?" She asks, putting her phone back in her pocket.
“We didn’t took care of the mattress situation.”
“Mr Holmes, Dr Watson,” Quentin greets them, waiting at the door. “Thank you for coming.”
“Anyway, we manage to secure the kid, the three of us. Turned out he had swallowed some drugs his parents were making in their flat, the bag must have ruptured inside his stomach while waiting. So yeah, not so funny in the end.”
“It?”
Sherlock eyes him carefully, “Yes.”
“Sherlock,” John pants between two more kisses, not moving away this time.
He knows exactly what he wants to do, but he’s not certain it’s what he should do. There was a time when he wouldn’t have hesitated a second, storming out of here and getting things done. But now, with memories of all that happened, all that could have been avoided, Sherlock has learned to think first and act second. And in this very moment, acting is probably the worse option.
The second time John wakes up, the sun is shining inside the room. He doesn’t move, his chest pressed to Sherlock’s back and it doesn’t take a genius to realise he’s still fast asleep. He doesn’t dare to move for a long moment, his nose buried in Sherlock’s curls and their chests rising together.
“Tell me,” John whispers.
John almost asks, the question having come in different forms inside his head for weeks now. And now, with Sherlock telling him that not altering their habits around each other, they are going to fool two of the most brilliant minds there is, well, of course he is going to be confused. If it at all seemed like an opportunity a few hours ago, now John isn’t so sure. How can any relationship be build on an act.
John slowly turns to face him.
“I’m not what Mycroft called me,” he finally says. “A virgin.”
XX32: Yes, I mean not in a b- (
“That was seconds ago, John, do keep up.”
John forces himself to breathe out slowly. He checks his suit one last time, hands shaking as he tightens his tie. He looks back at the road just in time to see Lestrade waving at them, pointing to an empty parking place just across the road. Harriet parks quickly and they get out to meet him.
Sherlock searches his eyes for a second, a smile blooming on his lips. John silently thanks you for the mentioning all the years that have passed since then.
Horsen lets out a small laugh, "Your jealousy is pathetic," he breathes, eyes fixed on Sherlock. "Watching the two of you earlier made it all oh so much better."
“You don’t have to,” Sherlock replies, watching as John opens his eyes again, looking directly at him.
"Yes," Sherlock breathes, fingers now exploring every inch of John's chest. "John, you are a marvel."
"Wait," he suddenly exclaims. "She's expecting us to be a couple, a family."
“Ready?” He asks, getting to his feet and following him to the small gate. Sherlock doesn’t say a word all the way to the bench where John first saw him, sitting down just as silently and staring at sea. John closes his eyes, knowing his own stare would be attracted more to Sherlock than he landscape anyway. He lets the presence of Sherlock next to him fill his every sense, making his head spin with something close to bright happiness.
John would have probably pitied him, or tried to understand how a man can be tortured in his own flat and no one found him until the smell was bad enough to pass through walls.
a new case comes in, ok?
Happy to oblige, John pushes deeper, setting a pace without ever searching for Sherlock's prostate yet. He waits for another long minute before placing a second finger against Sherlock's hole, not inside but there, giving him the time to adjust. It's only when Sherlock nods at him that he pushes it inside, stretching Sherlock with each thrust. He resumes kissing his thigh when he feels him tense just a little, trying to distract him from any pain, and slowly, Sherlock is rocking back on his fingers again.
“Obviously,” Sherlock finds himself saying, and at least, it’s making John smile again.
“Thank you, thank you! It’s already a lot. Can I have three tickets for the next train leaving for Leeds please.”
John, unable to stop smiling at this point, breathes, "Yours is so much more romantic."
Until then,
10:29
“I might already be,” Sherlock says, a blush blooming on his cheeks. “Seduced, I mean.”
Another chuckle earns John some more glaring. Clearing his throat, he gets closer to the current disaster, taking a quick look at the damages.
“John,” he breathes, already half panting.
Sherlock's entire body reacts at this, his hand suddenly wrapped around John's and his eyes searching John's face quickly, "No, no, that's not it at all."
"John?"
This is ridiculous. Beyond ridiculous even. Why am I even putting that much energy into this nonsense?
“It’s no problem really. And don’t worry about the hour, Sherlock knows where we hide the key. You two take your time.”
How can it be my handwriting? How can it be my handwriting? How can it b-
“John, even if you forget the rings on our wedding day, you are by far the most brilliant human being I  have ever had the incredible luck to meet.”
. He keeps his eyes shut, knowing he isn’t going to fool Sherlock anyway. He waits until he’s under the cover, dozen of questions on his lips but none getting out.
Someone has to be taking the piss?!
XX67: Do you want to read it?
"Shut up," John groans, breathing out deeply.
“Should we go now,” Victor offers. “Have a drink first?”
“Wait,” Sherlock breathes out after a while.
"Yes," John replies, unable to stop himself from kissing Sherlock's temple for a long moment. "It is." Sherlock remains where he is, unmoving. "When did you know?"
Sherlock looks back at him, “Not hungry.”
something but I just couldn’t
"I meant what I said the other day," John says, lowering their joined hands to the empty space between them. "I want to make it right this time. I've wasted too many opportunities, and I don't want to let this one go too."
“The usual,” John says, not wanting to linger on the subject. “I was looking at some mails we receive, and there’s one you need to see.”
“Be together?” John supplies, lips stretching into an even wider smile, Sherlock’s own smile lighting the entire room.
“I’m gonna go check on Rosie,” he says, finding it hard to walk away. “Then we can unpack.”
a very long time.
sleeping?
Sherlock had first heard of the Organization through the Yard’s files, more precisely during one of this dull and boring day when Lestrade didn’t trust him enough to let him investigate the crime scene. Sherlock had rapidly taken up the habit of going through unresolved case’s files, dozens of boxes stacked in the Yard’s underground proving that the Police really was in need of his help. Lestrade had first attempted to keep him out of the archive room, but he had soon realised it was useless to deny Sherlock any kind of distraction. Lestrade wasn’t actually that bad, even if Sherlock would never say it to his face. He had helped Sherlock during a tough time and not once treated Sherlock like a complete lunatic, despite the constant complaints from his men.
The words get stuck in his throat and his voice sounds hoarse even to his own ears when Sherlock finally manages to ask, “Of me?”
“That’s… I'd like that.”
“You,” Sherlock repeats. “With your ugly jumpers and your tendency to run after suspect and tackle them to the ground. Very distracting.”
They part, finally, and John forces both of their attention back to him, “Would you like some tea or coffee?”
“It’s barely ten, no one’s bloody hungry,” Montgomery remarks, reaching into his pocket for a cigarette, and Sherlock doesn’t miss the quick look John gives him. “Anyway, I can’t stay for long. Someone tried to break into the Blondeau’s shop.”
“John! John!”
John rolls his eyes, not daring to ask how Sherlock would describe Baker Street in a middle of a difficult case. He watches as Sherlock turns the painting around, letting out a small cry of victory as he takes out a needle hidden there. "Poison?"
“Why are you all the way over there?” John’s voice is raw with sleep, eyes still closed but his lips stretching into a smile. “Come over here.”
“I hate that I didn’t manage to be there after Sherlock… went away, and I don’t want to make the same mistake now.”
The cab stops just as Quentin is about to grab Sherlock’s arm and demand an answer. As usual, Sherlock is out first. John makes sure Quentin is able to stand and follow before heading after him. They find him already talking to a woman at one of the counter, and John suppresses a smile when he hears the high ton of Sherlock’s acting voice.
“I’ll be there in a minute.”
“Oh, knock yourself out.” Sherlock shrugged.
“What is it?”
“That’s…” Sherlock begins, clearing his throat as he looks away. “That’s not an issue.”
“Sherlock,” John gasped when they broke apart, “Tell me you want this.”
"See me?" John asks, unable to hide the bitterness in his voice.
“I feel like I’ve been apologising all evening,” John says after a moment, “but just one more time, I promise.” He glances at him, and Sherlock waits patiently. “I realise now that even if it meant you found me, this whole twitter business was maybe a bit too much. Harry convinced me to do it after I couldn’t stop talking about what happened; she’s actually the one who came up with what to say.”
Rosie fights him over the coat wearing, apparently not wanting to let a plain piece of clothing hide her still ever so fascinating dress. But John is already locked inside his own head, leaving her with just one sleeve on as he sits down on the sofa and lets out a loud sigh. "This is ridiculous," he whispers to the room, placing his head in his hands. How could he have thought this was a good plan. There was a high chance Sherlock wouldn't be home, and an even greater one he won't agree to even talk to him. No one simply knocks on the door for trick or treating after more than a month of complete silence and expects a positive response.
John stares at him, unable to hold back his laughter this time and Arnold joins him after a second. "Sorry," he says. "I'm terrible at this, always have been."
“The first morning after I slept here,” Sherlock replies, looking smug.
“Hi,” John replies, the two of them staring at each other.
Sherlock nods, “I’m sorry I didn’t say anything, but you weren’t talking about it so I wasn’t sure what to d-”
easier.
“Might not be,” Sherlock replies, breathing in deeply. “In this case.”
"No," John cuts him off. "I want to hear it, all of it. Everything you want to share."
Obviously.
Yes, but… I just need
this is something we can
“You’ve changed a lot since that last rehab,” Lestrade continues anyway. “And despite what everyone else thinks, I know you care about people. You deserve to know what it’s like to have someone who cares for you in their own special way.”
Sherlock catches the slight doubt in John’s voice, and he hurriedly smiles, nodding in agreement.
John licks his lips, “
My Sherlock has a complete different purpose than me when he writes his letters, and maybe that’s for the best. You and your Sherlock don’t need to be told the same things - not yet anyway.
“Yes, they sure do,” John smiles, remembering all the times Molly asked for Rosie to babysit them.
Sherlock nods, drinking in the sight of a relaxed John a little longer, “Yes.”
Lestrade glances at Sherlock, "You need to tell me if you did. I'd understand considering the situation. But if he claims that he's been maltreated during the arrest, he could-"
My name is Rosie Watson-Holmes, and I've been waiting for this day a very long time.
(See the end of the chapter for
He calmly but surely pushes away every pair of hands reaching for him, every chest being pressed to his back, and ensures that no one comes to invade his own space. Song after song, he lets himself forget about it all. Sweat is pearling on his forehead, his shirt and jacket sticking to his skin, but he doesn’t stop. He can’t stop, not until all thoughts of John are being pushed out of his head. First, his smile as he walked downstairs, already dressed perfectly. Then, his hands moving from newspaper to phone to clean dishes. Finally, his voice, quiet as he said goodbye. Slowly, letting John go, just for a whi-
“Yes.”
"Hesitant?" John asks.
) Close?
Sorry. I was reading.
It occurs to John that it might be harder than he thought to keep his promise.
13:12
“Yes,
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes," John says, breathing in slowly. "Is he here?"
The paper was made industrially, Fourdrinier machine (most commonly used). No current ways of linking this particular piece of paper to any industries in the city, country or world.
“Only if we get to stay in your bed-”
“While I’m honoured by you not punching me, for the second time today, I would rather concentrate on the chase after the criminal.” Sherlock quickly turned back to the CCTV and John would have bet that he had seen a faint blush creeping over those high cheekbones. It seemed like he could still have a chance. Flattery wasn’t that hard of a challenge after all.
“It might sound a bit ridiculous, but that’s something I’ve been wanting to do for quite some time.”
"Tonight."
“You are beautiful,” John says before really realising he’s doing so.
I can meet you at the park, if you prefer.
"Sure, it's over there."
Sherlock closes his eyes, his entire body shuddering. This is exactly why it had been so easy, because John knows. Always has. He knows and loves Sherlock so deeply that every touch of his hands and mouth and body makes it all so natural.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, continuing to sort his papers in piles.
And that’s a good thing?
Until later.
What does it say?
Feeling himself blush, he begins to retreat, taking back his hand from John’s, but John tugs him back in. “No,” he whispers. “Body heat.” Sherlock wants to laugh, wants to tell him he really doesn’t have to, but the words are a thorn inside his throat. “It’s perfectly normal,” John continues. “Closeness tends to do that to people.”
"Again," Sherlock demands.
Mrs Hudson is thrilled to keep an eye on Rosie again, and somehow John manages to escape more questions about the events of the night before. He climbs back up the stairs, heading directly for the living room and stopping once again by the sofa. "Scoot over," he says softly and it only takes a second before Sherlock is giving him the space to lie down. John smiles as Sherlock automatically snuggles closer, his face back against his neck, and John wraps himself around him quickly. "So, sulking?"
But now, as he watches Sherlock take care of his hives, glancing at him now and then, John can’t help but feel the knot in his chest tighten. He sighs, considering once more for a way to ask without letting Sherlock know that he had snuck into his room and made his own deductions. Because he couldn’t let himself believe that he was wrong, that the picture on Sherlock’s bedside table was just that, a picture. It has to hold more than just a cherished memory, more than a reminder of a moment shared over fifteen years ago.
"I don't mind."
“Then what is is?” John asks in a whisper.
XX32: Would you… Would you do things differently?
, in plain sight between each lines, John still can’t let himself believe… well, all of it. He had known, writing his own letter, that he could have hid his feelings better, could have danced around it and let Sherlock deduce whatever he wanted from him, but he had chosen to be honest instead. And apparently Sherlock had followed his example without question.
He’s not sure how long they stay there, staring at the sea while holding hands, but when Toby begins to demand a return back home, Sherlock can’t help but squeeze John’s hand, suddenly afraid to let go. He hears more than he sees John laugh softly, and there is a luminous smile on his lips when Sherlock finally dares to look at him. “Home?” he asks in a whisper, and Sherlock can’t answer, can’t move, can’t do anything but stare at him and feel this irresistible urge to lean in and taste that smile.
See you soon,
Sherlock nods, swallowing around the lump in his throat. He watches, just a little in awe, as John slides closer, one hand dangerously close now.
“You haven’t read them then?” John asks, turning to look back at him. Sherlock shakes his head, eyes finds his again. “Do you want to read them together?”
“It was a really good date,” John whispers.
“You feel amazing,” John pants, burying his head against Sherlock’s neck.
abuse, don't read number 1
"That's exactly how they say," John replies directly against Sherlock's lips.
“I found where the suspect was hiding but it was barely a four in the end, so I let Lestrade take care of the arrest,” Sherlock sighs. “Saved me the paperwork.”
So yes, there was a time when I almost gave up.
“Good, I’ll just go get cleaned up,” John says, fleeing.
John nods, pressing them closer on intuition and he's rewarded with a frown from Sherlock. He forces himself to look away, starting to realise exactly what Arnold had in mind with this dance, and can't help but smile, feeling something close to excitement. Arnold swirls them around, making it impossible for John to see Sherlock anymore, and he feels lips brushing his ear and neck slowly. He can almost feel the strength of Sherlock's stare on them this way, and Arnold smiles against his skin. "Still all right?" he breathes into his ear and John nods again, picturing exactly what Sherlock must be seeing now.
I’m about to sleep,
John frowns, "Arnold?" Sherlock nods slowly, the name making his entire body tense. "I was dancing," John says, almost daring Sherlock to say anything about it. "Just like you were."
“You could have told me there wasn’t a chance we were going to France today,” he settles on saying.
"Good," John beams, letting go of Sherlock's cock only to scoot lower on the bed. He stops when he's able to kiss Sherlock thigh and inner thigh, teasing him for as long as he can manage without Sherlock starting to rock his hips again. "We'll have time for that later," he murmurs, deposing a soft kiss on the head of his erection. "Don't worry."
felt like putting it out
And John does.
"John," Sherlock begins, because of course he's able to read it all anyway. "It really is going to be alright."
Staring at the information screen, Sherlock repressed a frustrated sigh as he shifted once again on the airport chair. He didn’t have any time to waste and this delay was compromising his entire plan. He needed to be inside that plane thirty minutes ago, not waiting here for some incompetent flight attended to call for the boarding. The woman at the desk had picked up the phone three times in the last ten minutes and clearly wasn’t getting any good news.
) I’m sorry, John, so very sorry for all the things I’ve done but also all the things I didn’t do. And… and I’m glad, really glad that you trust me enough with any of it, even after all that happened. And I promise never to tell, never to judge. You have to trust me, I would never- I could never-
John smiles, "More than alright."
I'm certain I'll never truly understand what happened between the two of them, what the years before I was born were like and how they affected them. And maybe I'm not supposed to understand. Maybe I'm only supposed to do what I've always done. Hope that one day they'd find their way back to each other, and that somehow, it'd fix what I can't help but think is partly my fault.
Sherlock accepts his cups without a word.
“I never expected dates to be like this,” Sherlock replies honestly, already suspecting it had everything to do with who he just had a date with.
“What do you want me to say exactly? Do you want an apology, then alright, I’m sorry,” John exclaims, waving both hands in the air. “I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner!”
“John, is that you?” Sherlock’s father appears at the bottom of the stairs. “I thought I heard you.”
Silence falls in the room, the moon casting a faint light over the two of them. Sherlock doesn't move for a long moment, not answering his question but his distant mask slowly falling apart. Neither of them say a word as Sherlock gets to his feet, walking to the window and stopping there, staring outside. John closes his eyes, breathing out slowly and gathering the courage to say, "I don't want to continue like this." He stands up. "We can't."
I want to hear it all.
Rather spend the evening alone, imagining the worse, than actually witness it.
John smiles, a sad curl of his lips that makes Sherlock’s heart drop inside his chest, “I see.”
“What are you doing?”
People laugh but John is too busy looking around.
He says when he’s close enough.
John laughs, a true, warm laugh that makes all the music fade away. He brings Sherlock’s hand to his lips, kissing it several times before detaching himself and pulling, “Come on, let’s get out of here.”
: Urgent
Not that much of an
“John?”
Still, he can’t help but squeeze John’s hand a little tighter when they get inside the house, as if to make sure he also
John nods, smiling up at him, “We can stop.”
“Richmond Road,” the tells the cabbie, closing his eyes and resting his head against the window.
“I hope it’s alright, I walked by the shop and saw them and thought I coul—”
I feel strongly
Something inside him had hoped that their suspect wouldn’t give in so easily, just to prove that Sherlock wasn’t an uber-genius. But of course the drink trick had worked like a charm, the waitress perhaps would do good with a few more acting lessons but nevertheless the shirt and trouser front were wet and that was all that mattered. Keeping cave wasn’t something John did every day. The military didn’t allow for such things, especially not in Afghanistan. But right here it was a different matter altogether and John had to grin as he took up his position in front of the bathroom door, letting Sherlock work his magic with the briefcase.
John panics, “He seems like a nice perso-”
XX32: Is now too late?
“We’ll go just as slow as you need,” John smiles, stealing a quick kiss. “I love you.”
Sherlock opens his mouth a few times before finally saying, "I deduced your jealousy the moment you saw Horsen. You've always been jealous, whether it was aimed at clients, officers or even Moriarty. You've always been horrible at hiding it."
Thank you for all your replies, I'll definitely will be doing some interludes!
John looks down from Victor’s smile to his hand and then Sherlock’s eyes fixed on him, searching.
“So,” John ways, rubbing both hands against his jeans. “Where to?”
“Clearly you’ll need a new mattress,” he says, sighing.
It just doesn’t make any sense!
“Why are you no longer friends?”
Violet places Rosie in her stroller, already heading towards the woods at the edge of the backyard. John waits until Sherlock catches up with them before switching places and walking next to him. He copies his pace, letting Sherlock’s parents walk a bit further ahead. John keeps quiet, not exactly sure what he could say anyway. Well, there is actually a lot he could say, but at the same time, he felt even more scared than before. Yes, Sherlock hadn’t turned him down, and yes they were going to get
12:29 Parallel Universes: Theories and Evidence
Sherlock doesn’t reply just yet, eyes fixed on his drink, and his voice is barely above a whispers when he finally says, “It was written all over their home, in every picture or notes on the fridge. Timothy spends his days in that flat, living with the person he feels so strongly about, and has to watch him see and date other people. Of course leaving was his only solution.”
They fall silent, the previous urgency in their movements fading away, and John breathes it all in. He brushes Sherlock's flushed cheeks slowly, his thumb tracing his lower lips with attention. Sherlock's leg falls back to the floor, his hands settling on John's waist without pushing him away, nor pulling him closer. John sees on his face the inevitable, and he lets out a quiet sigh, "You have to go."
“What did you do today?” John asks eventually.
"I..." Sherlock begins before breathing out loudly. "Too much."
“Do you have the document?”
“I’m still cold,” Sherlock says, whispering.
"I'm Arnold," the man says, leaning against the counter and removing his mask too.
“Daddy!”
By now, John was sitting on the edge of his chair, leaning towards Sherlock and their feet were touching. Sherlock hadn’t said anything when John had placed his right foot just next to his, their legs brushing each time one of them moved. Just when Sherlock feared he was about to fall out of his chair,  John sat back completely, his drink forgotten by his side and his legs hanging open. Sherlock caught him looking up, his eyes darting to the mistletoe before looking back at Sherlock, or more precisely at his lips. Sherlock held back his breath, following John’s tongue as he licked his lower lip once again.
“Then don’t think about it,” John cuts him, kissin the top of his head. “Don’t ever think about it again, because I’m never going to want to move from this bed ever again.”
“Right.” John said before finishing his drink. He put the glass aside and sat more comfortably in his chair. “Tell me about your cases.”
“I’d like that, yes.”
“No, no, everything is… I’m sorry, John.”
Sherlock watches mesmerised as John’s cheeks redden, and they’re both avoiding each other eyes as Sherlock can only confess, “I noticed you the moment I walked in.”
“I have no idea what I’m supposed to do, and I’m fairly sure people aren’t supposed to lie fully clothed in bed with the person they desire, but I trust you to tell me, to show me,” Sherlock confesses, the ache in his chest giving space to something much warmer. “I’m just as scared, because I could ruin this all in less than a second. Could be ruining it all already.”
"I don't have time for this, John," Sherlock cuts him off, still not looking back at him.
had imagined?” Sherlock asks after another second.
Love,
You've probably noticed that I haven't updated this fic in a long time, and I am very sorry for that. Truth is, I've started other projects and got too busy with work&life too. I feel like the end of the last chapter left John and Sherlock in a good place, and so I'm marking this story as complete for now. I'm sure I will end up going back to this story some day, I have still so much ideas.
Sherlock pushed his body up just enough to kiss at John’s right shoulder blade. He ran his tongue over the warm skin and let his fingers caress John’s chest, discovering the hard lines and small places which made John hiss and gasp. He could feel it rising against his own, John’s breathing more and more heavily. Sherlock had never experienced such a build up, his partner usually getting rid of their clothes with efficiency. But it would be lying to say Sherlock didn’t enjoy it.
Rosie smashes one of her toys against the changing table in agreement, looking down to examine what she's wearing now and the yellow and black stripes seem to fascinate her instantly. John chuckles fondly, turning to get a scrunchie, tidying her hair into a ponytail and placing the final headband on her head. "There, a little bee."
goes without saying.
Sherlock remains silent for a long moment, eyes fixed on him, and John does his best not to flinch. He focuses on his breathing, on the soft lines around Sherlock’s eyes, and tells himself that his friend has every right to tell him to go away, to tell him he’s missed his chance, and John would walk away with the confirmation he has ruined everything once more.
Sherlock nods, and they both walk to the kitchen without another word. Sherlock sits down, coat still on, and he finds himself wondering if he should take it off. John is wearing his usual green dressing gown, looking strangely awake for the hour, and once again, Sherlock bites back each questions threatening to breach his lips.
Still no answer. Anger building up again, he grabs his keys and heads out without a goodbye. He purposely doesn’t look up once out, not willing to know whether Sherlock is still there, watching. The whole way to work, John tries to get Victor out of his head, and especially all that he was and could still be.
we all have to thank for this brilliant drawing!!
Sherlock is about to do just that when the sound of the front door slamming shut makes them both jump, quickly followed by an all too familiar voice, "Daddy? Pa'? Anyone home?"
John looks back at him, licking his lips, and Sherlock leans in for another kiss. He rocks back against him, finding courage in the unknown, and he smiles when John’s moan echoes in the room. They kiss for a long moment, simply rubbing against each other until Sherlock isn’t sure he can take it any longer, “Please,” he breathes against John’s lips, arching on the bed, “More.”
“John introduced us at the PUB a few months ago,” Tom explains. “He asked me if I had met you yet, and he had that smile of someone who knows, so we ended up talking.”
Much, yes. We were going crazy staying inside.
“I forgot an experiment,” Sherlock replies, glaring at him. “It burned through the plastic and, apparently, most of my bed too.”
“Don’t get too excited,” Sherlock says. “It was simply a place for my experiments.”
“Stop,” John says, glaring at her. “And drive.”
He had just ordered another glass when a familiar figure slowly weaved its way through the room.
"You're having second thoughts," Sherlock declares, looking away.
normal.
"You're beautiful," John suddenly says, and Sherlock's eyes snap back to his. John's smile widens. "I should have told you, all those days when I couldn't take my eyes off of you."
"I know," Sherlock replies with a sigh. "Doesn't make it easier."
Sherlock nods in agreement, moving to the sofa while John turns on the TV. He goes to sit down at his usual spot, noticing the unusual distance between them but not saying anything about it. He’s the one who acted weird the day before, and Sherlock has all the right to sit where ever he wants. They spend the next hours and a half learning about the first profilers and how the techniques have developed ever since. Sherlock, of course, spends most of the the documentary pointing out flaws but also taking notes on interrogation methods, a deep frown between his eyebrows that John can’t seem to stop staring at.
: 09:22 A.M
Sherlock’s hand crisped around John’s shirt, shaking with anticipation.
And so it ends!
“Hey,” John smiles, raising one hand to cup his face and stroking his cheek slowly, “That’s alright. I’m not mad that you know. Just surprised you didn’t say anything, that’s all.”
Sherlock holds his breath. John smiles.
XX32: Yeah?
“Amazing,” John replied, eyes fixed on him.
We can meet at the Yard and go together, there’s still some paperwork to do. John’s with you?
That was the night you realised John Watson had just upset your entire world.
“I propose that we get out of our clothes,” John says between two kisses.
"I'm more than happy to be here, sweetheart."
But I’m glad you will.
“I don’t want to go back,” John breathes, shaking his head slowly. “That’s the whole point of leaving it all behind to come here. I don’t want to go back.”
“Night,” she replies, coming to leave a small kiss to Sherlock’s cheek and whispering, “love you.”
“I asked you once if happiness always feels this way, fragile and uncertain, as if it could go away in the blink of an eye,” Sherlock continues. “Do you remember your answer?”
) I don’t want that either.
and alarm me.
Thank you for all the kudos and comments on this story <3
“Violet, can you keep an eye on her for a minute?”
Sherlock’s eyes drop to his suitcase and John’s breath catches, speaking before he can think twice about it, “When you moved out, you said there were a room for me in your house.” Sherlock looks back at him, the years having marked his face and yet having only reinforced his beauty, and John forces himself to look away. Realising Sherlock isn’t going to reply, John inhales deeply before adding, “If that’s still the case, I’d like to take you up on that offer.”
“Stop that.”
Arnold pats his shoulder, "Well, I'm glad if I was any help. Happy halloween!"
Sherlock glances from the sofa to him a few times before saying, “I don’t know.”
Sherlock shakes his head, “Depends on the day.”
“Serial killer,” Sherlock replies, remembering the thrill of a good chase. “They’re the best. Caught two already, but they tend to be rare.”
John’s hand on Sherlock’s nape, fingers playing with his hair.
“I insist,” Victor says, still not having moved his hand away. “You too are invited John, of course.”
“Especially that time with only one bed,” Sherlock adds.
"I'm afraid it does," Mycroft replies, something close to softness in his voice. "But, contrary to what you might think, you're not yet old Sherlock. Time is still on your side."
“And then again, when you kissed me,” Sherlock continues, and John doesn't need to open his eyes to know he’s taken a step closer. “I had to make sure you wouldn’t go, that you would agree to stay and come up with me.”
“Not Molly, obviously,” Sherlock cuts him. “Stamford.”
"I can't," Sherlock asserts, walking to the door and opening it. "Goodbye John."
“John?”
“Do they now?”
John feels his chest warm with love, and he leans in for a soft, gentle kiss before saying, "I love you, you know that?" Sherlock looks back at him, frowning, and John laughs again. "It's a bit early for the two of us to suddenly change our entire behavior. I'm going to storm out of the flat now and then, and you're going to sulk for hours sometimes, but that's alright."
"Don't stop," Sherlock whimpers. "Don't ever stop."
“What happened there?”
“Well yeah. How to get you idiots to finally do something!”
“Not sure for the better or the worse,” John whispers, eyes closing, but Sherlock’s hand finds his jaw, making him look back.
With his heart on his lips, John pushes the front door open and steps out in the open. The noise of the city reassures him, making all of it almost natural, the two of them standing right in the middle of the city and yet trapped in their own time and space.
“You’ve talked a lot, mostly nonsense about the case or some experiment,” John continues, the hand between them playing with the sheet. “You’ve said some things about me too.”
You know what I hate the most about all this?
Nuzzling at the edge of Sherlock’s jaw he hummed, “We have a bed. What do you think about making use of it?”
"What?" John asks, unable to look away from them dancing.
. The private smiles blooming on John’s lips whenever their eyes meet in public. The hand against his back when they get into a cab. John stepping just a bit closer whenever they’re walking together. Sharing an umbrella on rainy days. Holding hands while watching tv, shopping, walking in the park or falling asleep. John’s panting breath against his lips, his neck, his thighs. The soft and quiet “Ok?” whenever he emerges from his mind palace. John’s feet against his own under the table. Snuggling for warmth. John’s laugh, especially when he can feel it directly against his skin. John’s eyes when he wakes up, John’s eyes when he’s about to fall asleep. John’s hand exploring all of him, John’s mouth exploring all of him. John, John,
"You do?" He asks carefully, and Sherlock's eyes dart to him quickly.
John nodded, licking his lips before drinking. “You already know I’m going to my sister’s,” John smiled.
Sherlock is back and sitting by the time John manages to face Victor again. He accepts the food Sherlock gives him silently, deciding he will excuse himself as soon as he’s finished. Stories of classes and old camarades are being shared all through dinner, Victor doing all the talking mostly. The worst of it all is how seriously Sherlock is listening to him, agreeing or not on his way of telling this or that story. When it becomes too much to bare, John stands up, yawning for the effect.
) I’ve read your letter more times than I can count, and each time I can’t help but look back on the days I could have asked you, could have made it easier for you not to carry all of… all of this, alone. (
He gets out of the bathroom only to stumble onto Sherlock in the hallway, looking absolutely breathtaking.
"I understand," John says softly, as Sherlock starts to shake in his arms again. "After all we've been through, all that's happened, I think we didn't have any other choice than to believe it would never happen."
John,
“No. I mean yes. I mean I want to. I mean —” John can’t help but smile at the sight of Sherlock’s frustrated face. “What you said,” Sherlock finally breathes out, his voice barely a murmur. “Seducing me. I want that.”
"I don't know," John replies, not believing he's actually thinking about doing as Arnold says. "It feels a bit... manipulative, you know."
"Come in."
never said anything, I know what I could have done the very next day after John moved in. I know that I came close to doing so many times by now.
Lestrade clears his throat next to him, “I think you were supposed to wait a bit for that.”
“Me?”
“We’ll need some su-”
Sherlock shrugs, not replying, and John is about to continue when Sherlock pulls away and seals their lips again. John melts into the touch, kissing back without a second thought and he feels Sherlock shake again. He holds him closer but makes sure he will be able to break away if he wants to, and long minutes go by before they both pull away, panting. "I know what you're wondering," Sherlock says, his voice barely a whisper. "And the answer is yes."
XX32: (
“I wish he was my friend too,” the boy sighs, “he tells amazing stories.”
“Couldn’t sleep,” he says, voice almost too quiet, and Sherlock almost,
smile is the reason Sherlock is always sitting at the kitchen table, looking up at exactly 6:05 every morning. This smile is the reason Sherlock’s heart misses a beat every morning. This smile is the reason Sherlock falls in love (again and again) every morning.
John holds his breath, somehow already knowing. "Yes?"
XX67: There are things I wouldn’t have said, questions I would have answered differently.
Sherlock nods, "That’s what I said, yes."
John doesn’t reply immediately, throat suddenly dry and his fingers tightening into a fist at his side, “Oh, I see.”
Sherlock nodded, he had spotted their suspect the moment they had arrived. He let John get away with this not so subtle change of subject and focused on Marks again. Finally, he was just meters away from his suspect. The months spent in dirty hotels, the hours hidden in some dark alleys, the countless time Sherlock feared for his life. Everything coming to an end in a crowded airport, surrounded by ridiculous Christmas decoration and, most importantly, side by side with an unexpected ally.
"Come on," John smiles, kissing over his eyelid. "I told Rosie we'd go out for diner, it's late already."
"Idiots," Sherlock comments.
Sherlock takes a step closer, "See what, John?"
“That you don’t need to ask.”
XX32: You don’t have to.
Oh I know they'll both protest if I were to actually say any of this. I don't have enough fingers to count the number of conversations I had about this with Dad, about my mother and all that happened before and after my birth. I think I get who she was and what she did. Even if Dad and Pa' always made sure not to let their own feelings get in the way during those talks, I know what she did to them. How she tore them apart, how she destroyed what they build, still so fragile. Dad dried my tears many times, telling me over and over again he would do it all again just to have me in his life, and I've learned to understand that I couldn't change any of it, but just try to make them happy.
“John, we can’t have sex all day, every day, for a month.”
"I knew," John replies simply, finding it hard to stop smiling now.
free tonight?
John leans in for a kiss, relaxing a little.
John’s entire body is now itching to be touching Sherlock’s, the two of them on the edge of their chairs, and the memory of a blurry night comes back to John without warning, taking all the breath out of him. He’s not sure who moved first, or if they just acted as one, but suddenly his hands are cupping Sherlock’s face and their lips are brushing ever so softly. Not bothering to repress yet another shiver, John presses in and,
"Because it would be with me," Arnold replies, winking at him.
Sherlock raises one eyebrow, questioning.
He stares at his phone, still in hand, and then Sherlock’s letter open on the coffee table. Did he really just say all
Sherlock rolls his eyes, making John chuckle softly, before saying, “Think about it this way,” he says, sounding all too serious now. “If we go sit on the sofa right now and you ask about the cases I’ve solved, will it make it go away?”
“It’ll take the edge off,” John says, soft but careful. “Make it less awkward.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock nods, swallowing back another reply.
Different scenarios running through his head, most of them ending with Sherlock not coming back for the night, turn his stomach into knots. Victor’s intention couldn’t have been clearer, and surely Sherlock picked up on them, and yet still agreed to dinner. That could only mean he knows what he was getting into, right?
XX32: I almost said something. I should have.
He takes a step back, walking backward. Sherlock said yes. He wants to be seduced, wants to be a family, wants to be with him. And now, John has to act as if his whole world hadn’t just changed. He is just about to reach the door when Sherlock finally moves, taking a step towards him.
“I want a dog.”
“I know,” John breathes, his chest rising slowly. “But I’ve always wondered about this… in particular.”
“I know I don’t have to,” he says, “I want to.”
"Obviously," Sherlock replies but it lacks the mockery the word usually holds.
“John, you’re rambling.” Sherlock declares, turning back toward the stairs, “Can we go up now?”
“John!” He cried out, this time not caring about John’s reaction when he pushed down on the fingers inside him. “Would you just get on with it already?” He snapped, the need to have John’s cock in him now too pressing for Sherlock to bare any more teasing.
Why are you still talking to that man? SH
Sherlock comes back with their two cups, handing John his, “Eight.”
I could read John’s letter.
, John thinks for a second before realising just how different everything is now.
I don’t look up when he takes a step closer, and it’s only when his fingers brush mine tentatively that I allow myself to meet his eyes again. Both the uncertainty and hope in them make me wants to cradle John into my arms and make him understand just how better everything could be if he just stayed.
“I’m sure I can find some upstairs,” he replies, coffee not having crossed his mind at all, “if you want one.”
"I know.”
John wakes up in the center of his bed, a head on his chest, a body pressed to his side and curls tickling his nose. Sherlock, still soundly asleep, is snoring softly against him, entirely unaware of John’s current state of both amazement and urgency. Lying as still as possible, he closes back his eyes, breathing in deeply without any control over his own actions. A - giant - part of himself is currently registering every point of contact between his and Sherlock’s body, from the tangled mess that are currently their legs to the all too familiar coco scent of his shampoo. The other part is too busy screaming for him to get up and run before Sherlock wakes up.
“Like everyone else how it seems!” Sherlock nodded.
“Don’t look at me like that, it’s all fine. I mean it.” He kisses him softly, and Sherlock loses himself into the touch once more. “She says I’m doing better, and she’s been encouraging me to tell you how I’ve really felt for a quite a while now.”
“I.. I want…”
Sherlock gets up, adding the last few papers to Victor’s file and handing it to him.
“Yes, I get that.” John shook his head smiling and Sherlock was getting more and more confused by the meaning of these smiles. “But how? Which tactics are we using?”
I blame you.
“Oh. I’m not sure. But they’ll probably explain it soon enough.”
"That's the beauty of it," Matthew laughs. "Sherlock Holmes, unable to deduce who his fiancé really is. I have to say, it wasn't easy, and for a long time I was certain you knew, but you were so very in love, tears in your eyes when I proposed, and I knew I had found the one."
"You can leave now," Sherlock breathes. "Matt and I are going out tonight, I can't come with you and Rosie."
“You know she’s going to come here as soon as she can, right?”
Sherlock nods quickly, “Yes, I want to be… I want that too.”
John nods again, slower this time. It is still strange, but somehow natural, to hear Sherlock talk about them as a whole. John still can’t help but feel just a little overwhelmed each time. It isn’t as if he hadn’t been wanting this, a family. And Sherlock and Rosie are filling that role perfectly. He hasn’t thought about dating or even looking for a motherly figure for Rosie. He tried, god knows he tried, to make it work with Mary and after everything, the betrayal and all the lies, John isn't sure he could do it all over again. It had almost cost him what he values the most, and he's not about to let it happen again.
He could catch the early train and be there by ten if he hurries, having learned the train schedule years ago. He glances around the room, taking it all in one last time, this room he had hated with all of his being the first time he slept here. The room that had been the silent witness of his dreams for more and his tears when facing reality. Still, he smiles when his gaze stops on the drawing Rosie made when she was five, still spending all of her free time trying to improve her art skills, and decides to pull it off the wall and fold it into the suitcase. Sherlock always loved this drawing. In the end, he only need to reach into his pocket to find the small piece of paper that could have changed his life years ago, the edges frayed and the ink used to write down the address almost dried out.
Arnold stares at him, amused, "Well, it seems that your friend is just as worried about you then."
XX32: Yeah?
John licks his lips, having been ready himself for what seems like hours now. "How does it feel?"
"Is that why you didn't say anything?" John asks by way of answer.
"Then how can you be sure he's alright?" John can't help but ask, the worry slowly growing inside his mind making it hard to focus on anything else.
John told me to take
John smiles, tilting his head to the side, and Sherlock realise he’s now cupping it in one hand, “I know exactly what you means, and even if I would have also love to let it hang in the air a little longer, I also know I cannot go another second without kissing you.”
“I want to sleep the way we woke up that fourth morning,” Sherlock says into the kiss.
“I would have enjoyed reading your book, John.”
John lets out a relieve breath, "Sorry, it's just that he said-"
“What is it?” Sherlock asks almost as soon as they’re inside, and John can’t help but smile.
“So am I, John.”
"Never could I have imagined sex with you to feel like this."
"Yes," he whispers.
“Alright, I’m all set.”
, Sherlock thinks, but remains silent.
John.
Sherlock stops him before he can open the gate.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock closes his eyes, breathing the moment in, and seeking John’s lips again, already wondering if there is any way to keep him close and warm and smiling permanently.
“I said a lot of things when we first met, John,” Sherlock whispers. “Time has passed since. Things have changed.”
“Is he alright?” Greg asks, nodding toward Sherlock.
The man turns around, eyes widening as he realises they're not alone, "God, sorry. I didn't see you."
“Obviously,” Sherlock replies, finishing his tea. “Doesn’t mean I understand why.”
(020) XXXX XX67:
2%, Anton Smirk, male, 57
Revenge, torture and a locked door. Brilliant.
“I researched it afterwards,” Sherlock says. “Stress will do that to you, even asleep.”
John pulls away just enough to look at him, eyes smiling, “You are truly incredible, you know that?” Sherlock closes his eyes, not caring about blushing anymore. “You’re breathtaking, Sherlock Holmes, and anyone would think this is completely insane but I don’t bloody care.” Sherlock forces himself to look back at him, heart pounding. “I have no idea why I can’t seem to be able to move, or even want to move right now, but I really, really don’t mind.”
“Yes, of course. We could see about that case you told me about, and maybe go out for dinner, if you want?”
The sound of the door opening behind John makes them both jump, Mrs Hudson’s voice just a bit surprised as she says, “Boys, what are you doing standing there?”
Sherlock heads there without another word, leaving John alone with their more than worried client.
, Rosie would say, teasing him about his age all the bloody time lately.
“I want it to work too,” Sherlock says. “Just as desperately as you do. I need this to work because that’s all that’s been making me hopeful all these years. I’ve spent countless hours trying to imagine what it would be like to be yours, to be part of a family with you, and now that it is within my reach, it scares me to no end that I might no be able to make it last.”
Sherlock looks up from the mug, remembering to breathe, “Thank you.”
"What was?" Sherlock asks.
“What’s wrong with my version?”
“Maybe you should try and contact him,” John suggests.
“Hm, no,” John replies. “Gave me the day.”
XX32: Sherlock, I- (
John thinks for a long moment, wondering if he should also go into more detail, share some more private thoughts, all without overwhelming Sherlock. He resumes the pattern on his back, and says, "Do you remember the night we spent at that hotel during the Baskerville case?" Sherlock nods, breath catching. "You said you didn't need to sleep, and so I went to bed alone, but you’d remained in the room. It took me hours to fall asleep. I couldn't stop thinking... fantasizing about all that could happen." He stops, licking his lips. "Can I share it with you?"
John looks guilty all the sudden, "I might have peeked through your room."
And just so you know, I could be convinced to write a chapter 3 and earn that M rating ;)
It only takes twenty-five minutes for Montgomery to arrive, take the painting and drop them back home. John is already feeling the first signs of sleepiness as Toby greets them both with loud barks and happy jumps.
"Can I take your trousers off?" Sherlock asks, fingers already fumbling with his belt and zipper.
“Still in bed, Mrs Hudson,” John reply loud enough for her to hear.
"Did you know?"
“No, not that,” he says. “I was more thinking of the usual goodbye kiss.”
we all have to thank for this brilliant drawing!!
John imitated him, still looking around.
In less than a minute, John is getting rid of his own pants and settling back between Sherlock's legs, the friction making them both whimper. John seals their lips again, catching all of Sherlock's moans and panting breaths. It takes them several minutes before they begin to move again, rocking against each other slowly, so very slowly. John knows they need to take their time, that Sherlock will be overwhelmed quickly and that they'll probably need to cool down from time to time, but he finds that just stopping what they're doing now is too much to ask.
“It’s becoming a habit,” Sherlock replies. “Forgetting.”
02:34
“Earlier, you said a lot changed since that first dinner,” John says in a murmur but Sherlock can hear each and every nuance in his voice perfectly. “What did you mean by that, truly?”
"You don't know that," Sherlock says, a small smile on his lips, most likely the prospect of a good case helping chase away Toby's memory.
"Getting you here," Matthew replies, "right where I wanted you."
he whispers to the silent room.
“Easy for you to say, you’re not the one who forgot the rings.”
"And hello Miss Rosie," Mrs Hudson continues, opening her arms and John slowly gives her away. "Oh, is that a bee costume I guess under that coat?"
Something close to a giggle escapes Sherlock’s lips and he quickly looks around to make sure no one’s heard. His phone chimes again before he can answer,
“It’s a quest now?”
“Oh, it can’t wait, don’t worry.”
“Sherlock, maybe I didn’t make it clear enough, but I’ve been thinking about that kiss for a very long time.”
too? Later?
“I like to think it’s a bit more complicated than that,” Sherlock replies, challenging John to contradict him silently. “Yes, there was a time when I believed I had finally found a friend in you, but I’ve grown to realise Lestrade or even Mrs. Hudson had already filled that role long before you came into the picture.”
“You don’t want to continue for hours, trust me. One room will be fine. I’m used to worse places than a hotel room floor. We’ll take the room.” He smiled friendly and already put down his card on the desk, trying to prevent Sherlock from arguing. He was a bit surprised when the other actually kept quiet and let him sort out their accommodation.
Sherlock forces himself to regain some control over his own body, and replies quickly, “Over there. Baker Street.”
"Don't play stupid with this," the man calls as John leaves but he ignores him, already increasing his pace on the way back to Baker Street.
“Sure,” Sherlock replies, abandoning his chair. “Tea?”
John sighs next to him, “I meant it, Sherlock. I’m sorry I didn’t come after you left. I should have listened to Rosie, should have listened to myself, really.”
“I needed you to work this case with me,” Sherlock replies.
“John,” he manages to moan between two ragged breaths, not certain what he’s asking for.
“No, no, no,” John replies, panicking as Sherlock lets go of his hand and walks to the window. “I didn’t meant it that w- I just- Fuck.” Sherlock remains perfectly still, back turned to him, and John wishes he could just slap himself and get it together. “Sherlock, I-”
“Brilliant,” Lestrade laughs, “This is brilliant.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock only hums in reply. John falls asleep still kissing him.
A careful hand sliding down his shoulder makes him jump, and he looks down to find Mrs Hudson with Rosie in her arms smiling sadly at him, "Are you alright, dear?"
“I have to be in London tonight!” The loud voice pulled John from the zen-like calm he had tried to put himself into. “You understand this is a matter of national security?”
He shifts, ever so slightly, burying his nose deeper into Sherlock’s curls and breathing in deeply. He always wondered, thoughts running in the back of his mind now and then, what kind of lover, curdler, kisser Sherlock would be. To find him, sleeping and clutching to him this way, only makes John crave
10:20
Sherlock doesn’t reply, nodding slowly before standing up and taking both of their mugs back to the kitchen. John waits for him outside, trying to remember the last time he felt so at ease with himself and the world around him, and by the time Sherlock is coming back, John has made his decision.
Not that obvious, no.
XX32: (
I… I don’t want to
"Talking," Sherlock breathes finally, "was never our forte."
“I love you,” John breathes, fingers leaving marks Sherlock wish would never fade. “I love you so much it scares me.”
“I’ve made those toasts you love,” John offers, giving him the toasts in question and not bothering to hide his growing smile when Sherlock takes two. “Slept well?”
John lets the hand still in Sherlock’s curls slide down to his cheek, stroking it slowly, “But what about after? This could be just your body’s reaction to mine, and the last thing I want is for you to regret it afterward.” He stops Sherlock from cutting him off again with a quick kiss. “I can wait, I really can.”
Tell me if there are other letters.
“I’m sure it’s delicious,” John says, and for just a second, Sherlock looks at him as if he was seeing him for the first time.
“Wanna dance?” The man is short, dressed for the occasion, already sweating. Sherlock glares at him until he goes away, “Too bad.”
John laughs, taking another.
There is a frown between John’s eyebrow, his eyes darting up from his cup and meeting Sherlock’s for a second, maybe two. He looks away. Sherlock allows himself to gaze at him just bit a longer, just a bit more.
the kiss?
Sherlock is panting, staring down at him and biting his lower lip. John reaches for the lube again, warming it between his fingers before sliding one finger down Sherlock's thigh and close to his hole. He can't help but hums at the sudden warmth, wiggling his finger until he can massage the entrance slowly. "Ok?"
“Well, I followed and good thing I did because the suspect wasn’t alone. We fought them pretty good if you ask me, but you somehow inhale some bad stuff during the fight and were completely out of it after.” John glances down at his injured hand. “You did that to yourself on the way out.”
Sherlock is silent for a long moment, only the sound of their breathing filling the air, and John focuses on the feeling on Sherlock's breath against his neck. He's not even sure he wants to hear the answer to his question. It seems as if he had given up himself so many times, and yet always came back here, home, with the same hope bursting in his chest.
"Is it alright if my fantasy is from the same night?"
“No,” Sherlock replies.
John remains silent for a long moment, “You did?”
“Sure?” Lestrade asks, raising an eyebrow, and Sherlock nods sharply. “Alright.”
Sherlock contemplates this statement for a long moment, not exactly certain what John is trying to say, and decides to reply carefully, “I’m still in the process of doing so, yes.”
“Why the violin this morning?”
It’s quite simple in fact. You (we) deserve to be happy, Sherlock.
“Us. What we are now.”
It’s like coming home without ever having to have settle anywhere. It’s a long day improving in the last minutes of sunlight. A strange feeling taking up all the space, never trying to get out. A series of beats, silent and unnoticed, spelling out his name. It’s a song coming up on the radio, unknown and yet so very familiar. A quiet murmur in the silent night, comforting in its terror. A burn on your chest, too hot, too painful but necessary. It’s the feeling of new, fresh sheets when falling asleep. The odd sensation of déjà-vu. The realisation it is going to last. It’s a moment, adding to all the ones before, preparing for all the ones to come.
