He eventually realized they were shaking hands a little longer than necessary and he quickly released Dean’s hand. “Please, Dean, call me Castiel.”
Castiel felt heat rising up in his cheeks as he forced himself to continue. “Dean…. I-I think I’m falling in love with you.”
“I know, “Castiel agreed, “and his husband seems to be a real asshole. Didn’t like me looking at his husband and got all territorial. So, I know I should just forget him, because I don’t wanna be a homewrecker. But I can’t, Charlie. For the past few days I’ve really tried to not think about him, to divert myself with other stuff but my mind seems to be stuck on Dean.”
His vision was filled with whiteness. It was so bright he could barely see anything and he had to shield his eyes with his hand to be able to go on.
When he was finished, he looked at his watch: it was only 9 o’clock, he still had a lot of time until his first lesson at 1 pm. He decided to prepare the meal for tonight’s dinner, then he would work out. He prepared a lasagna and put it into the oven to heat it up later. Then he went into their work out room. He stepped on the treadmill and ran for forty-five minutes, afterwards he took a long shower. But no matter what he did, he couldn’t really concentrate on the task. As he stood under the hard spray of water he leaned against the tiles and tried to block out the constant thoughts of Castiel. To distract himself, he focussed on the pain in his back. The water caused him even more pain and he actually had to bite the inside of his cheek to bear it – but it did the job and he managed to get through the shower without going insane.
That thought stung, although Castiel theoretically knew that he hadn’t done anything to make Dean fear him. But Dean wasn’t able to think rationally right now and who could blame him, after what he had gone through, apparently? Castiel needed to show him that he had nothing to be afraid of and that he had made the right decision by coming here.
“Then take it, whore. Take my cock and shut up. God, you should be thankful you are so pretty, it’s why I put up with you and all your bullshit.”
Castiel swallowed down a bout of temper as the silence continued on between them, the corners of Alastair’s mouth twitching upwards ever so slightly as he prolonged the fake display of thinking in a truly impossible, unsettling manner.
“Dean is mine and you have no right to stare at him, “Alastair snapped, baring his teeth at Castiel. “And if I ever catch you staring at him again, you will regret it!”
“Do we know each other?” he finally asked in that nasal condescending tone that Castiel slowly but surely grew to hate.
The next thing he did, was clean up his mess in the living room. His hands were still shaking, and he needed a lot more time than he would normally have, but at last he got the carpet clean.
Warning: graphic violence, a little bit of self-harm as well as thoughts of suicide in this chapter. Please keep this in mind! Please do not read if this triggers you!
“Castiel!” Castiel shouted into the other man’s ear and Tony’s eyes flashed hungrily at the sudden closeness of him, very obviously relishing it.
When he finally parked the car in front of their house, he allowed himself a few seconds to breathe, although he was really late. He suspected his pulse was racing with his distress and he needed to calm down so Alastair wouldn’t suspect anything.
They kissed and kissed and kissed. Time seemed to stop. It was only them, the two of them alone, wrapped around each other, and Castiel was sure had never felt happier in his entire life.
Dean nodded skeptically, as he tried to gauge if Castiel really believed what he had said. When Castiel’s confidence still didn’t waver after a few moments, the corners of his lips curled upwards ever so slightly, a shy smile spreading out on his mouth. Castiel met his gaze with a warm smile.
Foolish as it may be, Castiel’s hopes were up once again, just as he’d feared. It was stupid and he knew he was very probably setting himself up for another crushing disappointment, but he couldn’t help it. Maybe Charlie was right, and they could do it.
Castiel noticed with pleasure that Dean’s hand was resting on Shoshanna’s head. The dog was still lying at his feet and apart from the subtle wagging of her tail, she was not moving, as if sensing that Dean would be scared off by too much movement. Dean’s touch was timid at best, but it was a beginning and Castiel felt grateful for the comforting presence of his pet.
Dean smiled as he relieved that memory. He would always remember that evening, he had been so happy then.
He copied the address of the music school into his phone and got off the couch, making a beeline for the front door. Shoshanna jumped off the couch to follow him, barking in surprise.
He added that last part nervously, it sounded a little strange, but he didn’t want to suggest Dean spend time with him if his husband was home, that could be awkward.
The expression on Dean’s face was soft and sincere as he looked at him. A lump in Castiel’s throat suddenly made it hard to breathe and he tried to steer his gaze away from the wide, glistening eyes focussed on him but found himself unable to. They ended up staring at each other in the heavy silence of the room and suddenly Castiel’s heart was beating in his throat, tiny beads of sweat collecting in the back of his neck when he saw a flush spreading on Dean’s cheeks and throat, but still, he just couldn’t look away. Dean swallowed and Castiel’s eyes were immediately drawn to his throat, the bobbing of his Adam’s Apple, the exposed skin of his beautiful pale throat.
For a second, he couldn’t breathe. He was staring at the stage open-mouthed and his heart pounded in his chest as if it wanted to break through the flesh any second. Beads of sweat collected in the back of his neck, and a pang of nausea made itself known in his stomach. Dean slowly made his way to the microphone stand in the middle of the stage and a mixture of different emotions welled up inside Castiel. Panic threatened to overwhelm him, fear fluttering on the edge of his vision, because he shouldn’t be here. He was just getting over Dean, this was just re-opening all the old wounds.
“Of course, “he said quietly. Then he looked at Alastair with what he hoped was sincere remorse and Alastair nodded at that, seemingly satisfied with Dean’s convincing display of meek submission.
Suddenly he regretted not going to work today. What would he be doing the whole day? He didn’t want to go out, he wasn’t in the mood for making chitchat with other people and he was supposed to be sick at home anyway. He didn’t feel like doing any work in the house or the garden. Which meant that he would be stuck with watching TV all day.
“I look forward to seeing you again, Dean, “Castiel said as firmly as he could so Dean would believe it. It seemed to get the message through because Dean’s eyes lit up a bit before he simply nodded and left.
When he woke in the morning, he didn’t feel any better. Rays of sunlight dropped in through the window and tickled him in the face as if to welcome him to a wonderful sunny new day, mocking him. He didn’t want a wonderful, sunny new day, he wanted everyone to leave him the hell alone, even the sun. He would have welcomed rain and thunderstorms, that would have suited his mood better.
“This is heaven, “he said with conviction as he first tasted the quiche. “Can you give me the recipe?”
No. Better for him to just forget about Dean. Forget that he had fallen in love with the most perfect person in the whole world.
Still, Benny had been his friend. It wasn’t a thing that would go away just like that, just because he turned his back on it. He had to say
“So,” Charlie spoke as soon as Dean finished. “For some reason you went to the forest, almost got killed, and now we have a spirit possibly helping us with the hunt?” she summed up, unconsciously drawing shapes on Jo’s back as she talked. Dean didn’t think Jo noticed, lost in thought.
“Let’s go on a vacation, as soon as I feel better.” Cas looked at him, new passion in his eyes. “Just the two of us,” he added.
“Great.” Cas nodded, more to himself than to Dean. “We have about a minute before our time is up, but I don’t think there’s any point in waiting, considering we’re both leaving.”
“Come on, you won’t regret it.” Dean pulled Cas inside, and for a moment nothing felt wrong, everything was just like it should be.
Dean dreamed. It was one of those unusually vivid dreams, dreams so detailed and sharp that they felt real.
“Uh. I’m actually from Oak Mill, you know.” Dean didn’t know what made him talk. He just did. “Years ago I lost someone here; a friend. And it’s stupid how much it still haunts me. Charlie and Jo accidentally discovered what happened and now I don’t feel like being anywhere near them. I just can’t stand people looking at me and thinking about
“That’s right. This is Cas,” Dean picked up. “Cas, this is Ash. Family friend, I guess.” Explaining how he knew Ash without spilling his whole life story wasn’t easy either, and frankly he would have rather died than did that. Which wasn’t the best thing to think of while surrounded by ghosts. At least he hadn’t said it out loud.
“No, it doesn’t.” Somehow Castiel managed to fuck with him and be insightful at the same time. Amazing.
“It’s okay,” Dean reassured. “Just let me know if you remember something. Maybe Ben met someone new recently? Do you know if he was connected somehow to the others that have disappeared?”
“Unfortunately magic is kept in secret,” Castiel continued. “Which makes life harder for people like me.”
“I also look amazing with pointed ears.” Jo closed her book. “You still can’t sleep?” She sounded concerned.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Charlie said, looking somewhere next to Dean’s ear. “We’re moving the guests back to BlackCat. I thought you’d want to know.”
“Okay, that’s it,” Jo said finally one evening, right after they’d gone through everything they had for the thousandth time. “We’ve been here for two weeks, and we’ve done one big
Later, when they came back to the inn, Dean found himself sitting on the porch again with a beer in hand. He didn’t have to wait long before Cas came back and sat beside him, stretching his legs and resting his elbows on a step behind him. Aside from both of them being more comfortable around each other now, it was almost a mirror image of the night more than a week before. Though so many things happened since then that it seemed a lot longer.
“So how else can you look?” Dean continued with curiosity. Despite years of hunting there were still so many things he didn’t know. Though this was something more than a fascination with Castiel as a forest spirit.
“I know I said it’s better to be careful with him, but maybe he could help us more,” Jo added. “You know, it’s his forest, we’re still basically stuck with this hunt, and we won’t say no to a fresh pair of eyes.”
Cas gave him a long glance before he replied. “I can appear as a tree, or an animal, or a small light. Among other things.”
changing the forest. Unless you think that almost getting eaten by some slimy crap is a standard these days.” Dean gave her a pointed look.
“Just great.” Dean rubbed his face with his hands. Even his dreams weren’t safe now. On the other hand he didn’t remember dreaming about his mom since the night in the motel, which was probably for the best.
After they left the palace, Jo took Dean and Cas to a local cafe, where the three of them sat outside at a one of the tables nestled between gnarled roots. Someone put a small radio in the open window, lively music coming out of the speakers. It was a little strange and not exactly the stuff Dean would listen to on his own, but still pleasant. From their table they had a view of a large clearing, in the middle of which stood a marble fountain with thick vines wrapping around the stone and water flowing down in cascades with a quiet rustle. A few people sat on the edges of the fountain, basking in the sun, while a group of young children played with bark boats.
“Maybe.” Cas gently turned Dean around, towards the window. The dracaena looked as good as the day Sam had brought it; leaves no longer yellow or droopy. “Or
Cas rolled his head. “Fine. I knit. I take care of my cat. I go for runs. I read a lot of old dusty tomes in ancient languages. I create new spells. Sometimes I hex people who piss me off.”
Dean guessed they must’ve met in the antiques shop he ran. Cas must’ve come there to buy something. Dean no longer had any idea what.
The creature seemed to think about it for a while. “Not particularly, no. But if you must know, I’m expecting a reunion with an old friend. Some call him the Morning Star. Shall we begin?”
Jo shrugged. “I got the impression he wasn’t happy about it either. You can talk to him about it if you want.”
It was snowing again, lighter this time, making Dean think of those snow globes with small landscapes inside. It felt like they were in one of them right now. Almost as if the world had stopped existing and their cabin in the woods, lost in the snow, was the only thing left.
than one bad thing that happened in your life, and if you talk to people, if you remind them about that by being there and not hiding from them, they’re going to see
“Dammit,” Dean groaned. He was going to have to follow after Cas, wasn’t he? This day was just getting better and better. He took a deep breath and made a step forward, not sure what to expect. A sense of vertigo overwhelmed him for a few seconds, and then, just like that, he was standing in a completely different room, Castiel’s back right in front of him.
“Yeah. Yeah, that seems like a good plan,” Dean agreed, ignoring the growing feeling of something stuck in his throat. The forest. Great. But he knew what he was getting into when he decided to come to Oak Mill, so he was going to have to deal. “Anyway, you up for watching some crappy old movies tonight?” Best way to deal with anything was to think about something else.
good news. “That’s awesome!” Dean said, trying to smile. It didn’t exactly work out, but who could blame him for not being in a smiling mood.
Walking aimlessly, ice cream cones in their hands, they drifted away from the main streets again. Dean barely noticed where they were going now, too engrossed in listening to Castiel. He knew they’d only scratched the surface of getting to know each other, but almost everything he’d learned so far made him warm and fuzzy inside. Cas was a little weird and sometimes direct to the point of being an asshole, but he could also be kind and thoughtful and very passionate about the things he loved. Including disgusting food, the history of ancient spells, and Discovery Channel documentaries. Dean didn’t even know anyone could be
The next morning he burned fried eggs imagining holding Dean’s hand, how his callouses would feel under his own fingers. He ate the eggs anyway, even though they tasted awful, but he didn’t care. He kept thinking about a little spark of warmth shared between joined hands.
And then he sees another person, sitting right before the council. His legs almost give in before he reaches his seat. Castiel is there. He looks like shit and he definitely hasn’t become any more angelic since Dean last saw him.
Somehow they ended up watching Star Wars on Dean’s laptop, sprawled on the bed, their shoulders touching. Dean had a bizarre feeling of deja vu, a memory of their ten-year-old selves doing the same. He chuckled a little. Cas gave him a questioning look, but he just shook his head.
Looking at him, Dean wondered for a thousandth time whether Cas had any plans to stay in touch. The morning brought back all the doubts forgotten somewhere in between getting crushed in bowling and falling asleep with Cas by his side. At this point a scenario in which Castiel wouldn’t want contact in the future seemed unlikely, but it wasn’t like they had discussed it.
More magical shit. Awesome. At this point Dean wouldn’t be surprised if Santa Claus was real and squatting somewhere in the attic. “Do I even want to ask?”
“Well, I asked why it’s still a month away and we had a long conversation about the differences between the worlds, but she didn’t want to say anything about the actual celebrations.” Charlie picked up furiously yellow curtains with a frown.
The way Castiel said it, it sounded so obvious. All the barely acknowledged tension disappeared from Dean’s muscles leaving him… happy. So happy it made him light-headed. He was getting his chance with Cas, and it wasn’t seven minutes, it wasn’t one evening, it wasn’t even one day. It was however long they wanted it to be.
Dean and Cas start to run as well. They almost stumble over their own feet now, and if Dean had time to think, he would think it was dangerous. They could slip and fall and this all would be for nothing. But he doesn’t have the time. He just pushes forward.
“You could at least warn me before doing something reckless,” Dean grumbled, looking around. It seemed that they were in some kind of a wooden cellar, filled with jars, bottles, and bags of potatoes. A little underwhelming, if Dean had to be honest.
When the pie was done, Dean found Cas on the steps of the back porch, looking at the stars. Breadloaf was curled on his knees. He petted it absently, his eyes fixed on the night sky, face half-lit by the light from inside. It made his features sharper, more pronounced, and Dean couldn't look away.
To tell the truth, their escape turned out to be rather anticlimactic. Nobody could force them to stay, so after a moment of confusion and a reminder that the event provided no refunds, they were free to go. Dean took a big gulp of fresh air as soon as they stepped outside, like a prisoner taking his first steps after his release. He knew he was being overdramatic, but hey, a little bit of drama hadn’t killed anyone yet. He turned to Cas, grinning.
A noise woke Dean up. He lay with his eyes closed, listening to the silence, trying to catch what it was. A bird? Maybe a dog barking somewhere in the distance? But everything was quiet now; even the rain had stopped. It had to be pretty early. He turned to the side, stretching lazily. Sunlight coming from the window made his eyelids look red from the inside; he squeezed his eyes to shut it out.
After a minute or two of debating with himself Dean swallowed his pride and went to look for Castiel. He found him still in the living room, this time thankfully completely dressed. He sat in the armchair, reading
“Actually, he called Charlie. I think he was hoping we wouldn’t tell you. But at the same time he didn’t want to say why, so. He found us a hunt.”
“Oh.” Dean should’ve guessed that. “So do you need some kind of a password to open it? Like ‘Open Sesame’?” he asked half-jokingly.
They walked in silence for some time, Dean lost in thoughts. There was something bizarre about the whole situation. He watched Castiel move in front of him, graceful, natural, in perfect harmony with everything around. It was ridiculous, but even with his doubts about Castiel’s intentions, Dean felt safe, despite everything that happened, both years ago and that day. He wondered briefly if this could be some kind of a spell, but he didn’t think so somehow.
Was this what it meant? Did he have a crush on Castiel? The word felt dumb in his mind; crushes were something that happened to teenagers. But there was no other explanation for the way he felt about a guy he’d met less than a day ago. And the actual scary part was that he didn’t want those feelings to pass. He wanted them to grow, and wanted a chance to figure out where this barely-formed thing could take them. Castiel not being on the same page would make him miserable. So maybe he
Dean snorted, sitting beside him. “That’s a heavy question to start a conversation with, Cas.” He lost himself in thought. “Well. I’m not hunting anymore. Maybe a few cases a year, and it’s less and less… But Charlie, you remember Charlie, right? So, she helped me with starting this internet site for hunters. I mostly give advice now.”
“Your feet don’t hurt from all those roots and other shit you step on?” he asked, to occupy his mind with something else.
Sometimes it wasn’t enough. In those moments Dean asked himself why the best thing in his life was being taken away from him over and over again. Why Cas seemed to be married more to the sea than to him. And he still hated the nights before Cas’ departure.
“Are you sure?” he asked, scratching the back of his head, his eyebrows raised. This wasn’t anywhere near the direction he expected their whatever-it-was to go.
At first nothing happened and Dean was ready to admit it was a bust. Then, suddenly, the flames shot up to the roof for a few seconds, singeing the beams. The room became very cold, and a blurry shape of a young woman wearing a short gray dress appeared in front of them. The same woman Dean remembered from the photos. He would’ve been lying if he said it wasn’t almost as scary as his encounter with saber-toothed cat. Though at least this time nothing was going to try to kill him. Hopefully.
Dean sighed, feeling the chill creeping down his back where Cas’ body wasn’t touching him. “As much as I love the idea, I’m getting cold, Cas.”
Dean frowned. “That’s a stupid name, Cas. And I’m still not sure I want to have that thing around.” It’d been five days since they’d discovered the dreameater under Dean’s bed and made a trip to Old Grove, and Dean wasn’t any closer to deciding what he wanted to do. The sane part of him wanted to forget about everything, but he couldn’t deny that leaving the portal open would give him very interesting opportunities. For now he was giving himself time to think, and maybe in a few days decision would become easier.
Missouri lived on the outskirts of the city in a big stump covered with green patches of moss and vines, a few flower boxes hanging from the windows. Dean could feel magic moving, swirling all around the stump, just like it did in the temple. Feeling its current move past him wasn’t as overwhelming as it was the first time around, but it still made him somewhat uneasy, and he was happy when it passed after a few deep breaths.
before. And seeing his best friend after so long, now unexpectedly and unbelievably tangible, was bizarre. Even if the whole thing was just a mirage patched from his memories.
and Dean couldn’t tell whether it was an allusion to his dick or if the guy had a real life golem at his place. Dean didn’t dare ask, and to be honest both options weren’t exactly encouraging.
It has given souls to the trees. And it’s the reason that I’m here. If there are others like the Heart somewhere, then perhaps there are more forest spirits. Other than that I don’t know.”
Dean paced back and forth by his car, not sure what to do. Too mad to drive, too mad to face Cas. Did he want to scream? Did he want to punch Cas? Did he even believe what Cas had said? Would Cas have reasons to make it up? The spirit was of course still there, standing in silence, apparently waiting for him to speak. Dean wished Castiel would just leave, at least until he calmed down. But the guy couldn’t take a hint sometimes.
“I’m an imaginary friend,” Castiel said calmly, the only person unfazed by the spirit’s presence. “I live here.”
“Okay, fine,” Dean agreed. “But if something goes wrong and one of us gets possessed, I’m gonna kick your ass.” If someone had suggested a séance a few weeks ago he would have thought it was a joke, but now he had no reason not to believe it would work. And maybe he should be scared by the prospect of summoning a ghost, but honestly? He just wanted to finish making his lasagna and eat it in peace.
“CAS!” Dean yelled, unable to stop himself. Before he could do anything, Benotn leaped through the clearing, pinning him down. Dean landed at a weird angle, feeling his leg snap. A wave of burning pain jolted through his whole body. He could see a bone sticking out from his shin.
Dean swallowed. He knew next to nothing about his grandfather, so every story would be new to him no matter what, but he hadn’t expected to hear that Josie and Henry knew each other. It made sense when he thought of it, but for some reason it still felt like two worlds collided with each other in his head. Until now, he wasn’t even completely sure Henry knew about the portal. It was hard still to picture him with Josie, planning a trip to Old Grove.
Dean touched the stone, activating the portal, and observed with satisfaction as Charlie’s eyes grew wider when it opened. She moved closer to the archway and touched the surface, her fingers vanishing in it. Small ripples crossed the space under the arch, crashing against the stone.
“Like what? He was a pirate captain. He cared about his ship and the crew more than he did about some random guy who wanted to join in. But you’re right. Like I said, that was just in the beginning. James saw that Henry was a skilled sailor and believed he could be a valuable member of the crew. He made sure Henry had a chance to prove himself, and soon enough Henry became equal with the other crew members.”
The silence fell again, more comfortable than before. They were done with the first floor an hour later, and moved to the second, talking from time to time. Castiel wasn’t that bad, if Dean was honest with himself. Maybe they could really make this work somehow.
“It’s too early for this. I need coffee,” he mumbled, getting up and heading downstairs. Castiel followed after him without a word, padding through the corridor barefoot.
“You… you are something special, you know. Grace or not. Always have been.” Dean smiled lazily. Maybe the painkillers were a little too strong, Cas thought, trying to ignore a weird, warm feeling that spread through him.
“It is.” Castiel nodded, and paused for a while. “It’s going to be interesting, living with someone.”
It was still pretty early and all the guests relaxed in the living room after breakfast. A couple from the other world, Anna and Ruby, was playing some kind of magic card game, the spells moving between cards in puffs of smoke. They’d been looking for a place where they could get away from Anna’s family, who were dissatisfied with her life choices. Going to another world seemed a little extreme, but hey, whatever worked for them.
“That’s reassuring,” Dean snorted, holding the lantern so that Cas could start the fire. He hoped Jo was just joking, but it was hard to tell with his little knowledge of magic.
“Shit. Thanks, Cas,” he huffed, sagging down, dizzy with relief. He was so unbelievably grateful to see Castiel that he almost threw his arms around him and kissed him right there. Fortunately, his leg was still stuck and he couldn’t move. He didn’t need another disaster right now.
“Okay,” Cas said, taking off his shirt. There was a new tattoo on his ribs, a honeycomb with bees and flowers, and Dean stopped changing into his pajama pants to take a look at it, take a look at Cas. Sometimes he still had to remind himself that he could do that, that it was something boyfriends did, something Cas probably wanted.
Dean moved a hand across his mouth. “Why didn’t you just come back to Oak Mill? You could’ve say something, you could’ve-- ”
Dean felt tears gathering in the corners of his eyes. Give it to Cas to say some sappy thing that destroyed him on the spot. He was glad Cas had added
Castiel led them to a small, grassy hill, far enough from the street lights that the stars were clearly visible. Everything around them was almost entirely quiet, only rustling leaves and a few lone cars passing in the distance breaking the silence. It was hard to believe they were still in the middle of a city.
The boys fell silent simultaneously. Suddenly their loud voices felt like a violation of the stillness around them. It was too quiet. No animal sounds, no wind moving the leaves, nothing. The only things they could still hear were their own breaths and steps as they moved forward.
“Too bad.” Dean kissed him again, sucking on his lower lip, pulling him even closer. They tumbled into the grass, earthy smell filling Dean’s nostrils. Cas moved on top of him, pressing soft kisses to his neck, his chin, the corners of his mouth. He caught Dean’s hands and pushed them to the ground next to his head, intertwining their fingers. Dean hummed with approval, catching his lips.
Cas is momentarily startled, turning on his side to look at his friend. “If I could give you my limb, Dean, you know I would.”
His attentions are focused on a fictional retelling of the life of Elizabeth of York when Dean appears at his elbow. “See anything you like?”
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas hopes he sounds as sincere as he feels when he takes the offered plate. It seems that it works when Dean grunts noncommittal, but his cheeks flush and he ducks his head. Cas takes the small enjoyment for what it is and heads to the table. Dean prefers to sit across from Cas, so he places himself next to Sam, who gives him a gentle elbow to the ribs before going back to his own breakfast.
Fuck, he’s so far gone on this man, he decided to hold his hand like teenager at the movies. He’s feeling similarly, hand tingling at the memory alone.
Except, it isn’t. Because Castiel suddenly has his own thoughts, alone, to cope with. There is nothing to focus on. No rebellion, no purpose, no use-
Dean snatches the book from him before he can finish his sentence. He smirks at Cas, knocking his chin. The touch electrifies Cas and numbs his mind for a moment, long enough that he simply stands there while Dean tosses the book in the cart and starts walking toward the registers.
He remembers Jimmy, locked away inside him and mourning the sacrifice of his family. He thinks of Claire and her only concern being her father’s well being. He thinks of how he failed them both.
They spoke about everything and somehow nothing. Cas explained his fall from Grace, his love for Dean and Sam and humanity. They discussed his apparent need to please and touched on his usefulness for the Winchesters.
Cas turns sharply. Sam is in the doorway, holding his own basket of bed linens, that soft look on his face that Cas both hates and loves. Hates it because it feels like unnecessary concern, loves it because Sam only looks at Dean like that. It makes Cas feel special, even if he doesn’t deserve it.
“Nah, I can get a better deal at Big Ollie’s,” he says. His eyes drop to the book in Castiel’s hands. “Lets get that one, yeah? Give you something to read when you want to take your mind off things.”
Dean pushes off the bookshelf and shoots a lopsided smile at Sam. “This conversation is not happening. Go back to your books.”
“Don’t be cute,” Dean grumbles, linking their fingers together. “But whatever. Since you’re nervous and all.”
Cas cuts him off by tilting his face up and pressing his lips to Dean’s jaw. Tension bleeds from Dean’s limbs and he draws Castiel closer, his own lips pressing to Cas’s forehead. It’s chaste, nowhere near reflecting the desire normally curling through his body where Dean is concerned. But, neither press for more. Instead, they go back to where they lay, curled together with Dean running his hands comfortingly over Castiel’s body, humming a song under his breath.
Instead, he is drawn into a terrible state of in-between. His skin begins to crawl, something moving under the surface to give him a distinct discomfort he cannot name. It prevents him from sleeping. He tosses within the sheets that looked welcoming hours ago. Now, however, they’re insufferable, confining him so that he cannot properly breathe. And in all of this, when he tries to pull focus from the sweat gathering at the base of his spine, his mind...his mind turns.
Cas says it before he can stop himself. He feels foolish, wants to swallow the words back down, but they’re out there and he has to wait for Dean’s response. There isn’t much of one at first. He only sucks in a sharp breath, tensing beside Cas in the dark.
Castiel’s eyes close. He doesn’t want to argue, so he takes a slow breath. “My point still stands. I’ve asked much of you. So I ask for one more thing. Patience.”
Cas nods again. Dean nods back, once, and looks back to the ceiling. His fingers began tracing the back of Castiel’s knuckles, touch light enough to be considered tender, but firm enough that it doesn’t tickle. It sends a spark up Cas’s nerves, right into the base of his skull. Almost immediately, the images of Jimmy and Claire that flash through his mind fuzz into static.
“Do you think he keeps coming out when he knows I’m gone?” Dean does not pout when he asks. At the responding look from Sam, Dean decides he doesn’t want to know and plops down onto their makeshift vigil pallet. “Nevermind. Get some shut eye, Sam.”
Dean is sitting on his bed. He’s listening to something through his headphones, wearing nothing but his boxers and a t-shirt as he lays on top of the covers and scribbles something on a notepad. He is, of course, breathtaking in how at peace he looks. It’s very rarely that Dean Winchester is at ease, the lines of his shoulders relaxed and the angle of his jaw not quite so prominent from the ever-present clenching through stress. Castiel forgets his anxieties for a moment and simply takes him in.
It’s easier to busy himself with his food, spreading the salsa across the omelet before spearing it with his fork. When he scoops it into his mouth, the mixture of cheese and tomatoes and peppers settles pleasantly on Cas’ tongue. He realizes he’s barely eaten anything besides granola bars for nearly two weeks, as everything has tasted like sawdust. But not this food, prepared by his dearest friend in their...home.
A memory that leads him to thinking of what it was to hold Cas in his bed last night, run his fingers down his arm and listen to the way his breathing evened out. Dean almost wishes that he did something artistic. Cas deserves someone that could write a sonnet about the way his hair looks in the morning, or the sound of his laugh while they drive down the road in Baby, or how his eyes flick up into Dean’s because he’s also ducking his head to hide a smile and his lashes perfectly frame those fucking eyes-
Cas leans against the window in the back seat, eyes closed. He is, frankly, exhausted. Dr. Alioni warned him about this, but it's more than he expected.
“Because what he’s describing I’ve dealt with,” Sam snaps. He ignores his brother and turns to Cas again. “Are you? Having panic attacks?”
“Hey.” Dean pushes his headphones off and sits up. “Are you like...having one of your moments? That you were talking about at breakfast the other day?”
“In the silence I’ve experienced since I fell, my head is somehow loud. I can’t seem to stop my own thoughts. They twist and they turn until it is easier to sink into the darkness and not feel. If I feel, I hurt, and then I cannot breathe for the weight of the hurt.”
He thinks about lying, but he is resolute on not doing that anymore. “I cannot always rely on you to quiet my mind. Even if I want to. It is not your burden to bear.”
“Stop,” he tells himself. He reaches blindly for the light, flicking it off. The dark brings some reprieve. “Stop it, stop it, focus Castiel.”
Cas can tell Dean is trying to lighten the mood. He smiles, wishing he had more to offer. He doesn’t, however, and Dean takes it in stride. He digs through his drawer and finds a pair of loose cotton pants, tossing them in Castiel’s general direction. Cas catches it, following the wordless command to strip his jeans. Dean does the same, following it up with shrugging out of his overshirt. He’s left in boxers and a t-shirt before he moves to turn the light off. The door is cracked, offering a sliver of light from the hallway, and Cas feels something in his chest loosen.
“I do want you around,” Dean speaks in measured words. “I’m sorry if I didn’t make it clear. I want you here, with me. As, you know. More than, well...more than. I can’t get my own shit together and I’m a mess and a half, but I’d lose it if you left, man. I need you. I want you.”
As if sensing Castiel’s gaze, his hand pauses and he looks up. His eyebrows scrunch together. “Cas. You okay?”
It’s said in the early morning, when the bunker lights are still low and Dean’s only just murmured that he’s awake. Cas didn’t mean to bother him first thing, but he finds that he doesn’t regret it when Dean gives him a soft, sleepy smile. “Okay. I’m gonna call Garth and see if he knows anyone in the psychiatric field, since that might be easier for you. Not having to hide anything.”
His throat constricts of its own accord, and his lips part in an attempt to take in more air. Dean notices immediately, a frown on his face. “Cas?”
No such relief comes. Cas stays curled against the iron, sinking into the floor, refusing his tears and captured by his own mind.
“Okay but the general thing surprised me,” Sam sasses back. “It may have been a weak push, but he looked so…”
“She’s expecting us at eleven,” Dean says hesitantly. “Figured we could go ahead and get ready to leave.”
He takes Sam to the bookstore he found online, barely giving himself time to be impressed by its sheer magnitude. Sam goes off, straight to the section of Midwestern Native American Culture, and leaves Dean to pace through the bookshelves without paying much attention at all.
“Waiting for you, man.” Dean scratches at the back of his neck. “You wouldn’t come out of your room, wouldn’t talk to us. I was kinda freakin’ out, you know?”
Dean is clearly contemplating an argument, but Castiel must appear pathetic enough that he simply tosses his hands up in surrender. “Fine. But if you’re not in the kitchen for breakfast in thirty minutes, I’m dragging you out of the shower myself.”
Still not trusting himself with words, Castiel takes the offered earbud. Dean scoots down into a laying-down position so his head is level with Cas and they don’t strain the length of the cord. “Alright, we’ve got the greatest hits in right now, which can be your crash course. I don’t think all of them are their greatest, and I definitely think it's a crime that Hammer to Fall isn’t on here, but we’ll hit that later. For now, we start with a classic: Somebody to Love.”
“Okay,” Dean says. “I’m gonna, uh, go get you a washcloth, okay? We’ll keep it wrapped. You are off kitchen duty for the morning.”
“Defeated.” Sam stood from the floor and gave Dean his best I See You Hurting Bitch Face. “Stop snapping at me because you’re worried about him. Or because I laid eyes on him and you didn’t.”
Cas halts from where he’s scooping potatoes into the skillet that Dean holds, his friend’s mouth snapping shut. Cas looks at him with slightly wide eyes, unable to close off his feelings. There’s a large relief that Dean doesn’t necessarily want him to go away, and something softer at the implication Dean is making: that he enjoyed having Cas with him.
“Cas, it’s fine, its just-” Dean pinches off his words and steps closer. “Can we talk about it what locked you in your room for forever?”
Cas heaves himself out of bed, a painful stinging behind his eyes. He doesn’t know how to make a cup of coffee.
He’s stopped short at the sight of Dean, scrambling to his feet like he’s shocked to see Cas. As if Cas is the one out of place. As if he wasn’t just sitting on a pile of blankets and his face doesn’t have creases from the way it was smushed into his pillow.
Not wanting to be any more of an inconvenience, Cas ensures that he gets ready quickly. He ignores the lure of the shower, with the hot water and heavy pressure on his muscles. Instead, he simply runs a brush through his hair and washes his face. He smiles through the process, remembering Dean’s light groaning to contradict Sam’s encouragement on the importance of skin care. The memory, as well as the process of applying a “serum” and lotion, calms Castiel’s nerves.
“I struggle to comprehend that, and I ask that you give me time. That you give me patience with that, as well as whatever is wrong with me.”
Obeying this most recent instruction means that Castiel’s arm now lays across Dean’s torso. The hunter clears his throat and readjusts Cas’s limb to be more comfortable for them both. “Alright. Let me know if it doesn’t work and we’ll find something else to do, yeah?”
“I want to,” Dean says, voice impossibly soft. “If you’re okay with being touched by me, this is something I want to do. I like bringing you comfort.”
Dean doesn’t hold hands with people. He barely did it with Cassie, and he never did with Lisa. No, that’s something he apparently indulges Cas in, holding his fucking hand in plain view of Sam. In front of this strange doctor.
He’s laying in bed, unable to focus his mind. He wishes this wouldn’t happen at night, as he’s attempting to rest, but his mind rarely turns over on itself when he has a day full of distractions. Cataloging and reorganizing the library should have exhausted him, as it alternated with days of mental and physical work. He doesn’t understand how he can be so tired, and yet.
Dean arches an eyebrow and whips out his phone. Not looking away from Cas, his green eyes sparkling with mischief, he types something hastily. Cas is fighting a smile, enjoying how it feels to be with Dean and not worrying about anything other than them.
Just as his breath shortens and the air turns stale, Castiel kicks away the covers. He can’t - won’t - do this again. Not after coming awake from the past few weeks. He has to get out of here, get new air. So, he throws himself from his bed and stumbles for the door.
“Dean.” Cas rolls further to his side, tucking his hands under his own cheek to prevent himself from touching his friend even more. “You do realize this is not about you, correct? Whatever is happening to me is not a result of you lacking something. This home you’ve given me, your friendship...they are everything to me. I hate that I have nothing to give.”
The endearment washes over him, and he nods. Dean opens the car door, and Castiel lovingly runs his hands over the leather as he leaves the seat. Together, they walk inside silently. Dean doesn’t look at Cas, but their hands slide together and he leads them back to his room. “Dean, what-”
he remembers Dean saying. It was early morning on a hunt, and Dean was rubbing sleep from his eyes like a child, but also gripping a cup of hot coffee.
The hunter looks at his phone and grins. “According to google, research is defined as ‘the systematic investigation into and study of materials and sources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions.’ So observation should be included in that.”
“I, uh,” Castiel begins, then stops, clearing his throat. Sweat gathers at the back of his spine and his brow prickles and there’s nothing cold around him and- “I’m sorry, I am very tired. I’m going to go lie down, if it’s alright with you.”
So when he gets into his new bed that night to rest, he isn’t expecting restlessness. He is exhausted, the pull of sleep so alluring he closes his eyes and knows he will slip into the oblivion he so rarely knew as an angel.
“Nah, Superior has an old bookstore. I’m taking Sammy to nerd out during your appointment. And there’s a killer diner in the middle of their downtown area - best Rueben you’ll ever have.”
“To a professional,” Sam huffs. “We can be here for you, but what just happened? Isn’t something we can just ignore.”
“Is reading not the main component of research?” Cas teases back. “If there’s another way, I’d be delighted to hear it.”
“Wanna, uh, talk about it?” Dean says, an awkward invitation at best. Cas still loves him for it, and shakes his head as he slides into the sheets. “Alright, then, distraction. I’m a professional at that, so we’re gonna start with a lil’
Cas smiles as the music begins to play. It’s a weak smile at best, but Dean seems to take it for the encouragement it is and grins to himself. He turns his gaze to the ceiling. Castiel opts to close his heavy eyes, thinking this may be how he relaxes, but he’s seized with a tightness in his chest. Behind his eyelids is the bleeding face of Jimmy, pleading for his daughter’s life. His eyes snap back open on a short breath.
With that one thought, the breath is stolen from his lungs. He kneels on the stone floor of the bunker bedroom, as if chasing the cold will make him breathe again.
Dr. Aliona was an older woman with silver hair and uncomfortably violet eyes. Dean had trouble looking at her during introductions, but Cas seemed soothed by her soft voice and the soft handshake she gave. She let them both know that for this appointment, she would just be asking him a few questions about his symptoms and his thought processes. It wasn’t going to be too difficult, and they would just spend this time getting to know one another. It would be about an hour and a half, and Dean could come pick him back up.
Cas elects not to say anything else. He watches in what he hopes is a subtle fashion, slowing his movements so he can mimic Sam’s actions as needed. The other man continues as if Castiel is not present, reaching for the wire cart in the room and opening a bottle of clear liquid. He pours some into the cap. Dumping it into the washer, he then recaps the bottle and passes it to Cas wordlessly. Cas hesitantly does the same thing he saw Sam do before walking the bottle back to its place on the cart. Meanwhile, Sam presses some buttons on the machine and collects his basket, nodding to Cas on his way out.
“No worries, man,” Sam shrugs. He steps fully into the room, heading to what Cas assumes must be the washers. “There’s plenty of room for both. One of the perks of the bunker.”
This is the exact reason Dean didn’t want to take shifts for their Cas vigil. He knew that the second he went to bed, Cas would come out of his room. Sure enough, Dean missed seeing the face he hasn’t seen for almost a week.
Cas startles at the sound, looking up. Dean is watching him with something akin to amusement, the corner of his mouth tilted up in a teasing smirk. “You reading or researching?”
In the store, Dean is looking for a new TV stand while Castiel stands amongst the books and finds himself reading the backs of many. He’s always loved stories, carried a millennia in his mind. He wonders if this is how humans cope with limited minds. They have stories in their heads that they cannot keep, so they put them onto paper and their minds are free to learn other things.
And they lay together until Cas can’t even focus on the music, and his mind goes from static to powered down.
Castiel has gotten better at lying, but swore he would no longer do it to Dean or Sam. So instead of giving a falsehood, he looks down and takes another bite of his food. This proves to frustrate Dean, who clenches his fists in Cas’s periphery.
But now, he’s unable to stop himself. The ache is too strong and his mind is turning in on itself again. It’s everything he’s ever done wrong, laid out for him to see...except it’s still in his mind.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” Dean says, just shy of gentle. “Made you an omelet, lots of cheese like you like. Salsa’s on the table.”
“It’s alright, Sam.” Cas wonders if the brothers can see the effort draining from him, and attempts to bolster himself. “I mostly occupy myself with thoughts of my wrongdoings and shortcomings. Of the fact that I have no use to you both any longer, and I am completely incompetent in basic human practices-”
It’s remarkable: how Dean sometimes sees Cas so well, even when he doesn’t voice his thoughts. Dean knows him. Knows that, if told by the brothers that he had to speak to someone, he would. And yet Dean is giving him an out, giving him an option.
He and Dean are sitting in the library. He requested Cas come help him with some research, his words taking a tone that Cas has learned not to argue with. So they sit across from one another, fresh cups of coffee between them, and steadily search through books for information on how to deal with wood nymphs. Castiel finds no information about their deaths other than cutting them off from access to their home (information Garth says is not helpful). Thus, he spends most of their time flipping through a journal holding a personal account from a British Man of Letters, which details his experience with the wood nymph’s healing abilities. He’s just getting to the part where the man is being taught how to center himself with the earth’s magic when Dean taps the table in front of him.
“Thank you, Castiel, “Dean eventually whispered with closed eyes, his voice hoarse and on the edge of breaking. “Thanks for saving me tonight.”
“Well, go knock on their door and find out for us, will ya, Castiel?” Jo said and she smirked at him.
Dean shook his head and Castiel thought he looked quite sad when he said “He just doesn’t like dogs that much. Says they cause too much dirt and they cost too much, what with the regular veterinary appointments and illnesses and such.”
Dean’s eyes were shining with bashful hopefulness as he allowed himself to think of the possibility of staying here, then he frowned and shook his head.
A cheeky giggle came from the other side. “Ma’am? God, you are an old-fashioned one, huh? No, we do not know each other but I would very much like to meet you.”
This was very dissatisfying and Castiel was inclined to just keep texting Charlie until she revealed what was going on via phone but then he realized that was probably childish. She was his friend and probably had a good reason why she needed him to leave. She would explain. Later.
Although he had been smiling at his husband, he had been screaming on the inside. He had been convinced that Alastair would realize the truth right there and then, that he would have walked up to Castiel and hit him in the face, then he would have beaten him into the ground until he was nothing more than a bloody pulp.
“Heya, what’s up?” She asked as she leaned against the frame of the door and she smiled at him expectantly.
“Okay, okay, calm down, bro, I hear you, “she said quickly, raising her hands defiantly and after a few seconds of staring at each other he sat back beside her, dropping his head in despairing frustration.
He forced himself to open his eyes and look into his husband’s furious ones. “Y-yes, I understand, “he whispered, but his throat was parched, and he could barely form any words, because of his busted lip.
Impatiently he waited for her reply, suppressing a shiver as the rain drizzled into his neck. After a few minutes, she still hadn’t replied, and he noticed in frustration that she hadn’t even read his text. That was very unusual, usually, she replied within seconds. Of all the days for her to stray off course …
But now, in his current mood, it was the perfect solution. His weekends were lonely and miserable and he was no good friend or family member to anyone - so why not do something useful with his time? It would keep him from becoming an alcoholic and a fat loser. Moreover, it would keep him busy, save him some time from being his sad, lovesick self. To keep sane, to keep himself distracted. He realized he needed this, so he decided to go for it.
But he was so rough and unforgiving when he was like this and every time he used him like this it was as if a small part inside of him died.
Castiel just glared at him and Alastair grinned as if he wanted to mock Castiel openly. “Are you aware that you were speeding, Mr. Novak?” he asked casually.
Finally, the day of his party had arrived and Castiel was really nervous. He had spent quite some time planning it – from the lights and decoration to types of meat and salads to buy and prepare. He realized he overdid it, it was only a little neighbourhood party in his garden to introduce himself and get to know everybody. It was almost ridiculous. But he couldn’t help himself, he caught himself browsing through his cooking books and enjoying himself. In the end he decided to just go with it and do as he pleased.
“Shhhh, “Alastair soothed as he held him and stroked him. “It’s alright, baby. Cry yourself out, you’ll feel better afterward. But be aware that I have forgiven you for your trespassing. You will learn from this and not make the same mistake again. I am sorry that you are hurting. Tomorrow you will call at work in sick, stay home for a few weeks, allow yourself to heal. Shhh, baby, calm down. I love you.”
There were at least two hundred people in the audience and he quickly realised that his chances of finding them were pretty low. Also, it was dark, and he was having trouble seeing so on instinct he just sat down on a free chair on the edge of a row in the back, gently pushing Shoshanna down to lay by his chair. The woman next to him spared him a curious glance, and then looked back at the stage where the boys were performing the chorus for one last time.
It was really frustrating and Castiel could only deal with the disappointment by throwing himself into his work. Because it was only his first week, he had a lot to do, obviously: he had to get to know his patients as well as their owners. He learned how Alex liked to handle heir patients and he got to know the practice’s two veterinary technicians, Garth and Meg. (Garth was a really nice and harmless person and Castiel got along with him really quickly. Meg was blunt, very blunt, which caused Castiel to wince a few times when she spoke about their patient’s conditions and he tried to get her to be a little more sensitive but to no avail. She also liked to tease him by calling him “Clarence” which drove him crazy…)
Sure enough, Alastair took a step forward, crowding Castiel against his car in an obvious attempt to intimidate him. He loomed over Castiel as something cold flashed in his eyes and the smile disappeared from his face, dropping all pretence.
“Okay, I want you to close your eyes and breathe with me, “he said as he looked at Dean seriously. “Can you do that?”
His husband’s voice was eerily calm and Dean was completely awake within an instant. Something was wrong.
Bitterness washed over him, tightening his throat, choking him. No. No, Castiel wouldn’t. He would probably be very angry at Dean. He would be angry at himself for even bothering with someone useless like that. Someone pathetic like him. He would maybe be a little upset for a few days, then forget him.
“Everything will be fine soon, “Alastair said, almost soothingly. “I just need to give you your punishment. I have given you the time you needed to heal and now it is time for you to atone for your sin.”
He was about to start and a sudden flash in his eyes followed by swallowing betrayed his nervousness.
Then he noticed the dinner plates were already full of food – salmon (as if Alastair had read his mind) in a lemon butter sauce with brown rice and grilled asparagus - their glasses filled with white wine.
Dean’s words forced themselves out between heavy, hectic breaths and desperate, strangled sobs, as he finally opened his eyes again, immediately causing fresh tears to spill out of his eyes.
“Let me think about it, okay?” she said softly. “I can’t promise anything, but I’d like to think about it for a while. For now, you should just concentrate on diverting yourself. Work some overtime, do some stuff in your garden, something like that. You can come over for a few drinks with Jo and me or we could do movie nights. Whatever you fancy, I’m here for ya, Castiel.”
Listen to Simon & Garfunkel's beautiful "Bridge over Troubled Waters" to know what it's all about, preferably the album version from 1970, sung by Garfunkel. There are jazzier, more recent versions, sung by Simon, but I wanted the original piano version for this scene. I don't know if Dean (=Jensen) would be able to sing this, but he seems to have an incredible range so I just hope it fits :) He's such a great singer and this needed to be included into the story.
She slapped his shoulder slightly. “Stop it. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Everyone needs a good cry once in a while and you were much in need of this.” She looked at him more earnestly, her soft green eyes piercing into his blue ones with calm intensity.
“You wouldn’t betray me, sweetheart, right?” Alastair asked quietly, and there was something in his expression that almost crushed Dean, something sinister and something downright obsessive that he felt he was completely lost in those eyes. It was as if he was imprisoned, trapped. Although those eyes seemed so tender and loving and he knew that he was loved by that man above him to a point that it was borderline dangerous. It was a love so deep and so intense that he knew he would be unwise to reject it.
“Uhm, well, uh, I-I don’t wanna get, you know….” Dean was stuttering again, barely getting out his sentence, “I don’t wanna get fat.”
He caught himself staring at the empty space in front of him and shook his head, trying to get rid of the haze inside his head. He desperately needed to distract himself. Then he became aware of the throbbing pain in his hand and he realized the knuckles of his right hand were bleeding.
She rattled off the address and he faintly noticed that she seemed to live on the same street as he although on the other end. She bade him goodbye and he found himself staring at his phone again.
Castiel stopped and just stood there, his shoulders slumped as almost all the tension left his body.
And all of a sudden everything stopped. The tongue inside his mouth disappeared and a small chaste peck on his lips marked the end of this interaction.
“Could you please open your mouth for me?” he asked after he had put away the washcloth. “I need to check your teeth.”
One of the neighbours had even called the police because of his fit and he had to explain everything to them, including the dent in his neighbour’s car – fortunately he hadn’t been charged with anything, although he had to pay for the damage on the car, another reason for his father to get angry at him.
Alastair collapsed on top of him, and Dean winced under the sudden weight, although thankfully, his husband was considerate enough to not fall onto his back instead settling his upper body next to Dean, his lower body still covering Dean’s.
If he was doomed to a life where he could never be truly happy maybe he could allow himself this small indulgence. A small memory to give him strength, to keep his demons at bay, to keep him... sane?
Cain’s eyes twinkled and his lips twitched as he grinned and leaned forward, right into Dean’s personal space.
“Alright, be back in just a second.” She scurried off and left Dean alone. He sighed and let his eyes rake over the room when suddenly a huge fluffy cat jumped up the couch and settled herself right into his lap before he could protest.
Castiel sighed as he was about to get out of his chair, a feeling of disappointment and frustration settling in the pit of his stomach, when the announcer continued:
“I’m going to fuck you, Dean, “Alastair whispered into his ear. “Right here, right now, against the counter.”
The edges of Dean’s lips curled upwards a little, although the smile didn’t reach his eyes. “I promise.” And then he left.
“No, Mom, really, I think I will manage. Yes, I’ll have to work a lot, but I will have some free time, too, mostly weekends of course and then I’ve got to do something. Being outside in the sunshine with my clippers and my shovel will give me the chance to relax a little. You know I’ve always wanted my own garden.”
Please take note that this is one of the darker chapters! We'll get our first real glimpse at Dean and Alastair's marriage and it's not exactly pleasant.
“Dean, I need to make sure you have no concussion.” Immediately, he saw Dean’s body tense at these words.
“Oh, you’ll be the star of the town, Cassie, “Gabriel chuckled and winked at him again. He was a good brother and Castiel loved him dearly, but he could never really be serious, could he?
“I...I can’t do this, “he murmured, and then he was moving, quickly striding across the room, keeping his head down to the as he reached for the doorknob.
Feeling a little better, he entered the bathroom and thoroughly cleaned himself up. He washed his face and between his legs, coaxing the remaining semen out of his sore hole, trying to ignore the pain and the small amount of blood that came with it. The wounds would heal. They did it every time, he would be fine.
Friday afternoon came and was on the way home, Shoshanna by his side as always. After work he had visited the store again in the hopes of seeing a certain someone but again, he had been disappointed. Hence, he was in a subdued mood as he walked down the street. The sky was blue, the sun was shining, and he felt as if they wanted to mock him for feeling blue.
“Hey, “the man said in his smooth honey-like voice, “I’m sorry, could you please tell me the way into town? I’m visiting a friend of mine for a few days and was just walking around, trying to settle in while he’s still working. He told me it was easy, but it seems I’ve failed to find the right way.”
He tried to keep calm as Alastair gave him the once-over again. He seemed to assess Dean’s state of mind and when he had seemingly come to a conclusion his jaw set firmly. He continued to stare at Dean with a strange expression on his face, as his hands reached down towards his jeans and he slowly pulled his leather belt out of the loops. Dean followed his movement with his eyes, and he steeled himself for what was to come, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallowed heavily again.
It was a choked sound that came out of Dean’s throat and Castiel pulled back, worried, but before he could do anything else,  Dean practically collapsed against him, throwing his arms around him in a desperate embrace and Castiel reacted at once, his own arms automatically wrapping around the other man, holding him tight.
Dean swallowed and nodded, closing his eyes, when he felt his husband’s large hands on his backside, massaging the globes greedily. He could hear Alastair spit into his hand and he pressed his lips together when a finger quickly slipped between his cheeks, finding his hole immediately. He couldn’t help but wince when it pressed inside him, and he told himself to relax, preparing himself mentally for what was about to come.
He didn’t even demand sex. It was as if he knew that engaging in sex would be very hurtful for Dean in his current condition and even when Dean offered himself to Alastair on the fourth day, proclaiming that he was fine, that Alastair had his needs, the older man refused to follow through.
Eventually, Dean’s breathing returned to normal. All strength seemed to leave Dean’s body then, because suddenly his knees buckled and he flopped down onto his rear, catching himself on the palms of his hands. He curled into himself and he let his head drop down between his knees.
It seemed this was his life now. He had a husband that loved him, and he tried to make him happy but somehow, he always seemed to fail him. What was wrong with him? Why couldn’t he be just a normal person?
Silently, Dean berated himself but forced his face to stay still as well. After a quick automatic turn of his head towards his husband he turned it back straight forward and waited.
She texted Dean then, in Castiel’s presence, asking him if she could come over to play the guitar with him looking over her shoulder. They were both disappointed when Dean refused but at the same time, it was incredibly relieving to look at his text, see the evidence of his well-being right there on the phone. Even if he was injured and under his husband’s control, he was alive and well enough to write a text.
The hours flew by and suddenly it was 12 o’clock – lunch break. Alex asked him to sit down and eat with her. That’s when he realized he had forgotten to pack himself something for lunch. He was quite embarrassed, and Alex laughed when she saw the frown on his face.
Ten minutes later they were sitting in quite comfortable garden chairs in Charlie’s and Jo’s beautiful backyard with fresh coffee. Charlie produced a tennis ball from somewhere and began throwing it, so Shoshanna had something to do. Castiel was grateful that Charlie was nice to his dog. She really hadn’t gotten a lot of exercise lately.
Castiel tried to clean the cut amidst the darkly bruised area, but judging from the sharp hiss and the way Dean’s face contorted it was very obvious his touch was causing Dean too much pain.
“Of course.” Dean nodded and smiled so openly that Castiel felt a feeling of warmth spread in his chest. He handed Dean a cloth to dry the dishes with, grabbed his own wet cloth and they went to work side by side, cleaning and drying the dishes.
The woman however didn’t seem perturbed. “But that’s not really a problem, is it? Just because you didn’t teach adults until now doesn’t mean you’re not good at it, right?”
“I can’t, Castiel!” Dean cried out, his voice bordering on hysterical. “I can’t! He will kill us both when he finds out about us, I just know that he will! Please, Cas! Let me go - there is no other way!”
Castiel’s eyes hardened and he nodded. His blood was racing hot in his veins and he was tempted to scream back at Alastair, to challenge him to a fist fight, to threaten him with talking to his superiors. Anything to lessen the throbbing pain inside his hands, begging him to let go and just do it. But he didn’t do anything. It would only get him in trouble. And Dean probably too.
“Oh, I see you and Azazel already got acquainted with each other, “Charlie said as she re-entered the living room and placed a glass of water on the coffee table in front of him. “That’s odd, he usually hates strangers.”
Dean nodded at once, tears in his eyes and Alastair pulled him into a strong embrace, avoiding the wounds on his back. “Oh, my poor Dean, I’m sorry. Come here now, come to me.” Dean relaxed into Alastair’s arms and let the tears flow freely.
“I wanted to give this to you, “she said as she stopped in front of him, smiling affably, “a woman called for you earlier today, but you were in your lessons, so I didn’t want to disturb you. She said she needed to talk to you, urgently. Here’s her number, I said I would give it to you when I saw you.”
His eyes softened at once. “I’m sorry, Charlie. I didn’t mean to yell at you. But you must understand that this is quite the unusual situation for me.”
Oh God, what was he thinking? Alastair could wake up any second and he was here with the phone in his hand with the proof that he had met another man behind his back….
“Well, well, Dean, what have we here? A new neighbour? Introduce us, please, where are your manners?”
“You said you were in a hurry, “Dean said, and he nodded towards Castiel’s lunch in his hands. “I’ll let you get to it then.” He flashed a shy smile at Castiel and that was enough for Castiel’s heart rate to increase into dangerous areas.
“Apparently, someone found a hurt dog at the highway by the woods just outside town. A hit and run.”
The younger man was already out of the building, walking towards his car when Castiel finally staggered out of the clinic, the door slamming shut behind him
Castiel was still reeling from the unexpected but absolutely wonderful sight of Dean and the soft notes from the piano drew him into their spell, fortifying the daze he was trapped in, as his eyes were transfixed to the man on stage, holding the microphone. He was as beautiful as ever, his sea green eyes shining as they locked onto a point somewhere in front of him, his perfect lips parted slightly as he got ready to perform. He was dressed in a burgundy linen button-down shirt and blue jeans and the sheer beauty of him took Castiel’s breath away. But it was more than the physical loveliness of him. He was entranced by his shyness, his modesty, his obvious pride when he presented his pupil. He was only helping him perform, he was doing it for Kyle’s sake. He wanted the audience to love Kyle, not him.
Dean opened his mouth, still staring at Castiel with wide eyes. A strangled sound escaped him as if he wanted to speak, and he quickly closed his mouth again, looking confused as he struggled with his words.
“S-stop!” he blurted out. “Just stop, okay?” He forcefully pulled his hand out of Cain’s grip and took a step back, away from the hand on his face. “I t-told you, I’m not interested. Leave me be!”
Nevertheless, he needed to do something. He had to know if Dean was alive at least. He simply had to.
“Dean, huh?” Charlie asked, then with sudden urgency in her voice “Wait, do I know these guys? There aren’t that many married gay couples here that I know of…”
He still felt a little nauseous. It could come from the kicks to his stomach. Or, if he was really unlucky, he had a concussion. It had happened before, once, shortly after the incident with Alastair’s friend Zachariah at the bar. Alastair had seen him get hugged by one of his professors after the semester had ended and he had reacted very badly. It hadn’t been the first time that he had hit Dean, but the first time that it had been that bad. They had ended up at the ER where he had been diagnosed with a concussion. The doctor had only shaken her head in disapproval when Dean told her that he had fallen down the stairs. He couldn’t blame her, but he really hadn’t known what else to tell her. Alastair had apologized profoundly and treated him as if he were made of glass for the next few weeks when he had been on bed rest and that had been very nice.
“Snap out of it!” Charlie said jovially as she fell onto the couch next to him. “I think ‘Say yes to the dress’ is on in a few minutes and I’d really like to watch that although it’s the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen, to be honest. You can tell me which wedding dress would suit me the most. Not that I’d be interested in marrying but it would be fun, right?”
He took another step forward, but this time Dean took a step backwards so Castiel remained where he was.
His eyes were still wide open as he limped to the kitchen. He immediately found what he was looking for. His bloody lips parted nervously, as he took one of the knives out of the block on the counter. He held it against his inner forearms and watched in fascination when tiny droplets of blood appeared immediately as he slowly pushed the tip of the blade into his flesh, just a little bit.
His heart was still beating too fast, he realized as he kept on pacing. He forced himself to stand still and take a few deep breaths to calm himself down. It was alright. Charlie was going to explain everything to him, there was going to be an easy explanation to this.
Alastair shook his head in disappointment. “What you’ve given him bullshit! What good will it do him when the other kids attack and bully him? Will he be able to defend himself from their beating by believing in himself? Will he be safe from their fists by remembering some dumb, empty words you told him?”
Then he turned his gaze straight at Dean again, so intensely that Dean resisted the urge to take a step back.
Gabriel chuckled as he pulled his brother into a tight embrace. “You would think you’re thirteen and not thirty the way she treats you,” he whispered into Castiel’s ear. Castiel just grinned silently. “Good luck, bro. I really hope you’ll find what you’re looking for here.” He gave him a serious look as if he wanted to say something more, then he shook his head and grinned again. “Hey, I wanna hear all the sexy stories about sexy neighbours, ya know?” And he winked at Castiel in his typical manner. Castiel winked back in an exaggerated manner and he patted Gabriel’s shoulder one last time. “We’ll see, Gabe, we’ll see.”
“So, “Castiel said, to get their attention again, “are the other neighbours around here just as nice as you two?”
Charlie decided to just ask Dean again and again until he would allow her to visit him. She also wandered down the street to casually take a look at the Christensen’s house. When she reported back to Castiel after a couple of days he was sad but not surprised to hear that Dean had not been persuaded to let her visit. She also reported that Dean never seemed to leave the house, his car was always parked outside their garage. But Alastair seemed to leave just like usual, as she had seen him leave in his uniform in the morning and come back in the evening.
Castiel wanted to make that sadness go away because he hated it. “Why are you married to him, Dean? Why are you with a person who treats others like that?” Before Dean could answer, another thought entered his mind, one that made his heart race with sudden red-hot fury. “Does he hurt you, too? He does, doesn’t he?”
They ate without talking. It wouldn’t be possible with the loud music anyway and Dean knew Alastair was doing this to make him feel uncomfortable. He knew he was watching him while he was eating his food slowly and he tried to make himself look calm and steady. Alastair didn’t like it when he was too openly nervous, it made him look stupid, he said.
“I’m sorry, “Castiel said, “I didn’t mean to upset you. But your wounds need tending to. If I can’t take you to the hospital, would you let me take a look at them here instead? I’m a veterinarian, but I know first aid and I think I can help you at least in some respect. Would you let me do that?”
But that had been a long time ago and he wasn’t as young as he had been then. A lot had happened around the time when he had left home and started his studies at Portland Community College. But even after that he had met Alastair and that was when he started to worry over his appearance. He knew he must be slightly attractive – a lot of indicators pointed to that – but he knew he couldn’t take it for granted that he stayed that way. Alastair had told him time and again how much he valued his body and how important it was to him that Dean stayed fit and slim. So Dean had decided to only eat healthy food and to increase his physical endeavours to a more regular training, started going running in the mornings four times a week. They had also invested in a training room, including a cross-trainer, a treadmill, barbells and a few other utensils for exercises.
As he exited the garage the sun shone right into his face and he had to raise a hand to his eyes to protect himself against the glaring light. His lips curled upwards as he tilted his head back and let the sun shine onto his face. He closed his eyes, as he enjoyed the warm, tingly feeling on his skin, the last few glimpses of summer refusing to yield yet until it would be claimed by chilly autumn winds that would soon be all that was left.
Dean fidgeted some more, and he looked on the floor as he said. “Oh, yes, Alastair, he and I are living together….”
Overcome with sudden red-hot rage he threw the phone across the room where it landed against the wall, shattering into several pieces. His hands clenched into fists at his side and the muscles in his jaw twitched angrily as he paced his living room, drawing a trembling hand roughly through his hair.
His husband’s tone was casual, almost kind and Dean was thankful for it, although he knew it wasn’t real.
He stared at his phone, then back up where Charlie was gazing at him in clear distress, pleading at him to understand.
He gestured towards the chair at his desk. “Please, sit down, Dean. You look as if you’re a minute away from collapsing.”
Just then, Dean stumbled around the corner, hurrying to where Castiel was with a panicked look on his face.
Trying to put on a smile, however weak, he walked to the front door and opened it, pushing Shoshanna behind him so that she wouldn’t ‘jump’ whoever was at the door. He was ready to brush off any unwelcome visitors, politeness, and neighborliness be damned.
Dean blushed again but he shook his head, rejecting the hurtful words. “It’s … you have no right … he …”
After brushing his teeth, he went to bed with the intention to continue reading his novel, Stephen King’s IT. It was a real good novel, Castiel was a sucker for horror stories. But tonight, he couldn’t concentrate – after half an hour he realized he was still on the same page he started so he put the book away. It was still only 9 and it was just about to get dark outside.
Alastair wouldn’t be home for another couple of hours, so Dean hadn’t really thought about eating, but apparently, his stomach wouldn’t be put off right now. He sighed, annoyed by the basic needs of the human body, because he was just getting to the gist of the problem with Baby’s engine – but it had to wait, he could return to it later. He would just make himself a quick PB&J sandwich, just this once, he hadn’t eaten all day – and then he could go back to work until Alastair returned from work.
“Cas, I-I’m so sorry, I should have contacted you. But you know, we didn’t know if we could come because Alastair has to work a lot on weekends at the moment and we didn’t want to say we would come without knowing completely. As it turns out, he actually has to work tonight, but I thought it’s such a lovely evening and all our neighbours are here and you know, I-I thought I’d stop by…”
, and that he was intruding on a private moment. The footage was grainier, not HD like the studio stuff, and was coming from a single angle – a phone, maybe, or a low-end camcorder propped against a dresser. The setting looked familiar too, somehow, though Dean couldn’t place why. It was a pretty sparse bedroom – very much like all the other bedrooms in porn.
Already moving towards the side door, Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket and fired a quick message off to Cas.
A quick surveillance with his flashlight showed the space was at least twenty feet deep, maybe ten high. Dean was some six feet tall, and he could reach a hand up and still not touch the ceiling – a startling difference after the tunnel he had just forced himself through.
– and he’d still managed to come harder with a couple of dirty thoughts than a whole handful of times he’d been with
Dean didn’t entirely believe him, but he didn’t push any further. Instead, he turned back to his bag and rummaged around until he found a change of clothing that would be comfy enough to sleep in.
“I don’t like this,” he grimaced, taking another look around the room. “This is… this is powerful witch shit.”
He was by his side in an instant, flamethrower tucked up against his back as he leaned over to assess the true horror of the situation. There was blood everywhere – the sheets, the floor, Cas. He’d been stripped to his underwear, his skin unnaturally pale in the moonlight peeking through a window on the far wall, but the skin of his right wrist was raw where it had been bound to the headboard by the same handcuffs Dean had found only hours ago on their first inspection of the house.
“Maybe?” Sam tried, and Dean could just picture him shrugging his huge shoulders. “It’s the only thing I can find that fits.”
“I’m deleting all the dating apps off your phone as soon as we get out of here,” he mumbled without really thinking as he shoved the covers away from Cas’s sticky legs and prepared to help him into his pants. “Either that, or we have to work on your game so the people you sleep with don’t want to kill you afterwards.”
Every once in a while a small grimace plastered Castiel’s face, or a grunt of pain passed his lips, and Dean paused each time, gave him a moment to steady his breathing with a soothing hand on his thigh, and then went back to work. It was slow going, and the room would have been deathly quiet if not for their unsteady breathing and the occasional whimper from Cas, but Dean found a rhythm in the familiarity of the scene. He had done this countless times – for Sam, for himself, for his Dad, back in the day – and he knew how this all worked. He knew exactly what needed to be done.
“Hey, Sammy, yeah,” Dean replied, feeling some of his nerves calm at the sound of his brother’s voice. “What’s going on?”
Dean had already grabbed the left leg, gently shifting it each way to get a look from all angles. It felt like an empty plastic bag in his hands. “Puncture marks.”
“Thanks, darlin’,” he grunted, and ignored her when she rolled her eyes at him, instead turning back to Cas. “Let’s go, buddy.”
He gestured to his own neck and Cas copied his movements, touching his fingers to the bruise. He flushed, just slightly, and when he pulled his fingers away again the mark was gone.
“I think it might be a case,” he told him by way of explanation, sliding into the seat opposite. “Hikers have been washing up on a riverbank next to the Red Bluff Campground over in the Mark Twain National Forest.”
“Yeah, it’s…” he struggled for a moment with how to respond. “Not everyone is comfortable, being that intimate with a stranger.”
“Holy shit,” Dean murmured, before daring to ask, “And… the fourth victim? They connected to the house, too?”
But Dean had to admit, being overly friendly could be a serious one-night-stand faux pas. It depended on the expectations, of course, but he couldn’t imagine anyone who was cruising for a quick fuck on a hook-up app was really interested in anything past a nut-and-duck.
“- you know I only accept apologies in the form of that baked quinoa and feta salad from the veggie place in town that I like, and –“ Sam stuttered to a stop, Dean’s words apparently only just registering. “It
“No. Sleep naked tonight, darling, you know how I love to feel you up in the morning when I wake up.”
The next afternoon he took a plane to Phoenix to spend the weekend with his family, leaving Shoshanna with Charlie and Jo. Naturally, he didn’t go to his parent’s house, but found shelter at his sister’s city apartment instead. Anna lived alone, although she and he boyfriend Matt were planning to move in together shortly, as they had just decided to marry next year. Castiel was glad Anna still lived alone. That way he wouldn’t have to witness more affectionate cuddling right in front of him, or worse, nightly encounters of a more intimate kind. He loved Anna and he was glad she was happy but just for this weekend he wanted some peace and quiet and not think about other people being happy and in love, having found their soul mate.
Since that afternoon where he had been threatened by Alastair, Castiel felt like he was constantly walking on the edge of his own sanity. He felt constantly at the end of his tether, annoyed by trifles and getting irritated by everyone and everything around him. Without really knowing why he perpetually found himself yelling at his co-workers and snapping at his patients. Even Shoshanna ended up being the target of his constant scowling and griping, just because she was taking too long to find the right tree to pee on.
Dean tried to protest again but he was unable to speak as the fingers now squeezed with full force. His eyes widened as he realized that he couldn’t breathe at all and, breaking into a full-blown panic attack, Dean began to struggle desperately. His hands clawed at Alastair’s hand around his throat, but he couldn’t even move it an inch, and his chest jerked violently, as he tried to squirm out of his husband’s brutal grip. Naked fear washed over him like a tidal wave. He didn’t want to die. This couldn’t be the end.
At once, he shook his head involuntarily, which must have looked hilarious to onlooking people if there had been any.
“Don’t look at me like that, Shosh, “he shouted over the music. “I’ve just met the most perfect man in the world, that’s all.” And he continued dancing and singing.
“Thanks, Castiel, “Dean said, grabbing his hand in earnest gratitude, making Castiel’s heart overflow with confusing, sweet pain.
“Alright, “he said, and he swallowed again. “Would you …. Would you allow me to take a look at them?”
They both stared at the television screen for a few silent minutes and one could think that that was the end of their conversation, but Dean knew better, and his inner terror didn’t abate. Determined not to let himself slip, he forced himself to take in deep, even breaths and he let out a sigh of relief when his lungs eventually filled with sweet oxygen. That is, until he suddenly felt the fingers on his neck closing around his throat, applying slight pressure.
A shaky sigh escaped Dean’s slightly parted lips and his shoulders sagged in relief. His eyes flitted upwards to Castiel’s, holding his gaze for a long moment. Castiel felt tensed under the sudden wary scrutiny and he hoped that Dean would see the sincerity in his eyes. Dean finally nodded and Castiel exhaled in relief.
“Don’t tempt me, Castiel. I would love to put you in your place. If you know what I mean.” The thin lips curled upwards and Castiel stared as the smile of the mad man in front of him widened into a bizarre, almost comical grimace.
His train of thoughts took another turn as he thought of Alastair and the way he had looked at him while holding Dean in his arms. Cold, ice-blue eyes that seemed to pierce right through him, even from that distance. Calculating eyes. Alastair had seemed to assess the situation between them – and had come to the conclusion that nothing important had happened – he wouldn’t have nodded at him if he thought otherwise, would he? He wouldn’t have remained there in his spot if he had realized, would he?
After he had somehow managed to calm down, he relaxed his face into a slightly forced smile and got out of the car. His hands were shaking when he tried to open the door with his keys, in fact they were shaking so badly that they keys slipped out of his fingers. Just as he stopped down to retrieve them, the door opened.
It would not be easy to hide the pain from his husband. Alastair expected him to man up, to endure the pain without letting it show that he was injured so he had learned to deal with it accordingly. He had learned not to wince in pain every time something accidently touched his back (or whatever else was injured) or when he made a false movement. He had learned to wear clothes that would conceal the marks on his body. Sometimes it was a little tedious, for example when he had to wear long-sleeved shirts on a hot, unforgiving summer day just because there were purple bruises on his forearms where his husband had grabbed him too tightly. On a few occasions he had to even put on make-up when Alastair had lost patience and slapped him in the face. Unfortunately, he bruised easily, so on times like that he had to make some effort to cover up even those slight slip-ups. It was a little embarrassing to own a make- up kit as a man but he didn’t know any other way to conceal the marks on his skin lest he stayed at home for days on those occasions and that wouldn’t work because his husband expected him to do the shopping and of course, there was his job, too.
The younger man looked up at him, his dark green eyes piercing into his very soul and Castiel almost stopped breathing for a moment, struck by the intensity of the younger man’s gaze. There was so much barely controlled hurt and fear in them, but also something else...something that resembled ...
Her eyes widened a little as if she had just realized something about him, and she gestured at his bandaged hand. “Does this have something to do with you hating it?”
“Right, alright, you’re right, I’m sorry, “she babbled at once. “You’re just making me a bit nervous here with all your growling, so excuse me if I’m trying to distract you with some innocent humour to lighten up the mood. I’m not keen on you tearing me into pieces, you know.”
“Here, get that ice back on your face, “Castiel said, as he grabbed the crumpled tissue from Dean’s hand and pushed the cold compress in its place.
Castiel didn’t know how to explain his situation without embarrassing himself but he also felt the need to confide in someone, so he decided to just spill the beans.
He had tried to dissuade her from carrying on her plan, but he had relented when she had pointed out that her plan might be the only way of getting Dean out of that toxic relationship. Nobody would believe them if they didn’t have proof of the abuse – and Charlie was hellbent on getting it. Apparently, you could get a lot of useful information from a few minutes with someone’s phone. Messages were the most important thing, of course. Charlie knew a way of transmitting messages from one phone to another and was planning on collecting all of Dean’s messages. That way, every single abusive word would be in their hands. She would also take a look at Dean’s e-mails, you never knew what you could find there. She even planned on installing a few hidden cameras and bugs in the Christensen’s home – if Alastair attacked Dean within the confines of their home it would be recorded then. But for that she needed to earn Dean’s trust, and she needed time. Getting all these things done now would not be possible so soon, so she told Castiel to have some patience. But she was convinced that she could do it and she begged Castiel to let her continue with her schemes.
She stroked his cheek once more then let go with another compassionate smile. “So, what can we do about your situation now?” she said with new strength in her voice.
Hello, I'm back :) It's been such a long time since the last update and I'm so sorry! I've started working full-time in October after having two kids and it's been terribly stressful.
Which was why Alastair was going to be a little more patient, Dean thought. Up until today, every single ‘fight’ between them had ended up with an inevitable reconciliation. If Alastair had been overly upset, like yesterday, he would leave, slam the door behind him, and drink a few whiskeys at a local bar or go shoot at the shooting range as he had done last evening.
She smiled as if really happy that he was willing to put his trust in her and she grabbed his arm eagerly.
He dressed himself and accidentally looked in the mirror, stopping mid-movement. There were dark bruises on his hips, a bite mark on his throat already starting to colour and of course, a whole myriad of angry red welts on his back. He looked a mess. He looked ….
He made himself a small salad, changed into his pyjamas and switched the TV on. He watched the news as he ate his salad. After that he found nothing interesting on any channel, so he switched the TV off and walked the stairs up where his bed room was.
She led him into the staff room where they sat down with two cups of coffee. It was still early, and the first patients would arrive in an hour, so they had some time to talk. He told her about his move and the nice time he had spent with his mother and Gabriel. She told him about the patients who had appointments today and about the general going-ons of the practice. He realized quickly she was easy to talk to and he was happy to have her as his practice partner. She was a calm person with an air of competence and empathy about her – he was looking forward to learning from her about dealing with sick animals as well as their worried owners.
He stopped himself from writing more. This was long enough, he shouldn’t overdo it. So he pressed “Send” and immediately his heart rate picked up. He stared at the screen once again and he felt tiny beads of sweat trickling down his neck, suddenly he felt quite warm. The big clock in his living room seemed suddenly very to be clicking very loud and the silence around him was deafening. Castiel couldn’t stop himself from nibbling at his nails as he impatiently waited for an answer from Dean.
That was bad. Alastair almost never cooked, not because he wasn’t able – on the few occasions he had prepared a meal it had been surprisingly delicious – but because he thought it took up too much of his precious time and Dean wasn’t working full-time anyway. Hence, he expected Dean to have his meals cooked every evening while Alastair usually got home in the middle of preparations, when he would sit down onto the sofa with his laptop, finishing work notes until Dean was ready to serve. If Alastair had decided to cook dinner tonight himself, that didn’t bode well for his mood. He went after him at once, trying to catch his husband’s eye.
Castiel thought it was a little unusual that they were having a concert at this time of day at the gym. But then again, it was at the high school’s gym, so the performers would be kids trying to show off in front of their families. Why were Charlie and Jo there though? They didn’t have any kids, why would they be interested in a high school concert?
Just as Dean’s body resigned itself to its fate, just as his vision threatened to fall completely dark, the fingers around his throat disappeared.
“Yes, you’re right, I should just do it, “he agreed. He patted Shoshanna’s head fondly and with another shaky sigh he typed his words in.
The hands continued stroking through Dean’s hair as if nothing of importance were happening right now. They were just chatting casually.
But as the days went on, he became more and more restless. He was bored out of his mind, sick of watching Netflix or trying to read and his mind automatically returned to the one thing he couldn’t seem to keep away from: Castiel. More specifically, Castiel’s smile. His warm eyes. His soft hands and the way they had felt when they had gently held the cold compress to his battered face or when they had wrapped around him in a soft embrace. The way they had held him from behind, the most perfect thing he had ever felt. His lips. The hitch in his breath when Dean had kissed him unexpectedly.
“Tell the man to wait in the front, “Castiel instructed her, pressing down the button on his side of the intercom, “and bring the dog here, as quickly as possible.”
On the one hand he was amazed by the intensive attraction he had felt for him almost the second he had laid eyes upon him. Castiel had seen and dated his share of attractive men during his college time but none of them could level with Dean’s fragile prettiness. Castiel chastised himself for his obvious shallowness. This strong infatuation with Dean couldn’t be completely based on the man’s perfect lips, the wonderful freckles on his face, the green eyes, the high cheek bones, could it?
“Thanks, Castiel, I’m okay, “Dean said as he quickly grabbed the few items from the floor and put them back into his basket. They stood up together and once again looked at each other nervously.
He really looked forward to his next shift at the clinic. The team working there was very friendly and easy-going. They joked around while they were working and he liked that they simply welcomed him in their team without asking too many questions. He found himself goofing around with the nurses and the other doctors easily, for once forgetting to brood about his worries or even Dean.
Maybe it was okay to cling to this. To cherish the small yet huge memory of that day when he had visited Castiel’s house. It had been wrong and pathetic and yet he could not find it in him to look at the memory with regret.
“Hey, it’s alright, “he said softly, and after a moment of hesitance, he reached out and touched Dean’s knee, effectively stopping it from bouncing. “Please don’t freak out on me, Dean. Please. It’s alright. You’re safe here. I won’t do anything you don’t want me to do.”
His words struck Dean like a fist in the face. Ben Braeden really had those troubles in school, he had told Dean about it last week ago during their guitar session. Ben had seemed so upset when he entered the room that they hadn’t even started with the lesson. Dean had simply told him to sit down and tell him what was wrong. He had given Ben exactly the advice he had told Alastair and it hurt him that Alastair thought of his advice had been useless. Ben had cried bitterly, Dean had pulled him into a tight embrace and told him everything would be fine. It hadn’t felt as if that had been nothing. Ben had smiled at him with tears in his eyes and thanked him. He had felt better afterwards, and he had left with a shy smile on his face.
Dean shook his head as he pulled himself out of his memories and tried to concentrate on the pain in his head and face.
“But still, you were late. I was looking forward to a nice romantic evening with you and you ruined it. You didn’t even let me know you wouldn’t be home in time. I mean, how hard can it be to write a quick text, Dean?” He arched his eyebrows, looking at Dean in expectation but before Dean could answer he shook his head again.
“I’m so sorry, Castiel! I didn’t mean to be late, I-I please…I’m sorry!” The words flew from his mouth.
“Okay, okay!” Castiel raised his hands, palms up, in a hopefully reassuring manner. “You don’t have to go! It’s alright, I won’t force you! Please calm down!”
“I have to leave in half an hour, “the voice continued, “but until then I think we could make good use of our time.”
They sat like this for a few minutes and Castiel was comforted himself by the soothing sounds of Dean breathing in front of him, Dean sitting in front of him. They took strength from each other’s company, it was as if energy were flowing from both of them into the other one, and it made Castiel feel …. whole. Although he was utterly appalled that Dean had to go through something so terrible, that he was even blaming himself for it – it was simply crushing, and he wanted to strangle Alastair for making Dean feel that way.
Maybe they could get Alastair convicted, or at least arrested and away from Dean. Get Dean free. Maybe there was a chance, however small, that he and Dean could have a future together after all …?
Dean stopped pacing and ran a hand over his mouth, exasperated. “Castiel …. I guess I have to explain something to you.”
“Fighting lessons.” His voice was a low growl now, as he breathed into Dean’s space. “Teach him how to fight back, teach him how to break another kid’s fucking nose, that will put an end to all his problems. They wouldn’t bully him anymore, no, he would be respected by everyone in his class instead. He wouldn’t be a pathetic victim anymore.” He practically spat out the word
Eventually, he had finished all his tasks and he knew, he really should go upstairs, as Alastair was waiting for him. The familiar feeling of dread and terror began to pool in the pit of his stomach, and he hated himself for his weakness.
He seemed to be getting close and Dean opened his eyes in relief. But then he felt hands closing around his throat and his whole body tensed again in fear.
“I know. That’s why I didn’t report the domestic abuse, “Castiel said, dipping his head in sorrow. “They wouldn’t have believed me, and I would have needed proof anyway.” His rage flared up inside him again and he clenched his hands into angry fists. “I just hate that I can’t report it, Charlie!”
He tried to catch Dean’s eyes again, he wanted him to look at him, but Dean was avoiding his gaze now and he pulled his hand away from Castiel’s. He was nervous, his feet drawing tiny circles into the earth and he was flexing his fingers, as if he needed to move them.
Alastair didn’t bother opening Dean up with more of his fingers and he groaned as he pushed into him from behind, pressing him against the counter. Dean suppressed a cry of pain as he was entered almost completely dry. He could never get used to this feeling as if he was being torn open from the inside but he knew how to handle it, knowing that he was expected to keep his mouth shut so that was what he did.
“No, mom, please sit. Me and Gabe will handle it, right Gabe?” Castiel threw a pointed look at his brother who smirked but stood up to help Castiel with the dishes without complaining.
“Dean….I don’t mean to pressure you. But ….Have you thought about the next step? You don’t want to go to the hospital and that’s fine, but … “ He didn’t know how to end his sentence all of a sudden, and a cold sweat broke out in the back of his neck. He didn’t want to ask straightforwardly if Dean wanted to stay with him, in case that was too much on the nose, but his stomach churned at the thought of Dean going anywhere else, or even worse, back to Alastair, and he desperately tried not to let it show.
He stroked the dog’s head as he realized that the dog must have been hit by a car passing by. Anger rose deep within his belly at the thought of someone hurting this poor innocent animal without getting it the help it needed afterward. Some humans were just awful.
At first, it was only a light brushing of lips, both their breaths ghosting across each other lips. Both of them nervous and clumsy in their movements, Castiel’s hand dropping from Dean’s arm to his waist as he stepped closer to him.
Dean tried to shake his head but found he couldn’t, not with his husband’s hand around his throat, holding him in place. “N-no!” he protested weakly.
“Sounds like a plan, hotshot. Let’s do it. I think a barbecue would be appropriate in this weather.” He nodded along to her words in joyous excitement.
Castiel sighed as he ended the call. Pushing his phone wearily against his temple, he looked out his bedroom window. It was getting dark outside, as night was starting to settle in. The moon shone bright and almost blatantly, its light illuminating the quiet neighbourhood streets where the street lamps stood still turned off, dark and still. A woman walked down the street with her small fox terrier and Castiel frowned as he recognized Mrs. Hill. She was one of his patients, or rather, her dog Chichi was. Chichi was completely healthy, yet Mrs. Hill seemed obsessed with the thought that something could be wrong with her, so she brought her around almost every other week, demanding that he look at the poor dog and scan her for brain tumours when all the dog had was a slight cold or even nothing more than a fright because of the big brawny bulldog from next door. Castiel retreated a little from the window. She wasn’t looking up, but he didn’t want to risk it. He would not put it past her to pester him at home if she knew where he was living.
“Alright, “Castiel said eventually and he drew a weary hand through his hair, “could you turn to your side now? I need to take a look at your back.”
“Come on, Dean, “Alastair growled as he bit at the base of Dean’s throat, “make it good for me, come on.”
“You … you cannot ….!” Somehow, in his anger and bewilderment, the words were failing him, and he hated how pathetic he sounded.
Alastair’s hand reached out once more, and he softly stroked down the side of Dean’s face. He brushed against his cheekbone, and then continued to the soft curve of his lower lip, causing his lips to part slightly. Something flashed in those pale blue eyes as the long fingers circled upwards again to wipe away the tear in the corner of Dean’s left eye.
Castiel pushed his spoon into the ice cream, let it stick there in the melting sweetness. “Can I …. Can I tell you something?”
Once he was inside, she called behind her shoulder in a loud voice, not at all fazed by the stranger next to her: “Yo, Jo! Get your lazy ass down here, we’ve got company! He’s even brought cookies, the ones you like the mohost.” The last word was sing sung in a high-pitched voice and Castiel grinned to himself. He liked her already.
Suddenly he didn’t feel so light anymore like he had felt before he had visited the Christensen’s. Suddenly his heart was filled with an intense sadness he couldn’t explain to himself.
“Thanks, Castiel, “Dean whispered and his Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed heavily. His eyes darted over Castiel’s face as if he was searching for something.
“Dean?” The secretary looked surprised. “Well, yes, of course, but he’s teaching a lesson right now. Is it urgent?”
“No, no, “Castiel answered quickly, “I can wait. Could you just show me where he teaches and I’ll wait in front of the door until he’s finished.” He flashed another dazzling smile at her, and she nodded with a nervous giggle and got out of her seat to show him the way. After just two turns and two corridors they had reached the right place.
After a few minutes of awkward silence, Castiel inhaled nervously and once again fixed Dean with a worried glance.
In the end, he decided, as he walked the way towards his house, he would give Dean a day and if he had not texted him by then, he would do it himself. He had started this thing whatever it was and now he was determined to see it through, wherever it would take him. His heart wouldn’t let him choose anything else.
He blushed and turned away, but she grabbed his arm. “No, I mean it, Dean! You have such patience and always answer my questions and show me the chords although I’ve asked you to show them to me a thousand times but you’re still being nice to me. Dude, every other teacher would have yelled at me by now and told me to leave the instrument-playing to others, but you have stuck with me. And it’s so much fun to learn from you, you make it seem so easy. You even agreed to do this extra weekend session just because I asked you to in the spur of the moment. You’re incredible!”
Especially Ben Braeden who would be presenting his first solo performance in front of an audience, was very nervous and Dean had spent weeks trying to convince him to perform. Ben was a natural when it came to playing the guitar, Dean had seen that from the very start. But Ben was shy and afraid he was going to mess up in front of people. At long last, Dean had been able to convince him by saying that he wouldn’t be able to see anyone because of the lights shining on him. That seemed to calm Ben down and he finally agreed to perform an altered version of “Greensleeves” but only if Dean promised he would stay at Ben’s side at the edge of the stage so he could help him out if Ben suddenly forgot how to play.
The girls smiled at him sincerely. “No, we thank you for bringing us the best chocolate chip cookies ever. “Charlie said. “Hey, maybe give us your number so we can text you if we’re hungry for more?”
A few hours later he and Anna finally got back home. She had promised to cook him a decent homemade meal while their mother had thankfully declined, eager to get back to their father so he wouldn’t feel neglected after she had spent the whole day away. Castiel usually loved spending some time alone with his sister but this time he dreaded being interrogated by her. He wasn’t sure if he was up to another round so soon after his evening with Charlie and he didn’t want to scare his sister by throwing cutlery around. Not that he was feeling remotely aggressive today, but he was a little wary of his more violent side and didn’t fully trust himself not to lose it spontaneously like last time.
“Broken right front paw, as well as a medium-sized laceration on the right flank. A few abrasions on the head and back. Two ribs seem to be sprained, but not broken. We’ll have to do an x-ray to be sure, as well as the paw to see what kind of fracture it is. Do that first, just to be sure that his lungs are not punctured. I’ll clean and sew his wound shut after that. Prepare some acepromazine for me, please, we need to make him sleepy.”
“Thank you for treating the dog, “he said, quickly changing the topic, running a hand through his hair... “What will happen to him now?”
“Anything for ya, bro, “Gabriel mumbled. Then he clapped his hands together loudly, his typical big grin back on his face. “Well, guys, I’m starving! Didn’t we agree to have a great feast tonight, or what? I think we should get to that pronto.”
“Uhm, no, “Dean answered without looking at Castiel. “It’s not his thing, so I do it.” He hurried to add “I like it, though. Cooking. It helps me relax, I love just listening to some music and preparing a meal by myself.”
“You wouldn’t be interested in him, baby, would you?” his husband’s sweet, soft voice continued. “He’s attractive, he’s nice. He has a good job, a house ...?”
Sorry for the delay, I have totally overestimated the time I would have for writing while on vacation, which was almost none, unfortunately. But now I'm back home and can hopefully resume writing at my old pace :)
He knew it was pathetic to pretend being sick, he was shirking his duties like a coward, but he just couldn’t face colleagues and patients at the moment. He just wanted to stay in and not be the professional, responsible doctor for once. He wanted to wallow in self-pity.
Dean smiled at him shyly one last time, said his goodbyes (also one last affectionate cuddle with Shoshanna) and then hurried down the street, not looking back. Castiel was sad they didn’t embrace or at least shake hands and he was sad that their “date” was over.
He wouldn’t go far, he wouldn’t dare. Just ten minutes away from town, into the woods so that he could go for a quick walk. Just an hour to clear his mind and get away for a bit. That was all.
“Hey, beautiful, “he whispered as he knelt down next to her, stroking her back with genuine affection, which she accepted eagerly. “Stay here, would you?”
“Absolutely not, “Castiel exclaimed. “Okay, this has to stop. Come here and sit down.” He took Dean’s hand and pulled him towards the couch on the other side of the room, ignoring Dean’s feeble resistance. “Please, sit down, “he repeated in a firm voice and Dean did as he was told. Castiel sat next to him and took his hands. They were shaking.
Finally, Alastair turned towards him and Dean was glad he managed to keep his expression schooled as he saw the expression on Alastair’s face unexpectedly grow into a full-fledged smile.
It was bound to result in another disaster. He should have known but it was as if he was the most stupid person on the planet. He had experienced this many many times but every time he thought it would be different and he had thought it would be different this time too.
“Oh no Castiel, I’m sorry to hear that.” Her eyes were full of pity and he felt the sudden urge to jump up and leave, he knew now that he couldn’t have this conversation at this moment, again.
Dean enjoyed the fruit salad and the brownies as well although he admitted to Castiel that his most favourite dessert in the whole world was pie. Castiel resolved he would bake Dean a whole pie just for himself someday and it would be the best pie he had ever made.
“I’m glad.” She seemed pleased with herself. They both turned towards the screen and watched the daily soap for a few minutes while sharing the ice cream, the box settled in the middle between them. Castiel enjoyed their silent camaraderie and was glad she wasn’t pressing him to talk about anything.
She didn’t wait for an answer and hurried back into the gym, against the stream of people heading out. Castiel stepped to the side to make way for them and he squatted down next to Shoshanna. He was feeling incredibly restless and he knew he needed to compose himself. Using an old trick that always worked he buried his face in Shoshana’s neck. She whined feebly as if in empathy and lowered her head to give him access. It immediately calmed him down.
He realized she was looking at him with raised eyebrows and he hurried to answer her question. “Yes, Charlie, actually, I’d like that, thank you.”
He waited patiently and Dean finally nodded. When he moved to pull the jacket from his shoulder he winced and grimaced in pain. Castiel longed to do it for him, but he didn’t dare touch him yet. Dean looked like a deer caught in the headlights, any loud sound or quick movement would scare him away, and Castiel could not let that happen.
“Oh, Mother, you already know why he did it. And I can completely understand why he did it, I would have done it if I were him. Our dear father is …. A complicated man to live with, you know that.” For once, Gabriel didn’t wink or smile. Instead his shoulders hung down and his mouth twitched a little with what seemed a little flare of anger. “Let Castiel find a new home here, let him have some peace, he deserves it.”
Castiel smiled a little solemnly. “Well, I hope it doesn’t sound too sappy, but I really hope that I’ll find someone special someday. Someone to spend the rest of my life with, you know?” And he blushed a little as he said that.
After a few more minutes of silent walking and Castiel freaking out internally, Dean finally stopped at a small clearing and turned to Castiel. He was a little pale and he looked as if he had some trouble breathing but Castiel didn’t want to say anything yet lest he scared the man away again.
“So, “she stated, as she dumped all the ice cream onto the kitchen table and looked at him expectantly. “I’ve got chocolate chip, a classic you cannot make a mistake with. I’ve got pina colada for the ones who prefer something exotic but honestly, it’s not for me, Jo is the one who eats this disgusting thing. Then we have strawberry & cheesecake, cookie & cream - my personal favourite – and dark chocolate with nuts and honey aaaaand ah yes, cookie dough. So, choose your poison. Well, the first one, that is, we should put the rest of it into the freezer for later, unless we want a mess on your kitchen table.”
He got up, still a little weak in the knees but apparently determined to do it without Castiel’s help. He was already slowly slipping away, away from Castiel’s reach.
“Oh, Castiel! That’s so super sweet!” She jumped at little up and down in her seat and she actually clapped her hands together in excitement. He had to smile when she leaned forward to touch his arm.
Dean swallowed again, his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat as he tried to appraise his husband’s mood. “Uhm ... just about the concert, you know? I just wondered if all my kids were happy with their performances. I don’t want them to  be disappointed in themselves, you know?”
The drizzle intensified a little and Castiel sighed again at the sight of an unhappy Shoshanna. She looked at him accusingly, clearly wanting to go home. He ignored her and pulled his phone out of his pocket. Somehow, he was being stubborn about this, he didn’t want to go home, and he really needed something to distract him.
He ignored the lump in his throat. He ignored his slightly trembling hands and the feeling of emptiness burning a hole inside his guts because it would be too much if he acknowledged all of that.
But his stupid heart didn’t listen. Once again, he found himself drowning in his own misery and he hated himself.
The woman’s smile brightened a lot. “Well, why didn’t you say so in the first place? Come in, dear cookie bringer.” And she pulled him inside the house.
And Dean turned, opened the door once more, and left without another word. Castiel looked after him, his mouth hanging open as he frantically searched for something he could do short of tackling Dean to the ground there and then and forcing him to stay.
“Calm down, buddy, ”Dean murmured as he stroked the dog’s back, managing to calm the agitated animal a little bit. He pulled his phone out of his jacket and bit his lip in frustration. “Damn, I don’t have any reception here.”
“Indeed, I did, “Castiel said proudly, “I know it’s a bit much, but I didn’t know what you like to eat, and I didn’t want you to stay hungry on our first” - he bit his tongue - “walk.”
“I’m a veterinarian. I’m going to work with Dr. Lindt in our shared practice starting tomorrow, “he explained, and Alastair’s eyebrows went up a little.
“I-I knew of course, it was a bad idea. I knew Alastair would be jealous.” Dean shook his head at himself. “But, I so rarely got to spend time with Adam and it was his birthday, so I didn’t want to disappoint him, he had asked me to do something together so many times and I always rejected him. But on that day, I said yes. I lied to Alastair, told him I wanted to meet Sam, my younger brother, in town for a beer. Alastair believed me, or so it seemed at least.” Dean’s voice broke off.
Castiel blinked, as his throat tightened around an unbidden knot. “Okay. Tell me if this hurts.” He gently took the wrist into his hand and moved it between his fingers, softly pressing at the fragile flesh. Dean’s face scrunched up in pain but he didn’t cry out.
