a statement. Whatever remains of the Avengers already told the public that Iron man is dead, people believe that. Waiting any longer to reveal the truth would just hurt Tony."
Those who took note of Steve's disappearance did make the connection and suggested ideas that, if not so grotesquely opposite of what happened could be considered
Bruce nodded and sympathetically grimaced when Tony took his hand away and turned to hide a pained sound that threatened to burst from his lips, he suggested again that another dose of pain medicine would help, and almost promised Tony would not suffer from nightmares if he took some. Tony did not turn back to look at him at all, but shook his head. Bruce thought he somehow looked even smaller than usual, and the image got stuck in his head.
After a short pause, Rhodey nodded. "Jarv, listen. I… We…" a sigh left his mouth "I am so sorry; Tony is…"
He listened to Rhodey's rasped breathes from across the room, the only distinguishable noise in the mess of medical equipment beeping and the TV's white noise that filled the space. Helplessness was becoming a feeling he was too familiar with, the inability to stop harm from coming to his loved ones and being the one actively causing grief to others was the legacy he was leaving behind, never able to change it. Now it was tainted further, and the only man who dared to believe him on the cause of the taint had gotten hurt, and could not even bear looking at him now.
Jarvis remained silent for a moment or so, which was weird. Like he was thinking about his answer. "That information is within a file you are not granted access to, Doctor Banner." he finally said, "I have determined from previous interactions between you and the team that revealing this information to you will not benefit Sir's safety and may in fact harm it."
Steve shifted his weight, clenched his fist, he observed Rhodes face for a moment or two. It was still wearing an expression of distinct distaste. "You know that's not what I meant, Jim." He said, his voice even and calm despite the ever-growing, burning wrath in his chest. "I am worried for his wellbeing, I want to be there for him so he and I– I…" a deep breath to cool himself down before he continued – "Not being able to be near him right now, when he needs me-
One final deep breath before Steve was starting to recover, Tony matched his stare as he raised his head to look at him, pain and betrayal in his eyes.
"Rogers did this to me!" Tony all but screamed, startling all of them as he shook away Pepper's hand on his shoulder, "he did… and he keeps… doing it when I sleep, and now he sends his friends to do it instead! He won't stop!" Tony looked genuinely frightened, but not in a panic, not unfocused. "Make them go away, Please honey... please make him..." Tony was making himself smaller with every word, covering his head with his arms and folding his knees until he was curled into an almost perfect ball. the small sphere whirred over his head like a fussy mother, it's limited intelligence enough to recognize his distress.
Tony brought his hand to his head, messaging his temple. He could guess what kind of malfunction it was. "Did you…"
He'd grown… somewhat accustomed to the oxygen mask, that past week, relished how much easier it was to breath when it was on. He didn't imagine that with it off – breathing would just be an impossibility. He knew his crushed chest had to recover for a while longer before he could actually breathe well on his own but apparently, between 'breathing well' and 'not breathing at all' there was a spectrum of pain.
He didn't react when Steve leaned to kiss his forehead, did not recoil or changed expressions to show fear or disgust, as happened most of the time. Just sat there, breathing under Steve's hand and holding onto him like he was a lifeline, dependent, needful of his attentions. Tony was his now.
He could hear the steps, down the emergency stairs on the other side of the floor, slow, assertive and sure. The steps of a person who knew the place well, and had used the same route before.
After a brief talk with a doctor who had him sign several forms stating that he will listen and follow the Staff's directions and leave when asked to, Steve finally was directed to the room where Bucky was housed. It was a big room, similar to the one Tony used at the hospital in its luxuriousness and size, not at all what one would picture a room in a mental hospital to be like. Steve found that he was thankful for that. Bucky had suffered so much in the last couple of years, he deserved this. It did however make him feel unease, as in a place like this it would be so easy for Hydra to just come in and take him away again.
The rest of the visit was short but a lot more lighthearted, Tony made fun of the huge teddy bear while also hugging and refusing to let go of it because it was so soft. He was smiling brightly when Pepper talked about how the employees of the New-York offices all chipped in to buy and send gifts and flowers -apparently so many that she had to divert all the deliveries to his rooms at the tower. They agreed that everyone was to receive a nice, fat bonus with their next paycheck.
Tony squirmed against the wall. His composure shattered and his efforts at reminding to himself, again and again just where he was, and what he could do, was barely working to keep his terror controlled. The small padded room he nearly died in was closing in on him as Steve narrowed the distance between them, more and more, suffocating him with his mere presence.
Sam was so glad when he met Steve when he talked to him and thought he had cleared the situation. He asked him, believing he would get the truth, but was satisfied with no answer at all at the end of it. Steve's sympathetic smile, with a streak of sarcasm as he deflected the question expertly fooled him so easily – Sam's work even before he joined the Avengers, even before he started working at the VA, required him to be perceptive, notice people's feelings and react accordingly.
"Great! I'll tell you what, I was going to arrange a bed for the Colonel because he simply refuses to leave Tony's side, and frankly – the man had been awake for a lot more hours than I would personally recommend… if you get him to go home, take a shower and sleep a night, you can have that bed instead."
Bruce cut the conversation quickly at that point. "Okay, enough for now." He said, his smile faltering as Tony turned to look at him with morbid exhaustion all over his face. "Tony- you need to rest. I know that's a foreign concept to you, but right now you're under my care and you will listen, or I'll call Steve and have him fawning all over you until you get too tired to stay awake." Tony didn't even argue with him, his eyes dropped and he nodded, throwing everyone off.
"That's nice. You are good friends to believe so blindly in Captain Rogers." He says, the jab clear on his sharp tongue. "any more theories about the mysterious alien who looks and sounds a lot like Steve Rogers and have not only raped Tony but had also been terrorizing him at the hospital and refusing to explain or defend any of his actions? Ooh, wait, what if… and I know it sounds crazy, but what if any of Tony's decreed team-mates got their heads out of Captain Asshole's ass and actually investigated the possibility that Tony is actually telling it like it is and has not lost his mind? Sorry, might be too outlandish. Just thought it could be a possibility."
Minutes later, Steve sat in the kitchen. He was fully attired in the Captain America costume for the first time since he and Tony came to the safe-house what seemed like weeks ago. The noises outside seemed to be growing loud and more frequent, which meant they were confronting some of the deadlier systems Tony had implemented. Steve allowed himself to imagine what things Tony thought the house would have to withstand – hordes of monstrous aliens and failed-experiment literal monsters, probably. Not their friends…
He knew the setup of the small cabin he was held in, he had helped fund its creation. He recalled with a growing sickness in his gut how Steve had come into his lab months ago and told him of Bucky, and what he wanted to do when he found him. The idea was to create a place where the Winter Soldier could be held comfortably and discreetly while they worked out how to break Hydra's hold on him – nothing that could be used as a weapon was to be found, all the heavy furniture was reinforced and attached to the floor to prevent even someone of Steve's strength from lifting it and using it to break the door or the windows. Everything, in fact, was reinforced in steel and made to withstand even the Hulk's strength - at least for a while.
He could still feel the rage through him, hot, green and flowing through his veins, burning through them, he could still feel it even as he got smaller and his skin turned pink rather than green and the urge to smash everything around was fed to a satisfying extent. The beast growled within him, wanting more, not knowing what of, who it needed to destroy, but wanting to.
Tony murmured something under his breath that Steve pretended not to hear because Tony wouldn't say that he hated Steve, and he wouldn't mean it, certainly. It was the other was around.
When he returned to the room, Tony was laying on his stomach instead of on his back like Steve left him, his hand clutching the sheet with what little strength he had. He was still dry heaving, but the coughing had stopped, and his panic seemed to have subsided. Under him, the sheets were crumpled and wet with sweat and… other bodily fluids. As he came closer Steve noticed the distressed sounds Tony produced – little sobs of shame, he presumed.
For a moment he almost thought he somehow fell asleep again – but the pain in his chest was so real, so how could he be asleep and yet feel that?
"the word you're looking for is 'Hero', Mr. Barton." Ross reproached, "what he does with his lovers in his own free time has nothing to do with his purpose as an American Hero and protector of the people, but don't worry. I will not force you. You may retire if you wish. The government prefers a specialized squad led by the Captain than a ragtag group of spies and monsters."
"Tony…" he tried saying his name without letting himself sound as tired as he really was, it wasn't working. He wasn't sure what he wanted to ask. About what happened? he knew - well, he had an idea, a theory. About Steve? If his Theory was right, it explained that as well. He couldn't make Tony live through it yet again, not to satisfy his curiosity. Eventually Tony will tell them… or he won't, probably the second option, because it was Tony. "Tony, if something hurts I can give you another dose of painkillers." He said in a whisper, only to recoil when Tony shook his head in fierce denial and mutters his rejection.
It was a good diversion as the other Avengers - the human, unarmored ones - stalked their way around that battlefield.  If Steve knew they were there, there was no sign to show it. No alarms blaring -though it was quite possible that the deafening noise of things going 'boom' in the forest could have already alerted him. It didn't matter much, anyway. The place was small enough for them to keep a tight watch on, and there didn't seem to be hidden exits anywhere around. They checked any suspicious looking rock and bunny-hole – metal detectors, scans by Jarvis, and just plain old digging around to see if they find a hidden door all proved useless in the end.
Tony shuddered, the way Steve referred to everything he did as if Tony had been at any point an accomplice to the depravity was astonishing, he was sure some psychoanalyst would have paid to have just a few moments of the conversation to listen to and dissect.
The woman eyed Steve, obvious recognition of who he was shown in her attitude. She was not a fan, apparently. "Ok, Colonel. Will we be seeing you again next week?"
With the realization that he was imprisoned by his own project came the panic, with the panic came the frantic tries at finding a way out, and with those came pain and fatigue that staggered Tony and sent him tumbling and crashing to the floor, where he remained.
"I am not the one imagining things that are not… there…" Steve grip turned tighter, and breathing was turning impossible. "I… am not the one…" Tony left Steve's arm as it tightened against his neck, instead pushing it against Steve's broad chest. He gasped and closed his eyes.
"Listen, Steve…" he began before realizing he wasn't sure what he could say. If he chases Steve out now the man might just throw himself into the reconstruction efforts and law enforcements out there and not get the rest he needed. Bruce knew just how much guilt-ridden Avengers could fuck up their lives, and he wasn't comfortable with letting Steve go away like that. "How about I tell the nurses you can stay in the room while they do their duties? They would still need to pull out the curtain, but you will be able to be here and intervene if anything nefarious happened." Ms. Song was going to deck him for even suggesting it.
Tony didn't hesitate, "They fixed it at the hospital. It was already healing, and then you kidnapped me and broke it again and again and never gave it the proper treatment or enough time to heal."
Steve nodded and turned to face him, putting himself in a better vantage point. He noted the stun guns, knives and ammunition on Sam's person and began to form his plan of escape in his mind. It was stupid of him to go so publicly into town, knowing the Avengers had means to find and track him within the city. He was caught in his blissed state and thoughts of Tony, and didn't realize that he was followed. He was not going to repeat the mistake.
It was a dumb excuse, certainly not one his intelligent friend would accept, certainly not when his voice turned quiet mid-sentence.
First thing he did was put a requisition order for one of the prosthesis departments at SI. He made sure Barnes would get the lightest, most balanced and of course, technically advanced new arm in production, one that Barnes was able to put on or take off at his convenience. It was in complete contrast to this lump of metal, which weighted a ton and had no flexibility as far as he has seen. It was still fascinating, of course. And one thing Tony didn't lose was his curiosity, so… he kept it.  He had no ideas about what to do with it, and the labs at the mansion were still nowhere near as advanced as those he built in the tower.
He was answered by silence and closed his eyes as the tears started to fall, biting his lips as the salt in them seared in the cuts remaining from Rogers' fist. He didn't open them even when he felt one delicate hand on his shoulder, thinking it to be one of the nurses who noticed him standing alone in the ruined, restricted room.
The long strain of words left him nearly breathless, but there was no more time to breathe. Steve was getting up.
Tony, still silent, his eyes still wandering and unfocused, took the pills he allotted him without a complaint and drank the water he brought for him to wash them down, he didn't try to push Steve off when he leaned to kiss his cheek – so he went further, tasting the bitterness on his lips and inhaling his scent drunkenly. He delighted in the lack of resistance, in the pliant and soft attitude Tony adopted, a sure sign that he finally began to understand, or that he was really sorry for his words, or both – perhaps. Steve allowed himself to hope.
The body around him relaxed a bit, so Steve allowed himself then to slip back into his fantasy. His hands exploring the chest of his lover, teasing, twisting and then sucking on one of the nipples as his other hand once again made its way to the half limp cock his passionate thrusts didn't seem to quite rouse yet, he palmed and squeezed at it lightly before his thumb began teasing it a little as well, massaging the tip, running up and down its length in an increasing pace trying to bring pleasure through that sort of action as well as the fucking of the hot, tight hole, where he knew he was hitting the spot needed to send jolts of pleasure up his lover's spine, even if said man could not express his gratitude at the moment.
"I am not the one who needs evidence to believe in my best friend, Nat." he said quietly, "unless there's something in there that can point me to Rogers so I can blow off his head, I don't need to see it, your team does."
He waited until the audience got their shit together, it took some time. During the chaos, he allowed himself to breath in and exhale slowly, attempting to calm his racing heart. He didn't listen to the questions posed to him at all.
"I believe the term you are looking for is 'Taking necessary precautions', Sir." The AI replied, and Tony chuckled.
Tony felt the warmth of Rhodey's cheek against his neck when the other man hugged him, "I don't think he was, either. He… didn't deny what he did, Tony. not even once. He didn't outright say that he did it, but he didn't try to convince me of the contrary, he thinks he'd done you a favor."
Steve looked at Tony – the man breathing through tubes and an oxygen mask, his face lined with years and worries was nothing less than deplorable, his hair still lined with crusted mats of blood and filth. He was pale, and by all means
He didn't have to wait much longer before the wooden panel moved aside and revealed the actual entrance of the building. Stepping inside, Steve's eyes squinted to adjust to the darkness as the door closed behind him with a soft, metallic thud. He'd expected, hoped even, that Tony would be awake by now, trying to piece together a plan of escape. Instead – he found him laid out on the floor, his eyes drooped and flattering between open and closed in exhaustion. The cast on one of his hands was cracked which probably meant he put some extreme pressure on it while trying to escape, and had tired himself out. it
"Right, right. I forget the proper… proper way to talk, sometimes." He whispered, trying to ignore the shiver passing through him as he passed the kitchen area, looking at the thin layered dust covering the empty counters. He told Pepper to tell Natasha that they could stay there, that the tower was a gift, the Avengers were still needed. But, for each their own reason, everyone ended up leaving eventually. None of them telling anyone where they were going - except for Sam, who joined Rhodey overseas, hunting rampant Hydra agents.
The more Tony thought about what happened, the less it made sense. The time frame didn’t fit, there were no visible wounds anywhere on his person, and even Jarvis, in his rudimentary, basic scan done the moment Tony got home, could find nothing wrong.
Rhodey turned to look at Tony again. "Hey, chief." He said as he leaned against the bed rail, giving Tony a smile he didn't feel truly belonged on his face at the moment.
He let the other man manipulate his body – pull him and lay him down where it would be easier for Steve to spoon him while he breathed. It was a methodic way of creating an emotional dependency – Steve was linking the relief for the pain in his chest to the warmth of their bodies snuggly fitting against each other. And… yeah, well. It was working. The tension in Tony's body relaxed at the touch of Steve's skin against him, something in his subconscious recognizing it as a sign that soon it will get what it needs in order to survive.
His shortness and breath refused to go away, as did the paleness and blueness of his skin, his hands were still clutching at his chest. He turned his back further towards Steve, his breathing heavier. "A-aspirin… m-my chest-…" his voice was weak and choppy "P-p-p… please…"
He could not find a speck of happiness at the man being alive. It was weird, he knew it was. He thought about it for hours, trying to run through his mind other people close to him who died or were otherwise lost to him, and he found that each time a pain awakened in his chest. He felt the same ache when he looked at Tony's living yet broken body.
He was out of breath before he tried even a quarter of those things, his legs collapsed under his weight when he tried to walk back to the room where he woke up, hoping it was just another nightmare, hoping it was all just a nightmare that he would wake up from to find Rhodey by his side.
Sam stood there, looking at the scene, looking at his hands. Feeling again the squeeze of Steve's hand on his arm when they hugged and a sudden turbulence attacked his gut. He replayed the conversation again and again in his mind, trying to find any clue that would allow him to make up an excuse and nearly slapped himself. No. Steve was his friend, but it became clear that he had done a terrible and inexcusable thing. It didn't matter
Tony flinched when he kneeled next to him and put his hand on the man's back, gasped a little when he stroked it comfortingly. "I'm sorry, Tony… I didn't mean to hurt you." He did, otherwise it wouldn't have happened. Steve obviously had much better control of his emotions than Tony did, he did not just lose his temper because of some petty manipulation. "I am sure you didn't mean what you said, either. We both know how I feel about it, about Bucky. He is suffering enough without you using him to hurt me for the sake of your delusions."
Ross gave him an unimpressed look. "There was never a body produced to prove that Tony Stark is truly dead." He stated, "As I understand it, they had a lover's quarrel, and Stark, being the irresponsible rascal that he is, fled somewhere in the world to not deal with it. Rogers was upset and you attacking him and refusing to hear anything he had to say didn't help." He ignored the scandalized looks on the faces of the two spies, "Steve Rogers is a pinnacle of human perfection, the perfect weapon and a damn good soldier and commander. He, of all people, does not deserve to be in that cell for something as minor as disagreeing with Stark's sensibilities."
"You should care about your appearance, Tony, it's a part of who you are." The nasty spill of soup on his lips and under his nose was cleared, and with the smell of it gone his stomach finally relaxed a little and his head cleared another bit. he heard the wheezes of his breath, erratic, not enough… he stopped listening to what Steve was saying and instead tried to summon memories of his childhood, of his mom and Jarvis and how he learned to fix and build an engine. He itched to do something, anything. But his hands were too shaky, and his mind not clear enough on the sequence of actions he used to be able to do in his sleep. Usually, his mind was a safe place to hide in, now it became just another drain on his dwindling mental strength.
The silence was aggravating, the white walls too bare. Clint was getting restless and his patience for the constant beeping of the machines hooked up to Tony was running out. If anyone wanted to break him – that would definitely be the method of torture they should choose.
It was a longer adjustment than he had hoped, but Steve managed to get to his feet and fight back, slamming the spy into the wall with the entire weight of his body and the shield, he heard Clint calling her name from behind him, but ignored his voice, focusing his strength at disarming the more dangerous part of the pair.
He watched as the pharmacy closed, let the manager and the last workers get on a bus home before he pulled the front door off its hinges.
Later, he'd gotten up and walked around the room, and the next room. There wasn't another room after that. He found a bare kitchen with no utensils or appliances – only cupboards filled with canned food with a tab opener. A small corner on the other side with just a single couch made of a block of wood and some cushions and attached to the floor, completely unmovable, he found some windows and was able to see clear night sky through the thick glass – uncharacteristic to the vicinity of New York.
He let out a shuddery breath as the horror of the dream came back in flashes, letting his hand stroke down the abused skin as if it was not his own, looking for anything irregular, a bump, a dip – it was ridiculous and it was just a dream, but it felt so real; The pain and the burning inside him all felt so real.
But there he was. Waking up from sleep he didn't remember falling into. And everything was dark and silence all around him told that it was no longer the room in the hospital that accommodated him. He didn't know if it was a dream, at first. He hoped, he wished, and then the pain washed through him and stabbed into his flesh inside and out and he knew that it was not.
"I… I c-can't, Steve… please, please I can't…" can't say it, it wasn't true. "I don't, I don't… Please…"
Once Jarvis shut down the voice channel, Tony’s muscles lost all of its tension. His head felt airy and he slid down to the cluttered floor, holding on the table’s edge to keep himself from falling further. Dum-E chirped in the distance, but was concealed by the smoky layer that crept into his mind, and in seconds the haze  had isolated his mind entirely.
The team did not discuss it again. Their thoughts on Tony's state of being were pushed back and concealed behind a renewed drive to find him, and to find Rogers before more he could cause more harm.
Better than hearing screams and explosions and death all around him, probably. He wasn't quite sure. It was too quiet now, the wheezing sound weakened…
Then he met Steve Rogers, Captain America - which Sam could still just barely believe, and only because he'd met and fought alongside the man who was really so different from how a ten years old Sam imagined him - and was recruited into the team as a reserve member after the misadventure in Washington, forming a tight and close friendship with the Super Soldier and the Super-Spies of the group. The three – including Clint, whom he met on his first official Avengers mission after Washington - provided a familiar setting in a group of gods, monsters, and super-geniuses, turning out to be the most normal and relatable members for the former - non-super, very human - soldier, now Avenger.
The apartment Ross housed him in was nice. Basic, like the one he used before Shield fell - before he moved into the Avengers tower. It obviously wasn't as nice as his room over there - which Tony gave him freedom and money to furnish as he liked - and it barely had space to hold his art supplies, which, now that he thought of it, were still at the tower. He didn't have time to bring them with him to the cabin, he hadn't thought about drawing at all during the time he took care of Tony.
Tony threw the piece of tech at the screen, it bounced off it without causing damage to the glass and the commentator kept of spewing nonsense uninterrupted, "
"He was taken for surgery yesterday; they have not brought him back here since." She said quietly, "I was about to go to the nurse station to have them call a doctor with answers when you came in."
Tony Stark was smart. So, so smart, that he tended to rush ahead with his technology, take care of any problem the present and the future could present, while paying less attention to the past. And that was their way in.
It was almost over, soon one side will prevail and drive the other to his knees and hopefully - it'd be the right side. In the meantime, they had to continue fighting. No matter how many of them fell, or how hopeless it seemed…
"None taken, Colonel." The A.I replied in his ear, speaking through the headphone, "The computer systems controlling this place are ran on a separate system array, unfortunately. I will not be able to shut down the defenses."
"Your arm was hurt when you crushed, though." He said softly, as if talking to a child, "how can you blame this on me, Tony? this is… it's horrible."
Tony sighed quietly, "General… he trespassed and attacked me. I defended myself. This is all there is to it. Now… You probably should hurry and take him to a hospital, the Vita radiation frequency imbued into my repulsors is probably starting to destabilize the serum as we speak. And it's not a pleasant experience, I am sure."
"I was a little worried when I heard that it was Rhodes who found Bucky." Steve said then, and Tony startled, brought back into reality by the mention of his best friend's name. "He is very confrontational, not really a good trait for someone in high ranks. I should know." He chuckled, "I mean, I guess I get it. He is over-protective of you because he was liaison to Stark industries for so long, and he needs you to maintain the armor he stole from you. Anyone would get mad if you called them out on this kind of shit."
Rhodey breathed in deeply. He resisted the urge to ask the AI on what data he based his calculations, what were the variables he used. "It's okay, I'm nervous too." He assured the babbling AI, "It's… it's going to be okay, Jarvis, I…" He couldn't promise, not when his hands were shaking as he aimed their gauntlet clad form at the door, closing his eyes as the repulsors charged, unwilling to see the sight inside. He couldn't promise the AI that they would find Tony alive and well, not when he didn't believe it completely himself anymore. And if they didn't… what then? what could he do?
First, it could be a malfunction. A glitch. Rhodey was sure, about 99.9% sure to be exact that it wasn't that. Jarvis was in charge of so many of Tony's assets and facilities and had so many backups ready to replace him if anything was wrong, that such disparity in time without any alert was simply not possible.
Before he went back to Tony's side, his eyes landed on another thing he took – a breathing machine and a small oxygen tank. He got it for Tony despite having gotten the inhaler, in case of an emergency, not for casual use. Tony could turn even the smallest piece of technology into a weapon, a bomb or something else equally dangerous, just giving him the oxygen tank could mean an end to the entire facility.
"B-Bruce… Just…" the words drifted out of his mouth with shallow breaths as his eyes closed. "I can't go to sleep, Bruce… Just call Rhodey? Please, just call Rhodey."
Everyone knew that it couldn't be Steve Rogers who had done it to him. Everyone knew that if the DNA they found in him matched the Super Soldier, it meant that he was coerced to do it by an unknown force, everyone knew that Steve would never do such a thing willingly, would never hurt him voluntarily. It was easier to know that Tony was remembering things wrong and piecing an impossible image out of dreams and distorted memories than believing that Steve Rogers could really be the monster he was describing.
A weight was lifted from his chest, then air assaulted his lungs. Too much, it caused him to cough and splutter when blood flooded his mouth and throat and it was worse than getting no air at all because now he was drowning in his own blood, but it didn't matter because he was going to die anyway so why was the sensation of drowning so much worse than simply not breathing? Why was it such torture when before he felt so
When he arrived, he was welcomed with a smile and an apology – Mr. Barnes was already having a visitor, and they preferred letting him rest afterwards, as those visits took a lot of his mental energy reserves.
Steve dipped his head a bit, still not smiling. "Ah… no, I mean." He sighed and looked aside. "I just wanted to hear how he was doing, I was going to ask at the nurse station and then head out to help with the reconstruction efforts some more." He looked disturbed, maybe even guilty.
. wasn't insane, wasn't dreaming. Reciting the things Ste-Rogers said to him again and again until Bruce became disgruntled and left the room in a hurry, a green glint visible in his eye.
He did what he could, took out as many of the enemies as was possible by his weapons, created deadly flaws in the defenses of the opposing force that could get the team their eventual victory just moments before his suit was crushed and flung away into the midsection of a building, consequently causing it to come down around and on top of him. Effectively burying him alive in an early grave.
Also, if I have any readers based in the US - Stay safe, stay strong. I'm feeling your pain and I'm rooting for you.
At some point or another, sleep would become unavoidable. But right now something is blowing cold air at the back of her neck and is making the hair there bristle with alert and discomfort. At any other day, she'd find her way to Clint's side on the couch and wake him up for a quick session of training, or she'd have Not-Avengers-related work to do and leave. She didn't like it – staying in one place all of the time, especially when the air was heavy with emotions no one could quite place.
"Ah, no, no. I'm sorry." Steve buried his face in the palm of his hand. "It's been a long day, I'm a bit tired. That's all."
They were slow and calm, and the rhythm of them was enough to daze his mind and make his body slack. He knew what would come next, but didn't struggle anymore.
Tony knew the suits would not stop Rogers if he wanted to get in, and then he still let Rhodey leave him at the hospital alone, trusting he would be protected by them.
She found herself hoping that Steve was not inside, hoping she would not have to make a decision. If they found Tony, that'd be enough. If not…
Days passed in a haze, only organized by the things Steve did or said. When was it time to eat – be force fed – or to go to the bathroom, when was he allowed to sleep and when must he take medicine that wasn't helping ease any pain at all. Otherwise, he knew nothing on the passing of hours or days, not anymore. He could equivalent such a haze to his days long binges in the workshop, where he could keep his mind too busy to care about things like time passing him by, but it wasn't exactly the same thing.
Natasha had a broken arm and a few cracked ribs, she was already up and terrorizing the orderlies and nurses with demands to be let go. Tony was in an induced coma and suffered a cracked skull, several fractures in his arms - wrists, fingers, a dislocated shoulder… one of the hands demanded a reconstruction surgery if they hoped to ever have it work again. He had multiple deep slashes all over his body, some metal lodged itself in his thigh and was removed during the night by several surgeons, who by the end of it determined he could keep all of his limbs intact. A long time with limited breathing capacity had worried the doctors that Tony might have sustained heart and brain damage, they were testing for it, but until Tony woke up there was really no way to determine how much any of that affected him.
"Any progress?" Clint, who did not expect an answer and did not really get one, got up as soon as Rhodey got in the room, handing him a pre-made sandwich they had prepared for all the members returning from their nightly patrol.
"Then take the job." Tony cut him, smiling. "You are right, you can't be here to save me all the time. I'm a risk-taking idiot with a death wish. There are more important things to do in the world."
"Put in the most advanced anti-biological warfare tech available into the ventilation systems… made sure the chutes were too small for humans…" he recounted, "didn't… take tiny toy robots into account though…" he barked out a laugh, recognizing how ridiculous the situation was. It was still helpless – nothing could help him get out of that room, even if he took the robot apart for parts there would be nothing he could do with them as he had no access to the facility systems, and the simple toy barely had an operating system installed on it. It was basically worthless.
"You built this?" he asked suddenly once the machine had turned into a bunch of scraps and bolts in his lap, barely raising his head to meet with Rhodey's half hurt-half amused eyes. "It's really good, Honeybear! It's been a while since we built something together, I didn't think I would get to see your inhumanly accurate metal-work again." Tony raised his head and smiled fondly at Rhodey, who couldn't be angry when Tony smiled at him like that.
I tried to make sure that Steve never outright LIES about anything. he is not telling the truth, he is omitting information. he is basically being a manipulative son of a bitch. did I pull that off?
It was almost too easy, getting to this point. Steve may not have been a tech whiz like Tony, but he was in on the design plans from start to finish, as the facility was meant for his eventual use. Tony also had that inside knowledge which had led to a complication, because all the passcodes and biometrics had to be wiped and re-instated so he couldn't use that knowledge. It was a good thing, in that regard, that Tony had been in the hospital for as long as he was, and the rest of the team too strained after the invasion to pay close attention to what he was doing when he went down to the lab and acquired the necessary equipment, uninterrupted by the sulking bots in their charging cradles, or Jarvis, who only greeted him and asked how he could help.
"Soon, big guy… When we find him you can come out and smash as much as you want," he muttered, his entire body going numb as exhaustion replaced rage. "Jarvis, what
The team watched Rhodes walk to the door silently, a few of them twitching in their sits and averting their eyes from the others when looked at with inquiring eyes. Then, the alarm started blaring.
He watched, shivers moving up and down his spine and breathing hitched as Clint brought Natasha out of the cabin, her arm dangling at her side and bruises forming on the bared flesh of her neck and jaw, he hurried to their side, pushing down the hatred and rage that flooded his body the best he could – now wasn't the time.
Here, his mind had become dazed, a thought not lingering in his mind for enough time to actually form and have substance, his broken hands unable to build or hold on or even stop shaking uncontrollably all the time – and so useless, neither could provide any distractions from the time crawling by.
His suit was in pieces - broken, completely shattered under the enormous weight of rubble, covered in gore, blood and dust, moreover, some of the parts left of the broken metal suit jammed themselves into his skin and flesh along shards of dirty glass.
Tony’s breathe hitched, his chest constricted. He curled around himself, nails digging into the flesh of his forearms, trying to bring them even closer together. He longed for the whales to return, if only to drive away the sense of loneliness that settled in his chest once they left. The moisture of tears breached his closed eyelids and his body curled tighter, shivering from the cold.
“With your record, ‘nothing serious’ might as well be bleeding out on your floor. Do I need to get Happy to check up on you?”
"Relax…" Steve's voice pled, "If you don't it will hurt, and I know you don't want this to be like our first time."
He didn't get the chance. As he pulled him to his feet, Steve's face was wearing an expression unlike anything Tony ever imagined he would see on the super-soldier face -enraged beyond reason. "I
When he touched his shoulder – barely touched, hovered a hand over more like, his suspicion on the matter was confirmed. Tony's head shot back and turned to look at him immediately, his eyes wild with terror Bruce didn't think he'd ever see in his friend's eyes. The terror calmed down after just a moment, maybe after recognizing his friend, but to Bruce's own horror – it still remained there, ready to leap back out at the first sign of danger.
The group went into the room, Rhodey managing to take the flowers away from Happy before he tripped and broke both his and the bear's necks, he noticed Sam's reluctance to coming in with them and nodded at him, hoping the man would get over it and join them, but understanding if he chose not to. Rhodey liked Sam a lot, found him quite charming in the way he was trying to keep his distance and give respect to the almost familial reunion of Tony's closest friends, and in a way Rhodey was grateful for that. He didn't push him beyond that one smile and a subtle invitation to join them.
Tony never understood why. But neither did he complain. Having a real friend who actually cared about him for the first time of his entire life – not counting robots an AIs – was not something he could afford to complain about, even if he did make a good show of doing just that.
It was fine, Nat was going to be fine. He took in a deep breath to consider the situation. His arrow supply was depleted from being used against the constant barrage of actual missiles they had to deflect while they waited for Sam to come back from the errand Natasha sent him on. He still had knives hidden all across his attire and the cartridge of the gun he had on him was still full – he hoped, of course, that he would not have to use it, that he would have no reason to – but after seeing Steve's face back in the other room…
"Of course, Doctor Banner. Which is why I am saving you time by shutting down any operation unnecessary for locating Sir and directing resources to essential queries instead." Jarvis voice was it's usual, British accented, even voice.
"Sir believed the Avengers needed a way to shut me down in a case of emergency, or in the case of his unavailability. At the time, he believed Captain Rogers would be the most qualified and reliable member to entrust with the task." Jarvis voice was as cool and even as it ever been, but, and perhaps Rhodey imagined it, it felt full of scorn. "Unfortunately, Sir is the only person allowed to change the codes, and his security measures did not permit me to replace the codes upon learning of the Captain's misconduct. As some of the identification methods require biometric identification, such changes cannot be performed remotely."
Sam swallowed and followed in his footsteps, he tried to come up with something to say too, something that would maybe cheer the colonel up a little, make the walk to the hospital less quiet and difficult. "What is it like to be War Machine?" was the conversation starter he finally opted for, and rightfully – it seemed the subject made Rhodes light up almost immediately.
"Okay Tony…" Rhodey said, putting down his fork. "You have been gone for two months." He began, watching Tony wince and close his eyes, scrunching his face to keep them shut. "Maybe we shouldn't do this today, Tones… you know the story."
"It could still be anyone else. Maybe Loki came by for payback during all the chaos… he has a thing for alien invasions, and it would explain the hallucinations." Clint shrugged and grinned at Thor whose smile turned into a frown in a blink of an eye at hearing his brother's name.
When he designed that part, he had only thought of the potential of such facilities to be used in a suicide attempt. A tenant could drown themselves or exposed themselves to extremely cold water in the shower to cause hypothermia or overdose on drugs that had to be present for a case of emergency. He did not consider how dehumanizing and humiliating this would be for the tenant, to be denied access to facilities any human being had to use several times a day, except for when their… 'keeper'… was around. The more he thought about it, the more terrifying the place was to him. He designed it, he knew each feature and where it was located and how it could be used to push him further down the narrative Steve wished to impose. If he felt Tony was too uncooperative, he could shackle him in a room meant to contain the Winter Soldier through murderous fits, or simply not let him eat or use the facilities at all. Tony thought it was a bit excessive, he regretted not listening to his first instinct now.
He pulled out his inhaler as he sat down, ignoring her piercing gaze as he took oxygen-enriched air deep into his lungs. She waited until he was done, surveying him from head to toe while Happy started the car despite her presence, determined to get them out of the lion's pit as soon as possible.
, Tony Stark is in no way clear-minded, is he? Acts normal one second, tries to escape his room the next? Did he tell you what he thinks happened back at the crash site? Sam told me how paranoid he was yesterday when he visited." He paused for a long moment, sighing and relaxing his body. "Jim, I'm sorry. I really am – but what Tony had been through could not have left him the same as he was before. I am not a doctor, and I don't really understand much about this kind of thing – that's more of Bruce's field, but it seems awfully clear to me that Tony's mind… You have to agree he has not been the same."
Steve allowed him only a bit of privacy at the toilet, citing Tony's dignity as he turned his back to him, not leaving the room.
Tony chuckled again, then he stopped abruptly, his head hanging and his eyes shut again, an expression Rhodey learned to recognize as representing immeasurable pain came on his features. "Platypus…" he whispered when Rhodey put away his tray and hurried to sit on the bed by his side, his arms wrapping around Tony's neck and head as he pulled his close against him, He started humming a quiet tune his mother used to sing to comfort his shivering friend. "My hands… Th-they don't… feel right…"
Steve felt the usual mix of ire and excitement that accompanied each of his and Tony's arguments start to bubble in his gut. Even unconscious, Tony could provoke him with his mere presence in close proximity, maddening Steve with his argumentative nature even if only in his own head.
Rhodes was not happy to concede, and before he put on the war machine armor he looked back at Steve, his eyes projecting waves of mistrust. Steve shook his head at him and crossed his arms, watching the armor's back as it left the room.
When he got out of the room he didn't call Rhodes. He would – eventually. But there was something else on his mind at the moment, more important than taking Tony's cars for a spin, all that could wait.
"Tony got hurt before-" he paused, realizing how idiotic the phrase coming out of his mouth actually was. Tony was never hurt like he was now, this was different. "I… god, Steve. I don't think he fully realized yet what happened. I think he… he believes it was a dream, and for some reason, you are somehow the main star of that nightmare that plagues him. I won't… pressure you into talking. If you do want to talk it doesn't have to be me – it can be Nat or Sam. He is a therapist, right? He'd be the better choice anyway." He is deflecting – he knows. Inside his head, The Other Guy is calling him out. 'Puny Banner', the Hulk sneers at him, and yes. That he is.
He took out his breathing device with a steady hand, it was within his grasp, under his own control, Steve couldn't take it from him anymore.
"You too?" Clint asks when Bruce enters to the common area of the tower, abashedly shaking his head and his eyes half closed and rimmed red after a sleepless night. "I can't believe it; Stark is seriously shutting
In Afghanistan, he held himself up. Even after seeing his chest torn open during surgery when he woke up in the middle of it, even during and after the torture of being drowned over and over, he held himself up. He endured without breaking, without letting them see him fracture and break when beaten down and abused. He did not let them see his fear, his pain or his tears.
"You took Bucky's arm." Steve said, and rage burned in his voice. "you wanted revenge, or you were jealous of him because you know how much he will always matter to me, so you did that. I tried, Tony, staying optimistic, believing that you are not that petty and we can just start over. But here you go, saying the same old bullshit. I thought we were already past that phase…"
"I have my doubts about that…" Clint whispered, rolling his eyes when the thunder god eyed him chidingly. "It makes more sense than anything else I can think of. It obviously wasn't Steve, and DNA says it wasn't one of the aliens, then it must have been some other enhanced human or another being altogether. We already know of three different kinds of aliens, who's to say another didn't sneak in unnoticed, right?"
From the outside, the cabin doesn't look like much, it was made to look run down even if still intact, the ground around colored in grayish tenor to impose a feeling of decay, meant to drive away any curious hikers. When he had asked Tony to help design it, it was one of his Ideas to implement atmospheric features to help drive away people who were not supposed to be there, a deterrent that kept on proving its effectiveness with every passing day. However, misguided tourists were not the only ones that needed to be deterred from the place, and as Steve neared the safe-house he noticed several camera sensors evaluating him for risk levels, he knew he would be flagged for his body build, Tony had designed the system to recognize super soldiers and enhanced humans, as those were Hydra's most high-level threats to a place like this.
"You are so good for me, Tony…" Steve praised with a smile as he set aside the razor and turned on the stream of warm water to wash away the remains of the cream on Tony's face and reveal the smooth face underneath it.
When Bruce got to the room in a rush, getting into his lab coat and adjusting his glasses as he went to the ward and processed in the situation. For some reason, the machinery in Tony's room had not alerted him to the panic attack and that… he'd have to check that, later. At that moment he needed to see to Tony.
"Younger, I bet." Steve grinned as he dipped in for another kiss, his hand sliding down Tony's torso slowly, "Lovely… sweet… just for me…" Tony considered trying to push him away as Steve's lips moved down, laying pecks along his jaw and throat, but every movement of his hands hurt, and the thought of putting any more pressure on his still fractured bones made him cringe as he considered the damage they were subjected to.
Sam knew the scenario all too well, and he could not identify but do nothing about it – so he offered to join the visit.
He wasn't worried. Nat could handle herself without him, even locked in a room with a psycho-killer super-soldier who used to be one of their team-mates - one of their friends. She was resourceful and they did prepare for the possibility of being separated, who they ended up fighting had nothing to do with their joint nor solo capabilities for taking out their adversary and getting their mission done.
Rhodey then did turn to look at Steve. His stance bold and steady. "He is here to see his friend after a very long and painful separation, so we are bending the rules a little, a friendly visit could help James get better." He said softly, then turned to smile at her. "It's for Mr. Barnes, Ma'am. Not for anyone else."
You can find me on Tumblr and on Twitter @Narukyuu, I am a lonely person who likes to answer questions so if you have one or a hundred about any of my current or future fics, you are more than welcome to ask! I might even provide spoilers.
"You found him then, you will again." Natasha's voice whispered, prompting him to open his eyes and look at her, setting his jaw in a frown but not bothering to wipe his eyes. "And this time you will have help. I am sorry for not believing, Jim."
"You do know Tony doesn't actually need you to be there when he is getting a sponge bath, right?" she said, turning her body halfway to him, and then frowned when he grimaced again at her words.
"You… are a fucking idiot. You know that?" Rhodey wanted to smile reassuringly, instead, he felt something wet in the corners of his eyes and wiped them with his free hand, letting Tony squeeze the other. He was still breathing weirdly, the intubation in his nose was providing his air but he still tried breathing through his mouth and was having noticeable difficulty keeping a normal pace of that.
"What… what have you done to yourself?" he hissed, and Tony burst into laughter, the metallic hand extending with a soft creaking sound to aim at Steve again.
"Aw… that doesn't look too comfortable, Tony," he said as he went to the kitchen, placing a paper bag on the counter, alerting his companion of his presence. Tony's entire body convulsed once at the sound of his voice, his eyes opened and wildly searched the darkness for the source of Steve's voice, but with normal, unenhanced eyes, that was near impossible. The sound of his breathing – already stressed before he was made aware of Steve presence, now turned erratic.
Natasha moved aside as Clint attached one of his explosive arrows to the wood, and the both of them took cover as it blew away most of the façade. The metal wall beneath the rotten wood was left completely unscathed by the explosion, not a scratch or a scorch mark left on it.
He sat, fiddling with the edges of his shield as he listened to more and more explosions and shouts from outside, listening to the dim roars of a frustrated Hulk as he fantasized about going back to Tony's location, hugging him until he woke and then thanking him for keeping them both safe. He wasn't as upset about the lies anymore, they would go away soon enough.
First, and quickly – he decided to go on the safe side and dashed to the cabinet where he locked the medicine from the pharmacy. He found both the needed pill bottles in the bag of supplies, recognizing the Nitroglycerin as one of the prescriptions he grabbed to cover his more particular interests and sighed in relief at his incredible luck.
Natasha sat next to him on the floor, her hand fumbling with the little ball which made a purring sound and vibrated under her fingers. "At this point, they might not believe this, either." She said quietly. "I think they know it's true, on some level. Bruce does at least. But they don't want to believe, I don't want to believe it, even now. I worked with him, he is a symbol... to them, nothing might change that."
Even if Steve didn't do what Tony thought he did, shouldn't that violence alone have turned on the warning light bulb in everyone's mind?
When Steve settled behind him, one hand stroking circles on his stomach while the other slid down his back. He might have jerked a little, might have sobbed softly under the mask when he felt Steve's still clothed crotch rub against him. Mimicking the act that would follow soon after.
Both of the spies remained persistently still where they stood, glaring at him. Something in their expressions began to change when he talked, as if they had just come to some incredible revelation – then Clint looked around him as if searching for something, and Natasha's glare turned vicious just before she lunged, firing the Widow's Bites at him in a sudden move that he was barely able to block with the shield, followed by a kick to his unprotected side.
"No! No… please don't." The words left his mouth before he could stop them. It wasn't even such an important thing, was it? Just his beard, he could always grow it again when Rhodey finds him, when he is free. It wasn't worth it right now. It wasn't worth the pain and the lethargy. It was ridiculous, it was so stupid. "Steve, please…" again the words left him, this time in the form of a whine as Steve ignored his plead and lathered a brush with the soap.
Other people started gathering around the bed, all smiling happily at Tony's apparent recovery – and the man immediately put on a mask, hiding his pain and smiling at them as well, even as his hand never let Rhodey go and kept squeezing for warmth and reassurance.
Tony groaned at the news, that was not who he was hoping to have to deal with on the subject. "Keep him on ice for me for a few moments, tell me if he becomes too aggressive."
There had been incidents when someone tried to enter the room despite the warning – most noticeable were any members of the Avengers who attempted it and failed, one by one. The attempts weren't violent in nature, all concerned were acutely aware of their surroundings and understood the potential risk a provoked un-manned Iron Man armor could entail. But it was dirty. They had tried diversion, they had tried negotiation – and even – at one point, one of Clint's EMP arrows to deactivate the suit. It didn't work and almost disabled the entire ward, Clint earned a zap from a stun gun by hospital security before being kicked out and warned about ever returning if he is not actually injured. They later learned that Rhodey and Tony averted disaster and fixed the damage the EMP caused themselves.
"I need you to understand… Steve, you've killed me." He said as he stepped forward, "Not just in the literal sense of the word, although I was moments away from that becoming a reality. No. You left me with a damaged brain, a weaker heart, hands that cannot work, cannot pilot my suits, cannot do anything. And all of those things are not even close to the worst of what you've done to me." He was standing just above Steve now, his hand aimed squarely at his chest. "You said you loved me, but everything you have done… from the moment we have even met points to the contrary." His voice trembled, "the first time you killed me, at the crash site… I stayed alive, and I didn't know why. But now I think it was so I could expose you for the monster you are. The second time… it was so I could stop you from hurting anyone ever again."
He didn't sound happy. Tony closed his eyes, the pain coursing through his body was overwhelming and the need to scream was nagging at his mind but he
Then, after lifting his arm and taking it back, Rhodes looked at Sam like he was seeing him for the first time in years, and his smile turned warm. "You were a PJ in Afghanistan, right? A real hero." He nodded, almost to himself as he kept on walking, "I heard about what happened to your partner, about what you've been doing at the VA, I saw the pamphlets you got for Tony too – he won’t read them, but… thank you, regardless. For your service and otherwise."
Numbly Tony waited, not very sure how death felt, if the pain would just suddenly stop or continue indefinitely, if his mind would just stop… how would he know? How would he even feel? He just waited. Counted the seconds. He knew it'd be soon, not-breathing was so hard and so loud in the silence of his constricted concrete and steel grave, air wheezing sharply around him. A maddening sound, he wished he couldn't hear it anymore.
Three weeks more passed before Rhodey could take Tony home, his childhood home – the mansion. It was prepared for their arrival by Jarvis and Pepper, who hired a team of specialists – Doctors and nurses and therapists, and equipped Tony's room – once one of his mother's rooms, with SI's latest line of medical technologies. The hospital was paid off to keep quiet about Tony's condition to the media, both in the form of a grant for a new wing, equipped with that same line of Stark tech, and the individual pay-off for Doctors and nurses who came in touch with Tony or Rhodey. Tony's current state of being alive never left the hospital room nor his room at the mansion, and as far as Rhodey was concerned, it could stay that way.
Steve stood still, wearily staring at him. "You know I didn't want to hurt you, Tony…" he said, taking a step forward, "this is not what I wanted…"
team, more focused on bringing back the Winter Soldier safe and hopefully sane, than actually participate in official Avengers operations. As such, his encounters with Tony Stark were both brief and unflattering to the genius, who spent most of his spare time either running his company in sharp suits or holed up in the laboratory in pantsuits and oil stained tank-tops, creating whatever. Some of the time was also spent arguing with Steve, as the two leaders of the group seemed to have clashing sets of ideals and ideas about strategies and… pretty much everything else.
The man sat, a bit crouched over Tony's still body, one of his hands gently tapping just above the now bandaged injury on his thigh while the other held Tony's hand tightly. He turned to look at Bruce when he entered, mentally prepared to start a fight - if Bruce read his expression right, and then relaxed when he saw who it was who entered.
Pain was a constant for the last few years. It comes with the job – not his day job, though listening to the board of directors' talk can cause quite the headache at times, and carelessness while working with high density lasers and other potentially deadly tools could be a cause of a considerable amounts of pain and wounds but… no, the worst pain he experienced came from his becoming "Iron Man".
It was. If he'd only paid attention and saw where Tony ended up they would've found him earlier, he wouldn't have been… Clint put fingers through his hair, then nodded back at his partner and reached to pull his hearing aid from his ear as he left the room.
He calls Doctor Garcia on the way to the tower, asking her to keep an eye if she can. Then he rings up Rhodes, letting him know he was coming to sleep at the tower. Rhodes asks if he can pick up some takeout on the way, clearly withholding his many questions about his friend's condition until Bruce is rested and fed, and Bruce is grateful.
"Rogers? You mean Steve?" Rhodey prompted and immediately caught the hitch in Tony's breath when the name was spoken, "Tony what are you talking about?"
That's… what Pepper would say. Jim tried, he tried looking at Iron-Man and seeing it as a horrible thing that put his best friend in constant danger - instead he saw an engineering miracle, a tool that allowed Tony to perform incredible things for the betterment of the world - for the future. It brought back that idealistic, incredibly idiotic, risk-taking,
He wanted to think it was an accident, he wanted to think Steve had tried for a gentler motion but lost control of his own strength… but as the pain spread across his cheek, and the tears that he thought had dried already sprouted again, he decided to stop trying to make up excuses. Instead, he acknowledged the peril he was in and decided to not take unnecessary risks, not to aggravate him any more than necessary.
"Oh? Don't you usually go with him on those trips?" she smiled softly at him, tilting her head to try and catch any discomfort he might exhibit on his face.
Stark industries were in trouble, the board was trying to push Pepper out from her position, now that he was gone. It was an opportunity for them – Pepper was now the only person in a powerful enough position to maintain the strict "No-Weapons" policies he put in place, she was citing his wants as cause to continue in the line of clean energy, medical technology, prosthesis and research for the betterment of the world, but without producing his actual will, they had to take only her word for it. And it stopped being enough.
"It doesn't change anything, does it?" Clint said then, hands tightening on one of his arrows that he held in his hand through the conversation. "Just because he was there doesn't mean he could have stopped it from happening, and…" he paused, "Wait, you don't think…?"
Instead, Steve's weight lifted off the bed, his body heat dissipating around Tony's form as he stood up, leaving him shaking from the cold. Tony was not able to see the expression on his face, and neither did he want to.
Steve remembered what an asthma attack felt like, and this looked too familiar to just dismiss out of hand. He wondered if Asthma powder like what he would have used in the past was something he could get at a pharmacy; he wasn't very knowledgeable about medicinal advancements since the serum. He made up his mind to try getting some, at least make it easier for Tony until such time that he either healed or succumbed to his ailment -Either way, Steve would be there by his side and care for him.
"Tones… shit, you're not supposed to be out of bed yet." Rhodey was by his side, on the floor for some reason, cradling his head close to his abdomen. Tony made a disapproving groan and nuzzled Rhodey's thigh. He pouted when Rhodey grunted at the gesture.
aaand that's it? please enjoy, and fear not - there's at least one more chapter before I leave you for another year ;)
He didn’t dare to look down at what it was that had him, he didn’t dare stare into the vast darkness of that creature’s eyes again, Tony kept his eyes up, looking at the rays of sunlight that broke through the surface while continuing his push to get back to them. But how could he, merely human, useless and weak and vulnerable as he ever was – hope to fight at all?
A muscle tensed in Steve's throat as he turned to look at her. "...a security guy, and a nurse. A big nurse." He muttered before sipping at his coffee, grimacing at the bitter taste of it. Natasha wasn't sure if she should have thought it was funny or not but smirked with amusement anyway.
"Jarvis, give me five more minutes, then open the door." He whispered into his communication device, then, after a few moments he added "I'm sorry."
"Careful! It could injure you worse the next time." He warned, and he didn't think his words sounded like a threat, even if Tony's big eyes widened and his entire body recoiled like prey facing off a predator when he said them. He tried to smile to ease the mood, but found himself frowning when Tony averted his eyes to look anywhere else but at him.
"Jarvis…" he exhaled, "status?" his voice broke mid word as he took step after cautious step towards the body curled up on the floor, he could hear the war machine armor turning its head as it mapped and scanned the room.
"Yes sir…" Jarvis sounded dissatisfied with his orders, "If I may, your body seems to still be under distress-"
The TV turned off as soon as Rhodey entered the room, prompting a protest from absolutely no one who sat in the room. It was sort of a relief, actually – as Jarvis made a point of haunting the Avengers with news coverage of Tony's 'Mysterious' disappearance and crazy theories born of the media's need for an explanation no one would actually provide. The theories were all crazy, some were downright offensive, and none were close to the terrifying truth.
When the man turned nearly unresponsive to his and Rhodey's soft conversation Bruce nodded at the other man and stood up. He showed Rhodey the distress buttons for the nurses and urged him to call him if Tony woke up or if anything out of the ordinary happened, then left the room and took a deep breath, releasing it slowly.
"Don't worry, hon…" he whispered softly, sitting down on the mattress next to Tony's tense body, who then attempted with a gasp to scurry away. Steve frowned and reached to pull him back, one hand on his slim waist enough to cause Tony to freeze completely and allow with only the slightest wounded cry for Steve to pull him back into place. "I am going to take care of you, you can trust me." He leaned in to kiss Tony's temple, brushing through his hair with his fingers to try and help Tony relax, but his muscles convulsed under his touch, tensing like those of an animal straining to escape a child's too-tight hug. "You don't need the hospital, Tony… it's not safe there. It's better here with me."
"We will call you, and notify the foundation." Rhodes nodded, then, he slowly walked by Steve, made no eye contact.
up as soon as possible, we have no time to loiter around." He got up, balancing his entire weight on his good leg as if intending to walk right back inside and pull Rhodes out by the ear if he had to.
The door closed shut behind Clint moments before Natasha could join him, he heard her frustrated shout from beyond the mechanized steel, just before the thud that told him of the fight still going on in the other room rattled the walls.
Rhodey didn't go to his own apartment after being shamefully kicked out of Tony's room in the hospital. He couldn't bear to be all on his own, but the company of other people was also too much. The solution on days like those was usually 'talk to Tony until he annoys the melancholy away.' When Tony wasn't available, a conversation with JARVIS was always a nice distraction. Considering it was built by Tony – the A.I. was incredibly level-headed, and always found the most intriguing and relevant conversational topics.
"Technology never works when you need it." Steve didn't meet Tony's flustered stare when the dying man strained to find his blue eyes, wanting to find hope and reassurance in them that Steve was telling him the truth, that someone really was coming - they'd won and help was coming and he will get help before his chest rebels against the concept of hosting air within its vicinity, before he bleeds too much for his body to still be salvaged, before tiredness overwhelms him and it's over… he didn't really believe, but if Steve did… then he could find it possible to let a spark of hopefulness remain lit.
Before leaving, Steve let Tony have another one of the pills and made sure he had water with him before tucking him in under the covers, making sure he was warm and comfortable before kissing him just once more on the lips, getting a small, indistinguishable noise in return.
Steve smiled as he left the facility, thinking back to all those horrible things Tony had said before, he could understand how Tony, as insecure in general, but probably particularly about the relationship Steve was trying to build with him, would become antagonized. It was okay – not a setback of any kind. They would get through this phase and mutual understanding would prevail. The road from there to a loving, clichéd relationship that no one could challenge with their ugly lies was just a step further down that road.
His fear overwhelmed him. He shouted for them to let go but found his voice muffled by what seemed like a gas mask. He knew they were drugging him… he couldn't let them continue if he wanted to get away. He thrashed under their hands while attempting and failing not to cry out at the constant torment any slight amount of movement earned him, his eyes failed to focus and recognize who of his adversaries had gotten him this time.
Not one soul in the hospital questioned the need for the black and gold 'Iron Man' armor standing at Tony Stark's room door at the hospital – they all walked by it with a bit of awe in their eyes, some stopping to wave at the suit or try to coax a reaction from whoever is inside, just to fall on their asses – spooked when a metallic voice warned them about breaching the perimeter not being allowed for unauthorized personnel. After a few days, it became a fixture in the ward just like any other piece of furniture. The Doctors and the nurses paid it no mind as they entered the room undisturbed, greeted by James Rhodes, Pepper Potts or Happy Hogan with welcoming smiles. It seemed that no matter the hour – the man was never alone.
it. But someone has to. "We have to find Steve." She says, quietly, "We have to locate him, if there's even the slightest…" she bites her lips when she feels several more eyes on her, sees the hurt in Sam's eyes, the betrayal in everyone else's.
The voice of the television continued to rumble when the door suddenly opened. Steve did not expect visitors, subconsciously, he prepared himself for a fight as he turned to watch Sam come in with a large carton box in his hands. placated, Steve smiled at him in gratitude, then frowned when Sam physically recoiled and looked away from him as he put it down on the kitchen table.
"No, Please Bruce…" he whispered and looked up, "I can't… I won't go back to sleep. Please don't make me." His voice, while still strained and shrill, was rather steady. His hands were fumbling with the thin sheet covering his body. "I just… I feel like I'm going crazy, I should stay awake. I can't sleep all of the time, right? I need to do something. I'll get Pepper to bring me some tools and blueprints from R&D and do that. Nothing heavy…" he mumbled under his breath, Bruce could barely keep up with the pace of his words. "Just keep the mind working, I have so many ideas and I am stuck here so I might as well be useful right? Bruce? Right?"
of all people, telling me to check up on you.” She said, her tone calm with an edge of something terrifying, “And then I find out you cancelled all our appointments today and took a sick day. But you don’t even bother to call me? What am I supposed to think, Tony?”
The screen blinked again, and Tony tried to smile without breaking into a fit of tears when a camera flash nearly blinded him, right before words started forming on the screen. The sphere chirped excitedly and bounced in the air, making it hard to read, but Tony knew what was written regardless.
When Natasha entered the room she found Tony asleep. A nurse who sat in the room – noticeably large and even more noticeably bruised and bandaged – was going through his medical records and looked a bit bored, he accepted the offering of coffee and donuts graciously and told her he was on guard duty, making sure that Mr. Stark was not yet again triggered into another panic attack by the stubbornness of Captain America who refused to leave his side even as the man screamed that he wanted him gone and that Tony was currently under the influence of some very strong sedatives after having almost run away from his room in his panic several times during the night. He was not expected to wake up for at least a few more hours.
The hand tightened, cutting Tony's breathing efforts almost completely. "I thought… I thought you'd be dead, is why I did what I did." He sighed, "I thought it'd be the last time I saw you, how could I deny myself… us, how could I deny both of us that one time? It was a long time coming and we almost missed it, I knew that. I did what was right for us." He let go then, only keeping one hand on Tony's body, on his trembling thigh on which wounds had now re-opened and were leaking blood again. His one hand enough to keep Tony completely still and at his mercy. "Don't twist my words like you usually do, though. I'm glad you are alive. I'm happy we will get to start again."
He felt Bruce shift to look at Steve, could imagine the curve of his brow at the request. Bruce will want to ask why, later. It was fine. Tony could tell. Bruce would think it's ridiculous because it absolutely was, and then they would laugh and everything will be okay again. He won't see the image of Steve's hateful look directed at him ever again.
Steve was still there, still glaring at him with a kind of thrill in his eyes Tony recognized – to add much to his current state of horror – from seeing just the same expression when Steve had held him down and touched him in all the wrong places as he was dying. This was a dream, before was a dream too, wasn't it? Steve wouldn't…
"-Since the Invasion two weeks ago, Tony Stark, the former CEO and current head of R&D at Stark Industries but also, and some might say more importantly – the Avenger known as Iron Man, has been hospitalized with severe injuries and, it seems, a serious case of post-traumatic stress. Eyewitnesses who were at the hospital for the duration of his stay there tell us that Stark often woke up screaming in the middle of the night several times during his stay. It also appears that sometime during his stay, Stark had grown extremely paranoid, and had a bodyguard in an Iron man armor guard his room. You know what they say – just because you are paranoid doesn't mean there isn't someone out to get you, and Mr. Stark have all but proven the saying by disappearing mysteriously, allegedly taken by an unknown—"
Was losing consciousness possible in a dream? If he did – would he finally wake up? Tony's eyes drooped close as the kiss just didn't seem to end, and the terror of dying yet again filled his heart. Worse yet – he'd die in a hospital rather than a battlefield while doing good for the world, helpless and vulnerable by the hands of his childhood idol? It'd better be a nightmare, better be some sort of coping mechanism, trying to put a… 'friendly face' to his impending doom…? Oh, he ever so hoped it was really that.
"It's not fair, Tony. You can't die yet. You just can't. Do you hear me? Stay awake." Steve's hand was so warm against his head, it was nice, the sensation of his long, firm fingers running through mats of bloodied hair was comforting, it wasn't a bad feeling to experience before dying. If only he'd shut up and let him rest now… "help is coming, you hear? They're coming. Come on…!" The hand left Tony's hair and shot to the Captain's ear, from which he pulled an earpiece with a frustrated shout, making Tony jolt back to awareness.
Next, an EMP could have shut down the suits. It'd have to be military grade, and capable of taking down an arc reactor, and those were rather rare and big. And again, Jarvis would have been able to alert him to it before it became an issue.
"Yes, I understand," Bruce nodded and sighed, "Well, you should go rest then, Captain. I'm sure Thor and the rest of the team can handle the situation outside for a few more hours."
Natasha kept her face set as stone, not part of her body moved an inch further than how it was supposed to, like a perfectly carved statue she stood and aimed her weapon at him, assured in her resolve as if she and Steve were not teammates how brought down an entire branch of corrupt government together, as if she and him had not bonded as fugitives from the law just months before.
It was hard to breathe again despite the aide the machine provided. Steve implored him to relax, he didn't want to feel like he was doing this with a corpse, like before. That was the point.
After hearing what they had to say, she never regretted having good ears and greater spy skills more.
Maybe it really was just a matter of time before the two of them advanced their weird relationship into something more, took out their frustrations with each-other in a more effective way. Steve was sure that Tony was just as interested as he was. The rest of the team realized it too, some of them knew that it was so a long time before Steve thought of it himself, and had teased them about it at any moment, relishing on flustered expressions and faces turning red.
"An attack?" she asked, not turning to Steve, just waiting to hear the news as he would deliver them. She was trying lately – after being proven wrong a few times – not to jump to quick conclusions. At that moment it wasn't really working. "Was it Hydra?"
“Tony?” her voice was soft, and he realized he had zoned out again, completely missing what she had been saying in response to his excuse. “I won’t come if you don’t want me to, but please don’t tell me everything is fine when it clearly isn’t.”
What did ultimately stop him, after he managed to calm himself just enough to breath sufficiently again, were a couple of big, black eyes nestled in a yet bigger, pale, green humanoid-but-not-quite-human-face that was  staring at him as a head three times the size of his own rose from the sea. It had a narrow face and bald head, with sharp cheekbones, eyes that did not blink, and no visible nose. It only had two holes where normally the nostrils would have been had it been human, and the rest of it stayed beneath the water, so Tony could not make out the shape of its mouth.
After they left, Tony remained alone. They explained someone would come by sometime later to check up on him and give him the pain meds Bruce had prescribed, and he saved up his defiance to taking those meds for later. The pain was good right now, strong, vivid pain was the only thing keeping him from falling asleep and dreaming again, so it was good.
When he saw the Colonel that morning, sitting in the tower with a cup of coffee that had long ago turned cold, his eyes haunted and shoulders slumped, and learned from Clint that the man was supposed to go meet with the CEO of Tony's company at the hospital, so they could both go and see Tony, Sam remembered with a tang of discomfort how it had felt to meet Riley's mother after… the heaviness in the air, the overwhelming feeling of guilt. Rhodes was there when Tony was shot out of the sky into a building, he saw it happen, and he had to face the people closest to Tony and explain to them what had happened and why he couldn't save him.
Disappointment and contempt marred Steve's face, turning him from the content and hopeful man Tony used to cherish and worship to the monster he saw in his nightmare riddled sleep, and for a moment he worried – maybe he had grown tired of waiting for his ideal to come true, perhaps he would give up, now. What that meant for Tony? he didn't know, but the options weren't so numerous that Tony couldn't guess the spirit of the things Steve might do to him once he lost his patience, and fear of those actions stayed fresh and constant in his mind whenever he managed to focus it.
He arrived at the podium, his breath short in his chest, a special inhaler he designed for himself over the course of two weeks -
"Yeah," he said, grabbing his kit-bag, "but you need to keep your promise to Bruce and get a few hours of sleep every night. And take your meds, Tony. that's non-negotiable."
He took out a small remote from his pocket and with a flick of his wrist he shut down the security system's evaluation of him. He listened for the mechanical screech that told him of the withdrawal of several heavy artillery weapons that were hidden all around the place before stepping before a wooden panel hidden on the side of the little building, rather than the main entrance. He lay his palm against it, felt the warmth and itch of the scan that checked his features, and waited.
"I really don't, though…" he hissed and gasped when the thin, delicate skin where his arc reactor used to be was pinched, before Steve's hand moved to rub one of his nipples, a motion that caused Tony's entire body to convulse in revulsion.
She was there the day before, when Bruce and the other doctors rushed Stark inside, saw them as they hooked him up with tubes and needles and an obscene amount of painkillers as well, probably. They pulled a curtain around his bed and talked in hushed whispers, but Bruce should have known that it wouldn't really matter with her in the room, she was a bit disappointed in him, to be honest.
As soon as he did, Steve let go and watched him double over with his upset stomach gurgling, dry heaving and wheezing wetly as bits of soup leaked from his mouth and nose. "If you throw up, we will be doing this again and again until you don't," Steve said curtly and got up, going to the kitchen and leaving Tony to try and keep his body from expelling the unwanted food, eyes tearing until all the fluids on his face mixed to create an ugly image. Steve came back with a damp paper towel and looked at him with disapproval.
It was like they never left, soft and comforting in the back of his mind, singing a harmonious tune that called for him. He belonged with them now, he belonged to them, and he knew that he carried them inside him now as a reminder of what he was; What he would be. The whales sang, lulling away the hint of panic that his mind tried to generate about the intrusion.
Also, second week of the semester, so much work, I'm dying. doing the best I can to bring you more chapters soon though so don't give up on me! :))
"Jarvis, summon an armor that has a cloaking technology over here. I know Tony made one." He said softly, "the mansion… Stark Mansion, is it empty now?" some of the tension in Tony's muscles relaxed under his touch, the wrinkles in his furrowed brow smoothed as Rhodey spoke, and he wasn't sure if it was because Tony subconsciously knew that he was being rescued, or because his body was failing and had no strength to keep the tension in his muscles any longer. When the AI replied positively he got up and gathered Tony from the floor, he was lighter than he ever could have anticipated, and his body was limp in his arms.
Didn't matter if it did, Steve treated any complaint that Tony dared make as either spoiled behavior or a challenge, like he did with Tony's breathing woes, where his solution was an inhaler of all things – only helpful to a point as the medicine did help expand and clear Tony's airways to let more air in, but truly did nothing to help his lungs absorb the extra oxygen he needed so his body could function correctly and start healing. Trying to explain to Steve that what he needed was a breathing machine meant trying to convince him to take him to a hospital again or provide him technology, and that just made the man suspicious and set him in a bad mood, and that meant more pain, more fear. Tony didn't need more of those in his life.
"He doesn't blame you or anyone else, Clint. He is confused and scared…" Bruce breathed in, "He just needs some space to feel safe again."  He looks up and looks around the room, meeting eyes with each Avenger before moving on. The atmosphere of the room felt heavy as they all exchanged looks like that, helpless. "We can't be there for him if he feels we don't believe his version of what happened. I made a mistake by trying to convince him what happened didn't happen how he thinks it did, I argued instead of helping him understand… No, it's not an overreaction."
Tony didn't answer, he didn't bother to mention that he'd just had a heart attack, or pose any argument against whatever Steve had planned. He knew that it would happen sooner or later – he expected it sooner, if he was being honest with himself. Every touch and every stroke against his skin made his mind turn on a deafening alarm – numb turned into hypersensitive, apathy into panic. The worst part was knowing that Steve would not rip into him mercilessly and be done with it as soon as possible – no, he would not do that. Instead, he would make it linger, take it slow and whisper loving nothings in his ear. He would do anything to make Tony enjoy it and respond to him, and he will succeed.
The receptionist coughed and gave him an impatient look, and he smiled at her in return as he came closer to receive a visitor's badge.
Tony could barely move his hands due to pain, so it was a relief to discover the Emergency buttons panel in an approachable position on the side of the bed as was designed by his R&D department and approved by his own hand, he was just able to press it as his body convulsed again under Steve's body, desperate for air and relief.
His stomach was on fire. It was sudden and there was no warning before the heat ignited under his skin. He gasped as air did not arrive to his lungs, and  his entire body convulsed in pain as the heat kept increasing. It was changing something inside him: he could feel it –could feel the rearrangement of his organs so clearly– and when he moved his hands to his stomach he could feel small changes of shape and size as things got pushed around.
Once he was standing, his head swimming and a bout of nausea developing in his gut, Steve seized his arm again, holding him upright when he almost toppled over. Tony did not struggle and tried not to whimper when a tremble passed through him at the touch. He let himself be dragged to the bathroom – a sect of the small house locked behind a wooden panel, only unlocked by biometric identification.
"Hush… It's okay…" Steve hurried to his side, leaving the paper bag alone for now. He put his hand on Tony's chest, tracing and stroking the edges of the round scar left after the arc reactor was removed. He hoped to soothe him, but Tony, in a rapid and dubiously intentional movement, tried to slap his hand away. He was, of course, unsuccessful.
Maybe that was why he felt a little grateful when the building collapsed over him, why he hadn't fought as hard or made a significant effort to get free. Not from the rubble, not from Steve's hold.
"Bruce… I…" he breathed in heavily, then exhaled as if trying to avoid another attack. Their hands found each other and Bruce squeezed Tony's reassuringly. "I promise, thank you."
Sam didn't quite imagine he would be able to work alongside the person who invented and provided the Exo-7 Falcon to the military – to him and Riley and made the both of them, well, essentially super-heroes themselves, now that he thought about it.
He dreamed, sometimes. When nightmares of war and loss and ice let him have a brief respite, what Tony would look like when the inevitable finally happened and they both admitted their attraction. He dreamed of angry, violent sex fueled by fights and disagreements over the most stupid things, infuriating Genius billionaire grinning at him as he slammed in, moaning and pulling on his hair when they kissed. Steve found those dreams scary at first, wondering why his fantasies were not focused around more gentle interactions – the way Tony could make him laugh, his enthusiasm as he talked about technology and science and space and the future in words Steve would never truly understand, his idealism hidden under a mask of realism which he allowed nearly no one to witness. But as days went by and the Avengers grew closer as a group, the dreams became an enticing desire for such a reality to even be a possibility.
Steve gritted his teeth in annoyance. They still went on with this belief, then? he was getting tired of it. "regardless of what you believe I've done, you can't just keep me here without due process. I haven't seen a lawyer, much less given my day in court, this is a violation of my rights. You know all about it, don't you? We both know who between the two of us this cell was meant for."
again. Fuck you, rapist." He closed his eyes immediately after saying the words, readying himself for the punishment he was sure would come, the backlash backed by the rage of the delusional Super-Soldier. It was stupid of him to say it, and he couldn't stop himself regardless.
"Well, I don't like being kidnapped and brutalized repeatedly, so I think we might not be the best match." He said, more like rasped quietly, with not nearly as much bite in his tone as he was capable of, and yet somehow his words managed to get a deep hiss from the bottom of Steve's throat as his hand reached and seized Tony's collar, pushing him further against the wall.
As he did to Tony, they made sure to deprive him of anything that could be used to commit suicide. With Tony being dead, that would've been the only way for him to get him back – but he was not in a hurry to die. He still had to find Bucky before that, couldn't leave him under Hydra's control. He had to give his friend a chance at life before he ended his own and joined Tony. He knew without a doubt that Tony would wait for him, wherever he was, his dreams assured him – dreams of the first time, the smile on Tony's face when he moaned his name, his slack hands trying to hold him closer, patting his skin urgently as the loved. He told him he loved him back in those dreams, and Steve believed it couldn't be anything but the truth, because now Tony had no more reasons to lie to him.
Tony's struggle ceased, but his erratic breath and little sobs had not. Steve felt his shirt strain and crumple where Tony grabbed at it when he lifted him in his arms, one hand supporting his back and head and another propped underneath his thighs. He was behaving well, considering his manners the past week.
Rhodey may have over indulged himself at Tony's minibar. He was trashing Tony's lab. He realized he was doing it after the third picture frame he broke and shattered on the floor, and he couldn't quite stop. The paintings themselves were not harmed – Tony would hate him if they were… the man was an art and antique
The two spies exchanged looks, then Natasha moved toward Ross while Clint went back to his sit glumly. "We will release everything we found out to the press, Stark industries will make an announcement sooner or later too. People will not welcome him back so easily." She said quietly, to which Ross replied with a bark of laughter.
– her words – and was not leaving the room to let the nurses do their jobs, would not even let them pull out a curtain to take care of the less attractive chores of caring for a human being.
"Iron man…? Oh… oh god. Tony?" Who? The words rang in his ears, incomprehensible. A loud clang of metal hitting metal caused him to jolt.
Tony chooses to trust someone, they betray him. He chooses to trust only himself – and gets burnt. Rhodey clenched his fists around another piece of metal. Every choice Tony made seemed to turn out to be a loss for him, and he always made those choices anyway.
He spent the next hour in his bathroom, skin tingling when he asked Jarvis to turn on the hot water and then just stood there, staring as the stream of water started flowing down the drain. He wanted to wash out the salt from his hair, the remains of sand crusting over his skin, he wanted to wash away the hazy memory of monstrous hands and black eyes roaming his body, puncturing him wherever they went.
Tony didn't even see how beautiful he looked without the tangled mess of facial hair; he didn't even give it a chance. The sheer
It was never that easy, and this time wasn't any different. Steve had this Idea in his head – someday Tony would do this because he wanted to, someday Tony would truly love him back or acknowledge that he always did, and he would do the little things lovers do without an ulterior motive, without conniving to get anything but love and warmth back. And Steve acted on that belief to the latter, Steve accepted the peck on his lips and with a hand on Tony's waist pulled him in for more. The same hand moved to stroke his thigh and pet his bottom before Tony recoiled back, backing away from the touch and the hungry exchange of fluids.
He was supposed to be in the hospital, protected by JARVIS in a suit at the entrance to his room and two more veiled and hidden outside his window. He was waiting for Rhodey to come back from the tower with more work for him to do as he had already taken apart and reassembled all of the prototypes from the last time several times and was getting bored.
Tony replayed in his mind the last time Steve stood over him like that. 'I thought you'd be dead… that's why I did it…' those words seemed too morbid to be real, too gross to have come from between the lips of who he considered an ally, a friend… perhaps a role-model, even if he'd never admitted it – how could it be real, how could the act the words referenced to be real – but it
"I'm afraid I cannot provide any further information." Jarvis repeated stubbornly. "Any further attempts to access those files will restrict your access to my services, Doctor Banner." Bruce pounded the desk with his fist hard enough that the glass coating on it cracked and a low, rumbling growl found its way out of his throat. "Doctor Banner, I strongly advise that you step into the restraining chamber and calm down."
"I'm not a brainwashed Hydra asset you can 'cure', Steve… the design will not 'disillusion' me or change what you did." Steve did not turn to look at him, but he stiffened. "You raped me, you almost killed me, you hurt Rhodey… kidnapped me… Do you think telling me over and over that, you did it out of love changes anything? Do you think keeping me here would?" Steve turned to him, his blue eyes dark and his jaw gritted in anger. Tony inhaled, felt his chest constrict under the stress as the glare hit him full with murderous intent. Regardless, he said the last bit stubbornly and with added scorn. "If I
"Too bad our ex-team demolished it. We don't really have time to build another one. Do we?" Tony turned halfway, finding Steve looking at him, hopeful like a Labrador dog who was promised a treat, a small smile plastered across his lips, when Tony didn't answer the Labrador smile turned into a vicious, predatory glower. He took another step forward, Tony instinctively stepped back, his flank knocking several wall-mounted screwdrivers from their mounts and onto the floor. "Not answering is as bad as lying, Tony. I don't like it when you lie."
Whatever happened – and Bruce was now just beginning to estimate how disastrous that was – made Steve pause for a bit, then, when he talked, his voice was laced with a peculiar kind of anger that made chills run up Bruce's spine, and the Hulk inside him a little too excited for his liking. "I watched him
Just as he was drifting away and giving up the notion of ever breathing again, Steve let go and placed the oxygen mask back on his nose and mouth, Tony was almost drinking down his shallow breathes of air, trying desperately to find a normal pace so he didn't even notice as Steve turned to face the nurse that came into the room in haste and told her to call Bruce, gesturing at the opened, bleeding wound on Tony's thigh. He couldn't comprehend what he was saying, just saw the worried look and the nod the nurse pointed at him before leaving the room again.
Attempts to explain that he needed whatever respiratory aid to live and therefore would not take it apart just to escape Steve's idea of a vacation home had gone through Steve's ear and came out the other side, unheeded. Despite the sympathetic, understanding looks he sometimes snuck toward Tony when he thought he wasn't seeing, Steve seemingly preferred watching him get brain damaged or die rather than provide any type of machine to help him get better if it also provided a chance at escape.
"With all due respect, Colonel…" Steve raised his chin, his eyes borrowing holes into Rhodes "From what I hear… from what I
Rhodey stood in the corner, still in his armor which rarely came off in the last few days, and ate his sandwich in silence. Despite reaching an accord with the team, he did not fraternize with them anymore, and shared only information he thought was crucial for them to know. It was evident to all that he was not going to let anyone besides himself lay a hand on Tony once they found him, not unless they wanted to face off against him. And if Tony was not… if because of their delay and negligence Tony was hurt with no chance of recovery, there would be hell to pay.
Sam shook his head, clutching his hand over his phone. "He went after a hot trail for Bucky two days ago, he is never very approachable at times like that, you know." The way his brow crumpled as the words left his mouth was full of irritation that was not often found on Sam's face, not when it came to Steve. He was usually happy to accept the man's actions and support them, even stupid ones. He sometimes turned snappy about it and had that look that made her think he was judging everyone for their idiotic behavior, but more often than not – he'd join the same idiotic behavior, and have fun with it too.
Not that he knew enough about Stark to make that distinction. The others did, or at least claimed to – Sam often found himself wondering how much time any of them besides Colonel Rhodes and perhaps Doctor Banner actually spent with Tony, other than for a new upgrade for their equipment. He himself could not claim for much interaction besides that and the missions both of them participated in – and those weren't much. Other than some distant respect for the feats Stark committed in the past, Sam had no stronger feelings about the man.
Rhodey's hand was bleeding when he came back to the room, and hung in a weird way from his wrist, his brow creased in visible pain as he all but fell on the sofa at the edge of the room, by the window. Its soft cushions crumpled under his weight as he lay down with his back turned toward Tony's bed, not allowing his worried friend to get a glimpse of his bruised face.
It was a dream, just a dream. He knew that – but everything was too real. Steve was too real – and yet he just stood there and watched him like an eagle, ready to plunge in on the carcass that remained after he finally let out his final breath. Steve wouldn't, couldn't really be this way – Tony knew that. So this must have been a dream, it must have been…
"I was, the trail was a bust." He said, tilting his head to peek at the man walking slowly towards him, and tensed when he felt the hand on his shoulder. "what is going on, Sam?" He asked severely at seeing his friend's face laced with worry.
Pepper was the first inside the room, running over to the bedside and hugging a shell-shocked looking Tony whose haunted eyes closed tightly at the first touch by his Ex, his hand slowly moving to hover above her back, not quite touching her blouse while he waited for her to move back, when she did he sat through her chiding speech in silence, smiling softly at her as she wept about the awfulness of it all and told him how much she resented that goddamn armor that could not even keep him safe. Happy soon came to his aide when he was done setting the giant teddy bear at the foot of Tony's bed, the balloons tied to its rail and the flowers watered in a vase by the window. He gave both Rhodey and Tony a small salute before softly guiding Pepper out of the room, his hand resting on her waist as they bantered quietly with each-other. They were an interesting couple, that was for sure.
"Hi, everyone." He started, hesitation sneaking into his voice as he felt his legs shiver under him. His eyes searched the audience, searching for a pair of blue, icy eyes. He breathed in and smiled shakily. This used to come so naturally to him. He came back from three months captivity in a cave and came back directly into one of these to announce the thing that started the sharp turn of fate he'd taken upon himself–
But then, Bruce had to go and call it 'Rape'. As if Steve would ever do something like that. Not that they knew it was him – sure, if one of their enemies was to do the same as Steve did, that'd be sexual assault… Although… knowing Tony, he'd probably enjoy it anyway. The man talked – if in a joking tone – about fucking an alien being an item on his bucket list. So how horrible would that really be for him, anyway? Who is to say Tony wouldn't have provoked them to do it by his own resolve, if the chance presented itself? Steve himself was baited by the man to do what he did, made to believe that it was his last chance to ever touch… have Tony as he dreamed to for so long.
While Steve was busy administering his Kiss of Death, Tony searched his mind for anything, literally any idea that would either wake him up from the nightmare or alert people outside of it what was happening. He knew most of the hospitals were getting a lot of tech from the medical engineering section of SI, and the Avengers – if not Rhodey, would know to take him to a hospital not using his own tech would earn them a bitching when he was better. He was sure even in an emergency, they would make an effort to surround him with his own tech.
To ease the pain, he had to do things. He created a suit of armor – amazing, truly a marvel. He wasn't going to be modest about it, he knew what he had created and he felt justified to his pride in it. Even when wearing it brought more pain, more injury. Even when it caused those he thought loved him to turn against him – it was the only thing to offer a contrast for the much deeper sort of pain, the other side of the coin called "Iron Man".
The heat burned as he watched blood trickle along Tony's skin… Was Tony aware that he was doing this to him? Was it on purpose? He didn't mind playing the game.
"You have to give him time." She concluded, "and yourself, too. I'm here if you need to talk, just call." She then moved past him and into the room, leaving him outside to think about what she said.
Tony tried to keep himself from falling into panic again, reached to a different mindset - not of fear but of anger instead. If he could keep calm and talk his way out of this, he could reach the next Avenger who came into the room and tell them… try to hope they believe him. He just needed to get through this.
A finger on his chin compelled him to look back at Steve, a nudge of his oxygen mask to open his eyes.
So, he didn’t fight when Steve removed his dirty clothes and covered both his casted hands with nylon before he made him step into the shower together with him, he didn't say a thing when warm water licked his bruised skin as Steve held him against his broad chest and murmured words he didn't want to hear in his ear, nor when his hands moved to settle on his hips, lower than where they normally went.
Clint ignored the sounds of the fight, dim as they were through the steel wall, in favor of a look around the room. It was the only other room in the cabin according to their blueprints, barring the bathroom. Not finding Tony there did not come as a surprise, even if it did squash what hopes and dreams he had of ever being able to do so. Bruce warned them that there might be no one left to rescue anymore, and their mission was to capture Steve from the get go. Neither he or Nat were too optimistic, it was a trait people in their line of work tended to lose early on.
And yet, for all of his competence and intelligence, Rhodey couldn't even protect Tony stark. Granted, the man was a risk-taking idiot and acted independent to a fault, and nobody should bear
Eventually Rhodes broke his gaze and went hurriedly to the reception desk, putting down his things and smiling at the receptionist calmly. "The Doctor said Mr. Barnes feels much better today, you can let… Rogers… see him for a few minutes." Rhodes said the words begrudgingly, not giving another glance in Steve's direction as he smiled at the receptionist who, in her recognition of the tension between them, eyes Steve suspiciously and looked at Rhodey with a desperate question in her eyes. "but Colonel Rhodes, the regulations! Mr. Barnes is not in a state-"
As Tony reminisced quite peacefully inside his mind about wild years of a sixteen years old and a twenty-two years old youngling geniuses conquering MIT with their combined mischievous brilliance, the pain was rapidly becoming worse by the second. Tony wanted to wake up and beg a nurse to give him some of those amazing drugs Bruce had used before to numb the feeling of being run over by a truck in a prolonged and unending sequence.
"Okay, I'll come back later." Steve smiled again when Sam clapped an affirming hand on his shoulder and gave him the trademarked 'Encouragement look', assuring him in whatever step or decision he wanted to take.
Tony did not suffer quietly. "I appreciate… your unwavering belief…" his breath caught in his throat, a chain of coughs cut his words and through his chest like a butcher's knife. "In my genius." How long did it take him to say that short sentence? He heard Steve shushing him, felt his hand stroking his aching back. "Really, Steve…" using that name… it felt so personal. Who calls their rapist and kidnapper by their first name? who lets themselves be held against their bodies and cuddled by their would-be murderers? Tony's throat was too dry to swallow, and he breathed shallowly while trying to get more words out. Steve's fingers caressed his thigh while pulling him closer into leaning against him, humming to himself a song Tony could not bring himself to recognize right away.
It was time, he decided, to do something for himself. Steve had waited, he waited until it was almost too late and now he didn't even know if what he wanted before was what he would get now. He needed to make sure that if he chose to pursue this – if he was to make Tony his paramour or even just a fuck-buddy of some sort, Tony would still be the same as the one he lusted after.
He knew he had done something to deserve it, so Tony didn't struggle even as air was leaving him, even as Steve smiled at him and told him he was being 'good' and freed one of his hands to swipe a curl of hair away from his face, urged him to relax and let go, still not letting off the crushing pressure. Not even as he kissed him, not even as he invaded his body, ruining it over
Bruce sighed deeply, not answering for a while as he looked back at all of his teammates. "It's a delicate situation, Clint… I can't say his behavior is completely unreasonable." He sat down and held his head between his hands, his shoulders shook slightly, almost unnoticeable to anyone with human-level observation skill, but to a group of super spies and super-humans, it was all too obvious how discouraged and tired the man was.
He allowed himself a moment to be proud of Tony for designing the house to be this strong, knowing any other place would not have survived against the Hulk's rage or Thor's might. Tony had done it for him, merely as a favor or a grand gesture of comradery. Would he have done it if he didn't love him?
He bit his lip, maybe having Pepper over would be a good thing, maybe she could help make some sense of the dreams and-
After Bruce left, a couple of nurses came into the room to care for him, they talked with each other cheerfully, and asked Tony some questions – both medical and ones pertaining to his Iron Man or Tony Stark persona, positively delighted when he answered fully and to the point, fulfilling fantasies with short anecdotes about his adventures as an Avenger and funny stories about other celebrities he'd met, most of it was half-truths combined with small white lies to make them more exciting.
He couldn't make much of anything, to be honest. He froze under the studious eyes examining him, unblinking and barely moving, alien in every possible standard and strangely mesmerizing-
"Tony, the goatee will grow back." He tried to sooth, attributing Tony's sudden change of behavior to his unexplainable attachment to his old look. "Put down the knife, and I'll give you a mirror so that you can see yourself... you look handsome – You should see." Without replying, Tony pressed the knife to his neck – not near any critical blood vessels yet, thankfully – but enough to draw blood. He looked scared - an expression so much more vivid and genuine now that the beard was gone.
At that point, he cut her off. "Ms. … Ms. Song?" He read the name tag on her lapel quietly, then repeated her name a bit louder when her babbling had not ceased. She looked at him with a raised brow and crossed her arms. "I promise I will get Steve to leave the room for enough time, so your nurses can do what needs to be done, but for that, I need to go into the room, if that is okay with you?" He tried to stay civil, but couldn't help but feel like a bit of unintended frostiness invaded his tone. The head-nurse definitely noticed that, and she grumbled loudly enough for him to hear her complain about 'damn Doctors always think they know best' and 'he doesn't want to see
Rhodey was secretly messaging back and forth with Sam while Tony was engaged in conversation about boxing with Happy, he was trying to get the man to stop being shy and come in, only to get the 'I don't want to intrude' rhetoric once again.
Steve lost his patience with Tony's lack of answer and let go, straightening his back as his eyes thinned, catching Tony's gaze like a spider does a fly. Then a chuckle left his lips – despite the lack of change in his features.
As he stepped out of the room, walking slowly and glancing back at the pair – Bruce with his hand resting on Tony's back as he buried his head between the folds of Bruce's coat – Steve felt a familiar pang of jealousy, the same he felt when he heard Howard and Peggy talk about 'Fondue' back in the day, the suggestion of which made him clench his jaw and retreat despite his desire to do anything but. The same feeling every time he saw Bucky with a dame on each arm, requiring his attention. Different from what he felt when he looked at men putting on the uniform, a different kind of jealousy.
"I watched 'Flubber' the other day and drunkenly designed my own Weebo." Tony shrugged at Rhodey's raised eyebrow. "it's more of a toy than anything useful, takes pictures, tells the time. Makes pop-culture references once I get Jarvis installed on it, I think it could be the next big thing for cat videos after the Roomba."
Logically, he knew Jarvis was updated on news feeds all the time, the A.I. knew his Sir was in the hospital, if not the details of what happened to him. JARVIS was never too squeamish about hacking into the most secure systems in the world as a pastime. And even less so when it considered his master's safety. Rhodey still recalled the havoc the A.I. created in the USAF computer systems during Afghanistan, it was terrifying.
It was a bizarre turn of events that led to his first meeting with Tony Stark, and by the time they finally met Sam was already engrossed with Steve, a part of
As his tongue invaded the gap of Tony's mouth Steve moved his hands softly down his sides, feeling cracked, broken ribs under torn skin and flesh, smelling the burnt stink about it as his fingers pressed down on what should have been a soft and plump ass but turned out to be stiff now. It was disappointing, contradicting the image he created for himself. Tony was so far gone now… if Steve wanted to make it before he was completely gone he'd have to hurry. He kept on kissing Tony as one of his hand aligned his cock with the little stretched ring of muscle, palming his length until a slow and steady drip of pre-cum started, and as far as Steve was concerned that was supposed to satisfy the need for lubrication.
- the TV's voice becoming louder to his ears as the hyper-sensitivity that came with the migraines intensified.
All of it, from the burning to the song in his head, it all stopped at once – leaving behind a silence that only the dead could bear, and cold that had him shaking violently, craving the heat from before. He was trapped in this nightmare, all too aware of it being a dream and yet unable to open his eyes to wake up. The notion of waking up felt too terrifying. If he opened his eyes would he see the two pools of the darkest black, nestled in a monstrous face, swirling? Would he be dragged down, breathless under the heavy weight of water?
Rhodes answered that a vacation would be nice, his voice breaking somewhere along the line when he jokingly tried to ask if he could join.
Ross had someone explain to him his new statues, reinstated with the military – which was the term for his immediate release from the custody of the Avengers and for resources to go after Bucky – he was not yet free to go wherever he wanted, there was actually a hearing going on about that, they were working on it.
Steve buried his face in the palm of his hand, pinching the bridge of his nose in a try to soothe his budding headache and the pressure that suddenly encompassed him from all directions. He was tired of this, weary of keeping himself subdued and calm for the sake of anyone else. And most of all for Tony's sake.
She wasn't even sure why she bought the third coffee – Tony couldn't drink it. Again, an action is done out of impulse and without planning. She guessed Steve would appreciate two servings, and the donuts would wait until Tony could eat them – otherwise, the betrayed puppy-eyes would haunt both her and Steve until the end of eternity.
He initiated the kiss, this time. Hoped that Steve would get it without him having to beg for it verbally, without having to repeat the words. 'Please, I need to breath'.
Somehow, he knew that once he went to sleep he would not get up again. Be it because Steve would definitely kill him once he was done with Natasha, or because his body was at the last stages of complete failure, there was no doubt anymore that those were his last moments awake ever again.
But Tony instead placed the razor against his own neck, at an angle and position that threatened to cut him in a dangerous, and perhaps even fatal manner.
Before he felt it towards his closest friends, even when they interacted with each other there was some kind of need on his part – for their attention to be him. Their trust to belong with him, their loyalty…
business keeping them apart. He was at a clear disadvantage, and his still-forming strategy was suffering for it.
She handed him the small metal ball that he himself assembled just days before, lit up with an orange glow once Rhodey touched it. A panel on it opened to reveal a small, grainy screen which played a set of pictures, over and over again.
After getting dressed in soft, not entirely lab-safe clothes, Tony made himself forget his frustration and the uncomfortable feeling of filth all over him by  heading down to his workshop, andletting Dum-E fuss over him. When Tony drank the questionable green goo the bot prepared in the smoothie maker as he worked, it didn’t taste as bad as it usually did, considering its seaweed-y ingredients the bot always somehow managed to find and pour in despite Tony’s attempts at hiding the damn thing.
He was going to say words of encouragement, remind him Tony was still alive, still there. He had that chance now and they would be amazing together – and then Tony lost control.
Rhodes snorted, "Even if you bothered checking, you will twist it any way you can to make Rogers come out in a good light. What was it? He was forced to do it by the aliens, wasn't he? Tony should probably get over it eventually, forgive him for violating him, right? Steve would
He sat on the chair on Tony's bedside and watched as he again called a nurse to take care of his too protective friend.
she got up, ignored Clint's voice when he called her from the couch after finally deciding to get up, and she walked away.
He called over Ms. Song and let her know Tony was available to the nurses now. He asked her to try convincing him he needed sleep and pain relief – and to be gentle, not do anything that Tony vetoed. He didn't want his friend to be needlessly stressed further.
Sam snuck a peak at the man who was walking beside him. Colonel Rhodes was solemn and quiet, his head turned down in worry, despite his several attempts at making regular conversation every few minutes, always ending with a curse that would be scandalizing to hear if the man had his uniform on – which he hadn't, thankfully, because Sam was already nervous enough to accidentally salute Rhodes when they met at the tower the first time. It was one of the more embarrassing moments during the integration into the group's ranks, where Rhodes and Sam were actually on equal footing. He just knew Clint would never let it go. The Colonel had a good sense of humor as well and joined the teasing not an hour later.
He could still hear the reservation in her voice when she acknowledged him and bid him farewell. He knew there was not much he could do to keep her from getting on a plane and, even worse than that, make Rhodey come back from his mission specifically to take a peek into Tony’s life and steer him in the right direction. It was a bittersweet kind of feeling, having friends who cared about him only to disappoint them time after time. He didn’t deserve them.
Without noticing that he did, Tony had been chanting a plead for Steve to go away for some long minutes, not ceasing his body's struggle against air and nothing, only to stop when Bruce's voice managed to break through his confused mumbling and clogged ears. Bruce wasn't in either of his dreams, so maybe this was actually real? Did he finally really wake up? Or… was his mind turning his torture even more elaborate?
"Raise your chin for me, baby…" Steve whispered in his ear and then bent his own head to kiss him again before leaning Tony's body against the wall where he slumped down passively and stepping out, he came back with a canister of shaving soap and a safety razor. At the sight of them, Tony's hands shot to his face.
At that time, Sam did not think of Tony Stark as anything but what he saw on the news or read about on the internet. The man was a true celebrity, appearing in all sections of the news –  economics, with articles and columns discussing the stock market and the effects of SI's new direction on the market, or the appointment of his sweetheart as the CEO of the company. Global Affairs – on the exploits of Iron man, and later War machine, and about the shift of powers happening where they acted. Gossip – with images of the man in expensive designer suits and impeccable style, adoration clear between him and his partner, the same woman whom he appointed as CEO of his company whose intelligence and strong will was evident in all features of her face and the stance of her body, alongside articles describing his lascivious life style of excessive drinking and partying, citing a birthday party gone wrong here and some infidelity accusations there.
He didn't really deserve it, with the way he was talking about Steve and about their relationship before, but Steve wanted him to be comfortable and in as little pain as possible, so before he left the bathroom he snagged a bottle of pain-killers from the medicine cabinet. At the very least – it would help Tony sleep until he came back.
And if they did not, if Tony did break… Rhodey will be there to pick up the pieces, and he will be there to exact revenge on whoever struck the final blow against Tony.
And yet… it found him. Tony swallowed down the sob that threatened to breach through his lips as he stared at the toy. Intrigue momentarily replacing helplessness. It got inside the facility, maybe it was the enabler of Natasha's entrance and current fight with Steve in the next room. How? He recalled it being low-tech, he never had the chance to hook up Jarvis into it in order to really add some of that Stark magic his company – and he himself- prided itself with in its products. It shouldn't have been able to get in at all.
Tony's body, which was until that moment still as a stone, twitched in his arms. Rhodey perked up and stared as Tony's eyelids fluttered, he whispered his name once, stroking his hand down Tony's nape and his shoulder, comforting. "it's ok, all good… save your strength princess." He said with a smile when Tony opened his eyes, his breathing picked up a faster pace. For whatever reason, he became distressed by the sight of Rhodey's face, and he couldn't help but feel a little bit insulted. "It's me, Tones. Couldn't let you die and leave me and Pepper behind to handle all your shit, could I? It's ok, you're safe… it's ok…"
As he turned, heading to request a spare bed to be added to Tony's room for Rhodey to catch some rest while staying close to Tony, Bruce came face to face with a stern looking Steve Rogers in full 'Captain America' attire.
Too bad, the bleeding did not weaken much, and other wounds all over Tony's body demanded just as much attention as Steve was giving the cut on his thigh and it was impossible- he winced when Tony gasped in pain again – his only option was to take advantage of his last opportunity, hope he could make it good enough to make Tony's departure less painful.
Bruce knew how the two of them acted around each other, and he was privy to many hours of Tony ranting on and on about the captain. Clearly, there was something between them – even if they were as oblivious as blind moles about it. He breathed in again and took back his hand away from where it rested on Tony's arm. "How much of what happened did you witness?"
"You always think you know best." Steve hissed. "You don't remember but you say it's bullshit? You were
Eventually, Steve promised he would personally watch Tony. he was military too, he could stay alert through the night and make sure his teammate got his beauty sleep as needed.
Sam never paid much attention to the news, especially gossip. So the picture from the scraps he did get was a self-centered man with a superiority complex who passed his obligations over to other people so he could go play a dangerous game of superhero-ing and made impulse decisions without considering who he hurt in the process.
He didn't like the idea. If Tony had means to work he would do that instead of rest, he would exert himself until he collapsed and in his current condition that could be potentially deadly. However, when Tony looked at him again it was with a grateful gaze, his big eyes brimming with relief and emotion – if he'd never been conditioned by his father to keep all of that feeling inside, Bruce thought Tony would probably break down and cry for hours. Some part of him hoped his friend would be able to break that dam now and just let him comfort him through tears, somehow he thought it would be easier than dealing with the lack of them – sometimes tearing down the dam was necessary.
From there on out, it's been a mess of mixed signals. Sometimes, despite knowing it was true – Steve wondered if Tony Stark and Iron Man were really the same man. Sometimes he found himself wondering if the man he was talking with was actually Tony Stark, or if he was just a stand in. Time after time Iron man would perform feats of heroics on the battle-field no one expected of him after meeting Tony Stark, just to later justify their prejudice by playing it up in order to gain praise from his teammates under guise of worrying about the future.
He didn't so much as turn to face Steve as he knocked down the doors effortlessly and entered the workshop, though his breathing did turn heavier again, and his chest seemed to constrict tightly around his heart and lungs.
In fact, most of the group were already half convinced that this had long ago turned into a hunt after Rogers alone, and that any hope of bringing Tony back
Once again, there was an eerie and uncomfortable silence in the room, interrupted only by the door slammed shut following Rhodes who left it without another word. Nobody moved to follow or stop him.
It was her turn to frown now. Bruce had been reluctant to speak about what happened much like the rest of them but did inform them of what happened with Steve in the room, how Tony asked that he leaves as soon as he woke up. He looked disturbed by that request from Tony but did not elaborate as to why he thought that happened, letting each of them dwell on the information on their own, probably driven by the guilt of exposing them to the true nature of the assault Tony endured without the man's own consent.
Rhodey kept quiet, and once again Tony could imagine just perfectly the tightening of the muscles on his shoulders, the set of his jaw in anger, and the final resignation. "he will be hurt regardless…" he said, this time in his normal voice. "Don't you see? The news, the papers… they all look at the leaked video and call it a freaking sex tape, calling it a romance gone wrong. They are calling for that… monster's release." He paused and breathed in. "What if he does get released, Pepper? What if Natasha is not enough to keep him locked up? I don't… how will I look Tony in the eyes?  How will we protect him?"
At the very least, Tony stark was open to the idea enough to joke about it. That in itself was proof enough for Steve to consider stripping the man naked and savagely fucking him right where they stood after each time they fought. It was enough to fuel his dreams and fantasies and hours of masturbation inspired by them, and it was enough to allow himself to believe that despite their differences and initial – if somewhat lasting- dislike, he fell in love with Tony Stark.
Now he would never get either of his fantasies. Now Steve was looking of whatever remained of Tony Stark and found it wanting. Nothing could salvage it. Nobody could give him back the Tony stark he dreamed about. He missed that opportunity. Even if help could get there fast enough to keep him alive… it would no longer be the same.
Tony cried as he came – not loudly, not screaming with pleasure. Just in small, helpless sobs. He continued murmuring his pleads, forgetting who it was that held him, forgetting who it was who got him to this state – and how dangerous it was to forget that.
Tony jumped a little at the last few words, meeting Bruce's eyes. His expression was, not exactly unreadable… but a turmoil of emotions that could not be distinguished.
Tony yelped, his hands shooting to grasp at Steve's sleeve immediately. At this point, it was becoming even harder to ground himself, he was regretting having muted Jarvis, his voice could probably help with that, at least somewhat… he closed his eyes as Steve's other hands traveled along his waist, slowly sneaking under his shirt.
"I love you, Tony." Steve said as he set the machine on the floor by the bed, hooking it to a new, larger than usual oxygen tank. His eyes never left the contraption, not peaking to survey Tony's expression as he said the words. "I know it doesn't always seem that way – our relationship before was complicated, so we can't just expect everything to go smooth now. We still have to learn to trust each other again, and to be honest with each other."
She didn't expect herself to end up in the hospital with a carton full of donuts in a bag carried by her casted hand, and three cups of coffee in her healthy one, plus an extreme case of nausea from hospital smells; it wasn't the place where she wanted to be, yet her legs just carried her there. She didn't like feeling so out of control, she didn't imagine any of the others felt any better.
Steve kept quiet for a moment. "You did this morning and yesterday. And it's not like you had much privacy with the nurses at the hospital."
“You are the perfect picture of health, sir.” Were Jarvis’ exact words. Tony couldn’t say he felt like it, but it was good to know that it was all in his head, rather than something actually wrong with him.
"Shit, I seriously don't care." Rhodey said, ripping off the bandages on his sprained hand as he motioned for War Machine to open up for him, despite the urging arguments from the rest of the team not to do it. "I am not waiting another moment, you understand? This shithole got weapons? Well so does War-Machine, and I am a better shot than a computer can ever hope to be. No offense intended, Jarvis."
Ross was red in the face with rage, stepping around the empty suits, whom at a gesture from Tony's hand, allowed it. "You! You have attacked a national operative, this is beyond you and your lover's quarrel with the captain, Stark! This is about national security!"
Steve paused, the muscles of his back tightening as he tilted his head, not yet turning to face him. "You do it like this or not at all. When I come back we can fit you with diapers so you don't soil the sheets again." Came the retort, cold and cutting. "This is about building trust, Tony. You have to follow the rules. You know how this place was designed to work."
"Please don't…" Tony murmured under his hitched breath, but it didn't seem like Steve heard him, or maybe he was just ignoring him. He seemed to have developed a condition of selective hearing during the last few days, refusing to hear things that didn't fit into his narrative of what he saw as their budding relationship.
Now Steve had taken it away, his ability to breath and the ability to re-learn how to do it again. If he lived through this – Tony would never breathe on his own again.
He couldn't remember how or when he fell asleep – Bruce had been there, outside his room, trying to convince JARVIS to let him talk to Tony, he apologized over and over and the regret in his voice almost made Tony cave and let him in,  but then he started trying to convince Jarvis that letting him come in was in Tony's best interest, and explained to him what he thought was the true nature of their predicament – It would take time but Tony would eventually have to understand, have to accept that what he thought happened was not in fact true. Bruce wasn't stupid, he knew Tony was listening and watching through the Armor's eyes.
"Shall I prepare one of the Hulk-caves for your arrival, Doctor Banner?" the A.I. asked in a kindly tone, using Tony's name for the safe rooms they designed for the hulk. Bruce clenched his teeth and shook his head.
want us to find Tony, don't you?" he sighed as another one of his queries was shut down by the A.I. before completing its task. His hands clutched tightly into a fist on the surface of the table as he looked directly into what he knew was a camera sensor for the A.I. that had been giving him any sort of trouble imaginable for the last few hours.
Steve didn't think he would have to say this to any one before he said it to Tony, definitely not to Colonel Rhodes of all people. He assumed he would discuss it with Sam or Nat before confessing to Tony about how he felt, but that option was now thrown out of the window.
"No, it's okay. I think I'm going to stay somewhere else for a few days, doesn't seem like I'm welcome at the tower right now. If… if there's new information about Tony you will tell me, right?" Steve hoped Sam would take the request as something normal, a tell of Steve's inclination to help them if they would let him, maybe it would even throw off their suspicion, now that he and Sam talked. If Sam actually gave him information later that would be a nice bonus, a good way to make sure the Avengers stayed away until Tony was ready to go back. When Sam smiled back he hugged his friend, knowing he wouldn't be able to see him for a while and bid him farewell.
It's a rather short one and might be the last for quite some time, so I'm leaving you with a bit of a cliff-hanger. I'm nice like that.
"We think it might have been one of the hostiles, maybe trying to… lower our moral by despoiling our wounded and dead. Especially one of earth's defenders." Bruce seemed wrung out, "I'm sorry. The past night had been… can we move on to the next topic now? Or are we done? I'd like to go check on Nat before she storms out of the infirmary on her own again." Everyone in the room nodded, Sam murmured something to himself about going to the clinic to pick up some pamphlets and asked Steve if he'd like to join, something about the tone of his voice seemed to indicate that he wanted to talk about it.
"Tony doesn't want me to be there." He says, and his frown deepens. "Nat, he can't bear looking at me at all."
"Uh, yeah, so… everyone lost their sense of humor while I was gone, huh." He said, scrunching his eyebrows. "Anyway. Here it is. I am not dead. That is obvious, obviously. However, the announcement made by the Avengers was, while misguided, not false.  I have severed my personal ties to the organization, SI will of course continue to support the operation financially to create a safer future for everyone, to the best of our ability, however, Iron man, War machine, and all such developments under my name will no longer participate in the organization's operations. I may not be dead, but as of…" Tony looked at his wristwatch thoughtfully, "Four months ago, I am retired from the Avengers, for good."
He didn't answer Steve, knowing his words could only serve to make the man even more aggressive. Instead he closed his eyes and breathed deeply in an attempt to relax his body. Maybe- maybe if it was someone else, anyone else, he could rationalize this too. He could make himself believe that he'd wanted this too.
The group remained quiet, the most visibly disturbed by the news was War Machine, who immediately stood up and left the room, the metal boots of his suit clanking loudly in the silence stricken room. The rest sat quietly, their heads turned down. Sam was looking at Steve with worried eyes – out of all of them, he might have been closer to understanding how Steve felt about Tony and was searching his face for a reaction. The stone-faced glare was all he got back.
Tony smiled at him cryptically. "Do you trust me?" When Rhodey just stared at him, his face fell, and instead of Rhodey he looked at some random spot behind him, "Please, honey-bear, do you?"
"Of course, Doctor Banner." The A.I. said and suddenly the entire room lit up, holograms of maps and pictures of the entire area affected by the invasion, another of the building that collapsed on top of Tony, and then another one of the hospital were Tony was for the past days since then. A list of visitors and visiting hours as well as any doctor and nurse to have entered Tony's room and had been cleared to do so while the suits were on guard also floated in front of Bruce's face. In the corner of the room, a miniature re-enactment of the fight outside of Tony's room just before he disappeared was looping mutely. "for your consideration, Doctor Banner."
Just as he was sure Bruce and Tony were not a romantic item, he was also sure Tony would not say anything. Steve saw the look in his eyes when he kissed him a second time – the confusion and fear covering up the obvious intrigue in what was happening – the want and acceptance of how right it was for both of them to be doing this. Tony knew Steve would not hurt him. Tony trusted him. Therefore, Steve knew – Tony won't say a thing because being with Steve was all the man ever really wanted.
"Tony…" the reprimand didn't take long to come, followed by the silence that told of a chance to get back on his own before Steve pulled him in again, when he didn't comply, pretended not to notice – his arm was grabbed, rather than his waist, and with a tug he was dragged to sit between Steve's thick thighs, his head cradled gently by one huge hand that made sure it rested where he could listen to Steve's heart beats.
"Tony?" Bruce rushed to his friend's—patient, bedside at the machines indicative sound of heart rate accelerating and blood pressure climbing. The anesthesia they used during the surgeries to fix the man's tracheal rupture and extract the bits of metal and glass from where these lodged in his flesh was wearing off, and as those procedures took care of the worst injuries, Bruce decided keeping the man essentially comatose for much longer would hinder any further examination of his condition and necessary treatment.
"They will when Tony is up to it, we agreed on that!" Rhodey snaps at the middle of her sentence, and Tony can almost hear the stern look she'd have given him, being the recipient of such a look several times in the past.
Tony moaned something under his breath but nodded curtly as Rhodey handed him a small box which at the press of a button expanded into a full workstation complete with a StarkPad, several tools and some half-finished prototypes Rhodey determined would not require power tools to finish building, he included the one he built himself for laughs just to watch as Tony took it apart without two thoughts about the matter.
As he looked around, Clint found some evidence to the things that transpired in the room. Like a scene of a violent crime, the scents of dried fluids that should not have been coming out of a living body lingered all around, and mixed with them were scents of soap and shaving cream and, the worst one yet – the smell of sex. Clint nearly gagged when he smelt, then saw the old piss and puke stained bundle of linen that was cast off to the side of the room, and the sheets on the bed seemed to be in no better condition – stained with dry blood, some newer than he expected to find, and bits of what could have once been some kind of liquidated food, as if someone drank it straight from the can with no regard to what actually got in their mouth and what ended up on the sheets or the floor, there were smears of the stuff near the pillow and the middle section of the bed, indicating someone had actually lay in this mess for perhaps days or even weeks, and when Clint found a small cabinet filled with clean linen and sheets, the terrifying realization that it was left like this on purpose downed on him like a sack filled with rocks.
After finishing that up, he started walking around the lab to pick up and place back everything he handled roughly hours before, he got the food he ordered the day before and ate while watching Star Wars episode IV, his and Tony's arguable favorite. He finally fell asleep on the sofa near the ending of the movie while replaying in his mind moronic, nerdy arguments about the movie made by his and Tony's younger selves.
The helplessness was eating at him all night, he thought of calling one of the Avengers over because misery loved company, but the thought of any of them walking around in Tony's personal space after being exposed to private information about his state was suddenly repulsive to him. He wasn't even sure what he himself was doing there, and the guilt joined helplessness in consuming him from the inside-out. The breakdown happened and the aftermath produced a small, light emitting gadget Rhodey wasn't sure about the purpose it fulfilled. He was pretty sure it was
Weeell, just a few more chapters until this is done. In the meantime, it seems Steve is getting worse.
Before anyone could answer Clint's inquiry, a bark of laughter caused them all - except Natasha - to startle. Looking around they found Rhodes standing by the elevator door, a duffle bag slung over his shoulder where his uninjured hand could hold and support it. His nose was noticeably broken and he had a long, jagged cut on his brow, and the black eye he sported also wasn't the prettiest image, the look on his face made even Thor flinch a little.
As he continued his ministrations on the limp body under him Tony's voice turned less audible, his gasps less frequent and throatier as well as shallow, Steve took it as a sign of relaxation, not opening his eyes or slowing down his now almost brutal pace, he groaned into the flesh of his partner's throat, nibbling on it as his buildup became nearly unbearable, moaning as he searched for lips to kiss to share his moment of pleasure with Tony.
His breathing accelerated, his heavy eyelids were barely open to meet with Steve's handsome and stern looking blues, when they eventually did his breath caught in his throat in a too familiar fashion. He'd learned to recognize his panic attacks after experiencing a few too many following New York, and his body was reacting involuntarily and against his will, convulsing and thrashing as he barely breathed in what was provided the oxygen mask on his face.
"They are letting him go tomorrow." She said, both of them standing, leaning on his car. Happy went to buy coffee and donuts at a nearby store that Tony used to love, to let them reminisce. Instead they stood, mostly in silence, and looked up at his creation.
If the need to stay able to give his friend proper treatment hadn't reined him in, Bruce would have hulked out and destroyed what was left of Manhattan out of sheer contempt against his own ignorance.
Tony felt like he was going to throw up. He kept still, only removing his eyes from the face of his ex-teammate.
"The medical facilities at the tower are ready for you, Mr. Barton." said Jarvis through their comms, "The quinjet will take you there right now, you as well, Dr. Banner, Mr. Odinson and Mr. Wilson." The AI's voice was as calm as ever, it was hard to tell if it was agitated or even sad about them not finding Tony.
being held in a cave in the far past, head shoved into a tub of freezing water and hands struggling to keep hold of the battery keeping him alive, but in an otherwise very dangerous situation in the present.
He swallowed the small gasp Tony made into his mouth, silencing it and another one Tony attempted right after that, he was drinking down the little moans, tasting the salt of tears on his lips and continued, slow at first – the cum not enough to make the passage into Tony's body easier, it was uncomfortably hot and tight in there for the first few minutes, the body under him stiff with the stress and fear of its last moments.
"That's so cheesy." Tony smiled as he replied, exchanging a reassured glance with his best friend, who smiled softly, with the same glint of sadness and resignation his eyes adopted for the past few months.
"Okay, Brucie." His voice was a just little more than a whisper, really, and his hold on Rhodey's hand slackened. "I'm glad I… I am glad it wasn't for nothing. I thought… I was sure…" he grinned and closed his eyes, his voice was just so
But not really. Rhodey knew. Tony wasn't stupid, wasn't trusting blindly in anyone who crossed his path. He just… didn't care. Being hurt by his own tech was just another Wednesday, getting betrayed by someone he trusted was routine by now. And he still… still did things like this. Still left himself no back doors, no escape routes. He still lay down and let people rip into his exposed, vulnerable heart just to get them to trust him, to validate and be able to forgive him for whatever was his crime in life from their perspective.
At some point, the chanting stopped, and both of Tony's casted hands were positioned close to his chest, grasping and clutching at the shirt he wore and the blanket that covered him.
"Hey, Jarv…," he said, pressing a button on his ear piece, "who has permission to use your override codes currently?" he bit his tongue as he waited for the dreaded answer, his mind rushing through different scenarios of what else could it be, who else could have done this. He listed Tony's adversaries, tried to find one who had not been in jail right now and had the strength to pick apart the metal suits and turn them into a pile of scraps in under 30 minutes.
Rhodey looked at the armor and then at Tony and for a moment a doubtful shudder run up his back. The Armor could well enough become a coffin if they didn't hurry and the Idea suddenly turned terrifying. He sighed. "Okay Tones, it's not going to be a comfortable ride, but it's the best we've got right now." He lifted Tony and put him into the space, finding himself horrified at how small Tony looked inside the suit. Tony made them to fit him, so when they didn't it looked outright grotesque. "Jarvis, find a small hospital, preferably one that can use a new wing or renovation. I'm gonna need to bribe some people and I'd rather make it easier."
It was infuriating enough for Steve to break the kiss – and when he did Tony gasped again, a rasped groan leaving his throat as he attempted to bring in air with little success. Steve closed his eyes, imagined Tony –
you, the manipulative piece of trash did all those things to you and then he says he loves you." Rhodey flexed his un-injured hand, his eyes turned to Tony then, uncertain, and Tony thought he wanted to ask if he maybe loved Rogers back, fear was found in the way his mouth was set, and the crinkles around his eyes and Tony felt something inside him break because he couldn't say for sure that he didn't.
"I'm… fine." He breathed out weakly, looking around him. The workshop was in complete disarray, and Tony found himself wincing over the broken parts of prototypes he would never get to finish building. He put down the metal prosthetic on his desk, and it sat there – a grotesque sculpture that should never have been attached to a living human body at all. "Start running diagnostics, anything that can impact Barnes health needs to be sent to the foundation, you know the drill."
anyone fake a heart attack? Did he get Aspirin or Nitroglycerin when he took the things he needed from the pharmacy? And lastly… what should he do?
Ignoring the general's shouts, Tony watched as the beam's light died out, under it, Steve lay unconscious and unmoving, finally.
do about getting my lame, crushed and decaying limb cut off. My other hand – they saved it, but I can barely use it anymore because it trembles so much all the time, so maybe they should have cut it off too." His words broke up at the end, "This… this is what you did to me. Two months with you and I've been ruined in every aspect imaginable. This… this arm, you'll be happy to know that I think about you every time I have to tinker with it to make it work better, and it's not even the worst thing you have done to me, Steve. Can you even imagine it?"
Tony's face lifted slowly. "That's what she said." He smirked at him, and they both barked in laughter for a moment.
But… when Tony finally managed to open his eyes and blinked to get rid of the heavy dizziness, he became convinced that he was stuck in a nightmare and could not truly wake up.
"You have all heard the rumors." Tony stated. Increasing the volume of his voice to boost his own confidence in the words he was saying. "You heard the announcements, and the speculation. I am here today to set the record straight, and to… well, I'll keep that one until the end." He winked, earning an uncomfortable silence from everyone in the room.
Steve said he was acting spoiled, asking him in disdain if he thought he was too good for can soup. If Tony thought he could talk without spilling the contents of his stomach again or otherwise keep his lungs from exploding due to the exertion, he would've told him of the gruel he was fed in Afghanistan for three months that would have made military rations from the forties look like three Michelin stars worthy dish. He kept quiet and tilted his head away when Steve attempted feeding him another spoonful.
He wasn't even offended when he later found the tracer Sam placed on his jacket, he understood that certain precautions had to be used and that his friend was pressured by the team, by Rhodes, specifically, playing up the blame game and guilting him into committing the betrayal. He didn't hold it against him.
"We can only hope. Steve doesn't deserve to be treated like he is some kind of a sexual predator." Clint said, stretching his arms above his head and closing his eyes, "the whole situation just makes him look like someone kicked a puppy in front of his eyes for a good ninety percent of the day. It's not a nice look."
"I told them to call you but they called some other half-wit instead." He said quietly, turning back to look at Tony's face, "could've been Hydra for all we know, we have too many enemies, Bruce. We can't just let any other person touch him and inject him with who knows what."
Well, I'm nearly done. the last chapter was getting long so I decided to split it and give you a part of it already.
Rhodes was right, they have been making up stories and avoiding the one explanation that made them feel uncomfortable, even if it was possible, even if it seemed probable, they just preferred not to believe it, not to believe Tony. Bruce had been, essentially, Gas-lighting him by rejecting his story and attributing it to dreams and hallucinations. It wasn't out of malice, not with the intent of abuse. She would know, she wielded psychology as a weapon as well as she did any gun or baton. But they have all done it, all participated. They didn't even try to keep Steve away, knowing that he was doing this and just letting him, based on their perception of the man – and the one person who did believe Tony, who did try to keep his abuser away, was now wearing a cast on his arm and exhibited a broken nose.
When he finally gave up, tears of frustration found their way from his eyes. In the end, he stepped out of the bathroom, still covered in salt and sand.
She kept quiet for a moment, perhaps trying to regain her composure. "You chose the worst time to come back from the dead. He will come after you again."
"Nobody else agreed to come over here to give you those… your things from the tower; Some art supplies, and clothes, and… the fucking uniform." He looked disgusted as he said the words, his hands leaving the box as if touching it burned them. "The uniform you don't deserve to wear."
The man seemed to have relaxed a bit, at least his nails no longer bit crescents into his palm anymore. He didn't look at her as he set the suit to sentinel mode, nodded to himself approvingly and left the room. Natasha could hear him demanding the location of the room where Tony's surgeries were performed, she felt bad for the nurse.
Another doctor was there before him and took care of re-stitching the wound and changing the blood-stained bedding, it was good – because Bruce didn't think he could really handle another view of Tony covered in blood like he was when they first brought him in. One of the nurses called him over just before he got the room entrance. The door was closed – and the reason for that, as he learned from the stern, short woman in hospital scrubs, was that captain America was an over-protective
They came for him, they were somewhere inside the cabin, looking for him. Tony barely scrambled to his feet, nearly falling when they tangled in the mess of blankets and sheets on the floor. The oxygen mask torn away from his face as he made his way, leaned against the wall towards where the entrance to the room should have been, if he recalled the design correctly – he had his doubts about the ability his mind possessed for remembering things correctly anymore. It was just… one of the things he had to come to terms with over the last couple of days. Not being a genius anymore, becoming a messy invalid who couldn't keep his bowels in check, forgetting both vital and trivial pieces of information his brain had stored over the years…
Again, silence from Rhodey. It was becoming annoying. "This is the point when you tell me everything is going to be fine and remind me of that time in MIT when I failed one test and thought the world was going to explode, Honey bear." He prompted, turning to look at…
Captain America outfit. It wasn't Tony's design, or Shield's, for that matter. It was dark, desaturated colors and tough material, paired with a re-colored shield. Instead of being inspiring and patriotic, it now seemed nationalistic and menacing. The colors were of an unpleasant palette, designed to cause uneasiness in those who laid eyes on it.
"D-Don't look… so sad…" Tony coughed, once again feeling blood mixing with the saliva in his mouth, he spat it out before attempting more words. "C-capcsicle… it's ok. The p-puppy eyes won't…" His vision swam so he must be close again… soon - it'd be over soon. "T-the C-comms are down, eh? You… you should g-go and find help, I c-can wait here..." Steve didn't have to be there when he was finally gone, he shouldn't be there… it was fine.
Clint coughed awkwardly and turned his eyes to Tony, whose prolonged unconsciousness became a disturbing worry on the front of everybody's mind. Next to his bed Rhodey was snoozing uneasily in an uncomfortable looking chair, his hand resting on the bed-rail and his head nodding on the line between sleep and wakefulness. Bruce told them he stayed awake since they returned from the rescue efforts hours after extracting Tony, and had roamed the infirmary since then trying and succeeding at locating his friend and accompanying him to every test and surgery. He urged them not to interrupt his slumber, so they kept their conversation over disgusting-hospital -lunch hushed down.
Tony's entire body trembled now, his breathing hitched and he gasped for air, his lips parted a little. His fingers tightened around the razor's handle. "I am not... You… are not." he swallowed and blinked his eyes several times in a rapid pace, taking in another broken breath. "I don't want… I didn't
