“I’m in the future?” Howie asked, facing Tony who had him in his arms. He was spoiling him, carrying him like this but…fuck it, Howie deserved to be spoiled a little.
Howie waved goodbye to the team as they walked out but reached out to Steve, wanting him to come along so the blond did. Tony happily passed Howie to Steve because holding him for so long was truly putting his arms to the test.
He career was beyond successful, of course. But his marriage, parenting, social life. They were almost non-existent by the time Howard died. Even though they died together, even though they loved each other, when his parents died, they were in yet another separation.
“What’s this? I’ve never seen anything like this.” Howard said. Tony tried to casually yet quickly take it out his hands before Howard saw the date on it. This was not how he wanted to inform Howard of the present situation.
"Well, that was an awfully nice thing for the stones to do." Tony said, trying to sound sincere instead of sarcastic, even though that's how he felt. "But couldn't they have gotten to it a bit sooner in Howard's life? Howie has obviously experienced some trauma already. Couldn't they have interfered before that."
“Umm…so I’m taking that as a yes?” Tony said. Then immediately wanted to blast himself in the face. Especially when Howie started crying harder.
“He’ll die, won’t he?” Howie asked. “Dog’s don’t live that long so he’ll be dead by then.” Tony sighed, glad that Howard seemed to believe his rouse but…now that he was thinking about it, thinking about the man he grew up with…it did kind of seem like his dad was a little dead inside.
“Howie, we need a little more to work with here.” Tony said. “You don't have to talk about the bad things .”
"Howard, how old are you?" Bruce asked suddenly. It was a random question but Tony figured he had a reason for asking. Howard eyed him warily and looked up at Tony who nodded.
“Hey buddy,” The hell are you doing? Was what Tony almost asked but he took a deep breath and changed his course of words, “Do you mind if I call you Howie?” Tony asked the four year old. Calling him Howard reminded him too much of a hard man he could never please. The boy looked up at him. He always gave Tony his full attention when he addressed him. A habit Howard had lost by the time Tony came around.
“You got hurt?” His dad asked. Tony paused. He wondered how his…other, real? dad would have reacted to Afghanistan. He had never thought about it before.
"I don't know, one minute I was tinkering in my dad's lab and the next I was sucked in the big hole in the air. I want to go back home. I want my mommy!" Howard cried frantically as he lunged himself at Tony, wrapping his arms around his neck. The engineer was caught off by the suddenly action but he did manage to embrace Howard, looking back at Steve for some sort of help. Tony wasn't good with kids and he had been even worse with his father when he had been alive so the combination of the two was bound to end in disaster.
The boys eyes shifted to everyone in the room in fear and he swallowed twice before he quietly whispered,
“Know what, now that I think about it, this is more of a grown up’s toy. Why don’t you…” Tony said as he looked around, trying to figure out what he had in his lab that wouldn’t scare a kid from the twenties. Funny, futuristic Tony Stark had nothing of the kind.
Tony slid off the couch, sitting on the floor beside Howard. “Okay then Howie, what are you up to?” Tony asked.
"And what year is it?" Bruce asked. Then it clicked. Tony had been so caught up in...everything that he hadn't thought about the era differences. That would definitely effect how Howard viewed the world. The boy looked at Bruce as if he had lost his mind but he did answer,
"I see, well this," Bruce started as he raised the cotton swab in the air, "Is a Q-Tip, it's just a stick with cotton at the end. Do you want to hold it?" Bruce asked. Howard still eyed him warily for a moment before he nodded shyly. When Bruce handed him the object, Howard looked at it for a moment.
"The sweet and short: my dad's soul is trapped inside his past self because the infinity stones got nosey." Tony said.
“So Howie and I have an understanding that he can stay here.” Tony said, very seriously. Tony wasn’t planning on sending Howie back unless his displacement would cause the universe to implode upon itself…even then, Tony might just owe humanity an apology.
Okay, maybe he did owe the stones a legitimate thanks. They really had given his dad a second chance.
"Yes, more than likely." Thor said. "I've never seen this happen first-hand but from what I've heard, that is the case."
“It’s fantastic!” Howie yelled gleefully. Tony noted that he would have to teach Howie modern slang very soon. Tony got up and walked over to him.
Tony watched Howard intently as he played. Or rather, his version of playing. They were back now, in Tony’s lab. Howard was so happy right now. And excited. Tony was beginning to think he never had a toy in his life. But during the hour Tony had been watching them, Howard had yet to actually
“You don’t have to. You don’t have to talk about anything you don’t want to.” Tony said. It seemed like the right thing to say because Howie calmed a little. “But if someone’s hurting you, you don’t have to go back home. You can stay here with me and I’ll protect you.” Tony said. Technically Tony didn’t know that. He didn’t know if Howard would have to be sent back or not. He had no idea how interrupting timelines like this would affect…anything.
of pain Howard had anticipated worried Tony even more. And the more he thought about it the more he found his mind slipping more towards what would happen to the universe if Tony just kept his dad here.
Steve’s brow furrowed and he looked down at the small piece of material sticking out of Tony’s blazer pocket. “It’s nice? A bit plain, but very smart. I had thought I put out a blue one for you, though?”
It did, actually, even coming from a man with bells on his shoes. “Thanks,” Tony murmured. He figured he could blame his red cheeks on the cold, if anyone noticed. “I really–”
“Yeah! Da was makin’ hot chocolate and then Papa said we could watch a Christmas movie.” For all he had been a very proper little boy when he’d first moved in with Tony, he’d quickly picked up on Steve’s accent and, whenever he got very excited, his slight Brooklyn twang increased enough for him to sound like Steve’s double. It was a sign of how comfortable the child was and Tony found himself waiting impatiently to hear the drawn-out vowels.
It wasn’t even phrased as a question, but Sarah started to shake her head before Peggy had even gotten halfway through her statement.
“Yeah?” Peggy let go of Sarah and walked around her chair until she was standing in front of her. Resting back against the desk, Peggy met Sarah’s gaze. “Steve did a good job of describing him?”
That could have been what Tony had wanted all along, what he had planned to happen. Steve would ring Tony and tell him that he wanted him. It was Tony’s master plan; it had to be.
The door itself was thick and just far enough away that Tony’s chain forced him to a halt before he was able to get a decent look at it.
“Of course.” Steve set Peter down on the floor and pushed him over to May who took his hand and led him back to the couch. “You okay?”
Oh. Whoops. Steve truly was shit with kids. He felt his blush return with a vengeance and mumbled an apology, fingers tightening on the laminated paper in his lap. How many times could he embarrass himself in front of one man?
Steve didn’t know why he was still staring, but he found he couldn’t look away. The two of them were so alike it was as if Tony had defied science and had a child all on his own. There was something special about seeing them together, about watching those brown eyes that had seduced Steve throughout a phone screen with a look of pure sex so soft and warm.
“Hey! How come he’s allowed the red?” Tony asked, setting the book down on Peter’s tray. “I never get allowed to use the red.”
“Oh, you two non-believers. Come on – let’s go and ask them.” Standing up suddenly, Tony took Peter with him and swung him up onto his hip. The boy’s laughter rang through the air as Tony marched them away, tears mostly forgotten as they were wiped away on Tony’s scarf and lost to peals of laughter. “Come on, Elf! I want you to hear about bird school, too.”
“Tlanta. With the fishes. Like this one.” To punctuate his point, Peter thrust his stuffed fish towards Steve, his chubby fingers tight on its fins. It was a cute thing, really, all bright fluff and sparkling plastic eyes, even if it didn’t help Steve narrow down where Peter was talking about.
He got another soft smack and, obviously sensing a losing battle, Tony shrugged and leant back against his seat, waiting to let Peter wake himself up.
Giving over the control willingly, Tony let his eyes fall closed and sank into the kiss. All too soon, he heard his final alarm go off to remind him to finish getting ready before their car arrived and pulled himself out of the kiss. He felt his lips tingle and knew they would be a bright red that wouldn’t go down quickly. Everyone at the gala would only have to look at him once to know he’d been kissed deeply and thoroughly just before they left the house.
The loud groan that followed him down the corridor more than made up for the small situation he had going on in his pants. He really didn’t think they’d see the end of the gala; he gave it four hours, tops, and didn’t feel the slightest bit guilty.
“I will. I promise you, I will.” There was a beautiful urgency in Steve’s voice, a promise that Tony clung to even as the tendrils of permanent rest started to claw towards him. “But I don’t want to say it like this, not chained to a wall whilst you’re halfway to unconscious.”
Tony flinched at the sharp words from one of the lawyers in the room. Right. He was going to be a Stark again. No Rogers, not anymore. He cleared his throat. “Yes?”
“Hey, hey,” he said, shooting up in bed and desperately fighting the tendrils of sleep that tried to pull him back into unconsciousness. “You’re okay. Hey, Tony. It’s alright.”
“Never shut up about him,” Peggy said softly. “Every time I saw him it was ‘Tony this’ or ‘Tony that’. He doesn’t know?”
Tony had already put a few calls in to get some more decorations and some food delivered to the house, but the tree was the one thing he wanted to get himself.
Steve let out an angry breath, words dying in his mouth. Of course he would – but that wasn’t the point. He didn’t want rationality, he wanted an argument.
“Doesn’t,” Peter repeated, sitting up on his knees as he hung yet another bauble on a branch that already had more decorations than the rest of the tree in its entirety. How it hadn’t snapped under the weight was a Christmas miracle on its own. “She could come, too, please?”
“Yeah,” Tony said, hopping up onto the counter next to where Steve was working. “There’s so much about him that I don’t know. We haven’t had much of a chance to get to know each other, really.”
“Woah. Woah, dude,” Tony said quickly, waving his hand in front of himself as though the stranger would see it, “it’s alright. I’m messing, wow.”
The waiting room was horrible. At least in Tony’s eyes, it was. That was probably only because Tony hated the place. If he wasn’t in the situation that he was, he might have not been so bothered by the crack in the wall and the mismatched blinds.
Steve needn’t have bothered dropping his voice as Tony didn’t make any sign of being disturbed by the noise. Keeping his eyes on Tony, gaze raking over every part of his thrashing body, Steve spoke again. “Can you turn the lights on at 20% and get the stats of the day ready please?”
It was then that Steve lost it. At the sound of hearing his name in Tony’s voice for the first time in months, he crumbled forward as though his strings had been cut.
Tony’s face broke into a grin again and Steve couldn’t help but return it, feeling an awful lot like he’d won something special.
Without Tony there to talk to, Steve had no outlet. His anger only strengthened with each passing hour.
“Hm. His name was Rogers, too, ironically enough.” Tony let out a tiny laugh as he balled up the paper towels in his hand. “Think his mom was a nurse, but I’m pretty sure she lived in Massachusetts, not here. And she didn’t do babies, thank God.”
Instead, there was more silence. It was almost deafening and Steve shifted from foot to foot, wishing he was anywhere but there.
. He was so quick to smile, so keen to share the last muffin or to squidge up on the couch to let Tony in. In fact he was the perfect boyfriend. Exactly what Tony wanted to be.
“She’s a genius,” Tony said automatically, “but no one ever says that. They only ever talk about how hot she is, or what she was wearing, or what they wanted to do to her.”
Most weeks, they just had a simple meal and a catch up. A simple meal and a catch up that was often attended by Steve.
Tony clicked his tongue, swirling the dregs of his mugs around in front of his chest. “I’m pretty sure you have to say that.”
From then on, it had been their annual tradition to add it to the Christmas tree on Christmas Eve – though its little Santa hat had had to have been remade a few times over the years.
“Well,” Tony started casually, stamping down on the fist around his heart and the lump in his throat, “there was the naked dancing on the bar top.”
With another loud groan and a childish kick of his legs, Tony reached for his phone and lifted it to his ear.
“Welcome home,” Steve said before Tony could get a semi-coherent thought from his brain down to his mouth.
“Sarah?” Peggy looked concerned, her brow furrowed and her cherry-red lips downturned. “You okay, love? You didn’t come back out after the exam. Everything go alright?”
“We were together.” One day Tony would listen to the voices in his head that told him to stop talking. “We were a thing for a few months. I don’t know how serious it was for him, but I never did anything with anyone else. He was lovely. He was everything.”
Peter closed his eyes and pressed closer to Tony. It wasn’t okay. Things weren’t magically okay, but with Tony’s arm circling on his back, his chest moving underneath Peter’s cheek with each deep breath, and Steve’s hand warm on his shoulder, it was at least finally easy to breathe.
Call him possessive, but Tony knew what he wanted. And what he wanted was Steve’s mind on him and him alone.
“Tony!” Steve shot up when Tony collapsed onto his side with his face screwed up in pain, hands clutching his stomach just above his left hip. “Hey, hey, baby, I’ve got you. Sit up, come on.”
the man said and Tony almost jolted with the honesty in his voice. It wasn’t hidden behind bravado or cockiness, or played off as a joke.
After a long moment more, he collected himself to head back into the living room. He’d have happily stayed in the peace and solitary of the kitchen, but he knew it would be suspicious. Once he’d gotten to the bottom of the situation with Steve and knew where he stood, then he could hide.
Even when it started to rain some days after the little hand started to move past the number 4 on Tony’s watch and all of Tony’s school-teachers had to lock the doors and go home, it was okay that no one had come to pick Tony up. One of the nice ladies from school was always kind enough to bundle a wet Tony into their car and try and give him a big smile in the rear-view mirror. Tony tried to tell himself that it was okay that his daddy never remembered about him, when his teeth chattered and his wet socks made his toes feel like ice.
Having a busy daddy also meant that sometimes Tony didn’t get picked up from school on time. When his daddy was actually at home and had been told to pick Tony up, he sometimes forgot. It didn’t happen all the time, but there were days when Tony would be left sitting on a bench outside of school, his little legs swinging through the air as all the other kids waved goodbye and headed home, their hands firmly held by their own mummies and daddies.
How was he supposed to fit a six-foot pine tree to the back of a motorcycle, or make a fir that didn’t set off someone’s allergies? All Steve could do to keep himself calm was remind himself time and time again that any of the money he could make on the side whilst the schools were on holiday was money going straight to the VA centre where his best friend had been treated after service.
“I know, love. Come on.” As she got closer to the bed, she stretched out her hands. “Let’s get you back into bed, huh? We’ll lie you down and, oh, Tony.” She stopped short as she saw the mass of blood spreading across Tony’s side. Turning her gaze towards Steve, she furrowed her brow disapprovingly. “I thought I told you no strenuous activity?”
“You’re worth so much more than cheap tin, but it was all I could afford. I was waiting until I could get something more, well, something that wasn’t…
“Morning, trouble. Did you get any sleep at all?” Tony ran a hand over Peter’s hair as an unfairly attractive smile spread over his face.
“I didn’t mean it.” Peter didn’t even realise he’d spoken until the light hum of conversation above him stopped and he felt Steve’s gaze turn to him as well as Tony's still on his face.
Tony kept his eyes on the wall in front of him. There’d been a picture of their wedding day there until about four days ago. He was going to have to redecorate if he wasn’t going to put anything else up; there was a horrible faded mark in the paint.
“Oh, darling,” Tony murmured. Pushing Peter back half a step, Tony dropped into a squat next to Steve and cupped his son’s face. “He’s going to be just fine. The rescue team do this to all little birds who need them. They went to bird school for it, you know.”
“And saved fuck knows how many citizens,” Tony interrupted angrily. “You can’t actually be mad at me for that.”
“Yes, I love you, you damned idiot.” Tony sniffed, eyes focused on the stupid mark on the wall. “I didn’t want you to go. Never.”
“Do you want a coffee?” Tony asked suddenly. His heart was heavy and his head was still pounding. He didn’t want to be there anymore, didn’t want to hear how Steve didn’t remember what Tony would cherish forever. He didn’t want to talk about anything, really. “My head is louder than the damn club and I need caffeine.”
Peter had seen it coming a mile off. Though Tony liked to think he was slick and subtle, Peter knew his dad. He knew his moods, knew his routines, knew the things he loved and the things he despised. He even knew what Tony looked like when he found someone attractive – though God knows Peter wished he didn’t.
Tony jumped into action, reaching into his bag to pull out a book and a set of crayons and unclipping the tray from the seat in front of Peter’s chair. Next to him, Peter started to bounce in his seat.
Tony’s eyebrows hit his hairline. “Could you maybe not mention a fiery wreck in front of my kid? The last thing I need are more nightmares.”
“Oh, God, no.” Tony screwed his face up and shook his head. “I don’t do sugar. This is enough. More than, even. This might actually kill me. Want to place bets?”
“You are.” Peter’s voice was choked and he barely registered moving up onto the bed until Tony’s arm was suddenly around him and Peter’s head was on Tony’s hideously cold chest. “You are, dad, I swear.”
Tony wholeheartedly disagreed. He was by no means a tree connoisseur, but he knew what pretty meant and knew for damn sure it wasn’t the planted thing in front of them. Opening his mouth to say so, Tony looked down into Peter’s wide, pleading eyes and sighed. God, if Peter was cute as a child, then he really would have been unbearably gorgeous as a baby. Tony almost ached with the need to know what he would have been like. That was, of course, impossible, so Tony had to settle for Peter’s hand in his and fulfilling his every wish. He would do just about aything to make up for not being there – however unknowingly it had been.
Tony’s voice was strangled and suddenly there was a mass explosion as Tony shot several repulsor beams at once. “
There wasn’t much else that Tony could think of to say. There were no doubt a hundred things that he needed to say and a thousand more that he needed go hear, but his mind had gone blank. There was only one that he needed to get out and one thing that he wanted in return.
“Then why should you be here?” Steve didn’t reply and Tony furrowed his brow. “Steve, you’re not making any sense.”
Tony startled and his thoughts cut off as he looked up to see a nurse in the doorway of an examination room.
“New York. Our bedroom.” Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s skin and slid his hand up to cup his head. “JARVIS?”
“Alright.” The woman next to Sam suddenly clapped her hands and stood up from her squat, stretching her back. “Let’s get this show on the road and get this darling out.”
“And,” Tony continued, twisting his fingers through the hairs at Steve’s nape, “you should take a better look at my pocket-square.”
“Sorry, Pete, but remember your manners, please,” Tony said with an eyebrow raised in a way that Steve really shouldn’t have found hot.
The soft and easy build of pleasure washed over him slowly, and Tony was keyed right into his responses, meeting--and sometimes anticipating--what he wanted without fail.
“And the other circle?” Tony asks as he moves forward, only to be stopped by Wanda before he can cross into the circle.
Steve obliged Tony’s demand, and was rewarded by him yanking his head down by the dog tags and smashing their lips together in a heated kiss, wild and messy, full of tongue and playful nips at his lips. .
Steve stopped in front of a bakery that proudly announced itself to be 100% organic and vegan. “Why did you pick this area to meet? You could have easily chosen something close to the Tower.”
was lurking somewhere beneath the suits and the armor and the obligations and ten thousand stresses. It utterly transforms him, makes him look younger, sweet, and it is absolutely a look that Steve knows he’ll spend his life chasing. Chasing, and finding only every once in a while.
“Steve has Sharon. And Billie. And a whole slew of other options.” Tony shakes his head, a bitter twist to his lips. “Steve likes women, and even if that weren’t the case, he could do so much better than me. I’m not going to ruin our friendship by pushing for more than I deserve.”
about the whole thing--especially after Steve never got it--that he’d been moody for days after recovering.
leaving his tsum outside in the rented sports car while he and Natalie mixed and mingled with the guests at Obadiah Stane’s private auction.
now, their tongues tangling and Tony exploring every bit of his mouth, but he’s not rushing it. Tony kisses him like he has all the time in the world and a checklist to go through. It’s frustrating, is what it is, but Tony has him pinned and working the buttons of his shirt open to expose more and more of his body.
There was a muffled noise and a curse, and something that might have been an accusation of demonic influence from Tony, but Steve ignored it, enjoying the easy lull and the satisfaction of a good time while they waited for the suit.
Natasha jabbed a finger at him. “That’s an agreement. I’m taking that as tacit permission to get you a life.”
Tony’s breath hitches as the sharp point of Steve’s canines trace over the contours of his stomach, up and up until he’s hovering over his right pectoral, watching the way his nipple reacts to the proximity.
He could feel his pleasure cresting, but Tony was still avoiding his prostate, and the pressure and heat by themselves weren’t enough to push him past the point of no return. Steve finally surrendered, letting himself fall submissively into Tony’s rhythm, completely at his mercy and not quite sure if he was glad of it.
Tony repeated the move with his other nipple, and Steve groaned long and low, his hips jerking convulsively against Tony’s body as liquid heat stirred deep inside him. He was fully hard now, rock hard and aching for relief, and he gasped for air, too turned on to breathe properly. Steve shuddered and cried out as Tony leaned forward and
Steve glared at his tsum and began nonchalantly making his way across the room towards the tiny creature, who perked up and began to eagerly make its way down the manor’s opulent corridor once Steve closed the distance between them.
Thor’s voice is gentle but firm as he edges his way in front of her. “Peace, Man of Iron. No harm is meant toward you or your bonded.”
Tony reaches out across the bond for Steve, but it’s still disturbingly empty. He sends a burst of affection down the proverbial line anyway and continues to follow Wanda.
Steve turned to stare at Natasha as she silently crept towards him from her own--much neater--landing spot a few feet away.
There was “That One Time In June of ‘26 Where I Was Good For Almost The Entire Month,” 3 ½ weeks he’d made it before having one of the worst asthma attacks of his life. Then there was “That One Christmas In December of ‘27 Where I Didn’t Have The Flu,” which was an actual miracle because literally everyone else around him had gotten it and little Sallie Jennings
Tony climbed in after him, moving to straddle his waist, and Steve felt a jolt of interest roll through him as Tony’s erection pressed against him. Oh damn, Tony hadn’t gotten off back in the shower. He was such an inconsiderate ass. All of that time and attention, and he hadn’t even returned the fa--
“Just ignore him, Steve.” Jan pats Steve’s back consolingly. "You look like you crawled out of a Calvin Klein ad, more than anything.”
“He’s got a point.” Natasha reached for one of her pistols. I’ll be sure to take that up with Rumlow as well, Hawkeye.”
“Now—” Steve’s hand trails up his cheek to grab a thick handful of his hair and yank his head down, “put your back into it, Avenger.”
Steve recovered enough of his wits to murmur “Harder, Tony,” and Tony’s grip grew stronger, more relentless, but the pressure wasn’t constant. Instead Tony squeezed his hand up and down his length, working over his erection, sometimes pausing to let Steve pump their hands up and down his hardness in a slick glide but then easing off into a new range of sensations when it threatened to become too much for Steve.
Tony, seemingly overwhelmed by the internal friction, slumped forward, bracing himself against Steve’s pecs as he twitched and shuddered, his breath coming out in strained huffs.
Okay, even if the innuendo hadn’t been blatant, the blown kiss and eyebrow waggle was. Stark had to be drunk or high--no one was this deliberately suggestive during a traffic stop.
Tony grins against his chest and smugly settles back in to sleep before Steve can find the words he needs to explain to Tony why they’re finished.
Tony walks into his foyer, the anathema lightweight and beautiful and burning a hole in his pocket, practically howling to be used, to be plunged into its intended victim’s heart.
Tony startles. How!? He’d surely remember such a thing. He’s losing his mind. He’s imagining things. This is
for a while. They’d been tearing their way through Hydra bases all over the world searching for some sign of Bucky, or Loki’s scepter, or both, and it was always a new experience because Hydra was nothing if not full of nasty surprises. Today’s egregious specialty? Mechanized Body Armor. He, Sam, and Natasha had dropped in on a Hydra bolthole outside Prague, only to discover that some wretched soul had decided to try and outfit Hydra agents with repurposed remnants of Justin Hammer’s knock-off War Machine armors. The things still packed one hell of a wallop, and he had the bruises, burns, and scratches to show for it.
It took Steve a moment to remember where he was and what was happening, but it was Tony who moved first to speak back to Peter.
“Right.” Tony nodded and took his hand away from his stomach, folding them in his lap instead. “Two copies then, please.”
“Hey!” Tony’s eyes were closed even as a soft smile tugged at his lips. “You can’t. Can’t ask me first, I’ve already asked you. I think.”
“Hello, Mr. Fish,” Steve said seriously and reached out to take a fin between his fingertips, shaking it up and down.
“Hm.” Tony untucked the paper towels that had been stuffed under his jeans for protection and started to wipe down his stomach. “That’s my – well. The other dad.”
“Personally,” Tony continued, pointing at the empty takeaway boxes on the coffee table between them, “I just don’t think you wanted to share your pizza with him.”
Finally, the door flew opened and a nurse bustled in. They must have made a sight, with Tony bent at a hideously awkward angle and moaning in pain, Steve twisted around him, and blood on the sheets below them.
The air suddenly felt thick. “Don’t,” Steve started to say, stumbling over himself. “I just did what anyone would do.” Wouldn’t they?
“Excuse me?” Tony pushed one hip out and fixed Steve with an unimpressed glare. “What do you call what I’m doing now?”
Tony pushed his mug away from him, not trusting his shaking hands with a cup of hot coffee. He’d been in a bad mood since his lawyer had called yet another meeting between Steve and Tony and scheduled it for 9am. “Want to take even more from me? My bank account and heart not enough for you?”
With one arm on the mattress to support his weight, Steve reached a hand out to the far side of the bed. When his fingers made contact with Tony’s back, the man gave an almost violent flinch, his body jumping even further away from Steve.
“Well,” Tony said after a pause and, when Steve looked up from the crappy, ill-fitted carpet, he’d taken a step right into Steve’s space. Holding up the ring, Tony tilted his head and his smile spread, “it just so happens that I’m desperate, too.”
“Pleasure,” Tony said sincerely. He fell down onto one of the couches with a sigh, looking up at the Christmas tree that took up half of their living room. It was one of Steve’s, obviously. Though he no longer needed to pick up any extra cash, he still worked at the tree farm during the Christmas season, much to Peter’s delight. (And Tony's. He'd grown rather partial to the elf costume.)
“My Grant was such a wonderful man and a loving father, but he was stationed away for much of my pregnancy.”
Maybe buying a tree on Christmas Eve wasn’t such a good idea. Peter seemed happy enough in his car seat as Tony drove from lot to lot, the little boy singing the parts of the Christmas songs on the radio that he knew and making his new stuffed snowman dance to the bits he didn’t.
“No, Tony,” Peter said with a tiny giggle before he fixed a serious expression on his face and wriggled out of Tony’s arms. “Listen.”
Jokes were never funny if they had to be explained, just like passion was never there if it had to be told about. It was clear that it had been a drunken thing and a drunken thing only. Tony would only look desperate if he tried to convince Steve what they’d done, or look like a liar if he claimed that Steve had promised him a sober fuck.
“Yeah.” Tony’s mouth was dry and his knees weren’t going to support him for very much longer. “Anytime. You know that.”
And he had. Though Tony had only been on her table for a short time, she’d been able to see what a wonderful man he was. Steve had clearly chosen someone perfect for him; kind, funny, caring, and so unbearably in love with him. After the break-up, Steve had closed himself off a little and refused to talk about what had happened between them. Sarah hadn’t been able to prise any details out of Steve, though she had watched for months as his smile dimmed and his shoulders grew steadily more slumped.
And he got told that a lot. It wasn’t rare for his daddy to go for days without seeing him because he was stuck in meetings or out on a business trip in some country Tony couldn’t pronounce. Sometimes it was even weeks, and there was a big time difference that meant Tony would be tucked up in bed and fast asleep before it would be finishing time at his daddy’s work. That’s what Jarvis always said, anyway, and why would Tony not listen to Jarvis?
“Obviously,” Tony agreed with a roll of his eyes, a fond smile tugging at his lips. He turned back to the dried ingredients in front of him as he waved to the other side of the kitchen, eyes drawn to the way his ring caught the light. “You can chop whichever onion hasn’t gone off over there. I think there’s actually a part of the serum that means you won’t cry whilst you chop it.”
“Don’t know if you had a key on you, anyway. You were a bit out of it and I didn’t want to go rifling through your pockets to find out. Easier to bring you back here with me, in the end.”
It wouldn’t be too long before Peter reached an age that he didn’t want any photos taken of him and Tony was already dreading the day. Any snaps he could grab before then were welcomed with open arms.
There was a part of Steve that was desperate to ring back and beg Tony to explain himself, to ask whether it had been serious and the God’s honest truth.
“Right,” Tony said, shaking his head when Steve’s grin spread even larger, “come on, darling. Christmas Eve tradition. May, you got the camera ready?”
Tony noticed the reaction and his lips spread into a wide smirk. Cocking out his hip, Tony leant against the doorframe of Steve’s office and folded his arms across his chest.
But Steve had no guarantee that that was indeed the case. His head was starting to hurt with the number of conflicting thoughts firing in his brain, thousands of tiny voices screaming out over each other to be heard and making him feel dizzy. He swayed a little where he stood, the backs of his legs catching the edge of the couch cushions and making him wobble again.
Steve made an inquisitive noise, shuffling around a little as he too tried to find a comfortable pose. Two or three food-services ago, their captors had seemingly deemed Steve weak enough and had released his arms from above his head, choosing to strap Steve to a medical table instead.
His daddy was often late. It was okay, though, because Tony knew that his daddy had an important job that kept him busy a lot of the time. It wasn’t always fun for Tony, though, even when he was told time and time again that his daddy was very sorry to be missing him again.
“It is a big deal,” Steve protested, trying to catch Tony’s eye. “I should have been there for you. How did it go?”
Of course, Maria knew exactly what the recipe called for – which was a good job when Tony tripped over some of the measurements or skipped down a couple of lines by accident – but she let him play along until he was old enough to help her cook the actual meal itself.
And it was Tony's turn to scream in the inside. Because with the way Howie spoke, he couldn't help but wonder WHY his granddad had made Howie go in the basement with him.
"Hey little guy, are you hungry?" Steve asked as he knelt down to Howard's level. The boy quickly released Tony and turned to Steve, nodding fervently. Tony tried to ignore the sudden jealousy rising in his chest but really, out of all of them here, Steve knew Howard better than anyone. But then again this was Howard as a kid and he was already a million times different than Tony thought he would have been. Maybe this wasn't his dad. Steve grabbed Howard's hand and started leading him out but Bruce stopped them.
“Okay,” Howie said quietly. He leaned up a bit but went still again when his eyes landed in Nat. He just stared at her for a moment before he turned to face Thor.
Tony heard commotion down the hall, getting closer. Took them long enough. He couldn't wait for the team to meet Howie.
It clicked immediately. Howie wasn't looking at Nat at all. Above Nat, a bit further down the hall, was a picture if Tony's mother. The team had decided, some time ago in a SHIELD mandated team building exercise, to put up photos of the people who had the best influences in them along that hallway wall.
“Howie, is anyone touching you at home? Or is anyone hurting you with a part of their body?” Tony asked more bluntly. Howard didn’t say anything for a moment, but then he looked up at Tony, meeting his eyes. Howie’s little eyes were filled with hurt, horror, betrayal. But what sent a chill down Tony’s spine was that Howard was looking at him as if he knew exactly who Tony was. As if he were someone a lot older than the four-year old boy he was just a second ago.
"I'm still hungry." Howard told Steve as he pulled on the blonde's pants leg. Steve nodded and picked him up.
“Yeah, Howie. This is the team.” Tony said quickly, before Howie could have another “kids say the darndest things” moment.
Howie held his squishy closer. “Hi.” He said shyly, waving a little. He gave everyone a critical once over but his eyes kind of settled in Nat, who was furthest in the back, leaning against the wall under some pictures on the walls.
Steve thought it was insane to put a kid in a penthouse, least he fall off somehow. Tony was firmly convinced that Howie was genius enough to NOT kill himself. But if he did somehow tumble, JARVIS would see it and send a suit to save him. The rails around the roof we're AI enabled and would turn red if Howard got to close or was doing something dangerous. Steve reluctantly accepted it but Tony knew this was far from the last of it.
Tony nodded, “Yes, I promise.” Howard nodded and leaned his head on Tony’s shoulder, fully relaxed, and he stopped crying. Tony let out the breath he didn’t even know he was holding, hugging Howard as he stood, holding the kid close to his chest.
Tony hadn't thought about it that closely but…"Yeah, I guess I am." Tony said. "Talk about the student becoming the master…"
"I think that's what's going to be necessary to make me believe this." Tony said as he tried to push the kid away. But his dad seemed stuck on him. That would have been cute had this kid been someone other than his dad. Well, they still won't know that if he's Tony's dad for sure until the test results. Tony looked at Steve, mouthing "HELP ME!" As he once again tried to pry the kid off of him. His dad must have been all of, what? Five, six? There is no way a six year old should be this damn strong. Steve shrugged helplessly until his eyes lit up in a way that meant he had a plan. Tony was glad he had finally snapped out his daze.
“Well I think you’re very good and deserve lots of toys.” Tony said as he started walking out the lab towards his car lot. He knew he probably wasn’t wise to take his dad from the past out into two thousand and twelve but it seemed worth it to see that surprised smile from Howard. Plus, Howard was going to have to find out at sometime. Since Tony was pretty much planning on never sending him back to whatever horror his dad just left.
"It's okay. You're safe with me." Tony whispered to him, hoping, maybe, the words would reach the old man struggling with horrific memories inside of him.
"Howie, when you got sucked into the green light, did it change colors?" Thor asked, following Howie's gaze to Tony's mother as Tony quickly situated Howie securely in his arms again.
“But the mechanic is fairly certain that he won’t have to send the puppy back. Mostly because if it were, the mechanic probably would have disappeared the moment the puppy arrived.” Tony said, just throwing up the first thing that popped up in his mind. “And probably the mechanic’s blonde boyfriend since the puppy had a hand in them meeting.”
But then Thor and all his god of thunder glory strolled in and Howie was beyond transfixed. He just gazed up at the blond in fear and amazement.
Howie had an Iron Man squishy that he refused to put down and a Captain America blanket draped around his shoulders that he never let drop. They hadn't long gotten back to the tower, after going on several shopping trips to prepare for a life with an unexpected child. Tony had no idea why he felt drawn to the blanket. Steve came far after Howard was four.
Tony's not sure how it happened. And there was very little that Tony couldn't understand. You know genius, billionaire, all that jazz.
"Why do you need to put it in my mouth?" Howard asked. Tony pursed his lips; how does one explain DNA testing to a child from the twenties? Apparently Bruce and Steve didn't have an answer to take question either since they just stared at Howard dumbfoundedly and then looked at Tony. Apparently it was his turn again.
Much bickering ensured over who got to spoil Howie the most, who got to teach him what, if he would become the next Iron Man or Falcon or Hawkeye, or Thunderer.
“And how’s the puppy going to feel if the mechanic has to break his promise and send him back home.” Steve chimed in. Though he was looking down at Howie in sympathy. Howard had been his best friend after all. And if Tony could get
"I didn't think I would be either." Tony said, thinking about his parents. His mother was better than his dad had been but…not by a large margin.
“Hey, so, this is my lab. I’m a scientist.” Tony said because the silence was too uncomfortable. It reminded him about the dad he grew up with…Now that he was thinking about it, maybe Howard was just naturally quiet. His dad had never been one to talk to often. There were some many days where he wouldn’t say a word to Tony. Tony always thought it was personal but maybe it was just his dad’s way.
The team looked up at that but Tony waved a dismissive hand, not wanting to startle Howard. He noticed the boy was, surprisingly, easy to startle once he knew what to look for in Howie's body language. A trait that Howard had lost by the time Tony came around…or not…Tony hadn't known what to look for it with his dad so he really didn't know.
“Yeah, but this, the arc reactor, it keeps the shrapnel from getting into my heart. So I won’t die.” Tony said.
Whenever Howie thought his dad or the abuse would come up, he nearly shut down, just to keep from talking about it.
Tony's heart clenched for all sorts of reasons: Tony had grown up thinking his father hadn't given a damn about him and all that time his dad was probably screaming on the inside, not knowing how to tell Tony any different. Hell, he wondered if his dad even knew…much of anything? Past the science, engineering brilliance. The things academics couldn't teach.
It…shit, it worked. Not all at once, but gradually Howie started to relax. As if his sleeping mind was slowly understanding the words.
When the doors of the elevator slid open, Tony walked out and looked at the team, who looked just about as befuddled and lost as he felt.
“Green light?” Thor echoed. Howie nodded and laid his head on Tony's shoulder, burying his face in Tony's neck. In the day Tony has known (reknown? relearned? rediscovered?) Howie, he realized a pattern. Howard completely avoided things he didn't want to talk about. Tony's dad had a more blunt and rude way of going about it but the trait was the same.
Steve just looked back at him cluelessly. Tony had never seen that lost look on Steve's face before. The captain always had a plan but apparently this was beyond him too.
“Dad sells fruit usually. But he fixes things for people too sometimes. And people pay him, I think.” Howie explained, his eyes drifting to Nat again. “I was playing with some of things he uses to fix things.”
“It’s nothing kiddo, just…you know what, I really what to see what you can do with that robot you were building.” Tony said. Howie nodded, climbing out his arms but he grabbed Tony’s hand, pulling him over to where his project was. Steve and Bruce followed them, very bewildered.
And Steve and Bruce chose that exact moment to walk into the lab, telling Tony Reed Richards might have found a way to send the kid back to his own timeline. Howard’s eyes shot up at him in total shock and betrayal.
So Howie…he'll occasionally remember all the pain he suffered in another lifetime? And all the ways his life was fucked up because of it?
“What if you leave me too?” Howard said, still crying on Tony’s shoulder. Tony sighed, he knew he shouldn’t say this, especially since the kid has already been burnt once and Tony could easily get killed in his line of work but…
"That's what I've been told." Fury said simply. "If you don't believe he's your...family, then a DNA test can be done." Tony nodded slowly, glad that Fury chose his words carefully. If this kid really did pop out of a time warp, he probably didn't need to know that right now his son was thirty plus years his senior.
“So kiddo…protecting people is my job. I keep people safe…” God, how was he supposed to ask this? Tony kept trying to think about how he’s seen it done on TV. Howie didn’t seem to even notice him anymore though. He was very enthralled with the gauntlet. “So…if someone is hurting you, Howie, I can protect you. All you have to do is tell me.” Tony said, hoping for the best. But Howie didn’t react. Almost as if he hadn’t heard Tony. He was going to repeat himself then Howie’s brow furrowed and he mumbled something. Tony didn’t catch what he said, didn’t even know if Howie was even talking to him.
“It’s too early to see too much,” Nurse Rogers teased, a smile in her voice as Tony was pulled back to reality. “Just a bit of a blob.”
“I’d like that.” Peter sniffed a little and let out a muffled curse. “Well. I’m done with these. Can I help you make the bread?”
“Steve,” Tony gasped out, one hand darting to curl into Steve’s thick jacket. “Steve, don’t leave me. I’m sorry, ouch,
“It is,” Tony mused, biting down on a yawn. He’d been up for a few days writing code for hours until his eyes blurred and his fingers hurt, which was the reason that he’d had to leave Natasha alone at the bar and sign himself up to receive at least one phone call. As tired as he was, there was still something intriguing about the call and he found himself not willing to hang up. “You must have been eager.”
By the time the credits rolled, Steve’s eyelids were drooping and his head was nodding. Though the movie reviews had made the film seem entertaining enough for Steve to have chosen it, his actual plan had been to nap for most of it. That hadn’t happened, though, as the vast majority of Steve’s attention had been taken by Tony and he’d found he couldn’t look away. Every few minutes he’d let his eyes sweep over to Tony, working away beside him with his eyes glued to his tablet.
“Mm.” Steve lifted an arm and let Tony burrow in close to his embrace. “Pretty sure that’s what drew you in.”
“They’re just going to take him somewhere where there are other birds like him. They might reunite him with his family, or maybe he’ll meet some really nice friends. But he has to go with them, because that’s the best place for him to be.”
The logic and the explanation were a little flawed, but Steve thought he understood. Part of him wanted to pry, wanted to learn everything he could about Tony. Though it had only been a few hours since they’d met, Steve couldn’t get the man off his mind.
“But I’m thirsty.” Then came the puppy dog eyes, the bottom lip pushed out in a deep pout. “And you should have made me one in the first place.”
“My fault, Dee,” Tony muttered, his hand shaking on the bed and leg kicking out suddenly. “I just couldn’t resist him. Could you?”
“As are you,” Steve replied, settling back down and closing his eyes. “You should have made me a drink.”
Tony met Steve’s smile. “We have the battle often, on a plane or at home. I’d say I win around 50 per cent of the time.”
“Please stop worrying,” Steve whispered. “Replace the bit you shoved in my face and pop it in the oven. It’s going to be fine.”
“A – yes,” Tony said with another sigh and a wondering thought of how on earth his life had changed so much so quickly. “I’ll go get an elf.”
It took all of three seconds for Tony to crumple, rolling his eyes dramatically as he held out his mug. Steve took it happily, pushing himself up just enough to drink without choking.
Tony’s smirk softened to a smile. He took one more step until they were sharing the same breath, lips almost touching and bodies pressed close from chest to toe.
But Steve knew that Tony would be mortified if he was in fact black out drunk and hadn’t meant to do any of it. If he’d known that he had rung Steve and spilt all of his secrets to an answering machine, then Tony would have hated himself.
“Um. I don’t –” Steve leant up and peered over the seat, only to find both chairs on both of Peter’s sides empty.
In his defence, Tony had expected to be alone for Christmas. Well, alone with a bottle or two of something and the extremely-precariously-leaning tower of paperwork that Pepper had left for him.
With a nod, Tony took it. “Looks like those football skills stuck with you, Cap. Thanks.” He offered a quick salute with the toy before he hefted Peter up a little higher and stuck the paw of the toy in his mouth. From between gritted teeth, he spoke, voice light. “Safe travels, Cap.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. He might have to replenish the supply after Christmas, but he didn’t really care with Peter looking at him like he’d hung the moon. “I reckon we’ll be here a while and it’s the least I can do for you being such a kind little boy.”
Tony smiled at the look on Steve’s face. Everyone knew how much Steve hated dressing up and having to put on suits to battle with ties and cuff links. If Tony had had the chance, their first date would have been at some family-run diner where the dress code was jeans and sneakers, maybe a blazer if they were feeling slightly adventurous. They’d have their own meals and then Steve would still be hungry but Tony wouldn’t, so Steve would order a dessert that he’d let Tony pick at when he pouted because it looked so good and he should have ordered one.
Steve woke to the bed moving and low, panicked-sounding grumbles coming from the other side of it. Blinking awake and straining to hear what was going on, it didn’t take long for Steve to associate the noises with his partner.
At some point, Peter had shuffled into Tony’s lap completely, the little boy lost again to a heavy sleep. With his hands clutching Philip to his chest and his head buried in Tony’s sweater, he was the picture of innocence. Tony was holding him to his body easily and Steve felt his stomach swoop, mouth suddenly dry.
Tony softened his smile when Steve looked back at him, flushed red from head to toe, and gave a small shrug, obviously mindful of the boy sleeping on his chest.
“Except you were never at home,” Steve said, voice soft but not exactly gentle. “I’d sit up and wait for you only to find a message from whatever assistant you had that week telling me that you’d booked another meeting and I wouldn’t be seeing you until the next day. It felt like a message of its own, in the end.”
“It was,” Tony agreed quickly. He kissed the tip of his index finger and placed it on the top of the mitten-covered hand Peter held up for him to inspect. “Let’s grab us a little one, yeah? A nice one – one that doesn’t poke our fingers and is just big enough for my star to fit on the top.”
“Course not,” Tony said back, voice hoarse but plastering a smile on his face all the same. His head was pounding and each movement made him want to vomit. “Would I ever do that to you? You’d never get a sensible answer.”
“Come on, Tony. Please. I won’t be able to concentrate,” Steve said, voice definitely a whine. Tony thought for a moment that his game was over; there were, after all, limits to Steve allowing the power dynamic to switch. When Steve spoke again, Tony relaxed. “This is a big deal for me tonight. I’m meant to close a deal and get charity funding.”
“Think my kid’s found a tree,” Tony said, straightening up a little and face brightening into something more friendly than flirty. “Need you to chop it down if you don’t mind, Buddy.”
“Absolutely not,” was out of Tony’s mouth before he could stop himself. He could just picture the stupid thing leaving needles everywhere and who knew what was living in it. Trees had bugs, didn’t they? Aphids or something; Tony could remember his mother screaming about them before Christmas had been cancelled in their house.
Tony couldn’t sleep without some sort of noise in the background and, though Steve despised having anything other than silence in the room, he had gotten far too used to falling asleep with the television on or a radio station talking at him. Although, Steve reminded himself bitterly, it wasn’t as if Tony needed it to be playing as he slept away peacefully, his face not twitching in his sleep for once. There was nothing stopping Steve from grabbing the remote and turning off the annoying-cheerful people laughing on his screen.
There would have been more teasing. It probably would have spilled over to the group chat as well, and then Bucky and Sam would have joined in when they’d put two and two together. Clint would send the photos that he’d taken of the two of them kissing, as dark and as grainy as they would be. Of course they’d have been stupidly unclear, but Tony would have chosen a favourite and made it his background, just to see Steve grin bashfully.
“You know you’re not going to like it,” Tony said, taking a sip when Steve continued to gesture. Tony made his coffee as black as he could get away with, whilst Steve could barely tolerate white coffee on a good day. His drink of choice was a tea with more milk in it than a shake. So much milk that it was hardly even tea, in fact, and that it became more like drinking a sugary glass of milk. Tony had long since stopped making it out of protest. It was disgusting.
“Peter? Hey, it’s okay. We called the right people,” Steve said softly. “They’re going to take him–”
“Doesn’t,” Tony corrected absentmindedly, more focused on how Peter’s blue eyes looked so much brighter with his new pyjamas on. The tiny dogs in winter hats and scarves had practically screamed out to Tony as soon as he’d seen them and he was glad he’d tucked them away in Peter’s room for an overnight stay as they were perfect for a Christmas evening.
“You left me, Steve. You did the one thing you promised me that you never would. You walked out and I had nothing.”
“–so that’s why Ned isn’t allowed into the theatre practice room anymore,” Peter said in-between bites of a pecan and chocolate chip cookie. “So we can’t go in to see Madison when she’s in there. We have to meet in the math rooms.”
“The bar?” Tony swallowed and looked away, hating the memories that flooded his brain and started to make his cock twitch with interest. There was nothing he wanted to do more than launch himself across the room and into Steve’s arms, but he could play coy when he felt like there would be something in it for him. And hopefully, there would be something in him very soon. “We’ll have to go back and make sure they’re still in business.”
“Please.” Tony was weak. He was ready to go, but he needed to know that he had Steve until the end. “Please say yes.”
Tony grinned. “Oh, yeah. Him, I mean. All it does is take me back to my youth – makes me feel like I’m on an acid trip.”
“Alright, Sam?” Peter’s legs kicked against Steve’s thighs as he drew up next to his friend and a small group of sanctuary workers. “What’s the situation?”
“One of the worst, I’d say.” The smile that he got for that warmed the toes that Steve had thought had fallen off with frostbite long ago. “Must be a benefit or two, though.”
The bell on his hat jingled again as Steve’s head shot up. He felt genuine offence at that and told Sam as much. In his defence, it had been a shocker of a day. “It’s
“Mm. I leave most of the boring stuff to the board and a few directors, but there’s still lots of fiddly bits that I’m needed for once in a while.”
Tony couldn’t stop his proud smile. Reaching out a hand, Tony looked over the Christmas tree lot. There was at least a fair few trees still planted and ready to be sold. “Did I do good?”
when talking about Tony’s place. “Alright, alright. But it’s a bath as soon as we get home, okay? No arguments. Jammies on before tree decorating.”
Steve lifted his eyes to the ceiling. Blowing out a long breath, he took in the chipped paint right in the corner of the room. They really needed to do something about that. It could be added to the list along with the leaky faucet in the kitchen, the creak on the landing, and the front door that needed to be kicked in just the right place to shut it properly.
“No harm done.” Tony’s smile felt like plastic and his voice sounded nothing like his. He wanted to be sick, quite frankly, and he hated the feeling. “Where are you going?” Not that Tony cared, but even he could be polite when it was called for. Or when he needed a mask to hide behind.
Making a cheap, whining sound somewhere in the back of his throat, Steve wriggled one hand out from beneath the comforter and made a grabbing motion towards Tony’s mug.
To be fair to the guy, Natasha had the sort of personality that drew everyone in and she knew how to make use of her sultry gaze, always making whoever she was talking to feel as though they were the centre of the universe; for better or for worse.
“I wanted to be with you,” Steve continued, not looking away from Tony for a second. “I wanted to be the one taking you out and pulling you out of the lab. I wanted to be the one to kiss you and to buy you roses just to watch you blush and insist that you didn’t need them. I didn’t want Andrew. I don’t want anyone if they’re not you and I’m sorry it took me so long to realise that.”
Eyes widening at Steve’s question, Peter squeezed Steve’s hands again. “Pancakes. Do they have pancakes?”
Steve’s mouth dropped open and Tony’s smirk only grew. He lifted them a little higher, right in front of Steve’s face.
The only thing Tony wanted was his ring. Both, if Steve would give his up. Which, Tony reasoned, he probably would, what with him having initiated the whole divorce thing.
Steve mustered up a matching smile even as he held Tony that little tighter, hand not stopping its soothing circles for a moment. He could feel his own arms start to tremble, but he tried to hold back as much as he could.
“Yes,” Sarah said, a little belatedly as she blinked up at Peggy. She stood up and brushed down her scrubs. “Of course. Sorry.”
Tony had been thrown down to the floor with his hands bound behind his back, a long chain tied from his bonds to a hook on the hard ground. It wasn’t dignified, but it gave him more freedom than Steve had. Not that freedom counted for much where they were.
Gathering herself, Sarah looked to the ceiling. She let go of Peggy’s hand and returned to reality, letting her nurse-persona settle back over her like a familiar coat.
Tony stared in shock, blinking up at Steve completely unable to believe what he was hearing. Not wanting to believe what he was hearing.
Starks didn’t give up. Once they had a plan, they stuck to it. It was, after all, how Tony’s father had made his business and that had been one of the only decent life lessons Tony had ever learnt from his dad. But, even if it was in him to be a quitter, he had told his son that he was getting a tree for Christmas. There was no world in which Tony was going to let Peter down if he could do anything about it.
Tony couldn’t help the humourless laugh that passed his lips. “Ironic,” he muttered and the nurse’s brow furrowed.
Tony settled back down onto the examination table, eyes still on his nurse for a moment before they wandered back to his baby.
“Nope,” Tony said, pulling the comforter over himself again as he got comfortable, Steve’s laughter in his ear. “You’ve lost me.”
“Not exactly,” Steve admitted, blush darkening. “I have a very distant cousin with kids, but I was in the army when they were little. Now, I just take them paintballing and buy the oldest one beer.”
Nurse Rogers laughed too, and Tony didn’t pay enough attention to the sound to hear the strain there.
“Thanks, Rhodes. But there’s a bar in France with a lower drinking age than Massachusetts and it’s crying out to me.”
It was okay, though, because there were people who were more important than Tony. He got told that often enough; like whenever his lower lip started to wobble when his daddy pushed him out of his big office or when his daddy didn’t have time to look at the colourful drawings he’d done at school of them holding hands in front of their big house. (Tony couldn’t find a nice brown for the bricks because one of the other boys had wanted to use it and their picture had been bigger and took longer to complete, but the red was close enough and Tony had just really wanted his daddy to see it and tell him how good it was. It was okay, though, because Jarvis had smiled at it widely enough for Tony to giggle with pride and even take it home to show his Ana.)
Peter’s eyes lit up and a very tiny smile tugged at his lips. “Really?” he asked, tone a little cautious.
Tony laughed, even as his heart clenched. He didn’t think that sounded so bad, really, nor all that different to what Tony and Steve had got him to open the day after. “I am sort of tempted to drop a bit of whiskey in this mug, can’t lie.”
With a fond shake of his head, Tony grabbed his and May’s mugs – after adding a healthy dollop of cream to each of them – and headed into the living room to find May at their mantelpiece. She’d obviously been looking at their photos lined up there, but turned with a bright smile when Tony placed their drinks onto the coffee table.
Tony opened his mouth to brush the question off before Steve’s phone suddenly buzzed on the coffee table, the two of them wincing at the loud vibration that it made.
Steve nosed at Tony’s shoulder, dropping kisses to the bare skin there. The first thing Tony had found on their bedroom floor when he’d woken at the crack of dawn was a workout shirt of Steve’s. Given its size, the material hung off Tony’s frame. It wasn’t practical, but it was cozy.
Tony wasn’t even after a compliment like he would have been in his youth. He genuinely meant it and had told himself the same thing over and over since the first phone-call from an obviously-distraught May. How would he ever live up to the wonderful people he knew Mary and her husband had been? He didn’t think anyone could, really.
“Not this morning.” Steve squeezed Tony a little tighter and started to rub soothing circles on his thigh. “I think I’ll stay here for a little bit longer.”
The medical centre was never dark. There was always a light on somewhere and Steve hated it. There weren’t enough windows for him to be able to work out what time it was naturally and the artificial lights gave him a headache. He hadn’t even thought it was possible for him to have a headache, but that’s where he was.
“God, that’s like drinking motor oil.” Steve grimaced and pushed the mug back towards Tony. “Well, that effectively ruined my morning. I’m up now.”
Sweet pastry wasn’t Tony’s favourite thing to make, so he chose to keep it for really special occasions. The sort of days where he wanted to spoil Steve a little, wanted to make him feel important and loved and all the things that Steve made Tony feel every day.
Tony had stopped listening long ago, almost right at the beginning. He’d made up his mind as soon as Steve had presented him with papers. He would give Steve everything. Tony wasn’t going to fight. Steve could have it all. Without question.
The forced excitement he injected obviously didn’t catch on as Peter dropped his gaze to kick at the light dusting of snow on the floor.
Pausing before he took the cream from Steve, Tony cocked his head. “I’m sorry. Are you trying to say that my cooking isn’t good enough for you?”
At one time, Peter would have resented that, would have gotten mad and indignant about his dad calling him a kid. It was hard to care about being called a child when all Peter wanted to do was crawl into bed with his dad and bury his head into Tony’s chest.
It felt strange to have Steve back in their house, back where it had all started. He looked far too uncomfortable in his own house, but he was there. He was there with the couch where Tony had started to sleep more and more, the fireplace that they’d curled up in front of at the start of their relationship, and the radio that had started to fill the air more than their conversations towards the end.
“Not a hair out of place.” Peter tapped a few keys on his keyboard and focused in on where Captain America was fighting a horde of robots, his shield hacking them to pieces. “Handsome enough for Steve, don’t worry, dad.”
“Not really,” Steve said. He opened one eye and squinted over at Tony. “I remember getting to the bar. I think I remember meeting Clint’s friends from his chem class, and then Natasha ordered shots. I don’t remember much else after that. Did I miss anything important?”
Tony took a deep breath as his phone continued to buzz and flash in his hand. His head was still pounding to a loud and heavy beat, but it was almost drowned out by the pain in his chest.
Leaning forward minutely, Tony’s eyes fell shut and he let out a long breath. When he felt Steve relax, he clicked his tongue. “No.”
His fingers literally itched to pick up the phone. The words that he would say to Tony were already burning on the tip of his tongue, just as they had been for months.
Tony tilted his head as he and Steve watched Peter inching nearer and nearer to the man preparing to cut the tree down. If he knew Peter, Tony would say that he was gearing up to ask a thousand questions. And, he realised with a frown, if that were true then he needed to warn the man with the axe.
“That’s what Steve used to say.” Tony picked at the hem of his t-shirt once it was back down and covering him, hiding that tiny freckle. “But all I can think is what if something does happen? I wouldn’t know – who would think to tell me? And he’d never know about…”
“That’s me.” Steve didn’t sound in the least bit concerned and Tony huffed out another laugh, pressing a kiss to his collarbone.
It felt as though they’d been living separate lives, each heading down paths that took them away from each other instead of them walking side by side.
Without saying anything in response to that, Tony pushed himself from the door frame and headed into the kitchen. He grabbed a glass from the cupboard to fill with water and shook three Advil from the pill bottle – Steve would definitely need three after the night that he had. Apparently, he’d been even worse than they’d thought.
“Off you go,” Sam said with an easy shrug and a soft smile. “We’ll be lucky to see a single customer now, so go home and get warm. I–”
It had only taken a few drunken kisses at a few loud, crowded, and not-actually-that-fun frat parties before Ty had remembered Tony’s name and asked him on a real date. Though it had all been cleverly engineered by Tony and had been all he’d wanted for a couple of months, Tony had still been shocked. He’d played it off, though, dancing his hand up and down Ty’s arm and batting his eyelashes like he knew what he was doing. Pretending to be cocky and experienced was something that Tony was quite good at; running his tongue over his bottom lip and pressing his thighs into Ty’s were moves he’d learnt from watching escorts at his dad’s galas. The tricks had served him well.
“Just checking,” Tony said, shrugging lightly. “It wouldn’t be the first time someone has backed out.”
“Even then,” Steve answered, loving the feeling of Tony’s pulse thrumming beneath his hand. There was still an anger dancing through him, simmering just below the surface and not quite ready to cool down to nothing, but it could be pushed down for a little longer. “That’s an everyday thing with you, unfortunately. And I love it.”
It wasn’t even that Andrew was a bad guy. It was just that he wasn’t Tony and therefore he shouldn’t be touching Steve in any way.
As a child, it had meant that his parents weren’t going to live together anymore, that his dad was going away and he wouldn’t see him much. It meant arguments and screamed accusations, tears and slammed doors. It had been a nightmare.
. That hadn’t been what Tony had wanted to hear. In fact, that had been the very last thing that Tony had ever wanted to be told. Nothing could have prepared him for the shiver that went down his spine at those few words, or the crushing pain that closed around his chest.
“They have to.” Tony’s throat was tight, breaths closer to wheezes than anything else, and he wasn’t sure what he was telling his brain to say was actually what was leaving his lips. If it was his time, then at least he had Steve. “I apparently have plans to attend.”
“On your left, dad,” Peter said into the comms, eyes focused intently on the battle playing out in front of him. Recovering from a leg injury in their last fight, Peter had volunteered to be their eyes and ears from the Tower, hanging back and hacking into CCTV cameras with SHIELD agents.
Peter was also experienced in the mystery that was his father, and he’d learnt from experience that the best thing to do was to let Tony work things through on his own for a bit. Peter decided to do just that and left Tony to stew.
“That’s a shame,” Steve said, winking at Tony. “I was thinking of getting some breakfast when we’ve landed. It’s still breakfast time, right?”
Tony would have taken selfie after selfie as well; one of their top-halves naked and pressed together, one of Steve pressing a kiss to Tony’s cheek, maybe even one of their lips meeting in a soft kiss.
“I don’t have a collection,” Steve said. It wasn’t a bad idea, though, actually. He took photos of everywhere he went and kept small things like his plane tickets, but collecting souvenirs could be interesting. “What do you think I should collect?”
Tony headed back out to the living room where Steve was sitting on the edge of the couch and putting his socks on, looking around gingerly for his shoes. Tony held out the water and pills and Steve took them with a grateful nod, swallowing the painkillers quickly and emptying the glass before sinking back into the couch cushions with closed eyes.
“Good,” Steve said and Tony swallowed again, nails digging further into his palms. “Glad I didn’t miss anything important. And I’m sure someone has photos, right? Someone normally does.”
They had screaming matches sometimes. Arguments where they’d hurl insults at the other and yell until their throats were hoarse. That’s when the swearing would come, when Steve’s control would slip and when Tony knew how to coax out what he wanted. Because that was just what Tony did. He saw when Steve needed a release, saw when Steve needed to scream and yell and cry. They never meant the things they said to each other, never actually intended for the words to be taken to heart.
“And these,” Tony lifted the panties again, chuckling when Steve’s eyes darted back to them, “well, these are just so perfect.”
Whoops. It did, indeed. “Yeah, sorry about that. You sound different to the others, though, if that’s any consolation? There’s a lot less cursing and yelling.”
to not mutter something ridiculous about not ever being able to forget about Rhodey. It wasn’t likely, given that he was the only friend that Tony had ever had.
“How disappointing,” Tony snarked. “I was kind of looking forward to whipping up something five-star. Would really impress my six-year-old who lives on a diet of mac-n-cheese and quesadillas.”
Tony to smile at the awe in Rhodey’s voice. “Yeah, I guess so,” he said, his own voice flatter than it should have been given the topic of discussion.
Laughing loudly as he danced away, Tony made to turn on his heel. Steve was too quick for him and his hand shot out, stopping Tony’s movements by wrapping his fingers around his arm.
“Pete, kid,” Tony said, finally settling into Steve’s stubborn hand on his back and beckoning Peter up onto the bed. “I
“You take care, Tony,” Nurse Rogers said and Tony’s heart thumped in his chest. God, it had been so long since he’d had someone actually seem to care about him, especially someone so wonderfully motherly. “I’ll be thinking about you.”
Tony didn’t lift his eyes from his phone when he heard a key turn in the lock and Rhodey shuffle through.
“It’s okay. It happens. Not the first time I’ve been swiped on, I’m sure, but I must say I’ve never seen it happen right in front of my face before.” He sounded resigned, but ultimately fond. It was a very strange mix and, even if Tony didn’t look overly crushed by the rejection, Steve felt something stir in his chest.
Tony held Steve’s gaze as he settled fully onto the bed, clutching his drink to his chest as though Steve was going to snatch it away at any moment.
“Oh, goodness me. Sorry, darling,” she said quickly, shaking her head as she grabbed a tissue from behind her to wipe away the gel that had gotten onto Tony’s jeans at the movement.
As he’d gotten older and his book had gotten fuller, Tony had carefully moved it from journal to journal, cutting out pages and sticking them back into the next edition with slight amendments or scribbled changes to quantities. It was his pride and joy.
“You don’t remember?” Tony asked, trying not to let any sort of emotion colour his voice and give anything away. There had to be an explanation; it was probably just Steve giving him an out. Or an in.
The chains that were holding Steve’s arms stretched above his head and locked to the wall were hefty with massive links that could clearly withstand even Captain America’s extreme strength. They’d tried them enough times to know that was true. The metal seemed to have some sort of coating on as well, a substance that was cutting into Steve’s wrists and leaving thick, red welts with every sharp movement.
“Bet you don’t get many people in here alone, do you?” Tony asked, his gaze moving from his stomach over to settle on the wall, eyes straining to read the hygiene posters above the sink in the corner.
Tony nodded along as though he’d understood any word Peter had been babbling on about. “Right.” He wasn’t sure what exactly he’d asked to prompt Peter’s longwinded explanation, but he didn’t mind the company.
“‘M fine,” Tony slurred entirely unconvincingly. He knew there was no way that Steve was going to believe him, but he wasn’t going without his answer. “I have to ask. I need, needed to hear you say it before he, they come back and I–”
Tony had been about to tell Steve how he felt as well. He really, really had this time. He had fought with himself for weeks before he’d finally decided that yes, Steve needed to know. It wouldn’t be so bad to take that step and open his heart, to admit what was on the tip of his tongue every time he and Steve hung out.
Peter smiled back at him and bent to rest his head on Steve’s shoulder. “Come on, Tony,” he said and Steve turned to see Tony at his side. “They’re ready to get him out.”
“No, no,” Tony cut in quickly, swallowing harshly and shaking his head. “No, that’s fine. Of course that’s fine. Go out with your boyfriend – I’ve been putting off my work for far too long anyway. God knows I don’t need any more distractions.”
Steve was pretty sure all parents said that. Smiling anyway, Steve settled back into his chair. “Congratulations.”
“Nope, it was all on you.” Steve shook his head before he winced almost violently and threw a hand up to his face. “Okay, don’t move your head,” he muttered to himself lowly, voice deliciously husky. “Bad idea. Bad, bad idea.”
, Steve remembered from the stupid, troublesome app, had looked beautiful in all of his dating profile pictures. There was no denying that. His eyes had sparkled with a mischief that had drawn Steve in even through a screen, his mouth twisted into a cheeky grin in every single photo. The pictures had shown Tony with a number of hairstyles; bleach blonde to close cropped, thick waves to streaks of grey. The first photo had had the hairstyle that Tony was sporting as Steve stared at him in horror; lighter than the others with a definite curl to it as it grew a little longer than the other photos.
Nodding, Steve let go of Philip’s fin and settled back in his seat. “I do. My job means that I have to go to lots of places.”
Right. The last letter. The one that had been sent only days before Tony had left school and had been redirected back to their mansion, arriving at exactly the same time as Tony had. The news that Tony’s parents would be spending the entire month of December in a different country had met Tony on the doorstep of the empty and unwelcoming house.
“No.” Tony swallowed harshly. Of course Steve wanted the beautiful girl. “No, they moved on somewhere else pretty quickly. Tash went with them, but you stayed with us. Said you didn’t trust me to wander off.”
“Yes. That should cover everything in much more detail. And then anything else you want answers to, you can discuss at your next appointment.”
“He’s a firefighter.” Tony wished he could stop talking, but he couldn’t. He hadn’t spoken about Steve for a while and it appeared that it had been building up inside of him. “It’s a dangerous job and it used to make me a bit crazy. Still does. We haven’t spoken for about four weeks, but I can’t stop listening to the scanners. He used to tell me not to do that when we were together, you know? I’d lie in his bed when he went out, or I’d be at home and hear something and I’d text him. Probably a bit too frantically, but I.” Tony coughed and flicked away a stray drop of gel from his jeans. “Didn’t want him hurt.”
The worst father ever. He had actually let those words pass his lips and his dad might never have heard him take them back.
Peter knew how Tony acted when they were alone, when it was just the two of them and they could goof around and tease each other, and he knew how Tony acted when they were in public. The two personas were also very different to how Tony was when he was around someone that he liked, and Peter knew all of the versions up close and personally. Regardless of what the media thought was the truth, Peter knew intimately how diverse they all were.
“Then I’m fine,” Tony said. He wasn’t, not by a long shot, but he would be. He was sure of it. One day. “Thank you again.”
“Alright, Tony. It’s time to come back to me. I’m here, okay? You’re alright. They can’t get you anymore, can’t hurt you.”
Tiny fingers curled over the edges of the stained and battered book, complete concentration etched all over the child’s face. The love Tony felt threatened to beat right out of his chest and he reached out to flick his grandchild’s nose.
A loud moan woke Tony, though he had been drifting in and out of consciousness for a while. That usually happened when he’d been out drinking. He didn’t really do hangovers as such, but he found sleep was hard to come by once the sun was up. Once the afternoon came, though, Tony tended to crash. And crash hard.
Peter’s glare was about as powerful as a newborn kitten’s, but it tugged at Tony’s heart nonetheless. Giving him a smile, Tony reached for the batch of raspberry cookies he had just pulled from the oven and counted out ten.
Tony chuckled, stirring a bit more milk into one of the mugs that didn’t look quite the right shade of brown. “Yeah, that’s true. What’s he doing?”
Downing his coffee and wincing at the protesting thud his head gave, Tony willed his thumbs into typing out one more text before he threw his phone across the room and tried to force his body into sleep.
“Good,” Steve said, his voice shaky. He hated it. Hated hospitals, hated nurses, hated seeing his husband in pain. He didn’t want to be there anymore; he wanted to be at home, in their own bed, with no bandages that needed changing and no visitor hours to adhere to. Why should he be told how much time he could spend with the man he loved? Whether Tony was awake or not, Steve had wanted to be there with him. “That’s how I like it.”
Peter had an apartment just a few blocks away from the Avengers Tower provided by SHIELD, but he still made a point of staying at his dad’s for one night a week. It was just their thing and Peter didn’t want to give it up. Even as an adult, he looked forward to spending that time with his dad and feeling like a little kid again. It had just been the two of them for so many years that there was no way either of them were prepared to go their separate ways. So, one night a week Peter and Tony did something together.
Looking to Tony a little desperately, panic was written all over Steve’s face. All Tony did was give him a smile as he passed Peter over.
“I meant the ring is huge. It’s falling off your hand and – Tony! Take it off!” Steve sat up suddenly and grabbed Tony’s hand, trying to prise open Tony’s suddenly-bent fingers. “Tony, I mean it. Let me – stop moving. Your finger’s gone
Still feeling a little uneasy, Steve watched him go. It was only when man and child had rounded a corner than he realised he was still standing like an idiot. Looking round him quickly, Steve dropped back into his seat and reached for his phone again. When it was unlocked, Caleb’s abs were still right there on the screen in ultra-definition.
abs, by the way. Just – wow. Nice job there. I’m sure there’ll be an army waiting to swipe right on you, plenty of men without babies to care for. Just thought I’d tell you how incredible the abs are. Even if nothing came from it, I’m really glad I got to see those. It more than made up for everything else.”
“I am,” Tony said. His voice was quiet but very sure, legs swinging and kicking into the already-worn cupboards under the counter. “I think he’s ready for me, too.”
“Oh.” Kids were confusing. Peter spoke extremely well for someone who didn’t go to school. “He’s smart.”
for the other man that he hadn’t felt in a very long time without him having to actually go and prove he was pretty close to perfect.
Tony snorted and turned in his seat so that he was facing Steve fully. “Please don’t take my kid paintballing. He’d snap like a twig.”
“Yeah, kid?” Tony frowned through the window to follow signs to yet another lot. He could only hope that it was still open, or that it actually had half-decent trees left to sell. The last place had been so dodgy that Tony hadn’t even unlocked the car doors.
“Well, that’s obviously bullshit,” Tony said, looking up at the ceiling. It made a change, really, that the guy sounded quite unsure of himself. And not at all like the usual shitty men that Natasha seemed to attract, with his questions and his soft tone. “I’ve never heard of a Nat and this number belongs to a family friend who’s been dead for fifteen years.”
“Steve…” Tony’s voice is soft and apprehensive and yearning, and Steve will be damned if he misses this chance.
“Steve, I’m no good for you. I’m an alcoholic control freak with delusions of heroism. You deserve better.”
Tony rams the fork he’d secreted away into his thigh, the tines breaking through his black slacks and through his skin in a dull burst of pain that rapidly sharpens as a fiery prickling radiates from the site of the injury.
It was a very good thought, and Tony found himself burying his hands in Steve’s hair and tilting his head down so that he could kiss him properly, all tongue and wet, molten heat and… and… and Steve had moved his hands down to his ass and Tony couldn’t keep back the throaty groan that worked its way out of his chest as he was rocked against the cop’s almost impossibly large erection.
and he’s heard nothing from Pepper or Rhodey since any of this began. Not even Happy, and Happy gets paranoid if there’s no sort of contact after 12 hours ever since the Reno debacle back in ‘01.
“No, but you know damn well that I don’t like him around you--and for good fucking reason--and the next thing I know, you’re on the other side of the country with him and having dinner together, and he’s in your space and kissing you, and
, but instead here he was, forgotten and alone with nothing to show for it but a few scavenged belongings from his past and a gnawing sense of incompletion, as if he was just getting by until life was ready for him again.
Steve leant over the side of the bed as he cradled Tony’s body carefully in his hands. There was blood seeping through the bandages on Tony’s side; Steve could see that through the hospital gown they’d put Tony in. That was no doubt where the most pain was coming from, though Steve didn’t expect that the dark bruises on his face and the cuts down his arms were adding to Tony’s comfort.
“Baby comes first,” Tony repeated softly, his gaze dropping down to where his nurse’s hand was still dragging the wand around.
“Yeah buddy, it’s 2016.” Tony said. Howard looked over Tony’s shoulder to see out the window wall that overlooked the city, proving they were over a hundred stories above the ground.
The look Steve gave him would have been hilarious if there hadn't been a troubled little boy between them.
Howie narrowed his eyes warily at Bruce who came in first. Sad thing, his distrust of Bruce was only going to get worse. Because guess who gets to give Howard his vaccination shots!
“Yeah, unless you don’t want to. Do you want to go home?” Tony asked because it just dawned on him that Howie had been plucked out if his life. Without a trace. Would someone be looking for him? Was there anyone he was going to miss? Did he have any other family? What about Tony’s grandmother? Who was Ellen? Howard never mentioned any other family to Tony when he was growing up but that would have required talking and his dad didn’t do that so maybe they had a huge family and he just never told Tony.
, right?” Tony said. “But that’s not the best part.” Howie looked up at him eagerly. Tony stepped in front of the suit, causing it to open so he could step inside.
“Our apartment building has a basement and dad makes me go down there with him sometimes. He sent me to go down in the basement and wait for him but when I got there, a green light popped up in the middle of the room. I went to go look at it and it sucked me in. And then I feel out here.” Howie said.
"No, I would never let anyone hurt you." Tony said sincerely. It seemed like that was the right thing to say since Howard calmed a little, laying his head on Tony's shoulder.
Tony took a deep breath. He would have laughed this off and said a few choice words to Fury about this horrid joke but really...this kid looked like he could honestly be mini version of his dad.
“I built this. You can play with it if you want.” Tony said. Then realized his mistake when his dad’s stared at it in confusion.
“Right, well…actually the blonde was more of the girl but you know, apples and oranges.” Tony said, grinning when Steve glared at him.
Tony.” Steve said. “Our thing wasn’t a thing back then. Unless it were a bad thing like…” He gestured towards Howie. Tony oh’d. He had forgotten that.
“See, when I’m in this suit I can protect people from danger.” Tony said. Howie wow’d, looking up at Tony with so much admiration. Tony stood, stepping out the suit, and kneeling back down to Howie. “And the suit gives me powers.” Tony said as he raised his hand, summoning a gauntlet. He lowered to energy projection and aimed at a chair, blasting it though the low power only pushed it back a few feet.
“I like that name. I don’t like Howard. My dad’s name is Howard.” Howie said, very quiet and meekly. Tony’s brow furrowed. He actually didn’t know that. Howard never talked about Tony’s grandfather…or his grandmother for that matter. And Howard seemed to be really fond of her. The few times he mentioned her it was always with a smile. Tony sighed, looking at how Howie’s demeanor went from carefree to constrained and fearful in a matter of second.
"That's…not cool." Steve said. "His past life didn't hold a lot of good memories." He reached over and shook Howie gently. The boy roused just a little, settling for just a bit before going back to his restlessness.
“They just want to ask you a few questions?” Tony said. Howie held his plushy close again but nodded amicably.
“That's Thor.” Tony said, nodding towards him as the blond took a seat. “That's Nat, Clint, Phil, Sam, and Rhodey.Everyone, this is Howie.” Tony said, pointing to each of them as he said their name.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Howie said, his voice muffled from where it was buried in Tony’s neck. The genius sighed. He hadn’t meant to make the kid clam up. He hadn’t meant to hurt him.
“Good, I’m glad that’s settle. Now, I think we’ve got a lot of shopping to do. And we have to Howie-proof the tower. If he’s anything like me, he’ll get into anything.” Tony said, as he picked up Howard. “And we’ve got to find you a bedroom.” Tony told him. Howard beamed, lying his head on Tony’s shoulder, very content.
He didn't know why but he kind of wanted to keep Howie in the dark about his mysterious appearance here.
“That is so amazing. Can I see it?” Howie asked, hopping up and down. Tony nodded, taking off the metal glove and handing it to Howie, who leaned on his chest as he inspected it. Tony took a deep breath, willing himself to get to the point as to why he showed Howie all this.
Howie nodded, and laid his head on Tony's shoulder sleepily. The kid had to be tired. He had appeared in the morning and it was nearing night now. He had noticed Howie starting to yawn and everything.
“I know but…” Tony trailed off, looking down at Howard. He was so happy right now, and relaxed. Tony didn’t want to send him back to hell. “You know, the owner isn’t going to stop. The puppy going to go back to being hurt. And, it’s already affecting the puppy pretty bad right now. What about after another ten or eleven years of abuse?”
"I better swab his cheek real quick." Bruce said as he pulled some Q-Tips out of his back pocket. Tony took a moment to ideally wonder why his science bro walked around with random Q-Tips in the back of his pocket but quickly snapped back to the present when Bruce knelt down to the boy. "Can you open your mouth for me?" Bruce asked, completely innocuous but his dad's little eye widen so filled with fear and he ran back to Tony who resisted the urge to groan, wondering why Howard always ran back to him.
"Sorry." Tony told Bruce because he had this compelling urge to apologize for Howard's behavior though Bruce didn't really seem to care.
Shocking the ever loving shit out of Tony. Because she came WAY down the road in Howard's life. WAY down.
…where was Steve when he needed him? Tony didn’t know how to handle this. But this was Tony’s fault. He opened this can of worms, it was his responsibility to deal with it.
He took the four-year-old down to the lab with him. He sat the kid on the workbench. Tony pulled up a stool and sat in front of him. Howard looked around a little but didn’t say anything. He didn’t talk unless he was asked a question but Tony figured that was because he was fearful. Tony was barely handling this time jump thing so he knew Howard had to be very confused.
“Can I see it?” Howard asked tentatively. Tony nodded and raised his shirt. Howard gasped a little. He leaned forward and kissed it. Tony chuckled. “My mommy kisses my sores.” Tony’s smile faltered. Wondering where Howard’s mother was when whoever it was had hurt his dad. He hoped she hadn’t hurt him too.
“Are you arranging the pieces by likeness?” Tony asked. Howard nodded. “Can I help you?” Howie looked up at him with a smile, nodding fervently. Tony smiled back. “I love building robots.” Tony said.
"Don't let him hurt me!" Howard wailed as he pretty much attached himself to Tony's legs, clutching them with all his might. And now Tony was even more confused, wondering why his dad thought Bruce was going to hurt him. Logically, in the back of his mind he knew why but it wasn't something he ever wanted to believe. He hoped to God no one had hurt his dad like
"I believe you're father has been revived in his boyhood body, probably before a crucial moment that set him on a bad course." Thor explained. "This has happened before. The infinity stones like to occasionally give second chances."
"Um, uh, eh-I-um, eh-it'll be alright." Tony stammered as he rubbed Howard's back. Comforting was not Tony's strong suit. "It'll be alright; well get you back home, alright?" Tony said and Howard nodded, seemingly taking slight peace from hearing that. "And Fury, how did this happen?" Tony asked the director with a grim glare though he didn't say it forcefully. He didn't want to scare the little boy in his arms.
Tony sighed. He wanted to ask Howard about it but he figured being thrown into the future was traumatic enough. Plus he didn’t know how. So Tony just grabbed his StarkPad and handed it to Howard.
"Um, well, see these catch the germs in your mouth so you won't get sick." Tony said, hoping Howard wouldn't think too hard on that. The boy OH'd as if the whole world made sense now. He wiped the inside of his mouth with it and threw it in the garbage. That was good enough; the garbage empty right now and Bruce could just fish it out when Steve took Howard to catch some food.
"But what about rations?" Howard asked and Steve winced a little, obviously having been out of the forties for so long, he forgot about that tidbit.
“No, no, it’s fine. You didn’t break it, you just opened it.” Tony said as he took the two pieces and held it out for Howard to see. “I have one of these in my chest.” Howard’s eyes shot up at him as if he were crazy.
Bruce sighed, looking between Steve and Tony, then his eyes settled on Howie, “Fine, I guess we’ve done worse, like Ultron,” Tony glared at him, “but we might want to talk to Thor too. He would probably know something about…this stuff.” Tony sighed in relief.
“Let me tell you a story,” Tony said as he sat beside Howie on the floor. Steve and Bruce sat in chairs across from them. “See, there was this
“That’s exactly right, he’ll die.” Tony said, looking back up at the two. He didn’t even know why he was making this argument. He wasn’t sending Howie back, his mind was made up on that.
Howard looked around again. His eye caught the blue glow of one of Tony’s arc reactors. He reached towards it but immediately snatched his hand back as if he had done something wrong.
But Tony was both relieved and horrified when the child in Howie seemed to reappear as he wrapped his arms around Tony’s neck, hugging him as tightly as his little arms could—which was actually a lot tighter than Tony expected—and started crying.
Fury had called him; Steve and Bruce were there for support that Tony desperately needed. They were all staring at the boy in astonishment. None of them could really find any words to say, not even Fury, not even Steve, so they let Tony take over for once.
"So maybe, when Howie is a bit older, we tell him what to expect?" Bruce said, apparently he decided that keeping Howie was acceptable to the point of planning ahead.
Howard looked up at him, “Mommy said she’s protect me. She always told me she wouldn’t let anyone hurt me. But she hasn’t come back.” He buried his face in Tony’s neck. “She never came back.” Howard said. It was the uncanny way he said it that had a theory popping up in Tony’s head. But he put that on the back burner to try and decipher what Howie was saying. Did his mother really leave or did she die? Or was there a divorce and she was forced to leave him with whoever was hurting him, presumably his father?
"He's been like this almost since you left." Steve said. Tony sat on the other side of Howie and rubbed his back too…He didn't know how to handle a child having a nightmare, even less his father as a child having a nightmare.
Tony could see it now, looking back with age and experience as his bifocals. Howard had tried as best as he knew how. And he…failed.
Tony sighed, "Howard?" Tony repeated and the boy nodded. "And how did you get here Howard?" The boys eyes widened with fear.
“The green light.” Howie said. Turning his gaze to Nat again. Though she didn't seem to mind. She was probably used to boys starting at her.
So Tony headed back to the communal floor, a million different Howie shaped concerns flooding his mind.
Thor shook his head, "It wouldn't have mattered, really. Souls are infinite and indestructible…mostly. And most importantly, they can't be duplicated. The soul stone put Howard's soul into a copy of his body that it borrowed from the past. He presents at the age of his body because of the information stored in his brain.
He and Tony had been together for a few months. From the start, it had very much been more of a ‘they’d fallen into bed when drunk once and never really defined the relationship’ than a real boyfriend and boyfriend adult relationship. Steve hadn’t known that he had meant anything to Tony outside of the bedroom, though he’d wished in secret. There had been so many nights where Steve had lain awake and watched Tony asleep next to him, carefully memorizing every line on his face and every tiny flutter of his eyelids. The few dates that they’d gone on were crystal clear memories in Steve’s mind and there was even a shameful photo album saved on his phone of pictures of Tony, and Tony alone.
Seeing it on a screen wasn’t enough either. Tony wanted to reach out, to trace the tiny image with his fingers and try and feel what little extra he couldn’t inside of him.
Mama. Though Tony had never gotten to meet either of them them, he’d known even as a child that that was pretty important.
When Peter nodded, Tony stood up, his back hunched to avoid the plane’s low ceiling. “Daddy needs the toilet and then I’ll sort you out with a little breakfast snack. Are you coming?”
Peter grinned up at him, seemingly perfectly content. Honestly, it was quite confusing for Peter to be so happy, Tony thought as he handed Steve his coffee and blew on Peter’s hot chocolate for a moment or two.
“I’m pretty sure I don’t have to butter you up,” May said, “you don’t exactly need a bigger ego. But then again, you did take the terror off my hands, so I am grateful to you. I’ll whisper all sorts of sweet nothings if you keep him.”
Tony would be sent back to boarding school and communication with his parents would only dwindle without Jarvis there to force a weekly phone call. There’d be no care packages, no photographs of Jarvis’s blooming garden. There’d be no freshly-baked lemon squares for when Tony got home and no more hugs that made Tony feel as though he was literally being stitched back together.
The man, Sam, turned and his whole face lit up when he noticed Peter, who had slipped right into his space with interest very clear on his face.
Steve blinked and stared at the answering machine as though that held all of the answers. Since when had it been that Steve was the one who didn’t want Tony? That wasn’t right, that was not the right way around at all. It had been Tony who had walked out so easily, made the decision with no thought for their relationship and the wonderful thing that it could have become.
“Oh,” Sam murmured. He looked a little lost and Steve couldn’t really blame him. He was still reeling from the first time they’d had that conversation. “That’s right. They’ll look after him properly.”
“Mhm.” Tony looked down and pretended that he was concentrating deeply on deciding what band t-shirts he should throw in his duffle. “Dad’s got some big country estate there. They don’t even celebrate Thanksgiving in Europe, but it’s something of a tradition.”
The only difference between Tony’s preferred version of a pasta bake and the classic that Ana had taught him as a child was that his was a bit more adventurous. It served to make things just a little bit more exiting. Everything he did was done with a flair of the dramatics, so it made sense for cooking to follow the same lines.
Luckily, Peter just giggled again and started walking forward with a decisive little nod. “That one was too big. Was kinda scary. And pricked my finger.”
“God, this is good,” May said over her mug with a happy sigh. “I’ve been wanting one of these since the last time I was here.”
Every page had been handwritten, carefully crafted letters spelling out the words of each recipe (and most of them had even been spelt right because Jarvis had helped him).
Tony suddenly felt exposed. Though it was his shirt lying up round his shoulders and his swollen stomach on display, it felt like his whole chest had been cut open. Even knowing there was no way she could, Tony had the strangest feeling that his nurse could see right inside of him.
When Tony was at home and safe, when they were wrapped up in their stupidly thick comforter and drinking out of their embarrassing matching mugs, they could restart the argument. Of course they would – it would never be put to rest – but it could wait.
It was hard to comprehend. Every memory that Tony had seemed to have Jarvis in there, in one way or another. It didn’t seem real that he wouldn’t be in any more for the years to come.
“Roger that, Ms. Widow,” Peter said quickly, zooming a camera in on the street to see where the robots around her were coming from. “You’ve got a visitor to your left and about six, no, seven more coming up behind you.”
“I tried,” Tony said on a moan, turning his head from Steve’s neck to look up at his nurse with a pained and weak smile. “I really – fuck – did.”
No demands had been made to them personally; no requests for bomb designs, no explicit threats, or even promises of release after payment. There’d been no contact and Tony and Steve had nearly driven themselves mad trying to think of what they were being held for.
Steve recoiled as though someone had stabbed him. “Fuck. Don’t say that. Tony, don’t. Please don’t ever think that.”
Steve’s resolve crumbled. He wasn’t good with children, he told himself again and again. “Oh, go on then. Get your book out.”
“Yes.” Sarah sniffed and ran a delicate finger under her eye. “He should have his next appointment with Ange.”
Tossing out the apple cores and scraps he’d collected on the side of his chopping board, Tony settled in to decorate his pie. He preferred the open-top approach, liking to cover his filling with thin slices of apple and a sprinkling of cinnamon and sugar instead of more pastry. Lost in thought, Tony startled when Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and pressed a kiss to his neck.
Steve ducked his head, looking down to where Peter was curled up at his side, tiny legs folded on the seat and his little fingers clutching at Steve’s sleeve. His whole focus was, as Tony had said, on the colourful TV show.
“No, no,” he said, rummaging in the cupboard below the sink. “I know there’s a pack. Sam’s niece comes to annoy him all the time so I got her some to go in a marshmallow gun. Was quite a laugh, actually. She’s a good shot.”
Whatever Steve had been about to say was cut off by Tony shoving a forkful of potato-filled pastry in his mouth.
Not that he had any idea whether or not it was Tuesday. He was pretty sure it had been a Wednesday when they’d been taken. The memories were hard to keep straight in Tony’s tired and confused mind, but he’d though they’d been jumped as they were leaving their coffee shop.
With that in mind, even when it seemed as though the whole of SHIELD had done their best to hide what was happening right under his nose, Peter had proof that he wasn’t an idiot. He knew full well that his dad and Captain America – yes,
Brushing a little bit of sleep from his eyes, Steve settled back on his side of the bed again. He tried to think about things that had happened to them recently, any breaks in routine that might have contributed to Tony’s sudden nightmare. There was nothing that sprung to his mind immediately, but he knew that the subconscious couldn’t always be predicted.
“Oh, Tony.” Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders and pulled him closer, resting his forehead against Tony’s temple. “Shit, you scared me. It’s alright. I’m here, you’re here. Are you okay?”
“Hm.” Steve laughed a little absentmindedly, shaking his head as he kept his eyes on the panties Tony was folding expertly. “Something like that.”
“Oh, Christ,” Tony muttered right before Peter let out a loud sob and turned to bury his face in Tony’s felt coat. He should have known when Peter started saying
When Andrew wrapped his arm around Steve’s shoulders and leant down for a kiss, Tony made his exit. He didn't go in the direction of his bedroom, though, heading down to the lab instead.
Maybe it was the way he seemed to soften so much around Peter, greeting him with warm eyes and a fond smile. Anyone who looked like that at the light of Tony’s life was alright by him.
“And an Aunt May,” Tony finally cut in. He would be forever thankful for the woman who took Peter in before he was found, no matter how much he wished Peter could have gone straight to him. Any owl that had an Aunt May would be set for life, he knew that much. “But if he doesn’t go with them, then they won’t be able to find him a family, will they?”
“God bless that woman,” Steve murmured as he hurried to obey. He never could resist anything sweet, unlike Tony. “Is she ever going to come and live here permanently?”
“You go,” Tony said, not wanting to look up and show Rhodey his watery eyes. He was just being a baby. Ty was going to text him. He’d said so, hadn’t he?
The worst parent ever. That's what he'd said. Peter had actually screamed at Tony that he was the worst parent
Hiding his smile, Tony pointed his teaspoon towards the fridge. “Make yourself useful and grab the cream for these, will you? May brought some of the decent stuff with her.”
After a few months of them literally taking him beneath their wings and introducing him to an entirely new world, Tony had started to trust that they were actually, genuinely his friends and had started to let a bit of his cheekiness show.
Tony nodded, head swimming a little. He knew all of the basics, of course, but the pack in his hands was thicker than he ever thought possible. Rules had never exactly been his forte. It seemed as though there were going to be some pretty big changes in his future; more than he’d ever imagined. And a check list or two, as well.
Frowning, Steve dropped his gaze to the floor and then, when he saw the lift where the carpet didn’t quite fit the shape of the room, wished that he hadn’t. He hated being reminded of all the small parts of their apartment that weren’t quite right.
Steve’s eyes darkened as his other hand released Tony, only to grip Tony’s neck and tilt his head back instead. The power switch was over, but Tony couldn’t find it in himself to mourn the loss of dominance. He had entered the agreement as the submissive sugar-baby, after all, and Steve was never hotter than when he was in total control. It was where he was born to be.
No one was on a dating app unless they weren’t entirely happy. Though it wasn’t something Steve loved to be doing, he could admit that he needed to be on an app if he wanted a partner.
No, no, he couldn’t have been, Steve thought desperately, frantically. Tony was drunk. It was just the drink talking.
Steve laughed lightly, though Tony could feel his worried gaze boring into the side of his head when he looked down for a moment.
Steve was saying something back, but Peter only managed to catch a few words here and there, brain too focused elsewhere and lack of sleep affecting him.
Trying to keep the rest of his body perfectly still, Steve squeezed his fingers a few times, starting a rhythm that he hoped would penetrate Tony’s nightmare. Soon, Tony’s head slowed its manic movements and, just as Steve was about to speak again, he shot up with a desperate cry.
There were sections of his Mama’s recipes, the ones she’d passed down to him from her Mama and even her
They truly were something else, but the moment had passed. With a sigh, Steve locked his phone once more and shoved it into his bag, reaching instead for a book.
It was on the tip of his tongue to make some joking comment about Steve joining him when there was a noise behind him and Andrew walked in. Right. He couldn’t do that anymore.
Tony’s mouth fell open as he took in the sight before him. The entire living room had been taken over, every flat surface covered with a flameless candle or a bunch of beautiful flowers. Tony’s gaze didn’t linger for long enough to work out what they were before he moved on to seek out the mastermind behind the operation.
Peter giggled behind his hand, but gave Steve a contrite look. “I’m sorry, Steve. Want me to teach you about dinos?”
So I know I should wait and save more money – and I will, I swear to you I will; I’ll get the money to buy a new one, a decent one, with real silver and maybe even a jewel, but,” Steve cut off and stared at Tony, right in those eyes that he loved so much. Once he’d started talking, the words just seemed to flow. “I just couldn’t wait, back then. It was after work one day when the heating had packed in and the rent was due and yet you were still there at home, just waiting for me. I had to buy something for you. I was desperate.”
“They just wouldn’t be right,” Tony said on a deep sigh, a slight pout to his lips but a sparkle in his eyes. “I wouldn’t want my outfit to be anything less than perfect for you tonight, baby.”
Tony had had a Christmas tree before. When he was ten. And it had been bought by a decorator who’d been hired for a
“Same. Heading home from a work trip.” When Steve looked down at Peter with a frown, Tony grinned. “I’m the boss. Comes with the territory.”
“Shush, Daddy,” Peter said, tapping at the book still in Steve’s hand. “Steve’s reading and he’s real good at the voices.”
Vegetable soup was easy. Most soups were easy, really. Tony could make most of them with one hand. Chopping the vegetables was sometimes a little tricky with his arm in a sling, but he could stir the vat of broth easily.
Steve hated that he was always so quick to blush and that it then took so long to fade again. “It’s not meant for you.”
“Yes, you scrub up well,” Steve continued, eyes raking over Tony from head to toe. “You look amazing, sweetheart. I told you that suit would look incredible.”
“Don’t.” Tony shook his head once. His vision was suddenly blurry and he blinked in quick succession, trying to fix his eyes on a small weed springing up between two paving stones.
Peter’s eyes went wide and he scrambled for his phone, paling when he realised that he was, in fact, late. Tony couldn’t hide his amusement and snorted loudly, earning himself a dirty look from Peter and an unamused eyebrow raise from Natasha.
Steve shrugged, apparently unbothered by the flaw in his logic. “It’s close enough. We haven’t been to bed yet.”
Peter sniffed loudly, but no tears fell for which Steve was grateful. For all he was good with kids, he hated seeing them cry and Tony had hung back to talk to another member of the bird rescue team.
Tony’s eyebrows rose right to his hairline. “Waiting? Waiting for what? If we wait any longer, hell will quite literally freeze over.”
But there, at one o’clock in the morning, was a man who had transformed Tony’s living room into the most romantic thing Tony had ever seen, all because he hadn’t wanted some stupid day to slip past without a celebration.
Tony knew what she was talking about. He knew the same look, had seen it in the mirror every morning for the past few weeks. Probably even longer than that, if he was being honest with himself. It was a sad sort of cross between resignation and sorrow. He’d brought it all on himself, but he still couldn’t keep the pain away.
They felt silent again as Tony let his eyes rake over every single cell of his baby’s form. He wanted to memorise everything, so that he would be able to work out all of the changes he could spot at the next scan.
Peter sighed. He worked on carefully dicing his whole pepper before he spoke again. “Bad. I can’t go home. No one can see these injuries. They’re already questioning me and this will push them over the edge of kicking me out.”
And if definitely wasn’t a problem for Tony to dig out the recipe books that had been sent to him after their cook had passed away and flick through them to find an old Italian favourite that would take him a good couple of hours to perfect.
“Wow.” Rhodey huffed a breath of air and Tony watched out of the corner of his eye as he flopped back onto his bed and grinned up at the ceiling. “I wish I could vacation in France every year. You’re gonna have such a great time. Don’t forget about me, will you? I want at least one picture a day.”
“Oh, Pete.” There was a kiss dropped to Peter’s hair and another hand curled over his shoulder. “I’m still here, kid. Both of us. Me and Steve, okay? Still here. Always here.”
The flight wasn’t that long. They’d already made it through at least half of the journey by sleeping.
The smile Peter gave him was brilliant, full of childlike wonder and innocence. “You been on planes before?”
It hadn’t been, actually. It had been full of rich douches that had spent the whole night trying to win Tony over with brags about their bank balances or their new products, young side pieces hanging off their arms and trying to lure Tony in with simpering gazes. He’d spent the whole night wishing that Steve would suddenly appear to whisper inappropriate jokes into his ear, his eyes flicking over to the door every few minutes in the hopes that his best friend would walk in with a drink in each hand and a twinkle in his eye.
“They’ll come for us.” Tony didn’t know if that was true. Didn’t know if he’d even be awake if they did ever make it to them, but he wanted to go out with something close to hope in his heart. “The team. Get us out.”
“Yeah,” Peter said, head nodding. “The little ones. Of places. That’s what Pep has in her office. Daddy always buys her one.”
When Peter fell quiet and went back to playing with his stuffed toy, Tony gritted his teeth in determination. It was still early in the day. There was plenty of time to get a tree.
“That is so not the point, Steven,” Tony snapped back. Really, Steve hadn’t needed to ask. Ever since they’d first gotten together, Tony had had something of a penchant for Steve’s clothes, even ones as boring as socks. “Answer my question.”
“Ready!” Peter chirped, stretching out his hand for Tony to hand over the small decoration he’d plucked from the mantelpiece.
“I didn’t either,” Steve said into the room and Tony felt his eyes on the side of his head. “I only want you. And you to want me.”
“Got it right here.” Holding her cell up, May smiled at Tony as though she knew what he was thinking. “Ready?”
Steve frowned up at Tony. Of course he did. “I need to know what happens if we go down in a fiery wreck.”
It would have been easy to lie, to pin the blame on Steve and laugh the whole thing off. But a lie wouldn’t put Steve’s ring back on his finger. “We took on new clients and I had to focus on keeping the transitions running smoothly. I was stressed with that and your promotion made you tired. The whole adoption–”
“Hey, buttercup.” Tony didn’t turn to see the woman at his side, though he sagged into the arm that was wrapped around his waist. “Thanks for coming.”
“You idiot,” he said, ducking his head to press a lingering kiss to Tony’s ring – the cheap, shoddy ring that had been so cut-rate that there hadn’t even been a box for it. “I’m not changing my mind.”
Ana Jarvis had a section as well, one with special Hungarian recipes that Tony had needed a lot of help to spell. He’d shown Ana one day, down in the kitchens. He’d pointed out all the best bits that he’d coloured in the colours of Hungary’s flag and Ana had started crying. Tony had been horrified and started tearing up himself before she promised him that he was a lovely little boy and she was crying because she was so very proud of him. Even as an adult, Tony remembered that he’d gotten a huge hug that night before bed and an extra special plate of lemon squares brought up to his room – made just for him!
There was a string of spluttered expletives before Tony’s face suddenly appeared on the main screen in front on Peter.
Tony sniffed and looked over to the wall again, re-reading the poster of child CPR. He was only a few months pregnant and he could feel the changes in his emotions and his willingness to share already. It was going to be a long road ahead. Tony wasn’t sure he was ready for that side of things.
Falling back onto his mattress, Tony grinned. “Nat’s the asshole tonight, Casanova. I think we’ve been set up.”
His self-deprecating laugh fell short when Tony frowned. “I think lead architect is impressive. It made me swipe right.”
Tony thanked her when they were printed off and with him, but he couldn’t take his eyes from the photo in his hands. Of course he’d known he was pregnant, but actually seeing the proof in his hands was something else entirely. There was something growing inside of him.
Smiling at Peter’s excitement, Steve lifted a shoulder. “Well, it’s a lovely colour. How about you use my favourite and I use yours?”
Tony bit his lip, pressing the lock button of his cell again. Just in case the screen hadn’t lit up with the text. It did that sometimes if the lighting wasn’t quite right, because it was very sensitive. That was all.
“A special treat,” he said, urging Peter off the breakfast bar and herding him in Natasha’s direction. Setting the cookies on a plate at his side, Tony winked at the kid. “For when you’re finished. You’ll need to get your sugar levels back up.”
Peter startled and let out a loud laugh when Tony cursed loudly at the sound of a new voice cutting in over the comms. “Yeah, Steve? You like that?”
There was a long moment of silence before Sarah pressed her lips together, knuckles going white as she held Peggy closer. “He’d be such a wonderful dad,” Sarah said quietly. “Can’t you just imagine him, Pegs?”
May laughed, tucking her legs up under her when she collapsed on the couch as well. The bells on her socks jingled with the movement and Tony shook his head fondly. “God, I don’t miss those days. Getting far too old for all that. You don’t sound too sorry about that, either.”
There was another moment of silence before Tony let his shoulders fall, turning his head to bury himself in Steve’s neck. “I will be. Are you going for a run?”
“Of course she could. The more the merrier,” Tony said automatically before he cleared his throat and knelt to the floor. “You really want to come again? Here?”
Tony was even more sure that he had been right about the tampered-with air, as he’d apparently slept through the entire exchange.
Tony loved making his own bread. When he was a child, their cook would only let him in the kitchen if he promised to be calm and quiet and she’d quickly realised that one way to keep him like that was to prop him in front of an oven to stare at the bread as it rose.
Steve had spent a week at Tony’s bedside watching nurses and doctors change tubes and fill out charts. He’d learnt more about the human body’s inside workings than he had as a child in and out of hospital and even growing up with a nurse for a mother. Steve had spent hours begging Tony to wake up and come back to him. He’d cried for days on end, had prayed to any God he had ever heard of for his husband just to open his eyes.
and Tony was still feeling the aches. Was that normal? How was he supposed to know? Surely it wasn’t meant to feel like that every time.
“Oh, no – I…” Tony was cut off by something very close to a squeal and Peter was suddenly at his leg, pressed close.
. They ate together most days when Tony wasn’t stuck in the lab and they shared movie nights at least once a week. It was coffee breaks spent together and weekend walks through the park. Tony loved every single second that he got to spend with Steve. He loved Steve.
There was a freckle right in the middle of Tony’s belly. He focused in on it, wondering if it was going to stretch with his bump. “Still don’t. Now, I keep wondering if they’d put something out if something were to happen. Would I ever know?”
he mouthed, hoping that that went someway to summing up everything Steve had done for him in such a short period.
Steve laughed and Steve’s Peter’s hand back. “Yeah. I’m pretty sure the place I’m thinking of does pancakes.”
“Shit,” Steve said after he picked it up and thumbed the screen. “Bucky’s up and wondering why I never went home. I’d better go and show him that I’m still alive.” He took a step forward before he stopped and closed his eyes. He swayed back and forth on the spot for a moment. “Or maybe I should take another second… nope, okay. I’m good.”
“Yeah, you look freezing,” Sam said, an ever-present grin on his face despite being bundled up like a snowman with a shining nose poking out above his scarf. “Go inside and warm up for a bit. I can manage out here – this is the quietest afternoon we’ve had all season.”
“Of course I was,” Steve answered immediately. Who would promise a child a treat and then never deliver? Even with his lack of experience around children, he knew that was wrong.
“I’m home now,” he said instead. It didn’t seem like much, but it was all he had left. It had to work. Because it was true. “If you want me to be.”
“I – yes.” Tony really needed to learn how to be strong, but it was Christmas, he reasoned with himself. “Course you can, babe. Lift your mug, then, and ask Steve nicely.”
“So,” Tony started, biting the bullet and reaching out. He finally looked over at Steve, knowing in his heart exactly what he wanted. “Are you going to tell those lawyers to fuck off because you’re coming home, or should I?”
“I’m–,” Steve stopped as he looked at Tony and took in the emotions in his eyes. He looked scared, face a little guarded. Sighing, Steve reached out for Tony’s hand and shuffled over a bit on the lumpy mattress, causing the bed to squeak again.
“Right.” Clapping his hands, Steve tore his gaze away from Tony to look to where Peter had found Sam near the tree inhabited by a stray owl. He watched as Sam cuddled him into his side, obviously realising the same thing as Steve. “Come on; I could do with a hand. You can still see the lot from the staff kitchen, so don’t worry.”
“Oh, for the love of…” Taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly onto his ice-cold hands cupped in front of his face, Steve turned pleading eyes in Sam’s direction. “Don’t tell me that’s a customer.”
The laugh that left Tony hurt his chest. It was bitter, self-deprecating. Not even slightly real. “Do you mean that, or are you just saying it because you think it’s what I want to hear?”
Christmas Party and thrown away an hour after the last guest had left. Walking through the tree lot, Tony found himself quickly overwhelmed.
Looking to Peter, Tony’s gaze settled on the tree that he was pointing at. It was… a tree. That was the only way that Tony could describe it. It was nothing more than three times the height of Peter and probably only about his width. Though it had a lot of branches, it wasn’t very lush as most of them were quite straggly. Actually, that maybe wasn’t such a bad thing as Tony didn’t actually know how many baubles he’d ordered in his blind panic to get something,
And yeah, okay, it wasn’t like he’d actually meant it, but he’d still said it. His dad had still heard those words and thought he’d meant it.
“What shall we bake for your first try? I’m pretty sure there’s a good recipe for mini cupcakes in there, somewhere, and I need an assistant chef.”
“Statues. Figurines. We’re working on our pronunciation, but it’s a long process when you don’t have all your teeth.”
Tony swallowed and did his best to ignore the way his heart sank to his toes. Instead, he rolled his eyes and made his voice as disinterested as he could. “Yes, I’m aware. Which is why you should be with Andy.”
“Right,” Tony said slowly, looking back to Peter. “Do all Christmas trees whistle, or should we pick another one?”
The voice actually sounded it, the man almost tripping over his words in haste to apologise. Tony hadn’t had a call like it before and he found himself oddly curious.
Tony snorted. His heart started to beat wildly in his chest and he could feel a flush already rising. Even with bed hair, bags under his eyes, and a pillow crease down his cheek, Steve was still the most beautiful man Tony had ever seen. “Yeah. You look like it.”
Tony huffed out a humourless laugh. If things had been reversed, if he’d woken up in a different world, then he would have loved those texts. He’d have turned over to smother his laughs into Steve’s chest, typing out a cheeky and suggestive message just to see Steve’s cheeks flush a bright red as he would try and wrestle the phone away.
“I thought you’d left me already,” Steve said finally. “It’s not an excuse, and I know that, but I – that’s it. I thought you were gone and didn’t want to tell me. I’d lost you and I didn’t know why. I gave you an out.”
“Tony,” Steve reached out and caught Tony’s hand, taking the fork from him before twisting their fingers together, “this pie is perfect. You’ve been making it since you were a child. You’ve perfected it so much you could make it in your sleep.”
In fact, it was actually a good gig. It paid well, the hours were favourable, and he worked with some great people. Helped along by Steve liking both Christmas and children, it was pretty much his perfect role.
“So, just a normal night then? We lost Clint somewhere along the way and Sam ended up with a dick on his face.”
“No,” Tony said. That was all he was going to share, he told himself. He didn’t know this woman and she didn’t know him. There was no need to say anything more. “He doesn’t know. That I’m here, I mean. Or that there’s a reason for me to be here in the first place.”
“Outside.” Steve pulled out the chair on the other side of the table to Tony. “I asked them to give us a moment. I wanted to talk.”
It wasn’t until he walked into his living room that he stopped short and his brain seemed to wake up a little.
All in an argument that Peter couldn't remember. It can't have been important, can't have been real. It would have been childish anger, a spur of the moment insult in a stupid, meaningless fight.
“And that’s my boy,” Sarah said, “my love. That’s what’s he needs. Tony’ll see that Steve is right for him and their,” her voice broke and Peggy squeezed her hand tightly, “for their baby.”
“I said I was going to be working late.” The words leaving his mouth felt distant, sounded quiet. All of Tony’s focus was on the fact that his apartment had been turned into a scene from a cheesy rom-com. And that it wasn’t even as an apology. “We agreed we’d meet tomorrow.”
The huff that Tony gave was really more for show than anything else as Steve poked out his tongue at him. (The eye roll that that earned was much more genuine.)
“What I said.” Peter felt like a child again, like a terrified kid who was convinced that there was a monster under his bed. Only now, the monster was real and it had put his dad in hospital. “I didn’t mean it, dad. I swear.”
No matter how many times he repeated it, it seemed as though it wasn’t quite sinking in. It didn’t seem real, didn’t feel like Tony was allowed it.
To be fair to the men that had kidnapped them, they had obviously done their homework. The grab had been smooth and none of them had seen it coming in the slightest. Steve and Tony had been knocked out almost immediately and Tony’s eyes hadn’t been uncovered again until they’d been thrown into their dark cell. There was no telling where they were or how long the journey had been, and their captors kept their faces covered with thick, black masks.
Peter shrugged, movement a little restricted by his puffy winter coat. “I guess not,” he said eventually. He was such a serious little thing, all proper sentences and furrowed eyebrows as he looked around the huge living room. It somehow looked even bigger when Tony thought about how bare it was. “May’s got one. And Mommy and Dad did, too.”
. Steve jumped half a mile in the air and turned away from the window to see Peter peeking through the seats.
Tony wanted to cry. He wanted to drop to his knees on front of Rhodey and bury his head in his lap, just like he used to do with Jarvis when he was little. Rhodey was the big brother that Tony had always wanted, had always longed for. He was someone that actually listened to Tony and remembered the things he said. There was nothing that Tony wanted more in the world than to go home with Rhodey and finally meet the Mama he spoke so highly of.
Gone was any chance of getting the man’s – Tim’s, Tony’s? – number. Well, the sheer humiliation and the fact that the man had a child were both factors.
“They’re going to take him away!” Peter shook his head and pressed even closer to Tony. “He’s gonna have to go away and be all on his own.”
It was a shame really; Tony had always rated their coffee as some of the best in their neighbourhood.
“I mean it,” Steve said, tone harsh and hands curled into fists at his sides. “You’re a complete asshole.”
“Aw, he’ll loosen up. It’s lots of changes for him to deal – ha!” Straightening up, Steve brandished a bag of marshmallows. “
After a moment he felt Tony’s eyes leave him and, looking discreetly through his lashes, he saw Tony settle down into his own seat. It was the one by the window in the row directly in front of Steve’s. Brilliant.
“But I didn’t, did I?” Steve said instead, words spat out. “It wasn’t me that threw himself in front of a fucking bomb and–”
“That’s me,” Tony replied happily, laughing with Steve and tilting his head to one side when Steve bit at his neck in retaliation. “Now, get off me, you brute. Let me stick this back in to brown.”
Steve hadn’t even noticed the little boy until then, but when he dropped his gaze for some reason, the boy was suddenly all he could see. There was a soft toy stuffed in his armpit, his arms lying limp by his sides. He only had one shoe on, tiny toes in a tiny sock that was such a bright colour. There was no need for kids to be so
Rhodey laughed and stood up. “Well then, kid. I’d better get going and I know nothing else I can say will ever rival that. Have the best time.”
Steve laughed affectionately. “I wouldn’t class warming up leftovers and ordering pizza as cooking, sweetheart.”
It was nothing, really. It was a blob roughly the size of a jelly bean. The picture wasn’t even clear. It was black and white and so ridiculously grainy that Tony couldn’t see clearly.
Tony hopped off the examination table, wobbling a little as he straightened out, and clutched the pack of leaflets to his chest. He felt quite queasy and was definitely going to seek out a café for something decidedly – and disappointingly, disgustingly, sickeningly – non-caffeine infused.
Relaxing, Tony shoved his hands into his pockets. “Yeah,” he belatedly said to Steve’s statement. “He just lost his parents. Well, his biological mom and step-dad, but they were his parents. I’m his biological dad, but I only found out about him after the accident. I’m a pretty poor replacement.”
Forget the calm. Tony threw his cup away, drops of tea splashing back onto his hand and adding to his bad mood, and stormed towards the door. Forget the debrief with his lawyer and forget going back into that stupid fucking room and having to look at Steve’s damn hand without a ring on it for one more minute.
Tony wasn’t so hot first thing in a morning so he just grunted some sort of greeting back at Steve’s cheerful grin.
The smell of yeast and the uncooked dough turned Tony’s stomach as he’d gotten older, but there was nothing better than the scent the bread produced when it started to bake. Fresh rosemary only added to that, or maybe even a few cloves of garlic mixed in with the dough.
Nurse Rogers laughed lightly and Tony couldn’t be mad. “No, darling. Just couldn’t help but see the look on your face.”
“As soon as he smells those pancakes, he’ll be wide awake,” Tony said with a grin. It faltered a little and he cocked his head. “If you were serious, that is.”
“We did.” Steve made no move to step closer to Tony, even as he dropped his bouquet down a little and held out his hand. “But I decided that I didn’t want to wait that long. Besides, tomorrow isn’t our anniversary.”
Who would twirl Tony round in the kitchen whilst waiting for the kettle to boil? Who would drag him away from work and force him to eat and sleep?
There was a loud yelp and Tony jolted when Steve pinched his thigh, nearly spilling his coffee all over himself and the bedding.
Steve gasped dramatically when Peter suddenly shot up in Tony’s lap and reached out for him. “You are?”
“Our seats are right next to each other,” Tony said, expertly transferring the boy to the cramped row of chairs in front of Steve without waking him. Peter, Steve remembered. “Almost like fate.”
Tony startled so hard that he nearly fell off his chair. He looked up and swallowed. Though his heart was threatening to beat out of his chest, Tony did his best to keep it from his face. It didn’t matter, of course, because if there was one person in the world that could read Tony, it was Steve.
“You’re in New York, Sir. It’s 5.32 am and it is 61.4 degrees outside. You are in your bedroom with Captain Rogers, and all is well. There is no threat of danger to you or the tower.”
