The empty engulfs the Cas in front of them, and he’s angry at the beatific smile on his face. Cas is gone, and Cas is here, and Dean gasps, the fact that he’s alone hitting him, and he slouches even further on the ground. Head in his hands, he sobs, for minutes,
He just knew, and he knows still, and when he forgets, when it starts being unreal, he has his family. He has Sam, he has Cas, he has Claire, and perhaps,
and Cas just stays there, sobbing with Dean, wanting to reach out but unable to.
“Did you,” snickers, “Did you threaten my mom?”
No, he doesn’t want to be a bitch, but it’s good if he just, y’know,
“He’s family, Cas.”
Cas’ joints ache with the speed he gets up and rushes to the cabin, and he senses Dean not far behind him. Dean overtakes him, and Cas sees him take a shot at the figure,
Dean knows it’s to get a rise outta him, he
He tells Cas. Tells Cas how when he saw Mom sitting alone in the kitchen at dawn the first thought he had was that he wanted to leave. Fear. And then she caught him, and then she smiled at him, and then she asked him if he’d like a coffee, and Dean thought, hell, it’s gonna be okay.
“Why did
“Cas- of
Dirty, bloody water drips down Dean’s chest, as he holds the coat closer, bunches it together. Cas looks at his own attire, a dark blue jacket over a flannel and a t-shirt, then back at the dirty trench coat clutched in Dean’s hands. “You
When Dean shrugs, Cas shakes his head and lowers his voice. “Okay, okay.
“Please, I’m
Dean chuckles. “Yeah, dude.
Don’t count
Cas. as much as he can fit, but for now, a promise will do. At most, a kiss, perhaps.
The face he gets is, well, adorable. “No, but I
go and check up on them?”
The waitress places their plates just as the door to the diner swings and Claire enters, Dean two steps behind her.  Mary feels a stone weighing in her stomach, wanting to apologize to Dean, but for what? And
“Flying home?” he asks.
“Do you forgive me?”
“Alright.” Now-alive Cas promises. Cas chuckles. “But I'm... confused. I know she stabbed me, but I'm – well, I don't appear to be dead.”
Cas is blunt. Mary definitely likes him.
He feels like he might faint, but then Sam’s holding him up. Dean almost runs over to them, eyes alert and holding out his arms.
Dean clenches his eyes shut. “Fuck.
” pointedly, “Dean’s gonna tell us his wish.”
he’s the most beautiful person,
have...sometimes. Sometimes I think I
“Okay, so. Let’s go over it again”, Sam continues, “You find Rowena, tell her the deal, show her this seal, and she’ll do her thing. Then you find one of
“I do Cas. It wasn’t even your fault. I was just,” Dean huffs. “being a douche.”
seconds and Jack’s had enough. He fists his hand in Dee’s shirt and pulls, and with his other palm pushes Papa away. Dee chuckles and plants a  kiss on Jack’s face instead, making it a raspberry at the last moment. Jack bubbles with giggles.
Mary chuckles. “Look at us. The non-favorite parents.”
He thinks about the possibility if Jack wasn’t born the way he did. If he was born a baby, if Lucifer never came,
Cas’ face doesn’t change. “They?”
“Can we go get the tomato seeds today, then?”
“So,” Dean continues. “Mom’s with them. And it’s- new to Claire. And, to mom. It could be- they’re already on their fight not flight mode, and well-”
Dean throws his head forward, on Cas’ shoulder and laughs. One day, Cas will get better at dirty talk. Today is not the day. It doesn’t matter.
“Well then. You’re a He. But it’s messed up, I’ll give you that. Tell you what,” Dean places a hand on his shoulder, “Once we get to the bunker, let’s ask Sam. You’re definitely somewhere on the spectrum. All we gotta do is, heh. Find your spot.” Dean winks at him.
; and Dean takes it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mary and Claire. Is there... a problem?”
Cas stares at him for a moment too long, eyes almost searing Dean, then mutters another “fine!” before untying another bag and putting the shit on the tabletop with resounding thuds, now looking resolutely at the boxes he’s taking out.
Cas simply hums in response.
“It's gonna be okay.” Cas cups his chin. “Dean, look at me.”
“Yes ma’am.” Dean grins. “The things you do for family, am i right?” And true, the things you do for family. Who better than a Winchester to tell you that? Yeah, selling souls at half price and letting a pervy archangel hitch a ride is no big deal. Flying, now
Dean wakes up to no Cas at his side on Tuesdays and Saturdays. Today is a Saturday. It doesn’t throw him off like it did the first couple of times, but it’s still...not nice. A little warmth in the mornings does a man good, okay? And Cas runs hot. It’s not that Dean likes to
Dean wishes for a promise of things to
The thing about falling, and
And. It makes sense, doesn’t it? He’s not like Lucifer, he’s not Satan's spawn, he’s not God,
“Ralph,” Cas says. “I said, I’d love to meet
he corrects himself,
Cas groans, “oh, I’m- does that hurt?”
It is
Cas says nothing.
“Then what is this about?”
“You’re definitely Dean’s favorite parent.”
Cas turns, folding his arms, and now there are wet spots on his chest and under his underarms too,
Dean doesn’t really know what to make of Mary’s return. It’s been a week, yes, but, what Dean wanted was just Mary, not the reasoning that would come with it. Not the explaining, definitely not the unfamiliarity.
And because Dean’s a fucking idiot, he fixes her with a look and says, “Fifty-three.”
He almost knocks, but then he hears Mary laugh. Claire says something, muffled by the motel walls, and Mary laughs again, louder. Like, when Dean would try blowing raspberries on Sam’s tummy and would get spit all over his chin. She laughs like
“It’s not about me, though.” He sighs. “Claire.”
Yeah,
Cas reaches for his other arm, holds his other wrist. “No, Dean. I-”
“Alright. Let’s get some food, then we can crash at a motel for the night. Get some rest.” Dean rubs his hands. “Sound good?”
Dean pecks him lightly on his chin, then on his bottom lip. Cas, ever the enthusiastic, goes to town on his mouth. Just like that. This is really
“Cas, why don’t uh-
Cas is still hazy, dozing off, so Dean repeats. “Ralph?”
gifted them at the wedding. He works on autopilot: his hands finding a spoon, stirring the coffee, placing the mugs on the tray, quietly peeking into Jack’s room on his way to the roof. The fond smile that he doesn’t have to put on.
Cas winces. “Uh. Yes, I -. Yes.” Then, on second thought, adds, “But she’s just like a daughter to me, too.”
Dean pecks another light kiss on Cas’ lips, and walks away.
“Oh, I dunno, sweetheart. Why don’t you ask
daughter?”
Without looking up, Cas asks, quietly, “Do you forgive him?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, you are,” Cas says, with a surety that pangs at her chest. “I know.”
With that he falls on his haunches, lost. Threads his fingers with the body lying limp on the ground, and that’s-
Dean settles beside him. “Cas? Sweetheart? It’s alright. Okay? I’m here.”
Cas on the other hand
fault then?”
They stand there, fuming quietly, and after he’s done unpacking and putting the contents of the bag away, Cas proceeds to turn the kettle on, probably for his tea. He slams the cupboard door loud enough that the boxes in the shelf under rattle, and Dean snaps his head and balls his fists. “
“Do you not grow tomatoes?” Dean asks.
It’s scary, an unknown shame curling into his stomach and twisting around. His trenchcoat floats towards the shore, and Dean picks it up. Bobby and Sam are taking measured looks at him as Dean presses his eyes shut tight, clenches his jaw.
“Please. No. Cas,
When they find a diner, Claire asks Cas if she could talk to Dean for a minute. Dean looks at Cas, communicating minus words, then tells him to order ahead. “No sala-”
“Sam. He’s gone.”
The light is sizzling now, and taking a shape, and Sam gestures at Cas to go ahead. The hand on his back tightens, and Dean demands, voice small, “Cas. Be careful.”
. He remembers thinking,
“I- I don’t know Cas. I feel pretty shitty myself. But it’s just- hard to wrap your head around.”
“I- I don’t think it’s my place to tell you this, but Dean was- always, was your son. You were gone before he realized this and.” Cas glares at her, eyes cobalt and cold. “And I would appreciate it if you don’t hurt him. Again.”
“Oh.” the woman says, stretching her
“G’night, Cas.”
gonna tell him his wish, because one, it doesn’t matter if it’s true that sharing cancels wishes, because his wish is too important to risk a chance, and two, it
Cas stiffens at that. “No, Dean.”
He sits the funeral out, just sits there, unwilling, and
, he’ll have his Mom. It’s a want, he knows that, he doesn’t need her to ‘validate’ him, words quoted by the Samuel Winchester, but a man’s gotta have hope, don’t he?
“What?”
“What’re you doin’?” Dean walks in, arms draped across Jack’s body, his butt resting on the inside of Dean’s right elbow.
right now. The face he receives now is exactly what one might expect after telling a stranger that they, a forty something, have a fifty three year old baby. The airplane thinks now is the perfect time to make things worse and leaves the ground.
Cas swallows. Opens his palms again.
“Dean?” Cas shakes him out of his reverie. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah,
Dean shakes his head, squeezes his eyes. “No. You listen to me. Listen. We- don't get many things. But the things we have, the things we
Dean has never known to make wishes. Never learned, maybe. His fourth birthday had pie, and he wasn’t smart like Jack to inquire into the semantics of wishing. When he got older, and kept getting older, It seemed like a selfish thing to do,
it, but I- please Cas. Tell me I got ya.”
“Who’s Ralph anyway?”
If you can hear me.
nice, the nicest. Dean slides a hand through the gap in the robe, and it sends a hot and cold shiver through
“Okay. So he’s gone.”
“And Dean?”
have them, not really. they are just there...and the moment I reach out they'll be gone. They'll be taken away from me.”
. Obviously they’ve always been called
He has a birthday to manage.
Cas startles and spins around, knees still three o'clock. “Hello, Dean,” he smiles. “Good morning.”
And then. Then, Dean
Cas gets up and sits on the foot of his bed, his hips slightly brushing Dean’s bare ankles. This is a signal,
“My sister is the same,” she continues. “You should think about something that makes you happy. What’re you thinking about?”
“I know-“
Cas smiles softly at her. “Being, uh, pushed into being a human can be difficult. I’ve been there.”
“First flight?” she asks, and as nice she is, this is the worst moment one could choose to try and make conversation.
“What’ju wish-” breaking off when Cas pushes a forkful of pancake in his mouth. “What’ju wish for?” Jack folds his arm, chewing with his mouth open.
Dean was not expecting
When he looks back, Cas is looking at him, all warm blue eyes that could melt Dean.
whipped.
Something akin to guilt seeps into Cas’ skin, and he wants to go back, back where he’s alive and Dean’s not alone. It’s terrifying to even
not- wait,” Dean starts laughing, boisterous and unable to stop. “That rhymed.”
how to make wishes, but he did nonetheless, not reigning it in.
Cas raises his eyebrows, and Dean continues. “It’s okay, she was okay with me telling you ‘an Sam, that’s cool with her. But-”
“I just want to- to talk. With you, if something’s bothering you. Can we do that?”
It’s bad. It’s- not nice. Dean never has had words to explain this, never had to, either, except to himself. And in a way, he gets where Mary’s coming from. And it was unfair of him to lash out at her. But acting emotionally adjusted? Don’t count Dean in.
anyone, and looks at Cas, smiling softly. “It’s fine. Didn’t hurt, actually.”
Cas cocks his head.
and his soft hair, and square jaw that he prefers with a five o’ clock. He thinks about Cas in flashes: taking the first sip of coffee in the morning, and how his eyebrows knit together when he types on his laptop, how his lips part when Dean kisses the back of his earlobe, how he studies the back of the cereal box before casually dropping it in the cart, the way he looks at Jack. At Claire, at Sam. At him.
Cas can see Dean shudder, “Ca-as! No,” and his voice breaks, uttering the monosyllabic name. Without meaning to, Cas reaches around and touches Dean’s hair, where he’s bent over dead-him. He’s trembling.
The sound of the Impala signals their arrival, and yes, they do have Jack in tow. Cas breathes a sigh he didn’t know he was holding, and walks over to the entrance. Sam and Jack make their way inside the house, while Dean stays out. He can’t gather
He intends to keep his promise.
Cas. Hell, if it was up to me I’d lock you and Sam and Jack in a room and go take on Chuck myself.”
Cas doesn’t smile, but there’s something on his face; Dean doesn’t want to examine it. He won’t.
but jesus fuck does this man not get tired of being an ass? “What
Claire groans dramatically and gets up. “Fine. Sit next to your boyfriend.”
Claire plops beside Cas and in a gesture that is too sweet for Mary right now, fixes his tie, muttering something under her breath. Dean doesn’t sit next to her, just hovers there, uncomfortable.
way!”
Dean does, opening his bloodshot eyes. Cas looks at him, and promises him. “it's gonna be okay, Dean.”
, so he
He remembers so much; after all that has happened, he thought maybe these memories will never see the face of the earth, and yet, here he is.
. Then a louder, stern “Dean.”
his Dean.
Cas ponders over it for several moments. Then says, simple. “Like me.”
So he says, “Yes.”
my kids. You have known them for longer. And I, I don’t know, trust you? With them?” She smiles, looking back up. Then links her fingers together. “I don’t trust myself, though.”
“You hungry?” He asks instead, voice still a little miffed. Cas is now at the table, head bowed and eyes boring into the mug with his thumb and forefinger steeping the teabag. He doesn’t answer Dean, nor does he look at him, shoulders curling further along his lowered neck. Dean sighs and rubs his palms around his eyes, backing his hips against the granite of the counter. “Okay, I’m- I’m sorry for being mad, ‘kay?”
He opened his eyes and took a deep breath. Very gently, he disentangled Castiel’s fingers from his arm, his heart pounding in his chest as he waited for Castiel to wake up. But Castiel slept on.
She was not supposed to see this. Nobody was. Castiel had seen it too and look where that had gotten them. It only brought heartache and pain and he didn’t need any more of that. Charlie didn’t need it either. He was only trouble, apparently.
Once again it hurt and this time, Dean couldn’t fight back the tears. They spilled from his eyes and ran down his cheeks, collected on his chin until they finally dropped to the ground. He managed to find a tissue in his pocket and blew his nose, embarrassed - although nobody was there - but unable to stop the tears from falling.
The door didn’t open at first, so he knocked again.
“Come on, Castiel, “she said with a roll of her eyes, “I only want to help you.”
Dean turned and looked at Castiel doubtfully.
He shook his head and concentrated on hanging his string lights into the huge Maple tree in his backyard. Everything else was ready, the barbecue stuff was prepared, the salads were made as well as his special ‘secret recipe’ Mousse au Chocolat, worshipped by Gabriel and almost everyone else who tasted it. Everything was ready and he was waiting for the first guests to arrive.
He was about to start and a sudden flash in his eyes followed by swallowing betrayed his nervousness.
“Dean. There you are.”
How were they to go on?
“Dean.”
“Bye handsome. See you Tuesday.” She winked at him and he left.
He told her everything in detail, the whole conversation between him and Dean in the woods. About the incident where Alastair had beaten up Dean’s friend from university and the guilt and hatred Dean had declared for himself because of that. The fact that Dean was abused by his husband, this being the reason for him acting the way he did around people. Until he reached the part where he recounted how Dean told him they could never see each other again.
“Hey. It’s alright Dean. I know it is much. But...we’ll find a way out of this. I’m sorry. Please, Dean...shhh. Calm down.”
So the answer probably was that he was a coward. He was afraid to be disappointed by the men he would meet: they could possibly be shallow, just looking for a quick round of sex, only interested in the physical aspects between them, nothing more.
He nodded to himself, as he watched Shoshanna sniff at another dog’s rear, her tail wagging happily. He had not shown any patience in letting her do that the past few days and she was enjoying the tiny bit of freedom he was granting her.
“Dean, you need to calm down.”
Alastair backhanded him again and this time Dean’s head was hit so hard against the door that he saw stars and he stumbled and swayed as he fought to stay upright.
Dean closed his eyes for a second and Castiel wished he hadn’t asked that question. They were only beginning to get to know each other, he wasn’t allowed to ask such questions, at least not yet. He winced almost as if in pain when Dean pulled his hand away from his.
The dog in the back suddenly whined and Dean huffed, shaking his head.
Dean was exhausted, beat down, but he actually sounded determined, so Castiel pushed all thoughts and reasons as to why this was a really bad idea out of his head and got underneath the sheets.
“You are so incredibly responsive, “Alastair continued as he let his hands wander down from Dean’s back to his sides, then to his shoulders, to his arms. “So, so sensitive beneath my hands, like a warm little cat.”
Alastair flashed a huge smile at Castiel, showing his perfect white teeth and Castiel thought he looked perfectly creepy with that smile.
He thought of his parents who didn’t care about him anymore. They had stopped caring about him a long time ago and somehow it still hurt to think of them. He thought of Sam –
He could hear her confused panting behind him as he slowly made his way down but luckily, she didn’t bark.
Spreading his arms as if they were wings he leaned forward and then he was falling.
He tried to stay quiet about it because he didn’t want Alastair to hear him and he forced himself to take a couple of long deep breaths to calm down. His whole body was shaking as he pulled himself up into a standing position and he had to grab the counter to keep from going down again. He grabbed a paper towel and quickly reached behind him to wipe the sticky semen off his legs, then he pulled up his underwear and pants. His hands remained on the hard wood of the counter as he slowly made his way through the kitchen.
His eyes darted to the mirror on the wall but then he thought better of it. He really didn’t need to see the battered, pathetic reflection of his face right now.
“Would you tell me what’s happened?” Castiel asked eventually. “Please?”
But Dean was still staring at him, panic and disbelief painfully evident in his forest-green eyes. He looked completely overwhelmed and Castiel’s face fell, as he was hit by a pang of guilt. Quickly, he took a step back, reluctantly taking his hands off the shaken man.
“I-I don’t know.”
Castiel felt nauseous all of a sudden.
“Ahhh, excellent choice.” She winked at him, put all the other ice cream boxes into his freezer, grabbed two big spoons from his drawer and walked over to the couch.
“You will?” Dean looked up at him hopefully and Castiel nodded firmly.
He got into his car, still feeling a little dazed and drove off. He turned on the radio and absently listened to the news. Soon, he stopped in front of a beautiful yellow-painted little house with a lovely little front yard and a cherry blossom tree on the side.
Without thinking, Castiel took a step forward. He would just go to him, to hell with everything. He needed to talk to him, to see him up close, to be near him. Any other option was unthinkable.
“Do you have a job here?” he asked instead.
Dean immediately opened his mouth in protest and Castiel quickly raised a hand. “Please don’t suggest sleeping on the couch. After what your body has been through, it needs a comfortable place to rest and the couch surely is not it. Please, Dean. You’ll sleep much better in it.”
He shook his head and pulled the leash a little more fervently so Shoshanna would follow. It didn’t take long for them to reach their home and once inside, Castiel filled Shoshanna’s bowl with dog food. He looked at his watch.
Yesterday’s events had been a new low for him. He had considered taking his own life, had taken the knife into his hands, something he had never done before. He knew he had been pathetic, but he couldn’t change, not after what had happened. After what had happened yesterday, Dean would have been okay if Alastair killed him tomorrow. Let it come to an end now, make his pitiable life stop before his misery would be prolonged even more.
He read his message three times, hesitated for another second and then just pressed the send button.
Suddenly he jumped up from his seat at the couch, startling Shoshanna from her idle position as well. He felt the sudden need to move, so he went to his stereo, picked out a record from his huge collection and placed it on his record player (he was old-fashioned, he preferred the record player over a CD player or even Bluetooth and he even owned a Walkman along with tapes for when he was out and about).
He corrected himself quickly. Of course, he had heard him. He was choosing to ignore him.
Dean nodded slowly. “I think I do, thank you.” He furrowed his brows. “What did you do just now?”
He cursed himself once again as he held his arm underneath the faucet, cool running water soothing his throbbing skin. After a minute, he turned off the water and inspected the damage. It didn’t look too bad but there was a small burn mark on the inside and it hurt a little. Dean dismissed it and swiftly returned his attention to the chicken. Alastair wouldn’t appreciate it being burned.
A tongue found its way into Castiel’s mouth at the same time that a stiff erection was pressed against his crotch.
Dean was slammed back against the door as Alastair viciously backhanded him across the face.
Castiel didn’t see Dean again for the whole week, which sorely disappointed him. He had hoped he would meet him again in the little store near his practice, so he went there every day just to buy himself a smoothie or a protein bar, but he didn’t have any luck. He hoped he would meet Dean on his way to or from work, but he didn’t.
“I-I know, “he said quietly, and he let his head fall against the warm pillow beneath him.
Then there was the sound of more footsteps, the door opening, and then it was slammed shut.
“Ah yes, I know. My parents wanted to be original, so they named me after an angel. Stupid, right?”
“Is your husband here right now?”
“Do you want to take your jacket off?”
Almost immediately Dean’s eyes widened and he shook his head frantically. Where he had sat still before, his body had now gone into fight-or-flight-modus, ready to jump up and run if Castiel said just one wrong word.
A few hours later he and Anna finally got back home. She had promised to cook him a decent homemade meal while their mother had thankfully declined, eager to get back to their father so he wouldn’t feel neglected after she had spent the whole day away. Castiel usually loved spending some time alone with his sister but this time he dreaded being interrogated by her. He wasn’t sure if he was up to another round so soon after his evening with Charlie and he didn’t want to scare his sister by throwing cutlery around. Not that he was feeling remotely aggressive today, but he was a little wary of his more violent side and didn’t fully trust himself not to lose it spontaneously like last time.
...But it was all for naught now.
“Of course.” Dean nodded and smiled so openly that Castiel felt a feeling of warmth spread in his chest. He handed Dean a cloth to dry the dishes with, grabbed his own wet cloth and they went to work side by side, cleaning and drying the dishes.
Dean cried out in open pain now because it
Castiel’s face vanished and Dean winced at the loss. Then he became aware of his surroundings again and suddenly there was so much pain in his back, his knees almost buckled beneath him. Three quick lashes rained down on him and he almost howled in agony, caught unaware.
“So, “she stated, as she dumped all the ice cream onto the kitchen table and looked at him expectantly. “I’ve got chocolate chip, a classic you cannot make a mistake with. I’ve got pina colada for the ones who prefer something exotic but honestly, it’s not for me, Jo is the one who eats this disgusting thing. Then we have strawberry & cheesecake, cookie & cream - my personal favourite – and dark chocolate with nuts and honey aaaaand ah yes, cookie dough. So, choose your poison. Well, the first one, that is, we should put the rest of it into the freezer for later, unless we want a mess on your kitchen table.”
He shoved Dean bodily to the side and because Dean was still stunned from the strikes to his face and hadn’t expected to be pushed like that, he dropped to the ground unceremoniously onto his stomach.
If there are, feedback is always appreciated :)
There was still a lot to do. He looked at his watch again. He still had an hour until he had to leave for work. Good time to start another wash and hang up the one from before. Make good use of his time instead of dwelling in the past uselessly.
“Alastair? Is something wrong?” he asked slowly, swallowing as he was filled with an awful sense of dread.
His chest fell forward and he buried his head in the ground, dirty leaves pushing into his face but he didn’t care. It didn’t matter.
It was getting tiresome having to shout every little sentence so Castiel just grinned back at his impossible brother and followed his example when he started to chug down his drink.
Dean nodded, took a deep breath, and proceeded to lay down onto his back, staring at the ceiling and swallowing nervously. Castiel took his place next to him. His fingers grazed the seam of Dean’s shirt, discreet and respectful.
“Okay, dear, if you say so.” His mother smiled and kissed him on the cheek. She then went behind the back of the house to look at the huge backyard again. Gabriel winked at Castiel, patted his shoulder amicably and followed her. Castiel’s smile followed them too and his smile widened further as he watched his dog Shoshanna – a beautiful brown Labrador – shoot out of the house and jump at him. He knelt to pet the excited animal and buried his face in her soft fur, closing his eyes for a moment.
Cas gives a small smile to his bowl. His shoulders droop a little. “…I know.”
“No green peppers.”
Cas’s stomach growls. “Can we postpone the exhibitionism until after we eat?”
And just like that, they were engaged.
—under wraps. It just sorta… happened that way. ’Sides, it ain’t like they’ve actually talked about what getting married even means; Cas technically doesn’t exist, and Dean is somehow both wanted and legally dead—that shit isn’t really conducive to any kind of legal arrangement. As for the spiritual stuff, well—Dean’s pretty sure he and Cas have had enough god-talk to last two lifetimes.
“A pitcher.”
” Cas joins in.
~ * ~
Castiel is not a morning person.
“Castiel Novak,” Dean announces. His voice is shaking and he’s sweating and he might be having a heart attack, but hey, odds are real good Cas accepts the ring, so. “This isn’t a marriage proposal, but—”
,” he murmurs.
“...Nope,” Dean says, suddenly and emphatically. He turns on his heel and walks out of the lobby in two long strides, muttering to himself. Cas watches him leave with a raised brow. “Apologies,” he adds, and nods at the clerk before following. “We had the... wrong address.”
Cas frowns. “Angelic love is—
and packs a bowl, Dean enters the kitchen blessedly alone and under the pretence of getting snacks. He grabs the snacks—and he grabs Sam’s nasty-ass box of flax-whatever.
When they had arrived on Terra, Castiel had asked for a job.
“Not—
“…Right,” Cas says. “Yes. I will… do that.” He gestures to the balcony. “Please sit.”
“You ol’ romantic.”
“I think that should do it.”
Cas stares.
It’s a process. It always is—like trying to jumpstart a dying engine. Despite the fact that Cas wants to chase, he’s balanced on the knife’s edge of pleasure and frustration. If he thinks at all—about his physical response, about how normal it is, about anything other than Dean and how
of that.
Steadfast. Absolute. Unconditional. But it doesn’t make any allowance for emotion beyond blind devotion. I didn’t love the sunrise because there was nothing
The team erupts into cheers but Dean barely hears any of it. He doesn’t feel himself getting sprayed with champagne, though he definitely tastes it on Cas’s mouth when he plants one on him, right in front of the cameras. Jo whoops and tackles them both, and it becomes a dog pile, all of them on the floor and yelling and laughing.
They’re cuddled in the California King, the covers rumpled and half-fallen to the spotless floor as Cas picks through the small bowl of fruit in his lap. His soft robe is open, eyes trained on the TV and mouthing along to Westley’s
“Um… Copernicus had an aversion to feet?”
“You’re—welcome,” Cas says haltingly. He can’t stop staring, but he thinks maybe that’s okay. That this instance of overwhelming love and appreciation is the only one where unabashed looking is not a social faux pas. Hesitantly, he leans in. Dean meets him halfway.
I figure that’s sometimes hard to remember, but it doesn’t make it any less true.”
First light is approaching fast.
“About what?” Cas asks.
“Who says I’m not having fun?”
He’d said,
Castiel makes himself comfortable by in the shade of a towering macroflos and roots through his satchel. His purchases are few, but they always are: fruit and sweets, when he can afford them. Cheese, sometimes, if it’s a specialty of the people. A book or two. Spices. A rock. This time, his biggest prize is a round, black disk from an oddity shop: Terran system, late 20
it feels—he’ll lose it. Castiel squeezes his eyes shut and groans, the thing turning into a gasp as Dean moves to tug at his hair.
“Yeah,” Dean murmurs. “I don’t think I’d be here if it wasn’t for him.”
“I know you like breakfast,” he says, instead of dragging Dean back to bed.
And it is absolute.
Dean grins. “Let’s get Dominoes.”
Tracy lets that sit for a bit, but because it’s reality TV eventually nudges him with her foot again. “Because…?” She prompts.
Dean kisses him.
Dean doesn’t like talking, so he wraps an arm around Sam’s tiny body and presses a kiss to his wet cheek.
Castiel steps backward, their fingers clinging until the last possible moment, reaching out even once they’re forced to let go. Their gaze is unwavering from one another, and Cas holds it until he can’t anymore, until he’s forced to turn and run towards the castle, because if he walks he’ll end up back in Dean’s arms.
“Cas…
Dean pulls away.
Dean’s huff of laughter is steeped in nerves. “Well, good,” he says. “’Cause I’m kinda crazy about you, too. So—so, why shouldn’t we have a sunrise picnic on the balcony at the fuckin’ Ritz?”
—made it pretty clear he wasn’t really looking to get hitched. So, not an engagement ring. No wedding. But some kinda something; they’ve talked around it enough at this point that Dean’s pretty damn sure of what Cas wants and likes.
Cas squints and tilts his head a bit, and Dean’s friggin’ blush must give him away because that grin turns into a smirk. “I don’t think I can get an erection so soon after the bath, but I’m more than willing to try.”
. He wondered if perhaps both sides weren’t wrong, in that neither cared about the creatures on Earth and the happenings of their little lives; that two brothers were fighting there, too. That one killed the other and was doomed to a life of wandering.
—and so he set himself to the task of loving them, too.
“Dean, what the hell, man?”
, Cas. A-And we’re in love, right?”
It takes a second beyond the sensation of incredible relief for the words to really register;
“Dean,” Cas says. His fingers are gentle at the base of Dean’s skull.
“Dean—”
Cas manages to wrangle the cereal box out of Dean’s arms, his eyes wide and cheeks flushed a deep red as he carefully holds it to his own chest. “Okay,” he says breathlessly, “Dean, I—”
“Hey lovebirds, sometime before I’m forty.”
Unfortunately, when Dean ordered the ring, he hadn’t been banking on a global pandemic.
Dean’s running back from it when the door slams open and Dad—a big shadow in his leather jacket—shoulders his way inside, bringing the snow and cold with him. He takes one look at Dean and yells something about sleeping.
He moves as if to dismount and Cas tugs him back down, catching his mouth in another kiss. “I’m responsible for the Silfra Fissure in Iceland,” he continues. “Gabriel created the platypus. Moses had a stutter and was a bad public speaker; Aaron did most of the talking for him.”
. He’d pulled away, but Cas had only shrugged:
There are only so many places to hide shit when you’re playing with 700 square feet of totally shared living space. This is something Dean has become
“Didn’t have time to shave,” Dean mutters, the sentence breaking off into a low, pleased sound as Cas takes him in hand. Castiel licks a long stripe from root to tip in reply. Kisses at the head. Works him up to full hardness without a thought to what’s between his own legs.
Castiel laves kisses up to the soft flesh under Dean’s navel and nips, marveling at the way Dean squirms. There are no shortage of miraculous things in the universe, but this—the knowing—puts them all to shame. It’s a privilege and an honour, Cas thinks, to be able to feel such things with another person. To hold them at all, but especially at their most vulnerable.
Cas wipes his sticky chin on his sleeve and re-covers his mouth, squinting at his bare toes. It’s hard to imagine how young he was, back then. How naïve. How
. Because he is certain. Because he—a being known for its sameness—has been forever changed by one imperfect, loving human. Because Dean Winchester is love incarnate.
Their bowls of chili have been abandoned next to the bed, which has no night table or box spring or frame because Castiel likes feeling the hum through Baby’s floor. He likes the big window that allows them to look out into the vast darkness, broken up by coloured gases, blinding stars and unexplored galaxies. He likes the in-between, when they’re not risking their lives, and they’re fed and warm, and Dean’s draped over him—resting between Cas’s spread legs, hand tracing up-and-down his side, eyes trained on
He orders pancakes and waffles and eggs and sausages, lox bagels, a bowl of fresh fruit, mimosas. An espresso and a latte because Dean would never ask for it himself. “And would you mind putting a rush on this?” he murmurs into the receiver. “I know it’s early, but we’re newlyweds and I’m trying to surprise my husband.”
kiss. Dean’s pretty sure that no one in the history of ever has had such a good fuckin’ kiss to kick off the new year. They pull away with wide smiles and Cas tilts his head. “What—”
“WE STILL NEED TO FINISH—”
Laughable. Castiel pulls away so he can jump onto their sagging mattress and squirms up until he’s lounging amidst the pillows, crooking his finger in a perfect imitation of Dean’s god-awful antique porn. And Dean… Dean gives him that crooked grin again and chases, catching him in a breathless, smiley kiss. He’s lazy with love, the stuff softening his eyes and gentling his hands, rounding out his shoulders until they’re pressed together head to toe, kissing, kissing until they’re sore.
Their lips part with a faint popping sound, and Cas hesitantly unwinds his arms from where they slipped over Dean’s shoulders. Dean holds him fast, crushing him to his chest as he buries his face in Cas’s neck. “I’ll see you later,” he mumbles — for his own benefit or Castiel’s, Cas isn’t sure.
Cas is looking up directions to another dive when Dean puts a hand on his wrist. “Why the hell are we looking at shitty motels?” he asks, holding up Charlie’s magic card. “I wanna stay someplace I can take my shoes off. You think if we tell ‘em we’re married they’ll give us free champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries?”
“Cas?”
Blowing Cas on the kitchen floor isn’t the most comfortable way they’ve ever done this, but the rings more than make up for the ache in Dean’s knees. He relaxes his throat and breathes through his nose and feels the band biting into his scalp as Cas guides his head, humming when the same hand moves to brush over his cheek. “Fuck. Dean…”
It used to cause tension, his love for flying. Back when Dean wasn’t sure Cas wouldn’t commandeer his ship and leave them all for dead on some miserable rock or another. Castiel remembers that the thought had crossed his mind often in those early days. To have a ship all his own and travel had seemed the ultimate freedom.
Castiel clings more tightly, squeezing his eyes shut. They’re married, now; two souls bound in a forbidden act, the words said aloud in the forbidden tongue. “
Cas shakes his head and kisses him again.
“Mornin’, sunshine.”
It comes out much breathier than probably intended, and Cas can’t be expected not to kiss him. When they drift apart and Dean says, “Little bit of everything?” Cas gets up to make him a plate.
And then he walks out of their room, completely naked.
Dean rolls his eyes despite the pleased flush of his cheeks. “Later.” He leans in but Castiel moves back, teasing.
He’s lounging by the time Dean returns, having calmed some in his time alone. For a person who claims to be allergic to such things, Dean is probably the most emotionally intuitive person he knows. He slips back into the room with two bowls in his hands and a bag full of cheese in his mouth. Cas watches him approach the bed in amusement. “I assume nobody saw you? I didn’t hear any screaming.”
“Nah,” Dean shrugs. “’S a privilege, right? To make you feel this way.”
Dean shrugs. Coughs. Scrubs at the back of his hair.
“Hey, Cas.”
“Dean—”
He’s at half-mast when he presses their groins together, but when Cas reaches for him, Dean bats his hand away. “Nope,” he says. “I ain’t done with you yet.”
“Dean!” Sam exclaims, motioning to the door.
“Anything,” Dean answers. “Before. When you were an angel.”
“Yeah, and then you played nurse, remember? And then I kissed you… I mean, I can’t even hate it because who knows how long it woulda taken for us to get together otherwise.”
“Really?” Sam says. “
“Uh, happy new year,” he murmurs.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes. “I —” He fumbles in his shirt, pulling out a strip of cloth that matches his tartan. Pressed between his fore-and middle-fingers, he holds it aloft between them. “Got it.” He licks his lips nervously and Cas smiles, moving into the appropriate hold; left hands clasped, opposite and palm-to-palm, fingers brushing each other’s wrists. With his own free hand, Cas pulls his strip of cloth from within the folds of his kilt, this one plain white and used for his own parents’ handfasting. Their knuckles brush and very suddenly, the whole thing is exciting and terrifying and
today.
“Heavy with
It takes only a moment to pull his hand back and give it an obscene lick, but it’s enough for Dean to catch his wrist mid-air, pressing his mouth to his knuckles as he paws at Cas’s clothes. The shoulder of his tartan drops to his waist, his belt and kilt undone in short order. Dean smirks against the back of Cas’s hand and threads their fingers together, climbing off his lap and guiding Castiel overtop him. “Like this.”
of that that makes it sacred and glorious. That hope and love are irrevocably entwined, and it is in this intersection that humans find true strength. True dignity. That they become something greater than themselves when they are
He moves close enough for their noses to brush, smiling crookedly at Cas’s unimpressed stare. Puts their food on the floor and gathers Castiel in his arms, continuing to nuzzle and kiss and work at his neck and jaw and ears until Cas is a puddle of a human being, pressing them together and moving sluggishly in his attempts to obtain a real kiss.
“I love you,” he echoes.
“...You wanna go swimming?”
Dean’s voice is slurred and muffled. He blindly reaches out and Cas meets him halfway, tempted into cuddling for just a moment longer. “Go back to sleep, Dean,” he murmurs, gently brushing over the pillow lines on his cheek.
“Sleep well,” Dean echoes faintly.
to themselves.
And then Cas is curled up on their bed, alone.
But it turns out when you spend an insane amount of dough, people give you whatever you want with a big smile on their faces. They’d been given two vouchers for the restaurant as an apology for having to wait fifteen minutes for their room to be ready, and when they’d arrived there had been a cheese plate, bowl of chocolate-covered strawberries, bottle of expensive champagne and a handwritten card waiting for them. Cas had let his duffle drop to the shiny tile and had
He smiles.
She grins back. “Happy new year.”
Dean nods through the sense-memory of it; getting to the top of the falls ready to swim across the pools on top, the water leeching the cold from him until he was blue and purple and stopped shivering. He’d been so cold for so long he didn’t notice anything but the fact that he wanted to fucking lie on the riverbank and sleep. “Uh, yeah,” Dean mutters turning back to the camp entrance. “Whole team was straddling the line of cold and hypothermic for like half the swim, but I just… I didn’t notice how cold I was. Didn’t realize until we got out, but we couldn’t stop to get a rescue or nothin’—”
While the rest of the team hauls ass to the finish line platform, Cas doesn’t make it out of the ocean.
Dean’s never done this; the barrage of kisses and hugs on New Year’s Eve, drunk on pizza and beer and with cheap champagne in his hand. He hugs Jack for a good long while, then Claire, then Eileen. Gets the rest of the family and squeezes Sammy within in inch of his life. He’s looking at them, all of them, alive and laughing and just… here, when Cas comes up behind him.
Castiel has discovered that he is shameless in many ways, but none so much as this.
In the shoe boxes under the bed? Cas wanted to deep clean the apartment.
In defiance of the willowy, pale vision he had been forced to become, Castiel’s flesh has browned from the light of one thousand stars and suns, his hands calloused and cheeks perpetually space-burned. Dean may be the captain, the mechanic… but Cas is the flyer. The pilot. He has lived on a planet with a suffering people and argues that no war zone is too dangerous. They call him the nebula—untouchable, uncatchable. He might not understand the inner-workings of the machine but he knows her abilities, guides her out of impossible corners and tight spots as surely as if she were his own wings.
They all peel away one by one, patting his shoulder or cheek, asking after food and drink and where Dean’s setup is until only Castiel remains. He looks pretty much as banged up as the others, though Dean can barely tell for how fucking hard the weirdo is smiling. “Hello, Dean,” he says.
Dean reaches for his glass and fumbles his grip, frowning at the cheap, fingerprinted thing. He isn’t sure how many he’s had, but the number’s high enough to keep him looking at the guy sitting at the other end of the bar. He’s got dark hair and darker eyes and long, brown fingers reach out to curl around his beer. Dean forces himself to frown at the grain of the bar top. This is bad. It was a bad fuckin’ idea to come here anyway, and Mister McHotFingers over there’s only makin’ things worse.
“Good morning to me. Tell me the bacon is extra greasy.”
Dean was scowling hard at Cas now, and the angel took a half step back. Dean kept him in reach and his hand slid from Castiel’s neck to his shoulder. He squeezed, and then shook Cas once. Hard. “We could have had naked Sunday! Do you know how long it’s been since I had a day without Sam so I could do that?”
He had to focus on reading Cas the riot act.
“Little help?”
Cas briefly considered turning a lamp on, but Dean seemed to sleep better without light. “It’s between four and five in the morning. It’s very early, Dean. We can talk about it when you wake, if you wish.” He eased the hunter back towards the mattress, trying to use Dean’s confusion against him instead of brute strength. Castiel was certain that Dean would not want to discuss anything in the morning, if he managed to remember it, but he wouldn’t object to the discussion if he chose it.
Sam sat down next to Cas, and made a show of taking a bite of dinner. He chewed and swallowed before he spoke again. Dean and Cas were glaring at each other, but at least they weren’t speaking. The silence was definitely better than the screaming.
“Dammit!!” He wasn’t yelling at anyone or anything, other than poor Baby who did not deserve his ire, but Dean was frustrated. Sam had a date with Eileen, so Dean was happy to rush home. Except... Cas wasn’t there. He sent Sam off on his way, the he worried, called, eventually prayed, called some more, threatened via prayer, begged, and searched every inch of the bunker. Eventually Dean got so panicked that he called Sam and ended his sleepover early. He was trying very hard not to reflect on why he freaked out.
“No, not you, Dean. Fighting against you for what we both want. That’s what’s exhausting.”
“Hello? I’m back. Forgot my laptop. Dean?? You up yet?” Sam’s voice echoed through the bunker, getting closer to Dean’s room, and the door was wide open. Castiel turned towards the voice, but he never saw the door. What he saw was the floor, as Dean had unceremoniously dumped him on it.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean typed out ‘I’m sorry.’ then deleted it. That was followed with a really message that ended in emojis he’d never admit to using. That draft was also deleted. In the end, all Dean sent was a lame cop out. ‘Sorry Angel.’
Last night had been different. It was great, and it was freaking terrifying. He didn’t have any time to process anything. Sammy wanted to get an early start because Dean didn’t want to spend the night on the road; Sam never asked why so he never gave him a reason. It worked out in Dean’s favor, because it turned out that Sammy had a date.
Cas took in the outburst and processed it. He didn’t answer right away. To Dean, it looked like Cas was trying to choose the right words. It gave him an uneasy feeling, and his heart was off and galloping again. Dean sat glowering t the road, waiting for another fight about the closet Dean was never coming out of. He wasn’t... It wasn’t... It was Cas. It wasn’t a guy, it was Cas. It was his stupid, angelic best friend who didn’t know what personal space was, who made everything into a weird statement, and who looked at him with a gaze that cut straight through to his soul. It terrified him, and he constantly craved more of it. It wasn’t guys. It was one guy. Not a guy, an idiot angel that he couldn’t get enough of. He realized then that Cas was spot on with what he said before Sam called. Dean was also an idiot, and he was definitely Cas’ idiot.
After a long silence, Castiel spoke. “It’s exhausting, Dean.”
Three hours later, the hunter stirred. Specifically, he rolled over across the bed, pressing himself against Cas’ body. Dean’s head rested against Castiel’s thigh, and his arm was snaking around the angel’s calf to snuggle it. With a fond smile, Cas allowed a hand to fall onto Dean’s head and he absently stroked his hair while he read. He hadn’t find anything useful yet, but the general monster knowledge could be useful sometime down the road. He checked the clock, it wasn’t even 6 a.m. He’d let Dean sleep a while longer.
If he could have gotten to Sam, to stop him from saying yes...
“I’ve got some pajamas you can wear.” The hunter was completely positive he could make up a lie to his brother if Sammy saw Cas wearing his pajamas. Sam wouldn’t, so that was that.
“You didn’t wake up last night.” Cas said, the confusion evident in his voice.
“Please!” Dean didn’t realize he cried out, begging the empty air. “Fuck me Cas!” He was almost /yelling/ out to no one, lost in his own pleasure and the fantasy.
He stood, walked around the bed awkwardly, then slid in next to Dean, tucking the covers around him. “Is this better?” He mimicked Dean’s position, sitting up against the headboard, then scooted over from the edge of the double bed to against the hunter’s side.
Fact: Cas was all Dean had to hold onto, so Dean could NEVER consider being with him.
Dean was uncomfortable under the angel’s knowing gaze. Cas’ blue eyes were intense. It felt like he could see through Dean, through all the walls and layers of protection he had, and that was exactly why Cas had to stay at a distance. Except now, when Dean needed the reassurance that accompanied the discomfort.
The moment was so perfect, and Cas didn’t want it to end. When Dean broke the kiss for air, Cas blurted out the first thing that came to his mind.
Dean was feeling uneasy. He hoped Sammy was wrong. Sirens were bitches to deal with. “I’m going to stop for gas. You can dig your books out and see if there’s anything useful.” Cas was an angel, but he wasn’t infallible, and the more information Castiel had on what they were hunting, the better he’d feel. They still had a long drive ahead.
Dean was considering (only half seriously) the ramifications of decking his little brother when Cas spoke up. “I’d love to. Thank you for the invitation, Sam.”
“I know.” Cas reached a hand over and carded his fingers through Dean’s short locks. “What I need is for you to trust me, Dean.”
“I don’t care for much of Lady Gaga’s material.” Cas stated seriously, his gravel tone making the words sound as if they were a serious revelation, not as ridiculous as they actually were.
“I asked you to behave, Cas. I said please, and I don’t do that very freaking often!” Dean knew he sounded like a complete douche, but it didn’t stop him.
“We aren’t going anywhere. You’re going to go back to Eileen’s and I’m going to go pick up that moronic angel.”
“I’m gonna kill him.” Dean said to his brother by way of explanation, and grabbed the keys to the Impala.
Dean choked on a mozzarella stick, but he recovered quickly. Cas seemed not to notice the elder Winchester’s conundrum and answered Sam immediately. “Yes. I didn’t want to intrude on anyone’s plans.”
He was seriously considering that option when Sam walked in. “You about ready? Oh hey, Cas. You’re back. You coming with us?”
“That. You look like I just kicked your puppy!”
Sam waved him off, stopping to drop his bag off in his bedroom.
Castiel slid across the bench so he was sitting next to Dean. He rested his head on the hunter’s shoulder, an arm wrapping around his waist as he curled himself to fit against Dean’s side “We’re not fighting tonight. I wanted my opinion, and that is my opinion. Ignore it for now. Allow it to take root and ruminate on it when we’re not together. I know you will.”
It was too late to rescind the confession, had Castiel wanted to. As it could not be changed, he tried not to dwell on that particular moral conundrum. Castiel was as he was, and Dean had to accept that or not. Most days he was0 not, but on the days he did, oh those days were Castiel’s most cherished memories. To be held, to hold, to feel the physical and emotional connection that he had with Dean, it made these days of longing and absence easier to bear.
Castiel looked down at himself, visibly confused. “Dean, I don’t have anything else.”
‘Maybe.’
It occurred to him that the least he could do was apologize for his part in making Dean rush this morning, so he sent a text without realizing how late it was.
If he wasn’t the kind of person his father hated.
“What time is it?” Dean ran his hands through his hair and squinted into the dark.
It was in the early morning hours shortly before dawn broke when Dean had finally relaxed into a peaceful slumber. They were in each other’s arms, spent after a blissful night of lovemaking. Though they had started in a more position that Dean would describe as more manly for him, within the last hour or so, Dean had rolled over and wiggled his back against Castiel’s chest. Unable to resist, Cas wrapped Dean up in his arms, holding him in his protective embrace while he pressed soft kisses to the hunter’s shoulder and neck. Dean had relaxed at that, and though he was asleep, he could feel the peace radiating from him. Dean, who never dealt with his emotions. Dean, who generally exuded mistrust, and fear for his loved ones even when he slept. Dean, who did everything for everyone and very rarely thought of himself, was simply... happy. There were no words attached to the feeling, though it was almost like a prayer. He could feel it from Dean, and he vowed to himself there and then that he’d do whatever he could to bring Dean more moments like this. Castiel was not a vain being, but he knew that the change in Dean was as a result of himself, or at least the combination of himself with Dean. He would have to fight against Dean, but Castiel was strong and he knew that ultimately Dean would be happy. He’d known Dean for years. Dean had never slept like this before, not once. He would help Dean battle his own inner demons.
“Cas, don’t!” Dean bolted into a sitting position in his bed, his eyes flying open in the dark.
The elder Winchester ordered a soup, an appetizer, a meal, and a dessert. The result was that all he’d done for the last thirty minutes was eat, and their meals hadn’t even shown up yet. As soon as one thing was done, another showed up and Dean tucked back in, like he hadn’t eaten in days and there wasn’t anything that could possibly be more interesting than his food. “So, Cas. You were gone all day again. Everything okay?” Sam said conversationally. He was gently prying for information, and he knew asking Dean was a dead end.
“You do realize that you’re also an idiot, correct?”
“I still know you let me listen to Taylor Swift, and so do you.”
“I know, you never gave me a chance. You’d push me away, and I had to disappear so you’d feel comfortable. When did I have time to offer an opinion?”
He was going through the conversation with Dean again, every single word that had been exchanged between them, unconsciously forming some of the words with his lips in silence as he conjured up the image of Dean in the front of his mind. Dean apologizing to him because they couldn’t see each other anymore. Dean crying because he was terribly afraid for
“Let’s eat, Dean, “Alastair said, his lips curling up ever so slightly, “I was in the kitchen for over an hour, wanting to make something special for us. So let’s not let it get cold, alright?”
Sam sighed. Cas was being weird again, but whatever. “When Dean gets up, can you let him know I’m going to the library to hunt down a couple leads on potential cases?”
Dean swore under his breath. He couldn’t fault Cas for not wanting to make assumptions, but he was uncomfortable spelling it out in so many words.
That was even weirder, but Cas seemed like he was going to get his feelings hurt if he said something, so Dean dropped his hand and stepped closer. Cupping Cas’ face between his hands, Dean leaned town to press his forehead to the angel’s, and sighed heavily. His eyes were closed, which made it a little easier to get through what he needed Cas to hear.
Pulling back from Cas, Dean met his gaze with a stern expression. “You know I made Sammy come home from his date because of you. He didn’t get to have a sleepover with Eileen because I thought you were abducted by- by something.”
The plug wouldn’t be enough for the need that had built within Dean. When he got this weak, that usually worked. He could wear it all day, to remind himself of the feeling he craved, then jerk off, clean it, and hide it away with all of his desires. No, tonight Dean’s fingers curled around the dildo, and he carefully extracted it and the lube. The thoughts that plagued him required a more direct touch. First, he blared some rock music and pointed his boombox towards the window so anyone who happened by would hear that and not the sounds the hunter would be making tonight. Second was a thorough cleaning and drying of the toy. Finally, Dean could allow himself to relax. He mechanically undressed, taking off every piece of clothing he had on. Each item was carefully folded and put on a table for him to change into after. Dean was usually a slob, but in this everything was methodical and perfect. He couldn’t show any cracks in his façade later, and this was a part of the routine.
“I got it. I’m too tired to call you an idiot. I’m so tired I just realized I didn’t ask you to do anything while your face was in my crotch.” Dean sighed wistfully. “Damn, a missed opportunity.”
Cas pulled against the chains, but he couldn’t break free. It would be impossible.
The safe now open, inside Dean removed another box. This was a metal lock box that had seen better days, but it still latched and locked. The hunter removed the key that he kept in the false bottom of his desk drawer, locked inside another small combination lock box that was more modern.
Honestly, Cas was expecting to be annihilated on a molecular level, or worse, that Dean would have been. But that’s not what happened. Cas opened his eyes to find himself at a clearly abandoned and run-down but otherwise non-descript basement. Was it of a home? It could have been. Dean was nowhere in sight. Cuffs were being attached to either of Castiel’s wrists and before he could even open his mouth to protest, he was being strung up to the rafters.
“He was up earlier, but he fell back asleep. I’ll deliver your message” A dreamy smile was on the angel’s lips and Sam cocked his head, looking like all the pieces of a puzzle just fell into place.
Dean woke up with a stretch. He reached out, expecting warm flesh, and found cold sheets. One eye cracked open suspiciously. The bed was rumpled, and the indentation from Cas’ head was still on the pillow, but there was no Cas.
It was a quiet Thursday. Sam and Dean hadn’t had a case for a while, so Cas took advantage of a day with his baby. He planned a picturesque little picnic, at a park not too far from the bunker. He made sandwiches; Dean’s was arguably twice the size of Castiel’s. Of course he had a red and white checkered cloth, one that he picked up when his boyfriend was off on a long road trip. He got it to surprise Dean with a bedroom full of desserts. This was an actual picnic, complete with a large basket, fresh fruit, cheeses, and a six pack. He packed wine as well, but the last time the two of them tried wine, both had hated it. The person at the liquor store assured Cas that this was A “dessert” wine, whatever that was, and most non-wine drinkers would enjoy it. That didn’t stop the angel from filling a cooler with beer. His baby liked what he liked, and it was Castiel’s self-appointed job to keep him happy. While Dean was rummaging around the backseat of the Impala for the phone Cas “accidentally dropped” and kicked under the seat, Cas was setting everything up so it was perfect for Dean. All the food was arranged on plates, there was a fresh cherry pie, one Cas made himself, and a perfect little dish of jelly beans was the centerpiece of the spread. He was sentimental. Everything had jelly beans, because it fit them both so perfectly.
“Next time you try to kill me from my bed, can we both be naked and sweaty?” Dean’s version of a seductive smile was on his lips. Cas leaned over to click on the switch for the lamp. The hunter was relieved to see Cas had a small, amused smile on his lips.
It was some time later that he’d managed to get his middle finger fully inserted, and he was working himself around, slowly easing in a second finger. By the time Dean worked himself enough to slide in a third, he’d had enough. He’d stretched himself as much as he’d had the patience for. It was close, but he continued to prep himself anyway, trying to enjoy it while he worked himself over and got his body ready.
“You were what? Where?” That surprised Dean and his eyes widened in surprise. It was enough to make the momentary panic pass. “You know what. I don’t want to know. Are you okay? It’s two in the morning, Cas. We got home and you- and I didn’t- Why the hell didn’t you answer your phone!?” Anger was easier for Dean, and he held onto that. He could be mad at Cas for making him worry, without emphasizing the part where he admitted he was worried. “I thought something happened to you, man!” Emphasis on the man. Buddy. Friend. Maybe not platonic, but not... not platonic. Or something. Dean was losing his train of thought now.
He was getting too close, too soon. Dean stopped stroking his length and slowed down his movements so he was fucking himself at a more sedate pace. The fantasy changed with the speed, and now they were on a bed, slow thrusting and looking into each other’s eyes. NOPE. Dean was not handling that fantasy. He opened his eyes and shook his head, as if that would erase the intrusive images. It was one thing to think about Cas railing him, anything to do with that... absolutely not.
Jesus fuck, he couldn’t remember the last time he came so hard or so much. Panting, Dean let himself melt into the couch for a minute, his toy still in him as his tired arms rested on the cushions beside him.
“Huh? Oh yeah... sure, I cleaned. Have fun, Sammy!”
‘Castiel. Look at you. Pitiful as always, following around your human boyfriend like a loyal lapdog.’ A pause for a chuckle, and he stepped out of the woods to reveal his face. Cas already knew who he was, by that gratingly self-satisfied and superior voice.
“Dean…”
Shame and anticipation were the two emotions warring within Dean as he popped open floor boards beneath the rug of the small, dingy dwelling he called home. Beneath the floor boards were a safe, and Dean put in the combination he knew by heart. The numbers he’d chosen to set the lock only worsened the sense of shame and his own disappointment in himself for his weakness.
“Where are we going?” Dean asked, taking the napkin from Sam. “Possible Wraith. Jackson, Tennessee. No big deal.”
“I’d enjoy that very much, Dean.”
From another person, the words would be cute or possibly even coy. From Cas, they sounded so serious that Dean had to smile again. Birds started chirping, which effectively ruined the moment and made Dean wonder what the hell kind of alternate reality he was in.
He appeared uncomfortable, and it took Cas several moments to answer the hunter. “Yes, Sam.”
“Oh, so we’re back to doing everything your way, and me not getting an opinion again.”
Could Castiel have chosen a female vessel from the start, he would have. As it was, Castiel’s vessel was no longer anything other than himself, and he was happy with the fact that this would be his physical appearance so long as he was tied to earth. He had no desire to leave when this was where Dean was.
Even though he’d summoned Cas, Dean still jumped when he found Castiel standing right next to him.
People were dying out there. He still had to find a way to take care of Sa— Lucifer. He had a camp full of people counting on him to do his job, which was to keep them alive and safe. There was no time for these kinds of destructive fantasies.
“Why wouldn’t you tell him that I wanted to listen to Taylor Swift? You usually put her on when I ask.”
In and out, in and out, all while he clutched his thigh to his chest, leaned his head against the couch cushion, eyes closed while he made the worst kinds of noises. They weren’t the deep moans and groans that he forced himself to make when he was fucking a woman. Each sound Dean made was a whimper of need, a high-pitched moan of pleasure, or a cry of ecstasy when he hit something right within himself.
He sat up and rubbed his hair with one hand, unintentionally making his bed head worse. He opened  his mouth to call for Cas, but he didn’t know what time it was, or where Sam was. A quick look around the room showed Dean that Cas definitely wasn’t in the bedroom. He checked the clock on his night stand. It was noon? “Crap.” It wasn’t that Dean had any plans for the day, but he didn’t think he’d sleep that late. His stomach grumbled so Dean decided to drag himself out of bed for coffee and some breakfast.
Ending the call, Dean handed the phone back to Cas with a tight smile. He knew exactly what was coming “What was the point in lying to your brother?”
“Sirens are worse.” Castiel stated the very obvious, then lifted his head to frown at the backseat of the Impala. “So much for my research. Perhaps one of the books has a mention of sirens.”
“I am not opposed to working my crap out, as you put it, at another time” Cas said soberly.
If he was a better son.
Now that he could fit almost the whole toy within him, Dean dropped his leg, spreading both of them as far as he could. His fingers wrapped around his length again, and the hunter started stroking himself. It didn’t take long for the mental images to start, and it didn’t surprise him that they were all of Cas.
“Yes, because we all know how to cater to Dean to assuage his anger.” Cas said bitterly.
Perhaps he might have revealed it little by little, perhaps Castiel could have studied humans and learned how to be subtle. It had been months since that confession had derailed their lives, and sent them on this new path.
“Fuck!” He cried out suddenly, moving in a frenzied state. He kept going, fucking himself hard and fast. The last image in the hunter’s head was him riding Cas in the passenger seat of the jeep, out on an abandoned road, too turned on to wait until they got to safety. He wasn’t riding though. He was on Cas’ dick, but he was gripping the seat behind Cas, trying to hold on while his best friend quickly fucked into him from his position on the seat beneath him. The feeling was too much for Dean, he’d been pushing the toy into himself too hard and squeezing his length too tightly for him to last. Dean finally cried out Cas’ name, coming hard and spilling onto his stomach. One spurt managed to reach his chest.
“Thank you, Cas. This isn’t half bad. When did you learn to cook?”
“For starters, you use my spotify account. Well, it’s Sam’s account that I use, but still. You never made your own... thing. Your music is all mixed up with mine. You listen to a lot of weird music, dude.” There was no malice in the words. “C’mere.” Dean’s arm moved from the wheel to stretch out across the bench of the Impala, and Cas nestled right back into his side. The hunter released a breath that he hadn’t realized he was holding, relaxing with Cas tucked against him, where he belonged. Refusing to analyze that particularly intrusive thought, Dean kept talking. “Also, I woke up to that song like twice last night.”
“Oh.” There was an awkward pause then, “Yes, they are.” Castiel didn’t know what a fitting explanation would be and he did not relish lying to Sam, so he sipped his coffee instead of elaborating.
“Cas, you better hear this freaking prayer. If you’re not here in ten seconds, I am going to kick your feathery ass into-”
Faster and faster Cas thrust into him, pulling out almost completely then pushing back in, as fast as he could.
“If you leave now, you might get there around two am. You could still get a few hours of sleep.”
If, if, if, the thoughts swirled around his head. At some point a pattern began to form, and the hunter was certain of only one thing.
It was his own fucking fault. He shouldn’t have been so stupid. Dean knew better than to play with fire. He knew NEVER to give in to temptation, not even to get close to it. Now the thoughts plagued him, and Dean couldn’t sleep, couldn’t think, couldn’t run missions, he couldn’t do ANYTHING without being assaulted with unwanted thoughts and nearly uncontrollable desires. However close he was, Dean hadn’t lapsed. Not yet. He’d tried to forget with women. That almost worked, except for the fact that Dean couldn’t get it up until he thought about /him/. Hell, Dean even contemplated picking up a guy, thinking maybe bending someone over with the right anatomy would work, but he was still saving that for an extremely desperate, last-resort measure.
It had been days, weeks. It might have even been months. Cas was alone in the basement. Occasionally one of the goons would come down to work Castiel over for no reason he was given other than boredom, then he’d be descended into blackness again. Left alone with his own thoughts, Cas had to wonder. Where was he? Was Dean trying to find him? Had Lucifer at least left Dean alone?
Somehow, this entire world they’d lived in was a direct result of Dean’s actions and his personality.
It was kind of cute, the way they stood there: Dean holding Cas in a dip, and making out like crazy. They were in the woods in the middle of the night, standing in the headlights of the Impala, and Dean didn’t think to panic for the moment. He broke the kiss first. Unlike Cas, he needed things like oxygen to survive. When his eyes opened, he smiled down at Cas, his eyes crinkling. “Hey.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “He helped us—me especially—to the checkpoint. Stayed until they called med-evac for me… Sammy says his team was fuckin’ furious. They were never able to recover the lead; Canada won.” A beat. “I mean, can you imagine that? Throwing it all away for some dude you’ve never even had a full conversation with? It’s just—crazy.” Dean shakes his head. “Then I wake up after fever has just… fucked me like six ways to Sunday and who does my brother tell me is right outside my hospital door? Castiel Novak.”
There’s a beep, and a quick look to the right reveals the camera coming down off of Tracy’s shoulder. It isn’t until the damn thing is off that Dean realizes how tense he was during his little impromptu interview, but now that the pressure is gone, all that’s left is the pure, unadulterated anxiety of not knowing if his little rag-tag family is okay. Carefully, Tracy moves to squeeze his shoulder. Dean takes a big, shaking breath.
12:10am.
Dean pulls Cas to his feet and they jog up to the platform, beaming, shifting in place, totally wigging out because not only did they finish, not only did they
“Bathroom,” Cas supplies, depositing a kiss to the corner of his mouth. Dean’s reciprocation lags with exhaustion.
“Uh… hi?”
but learning to feel, to disobey, to
“Then that’s all that matters.”
“Eighteen years,” Cas reminds him. “Porcelain. Beautifully crafted.”
Cas traces over the bridge of a freckled nose and the ridge of his cheekbones. He grins and leans in for a kiss. Dean enthusiastically accommodates him. “So, um… that tasting menu really only lets you taste, huh? You still hungry?”
Dean moans because it’s what the john wants to hear, doubles down and sucks harder. Looks up with heavy eyes. Hums. He wants to get back to Sam by midnight.
“Says the man who cites them every year, asking for steel.”
“No,” Dean cuts him off, fingertips pressed to his mouth. Cas looks at him curiously. “I mean, that’s cool—the beginning,” he says. “And I want to hear about all of that another time, but… you. I—I wanna know about you.”
“Here.” Dean appears to be just as moved, his own eyes bright and face open and awed as he tries to coordinate their free hands to wrap and tie the strips around their held ones. It takes a few failed attempts before they manage to be successful, heads touching and turned down to the scant space between them. Castiel cannot stop staring.
But Dean only brushes his fingers over the root of his cock before pulling away. “Yeah,” he says, tugging at Castiel’s bottom lip with his teeth. He guides Cas into a seated position as he licks his palm and touches his prick.
“What?” Cas grins.
Stuffing the oil into his sporran, he hastily wraps his tartan around himself, carefully slipping through the castle and down to the stables. He’s halfway there before he’s realized he’s forgotten his shoes, but a look at the moon pushes him forward. Dean will hopefully appreciate his efforts to bathe, even if his feet will be a mess when he arrives.
im not a truther but i think dean and castiel showed up at my work??
Dean rolls his eyes and grumbles about a different kind of coming. “Man, s’not even light out yet.” As Cas moves to get Dean his robe, he’s caught around the waist and pulled between bowed legs. “C’mon,” Dean needles, nuzzling at him until the robe parts. “A little nookie, a couple more hours of sleep… we can go on a date later.”
. He will be married to Dean within the hour.
“Dean, you were
to look at the sun rising, a thing that happens and has happened every single day since the Earth started turning. He did this knowing that neither of them get to sleep like this, or be alone like this, or touch like this—this much and this openly. He doesn’t even know if Dean
“I want to take you on a date.”
“So —”
Dean eyes the set-up outside, turn around and… blushes. Is blushing, down his chest and all the way to the tips of his ears. “So this is, uh—you got up and did all this?”
But the war did end, and by the time it had, Earth had flooded for forty days and forty nights.
“What, we’re not even gonna—”
Jo gags into her yogurt.
“As you wish.”
Privately, he wondered at this; his insatiable curiosity to know all God’s creatures, to fly to the farthest reaches of the Universe—just to see, to know. His passion outmatched that of his siblings, and among the closest of his kin, he became known for it. Though Castiel was not a Watcher, Uriel joked that he may as well have been—but to be teased by his brother was a privilege, and Castiel loved him, too.
There are a series of yelps and
After doing this for almost a year, Dean’s figured out the basics: pay up front, mouth and hands only, extra no rubber, extra to swallow. He still doesn’t know what it is about him that gives him away, though. His mouth? His face? The way he walks? Holds himself?
Cas turns to the screen, eyes wide.
He painted stars across the black, empty skies of his Father’s Universe and imbued joy into each one; closed his eyes and smiled as he nudged Pluto into place. Castiel dipped his wings in the stardust of Saturn’s rings and left behind nebulas of startling colour. He meditated between binary stars. Overwhelmed by the hunger and emptiness of the first black hole, he opened his mouth and sang with it.
Cas swallows everything he has to give.
Then, Dean figured: the bathroom. So many hiding spots in the bathroom. But that was also a bust; Dean shoved the thing in between the emergency pads Charlie kept under the sink… and then Cas made up a basket for the women’s shelter. A couple minutes later and Dean woulda been out an entire paycheck.
Turns back to Dean.
Dean bites his lip, looking down at the dirt. He picks at his shoelace. “Cas,” he says quietly. “He, uh.” Dean stops. Takes a breath. Starts over. “The Russians, they had this huge rivalry with us, right? For years. And they’d always win, they lived and breathed the stuff. Me and Sammy? Our Dad went off the deep-end and thought the world was gonna end; wayfinding and orienteering was just like… life, for us. Fuck, I remember one time, Dad picked me up from school and then left me in the middle of nowhere with a compass and a knife—” Tracy shifts and Dean cuts himself off, suddenly and keenly aware of the camera. He swallows thickly. “…Anyway, he did what he could with the tools he had.
“Y’know, you never actually answered my question,” Dean breathes into the bolt of Cas’s jaw.
Dean laughs, pleased. “Cas, that’s in hours.”
They get herded into another boat soon after, when their exit interviews are done and there’s no more sensationalized bullshit to squeeze out of them. Cas takes the longest, but he climbs onto the boat with a small smile on his face, the thing living up around his eyes as he tiredly clutches at his medal.
“Mm.” Cas throws himself onto the couch, crooking his finger in an imitation of bad porn. Dean flops of top of him with a smirk. “Dean!”
He reaches under the table to hook a finger in Dean’s pocket, taking a bite of his own bread. They rarely act like this anymore: the result of a lifetime together and living in close quarters with family… but it’s nice. He’d forgotten how nice it is. To have his chair pulled closer by Dean’s foot so they’re pressed together from hip to shoulder. To turn and rest his elbow on the table, cheek in hand, and look his fill like the love-addled idiot he is. To be caught in each other’s orbit.
He reaches down with his free hand, giving a sharp inhale when his stitches pull.
There is no moment of thinking about what he wants to do—what he’s allowed; Cas moves without conscious thought, peppering kisses from Dean’s ass all the way to the nape of his neck and then lavishing his attention on his particularly freckled shoulders. “Mmm… smells good.”
Dean almost jump three feet in the air. “Holy
“Duh.”
“Ah, my wings were iridescent black,” Cas murmurs humming when Dean makes his way back for a real kiss. “I have—um,
“Coffee,” Cas mumbles, even as he chases for another kiss.
it,” he grins. “Seriously, this shit is like Cas-specific crack.”
Fuck.
Still panting, Cas moves to pat one of said ass cheeks consolingly.
Cas blushes furiously, hair standing on end as he squirms and shivers. The touch hits his scalp like a thousand tiny sparks zipping down his neck to steal his breath. He whimpers. Dean grins. “It’s like ten times better than any orgasm, because you
Cas flips them. “When will I see you again?”
“I, uh, was a little worried you weren’t coming.”
Dean steps back. “Fuck no, stay away.”
It’s a little much, sometimes—Dean doesn’t need a twink to bring him towels, thank you very much—but it’s nice. It’s nice to have hear the ocean through the open windows and eat breakfast on the balcony and walk on the beach and fuck at all hours of the day and night. Hell, his barring the beach, his wardrobe has pretty much consisted of a clean and dirty hotel-provided robe. Dean took a
Five minutes pass, then ten, then fifteen, and then it’s beginning to look like one of
A couple things happen at once:
Cas narrows his eyes. “Dean, I don’t
Dean hooks his foot around Cas’s ankle. Cas smiles around his spoon.
s before they manage to settle, Dean draped over Cas as if shielding him. It’s more fun to kiss this way, to have a surface to be pressed into and to use as leverage. Castiel pushes off the shoulder of Dean’s tartan as his left hand slips between the man’s kilt and shirt, guiding him in a lazy thrust. Undoing the kilt is easy, as are the hose and garters, and soon Dean is pulling the white shirt up and over his head to be tossed aside with the rest, handfasting cloth falling between them, dutifully ignored in favour of other things.
Jo laughs and Sam pushes at her shoulder. Benny snorts at the both of them. Cas, the nerd, as pretty much fallen asleep against his side.
So, Castiel is not a morning person.
The people are reception had taken Charlie’s magic card and charged the most expensive room in the joint for a whole week. They’d even sincerely congratulated them on getting hitched when Cas had mentioned it. Dean had been… quiet; something about all the wealth made him nervous.
Dean shakes his head and kisses him again, pulling vainly at Cas’s shirt. Between the two of them, they manage to wrestle it off, working on Dean’s until it too falls crumples against the tile. It’s weird, Dean thinks faintly, how much he wants to live in this other person. He helps Cas off his knees and to his feet, until they’re pressed up against the counter kissingkissing
“You gotta relax, baby.”
; it has been the greatest honour and privilege of my life. And I know you don’t like… grand declarations,” Cas says quietly. He forces his eyes upwards, swallowing thickly when Dean meets them, his own wide and unflinching. “So please believe me when I say that this isn’t, to me. And I know I’ve told you all of this before, but we’re not dying, now, and you need to know how thankful I am to even just know you—”
. His brows meet as he pulls Dean’s hand between his own legs. “Please,” he breathes. “
He’s got a crooked, boyish smile despite the fact that there’s the suggestion of silver at his temples, and Dean swallows thickly. Takes a large pull of his drink. Almost chokes when the dude sildes onto the stool bedside him and offers his hand, grin softening into something a little more hesitant, a little sweeter. “I’m Des.”
“Hell yeah, I’m enjoying myself. Are you?”
“Watch your step.”
What kind of bridegroom is late to his own wedding?
sign, every night, some guy came to give them two chocolates and refill the fancy free shit in the minibar.
Solomon 1:2
Dean can barely keep his eyes open now that they’re finally together, but he does his best to dutifully listen to one of the race stories Sam is currently telling him, eyes sluggishly darting to Jo as she interrupts to make corrections. Cas settles into his side and immediately finds his hand. He laces their fingers together and Dean presses a kiss to his scratched up knuckles.
Not people like them.
She nods. “Bye, Dean.”
Cas has never looked at a person and wanted them in the ways most people do, but he can appreciate the look of someone. How they feel. How they taste. Dean is, perhaps, his only exception in this; Castiel has—known desire, with Dean. Not always in the same ways as everyone else, and not all the time, but Cas has known him in every way there is to know a person. He has traced the topography of Dean’s body from head to toe: the hills and valleys of his musculature, the fine-textured hair that peppers a line below his navel, turned coarse at his groin and the fine again on his legs and arms. The swell of his ass, the bow of his legs; the dip of his back and the arch of his foot.
“But you said—”
They have time to re-hash all this stuff again tomorrow. They can go over race stories, talk about what was good, what went wrong… but for now, Dean’s happy to hear the highlights, speeding towards a hot shower and a good meal.
“That’s—that’s just the type of guy Cas is, y’know? He’s just… the best.”
“Dean?” Cas murmurs into the crook of his neck, shifting to press his chest more firmly to Dean’s back. He wriggles his toes into the cool sand.
Dean taped it under a kitchen chair only to have the thing come unstuck and nearly give him a heart attack. He hid it on top of the laundry machine, in a pair of his socks, between the pages of one of his cookbooks—no matter where Dean put the stupid ring, Castiel somehow managed to almost find it.
“I was eating that,” Dean mumbles through a smiley press of lips.
“I’m older than most types of dirt,” Cas says. “It’s a lot to remember.” He pauses, tracing the line of Dean’s clavicle. “I… wasn’t lying when I said you changed me. And everything that came before, all of it, walking along the primordial beach, pushing mountains from the ground, spending time with all things that swam in the sea and walked upon the earth—it’s like they’re half-memories; empty, but given meaning now that I know to appreciate them. That I know how to put feelings to them.”
He knows how this part goes.
Dean reaches forward and plucks the box from Cas’s hands, holding it protectively behind himself. Forget a deer in headlights; Castiel looks like he’s been run over by a fucking Mack truck. That’s fine, as far as Dean’s concerned; no way in hell is Cas giving his ring first. He didn’t put in the
an animal head for every vessel I took.” Dean rolls them over. “The T-Rex was not a scavenger, and they had mating plumage.” Presses sucking kisses to his neck. “I was an advisor to Cleopatra. I waited for Emperor Ai as he cut his sleeve. Brachiosaurs used to sing—”
Dumfounded — though Castiel cannot imagine why — Dean reaches forwarded and grasps the material of his shirt, a smile blooming across his face such that kissing is made incredibly difficult. “Wanted to look
Cas nods. “But first.” He reaches back, feeling around until he finds the cereal box and digs inside it. Moving up on his elbows he accepts Dean’s kiss with a filthy hum, offering up the two rings and a palm full of stray flax seeds. Dean bites his lip, moving back as Cas sits up and takes his left hand, slipping the ring onto his fourth finger. He kisses Dean’s knuckle and shrugs like they both aren’t on the cusp of crying again. “I’m a big believer in vena amoris,” he says.
“I could eat.”
The angels laid siege to Hell for forty years. It was by happenstance that Castiel was the one to find the Righteous Man; twisted and smirking in front of his rack, his soul still shone with the power of a thousand suns.
“I mean, if you want me to order you around…”
But the people of Eden never needed a ruler, and Castiel didn’t need Eden. He has a family made up of wild things, now. One who appreciates his curiosity and concern—one who is curious and concerned about him in return. He has travelled the far flung reaches of the Universe the way he used to lead solo expeditions into the deep, dark corners of the palace library, clamoring for knowledge at its edges.
Dean is herded onto a boat with the race MC. The finish line is already lined with torches, the wooden platform and sign behind it something closer to Survivor than any race Dean’s ever done. It’ll take another twenty minutes for his rag-tag little team to make land, and Dean spends every second of that poised like a prairie dog, his eyes trained on the slowly brightening horizon.
” Dean says.
Dean bites his lip. “Before.”
“Fuckin’ faggot.”
Cas had barely paused before nodding—like Dean’s heart wasn’t pounding double-time. Like this wasn’t a
“No pity,” Des says. “I can put you in a cab.”
“Yeah.”
Cas knows that this is a gamble.
in the entire friggin' world—
Castiel hums around Dean’s cock, dragging a finger through the spit dripping from his balls and tracing down his perineum to press lightly against his hole. Dean keens. “Fuck, I—Cas, I’m gonna—”
“You can’t tell me you’re never disappointed. It’s been eighteen years! Eighteen years of—of failed orgasms and this unresponsive body and you’ve never once wished—”
“Depends. If they were making good time, no nav fuckups, everybody’s healthy… yeah, they should be done the hardest part of this thing.” Dean bites his lip. “But you don’t know, right? They could be lost or hurt o-or hypothermic, or whatever, and we just… don’t know.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “Though I definitely make mention of how pleasing I find you, I thought to save all my explicit compliments for when I could kiss them into your skin. Like, for example, when I tie you up later and eat you out.”
Cas rolls his eyes as he walks past Dean, grinning under his shemagh.
“Don’t you have a ship to
Cas breathes. Puts down his tea. Digs the heels of his hands into his eyes.
“Like this?” Dean voice trembles.
“Dean? We should probably get going if we want to make our reservation.”
“’Sides, you thought I wouldn’t notice your obsession with naked cuddling? Eighteen years, man. You ain’t subtle.”
Cas looks at him, freckles already gathering on his shoulders and the bridge of his nose, ring on his finger, bowed legs and Scooby-Doo boxer-briefs. He reaches out a hand. Wriggles his fingers.
Cas buries his face in Dean’s neck and clutches at his shoulders. “
~ * ~
Dean beams. “That’s the spirit!” He gives Cas’s ass a squeeze and a quick peck on the lips. “One for the road,” he explains.
“But not Castiel.”
Cas shrugs. “I’m not sure. I’ve never stayed anywhere nice before.”
“Dean, give it back!”
“Handfasting first, a-and then…”
“Man,” Dean sighs, stretching out on the pillows. “This honeymoon thing is awesome.”
“You good?”
Dean hums, hands gently cupping Cas’s jaw. Cas’s fingers clutch tight to Dean’s wrists, blue eyes wide and wet as Dean pulls away to rub a thumb over his cheek. “Baby…” he breathes. His own vision is blurring. “I love you.” A beat. “Can—I wanna—”
Jack appears at their side. “Happy new year, Cas!”
, they’d said.
“Yeah, sure.”
Dean grins.
It feels like they stay like that for an hour, but Des eventually steps forward and kisses the corner of his mouth. “Happy new year, Dean.” He sounds sad.
It feels pretty weird to do this with cameras around, so Dean just reaches out and squeezes Cas’s hand. Kisses him on the cheek. But then Castiel wraps his arms around him that Dean feels the waterworks start up all over again. He squeezes back hard, burying his face into Cas’s dirty neck. Presses a kiss there. “Thank you,” he breathes, brows furrowing as he tries to stop his sudden relief from coming out through his eyeballs. “Fuck, just—
“Christ, Castiel…”
They polish off two extra-large pies and a couple of beers on the balcony before going down to the beach with the last two bottles.
Cas narrows his eyes. “I know you.”
. He turns back to the fridge to get a bottle of bubbly and starts filling glasses, handing three to Dean. Dean, with a lopsided tissue paper crown on his head and a face flushed from good beer, doesn’t spill a drop as he makes his way to the Dean Cave.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed as he passed through the door, leaving it open. “Good morning, Dean. I made you breakfast. Your brother went to Eileen’s. He left a note on the kitchen table. He left around eight this morning.” Striding across the room, Cas settled the tray across Dean’s lap, making sure the coffee was directly in front of him. “It’s turkey bacon, eggs, toast, and pancakes.”
“I would hate to appear at an inconvenient moment.” Castiel’s usual way of speaking so straight forward made it hard for Sam to pick up if it was sarcastic. Cas turned, glared pointedly at Dean, then turned back to Sam. Well, that part was certainly obvious, Sam thought to himself.
He didn’t see the way Castiel’s eyes narrowed at his back, and he also missed the determined set of his jaw. Dean did not realize that he had managed to piss off his angel for the third time that day.
Knowing the only company Dean was keeping tonight was himself, another wave of shame coursed through him. The lock clicked open, and there in the box were three items that no one but him knew existed. They were secrets that he could ruin Dean if they ever got out. The tools of his shame that he hated himself for were a sealed bag with a bottle of lube, a plug, and a dildo.
As he set the bags down on the small table, Castiel doubted he and Dean would ‘work their crap out’ as Sam requested, but he was looking forward to time away from the bunker, specifically from everyone and anyone Dean knew.
“Cas, I-” The hunter was really hoping the right words, or any word at all, would follow that but they didn’t. He took a breath and tried again. “I’m sorry. I screwed this up.” He couldn’t defend himself, he couldn’t explain, and he couldn’t say what Cas wanted to hear, but he could apologize. “It’s not fair, and I’m sorry.”
“Like the movies.” Dean repeated dryly. He shook his head but the ghost of a smile was on his lips. “Too many chick flicks, Cas.” The hunter proceeded to pop the turkey bacon into his mouth, his version of an apology. He proceeded to stuff an entire pancake in behind it, then spoke around a full mouth. “Thanf, if goov.”
The happy, relaxed look on Dean disappeared in an instant, and his eyed shuttered. “Cas I don’t think that’s a good idea.” The hurt Castiel felt, the way his heart clenched in pain must have been outwardly project, because Dean swore. “Dammit, Cas. Don’t do that.”
“I thought that something happened to you, or that you left, and I don’t know which one made me feel worse.”
Dean definitely should not have asked. “Shut up.” He wanted to be annoyed with Cas, but instead he was grinning from ear to ear like a fool.
Lucifer.
Cas didn’t reply, and Sam didn’t know what to say, so he cleared his throat loudly. Dean went back to eating, and Cas turned to look out the window. Sam saw the reflection, and Cas looked sad. It didn’t sit right with Sam. He didn’t doubt his big brother was at fault, and that it was probably a misunderstanding that got blown out of proportion. He didn’t pry any more than he already had. All Sam did with that was made it worse. He turned to Dean, who refused to meet his gaze. Sam stomped on his brother’s foot under the table. Dean’s head snapped up, and he glowered at Sam. The younger Winchester inclined his head towards Cas and widened his eyes. This was a conversation he’d had with his big brother so many times that they didn’t need words. ‘Dude. You’re being a dick. Fix it.’ Dean shrugged and rolled his eyes, but he did glance over to Cas and frown. His gaze moved back to Sam and he shrugged again. That meant ‘What the hell do you want me to do?’ followed by ‘no seriously, I have no friggin’ idea what to do.’ Sam put his fork down and held both his hands out towards Dean, palms up. ‘Apologize for whatever you did and stop being a dick, what is wrong with you?’
He’d failed everyone that mattered but Cas. That wasn’t true. He’d failed Cas, too. If it weren’t for him, Cas could have left with the angels. He’d have his wings, he’d be /safe/. He was a mortal now, with no emotional support to rely on, burying himself in any and all pleasures life could offer just to try to deal. If Dean allowed himself to even consider being with Cas like that, he had no doubt that he would lose him completely.
There was no happiness for Dean, not even a stolen moment. Head dropping further, Dean let a few tears come out as the hot water streaming over the back of his head. He was more ashamed of himself than he’d ever been.
His deepest shame was kept as deeply buried as Dean could manage in this hellhole that he called home. Fitting the key to the lock, his heart rate started skyrocketing and his whole body was thrumming with anticipation. It had been years since he’d opened this box. He hadn’t let himself even consider it since that last time. Right after Dean had caved into his weakness, Sam went to Detroit and— No. Nope. NOT THINKING ABOUT THAT RIGHT NOW, WINCHESTER.
Sam rushed into the room, his worry for both his brother and Castiel was plain to see on his face. “Did you hear from Cas? Is he okay?”
Happy Thanksgiving to those that celebrate, happy Thursday to everyone else! Another chapter for you. Sorry it took a few days, but the good news is the next chapter is well underway! I hope you enjoy, it's been a tough week.
“No, I waited until after he was gone to go to the store.” Cas replied. “I’m glad you slept in. It took me multiple attempts to make that breakfast. I have quite a mess to clean up.” What the angel thought would be so daunting to admit to wasn’t anymore. Not when Dean had that smile that crinkled his his eyes while melting Castiel’s heart so thoroughly.
“You wash, I’ll dry. It won’t be so bad.” Dean sipped his coffee, his plate empty by now. One arm slipped around Castiel’s shoulders and it was the easiest thing in the world for the angel to lean into Dean’s side, his head resting on the hunter’s shoulder. A brief kiss was dropped to the top of his head and now it was Castiel’s turn to smile. He tipped his head up at Dean, his wide grin and unrestrained happiness showing. “C’mon, don’t do that. You made breakfast and probably destroyed the kitchen, too. All I did was eat, don’t look at me like I just did something great, Cas.” The words were delivered in a light hearted manner, but Cas could easily see the self-censure there.
Dean skipped paling to white at that and went straight to gray. He was horrified and offended, his mouth hanging open with a forkful of food halfway to his mouth.
Cas waited for more, but Dean didn’t explain any farther. Castiel was neither surprised nor disappointed by it. “Did you bring a bag, Dean? Your suit? A change of clothes, toiletries, pajamas?”
“S-so, you’re staying here and Me and Cas are going?” Dean looked as odd as he sounded, asking for clarification on the very obvious.
It was several minutes later when Dean’s voice interrupted Castiel’s silent musings. “Did you talk to Sam before he left?”
“Because I’m sitting against the wall. If I were to move, you would still have to move to let me out. I’m not using my abilities to switch table sides in a crowded diner.” Castiel’s eyes were narrowed at Dean while he spoke.
Certain that Dean was fast asleep, Cas pressed a kiss to the shell of Dean’s ear and murmured quietly, “I love you, Dean Winchester. I love your beautiful body as much as your beautiful heart and soul.”
Cas couldn’t help from snorting an amused laugh. “Of course, Dean.” He ought to take the opportunity to make fun of Dean. If the positions were reversed, he was certain the hunter would take advantage.Cas didn’t have it in him, though. He was so adorably disheveled, and it made Cas feel needed.
“Uh, Cas? What the hell is that?”
Finale? What finale. 15x19 and 15x20. Never heard of her. This is a bit of a filler chapter. This one shot is really turning into a whole story on me.
SNAP.
;-----;
“Pardon? No, that was Dean. Yes, your brother was cursing at you. No, I don’t know why. Would you like me to ask him, Sam?”
Castiel was in the park, sitting on a bench and contemplating the generically designed flower bed before him. He was just off of a path, but it had been several minutes since anyone had passed. He’d originally come to contemplate the complicated entity that was his relationship with Dean, but all the green made him think of the hunter’s eyes, and now here he was. Cas was mentally scrolling through every plant ever to exist and comparing it to Dean’s eyes.
“Yeah,” Dean murmurs. “There you are.”
“Then we’re good.” Dean wriggles his brows. “You hungry?”
“You’re doing so good, Cas, you’re so good.”
It’s a routine question, and Cas nods, rubbing at his cheekbone with a contented smile.
“S’early.”
Dean grins. “Yeah?” he asks, looking up through his lashes because he’s a dick. “Was it about how hot I am?”
~ * ~
They’re holding hands until they’re not; Cas carefully relieves Dean of his own chain and slips the ring on his finger. He doesn’t look away. Dean doesn’t breathe.
They end up staying at the Ritz
“I was,” Dean says. He drags his fingers up and down Cas’s spine. Settles his hands on his hips. Takes a deep breath for this man who kneels for him, heals him, follows him. Loves him. “Cas, you deserve… man, you deserve so much more than that guy. You really—if I’m bein’ honest, you deserve more than me trying could ever give you, but you chose me, and I’ll spend every damn minute from now until the heat death of the friggin’ universe trying to be deserving of that choice.”
Unfortunately, Dean’s ring is not the only one in there.
,” Dean repeats, thumbing at the back of Cas’s neck. He traces the column of his spine — up-down up-down — reaching forward to gingerly untangle the ties at the large collar of Cas’s shirt. Touching lightly, he presses fingers then a palm to the revealed skin, sliding to his bicep. Untied, the garment falls off his shoulder. “Y’know,” Dean murmurs. “I’d been a little upset we didn’t manage to get your shirt off —” Carefully, he lifts the fabric up and over Cas’s head. Tosses it aside. He traces a line down Castiel’s spine and over his belly, then up along the impression of his ribs, thumb swiping over his nipple until he stops, palm flat, over Castiel’s wildly beating heart. “But this is good, too.”
An angel. Cas feels his heart seize and his wingless back ache, but forces a playful smile to his lips. “You want to hear about dinosaurs and meteors and great cataclysms,” he teases. “I suppose… the beginning was violent, like breaking a bone again and again until it sets right—”
He runs a shaking hand over his mouth and it comes away red with lipstick. The clock reads 12:03am.
“Hey, what the fuck, Hasselhof?”
Dean sees them, four dark smudges in the dim of early morning, before Tracy does. Before she can grasp his knee and say
The girl—Laura, Lisa, something with an L—storms out of the motel room as Dean looks despondently at his dick. It rests against his thigh like it’s taking a nap or some shit, and Dean figures he’s way drunker than he originally thought if he can’t get it up in front of a gorgeous woman. Especially when he—he’s back. Thinking about Hell makes his skin crawl, especially when he’s naked, and Dean pulls the starchy, rough sheet over his bare shoulder and tries to think of the ways different people have touched him. Like they wanted him. Like they didn’t want to hurt him.
Castiel charges at him like they’re children, spluttering when Dean starts to kick up water. Chases him out of the stream and up onto the hill, where he finally catches him about his waist. Uses his momentum to slide his hands under Dean’s thighs and
They entwine their fingers, Cas’s thrust turning quick and sloppy as he bites his lip and furrows his brow. He takes their joined hand and shoves Dean’s head down on his cock, coming with curled toes and a choked-off whimper. Dean doesn’t spare a drop. With Cas boneless, he pulls off and collapses onto his chest, hands still held tight.
“Dean, are you—”
“Christ, it’s fuckin’ freezing.”
“Sweetheart…” He whines. Cas feels himself start to smile. Dean doesn’t use pet names often, and more recently he’s taken to doing so while complaining; as if the verbal confirmation of his affection will bend Cas to his will. It was laughable until it became endearing—because Cas
Dean pulls.
He laughs as he sputters saltwater. He laughs as he holds tight to Dean. He laughs as Dean tries to kiss him. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever been so happy. He honestly isn’t sure he’ll ever be this happy again. They’re alive. They’re safe. They
“Christ, you’re heavy,” Cas grunts.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
“I hate feeling like this,” Castiel mumbles. “I hate wanting to be… normal. There is no normal! Human sexuality is complicated, and complex, and I’ve spent
“Y-Yeah.”
“Obviously,” Dean echoes. He shoves his hands in his pockets. “So, uh, take me on a date, stud.” He looks nervous, Cas thinks, which is ridiculous and relatable all at once. Outside, the rising sun paints swathes of pink and orange across the horizon.
“Uh… yeah,” he counters. “You do.”
“Hey, so uh, what’s with the…” Sam looks pointedly at Dean’s left hand.
Just as smiley, Dean’s free hand is buried in Cas’s hair, the box carelessly dropped onto the floor as bowlegs wrap around his waist. He nods. “Yeah.”
“And you’re upset,” Dean counters. “Feels kinda like we’re at an impasse.”
“So, uh…” Dean bounces his eyebrows like a lecherous old man.
Tanner kisses at the nape of Dean’s neck and strokes his cock. “Happy new year,” he murmurs as he starts to thrust.
His palms skate up to Cas’s ribs until they brush the ring. Cas’s breath hitches. He’s staring; sweet and steady, waiting for Dean’s next move. Always waiting. For the hundredth time, Dean wonders what he did to earn that kind of trust. Carefully, he pulls the chain over Cas’s head and removes the ring. Trails his fingertips along the insides of Cas’s forearms until he’s at his hands. Lifts his left.
“Hey, you good?”
“Yeah.”
Dean is radiant, bathed in moonlight from head to toe; the stuff spills across the plain white shirt hanging off his shoulders and the colours of his tartan, glinting as it kisses his clan pin. Clean-shaven, his hair has been styled and brushed back as if he’s attending some sort of dance or dinner or celebration — a wedding in a church, maybe, instead of the middle of the mountains. Something regular, with all their family as witnesses, and a priest to say the words.
do not eat my cheese!”
They’re close enough for their lips to catch should they speak, though Castiel isn’t certain when that happened. Dean brushes fingertips along his stubbled jaw and Cas presses into the contact. “I was distracted,” he rasps.
Cas is staring at him as he slides back into the booth, and Dean reminds himself that he has nothing to feel guilty about.
“How are you actually the fucking best?” It’s a knee-jerk reaction, one that makes a blush ride high in his cheeks. Moron. “Uh.”
“I don’t really wanna come,” Dean mumbles into the crook of Cas’s neck. “Is that weird?”
“…Cas?”
But his every gasp and groan lights Cas up from the inside out; touching what’s between his legs pales in comparison. And there are different kinds of touches—holding, kissing, hugging—that make his heart race. Carding fingers through his hair makes him shudder and tingle like no orgasm ever could.
Dean bites his lip. “I’m… at the motel across the street.”
“Gabriel kept me at table far longer than I wanted, and then I — I had to bathe and dress and pack.” Dean frowns, but Cas doesn’t let him interrupt, barreling on with his own flushed cheeks. “Of course, that was all in vain because the horse was unsaddled and I forgot my shoes, but… I wanted to look pleasing for you.” He shrugs, toeing the ground. “I only plan on being married the once.”
“Sorry,” he mutters, embarrassed. “Sorry, I can—I can—”
“Yes,” Cas says immediately. Emphatically.
It’s a routine question, one that makes Cas smile as he nods, burying fingers into Dean’s short hair. He hums before pulling back, pecking his mouth once, twice, and grinning at the way Dean tries to follow. The way his fingers skate down Cas’s side to squeeze at his hips, pulling up his shirt and pressing palms to skin. It makes Cas’s blood quicken.
As if on cue, Cas’s stomach growls.
The mattress dips, and Dean holds a steaming mug by Castiel’s elbow, smiling sweetly. A damp washcloth is draped over his right shoulder and Cas forces himself to breathe deeply. Dean only wants to help. Dean wants to take care of him, and even if Cas doesn’t want to be touched right now, it’s worse if he isn’t. He nods, clipped and embarrassed, and reaches out for the tea, opening up so Dean can slot in right beside him. Their legs tangle and Dean nuzzles at the side of his head, pressing kisses to his hair. “Hey,” he murmurs. “…Love you.”
Cas pushes Dean out of harm’s way and meets the Empty head-on. Ready. Proud.
Dean snorts.
“What?” Dean says, his own mouth tugging up into a smile.
Dean’s reaching for him before he realizes what he’s doing, his poorly washed fingers curling around the chain that’s fallen out of his shirt and the ring threaded through it. Cas looks up, startled; his eyes are big and blue against the dirt stubbornly clinging to the right side of his face.
Dean laughs, quickly moving to the put the other ring on Cas’s finger. He presses a kiss to the base of it, moving down to Cas’s palm as he looks guides the hand up and into his hair, trailing kisses down Castiel’s sternum and tickling his ribs and nipping down his treasure trail. “
“Time check!”
“I’m fine,” Cas says. “Go back to sleep.”
“Jerk,” Sam grunts. He pretends to struggle for a minute before settling down against Dean’s shoulder, wrapping an arm around his waist.
Dean slips the thing on as they pad into the main room, his eyes immediately drawn to the food and coffee. He gives a low whistle. “Damn, Cas. We expecting company?”
He grins even as Dean curses him, stumbling around before he finally manages to find his footing.
Dean is going to lose his
Cas feels his heart squeeze. “Dean…”
, Castiel had said, reaching out to touch the hurting thing. Like an injured animal, Dean Winchester shied away, and Castiel felt something within himself, something long-since tightened, unravel.
Cas’s fingers reach out to brush against the line of Dean’s tartan, slung from shoulder to hip in the perfect mirror of his own. “You look beautiful,” he says.
Cas toys with the end of the thin white cloth, looking at Dean intently as the other man stares back. Carefully, freckled fingers pull at Castiel’s own handfasting cloth. Dean groans to see it. “Fuck.” He bites a fervent kiss into the corner of Cas’s mouth. “Um. The stables at half-ten. In the little alcove.”
Dean likes romantic gestures; not all of them—he isn’t the type of man who likes receiving flowers or chocolates or candlelit dinners. But picking up his favourite beer when Cas notices they’re running low, or staying up late to watch a movie despite being exhausted—kissing him, washing his hair, holding his hand, sitting with him while he works on the Impala… wearing women’s lingerie: these are all things Dean appreciates. Small things. Quiet things.
Cas kisses him. “Me, too,” he mumbles, a smile starting in the corner of his mouth as one kiss becomes two then three then four. “My privilege, my honour: the greatest of my life and until the heat death of the universe—I love you, Dean.
Dean pulls away and looks up at Cas, narrowing his eyes. Cas smiles down at him beatifically, running a hand through his hair and tracing the shell of his in the way he knows turns him to putty.
“…Fine,” he eventually breathes out against Dean’s mouth.
Dean only moves when Cas’s palm presses to his lower back. “Breathe,” he murmurs.
“Good looking guy like you? You’ll get another chance.” Des gives him a small smile. “But I think I should get you home tonight.”
Sliding off the mattress, dressed in his too-tight dinosaur pjs, Dean scurries across the hard motel carpet and leans over his brother. When he tries to give him his pacifier, Sam throws it away. Tears stream down his round face and Dean clumsily wipes them away. He smells Sammy’s diaper and goes to warm up his bottle. He has to push a chair in front of the microwave to reach it.
Cas melts like ice cream on hot concrete.
Dean continues to grumble to himself as he slides out of bed and towards his duffle, frowning when Cas catches his hand. “No need to get dressed.”
“…You’re lucky I love you.”
He’d been really cute, too, Dean remembers thinking. With a wilting bouquet of shitty flowers and a pressed shirt and looking lost and nervous and freaked. His family had disowned him and he’d just sat in the hospital, waiting.
“After breakfast, Dean. Just come. Please.”
Castiel knows he’s late.
Castiel watched, despaired, at how the world had changed while he’d been gone. At the violence. The despair. By the time Moses was desperately hidden in a basket and pushed downriver, Castiel turned away from Earth and refused to look upon it again, heartbroken; so much had changed since he’d flown carefree among newborn stars.
He hears her re-adjusting—shift the camera on her shoulder, get a little comfier. Dean rolls his eyes. He’s not an idiot; he knows that their team has a helluva story: the rivalry between them and the Russians, his untimely med-evac, the love story that followed… they’re the favourites and they’ve been first to every camp so far, but Dean knows that means fuck all. One nav error and you’ve lost time, one misstep and you twisted your ankle. People are tired; they get hurt, make dumb fuckin’ decisions, and all it takes is one mistake to get heli’d out to the nearest hospital.
Tracy narrows her eyes at this, but lets it go. “And what about when he told you he wanted to do Eco-Challenge again? Must’ve been a shock.”
Dean doesn’t tell her that it was Sam’s idea. He doesn’t say that he almost had a heart attack, or that he and Cas almost broke up because Cas stood with Sam. He doesn’t say that he begged them not to go where we couldn’t follow—because he couldn’t, not with all the complications that one stupid swim cost his health. Instead, Dean turns back to the road and shrugs. “Took me a while to come around, but I did, eventually. This sport… the highs are astronomical, but the lows can leave you near six feet under. You have to be insane to do it.” He curls his fingers into the leg of his damp pants. “But my team is smart, and seasoned, and they trust each other and I trust them. They’re gonna be fine,” Dean says, repeating the last to himself under his breath.
“But this is…”
“Hey, Sammy.”
“We should, if you’re enjoying myself.”
Castiel was one of three called upon to slay every Egyptian first born. He was told to take a vessel and protect a boy named David. He’d heard rumours of the Father’s son—born to a human woman named Mary—and grief and joy echoed across Heaven upon Christ’s death at the hands of the Romans. Castiel remained steadfast throughout—dutiful, loyal, with a love for all things humming a baseline in the depths of his heart. He was devotion incarnate; the Father’s will was good and righteous, and he wielded his first children as instruments of love and light. If he couldn’t see the plan right now, it was because he merely did not understand it. Besides, understanding was beyond his purview. Castiel’s only purpose was love of the highest order. Steadfast. Absolute.
“Can I…?”
“Nothing’s going to hap—
“So when did you start dating?”
And so, in a concrete room under the ground, Cas speaks his own truth. He pulls the words from deep within his own heart and lays himself bare not because he must, but because there is strength in it. Happiness in it. Because it is a privilege and an honor and this vulnerability, too, is sacred. For the first time in all the eons of history, an angel confesses to a human man—not because he has doubts, but because he is
and then—
He takes a while to warm up, he knows; it’s part of the reason he’s done this with very few people outside of Dean. He burns slow if he burns at all, doesn’t make the right noises, is too preoccupied with the other person than what’s being done to himself. “Dean,” Cas murmurs, trailing kisses down his neck and tugging at his shirt. “You’re still dressed.”
Dean knows Cas can carry him; he knows because he’s lost count of how many times he’s been manhandled up against a wall, or onto a counter, or, half-sleep, carried to bed. Cas likes manhandling him, and Dean likes being manhandled—but after six days of little food and less sleep, Castiel goes down in the water like a rock, the weight of Dean’s body throwing them both into the drink as he hurls himself forward.
He leans in for a kiss.
“I don’t understand.”
They tumble into the grass soon after.
Dean’s heart seizes. “Sam, now.”
“You get me a present, handsome?”
“How about…” Teeth nip at Dean’s right asscheek. Dean bites his lip. “I help you relax?”
, ring, he reminds himself. It’s more like a… love ring. Cas’s views about
And he’d laid a hand upon the soul of the Righteous Man.
“No! There’s—I mean—hey, quit it—”
“Like…” Dean’s fingers move to play with Cas’s own, his cheeks ruddy and red. “Where did you go? What did you see?” He bites his lip, brow furrowed as he forces his gaze up. Cas meets his eyes earnestly. “You pulled me from hell, man, but… I don’t know anything about you before that.”
He moves down to his neck, finds the place there that makes his toes curl, and Dean’s head finally thunks against the wall—eyes closing, bottom lip sucked between his teeth. He swallows a quiet, happy sound and feels himself relax. Allows himself to wrap his arms around Des’s shoulders, to bury a hand in his hair.
“Good. Drink your damn coffee.”
Dean hums. “I’ve heard that’s an easy thing, to be distracted in a marriage bed.” His voice has gone soft and sweet. It sounds like it comes from very far away.
Castiel calls for room service.
Dean swallows thickly. “Y’know… I—I don’t need a speech. I mean, I love that you wrote one, and I want to hear it, but I don’t—I don’t need a big show in front of our friends and family. I like this being just us.”
Des nods to his almost empty drink. “You want another?”
He understands, now.
It is not wrong.
“Yeah.”
He’s pissed, but prioritizes a shower over breaking in Dean’s teeth which is—great. Dean grabs his jacket and the keys and books it. He was dumb enough to agree to the party in the first place—they gotta be back by the time Dad’s outta the shower.
“I thought it was porcelain,” Cas says lightly. “I got you a pitcher.”
Dean frowns. Struggles to open his eyes. “Y’okay?”
Now, Cas has known heartbreak and elation. He has known despair and joy. And he understands that all of that—the good, the bad, the ugly—all of it is love. That love is not steadfast in itself, but a riot of emotion, and it is the ability to remain steadfast in
“So?” Dean shrugs him off, grabs their beers. “It was a kiss. ’Sides, ain’t like me n' Cas are together. That'd be—” He sakes his head.
It’s almost a relief that it’s over with—usually, Dean’d have wait until Dad’s a couple bottles in before getting smacked for his incompetence. He screwed the pooch majorly this time, though; they couldn’t save the victims before they ganked the monster, Sam almost friggin’ bit it—and all because of Dean’s stupid mistake.
Castiel wonders, often, if his blue blood is not just as tainted… for only a wild thing groomed to tame a wild people would flee. And flee he did. The ship was called
Cas’s mouth is half open and they knock teeth, but they’re old pros by now, and for a second the cheering and the Dollar Tree poppers and noisemakers drown out the sounds of their family and it’s… a kiss. A good kiss. A
, Dean thinks fiercely.
It’s Sam’s, so neither of them touch it, and it’s shoved so far back into the cupboard that Dean has to climb onto the counter to reach it. Between the stupid ring stuff and the virus, he’s been living on the knife’s edge of anxiety for so long that he almost hopes the motherfucker finds it.
“Yeah. I’m—”
“What your fucking language, Barbie.”
And so Castiel was steadfast. Castiel was absolute.
,” Cas breathes.
He pulls up his pants and leaves.
“Fuck it, I want the most expensive joint in a 25-mile radius. I want pamphlets advertising couples massages that cost more than a month’s worth of gas, and then I wanna
Cas knows Dean’s body as if it were his own; he’s mapped every dip and curve as thoroughly as he would any unknown system—and he has known immeasurable pleasure in doing so. Dean’s brows furrow and he bites his lip, his body bowed in a perfect, flushed arc. He’s freckled and golden and bathed in starlight; more suited to the immortal beauty of a deity than a fallible interstellar rebel. He looks at Cas like he’s the most important thing from here to the Seventh System.
—were the first time I truly felt splendour. I had never seen a soul shine through a face, like that. And we had been taught obedience above all, but God had surely
And just like that, they were engaged.
God, he loves these people.
Cas feels colour rise to his own cheeks. “I didn’t cook,” he says. “Obviously.”
“That’s it.”
Des shrugs, pulling a small packet of tissues from his pocket. He wipes Dean’s mouth and kisses his temple. “It happens.”
He nods. “Later.”
When he finally presses a kiss to Cas’s mouth, he keeps it light despite the fact that Cas wants to be swapping saliva. Dean grins at his groan of frustration, moving to press all six feet of Castiel into the pillows.
~ * ~
“Uh. Um. Yeah—I mean. Yes. Please.”
,” Cas vows in return.
Sam gets to him first, because of course he does; almost bowling Dean over as he gives him a huge hug and big kiss on the cheek. He smells like ass and wet dog, but Dean holds him fiercely, grinning big and wide as he gets tackled from three more sides. “Jesus, okay, I get it!” Dean says, quickly wiping away the tears at the corners of his eyes. “Y’all stink, c’mon.”
“Hey, Casanova.”
Dean shrugs. Even in the dim, the blush is visible in his cheeks. “Nice weather for a wedding.”
“God, you’re such a weirdo,” Dean grins. “C’mon.”
“We have.”
Cas kisses him like they’re the last two people on Earth—or he would’ve, if he weren’t smiling so big. Flax cereal crunching underfoot, he presses Dean up against the counter before heaving him onto the thing, hands running up and down his thighs, to his ass, up his torso before their fingers tangle and he starts the circuit all over again. “Dean,” he breathes. “You—I—”
Dean huffs a laugh at Cas’s rueful smile. Tilts his head for more kisses as Castiel’s fingers tug at the knots around their hands. The scraps of fabric fall away easily, and it’s a selfish, jealous thing inside of him that stuffs his strip into Dean’s shirt, right above his heart. They will not wear fede rings, but Dean will have this reminder of their joining. He will have…
“Okay, Dean, you need to concentrate on breathing. You know the deal, in through your nose, out through your mouth, long deep breaths, come on!”
“Oh God, I’m sorry, I’m sorry!”
Eventually, he had finished all his tasks and he knew, he really should go upstairs, as Alastair was waiting for him. The familiar feeling of dread and terror began to pool in the pit of his stomach, and he hated himself for his weakness.
Castiel wanted to know but he would have to leave that topic for later. Now he needed to convince Dean to stay here instead of returning to his vicious husband once more. He would have to be extra careful in his approach.
He stared at her and he forced himself not to tower over her. He didn’t want to frighten her, he just needed some answers.
It was useless.
“We’ve always wanted a dog, too, right Dean?” Alastair said. “But there’s so little time, you know? I’m the Chief of police here in Medford. I just started a month ago but there’s much to do.”
“Can I ask you something?”
It was Alastair.
The time with them had been wonderful. They had made the best of it, exploring everything the town of Medford had to offer. They had been swimming, hiking, having picnics in the woods, had visited a few farms in the area to buy some local products, stroke baby lambs and coo at tiny kittens. The weather had been perfect all week and they all had been relaxed and carefree. The sore subject of his father never came up again.
“Dean, I …..” He didn’t know what to say. He felt a little lost, as if he had already lost the argument they didn’t really have, as if he were working against a greater power, one he had no strategy against. No chance of winning this fight.
He sighed, nodding absently when his mother asked him if he thought that they should have a buffet rather than a set menu at the wedding. He really needed to pay more attention to his family. He so rarely got the chance to see them and now he was sitting here, not even listening to them. It was disrespectful and inconsiderate.
“And will you promise me something, too, Dean?”
Suddenly there was a hand in his hair, and he couldn’t help but cry out as he was pulled upwards in a cruel grip.
At first, he didn’t see Alastair, which only added to the tension in Dean’s body. Guitar case strapped around his shoulder, Dean turned and let his eyes roam over the small crowd still scattered in front of the gym. He finally spotted his husband. He was standing a few meters away, his back to the other people. He seemed to be staring at the wheat field in front of him, frozen in a motionless posture. He appeared relaxed, standing there like that, with his hands in his pockets, but Dean knew that his husband was anything but relaxed. Even from behind Dean could tell that his husband was thinking about something. Something that made him brood and that was not exactly a good thing.
, he told himself over and over again.
Dean stopped, hesitated. He knew he didn’t want to go over there and join his husband in the mindset that he seemed to be in. He also knew that he shouldn’t waste any more time standing here, letting the minutes go to waste, because Alastair was waiting for him. Alastair hated to be kept waiting and he knew that Dean knew that very well.
He had failed Dean.
He knew it was dangerous to ask this now, but he just couldn’t stop himself.
“No. Please stay.”
The fingers encircled his throat once again and at first, they were only teasing the soft vulnerable flesh beneath, making a rubbing notion around his throat without applying pressure. Dean closed his mouth although he was already having trouble breathing but he knew he couldn’t allow himself to lose control now.
“Alright, I’m going to touch you now, “he said soothingly, and he cautiously offered the dog his hand, smiling when it began licking at it at once, its tail wagging timidly.
“Well, if you do have a concussion, it’s only a mild one. You’re right, you haven’t passed out and your eyes are reacting as they should. However, I’m worried about the vomiting and you’ll never know if there isn’t any swelling in the brain without a head scan.”
