Dean coughed and looked down at his feet. He shifted his weight. Castiel closed his eyes slowly, a habit he’d ironically picked up from Dean, a way of stealing himself for what was coming. Fingers pulled at the bag of peas and he let go slowly, allowing Dean to take them from him. Dean tossed a handful of peas out into the water. They were quickly set on by piles of feathers.
Sitting up was an out of body experience where every nerve tingled, and he felt at home in his skin. Jimmy Novak had always felt a little too big for him. There always seemed to be an inch of space that he couldn’t seem to fill no matter how hard he tried. The closest he came to it was whenever he was with Dean. Every brush of knuckles over coffee, the rough scrape of stubble when they hugged made his heart swell and his shoulders stand up a tad straighter. The way the room just shifted slightly when Dean walked into the room, settling down into an unmistakable feeling of
He finally tugged Castiel’s pants down and felt the burning hot wood slick and slippery at his stomach. It made Dean gasp, and that’s when Castiel just delved his tongue right into his open mouth with a primal groan. Thrusting his cock against Dean’s stomach and squeezing at Dean’s hips to pull him closer against every motion.
” Crowley said and stretched his arms out as to gesture a warm welcome. Then he folded them, thumb under his chin and his index finger brushing against his stubbled moustache. Wondering, or at least pretending to. “Hmm… Does Sam
“Dean
Dean sat up, rubbing the soreness of his brows as if he had been frowning the whole night. Of course, he didn’t know that he actually had done that very thing. Just as he didn’t know that the sting in his wrist was from slamming his fist on the nightstand asleep, trying to shove the thoughts that Cain shoved down into his consciousness back in the damn closet. A closet he entirely denied having but at the same time knew should be kept close and locked away for all eternity.
, and then to the interior of the room again, everything was so very Dean. The shelves were decorated with hunter’s equipment. A muddy old axe, a crucifix… A vampire’s tooth amongst other peculiarities that the work provided and craved. At the bedstand a photograph of him, Mary, John and Sam which now caught his attention. Castiel walked over and reached out to pick the photo up. They looked like a happy family.
to a more familiar Cas... But slowly turning back to
If he knew how to turn off the sound he wouldn’t have to wake up and remember that his reality hadn’t been a dream, and he wouldn’t have to feel like a pathetic coward, hiding away at an old and murky motel room, surviving on cheese doodles and potato ships from the vending machine outside whenever he felt his stomach growl. Buying food and water was the only time he would get off his bed, if not to take a whiz or a shit whenever that need did occur. That was one of the cons of human needs, and he absolutely despised it.
Everything was black. But It was not hell, heaven, or purgatory.
“That is true.”
It was so dirty.
“Maybe the other Castiels are helping him out right now,” Dean said.
“Good,” Dean said.
. You know you don’t have to shout ‘popcorn.’ All you have to do is concentrate and Heaven will provide.”
“Would you?” Castiel asked.
Until one day, John was home. Dean didn’t know how the topic of conversation got where it did, but one moment he was fine and the next he felt like he was dying all over again.
“Yeah, you do.”
Castiel spoke harshly. “I sacrificed my life for yours, and
Sam snickered. “How did that go?”
“Look who the cat dragged in,” Ellen said.
In his own piece of Heaven, Dean awoke from a long rest to a knock at his door. He rubbed his eyes, swept a hand through his hair, and wandered over, still in pajamas.
Then, one line broke him in a way no Taylor Swift song should have been able.
“You really think there’s nothing there, though?”
“I’m sorry. If I hadn’t—”
“Maybe. Everyone gets one, though, so here.” He handed Castiel his half-full glass, while he took a swig from the bottle.
Mary looked into Dean’s eyes. “I’m so sorry.”
Dean rolled away, unable to face him.
“Yeah. Because.”
“You really haven’t heard from him, have you?”
. It was no one’s fault. I want you to grasp that things can go wrong and it not be anyone’s fault. That’s life. All we can do is work with what’s already happened and try to do better.”
“I can’t. I’m responsible for—”
“So what have you been up to?” Sam asked.
Dean looked over at his angel, handling a frame full of bees with care. “Actually, we’re a little busy right now.”
Dean chuckled. “Well, most angels are dicks, so…”
“Love?” Dean shook his head. “I don’t know. Maybe—”
Dean leaned over the side of his chair, still nauseated. “Look at me.”
In the distance, there was a siren.
Castiel glowered at him from the bed.
“Twirl, Cas.”
“So what do you want to do now?” he asked.
“I wasn’t listening,” Dean mumbled into Sam’s shoulder.
“I don’t think that’s how it’s supposed to work, but maybe?”
“...If this works out, you can say God is your father-in-law.”
When nothing happened, Dean added, “Please.”
“Either way, the plan is irrelevant. You were here before we’d even finished.”
“And how old did Sam live to be?”
Sounds always echoed in the bunker. At first, Dean thought the noise was coming from Jack’s old room. Then he thought it was the kitchen. Both places were empty, as usual. He stormed down the corridor toward Sam’s room to give that a look—
Dean blinked a few times. “Shuffleboard?”
Castiel gripped John’s arm, and they both disappeared.
Dean ignored that and continued listing positives. “—You in something other than a trenchcoat.”
Dean pulled away from Bobby. “Yeah, kinda.”
Sam set his fork down and stared at his brother. “Do you even know what a hate crime is?”
“Who?”
“There’s
“Anything you want,” Mary said.
“Because.”
Castiel smiled. “Of course. I’m guessing you know a way out?”
“Why?”
On Naomi’s direction, angel radio blasted him again. Every angel at Naomi’s command screamed into his mind. He was worthless. Useless. An abomination. He’d ruined Heaven. He’d ruined their lives. He ruined everything. They screamed it and screamed it.
Castiel squinted. “I don’t understand.”
“So you were saying...?” Castiel asked.
“Yeah. You’re doing it right,” Dean said. “I’m just thinking.” He already knew his answer, but it seemed so damn pathetic. It wasn’t his father. John Winchester couldn’t do a damn thing to him here. But he knew someone else could hurt him, deeply.
Dean shook his head. “You are
“But you guys get to do things that are bad ideas,” Jack said.
Sam raised his voice and shook his brother’s arm a little. “
, I wouldn’t have tried to get you to visit them.” Sam’s brow furrowed. “I wanted to cut dad some slack because I know I messed up sometimes with Dean… Then I got a little carried away with the grandkids and…”
.. your moans as well. Everything so irresistible to me,
Yes, a whole day had almost passed.
“Bloody- you really are a toddler…the other side!” He barked and waited impatiently for the spot to finally be wiped away. Dean abided, because else it looked as if Crowley was ready to pop out his handkerchief and do the job for him –
Maybe he had merged fully with the darkness and the empty, cursed to be a lone soul that simply existed in nothing, being embraced by the cold of black.
Instead of the satisfaction of hitting his target, Cas felt his hand being gripped and swung around by the demon, suddenly being choked in a head lock from behind. He tried to tug at Crowley’s arms to halt them, but the Demon kept them in motion as he delivered well aimed punches into Castiel's chest and ribs. He couldn’t even gurgle up a grunt from the beatings, could only kick back with his feet blindly.
Dean clasped his lips around the woman’s, letting his senses be conquered by her. The taste of strawberries from her lip calming him down like a warm embrace. Gripping at her thighs, at her stomach, taking in all of her. Letting himself belong to her just for the tiniest while, to sooth him. He didn’t want to be left alone again, not with this emotional turmoil. He needed her, for the same reason why he needed so many other of his mistresses. He needed to be vulnerable with someone and this was the only time he could allow it to be voiced. The yearning of being held and swayed which the boy within his heart cried for so often, always when he was alone, felt so alone. In this petty act of fucking - he satiated that need. It was the only thing he knew that would ease his internal seclusion, so dark and depressed.
“I understand.” Castiel said and looked down at everything splayed open on the table. It must have taken him many hours and days to achieve this level of research. Sam had every reason to feel this way. No matter how happy Cas had been to hear Dean’s voice, it would’ve been more logical if it had been Sam getting the phone call, and better for Sam’s sake.
bothered him on a nipples-perking-up level. With a mental resignation and a growled curse, he didn’t wave away Cas’s hands this time. It was no use. The angel would keep coming back and touch him anyway…And if he lets him, he won’t be startled by it anymore.
expanding in slow pulsating rhythms inside him, sending vibrations all the way from down the root of his dick into the tip as his muscle was gradually stretched.
The night progressed, and the more intoxicated Dean got by both alcohol and demonic numbness, the more fun he allowed himself to have. No longer a worry wart. The king and knight of hell devoured more than a bottle each of whiskey and gambled themselves rich at the poker table, leaving gloomy men the fate of an early night.
“CAS!” He exclaimed, probably blushing the same shade as a Danish hot dog.
They reached the front door, and Sam gave him a grin before he opened it, eyes daring in a way that made Castiel feel as if Sam knew something he didn’t.
Castiel grappled at his back, relief written all over his face plus all the emotions that Dean had wanted to see before. He was held again, and Cas kissed him back as sweetly as yesterday. Except they weren't under the influence of a spell, but somehow this felt much better, more real.
. “W-we shouldn’t-!” The angel stuttered and basically hyperventilated as he kept humping his hard dick against Deans’ through the duvet. “This is- ah! A cherub- I angered a cherub!” Dean clawed at Castiel’s hips and met his thrusts with his own, driving the angel more and more crazy. “W-we must find him, or else this won’t,
He took the sheet of the bed and dusted it off along with the pillows before climbing in, settling down underneath the duvet. The fabric smelt old like everything else inside, being untouched for so long. But he focused more so on the smell of his own clothing. Dean’s led zeppelin t-shirt which he had been lent by Sam were comfortingly close to his nose. He let the scent fill his senses and soon found that it was relaxing and made him feel at peace, allowing himself to feel sleepy. The only thing uncomfortable was the Walkman that he still had in his pocket, digging into his hip.
Disgusting.
Family. Hearing that made Castiel feel a sudden warmth in his chest, even earing Sam a small smile - genuine this time - before he turned around again to venture into the corridors.
Some things never change.
God, heaven, order, and peace.
Cas’s lower lip tucked between his front teeth as he bit down on a moan. Seeing him press his head back at the pillow like that; throat exposed and body so willing had Dean dizzy with lust.
he had tried to say with a cough before trying again, throat still feeling dry. “Hi Cas…
Castiel hugged him tightly and aggressively, senses all cloaked and just fucking into Dean on full throttle. And damn did it hurt despite Castiel’s mojo warming Dean’s ass up
There it was. The ‘Please, Dean come home. It’s not too late’.
“Right, cherubs they uh… they have…
what Cas was doing. Anything else than the former revelation that wasn’t entirely new. He had gotten carried away. Complete blow out carried away.
when growing up. John hadn’t exactly been the greatest role-model or father for that matter. So, if Sam was being a bitch- Dean wanted to pull his Rapunzel hair.
“Cas that’s- why would I be angry about that? That’s amazing!” Sam radiated but soon stopped when Castiel adverted his gaze again. “…Why isn’t he here?”
“I have- no, we all have done things.
He took a deep breath. “I could help...”  He squeezed out. Now he’s done it, no turning back now.
Maybe, just maybe that was all he needed. Blood. To see twisted minds bleed and squirm as punishment for his injustice. A punishment for what has been denied him. How he wasn’t allowed to indulge in listening to
Castiel observed Sam slowly placing his beer bottle down on the table with his eyes locked on the computer screen. His formerly happy appearance had turned into an evident frown on his forehead which had Castiel worried. He hadn’t meant for him to get upset but understood that it was inevitable. Although, he didn’t know how Sam would react to this, whether he would be thrilled or angry. He seemed to be neither of them however, just plain sad.
“Of course, love. ” Crowley shrugged and exited the room.
Cas’s cheeks turned pink again as he saw Dean’s dick between the spaces of his fingers when he had spread them apart. Blinking at it a few seconds before turning his gaze up into Dean’s eyes.
“Cheers Bobby.” He said and raised the bottle in the air, into the empty room and took a few swigs. He leaned backwards on the unmade bed, pillows propping up his back against the wall. Fingers tapping on the outside of his pockets where his new phone was. Wondering what Bobby's soul was doing… and what Sam was doing, perhaps even what Crowley was doing – and
Castiel squeezed his thigs to remind him as much as to eager him. “
Cas didn’t wince, didn’t even think of the wet blood running down from his mouth, didn’t even sense how his taste buds were tainted with copper. It hurt, but Castiel only steadied his grip and stood his ground like an anchor. He was superior to this abomination, that he had let Crowley believe otherwise before was not a luxury he would continue to provide.
Dean blinked at Sam, then he glanced over his shoulder to Cas who stared at him in his usual manner. Dean squinted at him, and Cas shrugged a
” He asked pointing towards the man’s lungs. Dean didn’t follow his finger. He couldn’t look at it anymore. This whole shit made him feel nauseous and Crowley’s fascination didn’t exactly make things any better.
He didn’t even know he was thinking about it.
"Gay?? Come on Dean, kissing a dude doesn’t automatically make you
.” Crowley smirked.
Meanwhile Dean’s inner conflict distracted him, the angel scooted himself closer and closer with flared nostrils, appearing pleased and content. “
“You honestly think I drove 13 hours from Kansas here just to give up and leave you alone? You know that’s not going to happen, Cas.” He said with a hint of frustration in between the pleading. Cas found himself mute again, simply just shifting himself into a sitting position where only the sound of his grunt and the rustling of plastic answered Sam.
“You made a promise, Cas.” Dean said with a dark and bitter voice which sent panic through Castiel’s mind, causing him to snap back his gaze at the Winchester. It was the same hurt he had heard from their phone call.
(Making Dean feel safe.)
But somehow that started to change, seeing the crimson blush spreading on Castiel’s face.
“N-no,” Sam gurgle burped, but Cas didn’t react to the nasty sound. “I can deal with it, gotta save the grace Cas, it’s fine.” He spat down into the bin and struggled not to give in to his gagging. Talking clearly made it worse which was probably the oxygen enhancing the foul taste in his mouth.
But he said it.
kind of sigh. The angel was giving him a neglected pout, like a dog being refused a treat by the kitchen table. While that look itself planted bothersome images in Dean’s mind on how to get Cas a
“You feeling ok, Dean?” His brother asked.
But as he let himself fully enjoy his walk he found that he wasn’t as alone as he initially thought.
Now it seemed so distance all of a sudden. So hurtful that he in one way wished he never would have gotten himself involved with them. The bond he felt towards Dean felt cruel, so insufferable cruel, like a snare around his throat. A snare that was suffocating the life out of him and replacing it with stones so heavy that he wanted to lie down and never get up again.
The touch was uncomfortable to Castiel, just as uncomfortable as the deep tone in Sam’s kind voice. Cas wasn’t used to the feel of strong emotions activating areas of his brain that before partly laid dormant, not in others or himself. But soon the gentle hand on his shoulder began to feel weirdly okay and caring.
Dean screamed, jolting awake at the satin of his hotel bed. Sweat was pearling at his temples and made him feel more stickier and gross than he was moments ago, trapped in his lucid unconscious once more. It had been another sleep where he couldn’t shake off the feeling Cain tried to force feed into his mind about his best friend. Every time he fell asleep at night he’d wake up dreaming about it, how absolutely fucked up he had felt a few nights ago when his mind went loco after hearing that Crowley had gone after the first blade. How he had met with Castiel. The fury Dean had felt was sickening, twisted and wrong- like a possessive serial killer wanting to protect what’s
Dean couldn’t help but to grin, because there it was again, the welcomed muffle on his emotions. Just the feeling of the blade pressing, the freeing tension of his skin opening but no pain. The most delicious drug that only left him with a thrilling want and a salivating mouth. Fuck Sam, fuck John, fuck everything about their name and of course, last but not least; fuck the double C’s pestering his mind! Cas and Cain. Boy did that feel like a weight of his shoulder.
‘til the dawn of time for all we know.”
Dean cursed to himself as he realized that he was naked again, eying at the fabrics sticking out the open bag. Crowley patted him on the shoulder, walking past to actually give him some privacy before Dean snatched the bag to dress. He was always the tricky sort, Crowley. Either a douche or not-the-worst-douche, that’s as far as Dean would stretch. Still the pat wasn’t welcome and left a disgusting tingle against his skin, but the clothes was more than well met. It was freezing cold as spring hadn’t quite reached its full potential yet.
Of course, that was merely an excuse to be around the lingering energies of Dean.
“Will you shut up? I told you I’d fuckin’ deal with it,
Everything around him felt melancholic and gray. The forest endless as he wandered past the deep green pine trees, almost as endless as the dream he had just experienced. It was difficult to figure out if it was early morning or bordering to dusk because the large shadows that were cast from the thick vegetation of trees. The sky was cloudy as well, as if it would soon be pouring down with rain, something he could smell in the air. He couldn’t even hear cars in the distance- only birds chirping at each other in the trees.
“I-uh… Raymond Babbit, the alias Dean gave you? Charlie helped as well with the um… tracking of your cellphone and computer stuff.” Sam said hesitantly. Cas could see on the shadow cast from him that he was scratching the back of his head.
Then he did the freaking thing out of the blue.
“I want it. I want you,” Dean mumbled through their kissing before burrowing his nose behind Castiel’s ear to smell his musk. Whispering his name “Castiel,” against the fold.
He observed himself with no specific emotion, but then an article in the woman’s magazines suddenly popped up in his mind,
With a deep grunt he pulled the device out and eyed it for a second, running his fingers over the buttons again and pressing at them with a curiosity. The one button made it open with a flick that startled him, revealing a tape inscribed with ‘
“I’m sorry Sam.” Castiel whispered quietly before taking one last glance at the empty bed, then he closed his eyes to think of Dean until he could feel a gust of wind on his face.
Castiel blinked in confusion and followed Dean’s gaze to his own crotch, then up to Dean again who hadn’t stopped staring. He closed his trench coat in terms of modesty which snapped Dean away from staring. “I… Thank you. This game has been highly educational. I’ll see myself to the bathroom, good night.” Cas said without thinking about how weird it sounded, coming from an angel who doesn’t have any need for using a toilette.
“The only interest I have is locating and bringing him with me. Not to idle with you. Again, where is he?” His patient started to diminish at Crowley’s ridicule. Sure, he couldn’t kill him, but that didn’t mean that he would let him slither his way out of this situation unharmed. The price of humiliation and disrespect was piling up and filling to the brim and he would make sure the payment would be satisfied.
“Ah, right… So, you’re a dirty angel?” Dean asked with a lustful smirk. He knew Castiel wouldn’t get the hint that he was sex-talking him, he was too literal.
“Cas…” Sam stuttered in his empathic voice, as if Cas was a fragile and scared little doe, nothing like the celestial being he should appear as. It annoyed him in that sense.
“Yes. Although, he couldn’t decide on whether I should squirt, cream or milk the shampoo out of the bottle…” Dean had looked red to his face at that time. Stuttering on his choice of words. In fact, Sam looked equally disturbed at this very moment.
“Cas, seriously man. We-“ Dean coughed and then lowered his voice despite everyone else being asleep in their rooms far away from here. “We gotta talk about whatever the hell that was back there before it blows up into something weird. L-like it don’t have to be.. I mean. Shit happens.”
It was an endless darkness with no dimension. There was no shadow or light to cast any shapes, not even of the tiniest particle of dust. The only thing there was Dean, perplexed at the sensation of not feeling anything at all except his own mind- simply existing there in the space. He couldn’t tell if he fell, stayed afloat or just simply stood up. Because there was not even wind in this empty void. No cold air would fill his lungs when he breathed.
“So..? What does it mean?” Sam inquired, leaning in just a little closer to Castiel as if wanting in on the good gossips at the school cafeteria.
“So… Montana?” Sam asked. The question seemed irrelevant to Castiel, but he figured small talk was in Sam’s nature.
“It’s all fine Cas. Hell, I’m a little dirty myself right now too.” Oh, if Cas only knew - Dean thought as he pulled his cock out from his underwear to pump it, slowly but firm. Thinking of all the ways he could make the angel messy. How he’d tongue trails of saliva on his body, how he’d have him sweat so much that his dark hair would stick to his forehead, how he’d dazzle his chest with a streaks of come and claim him as his own.
He flipped his bedsheet cover open in a rush to just get out of that area where he had felt so uncomfortable. The cold air hitting at his sweat only made him feel grosser, realizing that the sweat wasn’t just at his temples but everywhere on his body, sticky and cold to the fabric of the bed. He had to wash himself off, scrub himself clean and then scrub himself some more, because this
“…Y-you back?” Dean asked carefully and afraid of the answer, hoping that neither him nor Castiel would be driven insane again by lewd salaciousness. He was so tired, and his cock was aching.
“Impressively quick, how fast you boys can jump into a new outfit. A merit attained from papa Winchester, no doubt.”
Damn- I'm sorry I put a Cas POV here.
One moment ago, Dean found himself knocked out as Castiel force-landed on top of him out of the blue.
Sam stopped packing and turned around to face him. Castiel could see the same frown that the Winchester had been shown this morning, the ever so knowing frown of concern that Sam often had.
. The stutter, so delicious and filled with guilt. It was so beautiful and arousing. How much he’d like to have Castiel whimpering in front of him, begging at him. To tease his skin until he’d cry and beg for Dean to finally massage that yearning out of him.
. Don’t worry about it.”
Dean couldn’t stop himself. “Well, I’m telling you now. Go.”
difficult. Hearing their voices at all times. Lying next to you, but being unable to rest.” Castiel stared at one bee in particular. “I just want you to understand why I come here to think.”
.” Dean reached a hand to Castiel’s face. “You know I love you?”
Dean shook his head. “No. We’re leaving together.”
“Okay,” Sam said, breezing past it.
Sam caught up. “What’s he doing?”
, say that?”
Dean rode just ahead of Cas and glanced back over his shoulder every so often as they spoke.
“Soon. Take care of yourself, Dean.”
“You’re gonna kiss anyone who tries to ruin Heaven for me?”
“C’mere.” Bobby roped Dean into a hug.
Castiel, meanwhile, continued bludgeoning John with his fists. The worst pain he was inflicting couldn’t be seen: his grace, pulling and tearing at John’s soul—flaying pieces from it and incinerating them with sheer energy. John was suffering, and he emitted sounds of pain so guttural they didn’t sound human.
Castiel rushed toward his injured love. “Sam, call for help.”
“Hello, Sam.”
… I don’t know ‘em.”
Sam couldn’t help but notice the frenzied look on his brother’s face. “Did something happen when the Empty took Cas?”
“I could have come to Earth and communicated my intentions to you before rebuilding Heaven with Jack. Put your mind at ease.”
Castiel answered with uncertainty. “I’m still not sure I feel love the way humans do, but it was some time after the Leviathans. When I first laid a hand on your soul in Hell, I felt a deep connection to you. I thought it was just the nature of souls, or perhaps the nature of the journey. Then I felt your brother’s soul, and Bobby’s, and the millions of souls in Purgatory. I touched other angels’ grace, and I met so many people. And I never felt the same way. I realized it was you. That I’d fallen in love with your soul, with you.”
“That’s freakin’ weird,” Dean said. “You don’t follow a man when he’s draining the swamp.”
Dean stared, wide-eyed. “Bobby?”
The response was piercing, high-frequency noise from above. Dean covered his ears and looked up. Castiel was, as he’d once said, the size of a skyscraper, though the Chrysler Building may have been a bit of an exaggeration. Dean could barely make out a figure within the brightness. From what he could gather, Castiel was vaguely human-shaped, but faceless, with wings that seemed to go on for miles. More than two. Four? Six? For a brief flash, he thought he saw hundreds of eyes blinking at once.
Castiel returned his inspection, with judgment. “Flannel?”
Sam pondered. “So angels go to the Empty and they sleep… Are we in Cas’s dream? Is that a thing we can be in?”
“Don’t hate crime me, Sam.”
Dean let go of the handles and threw his hands up in exhaustion. “Because I wanna know how long you’ve been here.”
“Cas?” Dean looked around. “
Spread out in front of them was a picturesque turkey dinner, with all the accoutrements. Anyone could create a perfect meal in Heaven, but Dean had really
“You think Jack and I would remake Heaven such that I’m a
“Aww.” She couldn’t help but interrupt.
“Oh, don’t be so serious. I got better, didn’t I? Get over it. Heaven knows I have.”
. You wanna ignore me, ignore me. Everybody needs time alone. You start ignorin’
“Oh. Yeah,” Dean lied.
“Yeah.” Dean surprised himself with his answer, and immediately felt guilty for prioritizing something above his brother. Again.
It wasn’t long before Castiel had settled into his new home. And it wasn’t long after that when Dean decided to teach him how to bake a pie.
“Then what’re you bein’ so secretive for?”
?” Dean asked.
“Don’t you?” Castiel wondered.
“I wanted to see
Charlie snapped her fingers, and Dean and Cas became decked out in plate armor. In their hands appeared padded broadswords.
“Oh, uh… Dean’s wife.”
In the end, he accepted the rose and carried it for the rest of the ride.
of his fears and worries to the back of his mind.
Dean continued. “I should have told you a thousand times by now, but you’re an actual angel—which is insane, by the way—and I’m just some guy with a GED and a broke-ass brain. I’ve always felt like I’m nothing. But maybe I’m not...I don’t know...Cas, can you help me out here?”
Castiel’s eyes went wide. “Dean, no.”
“Yeah. You were lucky to be alive.”
There were things Dean wanted to experience, sure, but almost none he wanted to experience alone. He needed his brother, and he needed Cas. He needed Cas more than anything. But the angel just had to go and tell Dean he loved him, and Dean had no idea what to do with that information. So he needed someone he could figure it out with. He needed Sam, but Sam wasn’t dead yet. Dean was grateful for that, but gratitude didn’t ease his loneliness.
He pulled the car over to the side of the road and put it in park. There were nothing but empty fields as far as the eye could see, not that Dean was looking that far. He scooted across Baby’s bench seat and planted his lips on Castiel’s.
Castiel recognized Dean’s distress and tried to let him off the hook. “It’s fine.”
“How do you know that?” Charlie asked.
. You showed up completely unannounced, and…it’s been a while, but I know your ‘something’s messed up’ face.”
Dean Winchester died with the two people he loved most.
“Any guesses what the hell is going on here?” Dean asked.
“Just focus on breathing,” Sam said.
“What the hell was that?” Dean wondered. His tone turned accusatory. “
Dean tried to stay, but it wasn’t up to willpower. He could see the end, so he said what he needed to. “You’re… gonna be okay… Take care of each other.”
“That’s... complicated.”
Sam could barely contain his glee as he scooted his chair backward and rose to his feet. Around the table, Eileen, Mary, Dean, and Jack did the same.
“No. Dude was about to die. I think he expected to never
Dean shook his head. “Not for me.”
“Where’s Dean?”
“Is this really necessary?” Castiel asked.
With formalities out of the way, the brothers stepped into the Roadhouse, to grab drinks and discuss Sam’s life. It wasn’t overly crowded, but there were always a few souls inside. It was an essential stop for those who traveled Heaven by road. That’s the way the Harvelles liked it. Meeting people, serving drinks. The family business.
Dean scoffed. “Well... I do.”
Dean poked his head into the angel’s bedroom.
back.”
“You’re in love with Cas,” Sam said.
Dean kissed him on his way out the door. “I’ll give you a signal.”
The siren came closer and closer, but not close enough. Its sound faded, along with every other sound.
A loud sound came from somewhere inside the bunker. They pulled apart.
Dean launched the ball again, and gave the table’s handles everything he had. “It does matter.”
Mary looked to Castiel. “Get him out of here.”
“There has to be something,” he said.
There was a brief stillness to everything, then a presence—like every atom in the air around him became charged. After all the time they’d spent together on Earth, Dean simply knew when the angel was near. The hair on his arms stood up, and his soul felt both lighter and warmer. Then he heard a flapping of wings that he hadn’t heard in forever.
“Double wedding!” Jack exclaimed, as if he were the first to think of the idea.
Dean knew how he felt, but he didn’t understand what Cas felt. He didn’t even understand what Cas
Dean reached the bench. “Cas?”
“You should stay,” Eileen said.
Castiel frowned. His gaze landed on a patch of roses to his right, varying in color from a dusty pink to blood red. He’d given one to a date once, and it turned out not to be a date at all—just a coworker who needed a babysitter. But one rejection wasn’t a good enough reason not to try it again. He pulled over, dismounted, and manifested scissors in his hands.
Dean brought a fist to his mouth to stifle a laugh, but ended up cackling through it thanks to the strange little angel standing before him. “Go with Golden Delicious.”
Hell talk was sadly typical conversation for the brothers. The next part wasn’t.
“Are you all right?” Castiel asked.
As Dean became more and more used to Castiel’s presence, he became more and more comfortable. He actually began to believe that the angel might be there for good. One permanent thing. Maybe—just once—it wouldn’t all come crashing down.
“Being unwanted.” Castiel’s face scrunched up. “I’ve never really belonged anywhere, and every time I think I do, I’m wrong. I can’t help but think I’m going to end up being wrong again.”
“Indulge me.”
Their eyes scanned the emptiness, then met.
“Neither do I,” Sam said. “But you mean a hell of a lot more to me than dad does. And he did sell his soul to a demon, so going to Hell isn’t exactly out of pocket...”
From a tight corner of the Roadhouse porch, Dean cursed Taylor Swift’s name. He remembered being strung up and tortured by Alastair. He remembered torturing others. Now he tortured himself, his mind recalling the handful of good memories he had of his father and telling him that he was the worst son in the world. No matter what anyone said, he was supposed to protect his family.
Dean put on a charming smile. “Me? Avoid you?
When it was just the two of them again, Dean turned to Cas with fury in his eyes.
, which he found okay at best, over forty times. But what Dean proposed this time was a new low.
Castiel glanced at the hand, just as it left his shoulder. “Dean?”
Dean took a deep breath. “Sam—”
“Your mom says you’re waiting for someone named Cass,” John said.
“You can’t drive me away. I’m not a person. But even if I were… that’s not who you are. I told you...”
The light somehow burned even brighter, and they were back in the Dean Cave.
On the other end was Sam, checking in.
.” Dean’s poker face was fading. He wasn’t sure whether he was going to start crying, start screaming, or start punching something, and he didn’t want to find out. He just wanted peace.
“Knocked some…?” Dean’s voice rose into a scream. “You broke seven of my ribs and shoved a broom handle down my throat. I told Sam a werewolf attacked me and
They hadn’t gone beyond kissing yet—Dean had way too many hang-ups for that—but the kissing… The kissing was always nice. Dean reached up and grabbed the back of the angel’s neck, pulling him in harder.
Dean’s words came out angry. “I told you I’d be right back.”
,” Dean repeated. “Great.”
“I broke Chuck’s narrative, and I can break yours.”
Dean was concerned. “Cas, you’ve always been a little weird, but what the hell?”
“Or nothing…” Dean hadn’t meant that as a threat. He softly shook his head. “I’m not mad at you either.” He sighed. “I’m sorry I didn’t talk to you sooner. I’m sorry I made up some bullshit story to—”
.” Dean averted his eyes. “Do you want me to crash this car?”
“I know,” Castiel said, with regret.
“It’s not. When we were on Earth—”
In Dean’s mind, Jack’s words played on repeat. Louder than the Led Zeppelin song on the radio. Louder than Miracle’s occasional bark from the backseat. Louder than anything his brother had said in the last ten minutes.
With his wellness visit complete, Bobby didn’t stay to ask questions. That, he reasoned, could happen later in eternity. For now, Dean needed time to heal.
There came a point in every serious Winchester conversation when Dean knew he wasn’t going to get out of sharing his feelings. The glowering look Sam gave him marked that point.
Option Three: Have John removed from Hell and put… elsewhere. Dean tried to convince himself that Purgatory wasn’t so bad, but he knew it was a lie. Heaven’s dungeons? Eternal solitary confinement? That may as well have been Hell.
“My answer is no. If you could run away a hundred times, I can do it now.”
? Did the angels brainwash him again? We need to come up with a plan. We gotta get dad out of there. We gotta fix Cas—”
Dean rolled his eyes, but let his guard down.
Eileen smiled.
“Honestly?” Sam said. “He’d pray to you.”
“No. Not yet.”
“That’s right,” Dean said. “You know why?”
“Cas—”
“I already did. I’m going to rectify it.”
Castiel stared at him with the narrowest eyes he could muster. “I can’t answer that.”
He wasn’t sure exactly what he was going to say, but he didn’t get the chance. At that moment, the phone in his pocket began vibrating, and he was saved by his generic classic rock ringtone.
“No. You’re great. I mean, you’re
“In theory. If I didn’t lead a life deserving of Hell.”
It hadn’t been long for Sam since he’d seen his wife, but it had been a long time since they were both in their prime. His eyes widened and he practically leapt from his chair and sprinted over to pull her in for a hug and never-ending kisses.
“I’ve made deals with you before, Castiel,” the shadow said.
sleep forever if you want.” Castiel took a seat in the second, unworn recliner. His face softened slightly as he looked toward Dean. “It’s like this because you taught me that freedom is preferable to peace, and I still believe it.”
Sleep had been a luxury on Earth, something Dean could never seem to get enough of. Even when he was a child, he’d made do with four hours in a creaky hotel bed with flat pillows. He had to. He’d complained about it once—he was eight, maybe—and it didn’t end well.
Dean repeated himself. “Have you
“Not exactly.”
“Hell no.”
Castiel stared into the fridge, intimidated. “What kind of eggs?”
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean said.
Dean replied with an emphatic “No.”
Queen’s “Too Much Love Will Kill You” began to play, and it was a downer.
“I’m teasing. I like you in everything. If you’re talking about what gets me going, though, it’s the medieval armor. By far.”
Dean didn’t agree with that assessment at all. “Maybe if bees were free, they’d learn to love. Maybe that would be their purpose?”
“They’re fascinating creatures,” Castiel said, leading Dean through a field toward them.
Sam thought that was about him, until Ellen continued.
Most days at the bunker—if you could call them days—began with Dean asking a question. Nothing serious that would make him deal with his feelings, of course. No. It was always something about an experience he and Cas could share now that the sky was quite literally the limit.
“Okay, Mr. Watch-the-Bees.”
“You’re gonna listen to an
Castiel spoke, his voice thick with disgust. “I admitted that man into Heaven. He was supposed to be in Hell, and I convinced Jack to bend the rules. I did it for you and Sam and Mary. I thought—”
With that, Castiel disappeared, and the area was still. Dean was alone, again. He knew where his angel had gone, and it was a place he didn’t want to follow.
Dean eyed the crust. “I don’t think so… but you have eternity to figure it out.”
Dean took a deep breath. “Trust me on this one. I watched Cas take him there.”
There were no days, but each one was better than the last. Game nights, movie nights, road trips across Heaven. Infinite time with infinite family.
Dean didn’t care, and he continued. “Have you ever been LARPing?”
“I think you’re right,” Castiel said.
Sam sighed. “Anyway, he’s great. You’re gonna love him.”
Dean sighed again and loved every moment of it.
Before the pie could go in the oven, a loud
filled Dean’s head. It hadn’t happened very often, but he recognized it as an incoming message from an angel. Sam was on his way, and he needed a guide. He pulled away from Castiel and turned toward the door.
“No. I’m not. I’d like it if you watched the bees with me.”
"How are we supposed to find anything in here?" Sam wondered.
Castiel responded with a signature head tilt and squint.
When Dean’s body had burned, Sam mingled.
“It’s not.” Sam roped his brother into a hug. “I’m sorry. I’ve been blathering about seeing Eileen again and planning my life, and I didn’t know...”
“Look, I know he can’t do anything to me now. I know that. But it messed me up, bad. I buried a part of myself, and it wasn’t a problem. And then I met you, and...it was.” Even in his moment of honesty, Dean couldn’t explain exactly what he felt. “You mean a lot to me, and it brings all that crap back.”
With their happy reunion at its conclusion, Team Free Will moved on to doing what they did best: getting into and—hopefully—out of trouble. After all, what was free will without a little risk?
“Yeah, and what do I owe myself?”
The air around Dean lost its energy. He heard the flapping of wings, but spoke as if his angel were still there. “Cas, I didn’t mean—”
“When I took your father there, I realized I couldn’t hear the angels in Hell. I was enjoying the reprieve.” He stopped, then added, “Rowena said to say hello.”
“I’m confused,” Sam said.
Dean wondered if he was that obviously attached. He shrugged, and jabbed at his brother. “Good to see you too, Sammy. Nice hug.”
Castiel steadied himself. “Thank you.”
“It actually does,” Sam agreed.
“How are they—”
“If I said you were perfect, would you believe me?”
?” Dean’s voice nearly broke.
“Because of
“Shut up,” Charlie said. “You got the point. Nothing’s guaranteed. You could have something good, so have it.”
Dean swallowed hard. “...Yeah.”
Dean wasn’t amused. “How did you get in here?”
To their left, the forest was thick with trees and brush, shaded by its own stature. To their right, the trees were sparse, replaced by fields of flowers on a gentle slope leading to a small lake. Beyond the lake stood snow-capped mountains, hit by the sun at just the right angle to make them glimmer. Both men’s gazes drifted from side to side, absorbing the calming views.
“You have to answer,” Dean said. “Those are the rules.”
“Specifically you,” Castiel said.
“The fun part? You mean getting blackout drunk and hurting your loved ones?”
“I thought…” Dean trailed off.
Dean could practically see the angel’s thoughts, and he shrugged off the abuse. “I’ve been to Hell, Cas. I can take a beating. The things he said, though, for years…”
“Whenever you want to sleep, and whenever you want to celebrate.” Castiel scored again. “I don’t understand why this is such a challenging concept.”
He nearly choked.
“Well, that’s about to change,” Dean said. “Popcorn!”
Castiel gestured with his hand, pulling John across the room to him. “I’m the one who’s going to throw you back into perdition.”
Castiel Novak Winchester enrolled at a nearby community college, unsure of what he was going to do yet. He just knew that whatever it was, he would help people.
“Oh. So you’re avoiding him. That’s healthy.”
“Yeah,” Dean lied.
,” Dean said. “No offense, but I’m glad it didn’t work.”
Castiel pointed out a fact. “There are no days.”
Dean didn’t look back. “Don’t be.”
to do.”
“Castiel.” Naomi eyed Dean. “He’s not special. None of them are.”
Dean unfroze at the realization that no one cared.
told me not to leave.”
“About sex?” Castiel asked.
In the blink of an eye, everything went bright again. The screeching sound disappeared, and the brothers stood in what looked like a park. It was as vast as the emptiness, but full of trees and grassy knolls. But park sounds were eerily absent. There was no life. No birds. No polite chatter. Just stone paths winding as far as their eyes could see in every direction, intersecting at random.
“If you make this one, you’ll never have to again,” Castiel said. “I’ll be human. I’ll live and I’ll die. When it’s over, I’ll either be in Heaven or in Hell. You’ll never hear from me again. Or... you can keep me here and I’ll keep you awake for eternity.”
“Yes, but you’re still an angel.”
For when he wasn’t away, Dean imagined a home for himself, and it became reality. It was small, with just enough room for two, but for someone who spent half his life living out of shady motel rooms, it was perfect. One day, while he sat on the porch drinking a beer, he heard panting in the distance. Then he saw a furry figure scampering up the road. Within moments, he was bent down hugging Miracle and scratching his ears. “Good boy. You’re home now.”
In Dean’s mind, flashes of his childhood went by. Every time his father had destroyed a hotel room because his sons disobeyed him. Every time he’d drank too much and hit one of them. It was nearly always Dean. Dean had made sure of it.
Castiel changed back into his beach attire. “Better?”
“Shoot,” Dean said.
“Grab some butter and eggs,” Dean directed.
On stage, Rufus finished up Aretha’s “I Say a Little Prayer,” to raucous applause.
“It’s still weird—”
“What kind of question is that? Of course I do.”
“What are they saying?” Dean asked.
. That’s bull.”
When the pie was filled and in the oven, Cas stared at Dean for a moment. Then the moment kept going, lasting long enough to make Dean uncomfortable.
Five years to the day after Dean’s death, Sam heard glass shattering in Castiel’s room. He heard shouting. Eileen saw the fear on little Bobby and Maura’s faces.
Dean wasn’t about to sit there and listen to his family reminisce about everything they’d done without him. He slipped past them and headed for the door.
“Good?” Dean wondered. “Bobby, you’ve been to Hell.”
should be sorry. I was
Dean swallowed. Somehow, he didn’t believe her.
“You do. And I’m free to ignore them.”
Castiel growled something that sounded vaguely like her name.
“And no carols,” Dean said. “Actual good music.” By that, he meant his ‘Top 13 Zepp Traxx,’ which played from a nearby cassette deck.
“And I’ll be drunk again,” Dean said.
Castiel sighed. “I haven’t sat down and watched it, no.”
Castiel pointed out one of the benefits of Heaven. “You could if you imagined them.”
Dean reached toward the console and turned up the radio.
Castiel, it so happened, had already seated himself. “
“You can’t.” The angels were overwhelming Castiel, and it showed.
A nerdy little marshal with armor enrobed by an orange safety vest walked out into the middle of the field to explain the rules of engagement. Standard stuff. No hits to the head, neck, or junk. No charging. No spinning. Call out “Hold!” if for some reason the battle needed to pause.
? Really?” Dean scoffed.
Sam started to give his brother a sad look, but turned his head so Dean wouldn’t catch him. “CAS?”
Dean pulled away from the hug. “You think I’d go to Hell? I’m hurt.”
He awoke in a cornfield, cognizant of where he was. It was Heaven. A few yards ahead of him stood a familiar face, holding a glass of scotch in one hand and its bottle in the other.
Dean did not. He shrugged, and they resumed eating.
Sam, meanwhile, had an idea.
“You can,” he said.
While the angel worked at that with a comically oversized knife, Dean whisked together flour, sugar, and salt. He had an idea.
Castiel offered a slight smile. “That won’t be necessary.”
Castiel was unfazed. “You deserve nice things, Dean.”
Dean drove, aimlessly, while Sam continued speaking what may as well have been a soliloquy. Something about Eileen meeting them at the bunker? Dean didn’t care.
“What’s
“Did anyone ever teach you how to dance?” he asked.
“He’s uh...being cagey. He keeps avoiding me.”
Some months later, Sam and Eileen approached Castiel about their impending son.
Dean muttered softly. “I’m sorry.”
“No.” Sam chuckled. “Actually, Dean’s here.”
. Angels have more important things to do than hang out with loser souls drinking beer.”
“I want you here,” Dean said.
Dean sighed. “He told me he loves me—”
“You can’t choose your family,” John said.
Mary squinted. “Don’t comfort me when I’m trying to comfort you.”
Sam repeated himself. “We
Castiel looked into his eyes. “I’m not perfect. I am
“No fair,” Dean complained.
“I wanna go to Drunk World,” Dean said.
“Okay,” Dean groused. “The crowd loved it.”
The angel was dressed similarly to Dean, in beach-ready shorts, a plain t-shirt, and sandals. He squinted. “And this is the look you prefer me in?”
“Time’s...different here.” A copout answer.
“Uh…” Dean panicked and drummed up an excuse on the spot. A stupid one. “I think something might be wrong with Sam.”
“So why is it like this? Why aren’t we happy?” Dean took another drink. “Shit, you could have just made me sleep forever.”
Dean swallowed. “I didn’t mean that.”
Castiel considered that.
“I’m not flattering you, okay?”
Ellen turned to Dean. “Speaking of, where’s your angel?”
Castiel watched them with a tilted head. “I’m an eldritch horror?”
Dean exhaled sharply, affirming that. “Yeah. Once Lee was gone, he… I’ve never had a beating like that in my life. Not on any hunt. Not when you were brainwashed by Naomi.”
Dean’s eyes widened. “Did you just—”
It was over in a flash, and the angel returned to the beach full of righteous fury. He stood, his eyes glowing with white hot anger. Bolts of electricity hit the sand and water, and static filled the air. Soon the entire area glowed, as if Castiel’s true form were seeping out of his body.
. Speaking of...” Sam saw his friend coming. “Cas?”
A large bucket of movie theater popcorn appeared at the center of the leather couch that had replaced the two recliners. Dean had claimed he was sick of the recliners and wanted to redecorate, and he may have believed that a little. But subconsciously, he didn’t want to keep Cas at a distance. Not ever again.
Eileen shook her head. “You’re welcome.”
a liar,” Dean said.
Castiel dimmed, and his eyes returned to blue. “I told you if anyone ruined Heaven for you…”
“Maybe.” Dean certainly felt defective.
“Neither do I.” Castiel’s eyes darted around as he waited for Dean to say something.
At one table, Eileen was destroying Linda Tran and Victor Henriksen in a game of poker. At another, the reunited Ghostfacers were playing a highly alienating game that they themselves had invented. Charlie hovered over them, openly critiquing the game’s rules.
When they pulled apart, Sam stared longingly toward the end of the bridge.
Dean spoke his thought process aloud. “The whole point of Heaven is you get to choose, right? That I deserve to be happy...”
Dean stormed toward her. “Stop it.”
“Does it matter?” he asked.
. He’d figure it out.
isn’t the worst part. The worst is… he didn’t regret it. At all. If he could have just been happy for me. If he could have just… acted like he loved me, for once. If he could have apologized—”
“Yes,” Dean blurted. “But. I mean… no…”
Eileen clarified. “We eloped.”
“Drunk World?” Jack asked.
Dean spoke, almost inaudibly. “I did something with...”
She gulped down a bite of cake and objected. “Hey! It wasn’t me. Though I did have you pegged about the time you came to visit my cabin and I caughtcha ogling my cowboy posters.”
Castiel had registered Dean’s words, and they’d been enough to wake him. But he hadn’t understood the intent behind them.
Charlie continued. “Also… Last I checked, Heaven was part of the universe. No one really knows how any of this works. What if the universe goes kaput? What if dark energy is about to eat the whole shebang? What if God dies again? What if we’re seconds from the end of all things? Aren’t you gonna want to spend it with your Sam, Mister Frodo?”
A guilty look spread across Dean’s face.
“What?” Castiel wondered.
“I like the vegetable oil coating,” Castiel said.
“You’re really fine with this?” he asked.
“I love it when you’re not funny," he said.
“Thank you,” Castiel said.
“You are?” Sam’s voice reflected suspicion.
In Heaven, Dean could have as much sleep as he wanted, and the nightmares never got him. Dean fluffed his mattress and pillow to his heart’s content and relished it.
Dean glanced at Cas, then back at Bobby with guilty eyes.
Sam had no intention of dropping it, and every intention of summoning Castiel himself. Right then and there. But lucky for Dean, Eileen wasn’t far behind her husband. Freshly introduced into Heaven by her mother, she stepped into the Roadhouse with a big smile on her face.
“What?” Dean asked, like an idiot. “No.”
Dean took a moment to compose himself, before looking Cas in the eyes.
Dean noticed, and he was about to say something when Cas cut him off by kissing his neck, repeatedly, up to his ear. In lieu of words, Dean let out a sharp breath. Cas dragged his teeth across Dean’s earlobe as he moved toward his mouth. Their lips touched, and then their tongues.
That question seemed innocent on the surface, but Dean knew it wasn’t. He hurried toward the door. “I’ll tell you about it later.”
“You never wanted me to be a hunter. I know. I’ve heard it. Too late.”
Mary pulled away from the embrace. “The toddler defeated Chuck and saved the world.” She gestured into the dining room. “Now come in.”
“Dean, you do give orders. You are, as you would say, a ‘total control freak.’ And you’ve decided that Heaven is going to spiral into some terrible experience. So much so that you’ll take a pleasant interaction with Bobby and spin it into a disaster. Well, too bad.”
“Caviar, huh?” Dean set the pantry items on the counter. “That could make a great pie.”
Dean repeated the call a few times, to no end.
Castiel acknowledged that with a slight tilt of his head. “Let’s go, then.”
When Castiel’s body was eighty years old, it finally gave out. His death came swiftly and peacefully in his sleep, and hundreds came to his funeral.
Castiel stared at him from the doorway. “What are you doing?”
“You remember when I was fifteen and I got attacked by that werewolf?”
“The same thing you’d want with a celestial being, apparently.”
Castiel nodded.
Dean did. “He's in the Empty because I stood there like an idiot. He told me he loved me and I didn't say anything. I gotta get him back, Sam. If he knew...” Dean avoided saying the part about loving Castiel, and wiped more tears away. “He wouldn’t have chosen to stay there if he knew...”
“Well, I am an angel. It’s called grace for a reason.”
“No.” Dean shook his head. “We’re not up to anything, Bobby.”
Dean had more to say. “I mean it. I used to think I was just afraid of being alone, of losing
“Dean.” Castiel hated to break bad news. “I can’t pass through that barrier.”
The ever-growing Roadhouse crowd, on the other hand, loved the idea of Castiel—the immensely powerful, perpetually squinching Angel of the Lord—dueting with a drunk cowboy. They cheered the pair onto the stage.
“It’s
“I’m good,” Dean said.
any responsibilities now.”
It wasn’t the first time Dean convinced Castiel to put on a cowboy hat, but it was the first time they went horseback riding together. In Heaven, the area surrounding the bunker was whatever they wanted it to be. Dean wanted a trail: a dirt path through scenic forest, lined with sprawling oaks. And so it was.
“They instinctively know their place. I wonder… what would happen if bees were truly free? If they didn’t exist under their own confines?”
“Truth,” Castiel said.
John and Mary Winchester awoke to something like lightning striking all around their home at once. Every light inside lit up, then exploded into sparks and glass. Dishes that had been left on the counter fell to the ground and shattered. Picture frames went crooked as the walls holding them shifted and shook.
“I want this,” Dean said.
Dean decided to just drive around for a little while and get a feel for the place. He pictured Baby in his mind, and the car appeared in front of him, perfect as ever.
“What’s going on? Where are Sam and Cas?” Dean asked.
John spit out a few teeth and sneered. “Your angel friend is trying to send me to Hell.”
Despite that coming out more bitter than Dean meant it, Castiel acknowledged his history of destruction with a downward glance.
Dean shrugged and transformed his clothing into a suit as he approached.
“It’s... still stupid,” Dean corrected. “I’ve got what? Forty years left?”
Castiel tilted his head. “Your concern about Sam? That was fake?”
Time didn’t make any sense in Heaven, but eventually enough of it passed that Dean was ready to face his friends in the Roadhouse. When he did, he discovered that none of them had held a grudge. There were no grudges to hold, since they’d all made it here.
The angel had followed him outside. Of course he had.
“Cas, what the hell?”
Dean hugged Mary again, squeezing her tighter than before. “I’m sorry about how everything ended back on Earth—”
“Everyone Chuck killed,” Sam said. “You know what I mean.”
Castiel’s eye twitched as he ignored a very busy angel radio.
Dean took a deep breath and headed around the side of the house. He found his brother tending to a row of petunias. There were so many rows of flowers. Too many. Dean didn’t have much room to tease, considering the apiary, but he made a mental note to do so later anyway. That’s what brothers were for, after all.
“No.” Castiel looked up with swollen, red eyes and tears streaming down his face. “I can’t stop crying. My chest is tight. I feel like I’m suffocating.”
feel.
“No one was,” Sam said.
They both stumbled a bit, but they soon found a rhythm. While Dean looked at everything but the angel’s eyes—the floor, the wall, his watch—Castiel watched him looking away, curious what was going on in Dean’s mind. He was troubled as ever, but still beautiful. Still Dean Winchester.
“You should have a wedding,” he said.
“Your plan was to
“You think that’s going to happen?”
Sam also doted on his son. The way he described it, the kid was a supergenius. A true Man of Letters. No surprise there. Dean was interested, but also distracted. He swallowed his inner desires with his beer, just in time to hear all about his nephew’s house, wife, and family. About the time they’d all gone on vacation together to Mexico. One enormous, happy family.
Still on the Roadhouse porch, Dean drank his way through a number of scenarios.
“I’m fine.”
They sat for a moment, each worried about hurting the other with their words. It had happened far too many times.
The beach. Palm trees, coconuts, little umbrella drinks, feet in the sand. A vacation was something Dean had always wanted but never had. Castiel had never been on one either, unless you counted his time on Earth as a vacation from Heaven. There was an argument to be made for that, but Dean ruled that it did not count.
Option Four: Angel lobotomy. This was a cheat option that might leave him drooling on the floor, but he could ask Cas to remove John from his memories. It worked with Lisa and Ben, after all. Then again, that had been one year. This would be forty. Dean didn’t know who he’d even be if his father hadn’t left him spectacularly fucked in the head. Would he still have Cas? Would he even know Zepp? He perished the thought.
Dean looked him over and nodded in approval.
“I’m trying,” Sam said. He meant it. The situation felt really intrusive.
The brothers came together for a big hug. While they embraced, Dean gave the Impala a slight wave.
Castiel offered a look of sympathy. “You were being hunted down by God. You know we both forgive you for not handling that well.”
“You’ve got better places to be?” John asked.
Dean shook his head and chuckled. “You’re so freaking weird.”
When John had gone, Dean approached the front door. He tidied his hair by running a hand through it, and brushed his sleeve for nonexistent dust. Before he could even knock, Mary opened the door and roped Dean into a tight hug. The first physical touch he’d had since he was dying. His eyes welled.
Dean nearly choked on his beer. “What?”
"If I know Cas, it is,” Sam said.
“It’s where monsters belong.”
?” John mocked. “Did you forget you’re supposed to kill monsters?”
. Sam and Dean put their hands over their ears to muffle a terrible sound.
“You keep an eye on them. I’ll talk to him.” Sam motioned toward the room.
Dean answered by shutting him up with a long, passionate kiss. Self-loathing and doubt weren’t welcome at this moment. Just love. Life-altering, universe-saving love. Dean’s whole body warmed with it.
about the plot,” Charlie said.
“Dean?”
Castiel wobbled a bit in the attempt, but it was still an admirable one. Dean chuckled as he caught him, then pulled him in closer than before. Desire and despair played tug of war in Dean’s mind, and desire won for a change. Their chests touched, their eyes met for the briefest moment, and Dean was done for. Just being with Cas wasn’t enough. The final lyrics kicked in—
” and thought about it for a moment. “I guess… I never really remembered much about my mom when I was younger, but I remembered she made pie once. I was three or four. It could have been the worst pie in the world, and knowing her now…It probably was. Hell, she probably bought it and pretended she made it. But I remember it being comfort food. And, I don’t know, I never really got much comfort after that so… pie.” Dean scrubbed the wistful look from his face. “Your turn. Truth or Dare?”
“Yeah, well. When we get him out, Cas has a billion.”
“Dean?” Castiel asked. Not to be rude, he added, “Sam?”
. It’s weird.”
Dean turned to find Cas standing in the hallway. He choked back his anger.
Dean heard a distant flutter of wings, then a loud crash.
“Come on, man. Avenge me.”
Dean continued. “I’m
“Yeah, I just wanted to see your reaction.” Dean wished the angel topper away and generated a star, which he placed atop the tree. “Better?”
“As far as I know,” Dean said.
Dean looked straight ahead, rather than at Cas. “I want to. I do. I just…”
Then Castiel’s voice, unmistakeable.
“Are you gonna be okay?” Dean asked.
“I’m sorry.”
“Is that what you think I’m doing?” Dean wondered. He thought he’d been pretty clear that he loved Cas, and that he never, ever wanted to talk about it. In his mind, they’d agreed to just chill in Heaven and pretend this was all very normal. Dean was, in a word, an idiot.
“You’re rude.”
Dean hung up. A dick move, sure, but he had eternity to apologize. For now, he wasn’t going anywhere. He had too much to figure out, and being around his family wouldn’t help.
“What’s your greatest fear, Dean?”
Castiel was puzzled. “Balthazar? You should be in the Empty.”
“What?” Dean wondered. “Why? You’ve heard me sing before.”
“I’m gonna press down and show you how hard to roll,” Dean said. It was the closest he’d felt to another being in as long as he could remember.
“Are you okay?” Castiel asked.
Castiel untied his apron. He didn’t have to say anything to let Dean know he was coming with him. They rushed out the door and hopped into the Impala. They did that a lot, usually to cruise nowhere and enjoy each other’s company. Their drives hadn’t had an urgent purpose since they were on Earth together, and it showed in how fast Dean drove.
Dean incorrectly signed his reply as he said it. “Yeah. You got me. Thanks.”
Under the table, Dean balled a fist, as if he could squeeze a confession out of himself if he just pressed hard enough. “It’s something Cas said…”
“I get it,” Mary said. “You’ve never been able to put your wants and needs first. Now you can, and you’re not sure what that looks like?”
Dean’s face went dead serious. “Cas, don’t do anything stupid.”
“It’s a spell that allows humans to come and go from here,” Castiel said. “You two should go, and I’ll figure my own way out.”
“Okay,” Castiel said. “But before I do, I want you to know that I consider this to be my true form. I feel much more myself sitting here with you than I ever have in the past.”
Sam exhaled. “You sound just like Dean.”
“Yeah. Him,” Bobby said.
Dean swallowed. Just as the world around them recounted Castiel’s last words to him, Dean saw something in the distance. A bench, overlooking a lake. And a figure sitting in it? He tapped Sam’s shoulder and hurried toward it.
“Cas,” Dean spoke into the air. “Get down here.”
. You wanna go?”
“Next we gotta peel all those apples.”
Castiel shook his head. “That’s why I’m worried—”
“Dean?”
“Then let’s celebrate it,” Castiel said.
. I just can’t.”
, but he practiced it well. He treated kitchen prep work like he was disassembling weapons for cleaning, dispensing every ingredient in its proper proportion, and arranging them neatly in bowls.
“Just trust me. If Cas told Jack he wants to stay in the Empty, there’s something forcing him to say that. Or it wasn’t really Cas. Or… something. It’s
“You’re safe here,” Castiel said. “Nothing can hurt you but you.”
“I’ve been tryin’ to call you too, Cas,” Bobby said.
got yourself killed and—”
Dean smiled. He couldn’t help it. “You gotta get tougher with this game, man. A whole song, though…” He thought of one he knew by heart, and started right into it, “
“See if you can’t keep your hands cold and mix those butter cubes into this.” He gestured at the bowl containing the dry goods.
“Exactly what I told you.” Dean swallowed and looked away.
,” Dean said. “He’s not some tool.”
Castiel crossed his arms, both amused and irritated.
The fragment of hopeful glimmer left Castiel’s eyes. He crossed his arms and looked away as he muttered to himself. “Unbelievable.”
Cas dragging his father to Hell hadn’t gotten rid of John’s influence. Shitty life lessons rattled around in Dean’s brain.
He jerked suddenly to the side and fell off the chair. Dean caught him and dropped to the floor, keeping his arms wrapped around him. The angel rocked back and forth slightly, digging his fingers into the sides of his head all the while.
“We’ve been hanging out at the bunker. I taught him how to bake a pie.”
When he opened the door, he froze.
“You don’t care?” Dean asked.
“Cas was an angel.”
Dean waited a moment to make sure Cas was done, then spoke softly. “It’s not like that.”
Dean set the sandwich down in front of Cas. “PB&J isn’t a
“I’m joking,” Dean said. “But do you ever think about what’s out there?”
“I love you, Cas, okay? I love you.” Dean spoke as if the world was ending, with tears falling from his eyes. “I should have told you on Earth, but I stopped myself. I didn’t say it, and then you were gone...And now you’re here, but I keep stopping myself and... I don’t want to anymore. You’re it for me, okay?”
So Dean said it. “‘Cass’ is Castiel. He was literally an angel. And I love him.”
“John,” Mary warned.
“Perfect,” Dean said.
“Cas, I need to talk to you.”
“And the other thing?” Dean asked.
Naomi turned to see Jack. She frowned.
“Yeah you can,” Dean corrected. “Look. I forgive you for the way Sam and I grew up. I really do. But that doesn’t mean I want a relationship with you now. That’s not Heaven to me.”
“Much better.”
Dean counted on his fingers. “For one, I’m not eating gas station food in a hotel room. Two: I don’t wish my dad were here. At all. And three… no gifts. It’s Heaven. Everyone has everything they want.”
Castiel obliged. Of course he did.
The angel smiled as Dean came to. It was always with a short yawn, then a fluttering of his eyes until they could focus on Castiel’s face.
Dean didn’t know the phrase
. By sitting around here in this bunker doing nothing useful.”
“Dean,” Mary said. “I’ve missed you.”
Dean raised his voice. “It wasn’t your fault.”
Dean nodded. “Sure.”
Dean saw no reason to leave until Sam arrived in Heaven, some hours, days, weeks, or months later. He found out it was happening when one dickbag angel or another beamed a location into his brain and told him to go immediately to receive a new arrival. Dean couldn’t think of anyone else who’d want him as their guide, so he knew it had to be his brother.
Dean reclaimed the spotlight, and basked in it. He left no inch of the stage untraversed as he gave the performance everything he had.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “
Dean swallowed, afraid this conversation was going down a path he couldn’t navigate. He pretended to adjust one of the stockings. “I, uh… I thought you were happy to be near me or whatever.”
Bobby told Dean he was worried about him, more than once. Dean brushed him off each time. He loved Bobby, but Bobby was not someone Dean felt like confiding in. Not on this one.
She simultaneously signed and spoke. “You’re learning?”
“I let it happen.”
“Jack wouldn’t lie to us,” Sam said.
“It’s... been a long time,” Castiel said, pulling away.
“We gotta rename it, though. It’s not December 25th.”
“You once asked me why… when things go wrong, it always seems to be my fault.”
Dean interrupted, in a huff. “Oh, I’m sorry I
“Because you’re an eternal wavelength of blah blah, yeah. I know.” Dean became frustrated at his own inability to explain the problem, as well as by the fact that he was losing 4-0. “But when you have a limited amount of time, you get used to clocking things.”
Castiel frowned. He considered flying over to the Winchester residence, grabbing John Winchester, and throwing him back into the pit where he belonged. But he knew Dean wouldn’t go for that, so he listened.
“Make it stop then,” he demanded.
It was at that moment—commiserating with a kaiju over abandonment issues—that Dean realized just how bad a place he was in. He berated himself in his thoughts. This wasn’t even a chick flick, and he was crying. Crying. Over Battra.
Sam didn’t mind. He spoke with sincerity. “I’m actually
Castiel smiled. “Okay.”
Dean stared at her with a stupid expression on his face. “...What?”
Castiel tilted his head, waiting for Dean to finish his thought.
Sam nodded. “Okay. We’ll get him back.”
“One hundred percent.”
“Then why do you sound like you’re trying to convince yourself?” Dean asked.
“Why? You’re dead.
Dean swallowed. “It’s, uh… It’s like the time thing. There’s an adjustment period. You know… You, uh, spend so long understanding things one way, and then there’s this whole new universe.” His chest tightened again. “It’s... different.”
The pie, at least, tasted good.
.” Dean’s anger and guilt both came through in his voice. “It felt like I waited forever for you to get here. Then you got here and started talking about Eileen and your family…all the things I wanted and could never have… I felt like I was living in your shadow.”
“No one. Every soul has the ability to shelter itself. No one should be able to come here without you inviting them.”
Dean lowered his head, clearly hiding something.
John Winchester stormed into the room, ranting about Bobby to no one. “...Like he ever raised any kids, the son of a bitch…”
“How much are we talking?” Dean asked.
“You really never went to a beach on Earth?” Castiel asked.
At the mention of Garth’s other son’s name, Dean dramatically put a palm to his forehead.
“Dean, I’m worried about you.”
“Cas?” Dean reached a hand toward his shoulder. “Is something wrong?”
“Mmmhmm. Kansas on the radio, wind in our hair—”
“Why?” Sam asked.
,” Dean confirmed. “Damn right.”
Sam shrugged. “I think it helped.”
“How can you say that? How can you,
“At who?”
Dean wanted to puke, but he forced words out instead. “I
Castiel did the same, and he beat Dean to the punch. “Truth or Dare?”
Dean looked directly into his eyes and took a deep breath.
John scowled. “Really, son?”
Bobby looked past Dean, surprised. “
“Yeah? Neither does he,” Dean said.
Like Cas, Dean refused to leave. The bunker and its surrounding area were his own personal slice of Heaven, and the longer he stayed there with Cas, the easier it was to push
“Dean?” Sam’s voice dropped. “Oh.”
“Thirty seven,” Dean said.
Castiel, meanwhile, stood awkwardly under a tree, observing. To most of the people in attendance, he was just some hunter standing around. To most of the people who knew him, he was an angel and would flutter away any moment. Eileen was the only one who knew enough to walk over to him.
There were chuckles around the table.
In an instant, Sam’s heavenly zen dropped away and he was once again Sam Winchester, hunter. “
Sam followed suit. “CAS?”
great.” A dough had come together, so Dean reached for some plastic wrap. “Now we’ll just pat that into a disc and toss it in the fridge, which I would like Heaven to have cleared of weird eggs.” He enunciated the last part clearly, as if Heaven needed to hear him. Like magic, the fridge had plenty of room. Dean placed the dough inside and turned to Cas.
Castiel moved off of Dean, to his side.
John shook his head. “Well, it has to happen to everyone eventually. But I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t disappointed.”
“Why shouldn’t there be?” Bobby asked. “You wanna go to a beach, go to a beach.”
Dean should have been worried, or fearful. Instead, his face didn’t budge from stoicism.
A few hours later, the Winchesters were walking through a corn field carrying duffel bags full of spellcasting supplies. Dean had been preparing for this spell since the first time Castiel went to the Empty. It was reckless, dangerous, and he was lucky he never had to use it. But he did now. He powered forward.
Another suction cup attached to Dean’s chest.
They stood there, holding on for as long as they wanted.
The dreamscape immediately gave way to total blackness. Sam and Dean again stood in the Empty, and Castiel stood facing them.
“Yeah. Okay. I’m gonna just... walk around for a little bit.”
.” Then it turned its attention to the Winchesters. “You don’t belong here.”
They rode a pair of Appaloosas. Dean’s was modeled after Marlon Brando’s horse in the aptly titled
“Yeah, he wasn’t. But it’s more about… This could never be Heaven for me as long as he was here. I’ve been terrified that he’d find out and—”
. Everyone just stop.”
Castiel furrowed his brow. “You’re angry it went well?”
Dean reached his right hand toward Castiel’s left. Their fingers came together with ease, like they were meant to be entwined. The same electricity he’d felt when they were making pie made its way up Dean’s arm. He guided Cas’s other arm to his side, and placed his own arm around the angel’s waist. This he didn’t have to explain. This he could just do.
Eileen nodded.
This time, there was a proper funeral. Unlike so many losses in their lives, which had been surrounded by chaos and cosmic threats, this one took place in a world with no monsters. The days before were calm, as would be the days after.
“I’m technically older than ever,” Castiel said.
Castiel ignored it and continued staring intently at the bees.
Dean thought hard about Charlie, the sister he’d always wanted, and suddenly he and Castiel stood in the loud, nerdy camps of Moondoor.
Dean braced himself for Sam annoying him.
“When have you ever known me to follow rules?”
As Mary tried to blame herself for not single-handedly fixing something, Dean recognized himself in his mother. He reciprocated her hug, fiercely.
“Then trust him on this?”
“Jimmy Novak’s soul has long since departed it,” Castiel said.
Dean smirked. “Show me your true form.”
“I said what I said,” Dean groaned. He was uncomfortable enough that he had to tell Sam about any of this at all. He certainly wasn’t going to do a deep dive on every person or creature he’d ever been attracted to. He silently cursed Cas for ever saying anything instead of keeping his feelings repressed where they belonged.
“Please wake up, Cas. I love you.”
“We’re not talking about this,” Dean said.
“They all are.”
Still, something in the angel’s piercing blue eyes seemed hopeful. And even this—Cas at his worst—set Dean’s soul aflame. He wanted to vomit out a thousand words to describe how much he’d missed the best friend he ever had. But he didn’t. Dean set his beer on Baby’s hood, leaned in, and hugged Cas. Not for too long, not too close.
Peace wasn’t an option. Not yet. There was no way Dean’s mind would allow him to have it without putting up a hell of a fight. But there was one thing that Dean thought might make the afterlife a little bit easier to wrap his head around.
Castiel glanced around the room, as if he were expecting to hear something.
. I’m gonna tell you.”
Dean shrugged. “It’s starting.”
Dean corrected Sam. “He didn’t bring
Dean breathed a sigh of relief.
Castiel pulled a perfectly formed, thornless red rose from behind his back. He outstretched his arm to hand it over.
It was Godzilla and Mothra all over again. Dean’s mind traveled to when he first met Cas, and then focused on where it happened. Hell. There was no getting it out of his thoughts. He maintained his happy face and finished the song, but he needed to get out of the bar and fast.
Dean froze at the realization that everyone in the Roadhouse knew.
that. When Jack resurrected the other angels and me from the Empty, I planned to help rebuild Heaven and then… I intended to ask him to remove my grace and let me live as a human.”
“Then we all carry on,” Dean said.
“I’m gonna take a guess these are yours and Cas’s greatest hits?” Sam wondered.
“Yeah. Because you’re weird, and you probably dance weird.”
There was no disappointment in Castiel’s voice, only concern. “You have nothing to apologize for. Just tell me what’s wrong.”
“That’s a metaphysical question—”
Dean sat up, concerned. “Cas?”
Castiel went along with it, as always.
,” Dean complained. He dropped his sword and fell to the ground.
“Nothing about this is funny,” Mary said.
“Dean. He said—”
Dean shrugged. “Kid’s got a point there.”
“Then what?” Sam asked.
“Forty years.” He tilted his head. “How long has it been for you?”
“Nothing,” Dean said.
“I recognize that my confession to you made you uncomfortable—”
“Yeah. The Empty
—and many of us want to restore order. Our father’s order. Our real father. His rules.”
After all the time he spent waiting for his brother to arrive so they could have this exact conversation, Dean wasn’t ready for it. The truth was too difficult to explain, so he settled on his usual self-loathing. “Sam, we’re in
“Look,” he said.
“Well… I’m trying to let the angels have free will. Most of them just want to stay here and help souls, which is great. We need that. Some of them want to go live on Earth and that’s fine. But some of them keep trying to start wars and enforce strange rules. One of them tried to smite someone for eating a shrimp. I can’t let them do that, can I? Free will doesn’t mean no consequences, right?”
“Don’t look at me. That’s above my pay grade,” Dean said.
“Hi, guys.”
“You don’t. You look at it and put them wherever you think they look good.”
He turned to find Cas. “Where have you been?”
Mary immediately scolded him. “
“Yes. Exactly.” Dean was positively giddy. “I haven’t fought anything in
There was no reply.
. Now he’s gone, and I’m stuck here with a family of angels who hate me and
Dean reseated himself with a spell book, planted a kiss on Castiel’s cheek, and took a look around the room at the life he’d always wanted. It was his, and no one could take it away.
“I’ve lived the vast majority of my life without them. Being tethered to a calendar was much stranger to me,” Castiel said.
Eileen pointed out a downside. “Everyone would come for it.”
On what he’d forced to be an early autumn day, the two men sat outside the bunker, on a red checkered blanket. As they unpacked food from a picnic basket, Dean eyed a sandwich with suspicion.
“You got your wings back,” Dean noted, as if it were normal to greet someone who loved you so deeply they fell from Heaven with small talk.
“What have you been doing all this time?” Sam was actually interested and enthusiastic. That made it so much worse.
“Yeah. Okay.” Dean rose to his feet, his eyes still locked on Cas.
“Dean, it’s all right. It’s not you I’m angry with. Not really.”
Dean answered with a sarcastic and hurried “Thanks.”
“Well, yeah,” Garth said. “Why would I be talking about
“You play shuffleboard, for one.”
“Cut the butter into small cubes,” Dean said. He realized that was vague and corrected himself. “Half-inch cubes.”
of excitement and joy and beauty and love, but when I look in your eyes there is still so much pain. And I... I know life was less than kind to you, but that’s over. I don’t understand why you seem so haunted.”
Castiel put a hand on his shoulder, and thought for a moment. “When you were young and you were caught with Lee… It was worse than you let on, wasn’t it?”
Dean got lost in thought. “I wonder if the other Castiels know the other Deans.”
“You’d know if you had—” Dean registered what the angel was doing. “You okay?”
Mary waved him toward a bookshelf. “Come on.”
“Castiel means ‘Shield of God.’ They’re essentially calling me ‘Shield of Beast’ because—”
Sam stepped toward him. “Are you okay?”
“The angels keep talking about me,” Castiel admitted. “They’re… quite cruel.”
“It was my first real meal when I was human,” Castiel said.
“I don’t think so,” Castiel said. He looked up at Dean from the bed, where he sat rubbing his fingers to his temples.
Castiel waited patiently.
He didn’t believe them, but there they were, forming the foundation of his self.
Castiel scowled. “I can take you back to Hell if you’d prefer.”
“Did you sleep well?” Castiel asked.
“I wish I could have seen that,” Mary said.
Castiel stood up. “Because this is what we fought for. Free will. Life was never meant to be the way it has been the last few years.”
“So he lived for forty eight years without you, plus the year you were in Hell, plus the year he was in Hell, plus the year we were in Purgatory, plus the four years he was at Stanford…” Castiel pretended to count on his fingers to get his point across. “That’s thirty years with you and fifty-five without—”
“No. I’m kidding. Chicken. Please. Cas.”
“—I was there. I know what he said.” Dean didn’t need to hear those three words. Not now.
For the longest while, they simply relaxed. Side by side, they leaned into one another, with Dean keeping one arm draped across the angel’s shoulder.
“I thought you ‘respected my privacy.’” Dean made air quotes around the phrase.
Castiel smiled slightly.
“Not yet.”
“What?”
“Complex?” Dean squinted. “They fly around and make honey.”
Dean actually smiled. “One last hunt?"
worrying about it.” His stomach twisted and turned. His throat tightened. “I keep trying to make it go away. I—”
Dean imagined himself as his father in those memories. He saw himself yelling at Jack, telling him he wasn’t family. Everything he hated about himself was still there. He’d hurt Cas. Again. Cas, who’d told Dean that his greatest fear was being unwanted. Dean had told him he was a burden. He began to cry, even as he continued his wave of destruction.
Dean’s breaths quickened and he could feel his body tense up. His Cock started to pulsating hot against his palm and leaking with clear and slippery fluid, the friction so good against the tip of his dick as he kept edging himself closer and closer to his orgasm.
Castiel squinted as he watched how the corner of Sam’s lip had curled up tightly to his ears. His laughter soon filled the car and Sam shook his head in between glances towards the angel. “That’s…” Sam chuckled and brushed his hair back from his face. “40 years in hell, and Dean still wanted
Dean looked at Crowley with one brow raised. It didn’t feel like the most enticing thing at the moment. To never die and watch centuries pass, feeling like a hopeless piece of roadkill until the end of everything, meanwhile everyone around him would rot in their graves. Unless he got to see flying cars…
Castiel had specifically told the motel owner that he didn’t require or want any room service, and that he’d rather not be disturbed by anyone. No one should be able to find him, he had set up wards against both angels and demons so that he wouldn’t be found. Like Sam and Dean had taught him, he also checked in with his alias that Dean had made him,
Castiel initially felt misplaced as they had encouraged him to join, but after some persuasion he soon found himself listening intently to the rules as Charlie explained. If the bottle lands on him, he gets to choose a truth or a dare. Dean had said that it was strictly obligatory to tell the truth and do the dare,
“…Cas, what the fuck have you done?” Dean whispered in the most judgmental manner he could muster, bracing himself to face him, so ashamed to actually do it.
"But I'm not-!"
but Castiel had his hips pinned down by his mojo, just like his hands on the bedsheet he still were pinching between his knuckles. Dean’s body vibrated. He wanted to touch himself so bad, one quick stroke and he’d spill over. He could feel it, especially how Cas was nudging at that spot in rhythmical circles since it was the motion Dean responded to the most.
Crowley squinted at him in moments of silence, but then smiled. Whether it was sincere of fake; Dean couldn’t tell.
“This is Castiel.”
“…Yes.” Castiel whispered, seemingly afraid to move. “… We don’t have much time...” He said as he slowly sat up, blinking dazed.
And the music? Right up his damn alley.
But also very wrong. A small string of him still clung onto his quota
was that he usually was fine with it back then. As God’s subject he was capable of sacrificing hundreds of people if it were for the greater cause, and he wouldn’t even feel
“So, what are you wearing?”
” Cas said as he remembered how he had been pushing all those buttons and startled himself, following close behind Sam. A car, that was basicly a robotic animal he feared would devour him if he pressed the wrong button.
Castiel didn’t listen, too occupied to sniff and breathe and lick and taste all of Dean’s naked body like the most curious, well borderline virgin. “…
But Dean stopped humping as he finally realized that Castiel was wasn't just trembling with pleasure, he was clinging onto him for dear life.
seals broke, and even then when I touched his soul, Dean was not broken… Nothing can jeopardize his love for pie, nor his love for-“ He was going to say his love for Sam, but found himself interrupted by the sudden change of facial expression on Sam’s face.
But somehow he got through to Cas. In some damn way the angel had managed to listen despite not even being fully present. Cas’s grasp turned soft and tender against Dean’s length, slowly massaging the last dribbles of come out the slit of Dean’s dick, rubbing his thumb over the mess of his pink acorn. Purring in delight with low vibrations whenever he felt Dean twitch and sob from flicking the thumb.
as it began to twist at his walls in careful circles, curiously exploring the boundaries one step at a time. All meanwhile Cas was lowering himself down on Dean’s body to straddle his curling feet after Dean had tried to fold his knees up.
It seemed to put Cas at ease, or at least encourage him to relax and go along with it. Because now he increased the phase in which he fucked into Dean’s mouth, shifting his hands to the back of Dean’s head instead.
Cas pov though! And a worried Sam :*
” He sobbed, feeling wildfire creep up inside him again, making his pelvis feel like a pressure pot. His body felt limp and tense at the same time, fingers tugged at the pillow he had his head rested on while he pressed his shoulders onto the bed, and his chin down to his chest. As if he had to see what the fuck was going on down there.
“Since when do you change clothes?” Dean chuckled in disbelief and put the phone on speaker mode on top of his chest. He propped one arm behind his head and relaxed his back against the pillow fully, getting himself more comfortable. Dean closed his eyes, picturing Cas being in front of him, blocking out any other sensory input other than his voice, his mind and the feel of himself rubbing and squeezing his dick.
Dean took a deep breath and held it, curling his lips stiff and nodding his head to himself in agreement to new insults flashing in his head. But he didn’t utter them. Perhaps what Castiel offered was for the best, it would rid him from the humiliation. He’d forget everything. The revelation of actually, maybe just… Feeling that he is attracted to Castiel, that he might just actually feel something close to resembling love towards him. He’d get rid of the icky feeling and bitter taste in his mouth.
that rubbed his dick moments before. It was still filthy and gooey with Dean’s semen.
(See the end of the chapter for
Perhaps he could borrow it for a while, just a tiny while before Dean came back,
The angel tugged him upwards with finesse, having Dean straddle him limp on his lap with arms around Cas’s shoulder. The angel kept fucking him into bliss, licking up traces of Dean’s come-streak where he could reach them, greedily with satisfied purring. As if Dean wasn’t overwhelmed and shivering enough in pleasured delirium.
Cas blinked at him, silently. He didn’t want to think about it because it still filled him with one of the most uncomfortable emotion he knew of:
Dean rubbed his eyes free from any goo or ash which still blurred his vision, more noticeable as he tried to focus. He squinted at his reflection, furrowing his brows to aid his sight. Vision still a bit blurry, but eventually clearing and unveiling two dark shadows where his eyes should be. His formerly green eyes who now had turned into the blackest of black, just like the endless void he had risen from moments ago.
Dean squeezed out in a breath, trying to buck his hips down on the ‘
“Ahah, Kay then! I’ll fucking kill everyone on this damn list. Then you’ll be gone- cus’ you’re jackshit and your twisted words are jackshit too!” Dean cursed out in the void, listening to his words, they were real. Real as the blood he was going to spill the next couple of days, proving to Cain that he was wrong. He’d kill them and have the problem solved. Then he’d get that first blade back before it played any new cards of obsession in his mind.
Sam grinned and threw a bag at him which his hands grabbed in the air purely on automat. His angelic reflexes and the eons of training didn’t let him slip. Although he wasn’t sure he trusted them all too much, seeing as he did trip on that water bottle back in the motel.
Dean turned the ignition key on and shifted his gear. He was determined, he would get there, fool Cas somehow and take him a hostage. Then he’d call Sam and make his younger brother choose between Cas’s life or Dean getting the blade. That was how it was going to be. He knew that Sam wouldn’t sacrifice the angel. This was the point of no return.
That was it even after John had died. But that same fact sparked something else in his mind, silently growing darker. The rollercoaster finally stooping to the bottom again, exhilarating and with ease.
“Perhaps.” Castiel nodded. Sam was right about Dean’s temperament, and it was only logical for it to be exaggerated now, but in his heart he still found disbelief.
Dean cried hitting at Castiel’s back to wake him from his trance. “
“…Damn it.” Dean sighed in defeat. He had offended her, and not going through with this would offend her even more. She didn’t refuse to text her ex, but Dean couldn’t give his friend who he’s known for years a simple kiss. A friend that he had been with through hell, purgatory, heaven, and all things in between. This should be easy as a fart in the wind, but still. He felt nervous because it was complicated with Cas. The angel made Dean feel warm in ways he shouldn’t. He felt attracted to him even though he didn’t have boobs or soft womanly features. Cas had a strong chest, a toned and rough body at the perfect amount. He had small speckles of hair beneath his belly button, leading down… down to…
“I might have been a little overwhelmed initially… This with you… You overwhelm me Dean,” He grinded, so smooth against their wet stomachs- as in belly dance stripper smooth. “Your body… The taste of you…” He groaned with another slow hump that lured out pleasured noises from Dean’s mouth. “
Cas eventually said as he froze on top of Dean. And well, that was not enochian gibberish, which Dean kind of found himself preferring now. He didn’t know how to face him,
“I really am,
He spasmed, and spasmed and spasmed with every damn rough stroke.
Sam’s hissing grunt initiated the final drop of Castiel’s blinding fury.
So he sat up too, draping the bedsheet over his crotch to make both of them comfortable. He scratched the back of his hair in a shy manor, a concerned furrow plastered his face. “S-so,” he coughed to clear his hoarse throat,
He turned on the lights in the bathroom and it flickered in a weak and yellow light, mild to his sensitive eyes who had grown accustomed to darkness. The lamp was so yellow in fact that he found his blue eyes appearing green as he stood in front of the bathroom mirror -
“F-fuck, Cas- I-I think I love you.“ He accidentally slipped out.
Castiel smiled and tugged at his hand firmly, urging him upwards. "Dean…" he whispered, so enticingly that it would be impossible refuse. Dean straddled him over his waist and looked down at Castiel’s flushed and pearly body, finding him to be extremely cozy-looking. But then the angel tugged Dean’s hand further up to his mouth and licked it clean of his semen, as if it were cookie batter, enjoying it so much he was grinning.
In a groggy state he slowly sat up and looked around only to find himself alone in the woods. At the palms of his hands that propped him from the ground, he sensed something soft and powdery. Dean looked down and found that he sat on top of a pile of ashes and charred wood.
Dean remembered that they hadn’t been alone. He turned to look at her, but she laid peacefully sleeping on the floor. How long had they been kissing for?
once in a while?” Dean growled in the most annoyed fashion he could while shaking his head. He could feel Crowley’s gaze burn into his neck in silence. So he turned around, and sure enough the king of hell just stood there and judged him as if he was a puzzle missing a piece. It was uncomfortable on a whole new level, as if Crowley was the shrink all of a sudden, poking inside Dean’s brain.
“Pardon my pandemonium.” Castiel replied flatly as he finally raised himself from the floor. He understood that the shock on the Winchester’s face was from his appearance, and the only way he could facilitate that was to take a seat on his bed on the side that would allow him to face the wall instead of the door. “How did you locate me?” He asked, perhaps for future references if similar events would occur where he actually wanted to be gone forever.
Dean growled and stole his feet back from under Cas to tug at the angel’s arms. He swiftly pushed him down on the bed and earned himself a surprised yelp from the angel at his eagerness. He was mad with desire, balls hurting and -
Initially when he had become a human he found the activity annoying, but now the concept of sleep was uttermost welcome to him. It was the type of escapism he needed for the moment. But he always found himself awoken by his phone, seeing as he still had no clue how to put it on silent mode. He had never been great at these technical devices but then again he hadn’t been interested in learning their functions- until now.
Castiel stared down blankly at his phone in silence, listening to the monotone beep of the disrupted call which seconds ago had been Dean’s voice talking to him. Initially it had him dare to feel the tiniest bit of hope, although that quickly changed. From joy, to confusion at the profundity of Dean’s questions, to an overall horrible and painful experience. Dean was so angry, seemed so hurt and rightfully so. Though somewhere Cas wished and hoped that Dean would’ve understood why he couldn’t let him die. Dean should know that he would always do whatever he could in order to save him, because Dean simply means that much to him.
He put the bottle down with a firm thud, frustrated over that the alcohol didn’t sanitize his taste-buds. The beer barely did anything really. As a demon, he found his tolerance to getting drunk even higher than it was before, and human Dean could drink loads in by himself. This was his eight beer and he just now started to feel a mellow buzz. He regretted that he hadn’t ordered something stronger already; but Crowley had left him here at the bar for hours and at least beer was an activity he found soothing even if it didn’t get him drunk. To sip slowly on the noose of the bottle and teeth down at the glass every now and then. Guess it was his way of being mindful, and that makes him kind of into mental balance,
Sam had fallen asleep just a few hours ago, exhausted from the tasks of yesterday. He had done all that he could to stop the bleeding despite the fact that Castiel had tried to heal Dean with his stolen grace. Sam refused to accept the fact that Metatron had stabbed him in a way that would be impossible to recover from. The single wound on Dean’s heart had been too fatal and deep. It was a painful sight that had burned its way permanent on the insides of Castiel’s eyelids. Every time he closed his eyes, all he saw was Dean dying and all he could hear was the sounds of Sam crying. His mind wouldn’t let him forget and it probably never would. The image only ever switched to when they laid Dean’s lifeless body to burn on the bonfire that him and Sam had prepared. To see his beautiful figure slowly burn away as if it were nothing, so easily gone and lost. His hazel green eyes turning into soot. All left would be ash, and dying embers in the wind.
Crowley let go of Sam who slumped to the ground, coughing and disoriented. The demon took a swift step to the side which dodged Castiel’s attack.
“Uh… truth?”
“I will get the blade. On my own. On my terms. I deal with Cas,
Cas slurped at him with a groan. “
His memory was going nowhere.
And he moaned confused noises into Dean’s neck, clawing at Dean’s flesh, leaving marks. “Y-you’re. God-” Dean whimpered and stared at the ceiling, bracing himself for the words that were going to escape out of his mouth.
“Yeah, whatever. Cas is full of bullshit double standard.” Dean snorted as he thought of the moment after Castiel had come back from purgatory, how Dean had put down all of his efforts to save him and get him the hell out of there. Cas was important to him, he was family. And because of that he had spent weeks feeling guilty, ruminating over when he had lost the grip of his hand just before they were sucked back into earth. But Cas, well apparently he just didn’t want to be saved. The angel had shown him that. He had wanted to stay, to be punished for the messed-up things he had done up until that point. Even Dean Winchester could see that Castiel suffered as he came back, and he did ask; Why Cas wouldn’t go up to heaven.
A thought that slipped out his lips without him even noticing it.
A great nausea struck Dean to his very core as the memories flooded back into his brain. His stomach twisted into knots and forced him to vomit a gray and gunky spew of ash and
And that’s when Dean felt that something wasn’t right.
Feathers. Castiel. He was another thing that Dean didn’t know how to feel about. The memories of Cas bringing him back from the dead showered him with bad memories and a bitter taste in his mouth, hence he found himself gulping down the last of his beer to get rid of it.
Because he made Cas happy, and Cas appreciated him… plus his attractiveness was amplified by infinity at the hands of the spell - so there’s that too.
But Dean had no idea how to help him, he seemed pretty deep into a slumber.
Dean stared at him, his frustration growing every second for some reason of Castiel’s negligent behavior. As if whatever happened last night was something to
“Hah, well I’m cool with that. Now shut it or leave it before they’ll be singin’
“Yes?”
“Yes, it seems to be a lead to my grace.” Castiel answered but he couldn’t force his voice to match the good news because of one tiny detail. He hadn’t felt the presence of his grace back in the library when he searched for the angel tablet. It couldn’t be there, but somewhere else, otherwise he would have sensed it. Time being of the essence, this couldn’t possibly be his first priority. His mission was to get Dean back to the bunker and make amends for his desperate action. The grace would have to wait.
Castiel tore off Deans shoes and pants completely, leaving him semi nude on the bed with his cock supported on his t-shirt. Dean watched him carefully get on the bed, clenching the sheets below him tightly in his fists. He was bracing himself for what was to come, and he felt lightheaded just thinking about it. The slippery goods on Castiel’s fingers began rubbing at his entrance and Dean gasped for air feeling them pressing their way in. “Oh, god!”
A common quota that Dean carefully lived by and let rule his life. As long as he wouldn’t utter the deepest and darkest thoughts that lured in his mind, they wouldn’t have any power over him. They simply wouldn’t exist. Because thoughts and emotions aren’t real, they’re easily manipulated- unlike a voice, his voice, and his ears as he would hear himself speak. Just as real as Cain’s voice felt. Just as Cain was wrecking that very quota which was crucial to his survival and sanity, that has started to feel real too.
Neither of them had any time to cuss or curse because Sam’s legs suddenly faltered and his long body crashed down into Castiel’s arm, limp and horrifyingly relaxed. Cas grew worrisome, feeling the stickiness back in Sam’s hair, and when he observed the palm of his hand he found it soiled in red.
A half-assed apologetic tone soon followed, “I’m sorry, but you were praying
“That so?” He said, trying to keep a steady voice. It came out as a heavy breath; he was getting close. He just needed a little more. A little more of Castiel’s voice, describing which of his clothing he was wearing so that he could fantasize about ripping them off his body like a gift wrap. Which t-shirt he would be nipping dirty from the laundry basket to sniff at if he were there in the bunker. “Which ones?”
Fine.
And there it was, silence, so welcome but tormenting at the same time because it was always followed by a wave of guilt. It had been a week since he last was in contact with Sam. The only person left that knew his phone number.
Dean’s hands dragged themselves down his cheeks and down onto the bed before he gave Sam the widest fake grin with a tilt of his head. “Yep, totally fine. Hell, I feel just awesome.” He lied in over exaggeration, shifting his position, and put his feet down on the floor.
Suddenly Dean stumbled backwards in his bedroom, down on the floor as his pants hung too low for him to balance from the sudden teleportation. He found Castiel’s crotch at his eye level when he had turned his head up in confusion. He saw him unzip his pants. Guess there was no bother to get up from the floor, he could see where this was going. As an iron feather Castiel’s member flew up as he had pulled down the waistband of his underwear. Dean suddenly found himself flinch; he was nervous again. What if he sucked at sucking? He’s only ever been on the receiver’s end; sure, he’s been thinking about it. How it would feel like to have a dick in his mouth. Sometimes curiosity almost got the best of him as he had been alone drinking at a bar. It hadn’t happened though, never did. But now he stood face to face with Castiel, stroking his cock inches away from his face.
The angel’s eyes flickered semi-open and the air around them suddenly appeared more moist as Castiel kissed back sloppily at him with a purr. He shyly rocked into him to chase the space between them from when Dean had leaned forward, but stayed there. His soft hands caressed Dean from his thighs up to his hips where he once again dug down his fingers. And he looked into Dean’s eyes with a raw emotion, hesitant as if wanting to make sure it was alright.
“Oookay…. Well, that’s good then, considering
heartbeat and feel the hot blood run under
It kind of hurt, in a way that made Dean realize that last night maybe hadn’t been ‘just a spell’. He felt played. Dean being the insecure teenage chick coerced into something fake by this eons older… teenage bad-boy with rowdy hair. Humiliated to the point were all of his muscles tensed up into stone.
. As if the corresponding partner wasn’t able to see the sun radiating on the sky. Even a blind man would know if the weather was ‘
The window was stained red as if sheeted with fine cellophane paper. The light from the full moon hitting the glass illuminated the room with a deep red. Blood was pooling on the floor and glistened like tiny speckles of diamonds. Every now and then the illusion would shatter momentarily as new drops would strike with a drip and a drop, disrupting the still puddle. Dean stood in the middle of the room, panting with eyes black and wicked, his hand holding a knife tightly gripped which fueled the feeling of his own twisted power and need for control. His knuckles would have been white, but they too were soiled in different shades of blood, both fresh and old. Just as his jacket, just as his hair, face and shoes. The only part of him that were free from stains was his back.
. He began to remember bits and pieces of what had happened. Gadreel had betrayed Metatron and tricked his servant into gaining the location of his secret library in Blaine, Missouri. Apparently Sam and Cas had been conversing with the
“You think I am so foolish?” Castiel threatened and gripped at Crowley’s throat with his other hand, restricting his airways tightly and breathing in the air heavy that he denied the demon. He raised his free hand to deliver a new blow. “That I do not know what the blade risks succumbing him to?”
The door closed shut before he knew it, and Dean was all alone. Anxiety creeping up on him and snaring itself around his throat.
“You’re so damn stupid.” He growled kissing him. “Unbelievably stupid.” Cas eyed him with wide eyes. “I fucking hate you.” Dean kept going with tears in his eyes, pushing him down onto the bed and kept stealing at his lips as if taking back everything that Castiel was going to take away.
He swallowed on nothing and put the phone down on the sink slowly. He looked at himself in the mirror to observe himself just like he had been doing in the motel. Questioning what he had become.
“… Come on Cas, you’re obviously inside. Can we please talk about this?” The manner of Sam’s voice was pleading, hurt, and made Cas feel horrible but also forced to answer him.
“I see, she is very skilled with those devices.” He replied with a nod and slumped shoulders who soon turned tense as he could see Sam’s shadow growing larger on the wall. He had mustered up the courage to enter the room.
Dean found himself mute and riddled with questions. This time fully clothed, the only thing left was to adjust the sleeves of his shirt which he did. Fiddling with the buttons and folding the fabric in to a comfortable position as he stared at Crowley with parted lips. He couldn't do anything else than that, trying to comprehend it all.
“Lack of hygiene and personal grooming…” He muttered. It was one of the top listed things,
“Stop that, just”
Sam had gone straight to the Impala, but Castiel found himself forced to watch just a little while longer. A form of self-punishment over failing them again, but also a moment to pray that the curse would work before picking up the first blade that laid untouched by the fire.
Then even harder as he found himself cradled in his arms, in Castiel’s arms. Blood speckles tarnished the pained expression the angel displayed, his face so close to his, as many times before.
“Fuck- Cas, i-if you donnn’taah-” Dean whined desperately, squeezing tightly on Cas’s shoulders to channel the forbidden emotion unwrapping in his gut. “aaas-s-stop squirming I’ll fuckinggg!” Dean bit down his lips as his body began shake, hips thrusting upwards into Castiel- and thanking the whole cosmos that there was a duvet separating their crotches and most of his stomach.
Sam had frowned and reprimanded Dean for this, saying that it was an inappropriate thing to joke about. Though Cas never understood why, not even when Metatron had downloaded all the pop culture references. Raymond Babbit was simply a man portrayed to be autistic and Savant –
Dean snapped his gaze at Crowley, involuntarily so as if something alien in his mind suddenly pulled the strings. He found that greedy part wax inside his chest again, making his heart throb out of the ugliest shade of jealousy he had ever felt, tightly followed by worry.
“So, a demon huh.” Dean said and took a slow sip on his beer while letting that sentence sink through him down to his merrow. Eyes gazing further in the distance like he could see through the wall that was in front of him in the bar. He didn’t really know how to feel about it. Everything had felt different since he woke up, like he was slipping in and out of a weird haze of emotions. The only thing he could compare it to was when Sam had performed one of their many at home surgeries. They had been on a hunt where a shapeshifter had fired towards Dean with a shotgun and some of the shards pierced through his skin. He had been lucky, the shapeshifter sucked at aiming so it could have been much worse,
Crowley countered his attack, grabbing Castiel’s fist just before it would strike at his face. His face now bloody and blue, matching the redness of his eyes from the hypoxia of his possessed body. Castiel glared at him as the blood of his eyes spread in unity with smoke rising, showing his true form as a red eyed beast of hell. Suddenly Castiel found a great force striking at his gut which caused him to fly back and crash into a tree. He felt the air suck out of his lungs as he slumped down on the ground, coughing and gasping. Crowley propped himself up and wiped his lips, looking at the blood and seemingly annoyed over the soiled state of his coat, but it soon warped into yet another grin albeit a twisted one.
Dean tried to answer him, but found that he couldn’t speak anymore, despite wanting to tell him so much... Yet again he could feel the tears pushing their way out- but soon comforted. Castiel reached out to touch the coldness of his cheek, so warm and welcome against his skin. And he leaned into it, so tired but still wanting to hold on to Cas’s caress.
“Aight, I’ll think about it.” Dean said and placed the list on the nightstand, he was going to think about it,
He leaned back and let the booze flow through his circulation, from his toes up to his brain. It wasn’t much, but enough to make him feel more relaxed,
“Ah, well let’s get that tush some shush before shall we? You’re awfully distracting. Brought you flannel, your favorite.” Crowley said as he threw a bag of clothes on the ground.
So, how come he still feared Cain’s words?
“Do you want to do it again?”
It was Life.
“So, you borrowed Dean’s Walkman huh?” Sam asked. Cas was happy he walked behind him; else he wouldn’t be able to continue this light conversation. He didn’t want Sam to see the troubled look on his face, it felt impossible to hide it at this moment.
It was ridiculous but he couldn’t help but to whimper needily just at the thought, grasping at his own throat to suffocate every damn desperate noise that wanted to escape from his lips. Just thinking about it… how those thrusts would feel inside him.
Only, he wasn’t done explaining what the curse meant.
- had told him. And that sucked. So much in fact that he had spent his last few days slipping back into old habits. Seeking out women every nigh just to sleep with. Because Dean didn’t want to be alone with his thought, he didn’t want to think about Cas or Cain – he needed to convince himself that it still wasn’t true, or at the very least; that it had no power on him.
drunk anymore. He assumed the demon blood was working its magic through him to metabolize the alcohol. Still, he felt that nice buzz which he loved, just at the point of no return before you’ve had a glass too much to drink.
“You fucking idiot.” He blurted out, grabbing Castiel’s wrist before he could do anything more stupid. Cupping Castiel’s neck with his other hand and crashing their lips together, letting all of this pent-up hurt channel right through their lips.
’, feeling the warmth on his skin. Secondly the phrasing of that specific question was more of an implying nature as if the sun equaled nice weather, completely cutting out the fact that some do prefer rain.
I just want answers here, Cas. I saw him die, I saw his body burn but your message… Just- Is he alive?”
But just as Dean was about to close his eyes he heard Metatron project a raw scream, sickening enough to make Dean shudder. A light glowed in his periphery, and he mustered up the strength to turn his head towards it. The false god was not grinning anymore but gurgling as white essence seeped through a gaping wound at his throat. Metatron’s head was mercilessly yanked to the side which uncovered another figure standing behind him, sucking the blue light into his mouth like a telepathic vampire. His eyes radiating with a color much like the blue Myosotis. Bedridden blackish-brown hair, a trench coat, and a silvery blade tightly clutched in his hand. Dean watched him greedily gorge on Metatron as if feeding his need for revenge.
And then Castiel let his breath out with a long and shaky ‘
“Ah, fuck Cas… we shouldn’t… We
Dean watched him take off, paralyzed, and puzzled over the course of the event. He’s never seen Castiel embarrassed like that before, then again he hadn’t been this embarrassed in front of Castiel either.
Cas is moping in his motel room basicly ((:...
He kept fighting on, trying to squirm himself loose as he felt the flash sending a weird burning meandering inside him. Like a match it set a fire deep within his stomach and filled him right up with the sensation of a carbonated drink, bubbling at his reward system as if spamming the ‘
!” Dean moaned after a sharp gasp as he felt the tension release from his body into a fountain of come. He released the grip of his cock squirting up against his stomach and pushed his head backwards hard, quickly wiping off the sweat pearling on his forehead down to his lips where he clasped his hand to silence his moans from his ongoing orgasm.
"I love you, Dean."
Sam.”
“You’re having an orgasm, Cas. Chill. Just freaking breathe, okay?” Dean basically sobbed himself both wanting to flee, wake up, move to another planet and never return. But also sobbing at how great it felt to hear the angel’s frightened pleasure, it was exhilarating in a sick sadistic way, perhaps even honorable to be experience this sensation with him. “You’ll be ‘aight, just let it happen. It’ll be over soon.” He tried to comfort him as he palmed the back of Cas’ head, the poor angel had probably never…
Crowley exhaled through his lips and rolled his eyes nonchalantly. Dean eyed him as he reached a hand into the pocket of his black overcoat. He fiddled out a box, clearly older than the queen of England, and Dean couldn’t help but to raise his eyebrows as he saw what the king of hell uncovered from it. It was a small hand mirror, awfully feminine in Crowley’s chubby fingers, embossed in silvery roses and decorations. But then Dean remembered that Crowley did like flashy things, so it wasn’t too surprising.
The angel mouthed sloppily at his chest, but that was an impossible request, especially feeling those lips on his skin. If anything, it was Dean that needed saving,
He didn’t know. They soon enough distorted into a mellow nothing, hardly any ounce of sympathy for his brother. Again, Dean felt that something was different in his head. His fingers fiddled, stroking the nail of his thumb as he blinked and puzzled his way through his thoughts. The weird calm, the tickle of greed. His stomach wasn’t nauseous anymore despite the bitter taste in his mouth. He had died- but he didn’t care. Crowley had seen him naked- and he didn't care.
“I’m sorry I can’t be of any assistance, operating a vehicle... It seems like a complicated thing. Such as Dean’s Walkman
But welp- this has been my outlet :*
No. He couldn’t let Cain prod at his brain and extract the hidden want in his mind. Because every time Dean had been weak enough to even dig one of them out himself- it had turned corrupt and bitter. Waxed into absolute shit and left him with a bigger crater in his soul than was there before. Trying out a demo version and knowing what he’s missing out on is worse than simply denying having a taste in the first place.
“No, I will speak to him alone and you will stay here… we cannot exit together.” Castiel said as he stepped off the bed, and Dean eyed him wide with furrowed brows, as ‘in
…” Castiel sighed in admiration. “I’m manipulating molecules in the air.”
He gulped, the whole experience had been crazy weird, just as when his mind had snapped before where he wanted to gut Crowley like Peppa the pig. Dean adverted his eyes from the demon as he suddenly realized that he was being analyzed by him. He searched for some way to play it off cool but his mind ran blank. He had been thinking so much and now he got nothing left. Then as if he couldn’t baffle Crowley any more he bent down to pick up a pair of socks from the floor for no apparent reason. Now just standing there in a towel, holding a pair of socks.
fetch it, well either one of you will after I’m done incapacitating the other.” Crowley grinned, but just as he began walking a bang split through the air and stung Cas’s ears. The demon winced and cried out. Sam had shot him in the arm, the gun still smoking from the metallic nose.
“Well, haven’t got the blade now do I? Not even a gun to my name, everything’s at the bunker.”
A rustle of the leaves.
“Oh, Castiel, look at that furious frown! Still mad about the other day?” Crowley snickered at him, mocking him again, just as before. “Wearing your boyfriends clothing too? My, oh my. I assume the grace issue really has escalated, downwards that is.”
“You know that angels aren’t exactly materialistic beings, Sam.” Castiel replied flatly, but then eyed the roof as he remembered. “Although there is Sachiel… He owns
The voice grew louder and sharper. Eventually morphing into a deafening ring, piercing through his ear drums in the ghastliest torment. He would’ve cupped his ears if it weren’t for the sudden bolt of pain striking his head like a thunder, throwing him off balance. Dean wheezed in distress and grappled a nearby tree for support, all he could do was scream his lungs out and seam his eyes shut. Flashes appeared before his eyelids, pictures that flooded him through the blurry clouds of forgetfulness, burrowing deep into his brain like rusty nails.
He flipped the lid open with a click that made his neck hair stand straight, because he didn’t really associate that sound with shoving something up his ass. Though he wanted this – and the way Castiel eyed at him too with endearingly large pupils, Dean knew Cas felt the same thing.
Crowley crossed his arms and lowered his chin down to his chest, eying Dean through the strands of his black and long eyelashes. Dean’s eye twitched. Instead of a shrink Crowley had now morphed into his fucking first grade teacher interrogating him about who put the needle pins on her seat, dead set it was him, and she was just as dead right about it too.
“Uh-huh? So… you’re
Castiel tried to respond, but no words escaped from his mouth, only the small clouds of his breath ridden with crystal-like frost. His throat felt heavy like it was filled with stones. Not even a whimper could escape his lips.
They had no clue over the many times he had touched their foreheads and nudged their dreams into those of joy and peace.
“Ah, that’s delightful, truly is.” Crowley chuckled as he clapped his hands together. Castiel flinched at the smack which pulled him out of his cloud of thoughts. It seemed like the demon had gotten his answers. “It could be a good thing, you know... The whole lot of you could do with some time apart. Perhaps, take up on a hobby, get to know yourself, yoga on the beech etcetera…”
plopped up in Dean’s mind watching him, and well, that
“You just going to stand there mute like Mini-me or start talking?” Dean snapped as Crowley hadn't answered his question yet.
He didn’t want to be face to face with his phone, because he already knew who it was since the only contacts he had on his list were the Winchesters. It couldn’t be Dean since all of his possessions were stored inside the bunker.
. Because in this moment he felt his body go rigid, toes turning like a ballerina dancing, and his body tickled as if every single one of his limbs needed to sneeze.
It made his blood-flow increase its velocity in more ways than arousal- but it also made him the more desperate to feel him. “Just freaking fuck me,
“Cas, w-what are you..!” Dean choked on a confused moan, feeling the
“Certainly
Suddenly he heard the voice that had whispered sweet nothings into Dean’s ears yesterday… all day and almost all night. Breaking his Silence.
He raised his eyebrows and read the last parts in silence. Sam watched intently and even more so when he saw a small tug at the corner of Castiel’s lip, before he folded the paper back neatly and tucked it in his pocket... or Dean’s pocket. Anyway, Cas deemed that the note should have to wait for another time.
Dean heard a sharp inhale and felt a last jerk before Castiel rendered completely rigid, squeezing harder and harder at Dean’s arms through each passing second he held his breath. The angel stretched his neck, mouth brushing past Dean’s earlobes which sent bliss straight into his brain.
“And that’s totally fine, Cas. I won’t push it. My door’s open though, if anything’s bothering you. I’m here to listen okay?” Sam reassured with one of those sweet and caring looks again.
He let his hands trickle down below his naval onto the rems of his pants, needing more.
He couldn’t want him; it couldn’t be anything more than a coincidental obsession. It meant nothing.
Dean sighed, no use in moping... Cas was already back to acting weird, wiggling his hips a little too much now and pulling on his own clothing.
“Wait… Cas. Not important? That’s- did he mean your grace?” Sam looked perplexed, but hopeful as he stuttered the words. It was nice to have someone care and share good news with.
“No Cas, it’s okay. He would’ve hung up.” Sam said in a way to insure Castiel that it wasn’t him he was hurt by, but it was something Cas only could interpret as a half-truth at the least. “I just… I’ve spent days and nights with all of this,” He said gesticulating his hands at all of his research. ” and he’s… Sure he’s a demon but he’s still my brother. I’ve put down this much energy and he still hasn’t gotten in touch with me.” Sam sighed and shook his head as if what he felt right now didn’t matter.
Dean closed his eyes, letting the plead of the angel burn into him.
The Winchester blinked, shocked to be pulled out of his mind so suddenly. Though grateful, as it seemed to silence Cain and the nonsense he would spew in his mind,
Dean whined desperately, wondering over when he became such a confident… sadistic… son of a bitch in through clouds of pleasure taking over his body in a painful way.
Cas looked up to the sky, sun rays peaked through from the branches and struck his face as if to comfort him. The rain had stopped, and clouds were clearing but still glistening droplets would fall from the trees and land on his face. It would’ve been a beautiful day.
. Dean could feel his gaze burn at him as he himself crouched down closer to the mirror, as if he anticipated some sort of grandiose reaction.
Dean had turned off the lights in Charlies room and just now closed the door. One problem taken care of, now to the next one… He thought as he moved along the corridors.
“Oh, Dean... That was…” Dean heard Castiel growl in front of him with such admiration that he couldn’t help but to smirk at the loss of words from the angel.
Cas nodded and gave him a shy smile. It was nice to feel that he wasn’t alone. All he had at this point was the Winchesters, despite only half of the cake as of now. At the moment it was enough for him to keep going.
That shut it off.
? Just shove it in the bag and toss it in the ocean.
I just really needed a little something, something to make a certain someone mad.
Then sleep came to him. In dreams where he might meet Dean, he certainly could feel his presence.
Seeing the demon made Castiel forget everything about his morning and of Sam’s recent grin. Instead, it just brought him straight back to their last encounter in the woods.
“He interrogated me of my momentarily activities. I am perplexed as to why.” Castiel explained with the same confusion on his voice that he felt in his mind.
Cas knew that the probability of Sam contracting rabies from the injury was highly unlikely and closing in on zero, but he could think of more than a million other microbes that could turn Sam’s wound into a festering infection.
“Uh, yeah. Totally.” Dean lied plainly and swirled the whiskey before taking a whiff to busy his mind from his previous inner dialogue with Cain. Normally he would just take a swig no matter the brand, but now he found himself analyzing the aroma of the spirit. Sweet like caramel with hints of malt and…
Just one beer. Just one call. Just this one time, then I’ll stop.
“Dean, It is urgent that we speak- uh,
Castiel glanced down at the toilette and sighed. It felt as if his bladder would burst open after he had stood up from the bed, but he was out of paper.
Suddenly the reality of his situation began to make itself clear in his mind and it made him feel sick. Crowley had just confirmed what he had feared. A draft of melancholy for his brother struck him. Sam had buried him, thought that he had lost him again. And that revelation ailed him with a deep pain to his brotherly heart. The emotions were back again and filled him with want to get back to his brother and tell him that he alive. That they’d be together and be a family again, that he’d take care of him as he always had and always would.
Glhf, Dean.
by the way? It feels only natural if he’d be here too.”
“And that’s supposed to solve my whole, coocoo problem that you apparently know all about?” Dean asked, swirling his finger in circles with his temples, glancing up from the paper to eye at the devil.
. “Just snap out of it damn it and answer me.” Dean now commanded with fingers snapping in front of Castiel’s trance.
But that would mean a life without Sam, which basically had been his whole life up until this point. Making sure that he was okay and safe like an overprotective dragon guarding his most valuable treasure. There was never a question about what he himself wanted, or ‘doing the fuck he wants’ as Crowley had delicately worded. His life was ruled by John’s words imprinted in his mind;
Because Cas had robbed him the chance before of saving him in purgatory. Which was one other thing that added to Dean’s injustice in life. Castiel was another person who he needed and loved that just wound up and left him… and it wasn’t the same as with Bobby dying. This was a choice Castiel made. After everything that they’ve been through he made the choice to leave Dean, despite how important Castiel was to him, and despite the fact that he was family. Dean hadn’t realized that it still bothered him
. With some cunning you’ll get the blade, get back to me. We’ll have a blast, alcohol, women, orgies- you can have
. He didn’t remember once in his life where he had been carrying notes on his body. His memory was explicable as all other angels, and the size of an endless encyclopedia. He didn’t need
Dean growled with a newfound sudden yearning for him, feeling his hand move against Castiel’s cheek, thumb pressing softly at his bottom lip as he felt a compulsion to just explore it. “Why do I find you so hot, Cas???” Dean groaned in aroused agony. Frustrated that he felt his cock twitch to life yet again through the wet, fresh and sticky mess of come smearing around in his boxers.
The angel moaned softly against his fingers.
” Dean had taught him that word.
Uni is stealing my time too, barely have any time for drawing ): (or breathing for that matter)
Oh, no… something was absolutely not right at all.
None of them had left the bed once since Dean had edged Cas back from the bathroom. They were glued down at each other’s beings and only parted their bodies to suck, grind and rub each other off. Which was something they had done more times than Dean could count on both of his hand at this point. That kiss had just ignited something inside his mind and body, and assumably inside Castiel’s too, because since then everything had started to feel more… okay.
. And this he knew wasn’t a good thing, because Castiel is an angel who doesn’t need to sleep, which could only mean something serious had happened to him.
“… I am. I am changing into clean attire...” The angel was hesitant, Dean could hear it on his voice. So adorably perplexed. Probably thinking about what the purpose of this call was... And so desperate to please that he’d actually reply and continue the conversation despite not gaining any intel. He’d probably not even hang up if Dean told him exactly what he was doing right now.
The blood eagle for those who doesn't know is an execution mentioned in norse litterature, being viking age litterature. They would (though it is debated) actually keep the victim in a belly down position and detach the ribs from the spine and hang out the lungs like wings.
“Kay. Count to ten out loud. Let’s get this over with.” Dean said trying to be vocal about what a chore this was. Still not facing the angel. Charlie saluted at his order and turned around.
Yes, every day the younger Winchester would call him, and text him, then call him again, and text him some more. Ever since the day Dean rose from his death and got snatched away by Crowley. The very same day that Castiel had sent Sam a text message as he had stood in the forest, soaking wet, after Crowley had departed from him. The message was something in the lines of:
“That’s great news, Cas! We can get your grace back!” Sam cheered, but Castiel didn’t share the triumph. He did the opposite of that, shoulders slumping down and a soft sigh escaping his lips. This was probably the opening he had waited for, to tell Sam about his phone call just moments ago. He waited a few painful seconds until he finally broke the silence when Sam asked him ‘what’s up’.
Somehow the fiery sky didn’t feel beautiful anymore. It pulsated with the echoes of Dean.
Dean grimaced and wiped the gray gunk dribbling down the corner of his mouth with his arm. A sudden cold gust of wind made his body shiver and he hugged himself to keep warm. He looked down to his chest, trying to find a wound where he had been pierced, but there was not a single trace left of even the tiniest prick. Remembering all of this only left him more confused. He didn’t understand why he was alive again, nor alone or what Castiel had meant. It looked as if the angel knew something that Dean didn’t, and it angered him.
“So uh… You want me to kill… Professor White who was dealt 10 years in order to… get away with soliciting his student.” Dean felt disgusting reading that last part, but despite fantasizing about this moments ago he felt a knot grow in his stomach, two sides clashing at each other, demon Dean vs human Dean. As much as Professor White deserved whatever thing that was coming to him, he still wasn’t a supernatural creature. But then again the dude was practically an incubus.
Dean, Sam, and Charlie sat on the floor one night in the bunker. Sam had just departed as soon as he saw their friend Castiel entering the room. It had been his chance to sneak away and go to bed without ruining the party,
I need a little time.
The cemetery radiated a barren somberness, feeling haunted enough that even the trees appeared dead and naked with no leaves. As if Dean’s emotions channeled through the nature and energy, ruling over the vicinity with a vibrating depression. It felt so wrong and nothing felt beutiful anymore.
But perhaps the blade actually was the thing that he needed to not be feeling like this anymore.
(Dean's not going to like that bursted lip)
“Yes that makes sense.” Cas replied and soon found himself with his forehead against the window again, seeing the rain dribble down, lost in thought.
Cas sucked his teeth in disapproval as Dean pushed him down the bed, probably from the lack of body contact and the abrupted kiss. “Mmno…” He whined and tried to prop himself up, but Dean wouldn’t allow it.
… a thought flashed his mind. This was a chance for him to not allow shit happening to him, but a chance for him to cause shit to happen at the power of his own hands. He was a knight of hell, he was Cain 2.0 for all he knew. And demons take what they want. His hand had in a way become powerful, a feeling that was estrange to him and made him look at it. Clenching his fist, opening the fingers back up as the warm water dashed down on his knuckles. He did like that feeling, it was a good one...
But when he would find them finally succumbing, whenever their souls were leaving their bodies to be snatched down into the inferno awaiting them; Dean felt empty and somber again. He would think about the angel, and if he found that it hurt just a little too much, he needed to fetch another fleshy aspirin to torture.
“Let him go.” He growled and charged with his blade, hyperalert over the struggled sounds from Sam who was choked by the air controlled by Crowley.
“Do you have any fucking clue, what that feels like? To stand by in the dark, seeing it, every damn new wrinkle that grows on his face, while I… While I remain the same?!”
The blinding light from outside darted at his eyes and he couldn’t help but grimace and groan, holding his elbow up to gain some easing shadow over his vision. As he steadily got used to it he found himself advert his eyes from Sam after seeing how his face turned from angry to a worrisome pity. The Winchester had been quiet and simply darted his eyes all over what the sun cast light on in his room. All the garbage, his greasy hair, his stubble and the orange cheese doodle stains on his clothes. It was too embarrassing to look at him.
Castiel flinched, hearing the sudden banging of the front door and spun around to peek out from the bathroom. He squinted his eyes, feeling nervous as he saw the shadow of a man crouching by the windows, trying to peep inside through the blinds, swiftly alternating between different angles and levels.
Still the feeling lingered back at his mind as he stared at the chrome of the pipes, seeing a warped image of himself, an extended face in the metal. He couldn’t help himself, blackening his eyes to truly see what was there. Himself a demon. A hysteria bubbled up in his gut all the way to his throat, and he couldn’t help but to suddenly burst into laughter at the sad mess his life was,
He prayed.
Cas stopped by the door, glancing down at himself. “Right. I forgot nudity is frowned upon…”
“Ah... haah… aaaah... aaaahhh!!!” Dean moaned, feeling his orgasm hit him everywhere in continuous waves –
Dean let out a shaky breath as he stared at Castiel with wide eyes. He had unconsciously enjoyed the view so much that he still hadn’t managed to leave the bed. Cas was like a magnet, and it surprised Dean to see his body. Somehow he had never pictured Cas being that muscular and toned. He had always looked so small underneath his huge trench coat, but damn… he was perfect.
“Do you have any fucking clue, Cas?!” Dean repeated with a roar that shocked the air around the cemetery, each wave felt a hammer hitting a nail to Castiel’s heart, deeper and deeper down. Then Dean turned around, his eyes black and demonic, staring at him. Betrayal stained his face which leaved Cas with the most bitter taste of hemlock in his mouth. He felt poisoned, poisoned by his own doing. It was all wrong. This wasn’t the end Cas had wanted.
“Ah, so that’s what this is about?” Dean said and dropped his sandwich. Crowley had ruined his appetite.
Which was true. Cas hadn’t been a mindless horny beast for a while now. Instead, he was an
It was a turn on that made Dean moan a shaky voice-wobble, and that in turn made Castiel edge into a full hump-frenzy. Mouthfucking Dean as if he was an object with no boundaries, merely a tool used to get from point A to point B, and it felt so fucking great that he had to stroke his damn dick again while fighting back the gag reflexes.
, Sammy?” He asked slyly, mean, scared, frustrated, ‘rather not think about it, but had to ask anyway’.
“Okay.” Cas echoed and went over to take a seat beside him, closer than what made Dean feel comfortable at this point.
He said, and looked into Dean’s eyes.
Oh, and I guess I'll stick with uploading every Sunday. When I ain't dead after work!
… an asshole.” He chuckled at his own lame joke, sending a vibrating air-thrust inside Dean the size of three fingers at this point. It made his whole insides turn into a heated warmth, come oozing out in a bead of his yearning cock. It was not enough to make him orgasm but enough to make him feel crazy. Cas tilted his head at the response, aroused fascination plastered on his face, as if he had wanted to try that for a while.
but it was one of the few luxuries provided by living on borrowed grace. He was borderline human and the less power he had, the more he felt human needs… such as - in this case - sleep.
Castiel placed the framed photo down again, his hand brushing past the headphones of Dean’s Walkman. He wasn’t much for music himself. More so he found the sounds of nature and the world living and breathing to be soothing enough. The rustles of the leaves as wind struck, the call of a raven, children playing in the rain and laughter from inside a bar. But Dean loved music,
“Black sweatpants, a black t-shirt branded Led Zeppelin, a pair of gray socks and gray boxers. Why do you require this information? “ Castiel asked but Dean’s mind stuck at the mention of underwear. Cas would be wearing his pair of underwear. His cock would be touching something that had been touching his own dick. Castiel could wake up in the morning with a morning wood pressed up against
Reality came and smacked him in the face, causing him to gulp and stare down at his bloody hands, and at the butchered man, and his anthill of corpses. What the fuck had he done?
“Uh-uh.” Dean said with a voice sounding like a
with a tug on his lip corner as a reply.
And it felt so good being ridden by him. Everything felt so good as they shared hot and bothered breaths, both of them moaning every time Dean went in further and further with his fingers, brushing past Cas’s uvula.
“Told ya, boy. I fricken told you. Best part, you’ll never feel a hangover again.” Crowley exclaimed and threw his hands up as if he were throwing glitter in the air to really annunciate this fact. This was another revelation found incredible to Dean, ever since he passed the age of 25 the aftereffects of alcohol had just gotten more and more worse after a late-night drinking.
Still no answer.
“I made you a promise and I will find a way Dean. I did not mean for things to turn out this way, please understand that. If you only came back to me-“
He had been occupied with this it all day, moving from one dead body to another and piling them up like an anthill of a putrid massacre. He felt himself forced to. Doing this,
Sam being Sam could see straight through it, for he gave Cas's shoulder a light squeeze.
“Mind stepping aside for a bit, Sammy? I just need to talk with Cas in private for a while. Wouldn’t wanna embarrass him too much, aight?” Dean said, proceeding to nudge Sam at the door.
Not wanting to leave anything to waste.
gently going in and out of his damn asshole… and that same weird
But he had stopped walking, eying down Crowley like a rival animal and searching for any lie in his face. Crowley had been trespassing on his territory, a fact that spread a wicked tingling underneath his skin of madness. Cain didn’t help that feeling at all. His voice had prodded at his mental walls and Dean could feel it silently slip through a freshly made crack… and the thing running out was something that he suppressed whenever he thought of the angel at times. Whenever Castiel would stare at him with that burning gaze as if staring down into the depths of his soul, unapologetic and intimidating. Just as he had done when he cradled Dean in his arms as he lay dying. It was a feeling that he had deemed forbidden and he had managed to ignore it for quite some time… but now it had been warped into something distorted and intoxicating. Something he wanted to chase and claim.
Dean stalked him with his eyes, mechanically.
“Fine, keep your secrets.” Crowley sighed in surrender and stepped away from the man. “So, what do you say, call it a wrap? Play some pool, have a few beers? The night is young.” He said and clapped his hands together, assuming that Dean was fit for a fun night out after killing off another compilation of contracts. Either this was Crowley buying into Dean’s acting of being able to massacre without feeling shit about it, or it was Crowley acting like a snake wanting to slither out information from him.
Cas raised his chin which made Dean’s finger slide out of his mouth, having him growl at the loss of sensation he wanted to feel more off,
It was his brother who was crying, wounded on the grass and cursing at the man, at Metatron.
“Shut up. Who’s to say I only manage one round.” Dean managed to say despite not feeling quite so cocky. Castiel raised his eyebrows as he saw the possibilities in front of them.
Dean’s heart raced picturing him, now with some more clarity in his formerly cursed brain. Nude, cock, semen, lips, nipples and oh-sweet-ecstasy on his face – it all flooded his mind and he blushed bright pink. He cupped his cheeks, letting his cold-sweaty hands cool him down as he gazed down on his feet. Cas had even put his shoes on.
“Cut the bullcrap, you don’t get to be sorry. I mean, what, you just took a leap of faith and cursed me? Then what? Do you even know how to get rid of this shit?” Dean grabbed the phone and scolded at him, sitting up and wiping everything off of his stomach in a frenzy with the bedsheets. He still felt filthy, but his anger had the upper levarage at this point.
“I could say sorry again, but I don’t see how telling it a third time would improve anything.” Castiel replied.
. Sam had done his best with extracting the sharp metal splinters after the hunt was over inside their old crappy motel room. After a few weeks however, Dean found a hard lump at the backside of his shoulder when he had been performing a thorough shower after a gory hunt. Seeing as they were at the bunker with time on their hands, Sam used some old anesthetic which they had lying about in the infirmary. Dean didn’t feel any pain at all as his brother had pressed the scalpel through his skin, or the forceps digging around into his muscles. He did however feel the pressure at his bones and the underlying flesh. The emotional haze was just like that.
. Curiously, he sat down on the chair closest to him and grabbed the paper from Sam and slowly read “Bransg c qew madriax. dorpha lap g lansh maasi g a salman c iadnah…” out loud.
Though Dean didn’t like to blame anyone for his own behavior, he knew that this - at least partly - was a product of the usual cliché of;
“He also said to
coming from a literate angel that barely even knew how to read between the lines. “Because you look…
Castiel was quiet, collecting his words, and Dean was quiet, stuck in his own mind.
Sure, he and Sam may have a habit of engaging blindly in some not-so-small-things, not really thinking about what the consequences would be despite it sometimes ruining some cosmic world order. But it was always out of the good of their hearts. Whenever they’d hurt each other doing those mistakes, they always tried to do better. Lie, fight, make up, repeat – that was the endless tale of the Winchesters. But the main reason Dean found himself frowning was that it had been Crowley’s idea all along to let Cain curse him in order to get the first blade, and obviously the king of hell knew more about the curse than what he had shared from the beginning.
Dean groaned and bit down the bottom lip, closing his eyes again and involuntarily but desperately reached down one hand to pull out his cock, squeezing the base firmly with a tremor as if to shake off the horniness from it, or strangle his arousal. The bedsheet slid off his shoulder, but he didn’t care about that anymore being alone.
I've been listening to Rod Stewart non-stop, I don't know why. Please send help.
“Uh-huhh…?” He used to mask a moan, cutting him off again -
he moaned in heat.
The thumping of the door continued as Castiel quietly sneaked out of his room, laying as low as he possible could –
“Damn it Dean…” Sam muttered. “It doesn’t matter the way you do it, Cas. What’s important is getting the hair clean.” Castiel nodded at Sam’s instructions.
“SAM!” He screamed desperately into the motel room with his eyes crushed shut as the tingles spread around like a warm and handsy feeling around in his body, but his brother was nowhere to be found. Which made Dean remember that Sam had gotten lucky with a lady the previous night and never went back to the motel.
He mocked that tone in his head.
“Aah… We.. We don’t need to defeat it.” Castiel sighed and suddenly… loosened his tie? And wow. Dean had never seen Cas without it now when he thought of it. “We just… need to… find the leader a-and.” Cas began to unbutton his shirt and furrowed his eyebrows confused. “Oh? Dean,
"Ah, don't have me blush now." He began digging out the bullet with his fingers, now seemingly unbothered by the pain. "My dear friends, do you honestly think this magical duo of yours are supposed to make me feel threatened?” His face turned from smiling to pissed of as he spoke, a vein popping on his forehead.
“Not sure I’m feeling it tonight.” Dean replied as he folded the leather casing his knifes was in. It was another lie though. In truth he had planned to go to a bar and drink himself into oblivion. Just to forget about all of the blood and his own curse that made him go berserk because of Cas. The angel that he wanted to forget too. Both because of the shameful fact that he had rubbed one out because of him, but also that what he did was wrong. Cas was so new to these stuff that he had no chance of knowing, and as much as Dean was angry at him- the vulnerability of Cas made him feel like shit. The angel had no way of knowing. It was wrong and shouldn't have happened. He wouldn't have allowed it to happen if he could.
Poking at Dean’s ‘fun-button’.
partnership.” Crowley said smirking and clinked his glass against Dean’s to perform a toast. Then they both downed their alcohol and thumped the glasses down at the bar. It was not the way whiskey was supposed to be savored,
Dean honestly thought that he was just going to switch sides to the other part of his neck, anything but freaking...
“Moose, Sparkles. How do you do?” Crowley grinned. He was standing a few feet away from the door as if he had been waiting there all morning. Hands locked together in front of his stomach.
- sexually head over heels in love to the point of only thinking about one thing – Dean-ass plus Cas-dick equals insertion. So he straddled him – flushed boners rubbing against each other once again, but not for long.
“D-don’t stop- fuck!” He slurred, with his abs flexed and tense at a halfway sit-up. Lips parted and tongue limp at his bottom teeth. Castiel raised his chin and hummed a throaty melody of satisfaction, and each thrust edged Dean closer and closer, his gape growing larger and larger by the second. A steady stream of come oozing out of his dick like faucet filled with heavy water.
felt like the mange underneath his skin. He had probably had at least 10 showers since those three days ago… and at the very least the triple amount of that in units of alcohol partying with Crowley to purge his insides and try to think of anything else than Castiel.
all meanwhile meditating to the sunset on a grassy hill. He had treated the poor dying guy the same manner he had been handled in hell, both metaphorically and on purpose. The man was chained by his hands onto the ceiling and by his feet down at the ground, hanging so peacefully limp as he absently inhaled sharp, weak, and shallow breaths that could be seen twitching at his chest. Blood and saliva formed shiny bubbles once in a while at the corner of his relaxed mouth, and eventually they would plop with tiny splatters before reappearing again, much to Dean’s amusement.
“Good.” Crowley said and walked towards the exit, hands lingering on the door frame as he stopped for a second to look back at Dean. “Oh, by the way. The first blade. You really should get it as soon as possible because, well, being apart from that for too long… Well, I imagine that it can fish out other things to… Fill that vacant spot with- catch my drift?”
And Dean didn’t even correct that thought because he was too freaking overstimulated to notice. Every suck and lick on his poor cock felt like a painful tickle and had him crying into the air. Being sucked in the refraction period was cruel, so cruel. But before Dean knew it his ailing moans turned from mad to rad. He could feel it turning around, like Cas was boosting the cooldown in some weird way with his mouth on his cock. Sucking him from pain to pleasure like gluttonous beast and humming satisfied which sent vibrations tickling his merrow.
“Hey, we know your grace is out there now. Maybe we should focus on that for a while and take a break from moping over Dean?”
He searched until the rain soaked him down through the trench coat into his shirt, and his hair were turning blacker than it already was. The fragrance had begun to spread out everywhere around him. The rain was making it difficult. As the droplets hit the air and ground it caused the aroma to fly in every direction which it probably had been doing for at least the last few hours. Castiel frowned as he found himself disoriented and spun his body around again, trying to make sense of where the highest concentration of sulfur was.
And he would panic – but his thoughts were muffled by the angel whimpering at his words.
Castiel cleared his throat somewhere behind him.
“…mm, what was that?” Charlie groggily answered with eyes closed.
“By the way Boris, before this. Where’d ya go?” And at that suspicion grew when Crowley adverted his gaze to look past the horizon.
Castiel had snorted out the whiff he had inhaled of Dean’s scent when the hand struck him, but didn’t do anything to claim a revenge. He just sat there rubbing his cheek with sad eyebrows, puppy eying the bed. “I’m sorry... The cherubs spell is making me…
“So, you’re useless.”
View blurry through his tears, but they eventually pooled to his sides and ran down his cheeks. As they did he could finally make out Castiel’s blue eyes staring down right at him in pure disorder. It was embarrassing, and the angel looked just as ashamed of himself as Dean felt. Despite Castiel being a virgin(well, last time he checked), Dean could see that he knew exactly what had happened just now. Cas fucking knew that Dean had come his brains out against his body. There was no question about it, and it made Dean want to lock his body inside a treasure chest and then be thrown down into the deepest depths of the ocean to be forgotten.
“Kay? That suppose to tell me somethin’?” Dean said before attacking his sandwich again, not bothering to look at Crowley who now was frowning at the dressing Dean didn’t know was around his mouth.
Castiel thought. Because sapping Crowley into nothing would surely risk his grace being emptied out to the point where Sam would be rendered alone. Castiel would probably die along with the Demon.
What Castiel couldn’t understand however which would never stop puzzling him, was Dean’s ability to
That’s what the angel figured at least as he nearly slipped on a plastic bottle somewhere in the mess.
Castiel sighed.
This was good.
He regretted learning that delivering serious confessions through a text-message was a weak move that the majority frowned down upon. He had read it in a women’s magazine which he sometimes found himself engage in after he had fallen from heaven. They had proven themselves helpful in learning how to contain a good relationship with the people around him and how to navigate the world as a human.
too - as if that wasn’t another catastrophic thing about all of this.
“I could, eh… We could.” Dean stuttered.
“My grace is still adequate enough to obliterate you.” Castiel warned which made Crowley tense up.
