“I’ll be here for you John; you wouldn’t have to think about it. You could just talk to me.”
“I. Don’t. Know.”
“Just breathe, John. We’ve rehearsed and rehearsed. It is going to be perfect.”
“I see it all the time, John. You form incredibly special connections to people through music. There’s nothing else like it.”
Sherlock relaxed into John’s embrace, closing his eyes and trying to even out his breathing again. In the calming silence, John’s attention was once again, unfortunately, drawn to the teasing sight of Sherlock’s hips, the towel just barely keeping everything of interest covered.
We're almost there, folks. This is technically _the end_ but I have one more little surprise before I call this story officially over. ;)
“Excuse me,” Sherlock said, storming out of the room.
sorry, and you have all the rights in the world to never forgive me what I did, but I at least want to tell you what happened."
“Thank you… shall we get started?”
“Where the hell has John gone?” he demanded, panicked. He was definitely thinking the worst.
trying.
3:21PM
John shook his head.
Sherlock was only pulled from his thoughts when the announcement came on that his flight was beginning the boarding process. He readied his plane ticket and strided towards the gate, unsure of how his legs were carrying him right now. He was really doing this.
"Oh my goodness, John! Oh, thank goodness, thank goodness, thank goodness you're alright! Where have you been! Oh, I've been worried sick, John, why didn't you tell anyone where you were?"
John turned and smiled at him. “It is a celebratory dinner, is it not? We’re going to Tapas Brindisa tonight.”
It’s ringing.
then you just keep fighting for your dream. I’ll tell you something I’ve never told anyone before, John… I used to be just like you.”
“Why?”
It had been almost a week since Molly and John had attacked Juilliard with the force of a thousand phone calls. John still refused to leave Sherlock’s side, but Sherlock had finally convinced him to at least go home and get some more of his clothes and his computer, at the least.
addictions?”
easily
Most of the walk was silent, but a comfortable silent. As they got closer to Sherlock’s house, though, Sherlock began warning John about his family members.
“I-I didn’t think you’d ever be interested in me that way…I mean, I’m nothing special,” John said quietly.
John figured he had crossed some sort of line, and he decided to drop the subject. “All right, Preludium and Allegro.” He picked up the piano part and began to flip through the pages. “Kreisler, excellent composer. Can’t say I’ve ever heard the piece though. Shall we get started?”
Sherlock waited at the front of the school for John. They were going to go out to Speedy’s for some tea, then up to their infamous spot on the roof of Bart’s. Five minutes passed; then ten; then fifteen. Sherlock knew something was wrong. John was never this late.
have a name, you know,” he snapped. John couldn’t help his sense of accomplishment.
John blushed furiously, nodding and pulling his legs in where he sat in an effort to hide his shame. “M’fine. No need to worry about me. Just relax.”
“Who is texting you so much, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked. Sherlock quickly shoved the phone into his pocket.
“Sherlock, seriously, where are we going?”
After an undeterminable amount of time, John was pulled out of his blissful half-sleep by his phone violently vibrating on the table next to him. He rolled over and picked it up. He squinted through the brightness to see that it was an incoming call from Molly. He picked it up, dragging his free hand over his face.
He wasn’t going to be playing at all again. In the moment John hadn’t realized that this was maybe his last chance to play the piano. His last hurrah before he turned away from the world of music forever.
“Just stop it, Mycroft!”
3:41PM
"Why do you care about this boy so much, Sherlock?"
will. So go shower and get dressed.”
“Oh…” John breathed, unsure of how to respond. “I’m… I’m very sorry, love.”
sorry, I know its a few days late. Things got crazy and I'm just now catching up with stories.
With a last deep breath, John carefully tore the letter open and pulled out the contents. His heart pounded in his chest as his eyes met the welcome brochure that laid under the decision letter. His eyes whipped across the letter, looking for those words he wanted to read more desperately than anything. Begging for his body to get itself under control for
The afternoon was nearing its end and Sherlock still hadn’t heard the telltale clanging of the of the mail slot being opened and closed. Sherlock and John were in the middle of a heated round of Rummy, and John was genuinely smiling and chuckling for the first time in weeks.
“Clearly the man was overweight, the shoes bottoms are extremely worn out but everywhere else is only worn through a little. These shoes could only have been bought within the past year. The tops are still in fair condition, they are clean, and the threads in the laces haven’t been pulled on as severely as they would be on an older pair. This shows that the shoes could not have been worn too often, therefore there would have to be more wear and tear going on while the shoes were being worn. Since the heels of these shoes are in such horrid condition, it only makes sense that they were owned by a man on the heavier side.”
Sherlock leaned forward and planted a kiss on top of John’s head, and he felt John relax into his touch ever so slightly as he continued to work his shoulders. He let his arms go limp at his sides and took a deep breath, trying to clear his head of all the anxieties that had continuously plagued him for the past several weeks.
John backed away slightly. “What?”
After that Sherlock stormed up to his bedroom and shut himself in his room for the night. His mother called him once as an attempt to get him to join the family for dinner, but she did not call again. She knew that once Sherlock was enveloped in his studies, it was almost impossible to get him out of them until the next morning.
“What is going on?” John asked, unable to keep the amusement out of his voice.
“He was kidding around. You know, he isn’t completely heartless, John. Like I said, he rubs people the wrong way. They take his sarcasm and his stand-offish attitude too seriously, and they do as you did and assume that he’s a complete arse who only cares about himself. He wasn’t ever actually going to force me to keep playing on a busted wrist.”
Regardless of the type of silence, Sherlock still played beautifully. Once again, John had to remind himself that it was probably quite rude to stare at Sherlock this way, but he could hardly help it. The piano part was easy enough, and eventually John didn’t even have to keep his eyes on the music. So, he got to keep his eyes on the interesting part.
If yes, our first rehearsal will be tomorrow at 6:00pm in the same recital room we were in before.
Why did John feel like he was constantly having to fight of these thoughts when he was around him?
The stranger laughed. “You seem almost as nervous as I am.”
Deciding that John could use a break from all of the arguments going on in his home, he invited John to spend the weekend with him at his house; it wasn’t as if his house was perfect, but his parents strongly enforced the idea of ‘hospitality.’ John could use some time in a more stress-free environment. John happily agreed and was able to talk his parents into letting him do so; he walked home with Sherlock after school that afternoon.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded before he pulled Mike into a hug. John gaped and Molly threw a hand over her mouth in shock.
AS always, thanks so much for reading! The story is finally nearing it's end. Just a few more chapters, and this story of our boys will be over. I can't tell you guys how thankful I am for you taking this journey with me! Can't wait to show you all what happens next!
“Stop it, Mycroft.”
2:45AM
John’s thoughts stopped dead in their tracks. He hated it, but… Sherlock was completely right. He immediately shook his head.
Until next update, thank you my loves for reading!
Sherlock stood up. “What do you say we head up to the rooftop of St. Bart’s?”
Sherlock had walked quietly into the backstage area. He looked out at the judges. John’s time was well up, but they weren’t stopping him. Instead they watched in complete awe, probably unsure of how this was still the same pianist in front of them. He felt tears of pride well in his eyes as he watched John playing. He didn’t know if he had lit a fire in John or if this was a long time coming, but whatever had happened he thanked whatever deity that was watching over them for it. Because he wasn’t sure he’d ever heard John play like this before. Even though he was alone in the center of that large stage, he owned it as though he were a full symphony orchestra. The auditorium was filled with such incredible sounds that he’d never heard before.
The flight was as boring and uneventful as most people would expect an 8-hour flight to be. John didn’t speak much. He had his headphones on for 90% of the journey and his hands ghosted over an invisible keyboard in front of him. Sherlock occasionally gave him encouraging smiles, but they shared no conversation. He was given similar treatment through landing and traveling to the exit of the airport. Sherlock hailed a taxi and threw luggage into the back once again as John absentmindedly climbed into the back of the taxi.
John hung up the phone and stood up. Sherlock stood up as well.
“It isn’t you, Sherlock,” he said with a shy smile. “It’s just that this is all so unexpected. I mean, you’re
He spoke one word; it was a whisper, and it sent a shiver down John’s spine.
“You know what.”
John remained silent. He felt a pang of jealousy at hearing that Sherlock used terms of endearment towards Molly. Though… what the hell was he jealous about? It isn’t like his opinion of him had changed; he wanted absolutely nothing to do with that git and his jaw-dropping good looks and his incredible talent with the violin. Plus, Molly’s wrist was as good as healed. He wasn’t going to be playing with him again—
Before the two of them knew it, the day came. They threw their bags into the back of a taxi and shared hugs with Molly and Mike.
They made their way outside and hailed a cab.
"Why are you doing this, Mycroft?" Sherlock asked, defeated. "Why must you ruin John's life... why must you keep hurting him like this…"
"What do you mean "tell me what happened?""
John was barely able to suppress his chuckle as the blush creeped across Sherlock’s face. It was always so much easier for Sherlock to get John to blush, so he reveled in these small victories.
Sherlock nearly fell out of his chair. The voice on the line continued as though he’d heard nothing at all.
Sherlock hummed to himself, as though he were considering the option.
John was blushing now at the high praise his friends were giving him. “You both truly flatter me. I’m no better than anyone else.”
“John…”
also??? I really like ending chapters with characters falling asleep apparently. just a nice way to wrap up segments I suppose. *shrug*
John simply shook his head. But deep down, he knew that everything Molly had just told him made complete sense.
2:55AM
Sherlock sat and watched in complete amazement. He didn’t know
Sherlock's breath caught in his throat. "W-what?"
long time since the two of them had found any time to be intimate. But, the hot and heavy atmosphere simmered down as they finished dinner and got changed into their night clothes. Sherlock had almost thought John had forgotten all about the little encounter he instigated. That was, until the lights had gone out and Sherlock found himself pinned beneath John’s unforgiving grip.
"Well, all I knew was I had caused you a great deal of pain…I obviously kept positive thoughts in mind, but I knew it wasn't impossible for you to have done such a thing. If you had, I don't know what I would've done with myself…"
“Are these
John stood up, shaking his head. “No, no. There is nothing to ‘handle.’ I’m just his accompanist! The stupid accompanist to this stupid bloody prick of a violinist…”
They continued to excitedly chatter over lunch, without a care in the world. But back at Sherlock’s flat, his entire world was falling apart. He knelt on the ground, tears falling from his eyes onto the paper that he held in shaking fists.
“Of course I do.”
“He said that he has never felt such a close connection as he does with John… which, I mean, I get it. It’s
The cab took off and within minutes the cab pulled up in front of Speedy’s where Sherlock was waiting. Sherlock paid the cab driver and then they walked into Speedy’s together.
Sherlock tsked him. “Patience, Doctor Watson. It’s a virtue.”
“I don’t need to be protected from John!”
of yours?”
Really,
You could have heard a pin drop, even with the television on and the carpeted floors. The silence that fell between them was thick, and John was almost sure that was why he was struggling to breathe all of a sudden.
Sherlock pulled away from John and walked towards the window of the hotel room. “We’ll discuss this more later, John. Right now, let’s focus on you and your audition.”
go out? Like… a date? A… romantic… date?”
The wind was immediately forced from his lungs as he hit the ground. There were mixes of gasps and giggles and hearty chuckles as several students gathered around. John slowly picked himself up, gasping. He looked up at Jim and his friends. They were laughing. Everyone was laughing; at least everyone except the one with the curly brown hair.
“No thanks, I think I can manage,” John replied almost too quiet for him to hear. “Thank you for catching this for me by the way.”
John looked up at him. “Yeah, I know. You’ve told me a few times now,” he said with a soft chuckle.
Or the week after that.
Suddenly he was smothered with a suit jacket.
“I guess so... are, are you still at the concert hall with him?”
“Sherlock, is everything okay?” John called into the flat. He saw Sherlock sitting at the table, practically vibrating with nerves. John approached him quietly. He wasn’t entirely sure if Sherlock had even heard him come in.
The last thing he heard was a small, harmless “shut up” from the man next to him before they both drifted off to sleep.
“Why?”
“I want you to do what is going to make you happy,” Molly said softly, almost hesitantly. “I know that you and Sherlock have gotten close over the past few months and… don’t throw away your happiness just for me, okay? I know that’s like, your whole mode of operation, but for once… do what is going to make you happy. You mean more to me than being his accompanist.”
It took them a few minutes to make their way to the hospital. For some reason that John was not really interested in, he knew people there, and they got inside without a problem. Once at the top, they found a place to sit, and they sat facing each other. John looked down at his hand and twiddled his thumbs as Sherlock continued to look at him.
Mycroft laughed. Oh how Sherlock knew how to argue, he would give him that. And he was right; he knew exactly who Jim was once he’d seen him. While his figure wasn’t the best, he carried himself more confidently than anyone he’d ever seen. Anyone other than himself, that is.
“I’m going to get a cab back to our flat,” John said, hesitant. He gave a sideways glance at the piano that sat across the room. “I want you to take her to the hospital.”
Sherlock gave no verbal answer. He instead picked up his phone from the floor and tossed it in John’s direction before falling back into the chair and whipping his computer open. John tapped the replay button on the voicemail and held it up to his ear. His smile grew wider with each second before he ran to hover behind Sherlock’s shoulder, watching as he furiously looked up what time the admissions office closed.
Sherlock blushed, but the frown stayed rooted in his features. “Are you sure? I’m sure Mike and Molly miss you, I pulled you away from your time with them on your first day home. I’m sure they’re worried about you.”
Sherlock went quiet again, unsure of how to continue.
John listened as Sherlock rambled about his brother.
“I… that’s one of the most prestigious music schools in the world, Sherlock. I can’t… I would never get in.”
So, needless to say, they got
John pulled Sherlock into another kiss.
John was falling for Sherlock Holmes.
“Shut up,” Sherlock muttered through gritted teeth before standing up and pulling his pants on. Eventually, the two of them finally managed to make themselves look somewhat presentable, and they were just in time to greet Molly’s furious knocking on the door of 221B Baker Street. It was John who answered, as Sherlock was busy sulking in his chair in the living room. Molly pushed past John after a brisk greeting, thundering up the stairs and slamming her bag down on the living room table. She walked over to where Sherlock sat and bent forward so she was level with his gaze.
“You’ve exposed your heart, brother. Something you never should have done.”
The next words out of John’s mouth were barely a whisper, but they ripped through Sherlock’s ears like a scream. “That I might actually have a bloody goddamn shot at this.”
“Oh, John, I can’t tell you how grateful I am that you were my accompanist for tonight! Why, you played like a dream! An absolute dream!”
"Okay, to start, John. I am so sorry. I am so
“When you get in,” John interrupted.
“I need a drink.”
John rested his chin on his fist and he kept his eyes on Sherlock as his gaze trailed off into the sky and began to speak.
Sherlock planted a soft kiss on John’s head. “And, might I add, you’re playing it flawlessly. So, you really have nothing to be worried about.”
John simply shook his head. “I’m no good, Sherlock. I never will be. I could hardly get my nerves together for deciding to audition for the Royal Academy. An audition at a school like Julliard is just going to send me into a pit I’ll never be able to crawl back out of.”
“I love you, John Watson. Damnit, I bloody love you.”
“Mycroft, you and I are probably the only people like
“Did you guys… talk at all?” Molly asked, her voice cautious.
John woke up the next morning when speckles of sunshine started hitting his face.
Molly shook her head, frustrated. “Don’t you get it, Sherlock? If having an absolutely perfect audition—” she threw a hand up when Sherlock started a protest. “I
picky as you claim, you have to eat all of it. No complaining.”
Mycroft, against all popular opinions and evidence, did care about his brother. He would never admit it, of course. Making oneself vulnerable in such a way is exactly why so many people were as offset as they were. He knew that this John Watson was bad news for his brother. John appeared to have several,
“No, it’s just, never mind, never mind.”
“One of the main reasons my brother stopped me from seeing you was because…it was because I…”
Just then, a girl walked past. Sherlock remembered seeing John with her a few times; maybe she would have seen me. What was her name…Marge...Martha...Marylin...Mary...yes, that was it! Mary!
Mycroft grumbled, and continued rubbing his cheek.
Sherlock’s excitement quickly faded from his eyes, and it nearly broke John’s heart.
Sherlock nodded in response, his eyes glistening. “To new beginnings.”
Friday after school, John decided to text him.
like London. Everything is everywhere,
“I could say the same about you. You’re some kind of freaky detective genius and you’re only in high school.”
"That's my name," replied Greg, cheerfully. Mycroft looked down at the paper. He was more than certain that he had heard his name before.
He threw his hands up in the air before slamming them back down and almost lunging across the table, getting himself even closer to John. “The way you play once you’ve lost yourself in the piece is something the greats can only
Sherlock blushed slightly as he continued. “
Wednesday arrived much quicker than John had anticipated. He again arrived almost a half hour early for the rehearsal, but to his surprise, Sherlock was already there.
The two boys sat next to each other, the silence growing very tense. Sherlock let out a shaky sigh and a tear rolled down his cheek.
“Are you sure Julliard’s for you, John?” Sherlock asked. “We could pursue graduate studies at home, where the waitresses don’t sing everything about the pile of pancakes they’ve just put down in front of you.”
John texted back his warmest thanks as Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, a towel draped lazily around his hips. John choked on his breath, willing himself to
Mike turned to face John where he sat at the table across from him. “Mate… that’s your
“Yes?” Sherlock replied cautiously. “Was there another sort of dating you had in mind?”
at him. Git…
“Yes. They’re all so bland. They never have anything worth talking about.”
“Oh, plenty, plenty; though I have had to rule out quite a few possibilities. Apparently using toxic chemicals on other people is frowned upon.”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft started.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Y-yes sir. That is the correct address.”
Without taking so much as a breath, Sherlock pulled John into his arms and locked him in a breath-taking kiss. John immediately melted into it, his whole being aglow with happiness. He looked up at his husband. His snobby, smart-arse of a husband.
Here is Chapter 13! Exciting thingssss
“Why?!”
“Damn,” Mycroft muttered with a small chuckle in his breath. Sherlock’s phone buzzed again.
“I have been, but I figured since we have spent a healthy amount of time together, I can get myself focused the way I normally do. I guess it gets me super focused.”
Sherlock realized in that moment that he’d never fully appreciated John in a suit before. Of all the performances they shared together, Sherlock had never actually gotten to stand back and actually
“He just texted me,” John said, and Mike and Molly went quiet. “I’ll go talk to him now. I’ll get this all figured out, Molly.”
John eventually turned to the tall brunet next to him and gave him a sad smile.
After a while, though, they fell silent and just laid there. A million thoughts began to run through Sherlock’s head. It was obvious what they were doing here, right? Laying in a park, star gazing? When did Sherlock become… a romantic? He wasn’t sure. But what he was sure of was that he had fallen so head-over-heels in love with the boy next to him that he couldn’t think straight. Sherlock sat up suddenly, trying to steady his spinning head. John stirred next to him; he must have been falling asleep.
?" Sherlock asked Mycroft, his voice shaking. "You never give up that easily."
“Is that the John who plays the piano with you? The one you are always talking about after your rehearsals?” Mrs. Hudson asked with a grin, as if she knew exactly what she’d just said and said it that way on purpose. Sherlock nearly choked on the biscuit in his mouth.
John put the phone down again and slumped into his chair, staring at the wall as he waited for Sherlock to text back. He suddenly wasn’t as tired as he had been before. He was getting more and more anxious. Of course the gorgeous stranger had to text him ‘hey, I have a question’ when it was nearly midnight! On a Sunday night, nonetheless. Damn… either Sherlock was writing him a novel, or he’d gotten preoccupied. Knowing what little John knew about the git, it was most likely the former.
"I don't think we really need to talk about anything-"
John grabbed his phone and his jacket and turned towards the door.
“Oh my God…”
“I have no idea where I’m going, how am I supposed to get there?”
This is it. The final product. I went through this piece multiple times, trying to fix any mistakes I could find and tying together any parts that didn't flow very well. I am sorry if it took so long, and I am sorry if there are still mistakes. But here it is. I read through the whole thing tonight and I am happy. I hope you all have enjoyed reading as much as I enjoyed writing, and I am so sorry it took so long to finish. Please comment with anything you liked or I could approve upon; all feedback is greatly appreciated! c:
“The very first time I met you, I was fascinated by you. You were pushed on the ground with your papers scattered about the grass, but when I helped you up, there was a spark in your eye and it just attracted me in so many ways. I couldn’t stop thinking about you whenever you were not around. I just thought of that spark I saw, that spark that I
“Yes,” John responded cautiously. How could he not know where this was going?
“Haven’t you already done that?”
“To new beginnings?” he asked, doing his best to keep his voice calm.
“Does he?”
John’s breath hitched. “They… they’re waiting? But I stormed off… surely they would have marked me down as disqualified or something.”
John gave him a confused stare. “We’ve had plenty of rehearsals, have you not been
Sherlock scoffed. “I’m not!”
He sighed and leaned back in his seat, praying that sleep would wash over him and he would be back in London sooner. Out of the corner of his eye he caught John lightly bobbing his head to a song playing through his headphones. His eyes were shut, and a soft smile rested on his face. Sherlock was delighted at the sight. He remembered how tense he’d been throughout the whole flight to the United States.
Sherlock turned to ensure that the muggers were all put in their cuffs before wrapping John’s left arm around him and hoisting him up into a standing position.
“No, no…I’m studying medicine, I have no time to think of music seriously anymore.” John laughed as he continued. “Plus, you don’t actually think that. It’s just the endorphins.”
3:13PM
“Oh my god?” Sherlock asked, reaching a hand out.
Sherlock’s flight touched down in the early morning; about 8. After Sherlock had scrambled his way through customs, he was greeted at the front of the airport by an ever so enthusiastic John. Following him was Molly, who looked equally excited for Sherlock to be back.
“Sherlock? Are you alright?”
Eventually Sherlock had regained control of his breathing and his distraught sobbing had faded out into occasional tears streaking his face. His body had sunk to the floor, his head resting on John’s lap. John had the rejection letter in his hand. He shook his head repeatedly, muttering to himself.
"Yeah, sure, right after you decided to get some friends together for a cup of tea, right? What the hell have you been up to? I swear to God, if you do anything to John, I will kill you."
And as though John heard his thoughts, he felt a soft tap on his arm. He opened his eyes to see John staring down at him, eyes soft and concerned.
shaking.
3:02AM
The following week at school John wasn’t there.
Sherlock stood too and planted a chaste kiss on John’s cheek. “Don’t lose hope, John Watson."
“I’m sorry… I just, I can’t help it. Why would they take so long if they’re
Mycroft looked Sherlock dead in the eye.
John was more than a little nervous as he walked into the practice room the next evening, waiting for Sherlock to arrive. He wondered how obviously desperate he would look, having arrived 30 minutes early for this rehearsal. He’d nearly forgotten all the sorts of etiquette for rehearsals and performances. He was starting to wonder if this was something he was going to regret.
This time he pulled Sherlock and kissed him with an urgency Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d ever felt before.
“I guess, um… thanks, for letting me stay. Thanks for not letting me do anything stupid.”
“Thank you for keeping your eye on him all these years,” Sherlock said. “I’ll do my best to keep him in line.”
Silence. More suffocating,
“Never do what?”
He got out of his car and began to search the premises.
“I don’t understand…” the first judge said again. “His recording was absolutely phenomenal. This can’t be the same pianist.”
Then John started to realize that maybe it wasn’t all about how he didn’t want to let go of playing the piano. Sure, it had all been like a dream and John dreaded the day he’d have to leave behind that gorgeous piano he’d been playing for the past several months. But, John? A musician? Preposterous. He could hardly imagine it. It had been Sherlock that had made this whole experience so exhilarating. From their pre-rehearsal tea to the short breaks they took laying on the floor and talking about all sorts of things, John loved it all.
you to save my life, now did I?”
“Is John Watson here?” Sherlock asked in an almost demanding tone.
John took another deep breath before responding to Sherlock’s text.
John laughed. “Why’d you leave him with me then?”
They made their way outside and hailed a cab. They were dropped at Baker Street. They wandered along and eventually stopped at a bar, and they spent the next few hours drinking and laughing the night away.
Sherlock went to retort but he stopped. He wouldn’t be winning this argument. Sherlock sighed in defeat, dropped the phone to the ground, and left.
Mike and Molly gave John a worried look as he answered the phone, leaving the table to step outside.
“There are other kids around here who go to school the same way. You will be fine, John.” His mother pulled him into a hug. “I’m sorry things are the way they are, but just keep your head up and everything will be fine.”
They pulled each other into a deep, passionate kiss. Sherlock wrapped his arms tightly around John’s waist. John’s left arm was around Sherlock, and his right arm traveled up to entangle itself in Sherlock’s brown, curly hair.
"Because I said so!"
want tonight to end, I need to get home or my parents will ground me for the rest of my life,” John said with a laugh. Sherlock entwined his fingers and joined John in his cab ride to his flat. When John got out Sherlock gently grabbed his hand and motioned for John to turn and face him.
“No one.”
“Do you mind?!” John yelled as Sherlock pushed him through the door to his flat. “How did you even know I was there… how did you find my house? I didn’t tell you where I live!”
“What the hell just happened, Sherlock?”
“Stop sulking over people helping you, it comes off more selfish than selfless,” Molly scolded, not taking her eyes off the screen.
“I know waiting is agonizing and you just want it to be over,” he started, sighing. “Trust me. I know. But please try to be calm. Worrying is just going to decrease your life expectancy, and I’m not going to have any of that.”
“As you’re aware, in about six months I’m going to be done with the program at The Royal Academy. And, as you’re also aware, I intend to continue my studies and earn a doctorate in musical studies.”
They submitted John’s video to admissions, and it took hours for John to finally stop shaking.
“Do you mind if I play a bit?” he asked, not really caring for what the violinist’s answer was going to be.
. I just never thought that anyone like you would even take a passing glance at someone like me.”
I'M SOBBING!!! So many fic authors I follow on twitter are printing out their fics and like, I wanna do that to??? Y'all have no idea how badly I'd love to hOLD THIS IN MY HANDS or put it on my bookshelf or something. It might not be much, but it is my baby and I'll love it forever.
By the end of the day, Sherlock was even more in love with the school than he had already been. The director of the doctorate program had been his guide, and from what Sherlock could tell he was already rather impressed with him. He had told Sherlock they were going to be delighted to hear him audition the next day. He finally showed Sherlock to the area of the school where auditions were taking place; there were several practice rooms opened up and reserved for those auditioning to practice following up to their audition.
Sherlock and Mycroft wrestled for the phone. It buzzed once more. Sherlock finally ripped it out of Mycroft’s hands.
Sherlock beamed with pride as he turned away from the judges and looked into John’s eyes. They were full of fear, excitement, adrenaline, happiness, misbelief.
3:37PM
Without missing a beat, John took off. And it was as though the music was playing itself and jumping right off of the page. John moved with such passion and rigor that he’d never felt himself use before. What was happening now? What was so different?
“Should I even ask why I was asleep in your bed?” John sighed, as he rubbed his temples.
John shook his head harder. “You’re not listening to me, love. This could very well be a mistake. These things happen, you know, with so many applicants. Plus, it’s a generic letter they very well could have stamped your name to the wrong sort of envelope.”
touch your violin again? It’s… it’s your everything, it’s who you are.”
John looked lost. “What?”
“What exactly did he say to you, Molly?” Mike asked, his voice tinged with anger. It was going to take a lot to hold him back the next time he met Sherlock face-to-face. Mike had always been very protective of Molly, especially when it came to Sherlock.
More sniffling. Some outright crying.
“Are you alright, John?” he asked. “You went really stiff all of a sudden.”
“I love you too, John. Good luck with whatever you decide to do.”
The rest of the night was spent full of friends, laughter, and for the first time in a long time, John felt completely at peace. He’d never been as ready to fall asleep curled up in Sherlock’s arms as he was that night after they’d all gone to sleep. John’s bed was much smaller than Sherlock’s over on Baker Street, but that just meant that they had to curl up that much closer to each other.
In the middle of his frantic thoughts, John received a text.
“John? Are you okay?”
Feel free to follow my twitter (@cxspxn) or my tumblr (cxs-pxn) for updates on story stuff! In short, I have three stories actively being updated right now, so I've resigned to posting one update per week, alternating between the stories on Saturdays! This way it's at least an expected schedule and I won't leave you guys in the dark forever.
"Well, you do know that those poor excuses for detectives would get nowhere without the help of my brother and I, right?"
“Nobody’s seen John in two weeks… who are you?”
Mycroft smirked and stepped closer. “So this is your ‘boy toy.’ I thought you could do better Sherlock.
Molly groaned and pinched the bridge of her nose. “Sherlock, these people make mistakes all the bloody time. That’s why you should contact the admissions office like it says to do on the damn letter.”
!” Sherlock cried out, pulling a pillow over his head. John immediately ripped the pillow away.
“Oh, believe me,” Sherlock said, his voice elated. “I cannot begin to express my excitement. I cannot wait to join your school in the fall.”
And he had been missing out.
With that, Molly bid him goodnight and set off down the stairs and out of the apartment. Sherlock insisted that she text him when she’d made it safely back to her flat across town. In the meantime, he shook John awake.
. You never know when you are going to get snuffed out. So, you can’t live with regrets, and you can’t hesitate. So, I stopped hesitating. I play each performance as though it is going to be my last. Because if it is my last, I don’t want it to be a performance that I will regret giving. I don’t want any performance to be less than my absolute best that I am capable of doing at the time. I always let go and just fall into the music. Because music is my beginning and my end, and I always want to remember it as such. Not something that I could have been, but something that I
, he thought.
Sherlock cursed under his breath. “No, no, I don’t mean it like that-”
Sherlock let out a deep sigh. “Just go to bed, John. Everything will be all right.”
Thanks so much for the kudos so far! I'm glad you've enjoyed what little of the story you've seen so far. <3
His parents didn’t even notice him walk in; he made his way up to his room without a word. He flopped down onto his bed and let his mind wander.
With that, they made their way outside and hailed a taxi to take them back to Baker Street. John placed his bag down once they were inside and made his way to the kitchen. “What do you want for dinner, love?”
“It isn’t!”
However, he wasn’t as alone as he thought. Sherlock, who’d always been light on his feet, had managed to sneak up to the door and listen. He hadn’t had a chance to listen to John play solo piano music since they first met. He was playing Chopin’s Nocturne Number 8 in D-flat major. It was absolutely stunning. Sherlock stood rooted by the door, listening, his heart swelling with pride and something else he couldn’t quite place.
“Why don’t we go lay down on the bed, love? You really look like you could use some real sleep.”
“Sherlock?” John asked softly, placing a gentle hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Love, what’s the matter?”
Sherlock looked at him with bright, blue eyes. He couldn’t read what was there, but whatever it was had his heart racing.
Sherlock couldn’t hold back his tears anymore. As he cried, John pulled him into a tight embrace. He gently combed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, and assured him that everything was going to be alright.
John reached the end of the piece. He let his hands slowly retract from the keyboard and he sighed as though he’d been holding his breath throughout the entirety of the piece. He stood, bowed, and hastily made his way off of the stage. He immediately fell into Sherlock’s embrace with tears streaming from his eyes. Sherlock’s eyes flicked back to the judge’s table. They furiously scribbled down notes as they discussed. They were all wearing impressed smiles.
“I know that your heart is torn, John. But I’ll tell you this. No matter what, it is never too late. Remember that. It is
“Shut up!” John spat, once again blushing beet red. “Bloody idiot…”
“Care for some tea?” Sherlock asked, slowly standing up.
3:34PM
John shook his head, chuckling softly. “You’ll never understand it, will you?” he asked, regarding Sherlock with a warm smile and a loving gaze. “You are what I care about, Sherlock. Amongst other things, yes. But you need my help now, and it isn’t a bother for me to give it to you.”
“Your eyes only light up like that when it’s him. Though they shouldn’t. I told him to erase your number.”
In the end, Sherlock and John had spent almost the entire afternoon at John’s flat, the two of them catching up with Mike. Molly had been keeping him updated, but John could tell that his friend was thankful to actually see the two of them in person after all the drama had gone down. When dinner time rolled around, John stood and stretched, reaching for his bag.
“Oh Sherlock,” Mycroft said. “Do be careful. It would be a shame if someone were to tell little John about your…
“I’m telling you Sherlock, she was never right for you. Girlfriends just aren’t your area.”
John pulled Sherlock towards him, cupping his face in both of his hands.
“Oh Sherlock, that’s incredible!” John pulled Sherlock into a tight hug. When they pulled apart again, John was all smiles. But Sherlock could still see the sadness in his eyes. “When do you apply?”
3:05AM
“Hello?” asked the woman who answered the door.
“I know you say that, but I just don’t get it.
“He does seem different when I see him in theory… he seems completely out of focus, which is unusual for him.”
Shortly after all the excitement, Mike and Molly arrived at the flat with a celebratory dinner in hand. They immediately swarmed John with hugs and congratulations while Sherlock set up the food on the table.
Molly grinned at him again. “You’re in lov—”
"You mock everyone; you and your brother do. Everyone at the Yard is aware of just how high and mighty you and your brother find yourselves. Sorry, but unfortunately, everyone can't be as ridiculously annoying as you. Nobody would survive!"
“Pity, that is. You’ll make a poor doctor if you’ve always got a hangover.”
Sherlock smiled, more tears falling out of his eyes.
2:54AM
John forgot that he hadn’t refused the offer of payment.
John smiled. “And I bloody love you, Sherlock Holmes.”
want to hear it, we all know you played perfectly. But if that wasn’t enough for the judges, then going through some sort of effort to contact an actual person instead of the admissions office support address is going to show them that you are incredibly passionate about what you want. Passionate persistence is such an underrated tactic.”
3:21PM
After pulling away from the embrace, even though he desperately wanted to stay, Sherlock made the two of them a small breakfast. He suggested that they spend the day at John’s flat instead of his own, for both the purpose of a change of scenery, and for the hopes that the letter was
John moved so he could peak at Sherlock’s face, and he was met with the bastard absolutely
Before John could protest, the line was disconnected, Molly’s contact flashing on his phone screen. John muttered a whispered expletive before pushing himself off of the sofa. If Molly was on her way, they definitely had no time to shower, but the least they could do is put on… almost presentable clothing.
. How had he gotten here? It was all a blur. It was all thanks to that smarmy prick of his. His fiancé. Sherlock Holmes. The ethereal violinist that had set his heart ablaze.
John just laughed shyly and looked back down at his lap. Sherlock put his hand on John’s cheek and lifted his head so he could see John’s face.
2:54AM
“Everyone back at Bart’s is rooting for ya, John,” Mike started. “But I tell you what, feels like you were gone for ages. It’s really hard on the rest of us when the smartest kid in our class decides he’s always wanted to be a world class pianist instead of a doctor.”
you: you always have a bit of fight in you, even with the world weighing you down as much as it is.” Sherlock looked back to John when he finished speaking and saw that John’s eyes had started watering. Sherlock was immediately concerned.
An uncomfortable silence fell between them. Eventually, it was Sherlock who broke it.
“John…” he said, as if he could hear him.
Hope you guys are enjoying where the story is going! I'm personally very proud of this one; one of my favorite stories I've ever written.
. It was not quiet. As if right on cue, his parents started shouting. It made John sad, how much they argued just because of money. He thought it sad how such a trivial object got in the way of two people’s feelings for each other.
“She should have been more careful. She should know well that stray sheets of music get dropped back there all of the time.”
"No!"
“Stop complaining and get up or you are going to be late.”
“I’ve just woken up, and he’s still asleep.”
“Sherlock Holmes… his friend.”
“I’m going to try to convince him to reach out to admissions today. Though, I don’t know how much luck I’ll have. The last thing he said to me last night was that he never planned on touching his violin again.”
“He is not dull. You are just an ignorant git. All you have is knowledge and at this rate that is all you will ever have, and even that isn’t much.”
John blinked slowly before looking up into Sherlock’s eyes. “You’re talented, you’re more than capable. Believe in yourself, John. You’re the only one who doesn’t at this point.
John scoffed and turned away, trying to hide his blush. “I don’t need a babysitter, I’m in medical school for God’s sake.”
“Smarmy git? And here I thought you adored me.”
I don't even want to look at when I last updated this D: I'm so sorry.
have to set an alarm. Couldn’t we one day just take a nap and wake up when we aren’t tired any more?”
“I was thinking about joining the army.”
“I don’t know, Molly. I’m quite exhausted after that trip. I think I’d much rather go home.”
The rehearsal passed in the same uncomfortable silence. John knew there was something wrong, but he and Sherlock were certainly not on the level where he would tell him anything.
John nodded again. “I suppose you’re right.”
“Sherlock, Julliard is just one of so many prestigious music schools. What does it matter if one hoity-toity Dean doesn’t see how perfect you are both as a person and a musician?”
As always please let me know what you think! I'll be honest, this story may be coming to a close relatively soon. But I've got a _potential_ idea for a brief sequel featuring domestic Johnlock on the backburner. Music boyfriends --> music husbands mayhaps. We'll see.
“Bloody time zones!” he shouted, leaping from his chair and running to the bedroom to grab his computer. All the while John stood in the kitchen, concern marking his features.
“Oh, enough with the nonsense,” Sherlock said, throwing John some clothes. “Change into these and go to bed. You’re so drunk I can smell it.”
John choked back a sob, hugging into himself tighter. He stood in the stall, afraid of moving. He felt absolutely nauseous and was sure that any sudden motion would cause him to vomit. “I’m not good enough, Sherlock. I never should have come here. I should have stayed in London and applied for a position as a doctor like I’d always planned. I was never cut out for this music nonsense!”
John’s phone lit up with a phone call… it was Sherlock.
Sherlock turned to enter his room
“Fine, he
John thought. He thought a lot about what he was going to do. He truly would love to continue playing, but…
Sherlock shook his head furiously. “No. I don’t know that I’ll ever be done being a bad influence on you. I suppose you’ll have to fall into the pit of despair with me, John.”
Shaky fingers pressed the call button.
Mycroft was silent. Sherlock wasn't looking at him. "For God's sake, Mycroft, I knew it was going to be boring, but falling asleep, real-"
“Oh, Sherlock, you should be more careful with your friends.”
“When you’re grown, what do you want to be?”
John’s breath hitched.
“The beginning of the rest of my life starts as soon as I open this,” John murmured, mostly to himself even though he was making dead eye contact with the man who stood in front of him. Sherlock beamed.
“Watson, John. Your audition is next.”
John had no response. He certainly couldn’t say that he didn’t need the money because, well… university students
Dinner passed on with lots of laughter, some tears, and several handfuls of ‘I’ll miss you’s. John and Mike’s graduation ceremony dragged on for what felt like hours, but eventually they walked out to hugs and congratulations from all their friends and family, diplomas in hand. Summer slipped away through their fingertips. Before they knew it, boxes were being shipped to their apartment in New York. Mike had taken up a job teaching at Bart’s. Molly was playing shows at the West End. Everyone’s dreams had come true, but it was still sad. Because dreams coming true meant that it was time to get pulled away from their closest friends.
"No, please... don't say it's alright, you and I both know that it isn't so let's not try to fool ourselves... I know I put you through a lot of pain. When Mycroft took my phone and sent the text that the line had been disconnected, I swear I could feel your heart shattering, John. For the first time in my life, I'm putting other's feelings before my own, and that's what scares Mycroft so much. We've always been the reclusive Holmes brothers, the geniuses that know everything and say nothing to anyone because nobody is as intelligent as we are. As much as I hate my brother's method of doing things, I understand why he did the things he did... he was afraid of losing me. While he hates to admit it, I'm the only one on this Earth who is even remotely similar to him. If he loses me, he has no one; and while he won't admit it, I think that's the thing that Mycroft fears most: being totally alone. Just like anyone else on this planet, he shares that same fear. Nobody wants to be alone..."
“Because, I told you we were going to be great friends. A good way to start a friendship is to do what they call “hang out” and “get to know each other.”
to say no?
John and Sherlock turned to take one last glance at Mike and Molly, who’d come to see them off at the airport. Their luggage was currently being sent out to the plane and they were getting ready to head to their gate to wait for their flight. In about two hours, they’d be boarding a plane headed for the JFK airport. They had only a one-way ticket this time around.
At lunch John grabbed his trey of food and made his way to the far side of the cafeteria where he spotted an empty table. He pulled out the map of the school and looked to find where he would be going afterwards. He placed the paper map side down for a moment to take a bite of his sandwich when he noticed some writing on the back of the paper.
John’s face turned beet red as Sherlock walked across the room to plug in the kettle and begin boiling the water. How could Sherlock unravel him so easily? Why did John… like it? What had they done that had left both of them so in awe of each other? They just… played music. Molly was surely pulling his leg earlier with all that music forms some sort of special bond between musicians. It was just sound waves. It didn’t make sense that every rehearsal left John giddy with joy, and that his thoughts were usually plagued with the handsome violinist he’d been spending all of his time with as of late.
The next day John woke up without a problem. He got dressed and left the house without a word to either of his parents. He kept his distance from the other students as he made his way to the tube and on to the school. He managed to make it to his locker without being pushed down again. In fact, John felt his day was going exceptionally well until the very end. He was at his locker putting away one of his textbooks when Jim approached him. John turned around and stayed against the lockers. He saw Sherlock shift among the back of the group, but he did not make direct eye contact with him.
!” he shouted, standing up and throwing his arms into the air for emphasis. “How do people live like this?”
They made it back to the hotel without much issue and Sherlock shook John awake. He leaned heavily on Sherlock again as they hobbled up to their hotel room. John immediately fell into the mattress and passed out. Sherlock couldn’t help the small chuckle that escaped him. He pulled the shoes off of John’s feet and cast them aside before removing his own shoes.
Sherlock gave him a soft smile. “Well, at least we know we aren’t alone in the nerves department. What is your name, if I may ask?”
, he thought.
you. So now all your waiting for is for
“Until then, Mr. Holmes.”
“What?”
Within moments, at least what felt like moments but he couldn’t be sure, he was greeted by warm arms around him and Sherlock whispering quiet words to him in the darkness. John moved his hands from his face, and he could see the gleam of fresh tears on them from the lights trickling in from outside. He didn’t realize he’d been crying. Without speaking, he leaned further into Sherlock’s embrace, wrapping his arms around the other’s waist.
John felt his heart physically shatter.
The sound of papers fluttering to the ground.
"Well... that night, when you texted me saying that you loved me... I was going to say that I loved you too, John."
“Just admit it, Sherlock. You are in
"The first day I saw him, Mycroft. He was pushed around numerous amounts of times, but he... he just kept going. He fought his way through life, he kept everything bottled in and just kept going. He somehow reminded me of myself. At first I thought he was just going to be a very close friend, but then I realized, that wasn't what I was actually thinking at all. I found myself getting lost in his eyes, or sometimes he would catch me staring at him, and I realized that I was quickly falling in love with him. Slowly he began opening up to me, telling me everything about his life. He told me he hurt himself sometimes because it wasn't easy holding everything inside. Sorry, I'm rambling…but there is just something within John. He always puts everyone else before himself… He's kind, he's handsome, and he's one of the only people on this planet who didn't think I was a complete arse after I did a full scale deduction on him. Can you believe it Mycroft, he actually told me that it was amazing. I think that might have been when it started. He told me that I was amazing, and I had never really been told that before. In truth, Mycroft, I think why I like John so much is because I've realized that we're both rather isolated in the world. But when we have each other, the rest of the world doesn't really seem to matter… and when you have someone who makes you feel so complete like that, Mycroft, it isn't a very easy thing to just get up and leave them behind. Especially when you know that they depend on you as much as you depend on them."
“Played it.”
“Oh, how I do hate dinner parties,” Mycroft said, very appalled.
Mike couldn’t help his laugh. “Well, remember mate, Molly goes there too. So, they aren’t all bad.”
Silence. Sherlock locked his phone and whipped around. There was nobody there.
“You as well, Sherlock.”
Sherlock waved a hand. “Whatever’s easy, I’m not picky.”
“If it’ll get you out of my hair, please…”
doing them, or planning on doing them, there’s absolutely no sense in you or John putting so much of your time and effort into this.”
When John walked in with Sherlock, Angelo absolutely lost his mind. He went on and on about how he knew that Sherlock was going to find some man someday who had the guts to put up with all his pretentious air. He was going to meet his match and it was going to change his life forever.
God, he had missed them more than he was willing to admit. More than he wanted to admit. What was he supposed to do if he got into Julliard? If he missed them this much after being gone for barely a week, how was he supposed to be away from them for months at a time?
The end of the day didn’t come soon enough and eventually John was climbing into bed, his body wrecked from nerves and exhaustion. Unfortunately, this wasn’t enough to tempt sleep to overtake him. He fell in and out of consciousness and cursed the alarm that went off in the morning. He stood up and tried to rub the sleep out of his eyes the best he could.
“She can’t,” came the deep voice of a stranger that he already knew. “I need her for rehearsal.”
Mycroft smiled back as he turned and headed back towards his car.
“Don’t apply for the Royal Academy,” Sherlock blurted out. It was John’s turn to look shocked.
The next morning John woke with a groan, stretching his neck. Sun was speckling the floors in the kitchen, so it wasn’t too awfully late in the morning.
“And now, ladies, without further ado… John Watson.”
John rolled over to face Sherlock. “What do you mean by that? Is this going to insult me?” he asked, his voice flat.
Eventually his stomach growled something fierce, indicating that he should probably do something about finding food for himself. He pulled out his phone and found the nearest restaurant that would deliver to the hotel. It was a Chinese restaurant. Within the hour Sherlock had eaten his dinner and wrapped himself up in the blankets on his bed, absolutely exhausted. He set his alarm for 7:30 the next morning and fell into an odd sleep.
that. I can hear the things that you’re trying to tell me when you play that damned violin, and I’ll be damned if I’m going to let you walk away from your life. I’m not going to let you do what I did. Walking away from the piano was one of the biggest mistakes I’d ever made, and if I’d never met you, it never would have been corrected. Don’t do what I did. Don’t be a complete idiot.”
John chuckled. “I’m telling you, Sherl. Nobody needs cable anymore. All you need is your computer and Netflix, and you’re set for life.”
“I am protecting you.”
The two of them bolted up and ran down towards the front door, each of them seizing half a pile of mail in their hands. They ran to the dining room table, throwing the mail down as excitement flooded through them.
As they sat down, John was the one to speak first. “So, why did you call me out here?”
"Easy does it, there, detective."
“Stargazing. How exactly did you get accepted to medical school with that quick wit of yours?”
“Sherlock Holmes, cut the garbage. You know for a fact you played as well as you always do, and I’m 110% certain that you were already accepted before they asked you to come play. The audition was just a formality,” Molly snapped.
“A couple of months, he thinks. But he won’t know for sure until later. He says two to three months at most, though, so it won’t be too long of a wait.”
“John? Are you worrying again?” he asked, walking over and placing his violin down on a chair near the piano. He walked over and planted firm hands on John’s shoulders, attempting to soothe the anxiety out of his boyfriend with a shoulder massage.
“Don’t test me, Holmes,” John spat, his voice cold. Sherlock threw his hands up in playful surrender.
? Of all people…”
Tears fell slowly down Sherlock’s face as he stared helplessly at the phone, trying to will the words to type themselves in the text box. Nothing happened. Mycroft came into the room.
Sherlock arrived at the school and ran straight for the men’s changing rooms. “Damn,” he mumbled, jiggling the door knob. “The bloody door is locked.”
He looked up at Sherlock, as though he needed some kind of encouragement.
“You, brother dear, are pathetic. Here I thought you were different from those petty fools, but no. You’ve fallen for love just as easily as the next. You’re just as useless as every other damned human on this planet. Then again, you never were much better, were you? Have you told John all about
John simply shook his head. “This was
“I’m not too terribly hungry, but I appreciate you.”
2:51AM
“Well, we don’t all have tragic backstories and dead brothers to think about when we’re playing our instruments.”
He made sure to emphasize his points by prodding John in the chest as he spoke. It wasn’t until Sherlock focused in on the look of utter shock John was giving him that Sherlock realized he’d practically leapt across the table full of food. He slowly pulled himself back, bringing a closed fist up to his face and clearing his throat.
“Good point…what do you want to do John?”
"Oh, absolutely! Thank you so much for finding him Sherlock, whatever can I do to thank you?"
He didn’t want to lose Sherlock… What if Sherlock never talked to him again if John declined wanting to be his partner?
The thought drove him deeper into his spiral. With a quick intake of breath, John threw off the covers and got out of bed. He drove a hand threw his hair as he left the room, closing the door gently behind him. He paced through the living room, trying to will his mind to stop.
“So we have to drink tea… together?” John asked again, still confused.
“Is… is something wrong, John?” Sherlock asked. John sighed with content as he shook his head.
But Sherlock was always full of surprises; he texted back almost immediately. As though he had been prepared for John to be so stubborn.
“John I love you, God, I bloody love you…it scares me…”
And now here they were in the United States. Sherlock let his head fall back against the seat and he closed his eyes. He hadn’t gotten much sleep within the past few days, and he was in desperate need. He was going to have to get used to flying, because he knew that Molly would be demanding he come visit at least once a week once he started his courses at Julliard.
3:42PM
Followed by a phone number.
The call ended, and John dropped his phone into his lap.
“Hold on, didn’t you just get back from your audition?” she asked, deep in thought. John gave a cautious nod.
He swore he could feel John’s pain as soon as he pressed send.
“Wait…” John said, holding his hands up. “Do you mean,
Sitting right there was the man who flipped his entire world upside down. Except, it turned out that John had been the one who was upside down the whole time. Sherlock just helped him get right side up again. And in a few months’ time, they’d be beginning their next adventure in New York City. They’d been in contact with the housing offices and were almost done with setting up arrangements for an apartment. All that was left was packing up their lives into boxes and shipping them across the sea.
“I love you John. When I’m alone, all I can think about is you. And how I hope you are okay, and how I hope that you aren’t hurting yourself. Because the thought of you hurting yourself just scares me; I’d be lost without you, John.”
He was too busy helping others, he never opted to help himself. He was breaking, and Sherlock didn’t know how to fix him.
“I guess I heard them getting you and I came back outside because of the commotion. I was being a concerned boyfriend.”
Sherlock was unsure of how to take his response. “Yes, that is the Julliard.”
“What?”
“He’s the son of one of the people my dad works with. He’s nice, we just aren’t that close.”
John nodded awkwardly and turned to walk to the entrance of the school. Sherlock smiled after him.
“Why… why are you looking through my suits?”
He’d… he had never had an audition go so well. Of course, within moments he was spiraling. What if he’d screeched here and there? What if his vibrato was too intense because he was shaking? He hadn’t even looked at the judges faces to tell what they were thinking. He was just ready to be done and off of that stage. He knew he played well, but… was it his best? Surely not.
“We weren’t really friends. He was just a last resort because there was no way I could’ve stayed in my house for the past two weeks.”
"I will forgive you, Sherlock. Because I love you. I love you so bloody much it's scary. And also since I love you that much…there's really no need for us to start over."
“Mycroft hopefully shouldn’t be home until later, so he shouldn’t cause much of a problem.”
Sherlock shrugged, turning his attention back to the food he was in the middle of serving. “Even then, it doesn’t matter if you’re world-renowned or not. Your recorded audition made an excellent first impression and they fought for you with all they had. They know you’re a special one, John Watson. And they know it would be a grave mistake to wave you off as an average musician.”
After what felt like eons, he heard John take a shaky breath. “You… you said the Royal Academy would take me…”
person on this planet who could actually make me believe, just for a
Mycroft laughed. “Why so bitter, brother mine? Is it not true that you have feelings for this new
His pride was nothing but encouraged when he was bombarded by his friends and his fiancé in the lobby. Molly thrusted flowers into his arms and Mike wrapped an arm over his shoulders and told him about all of his favorite parts. He made absolutely no sense in musical terms, but John couldn’t help the brightness of his smile as he listened to his friend talk on.
“Yes, yes, I should be getting home as well… safe walk, Mr. Stamford. Good evening, John.”
What did Sherlock do to deserve John Watson? The level-headed doctor who always put everyone else above himself. Deep down he knew John was breaking, and Sherlock cursed himself for being the one to cause it. They continued to talk about it for the next week and John never broke. He never caved. In the end, he sat there and pushed the ‘Submit Application’ button for Sherlock because he insisted that he couldn’t do it. His application was submitted. He’d be called for an audition within the following weeks.
Sherlock laughed again. "Excellent deduction, John."
Sherlock’s breath hitched as his phone buzzed. He and Mycroft were playing a late-night game of deductions.
“Is it John?”
intensely. He chuckled to himself.
John didn’t look convinced. “Perhaps not. Or perhaps Molly is the only one there who isn’t an uptight arse.”
Why was Sherlock… frustrated that John wasn’t studying music? Why was Sherlock frustrated that some day they may never play together again?
"Oh, don't cry, you git. You knew I was going to forgive you."
unintelligent.”
"At one point I touched your arm slightly and you flinched; your face scrunched up a bit, too. One could only assume the fabric of your shirt rubbed against the cuts and irritated them, causing a small amount of pain. Simple deduction skills, John."
“Oboe. I’m applying for the undergraduate program at Julliard.”
"Well, next to you, anyone is an idiot, aren't they?"
2:58AM
(See the end of the chapter for
"Can't we just stay here, Sherlock?"
Sherlock walked back over to his chair and slumped down into it. “Let’s just take some deep breaths and start over. You don’t have a great tragic loss of a sibling. But what do you have?”
“Woah, Molly, I can’t understand you… why are you crying? What happened?”
“I have a drug problem.”
off yet?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well everyone else seems to think I’m just fine.”
Sherlock fell into his chair, retrieving his phone from his pocket. “Fine, fine.”
“His name is Mycroft. He’s barely graduated and he’s already wormed his way into the government.”
“Sherlock Holmes, whatever you’re thinking, don’t you dare.”
“Okay, well my mum and dad are, well, my mum and dad. If they see you, they will probably ask you a million questions about your life. My wish is to avoid this because quite frankly, I know that you and I both would much rather get to a more private setting.” Sherlock put slight emphasis on the word ‘private’ and playfully bumped his shoulder into John. John blushed and Sherlock smiled.
John chuckled. “I’m sure you all managed.”
“Sherlock!” the woman’s voice called. “Sherlock, I need your help!”
John thrust Sherlock’s phone back into his hands, taking his computer and setting it down on the living room table. Sherlock’s hands shook violently as he typed the number into the phone.
“So, John, if you were to end your life, which I surely hope you wouldn’t, how exactly would you do it?”
“Not if we are going out, you can’t. Come on, up you get,” he said, pulling the covers off of Sherlock as he stood up. “Molly is gonna be here at 5.”
“I am. What gave it away?”
2:47AM
,” Molly grumbled. John heard rustling on the other line. “
Sherlock reached over and squeezed John’s thigh, smiling at him.
3:48PM
“What do you think is wrong? Why is he… captivated? By
“Oh, you’re that Holmes lad! You’re in the newspaper sometimes; for solving crimes and such. Do you think you could find John? He’s been missing, I’m so worried about him… he gets very upset sometimes and he’ll do crazy things…”
When John looked back up Sherlock pulled him in for a long passionate kiss. It only lasted a few second though before John pulled away.
"But, despite that, nothing that he or I did to you wasn't even remotely okay, John."
“I got in! Sherlock! I got in! To Juilliard!”
“You were mugged, but that’s hardly your fault.”
Sherlock simply burst into tears before pulling John into another bone crushing hug. His heart felt like it was both cracking in two and being filled to the brim with love, ready to burst.
John reveled in the amusements of the singing waiters and waitresses as Sherlock sat fuming next to him. Luckily, both of the men and the diner staff lived through the morning, and they left the diner, luggage in hand, and hailed a cab to the JFK airport. They climbed into the cab, and the ride was uncomfortably silent for the first few moments, until Sherlock finally spoke for the first time since entering the diner.
The entire performance was nothing but adrenaline and sweat and flying fingers for its entirety. John stood up once again and bowed, the thunderous applause faint under the pounding of his heart. He walked off the stage and stood for a moment, the applause not dying down for a moment. He turned around and walked back on stage, bouncing in his step as he motioned for the orchestra to stand behind him as took several more bows.
John smiled at him. “Yeah, I don’t exactly know how to walk home from here.”
Jim read the note aloud, trying his best to mimic Sherlock's voice. Of course, it hadn't been Sherlock who'd given him the note. But hey, whatever hurt John the most was fine with him.
“Because you’re madly in love with me, remember?”
His phone buzzed again.
on this fucking planet!”
3:30PM
“Oh, don’t worry about it, pretty boy. If you don’t know I can’t tell you.”
“You have a brother?”
Sherlock shivered at the huskiness of the command. It had been a very,
“So, finish medical school, then join the academy. It’s simple.”
“I’d love for you to spend the night.”
Mycroft pushed Sherlock aside and looked John up and down. John shied away from his stare. He looked briefly to see that Mycroft had his eyes trained on his arms. Mycroft grabbed one of his arms and looked at it.
Over the next few weeks, life was slowly returning to normal. Or it was at least trying.
,” John said, disgusted. “With the piano.”
“Since when do you get
John wasn’t sure what he was supposed to make of that, but before he could think about it too long, Sherlock stood up.
“I suppose I’ll have to keep this in mind for future endeavors?” he teased, causing the blush in Sherlock’s cheeks to refresh as they stepped out of the flat and climbed into Molly’s car.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey!” Jim shouted. John jumped in his seat and looked up at him. He attempted to keep the fear out of his eyes, but he knew he was failing desperately.
Mycroft smiled. It was nice to see his brother try to beat him at deductions. Key word: try.
“Well, he didn’t.”
, love. This is everything you’ve ever wanted.”
Sherlock took a deep breath.
John was the first to wake up the next morning, stretching until his spine popped. Sherlock groaned next to him, stirring himself.
“And then I just… up and left. I thought I was done for, but… Sherlock came and found me. He’d said that the judges… the judges were waiting for me,” John said, his voice still full of disbelief. “I mean, can you really believe that? The judges were waiting for me to come back and finish my audition? Instead of moving on to the next applicant? First of all, I don’t think that’s allowed? Second of all, why would they break protocol for me of all people?”
“I don’t know. I am rather fascinating, but most people just tell me to fuck off.”
“Why not? I think you’re fascinating, John.”
Around 1 in the morning, John and Mike parted ways with Molly as they walked back towards their flat. John, now having consumed more than a few alcoholic beverages, was babbling loudly about his latest efforts with school and romance until he walked right into a familiar stranger.
“Dance of the Goblins, Bazzini,” Sherlock said, nonchalantly. “Piano part isn’t too terribly challenging, so you should do fine.”
ummm you may notice the rating has been upped to mature.
(See the end of the chapter for
Not yet.
“There’s no way that this is correct, Sherlock. You’re bloody phenomenal… I think you should call admissions.”
2:55AM
That stopped John’s thoughts dead in their tracks. He really
Time slowed to a near stop as John walked onto the stage. He approached the beautiful piano sitting on the stage; it was there for him. He stopped by his bench and took a bow, his entire being enveloped in the sound of applause coming from the audience.
Then suddenly, the ringing stopped. It was replaced with a voice.
John sighed. “Since when are you the relationship expert?” Molly only continued to smile at him.
“It is,” Mycroft said, sounding unsatisfied.
John kept his mouth shut. He didn’t want Sherlock to know that he had already heard of his question, and had said no.
Mike gave a slight chuckle. “Don’t stay there too long, mate. See you back at the flat. We’re almost done here.”
John sighed and let his head fall into his hands. “
Sherlock hiccupped on the other end of the line, trying to regain control of his breathing.
"John?" Sherlock called out into the dark room as he slowly opened the door. In the dim light filtering in from behind him, he saw John tied up to a chair like he had been, his head hanging limply. John let out a groan; he must be awake.
Ah, they've lived through all the stress of auditioning again. Now maybe things can get back to normal?
“Don’t worry, all of your belongings were collected by the police, they are on the dining room table,” Sherlock said, sitting up.
John immediately blushed. “You were secretly filming me the
“My apologies. Here, let’s eat. It’s been a long day for both of us.”
Sherlock slowly stood as John hung up the phone and placed it back in his pocket.
"Quite right, too, Sherlock."
Shaky hands move the phone up to his ear.
"How am I mocking you?"
When they finally hailed a cab they rode to John’s home in silence. When they arrived, John got out of the cab. He turned before he shut the door. “Thank you for the lovely day; it’s been a while since I’ve enjoyed something like this.”
But at the same time, he knew exactly how. Somewhere out in the audience, the amazing Sherlock Holmes is sitting there, ready to cheer him on louder than anyone else in that audience. Well, maybe not as loud as Mike and Molly. Not in volume anyways. But in spirit, Sherlock’s cheers would always be the loudest. Because it was all thanks to him that he was sitting up on this stage in the first place.
Sherlock’s heart dropped. “Where could he have gone?”
“I can’t help it,” John muttered between chuckles. “You’d think growing up in London would have made it easy for you to adjust to the big apple.”
“My love,” Sherlock began, still trying to regain his breath. “As much as I really…
In about 15 minutes they arrived at the academy. It took them a few minutes to find where Molly and her violinist had been practicing, but with the help of Molly’s directions through text, they eventually found the right room. They were immediately bombarded by a frantic Molly. John took her hand gently into his and examined her wrist. It definitely looked like it could be broken.
He could feel Sherlock trying to curl in on himself.
“J-John? What… what are you doing?”
"Because he is ruining you, Sherlock."
sorry i'm so bad at updating D: I hope you guys enjoy the chapter!
Sherlock gave an exasperated chuckle, leaning further back into his chair. “Well that’s a relief. They rejected me because I’m talentless, not because I tried to convince the judges how good John was.”
John stared at Sherlock in disbelief when he didn’t answer.
After about a week John was up and kicking again. His first day back at school was rather intimidating. He spent the whole day looking for Sherlock, while at the same time, avoiding Jim at all costs. The one time he did see Sherlock, Sherlock immediately left the room.
“Would you like to go out for some tea? You’re a bit shaken up.”
for? He didn’t stay on the question long, as Mike started pushing him forward again.
with delight. Sherlock was taken aback with shock, watching John flail about madly before pulling Sherlock into a hug so tight he thought he felt a rib crack. When John pulled away from the hug he was smiling one of the biggest smiles Sherlock had ever seen.
"Well at least you're still an arse," John said flatly.
“They must’ve tried to drug you, and failed.”
he thought to himself.
John grabbed Sherlock's hand and pulled him up the stairs to his room.
John shook his head no. Sherlock approached him slowly.
“You… do you mean that?” Sherlock asked, his voice timid. “You want to… move in with me?”
Sherlock and John decided to walk back to John's house instead of taking a cab.
3:45PM
“Break a leg! You’re going to play beautifully.”
"Just one text to explain to him what's going on, please!"
“Greg Lestrade. And, well, you’re Sherlock Holmes, aren’t you?”
Sherlock smiled. “It was certainly my pleasure. I hope to do this again soon, John Watson.”
“They’re worried about you too, love. They know how much you wanted this, and they want you to get that spot in that school too. They know—we all know—how much you deserve it.”
Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “Sorry. I didn’t know how else to put it.”
The judge gave a curt nod and leaned back in her seat, returning her focus to the other judges next to her. Sherlock turned around and bolted backstage and towards where John had gone. He ran down the hall to the men’s restroom and opened it gently, listening. He heard gentle sniffling coming from inside.
?” Mycroft smiled wickedly
Sherlock was fidgeting nervously, still mulling over what exactly to say to John. By the time John had arrived, he had only spiraled deeper into the anxiety. He had no clue what to say. Not a single damn clue. Before now, everything was theoretical. But now he had to face John. He had to tell him that this was it. This was the end. Everything that they had built together was going to come crumbling down, and he hated himself for getting so bloody attached. But he couldn’t help it… he wanted to be attached. Why couldn’t things ever be easy?
John slammed his fists onto the piano keys. “God, when did you become the piano master too?!”
“Oh, any time John! I know life with your parents can get to be a bit much. I’m always here for you.”
John gave him a hard stare. “You?
“What about you, John. What is your sister like?”
Sherlock immediately dialed his brother's number and called it.
Despite the insult, there was little to no venom behind it. John finished brushing his teeth and rinsed his mouth before shutting the lights out and climbing into bed next to Sherlock. The brunet immediately curled up to him and let out a contented sigh.
Within minutes, he heard John playing the piece they’d just been filming… absolutely perfectly. Sherlock mentally patted himself on the back. He never mentioned to John that he left the camera recording at all times. His eyes flipped to the camera, and the blinking red dot assured him that it was in fact still recording. As quietly as he could, Sherlock moved to stand in the doorway, beaming with pride as he watched John play. Before he knew it, John reached the end of the piece, and from what he could tell, he hadn’t made a single mistake. Sherlock walked back into the room, empty handed with a giant smirk on his face. John immediately gave him a raised eye brow.
"My mother?"
John could hear Sherlock’s panicked voice from the other side of the door as he continued his worthless attempts to bust the door open. Suddenly, the door was ripped from its hinges, and Sherlock crashed onto his knees next to John and picked him up.
“Oh, good heavens John…” Mike exclaimed, yanking him back towards him. “My apologies, Mr. Holmes. He’s had a few too many this evening.”
John felt his cheeks flush again, looking away from him. “You’ve made your point. Shall we get started?”
John groaned in frustration. “You really think I’m in the right mindset to be answering god damn physics questions right now, Sherl?”
“Using them for what exactly?”
"Well, let's not talk about it, huh. I'm fine, let's leave it at that."
"John, are you alright?" Sherlock asked, rushing over to John and untying him from his chair.
It was a little after 11 and Sherlock had settled into bed already. John stood idly in the bathroom with the toothbrush dangling haphazardly out of his mouth. He was sending a lengthy text to his chat with Mike and Molly, explaining everything that happened.
John looked into Sherlock’s eyes and he didn’t think he’d ever seen so much love and admiration in those eyes. John could only give a shaky, almost hysterical laugh.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter!!! I am really so into this story and I really hope you all are enjoying reading as much as I am enjoying writing!
“Don’t worry Mrs. Watson. I’ll have him home within the hour,” Sherlock replied. He was off in a moment, not even waiting for her response. He would definitely find John within the hour. He just hoped he found him alive.
John looked at Sherlock, puzzled. “Why do you dislike your brother so much?”
The two of them laid there staring up at the stars, absentmindedly pointing out various constellations.
Sherlock nodded his head in understanding. He grabbed John’s hands and held them in his own, causing John to break out in a blush again.
Let me know what you think! Comments and suggestions are always welcome!
John slammed the door before he could listen to any more of Molly’s protests. His phone immediately started buzzing with frantic texts, so he just put it on silent and dropped it into his pocket.
But there was a small voice nagging at him. He was choosing Julliard over John, how could he do this?
“You’d think one of the most prestigious music schools in the United States would have a more user-friendly interface,” Molly muttered, typing furiously in the search bar. “I just want a bloody list of faculty or something.”
inside you, John Watson? You are quite the mystery.”
The Doctor of Musical Arts program was almost as though it had been tailored to Sherlock’s very own interests. The more he read about the program the more he was convinced that it was what he needed. It would take him one step closer to being the very best musician he could be. Eventually he found himself browsing piano courses and performance opportunities.
As always, thanks so much for reading! <3
John shook his head, his performance anxiety interrupted by brief interludes of
Both of them sighed in exasperation.
“Sherlock?”
3:03AM
“So Sherlock, how is your boy toy doing this evening?”
don’t go American on me. Just call it New York City. And, this is
“Whenever you’re ready, Mr. Watson,” came a voice from the judges’ table. John gave a curt nod, but he wasn’t sure if they’d even seen. After what felt like ages, John raised his shaking hands to the piano keys and he began to play.
“So…you were—”
3:17PM
“For one, you had someone mug me and put a
Sherlock opened his mouth, prepared to offer some more words of comfort, but they were both jolted out of their prior thoughts by the stage director.
“Love?” he asked, his voice barely above a whisper, as though he’d startle John and send him running from the apartment.
John could overhear Molly’s sobs through Mike’s phone. After a few minutes Mike shot John a strange look.
“I think a boyfriend would be more your area.”
“And do you, John Watson, take Sherlock Holmes to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
“What makes you think I know?” Mycroft retorted.
“Perhaps the diner located on Broadway wasn’t the best option for Mr. Hoity-Toity violinist,” he teased, elbowing Sherlock in the side. Sherlock grumbled something about how he’d have a serving of waffles and shoved his closed menu across the table, crossing his arms over his chest like an upset child.
Sherlock couldn’t help his stupid smile at John’s use of emojis. He thought he was the stoic, ever emotionless Sherlock Holmes. Yet here he was, smiling like an idiot because his boyfriend sent him a little heart.
“If your audition is good enough, they will offer you a full scholarship to attend their school, John.”
“You really don’t have to do that, Mr. Holmes. I don’t mind playing at all.”
With that, Sherlock left the room. The door closed, and John was left with his forms, the piano, and a slightly elevated heart rate.
“If you look along the seam between the sole and the leather you can clearly see that the seam has been repaired, one, two-”
“Hello?” John asked, still not completely awake.
“I love you too, you stupid idiot,” John whispered against Sherlock’s lips. He felt him smile, and John’s heart swelled.
“Let’s move in together,” John blurted out. The darkness swallowed up the words and left the two of them breathless, motionless, making sure that they’d heard John right. That John had really said what he just said. Out loud. At almost midnight.
“You aren’t really like him, are you?”
“God, I hate it when you crack your back. Couldn’t you have gone to do that elsewhere?”
“Best of luck to you, Greg.”
Sherlock flipped the covers off of him and looked at John with sleepy eyes. “
John stopped in his tracks for a moment… how had the muggers not ran before the police got there? Mrs. Hudson was the only one there. Maybe she was secretly one of those badass old ladies or something. Anyway…
Now John’s own eyes stung with unshed tears, and he could do nothing else but pull his boyfriend into his arms and squeeze him as tightly as he could, planting kisses wherever he could reach.
Why did he say yes? Why didn’t he
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, his words cracking under his sobs. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
Eventually the applause died down and the lights in the house came back up. Audience members trickled into the lobby and orchestra members filed backstage to pack up their instruments and get ready to go home. John waltzed into the nearest restroom and threw some cold water into his face, attempting to settle the fierce flush in his face.
“You’re very cute when you’re confused,” Sherlock said softly, almost as though he didn’t want John to hear him. He blushed furiously as Sherlock continued talking. “We’re going to drink some tea and talk about things. Musical things. It gets us both in the rehearsal zone at the same time, and I feel like we are more connected this way throughout the rehearsal. Though, I must say, our connection thus far without this ‘tea time’ has been fairly deep already, so I’m hoping that this can only make things go even smoother than usual.”
“Measure 64,” Sherlock said as he swooped up his violin and walked back over to his own stand. “We can start a few measures back if you’d like, to get into the phrase.”
“Hello? I am with a friend. Yes. Okay, I’ll be home in a bit.”
idea, you know.”
Sherlock slowly blinked his eyes open to see John ruffling through the suits hanging up in Sherlock’s closet.
“Well, to be honest… I don’t think I’m ready to let go of music yet. I hadn’t realized how much I missed this damn piano until you asked me to play for you.”
“Wrist is broken. Not bad, but broken. Doctor says she won’t be able to play piano again until it is fully healed, because the strain on the muscles wouldn’t be beneficial, plus it could cause complications with how the bones heal.”
Sherlock shook his head. “If I’m not good enough to get into Julliard, then what’s the point?”
“The last time I saw him he was with Jim.”
Sherlock sighed and fell back against the bathroom wall. The silence that fell upon the room was suffocating.
“Sorry, I’m just, trying to figure you out.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was already not a smart decision for John to get completely wasted on his own, and he realized this is exactly what Molly had been trying to avoid. It was even less smart for John to decide to hobble home on his own, while completely wasted. But, he was sure no cab was going to take him smelling like he’d just gone swimming in a brewery.
. Can we please keep the shouting to a minimum?”
He turned and motioned for John to walk inside with him. Once they had both gotten in and closed the door, Sherlock’s mum’s voice arose from the living room.
Molly couldn’t help her laugh. “He’s usually pretty sweet during rehearsals; he tends to rub people the wrong way when he first meets them, but he isn’t the pompous fool you think he is. He is most certainly one of the most accommodating soloists I’ve ever worked with. I wouldn’t want to play with anyone else.”
Sherlock relented and was now taking a warm bath upon John’s request while John made the two of them some tea and biscuits. He’d sent Mike a text telling him that he probably wouldn’t be returning home tonight, because he didn’t want to leave Sherlock on his own after everything that’d happened that day. Mike quickly responded asking about what was going on, as John had left him and Molly completely in the dark as he ran off to hail a cab to Baker Street. He told them that Sherlock had gotten bad news from Julliard, but he didn’t want to go too into detail because he wanted it to be Sherlock’s story to tell. Nonetheless, his friends knew what that meant, and they offered their well wishes for their friend.
"I know it is, but please. I need to tell you. I need you to know what happened. And I need most of all for you to believe what I am saying."
“Ya got it, Mr. Holmes,” he said, his grin never subsiding.
3:05AM
John eventually woke up. He rubbed his eyes as he slowly sat up. He scanned the dark room and was sure that he didn’t see Sherlock anywhere. He stood up and slowly made his way across the hotel room to the bathroom. He turned on the light to find it empty. His brow furrowed, and he turned back around and walked towards the bed. There was a note left on the table.
"No, Mycroft, please, let me just explain to him! I don't want to hurt him anymore!"
A sudden uncomfortable silence fell over them.
John gave Molly a worried look. “You should definitely go see a doctor. If it is broken, you want to get it set and casted as soon as possible.”
"It's all in the name of love."
John rolled his eyes. “I’m standing
After about 30 minutes, they were dropped off at Richmond park. Without saying anything, Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him towards the path.
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes, trying so hard to repress the tears that so desperately wanted to fall. Why was John so willing to let go of his happiness for everyone around him? It was going to eat Sherlock alive.
So I had posted this earlier and I received a comment on how transportation to school works differently in the UK, so I went through and tried to fix it up best I could. I didn't want to leave the story up because I didn't know how long it would take me to fix everything, but hopefully this is better than it was. ^.^
“Experiments?”
John stared at the paper in disbelief. He was so focused on it that he did not notice Jim approaching his table.
“So, Sherly, making nice with the new kid already?” Sherlock sighed as Jim and his friends walked up to him. Again. A very dull question, from a very dull person, of course. Sherlock did not particularly like Jim. He was rather large; if it weren’t for his massive size he wouldn’t be able to scare anything. Surely someone with a brain capacity as small as his could not do anything without a little help.
“Would you like me to call you a cab so you can get home this time?”
Before they fell asleep, Sherlock planted a soft kiss on the back of John’s head, hugging him closer.
"He's in the room next door," Before Mycroft could say anything else, Sherlock was gone. Mycroft let out another defeated sigh and slowly made his way to the front door and out of the house. Hopefully he could walk off the sharp pain that he felt in his cheek bone. He had barely begun walking when he ran into a jumpy, shorter boy, who dropped several papers he had been holding when he ran into Mycroft. He looked to be about Mycroft's age, maybe a bit younger. He had very short, dirty blonde hair. The boy looked up at him, his face apologetic.
“Alright, what is the
Sherlock pulled out from the hug a bit and cupped John’s face very lightly before pulling him in for another kiss.
A few years have passed and Sherlock and John are certainly thriving.
“I’ll get him out here. Please, I promise you that you’ll be making a grave mistake by not considering him for your program.”
“I do think that. I’ve thought it since the very first time I heard you play.” Sherlock said, his voice firm. John had no response but another blush as his hand moved to rub the back of his neck. “So, if you do ever decide that medicine isn’t your area—"
“Seriously, Sherlock,” John started, giving him a serious look. “You played your best, and I’m sure it was phenomenal. They seeked you
While it was Molly’s turn to sit on the phone and wait until her signal dropped, Sherlock finally spoke up.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and pulled him closer, deepening the kiss. They stayed glued to each other for what couldn’t have been more than a couple minutes, their tongues finding their way into each other’s mouths, gasping for whatever air they could get between kisses. Eventually they broke away, each of them panting, desperate for air.
Molly shrugged, feigning indifference, but her eyes were gentle. “I think I just felt that you were covering up a big soft sweetheart with that absolute arsehole act you’d been playing all those years.” She laughed as she looked over at John, who was lightly dozing where he sat on the sofa. “And I think John really helps bring out that side of you. Despite things that I may have done or said, I’ve always considered you my friend, Sherlock.”
“I made some biscuits too. Not sure how hungry you’d be.”
He let his phone slip out of his hand and thud against his desk, and he leaned back in his chair, groaning. He threw his hands over his arm over his face. A small part of him wasn’t sure why he was so nervous. John would never ever tell him to not go after something he truly wanted.
“Boys, boys, enough fighting, we have guests,” said the Holmes mother as she heard her boys fighting in the living room.
Sherlock jumped in front of John and grabbed him by the shoulders. “Deep breaths, love. Deep breaths.”
The two men slowly but surely got themselves out of bed and dressed. Their plane for London left at 8 in the evening, which meant that they had just enough time to pack up their things, check out of the hotel, and grab breakfast before they had to be at the airport.
“My problems are none of your concern!”
Sherlock waved his hands and stood up. “Absolutely not. That was phenomenal. Let’s call it a day, you should rest your hands after a run like that.”
They both fell silent and put on their headphones, listening to their respective pieces. They continued conversing on and off between sleeping and eating throughout the flight, and eventually they touched down at the JFK airport in New York. He made his way, barely, to the car rental station, and soon he was on the road headed towards his hotel. He made arrangements for a campus tour the next day, so he had all of today to sleep. Because good heavens, he was going to need it.
He turned and locked eyes with the tall brunet that stood a few feet away from them. He held a more modest bouquet in one hand, and a small box of chocolates in the other. John felt his heart soar at the gesture. Molly finally released him so he could move to embrace Sherlock.
Eventually they arrived at what John assumed was close to the middle of the park. They found a picnic table and Sherlock sat down on the table top. John sat next to him.
“I have to tell you something really important…”
“Have you not made friends before?”
Sherlock smiled at him. A real, genuine smile. John wasn’t sure he’d ever seen it before.
“Sherlock Holmes, what have you done?”
John nodded, still trying to catch his breath. Sherlock leaned down and kissed against his neck, alternating between kissing and biting and sucking. It had been a while since they’d gotten to be this intimate together, and Sherlock needed it now more than ever.
Sherlock gave John a soft smile before they were all ushered towards the exit of the airport.
“You better text us all the time!” Molly shouted. “If I don’t know what you’re doing every five minutes I might go crazy!”
“No, because I’m not the one whose lost my mind here, its you lot! You want me to try so hard to get in touch with these people as though its going to change anything, when it’s my own bloody fault I didn’t get in in the first place!”
have a very talented shoe repairman who only specializes in everything but the soles of shoes.”
“Nonsense, you are taking time away from your studies, I insist that we compensate you.”
“Damnit, Sherlock, give me that bloody phone!”
moments to spend with the people they cared for most. But instead they walked on, neither of them daring to let the other see the silent tears trailing down their face.
Mycroft rarely visited Sherlock’s school. Why would he? Too many dull children around. He could barely stand it when he was in high school. However, he had important business to take care of.
2:54AM
“Well,” Molly said, smirking at John. “Considering that I’ve never seen Sherlock act this way in all the years I’ve known him, I’m assuming this is how he reacts to feelings that he doesn’t understand.”
Although, tonight, Sherlock was not studying. He didn’t even go near his experiment table. He sat down in his chair and he thought about John. He thought about how John took his breath away when he first saw him. He thought about how angry he felt when Jim kept trying to bully him. He remembered how panicked he was when Jim actually landed a few punches on John. He remembered how much he enjoyed John’s company. John was the first person he had ever met who would willingly sit through his long, confusing stories about his experiments and not question him more than once.
because
"Shut up, Sherlock."
Mycroft pulled Sherlock into a hug. Nothing violent about it; just a hug. However, Sherlock immediately pulled away, staring at his brother in disbelief.
"How did they even get to you? You were in your house.”
When Sherlock still refused to move from where he sat on the bed, John waltzed over to Sherlock’s closet and removed the first shirt he found and whipped it over to him, slapping him directly in the face. Sherlock’s muffled protests were thwarted by a pair of pants quickly following the shirt.
He didn’t know how to approach John and tell him that after he’d finally found the courage to confess his feelings, he’s decided that he is going to run away to America and never return. That would surely keep the relationship steady.
“New York is hard,” he muttered, letting the door slam behind him. He set the food down on the table and walked over to the bed, sitting down next to John. “Maybe Julliard was my worst idea yet.”
I'll keep these notes brief, since I just posted this with the previous chapter. Enjoy!
Sherlock wrapped a steady arm around John’s waist and escorted him from the stage. He was sure that he wasn’t going to be able to walk for the next hour or so with all that adrenaline running through him. Sherlock walked the two of them outside and hailed a cab that they immediately fell into. Within seconds, John was snoring against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock smiled at him softly.
Sherlock smiled. “Not for undergraduate auditions, it isn’t.”
John picked up his music, and he noticed a piece of paper sticking out in the back of the book. He pulled it out and read it. It was…
a brother. He died a few years ago in an accident. I had a sister too. Her name was Eurus, and she was a phenomenal violist. She also…had a tragic passing.”
“No, no, you haven’t said anything wrong at all. That was wonderful, Sherlock, really. I never expected someone like you to be so open about their feelings. I definitely am glad you are, though,” he said. John buried his tear-stained face into Sherlock’s shoulder and they both tightened the hug. After what felt like years, they finally let each other go. They looked into each other’s eyes and slowly began leaning in for a kiss, but they were interrupted by John’s cell phone. John stood up and answered it.
John was pulled out of his thoughts with a gentle elbow to his side. He jolted, turning to face a startled Sherlock next to him.
don’t apologize to me when I just lashed out at your
“Why? That is all he is, isn’t he? I mean, you’ve never used anyone for more than sex. What would make this change of heart?”
The rehearsal ended. Sherlock gave a curt goodbye and thanked John again for his time before rushing out of the room. Without thinking, John pulled out his phone.
“Sure, go ahead. Maurice Ravel's Scarbo is over there somewhere I believe, if you want to try something impossible.”
After they had their things successfully packed into a cab, Sherlock pulled out his phone and did a search of nearby restaurants. They settled on a small diner a few blocks away from the hotel. They settled into their seats and pulled out the menu when they were approached by their waitress, who was… singing to them.
“Compared to you, I’m sure everyone is extremely unintelligent.”
John felt himself being moved and heard Sherlock’s voice but he couldn’t make himself respond.
“You can, John. You absolutely can. The only thing stopping you at this point is yourself. But I’m not going to let you stop yourself. I’m going to show you how to open yourself up to the world and show them exactly what you’re made of. Because I’ll be damned if you aren’t the most talented pianist I’ve ever heard, or met, in my life.”
“For God’s sake, Sherlock,” he said once they had made it upstairs. “I’d like to keep my arm in the socket!”
“So, Molly, I’ve got a question for you,” John said between sips of beer. “Is Sherlock, you know… always… an
The same anxiety John felt the other night when he asked him to be his accompanist again was creeping back into John’s chest. He looked back at the application for the Academy. Sherlock had put it there on purpose.
Sherlock slowly got the suit on that John had picked out for him. When he decided that he looked presentable, he nodded at his reflection in the mirror and made his way into the sitting room. John had magically reappeared, and he was wearing one of the most handsome suits Sherlock had ever laid eyes on. It was a deep red suit, and as much as the color popped, it really did wonders for John’s appearance.
Sherlock gave a curt nod before pulling John back towards him. John nuzzled into the crook of Sherlock’s neck, and they stayed like that for several moments. But soon enough, Sherlock shoved John out of the chair and stood up himself.
if I was gay.”
John looked at Sherlock, that familiar spark slowly coming back to his eyes. He smiled at Sherlock. "I say we just pick up where we left off, huh?"
John chuckled. “You give me too much credit. Oh, you guys, I was an absolute
“I just can’t promise that Sherlock, because if I promise that it just makes it that much harder to not think about it.”
we need to discuss? You’ve had me swimming in my own anxiety for the past hour, now.”
“Hey, Molly? What’s going on?” John asked, not sure if he wanted to know the answer.
John couldn’t tell how long it had been, but eventually his tears subsided, and he fell asleep in Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock let out a deep sigh that he’d been holding for who knows how long as he relaxed into the couch. Sleep eventually came over him as well, and they managed to sleep through the rest of the night.
"Oh, uh, sorry. In a bit of a rush," he said hurriedly, rushing to pick up the papers that were now flying out of his reach. Mycroft reached down and helped him.
John laughed and turned to look at Sherlock. He was deadly serious.
Sherlock continued to take John out for tea almost every day, even after the bullying stopped. Soon Jim learned that the more he tried to go after John, the more it backfired on himself. And of course he was too idiotic to realize that it was Sherlock who was sabotaging his attempts to bully John.
She shook her head and went about her business.
“Just…
Sherlock turned his gaze to the ground. He looked like he was working very hard to find the right words to use. John watched him. After a few moments Sherlock returned his gaze to John and cleared his throat.
“I’m not the scientist here, why don’t you tell me?”
Sherlock brought a hand to his face, sighing. He had to think of something,
“Goodnight, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, softly closing Sherlock’s door. Sherlock placed his biscuit back on the plate and fell back on the couch. Soon enough sleep had washed over him.
John’s eyes fell closed as silent tears began to fall from his eyes. “I can’t… I’m not good enough for this, Sherlock. I never should have done this. I can’t do this.”
Sherlock jolted awake. When he realized it was just John, he relaxed, throwing his arm over his eyes. “Good morning John.”
"No, I'm taking you home John. Up you get, come on!"
It's here.
Sherlock chuckled. “Besides that.”
“How?”
Sherlock let out something that resembled a growl and pounced on Mycroft, knocking him to the ground. Taken by surprise, Mycroft lost his breath for a moment, allowing Sherlock to easily pin him down.
Sherlock chuckled at the latest variation of his nickname. “You said it, not me.”
In a few moments he returned with an electric tea kettle, two mugs, and a bag full of different kinds of tea.
Sherlock was only able to muster up a muffled “you look good.”
Sherlock pulled John back in for a third kiss.
She happily took their orders for their drinks and danced off. John and Sherlock exchanged looks. Sherlock looked thoroughly displeased, but John couldn’t help but be amused.
“Sorry,” Molly whispered, bouncing where she stood. She couldn’t hide her excitement. Her grin took up almost half of her face. And Mike just looked completely dumbfounded that he’d been left out of the loop with the whole Sherlock situation until what he assumed was last night when they couldn’t get a hold of John.
“Oh, John, you’re going to be lovely! I just know it. You’ve always had the air of a true musician about you!” Molly exclaimed, pulling him into one of the tightest hugs she’d ever given him.
“Sherlock?!” Both Molly and Mike shouted in unison, sending a jolt of pain through John’s temples.
“Don’t do that to me, Sherlock. You still have Molly. You’ll still be able to give performances that take people’s breath away. And, I’m sure we’ll still be able to find time to play music together. We don’t have to give all of it up, just some of it.”
“I’ve found that the program that best meets my needs is at… Julliard.”
Sherlock’s face fell as he stood. He rushed around the couch to pull John into his arms.
“So, what are you waiting for?”
Sherlock nodded shyly, but he wasn’t ensured. He knew Mycroft was going to tell John about his drug addiction if he didn’t. But he just couldn’t bring himself to do it. Sherlock sighed in defeat, and he forced the thought to the back of his mind.
His phone buzzed with Sherlock’s response.
“This is our table, what are you doing here?” John picked up his food and the paper and quickly stood up.
John shrugged. “Yeah, but it’s the last semester. I’m graduating anyway, what does it matter?”
Molly gasped, and her hands shot up to cover her mouth. “Sorry,” she spoke softly before returning her hands to cover her mouth. She nodded to encourage John to continue.
Sherlock looked at John with disbelief. "What…what do you mean?"
Could he do this? He really didn’t know.
Both of them satisfied with the day’s events, they were able to tune out most of the night’s chaos that ensued in both of their homes.
“I assure you that he meant it in the most endearing way possible.”
“Sherlock…”
Sherlock is becoming a Soft BoyTM and this is how I always wanted him to be.
John sighed and placed a hand on his forehead, squeezing his eyes shut. Incoming hangover headache. “Did I do anything I’ll regret?”
“John, I wish you both wouldn’t do all this. If I don’t care, why should you lot?”
Sherlock’s reply was instantaneous.
“Zoilo please, on Duke Street,” Sherlock said as he climbed into the back of the cab. The ride was quick and quiet, and John couldn’t tell if it was the anxiety or excitement that was bubbling up in him the most.
“John, where are you going?”
smartest. Though, I must say, my brother is losing his edge.”
"Shut up."
He and John checked into their hotel room. John’s nerves had been increasingly intensifying since they got on the plane at Heathrow, and seeing as Sherlock couldn’t even seem to get his attention, all of his attempts to calm him down were failing.
John remembered what Sherlock had told him after their first performance together, and immediately tried to shake the thought.
“John! John this is it!” Sherlock nearly shrieked. He practically threw the envelope in John’s direction. John held the envelope in his hand, staring at it with disbelief. The two of them remained silent as John took several deep breaths, praying that his heart beat would slow just a little bit. Just enough for his entire body to stop shaking where he stood. Just enough to give him some control over his hands so he could actually get the damn thing open.
Sherlock went silent. “
John looked down at his lap and moved his hands about slightly.
“Sherlock!” a tall, curly haired boy corrected from behind him.
“Jesus Christ, John… Jesus…”
But it still hurt. It hurt more than either of them expected. A few weeks ago they were on their knees begging for things to be this way. Now they almost wished they could turn back the clock. Just a few more moments. A few more
John said thank you and smiled before Sherlock yanked him up the stairs.
More tears, more shaky breaths.
Sherlock used his hands to motion a deep breath in and out. He mouthed ‘I love you’ and ushered John towards the stage.
“Oh dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, concerned.
Sherlock accepted this as John’s forgiveness and they made their way to John’s front door. Before John could open it, it was swung open, revealing his mother.
The rest of that day passed in a blur, and the next thing Sherlock knew, he was walking on stage, palms sweating. He turned to face the four judges that sat in front of him, pencils and paper on the table in front of them. They were murmuring softly to each other as Sherlock mentally prepared himself.
“And it would appear that you did not erase his either.”
John rolled his eyes, shaking his head as he was half listening to Molly muttering curses either at her phone, the admissions office, or both. “Because I know that you’re full of shit and that you probably care ten times more than I do, and I’m also not going to let you throw everything away like an idiot,” he responded, without even turning away from his phone. Sherlock simply shrank further into his chair, wondering what on Earth he’d done to deserve the beautiful blond sitting across the room from him.
John elbowed Sherlock in the side. “Shut up, git.”
"Please, John, please," Sherlock begged. He'd get on his hands and knees if he had to.
“I am never going to forgive you for any of this…you’re doing nothing to help anyone but yourself.”
“I beg your pardon, but… are you auditioning for Julliard as well?” he asked, his voice surprisingly soft.
“Mary!” Sherlock called out. The blonde turned around and smiled.
It was John Watson’s first day at a public school. He had just moved to London and had been homeschooled all through his life. However, money became very tight and his parents both had to get jobs, which meant that he could no longer do that.
“Maybe Angelo won’t care, but
Before John even processed what Sherlock had said, he pulled him into a kiss. Sherlock let out a surprised sound, but soon his hands found John’s hips and he leaned into the kiss.
John’s heart thumped as he read the message.
“Alright, tell Molly I said take care.”
John walked outside and headed for the end of the street; he knew the general vicinity of where he was going, he just really disliked taking the tube. There were too many people, no matter what time of day you went. As he rounded the corner, sure enough there was a group of kids walking down the street. He didn’t want to confront them; people were most definitely one of his weaker points. He kept a safe distance, hoping that they would not notice. Unfortunately for him, one of them turned around and saw him. He immediately put his attention on something else.
Mike put the phone down on the table and put it on speaker.
(See the end of the chapter for
As always, comments and questions are welcome and encouraged!
“You’re disgusting.”
John punctuated his next remark with a whip of his clothes, attempting to get the wrinkles out. “Because it isn’t well enough to be left alone. Now stop complaining and get up and put some clothes on. If we can’t shower the sex off, the least we can do is make it look like we did.”
Sorry it took so long to update! Getting over my last few nerves and re-reading everything a million times.
“Sherlock?” John asked as he approached the table. Sherlock turned to him and smiled.
“Sherlock,” John started, voice shaking. “Why didn’t you tell me? Why did you… why did you let me get in the way? You should have just left me in that bathroom, if you’d known it was going to cost you… everything.”
John leaned up and kissed Sherlock on his forehead. “We’ll always find a way back to each other Sherlock. You can’t give up Julliard if I don’t make it. Please, promise me. Promise me this.”
“We’ll know soon enough. I auditioned so late in the season, decision letters are going to be sent out within the month. Sherlock will have his even sooner than mine.”
For once, everything ran smoothly at the airport. They’d made it through security easily enough, and they found a pizza place in the airport to grab lunch before they made their way to the gate. John had remained pretty silent after their brief conversation in the cab, but Sherlock felt no reason to break the silence. They were both still thoroughly exhausted from everything that had been happening, and it was more than enough to be all encompassed by each other’s silence.
“Thanks, Sherlock,” he said softly. “For dinner.”
Just then Jim fell forwards and landed in his large trey of food. The cafeteria erupted in laughter. That’s when John noticed Sherlock smiling at him from behind where Jim had fallen. John gave a shy smile back at him. Sherlock motioned for him to sit down. John had lost his appetite, though. He threw his trey away and went to sit outside for the remainder of lunch.
He couldn’t tell if it was a huff of sad amusement he heard on Molly’s end or not.
“I think it would do you good to at least send the admissions office an email.”
Sure enough, the school was absolutely delighted to offer John a live audition. He scheduled it for a month from the day, and now the rehearsals began. That was the good thing about the audition. He sent in a snippet of his chosen piece and played the piece in its entirety during the live audition. John had chosen the first movement Chopin’s Sonata number 2 in B-flat minor. It was a truly stunning piece, and John could play it
“Sherlock?”
Without warning, John and Molly both broke away and ran to give each other one last hug. Mike joined in, wrapping them both up in his arms. A last pair of arms wrapped themselves around the group, and John felt Sherlock’s chin come to rest atop his head.
One meal and four more hours of internet browsing later, Molly and John had finally found a handful of e-mail addresses to contact, including the general support e-mail for the admissions office that was included in the decision letter. With Sherlock’s reluctant assistance, they drafted a message with just enough snark to sound like Sherlock and not his two friends drafting a message for him, but lacking the pompous air that would likely get him nothing more than a scoff before the recipient would hit the discard button. With messages sent, Molly closed her laptop and took a deep breath.
Well, apparently Sherlock really had his ideas. Because no matter how John insisted that this wasn’t going to work, here they were. Less than 24 hours after their talk, John’s information was already filled out for the undergraduate piano program at Julliard. Sherlock’s hand was on his as they pressed the ‘Submit Application’ button together. John was absolutely shaking. Sherlock held him close, insisting that everything was going to be alright. In the meantime, he helped John start piecing together potential pieces for his audition. He was in constant contact with Greg, asking him all sorts of questions about how the audition process went. He was going to have to submit a video of his prospective live audition piece before he was even called for a live audition. John was growing more and more nervous by the minute, but Sherlock was certain that this was all going to work.
John stood off stage, his palms sweating and his heart racing. His first performance as a professional musician. He was fresh from The Juilliard School of Music, and he was about to have his first performance as the
John slowly stood up and pulled on his pants and socks. He threw his shirt on over his head. It was 6:10 when he was ready to leave.
“Thank you. What do you play?”
Sherlock checked his watch. “We should get going. We don’t want to be too late.”
stand the thought of not having Sherlock here next to him. Couldn’t stand the thought of waking up in his cold, single-person bed at home. Couldn’t stand the thought of not waking up to brown hair sticking in his face and tickling his nose first thing in the morning. A swift poke to the ribs brought him back out of his spiral.
John felt nauseated at the sheer ignorance. “Yeah, well, she needs her hand to play, so I think that takes priority,” John snapped back without turning to face the man who was speaking to him. “She’s going to see a doctor. Mike, take her to Bart’s, would you?”
As soon as he paid the cab driver, he hopped out and ran up to John’s door. He probably knocked much louder than was necessary, but he didn’t care.
Molly gave John an annoyed stare. “You think an American college is going to spend any more money than they have to on something like admissions letters?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why do you sound confused?”
bad.”
John hugged him. “You git,” he said softly.
“I’d probably take a dive off of here; I know people say suicides don’t work from a building this short, but hey, I’m sure I’ll think of something creative by the time I go and do something like that.”
And of course, Julliard grabbed his attention. One of the most prestigious music schools in the whole world, and he was almost certain that he would be accepted. Why, he was bloody Sherlock Holmes. Only barely in his 20s and already one of the most prestigious concert violinists of his time.
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock reached out with his free hand and grabbed John’s own hand, squeezing it tightly.
Sherlock shook his head. “The John Watson I know and love would never throw caution to the wind like that, especially with academics. I’ve been a bad influence on you, it would seem…”
Before Sherlock could respond, Molly interrupted.
“I’m John Watson.” John replied.
I'm working on getting longer chapters b/c I know longer updates are always better (for me at least). I love it when a fic writer updates with a super long chapter. :) Thanks u guys so much for reading and leaving the lovely comments, they always make my day!
Sherlock nodded as he pulled out his phone and turned it on.
how talented you are. They just need you to go out there and sit at that piano and play like you always do. They’re waiting for you to blow them away.”
John flipped the phone open and put it up to his ear.
Sherlock gave a particularly rough squeeze, earning a pained yelp from the man sitting in front of him.
And they both liked it that way. They liked it very much.
The priest closed the book he held in his hands and smiled at the two men in front of him. “Ladies and gentlemen! For the first time I present to you Doctor and Doctor Holmes-Watson!”
“Do… do you think he…?”
John heard an annoyed sigh come from somewhere across the room. “His royal highness
“What, like sex isn’t the perfect stress reliever?”
. Two, you did the same thing to John. Three, you have been a complete arseholes for the past few months, and you deserved it.”
silence.
Sherlock gestured to the tripod and smiled bigger. “I just got you your ticket to the live audition, sweetheart.”
John’s eyes lit up in surprise. “
Sniffling rose up from the audience as they watched the two men standing in front of them, holding hands and staring deeply into the other’s eyes while they recited their wedding vows.
“It isn’t funny! Next person who laughs at me gets a book to their skull!”
“Then that’s impossible,” Molly said thoughtfully. “Because your audition was just two days ago then. The day before you flew back, right? That gives them less than 48 hours to get that letter overseas and into his mailbox. It’s practically impossible. They must have sent it out before your audition, it’s the only way it would have gotten here before you even returned home yourselves.”
As always, leave questions and comments as you please! Also let me know if you like where the story is headed or if you feel like it would be better going somewhere else.
“What?”
"God damnit, Sherlock, just go! Stop being so bloody stubborn, God knows why John puts up with you…"
“Sherlock, music isn’t just something you do. Medical school was just something I did. But, with you, God, you
Sherlock let the utensils he was holding fall from his hands and land with a crash on the table. He slammed his palms down, trying to hold back his frustrations with how little John thought of himself. “John, the way you played today… there are some professionals that still can’t feel the music that deeply, with that level of intensity!”
They found themselves not actually heading out to eat for at least another two hours after they’d arrived at John’s and Mike’s flat. Molly had so many questions about Julliard, and John was winded by the time he’d answered her third question.
“You can walk closer. We don’t bite, I promise.”
“The hell was that for, Sherl?” he snapped, whipping around to face the taller man. Sherlock knelt down so he was at eye level with John sitting at the piano stool, before pulling him into a bruising kiss. John’s grunt of surprise melted into a pleased groan as he kissed back. For a moment, just a moment, all he could think about was how soft Sherlock’s lips felt sealed against his own.
John remained silent as he regarded Sherlock’s statements. “I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to fall into the music as well as you do. I haven’t been totally immersed in it like you have.”
“Sherlock, that’s amazing! Absolutely incredible!”
3:24PM
Sherlock’s eyes went wide as he regarded John for several moments. He… he wasn’t throwing away his happiness. He was going to go after music. He wasn’t going to let everything go. This… maybe this wasn’t the end. Maybe this was just the beginning.
John froze where he stood, and Sherlock turned around.
John shrugged. “You told me to let go, so I did.”
“Have you seen John?” Sherlock asked. Mary grew concerned with the urgency in Sherlock’s voice.
Sherlock took John’s hand from his mouth and gave it a reassuring squeeze before planting a gentle kiss to his palm. “John, I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life. If this school doesn’t take you on a full scholarship like they’ve taken me, then I’m not sure that they can continue to claim that they teach the finest musicians.”
“You’ll have to take the tube to school, we can’t drive you.”
“Just try to stay calm, keep ice on that wrist, John and I are on our way,” Mike said, before he hit the end button on his phone and stuffed it into his pocket. He and John immediately went outside and hailed a cab.
Sherlock turned ran off the stage and over to the judge’s seats where they still sat, dumbfounded.
“Shut up,” John muttered, returning his attention to his phone.
“So… am I reading too much into this?” John asked, watching Molly as she scrolled through the messages Sherlock had sent him yesterday.
“You’re playing too strictly with the tempo, John. Remember, they’ll have already seen that you have technical talent, so they’re going to want to see more personal flair than mastery with the piece.”
“Yes, but I know enough about you to know that you need to have someone who worries.”
John blushed as he sat down at the table. “You’re giving me way too much credit, Sherl. I ran off the stage a crying mess, remember? No matter how well I did the second time, I’m sure they’re going to take that into consideration.”
After a few more minutes the song eventually came to a close, and John walked into the room.
"Okay, now who the hell are
“That doesn’t mean she’s better. That just means she goes to the fancy music school. You could go there too, if you ever wanted to.”
“Oi, what the hell is that supposed to mean?” John demanded. “Last I heard, you were impressed with me.”
“Oh John, I knew you could do it!” Molly said excitedly. “I’m so excited for you! How are you feeling?”
John sat at the bar, drink in hand.
“This is obvious,” Sherlock replied, with the smallest hint of a smile playing at the corners of his mouth. “Gone out to celebrate a job well done, have we?”
There was a small bit of commotion on the other end. “Oh, I have to go, rehearsal is starting soon. Thanks again, John, I owe you!”
“I am returning a call I received from you a few hours ago. My name is Sherlock Holmes, and I’m calling about my application status.”
"If you'd like to worry about John, now would be a good time to start."
“I’m implying that you aren’t what Sherlock was expecting, and he doesn’t know how to handle you. He’s
“Over these past few weeks, Mycroft has been distracting me from things to help fix my drug problem…which is another reason he didn’t want me talking to you…he wanted me to completely focus on what he was doing…I meant to tell you earlier, but I was just so scared of losing you, John…I was so scared…”
He felt John go stiff in his arms. John pulled back and looked down at Sherlock, his face red, but he wore an elated grin. “Let’s take care of each other, yeah?”
“Oh my god!” John cried, bounding towards Sherlock and jumping onto him. Sherlock reflexively wrapped his arms around him so he wouldn’t bring both of them down to the ground.
“I didn’t do anything to you…” John said shyly. The next thing he knew, John was pinned against the lockers by his shirt collar. He tried desperately to squirm free from Jim’s grip, but it was no use. John knew what was coming and he braced himself for it.
"I'm so sorry, John. Oh my God, I'm so sorry."
“No, no, Sherlock. No matter what happens here, you cannot let that sway your decision.” It was John’s turn to cup Sherlock’s face. “This is your
“You’re special to me. Isn’t that all that matters?”
“There’s never anything good on anymore.”
“Ah, good, you’re early,” he said, standing up and walking towards John, clapping his hands together. “Firstly, I want to thank you again for taking the time to do this with me. I really can’t express my gratitude.”
“Relax, it wasn’t a challenge on your talent,” Sherlock responded, not losing his composure for a second. How was he so calm and collected and arrogant all the damn time? More importantly, how was it so easy for him to cause John to lose his own composure? “You were the one just pacing about the room because you can’t remember the last time you played on stage… do you want me to send you out there with the Scarbo?”
“Don’t you
Mike shrugged. “Who cares? If it’s your dream, there’s no time limit or degree requirements, right?”
The crowd erupted into cheers and tears and congratulations. The two men looked at the priest expectantly.
“Because you were
“What?”
Sherlock was ripped from his sadness by John absolutely
He had never had another person in his flat before; he didn’t exactly know how he felt about it. All he knew was that he didn’t hate it, and that was a strange feeling to have absent from him in this sort of situation. Why the hell was John so different?
John nodded excitedly. “Oh, I got that too! Boy, it sure is going to look weird to have an M.D. entering an undergraduate program for music, isn’t it?”
“Yes, mum. John is here, I think he’d much rather avoid conversation.”
he thought to himself.
T H E  E N D
Those immediately felt like the wrong words to say, but Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from blurting them out.
are you?" Mycroft felt as if he were going to vomit.
But even a day’s worth of peace would be more than enough. Sherlock just wanted to see John’s eyes bright and happy beyond the piano keys.
John bent over to pick up his clothes that were abandoned on the floor the night before. “Because she and I are similar in that we aren’t going to let you throw away your life that easily.”
“I do.”
everything I’ve ever wanted.”
I have that sort of job. There’s no way.”
“I’d love to go on a date with you.” John had blurted the words before he could stop himself. Then it was his turn to blush as he saw Sherlock’s eyes light up in excitement. He wasn’t exactly sure what Sherlock had been so captivated by that compelled him to ask John on a date, but he wasn’t going to fight it. There was no doubt that his being thrust back into the world of music was nothing short of destiny. Had he come across anyone other than Sherlock Holmes himself, he had no doubt that he wouldn’t be finding himself stuck in this crushing debate over what John truly wanted to do for himself.
, John thought, not able to suppress his chuckle.
Sherlock closed the lid of the piano gently and placed his violin on top of it before running out of the room. Where on Earth was he going in such a hurry?
John was met with incoherent crying on the other end. His heart sunk and he felt a lump in his throat.
“If the Royal Academy would take you in a heartbeat, so would Julliard. I know it,” Sherlock continued, trying to keep the desperation in his voice to a minimum.
Mike nodded, and with that John ran off and hailed the first cab he could, shuttling off to Baker Street. As soon as he stepped out of the cab, he threw another wad of cash into the cabbie’s hand, insisting he keep however much change was there. With that, John ran inside and up to Sherlock’s flat as quickly as his legs would carry him. He walked in to find a distraught Sherlock, still knelt on the floor, hugging himself. The god forsaken letter lay on the floor, crumpled where Sherlock’s fists had held on to it so tightly. Without saying a word, John fell to his knees next to Sherlock and pulled him into the tightest hug he could muster. He had one hand wrapped tightly around Sherlock’s waist, and he moved the other to card his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. He whispered soothing ‘I love you’s’ and tried to convince Sherlock that everything was going to be alright.
He looked out to the stage and saw the orchestra warming up. The New York Philharmonic orchestra. Warming up. For his concerto. Where he was the soloist. He was so giddy with nerves and excitement, he wasn’t sure how he was going to live through this.
Sherlock tiredly shook his head where he laid on John’s lap. “I’m not quite interested in hearing all the terrible things they have to say about me or my audition, John.”
Sherlock’s heart sank as he looked at John’s broken figure
“Well I don’t keep tabs on Mr. Watson, and you shouldn’t be worrying yourself over him anyhow.”
He chanced a glance at Sherlock, who simply looked ahead at nothing in particular, his eyes glossy from tears welling fresh in his eyes.
John felt the uneasy silence on the other end of the line. He let out a sigh and walked over to the sofa and gently sat down.
Sherlock smiled and looked down at the shorter boy walking next to him. Before they reached John’s house, Sherlock stopped. John turned.
“And then I had to meet you. The
“No.”
“And school in America is so much more expensive than it is in the United Kingdom, I’d never be able to afford it without a medical job, and I’ll never have the time to focus
Would they really? He was so rusty… sure, he’d been a force to be reckoned with back when he competed and performed regularly, but. It wasn’t medicine. It wasn’t supposed to be what he wanted.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah.”
3:57PM
“Who the hell would be texting me at this hour?” he asked himself, picking up his phone.
“See, Sherlock? All it takes is a little digging.”
Despite the palpitations in his heart, Sherlock was able to keep his voice unwavering and firm.
As quickly as the kids gathered, some teachers had dispersed them and sent them on their way. Jim and his group walked away triumphantly, but once again the curly-haired did not do as they did. He helped John stand up, and handed him his crumpled up map that had been crushed in his hand.
2:45AM
"Well, Mr. Holmes, go ahead and make yourself at home. John, darling, go wash your face up and pull on some clean clothes. I'll make you boys some tea," Mrs. Watson said, walking to the kitchen.
"Come on, John. Use your legs, come on."
But then, destiny called. Or texted, rather. Molly’s name lit up John’s screen. He made a few more marks on his latest draft before picking up his phone.
John walked on legs that felt like jelly. He wasn’t even sure how they were carrying him at this point. He followed the man who’d called his name to the stage entrance. He went from the bright fluorescence of the hall to the ultra-violet lit backstage. He could see the piano placed on the stage. At some point the man in front of him stopped and turned to him. John stopped as well until the man ushered him forwards.
“I’m a soon-to-be medical school graduate who just so happens to be the top of my class. I think you can put two and two together from there,” John said, a teasing lilt to his voice as he frantically shuffled through his own stack.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock angled his head to look up at John. “We?”
“No you are not!”
Sherlock talked and talked.
John arrived a bit earlier than usual for their next rehearsal. He had found some old sheet music in his flat and wanted to spend a few moments on his own with the piano. It was quite a beautiful instrument. It had a sleek finish, and a gorgeous white color. John had only ever played a piano such as this in his dreams. He double checked to make sure he didn’t hear any footsteps coming down the hall, and then he sat down and began to play.
