"Well I was promised some good quality wine after all, and the company isn't too bad either," the brunet says winking. "We should get some string to mark where we'll build, go and get some and I'll start measuring."
"Mm, must be a Northern thing then," Tony said, amused at Steve's change in demure. "Say, where are those two knuckleheads? I owe them my thanks."
Steve spends an unnerving few minutes powering up his ancient laptop, tapping the mouse furiously as if that would help speeds things up.
Before the two of them could continue carrying on, Steve interrupts, a lightbulb going off suddenly. "Hey, Thor, you share classes with Rhodes, right?"
"The heroes who've signed on are all vetted for, and everyone who's signed the agreement agrees to answering to the higher ups," Tony explains, signalling for Stephen to jump in.
"I've been working hard to get my sweetheart somethin' pretty, what type of man do you take me for?" Bucky asks breathily, leaning up to seal their lips in a passionate kiss.
"Woah, seriously?" Peter asks excitedly. "That's- that's great, would you be interested in going out with him?"
"Well, I almost got kicked out of a lecture yesterday, and my chemical engineering lecturer is totally useless, so there's that," Tony supplies, waving animatedly at someone who calls out to him. "I didn't know Janet came to things like this."
Tony smiles, then dives in for a kiss, sweet and unrushed and Steve is clumsy in catching up and returning it, still regaining his faculties from sleep.
"Has the blushing virgin returned? Sharon must've really done a number on you," Clint chips in, cleaning his teeth loudly.
"If we sewed it up, how would we convince you to keep comin' over, darlin'?" Bucky asks with a wink, stretching himself out over the couch.
"My, my, my, what do we have here, boys?" A man with an obvious southern drawl asked. "A wee little damsel in distress?"
"That was extra, and we told you that from the beginning," Sam says matter of factly, crossing his arms across his chest. "Besides, you weren't even good on payment."
"Well," Tony starts, handing the packages over to Steve, "I thought we needed more than just my expertise. Turns out the town's library, though ancient and barely even running, has quite an extensive collection on farming. You boys ever go down there during bad harvests?"
The brunet is dressed in damp jeans and a thin shirt, spurring Steve on to get into more comfortable and warm sleeping clothes, trying his best not to wake him. Tony huffs and groans a few times, but remains asleep, his face buried in the pillows.
Laughing so hard it hurt, Steve tried to keep up with Tony, who was walking as fast as possible without it being called running away back towards the safety of their tower.
“As eloquently put as always, Clinton,” Tony said sweetly, while fixing the archer with a devious stare.
Tony motioned his wrist, sweeping up images of attempted remakes of the serum, and various documents Erskine had allowed the military to obtain.
“Can we deal with this on the jet? We’ve gone like four days without WiFi and I’m going out of my goddamn
Steve and Bucky shot up from where they stood, only to stumble when the jet shuddered unnaturally. Clint reached across towards Sam and strapped him in, despite the other man’s protests, and gripped firmly onto one of the bright yellow handles swinging idly from the ceiling of the jet.
Natasha had heard the commotion over the comms after Thor warned Tony to hold back before he got there. She then heard a crack of thunder and Thor launching into the air, but looking up he wasn’t landing down on the avenue Tony and Steve had been fighting on; the Thunder God had intercepted a Doombot mid-air.
“You really mean that?” Steve tried again, edging closer to Tony, cornering him on the kitchen surface.
Tony got up, and Steve followed quickly, pretending he’d just been scouting the area. They sat at the top, waiting by the door until Buck would come up and give the go-ahead.
“They recently began to make ground in Siberia, after the programme was dug-up again,” the brunette said, mind going a mile a minute.
Steve pulled the door almost shut, pushing Tony back against it closing it all the way, hands roaming over the smaller man’s body.
Steve vaguely picked up on Wanda and Bucky chiming in for the chorus, but Tony… God, he could barely breathe at the sound of the man’s voice; a soothing blanket that fell over the room, sending warmth bubbling up his insides and prickles of cold along his spine.
“Yeah – well, I was speaking English pretty soon after I begun to speak Italian, but when I was born my Mom, she wanted privacy, so we stayed with her family in Italy most of the year,” he shrugged, reading off the next line of the book to Clint, who threw a thumbs-up back at him. “They all spoke it, so guess I just picked it up first,”
“Are you bisexual?” she asked quietly, creating such a tone of raw honesty that the air felt as though it had been sucked from the room. She felt it, and she already knew that Tony did too.
The blonde responded by lifting the brunette again, who cackled in delight, holding him up with one arm and stripping himself and Tony of their shirts, kicking the wicker armchair out the way and laying down against the dining room table. Their bodies glided over each other, slick with sweat and heat, feverishly kissing each other as if desperate for air.
“After the next round of fire, we need to make a run for it. We won’t have another shot after that.”
They sat in a comfortable silence before Tony backed himself on top of the counter, swinging his legs as he did so. Watching amusedly, Steve turned to look at him.
,”  Clint panted to himself, sprinting over to them “thank fuck they’re alright.” He slowed to a jog, grinning ear to ear as he approached them. “You kids enjoy your sleepover?”
“You have children, stop recycling stupid jokes from sitcoms,” Clint squealed when Natasha landed a solid punch to his shoulder, earning a deep rumbling laugh from Thor as he and Jane joined them.
“You made a sex-tape with Perez Hilton? Gross, man” Clint snorted as he came to perch on the back of the sofa, facing the table Tony and Steve were sat at.
Tony pulled out another joint, passing it to his friend, who grinned devilishly. “I hear that, must’ve been just after college we last did this, Tones,” the man grinned, lighting the end of the joint.
“Because one of them is a fake,” Natasha finished for him, quirking her head to the side and offering a small yet impressed smile.
“What?!” Tony wasn’t as tense now, a grin forming across his face even if he wasn’t completely sure why. “I thought it was simple, effective! I am having a moment of
Blinking a few times and twisting his face funnily, Tony looked around the room, settling on Thor who was sitting in a chair much to small for someone of his stature. It creaked weakly as Thor leant forward, gently ruffling Tony’s hair and smiling sadly.
“Huh, why’s it look all funny like that then?” Clint asked, feigning genuine curiosity. Sam merely rolled his eyes, nonchalantly taking his right combat boot off to throw at the archer’s head.
” Spittle flew from the agents mouth, and Natasha loosened her hold on her weapon - and the agent visibly relaxed when he saw it slip out her right hand - dropping down a few inches before her left hand snapped it up again, firing two precise shots between the man’s eyes. His body fell into a heap on the floor, foot twitching a few times before permanently stilling.
“It’s the only thing I respect about you,” she said in a solemn voice, breaking out into a smile when he gently kicked her foot under the table. She looked at him intently then, scrutinising him.
“Sure looks like it from where we’re standing,” Steve grumbled darkly. The agent only grabbed Tony’s arm, pulling the man closer to him and pressing the gun at the base of his skull, eyes manic.
“Bucky tell you that?” Steve smiled, trying very hard not to let a ridiculously goofy smile take over his face, feeling warmth flushing his cheeks and stomach. He settled the palms of his hand on the counter either side of Tony, leaning in closer.
Training with Nat was a lot more fun than Tony had anticipated. If he was honest, he’d always assumed her combat style was way beyond his own abilities, so really, there wasn’t any point in
“We feared we’d lost you, Anthony,” Thor said, “your heart was weak and you lost a great deal of blood, I’m afraid. I am, I’m so sorry, my friend, I didn’t get to you sooner. Had I been faster, perhaps Doom wouldn’t have been able to inflict such a grievous wound upon you.”
, close. Squishing up next to each other, whispering to one another, playing with each others hair, apparently.
“I could wing-woman you, y’know,” she suggested, raising an eyebrow at him, “It’s not like you don’t get hit on every time we come here.”
Not before long, Bucky and Natasha established their area as clear, before going to regroup with Steve. Jogging through the uneven landscape, kicking up snow as they went, they heard a large commotion ahead. Speeding up their pace, they emerged in a small clearing before Natasha suddenly came to a stop, red locks falling in front of her pale features, flushed pink from the biting cold, framing her face delicately.
Pursing her lips, Natasha raised her gauntlets and did a scan of the debris in front of her - they beeped back at her.
Natasha brandished two steaming mugs of tea in front of Tony and Bucky, snorting loudly at Tony’s purpling face. Shaking her head, she fetched a wash-cloth from the kitchenette sink, and carefully scrubbed the trail of blood cascading down Tony’s nose, lips, and chin.
Three days ago, after a particularly gruelling mission against a horde of alien creatures, the team had been blindsided by an attack from a group of former Hydra agents, gone rogue trying to establish their own little cohort of baddies. They hadn’t even been on the Avengers’ radar. S.H.I.E.L.D was supposedly on their trail, but clearly underestimated the group’s abilities. Both Nat and Tony had been injured in their last fight - no more so than normal, but enough that they weren’t equipped for an ambush. They’d been drugged and hauled out of there before the others had even known they were in trouble.
Tony shifted uncomfortably, pulling at the fabric covering his battered chest. If Natasha noticed - which she certainly did - she didn’t say anything.
New York when it got that hot, and in all fairness, it did tend to take on a cooked-trash smell in some parts. So, everyone was happy to head up to a quiet lakeside area for a barbeque.
“Thank fuck-” was all Tony said before Steve was marching up to him, hoisting him onto his shoulders.
“Tasha!” The archer squawked, looking offended as he scurried down to catch up with her, ignoring the snickers coming from Bucky and Sam from beside her.
After those encounters, Steve wasn’t ashamed to admit he either retreated into a cold shower, pound the hell out of the lunching bags, or perhaps as on one occasion, take his problem into his own hands… not just figuratively.
Sam sat up again, eyes lit up, catching their attention. “C'mon, we have a jet - a fucking jet - we can literally go anywhere, right now-”
Tony swallowed hard, then set his face determinedly, raising his own gun directed at the agent. Tony didn’t want to risk yelling at Steve to warn him, since the agents reaction would be too unpredictable. Too many variables he is not willing to test.
“Kotonyok, he won’t care - whoever he is, and if you tell anyone I said this I’ll just deny it, but you are a very beautiful guy,”
Natasha was looking up now, smiling. Then, gingerly, she sang along with Tony, who held her hand as she looked gratefully on at Rhodey. The man didn’t look up from his playing, but his lips quirked upwards; he knew. They sung together:
“I will hurl this at your head, Tony,” Natasha said mildly, twirling a fork between her fingers. Her eyes were sparkling though, clearly seeing the humour in the situation.
The next morning, a couple of them were nursing considerable hangovers, and stumbled their way into the lounge, basking on the cool surface of the tiled floor. Bruce was cooking up a monstrous amount of bacon, eggs, and sausage, while Steve pottered around the kitchen scouring together mugs of tea, coffee, and juice for Rhodey - because he was healthy like that.
Natasha watched with a growing sense of fondness at the scene before her, then becoming acutely aware of someone watching her - not that she let it show. Her and James hadn’t ever really spoken since Bucky was just Bucky and not the Winter Soldier. There was a time when she’d have given anything to see him again, to speak to him alone because he was hers. Now, she wasn’t even sure he truly remembered her. He looked as if he recognised her, the same way you recognise a stranger you passed on the street in a dream. He looks at her as if trying to figure something out, which he undoubtably is, but Natasha doesn’t give anything away.
without-” Tony stopped his tangent when Steve procured his Starkphone from his back pocket, holding it out a few inches in front of Tony’s face. “Oh, light of my life, what would I do without you?”
Tony grinned devilishly, though they both knew it was genuine. Tony had loved hard and fast for as long as Rhodey had known him, almost always getting himself hurt. Rhodey always found himself picking up the pieces.
He thought back to when his friendship with Nat really took off, while Buck was still the Winter Soldier and Sam just a friendly acquaintance. Since then, he’d gotten his best friend back, made a new best friend with Sam, and felt as though he was one of the few people that Nat not only trusted but was openly herself to. This… this was just Tony and Nat’s own friendship solidifying. God, she was allowed to be close to other people, especially Tony.
Tony was actually starting to look forward to training with the others again. Perhaps he might surprise them this time.
Steve watched Tony carefully, trying not to seem too awed by the other man speaking beautifully in flawless Italian. Steve had known Maria was Italian, but he hadn’t been aware that much had passed on to Tony. He supposed he should have seen it; his dark, full hair, his tanned complexion, the way spoke with his hands so passionately, the way his body moved so fluidly, seductively, making Steve’s mouth dry and his palms sweaty…
“Okay, good - well, you can carry on, if you like,” Tony shrugged, eyes dancing with mirth as he did so.
Tony sat forward, pushing up from his knees, and cupped the sides of Steve’s face. He hesitated for just a second, giving Steve a chance to pull away, but Steve looked down at Tony’s lips - and suddenly he was being kissed.
generous amount for the whole ordeal. The man - Jim, apparently - looked reluctant to leave them, but did so all the same, wishing them good luck. He even clumsily thanked them for the service, looking slightly mortified by the outburst, but Natasha just smiled back sluggishly, letting Tony lead her to one of the cabins.
He moves towards her like gravity and she meets him halfway; standing and wrapping her arms around him dearly.
“You look edible," Tony whispers to Steve's chest as he tugs the lapels. Steve was wearing a two-piece Tom Ford suit and it snugged in all the right places. "Where’s Peter?” Tony asks, looking over Steve’s shoulder.
. No, I’m not attending that one,” Steve replies casually before his head disappears back into the bathroom. Tony could hear their child's muffled gargling and spitting in the sink.
The tired genius tosses the old flip phone lightly onto the metal desk as he stretches his veined arms to lean against its smooth edges, hanging his head down low. This was the most he had allowed himself to think of the Civil War after Steve's phone call. The panic attack that came right after that had crippled him to the point of blacking out mid-flight in his armour and it made Tony so afraid of his own mind. He kept himself occupied with the new Mark L armour ever since., working continuously nearly to the point of exhaustion for 65 hours straight, only taking short naps in between just to keep himself from obsessing over Steve.
"I wanna come Steve, please please let me come," Tony starts to beg, the first time he's letting go of control since he brought them down this path and crossing the rubicon forever. "Touch me baby, please."
Steve gazes out into the night and shakes his head. "I don't know Nat. Really, I wish I knew what I'm doing. What this is."
“Honey,” Tony starts, looking up and pushing his glasses against the bridge of his nose. “Peter and I will have the current Captain America looking over us with Iron Man on standby, while the former Captain America goes away for one night to hang out with the Black Widow and War Machine. Nat could use a friend right now too, you know.”
Sam picks the card up to read a neat handwriting behind it and slowly mutters a curse under his breathe, shaking his head as he breaks into a choked laugh.
felt like a punch to the gut. I threw up outside the bar after that conversation, the first time I ever felt sick since the super soldier serum was put in me. The thought of people losing their lives because I wanted a vacation was nauseating enough, but in the moment, it was Tony, a civilian who had just saved the damn planet from an alien invasion, someone I've come to know and respected, had gotten killed. My head was just crowded with the thought that he wouldn't have died if I had been there for him."
Tony hangs his head low, the muscles around his shoulder blades bunching up and straining as his back arches into the immense pressure focused on his ass. Lately, going for Round 3 in the same night was an occasion that came very far in between. His body appears to be up with the programme tonight though, as he could feel heat coiling in his stomach again, an orgasm building up steadily.
Steve smiles sadly to his husband. "We'll deal with it together," he whispers, as he cups Tony's chin in his hand affectionately. "This portal plan of yours? I hope you're part of that arrangement, assuming the worst happens. You don't mean any lesser to me than our son does, Tony. I will need the two of you safe."
"Mr. Stark, you are the realest person I know, and I'm not saying this because I grew up looking up to you. I mean, we all have bad days. Yours is just dialled to 11 because you're technically a super hero. You're bound to have .. super
“Aww babe, let’s not talk leagues here. You’re way out of mine if we start comparing karma points. And besides, Stephen doesn’t look at me that way. Or men in general, for that matter,” Tony says, finally happy with the tie as he takes a step back to admire his work. A perfect Windsor.
They never spoke about that day, not that Peter expected the billionaire ever needing to explain himself.
you've managed to cloak the suit for your trips to the farm and you can take the private jet..." She pauses, realising Tony had gone quiet.
Now that Steve was fully aware of where this was going, he starts to take deep breaths through his nostrils. Before he could properly settle into panic mode, the situation turns pornographic when Tony starts to unbuckle his belt while his eyes remain transfixed on Steve. The blonde quickly puts his hands over Tony's to stop him.  "Tony! What are you doing?"
"I'm a very understanding person," Steve said, looping a cheeky grin on his face. "You finally decided to leave your cave, Stark?" Steve tried hard to channel his Captain America voice but failed after each word as Tony started to approach him.
The larger man coils one strong arm over Tony's shoulder across his chest, tangling his fingers between the dog tags that Tony wears, once belonging to him, and he rubs the cold steel against the bud of Tony's nipples. As they kiss slowly, wetly, he fingers Tony a few more times to make sure he was ready before he moves to line his hardened cock with more lubricant. When Steve draws back, he smiles to see Tony chasing his lips, wanting more.
Sam picks up the box and opens it as he speaks. He regrets it immediately, noticing that the sex toy was definitely made for Steve's eyes only. It was made of glass, in Tony's trademark colours of shiny red and gold with the finger loop that engraved the words
Tony watches over his shoulder in horror as he sees Steve's death stare under his long blond lashes. Even though the icy blue eyes weren't directed at him, Tony gulps as he pulls the blanket closer to his chest, calculating in his head how fast Steve could leap over and him and strangle the Sorcerer Supreme for interrupting their lovemaking.
"Go on Captain Rogers. Duty calls. Literally." Tony smiles, and rolls over to give Steve a chance to get up.
Sam was also feeling light that night, despite having just been through heavy gunfire, the purpling bruises and cuts still fresh on his arms.
The nurses and doctors were visibly nervous - they were dealing with one of the most powerful persons in the world in his most delicate, vulnerable mental state and for a moment they merely stood by and watched as Tony sobbed in the corner of his private ward in a blood-stained hospital garb. Eventually all it took for Tony to calm down was Pepper Potts kneeling in front of him and carefully handing him what he was desperately looking for.
Nat for one never before addressed directly what had happened in Siberia - she was stoic in nature, it always seemed like she knew everything without having to ask. Hence for Nat to pose the million dollar question, Steve weighed that perhaps he finally drove her mad with his pining.
Steve rimmed him like it was his birthday, licking and sucking where his hole stretched around Steve's double digits, working Tony up closer to orgasm. “Right here, sweetheart? You want me to take you bent over the kitchen counter?” Steve teases as he scissors Tony’s entrance and dives three fingers in. “I'll fuck you good, Tony.”
"You know what, I actually do have somewhere to be," Bucky says, finger-gunning the door. "Those potatoes aren't going to buy themselves. But don't wait up, Stevie."
"These are for you," Tony replies instead, finally handing him the flowers. Steve takes them, and they smell fresh and lovely even in the cold Norwegian winter. "Hope you like them."
Tony chuckles at Steve’s swap of words to vent his frustration in a child-friendly manner. He ruffles the blond's hair fondly before walking into the battle zone, tip-toeing through the minefield of Lego blocks. “Hey Petey,” Tony greets as he hovers over his son with his hands on his waist, admiring the chaos.
Not wanting to go into battle without at least making nice, Tony made plans to ask Steve to have dinner with him after the final mission briefing, with the purest of intentions. Never mind that Steve never seemed to stay angry at Tony for longer than an hour.
from your bed room. In fact, I daresay all the way from the astral plane. It's not like there's anything subtle about you."
The conversation was chipper and light until a Dora Milaje warrior approaches Shuri to inform her that the White Wolf was ready and waiting for her at her lab.
The staircase soon creaked to the footsteps of the retired billionaire scientist as he descended from the bedroom, carrying baby Peter. Tony held his son close as the infant curled in his embrace, still half asleep. Peter was clearly not interested to start the day, nestling into his father’s chest for warmth. Tony however had other reasons to wake up earlier than usual that day.
"Not right now at least, not anytime soon. I don't want you to get into more trouble. I know we -  if it's not too much... can we meet somewhere else?"
"Of course we do," he whispers, cupping Steve's jaw softly. "I said a lot of stupid things. That was one of the stupidest ones."
Gooseflesh creeps behind Steve's neck, up his hairline as he extends his arms to make space for Tony. He carefully lowers his hand to rest them behind Tony's back.
"There's a towel over there," a voice breaks into the stillness. Tony goes to the source of it and sees Bucky leaning against the island, reading the ingredient list from a box of cereal that covered his face. "I nearly broke my face tripping over your pants so I've thrown everything into the wash."
about it,” Sam suggests for the millionth time also, as he randomly hits the surface of the fancy glassy remote, channel surfing to try tune out the agitated super soldier nervously drumming his fingers on the kitchen counter of his personal quarters.
Happy to elicit bad language from the otherwise goody-two-shoes, Tony finally plants a gentle kiss at the swollen, assaulted bud before crawling up Steve's perfect torso and continues to make out with the super soldier, grinding and stroking him.
“You don’t want to kiss me?” Tony says in a tiny voice. That shouldn’t come off as adorable, but it does, and Steve was desperately trying to hold himself together from melting.
Steve sighs fondly as he walks back to the bed and cups his hands over his husband's, kissing Tony sweetly on the forehead. "Come on, Tony, lets go. Let's go get our boy and bring our daughter home."
. "I slammed the shield, the shield his father made, into his reactor.” Steve shakes his head, regret swarming him cold. They’ve had this conversation before and no matter how many times Sam tells him
His bedroom slippers were at the foot of the bed; she must have worn them at some point, meaning she has been waiting for a while now. Pepper drops one leg over the edge of the bed but stays put, her red, watery eyes studying him sadly.
"So after New York we sort of lost touch- I took a road trip on my own, to rediscover the world, think about what I wanted to do. I didn't think of him much until the Mandarin happened. I was in Kentucky when I heard the news, just having a beer at a local bar when the television flashed and reported that terrorist had shot missiles at his Malibu home and Tony was suspected to have been killed in the attack. The first thing I did was switch on the communicator that Fury had given me and demanded to know why wasn't I called in. What Nick said to me would probably haunt me for the rest of my life."
Now, it was pushing into the late afternoon. Still ridiculously warm, but the sun was gradually setting, sending a warm wash over everything. Golden hour, or as Sam put it, prime-time to take photos if you wanted to like twice as hot than normal.
This left Bucky, Nat, Tony, and Steve to lie on the rug in the middle. For a while they lead awkwardly, trying their upmost to avoid nudging each other, until Nat sighed and let her head roll onto Tony’s shoulder. She felt him tense momentarily underneath her, until relaxing and turning to face her slightly, enjoying the warmth radiating off her small frame. Eventually Steve and Bucky let go of their reluctance and settled into the others, shifting comfortably until the adrenaline of the day wore off, and they succumbed to sleep.
“I’m afraid we don’t have the jurisdiction to disclose that information, sir.” Tony supplied - he made a living for the first half of his life bullshitting to a board of directors and wealthy benefactors - he could pull a lie from his ass when he needed.
“Would like to say it’s fine, but, shit if it doesn’t make wanna make me throw up!” Sam laughed shakily, earning a smile from the older man in return. Sam and Rhodey had gotten on like house on fire before the accords, both being military men through and through. Sure, Rogers was too, but after many a late night at college with a seventeen year-old Tony Stark drunkenly ranting about never being good enough for 'Dear-Old Dad’, and then catching wind of what was said on the helical river of their first meeting, Rhodey was less inclined to like the Captain. Yes, it was mildly petty of him but damn that man for making his best friend feel so small. He’d worked very hard to get that out of him over the years, thank you very much,
He grinned despite himself at the silliness of it, singing a song in his head to will Captain America into breathing again, but it worked damnit, sue him.
“Just eat it, Wilson, we can’t exactly order take-out right now - it’s what we’ve got.” Steve said, rolling his eyes playfully.
Rhodey and Sam were fairly content this - Rhodey wasn’t ready to engage physically with the enemy without his armour at the moment, and Sam trusted Steve on this one. Besides, they had to watch Clint.
“That still bothering you?” Buck asked, nodding in the direction of Tony and Nat, both doubled over in laughter at
A little further up was a photo Thor had actually taken - charmed by photography and surprisingly good at his new-found hobby; Bruce had been given an award for one of his studies, and though he was slightly resistant to accepting the praise, the others had insisted on attending the award ceremony. It had been quieter, and far less flashy than many of the galas or press conferences they sometimes had to attend. For once, they hadn’t been there as the Avengers, but as friends there supporting the achievement of their group. Bruce hadn’t stopped smiling the whole evening, supported by the photo in question that had Thor in the foreground, holding up the camera and directing it at all of them, crowded around Bruce with varying faces of glee.
Tony blinked at her, mouth twitching the slightest amount as if testing out how to produce the words he was about to say. He looked at her, saw the intent in her eyes, but behind that noticed how she had all but stopped breathing, and her fists were clenched so tightly he was sure her fingernails must be pinching her skin: she was just as nervous as he was, which was more than interesting, and perhaps the only reason why he did the unthinkable and answered honestly.
be really interesting, right?), was how close Tony and Nat were. Natasha was lying back between Tony’s legs, one of his arms thrown over her stomach, his other hand twirling her hair. They were talking, and had it not been for the sounds of screaming from the TV and his teammates' idle chatter and intermittent laughter, he’d
) and Tony heard the muffled sound of a gunshot spit through the silence on the night air. Looking back at Rhodey for a moment, Tony thought
“But, there are four couches, and most if the guys have taken them, then your buddies - Wilson and Barnes, they’re in the spare room round the front of the house, then theres the girls, in the other one-”
“Well, seems there are some things you’re not too old for,” Rhodey mused, a pointed look on his face. Tony’s expression was hopelessly blank. Rhodey let out a long suffering sigh.
Steve loved liked Tony, but the man’s poker face was awful sometimes. His media front was flawless, but when relaxed around his friends, his walls were down.
“…I’m gonna take a wild stab in the dark here and guess you aren’t talking about his hair,” he deadpanned.
“I saw you last night - acting like a lovesick teenager the way you were drooling over him,” he nodded towards Steve, keeping his voice low, as the blonde set down a tray of drinks in the middle of the room. Natasha’s hand emerged from the pile of blankets she was absorbed in, fishing out a cup of herbal tea - by some freak of nature knowing exactly which was her mug - without so much as peering through the mound she’d occupied herself in.
Clint threw his head back laughing, the others running up behind him looking equally as relieved. Steve was already looking over each of them manically, taking in all their visible injuries. He seemed to stop at the gash to Tony’s temple, which had bled profusely at the time. It looked a lot worse than it was, and had stopped bleeding while Jim had driven them to the resort. Still, his hair was matted to his face with blood that trailed down the entire left side of his face.
?’ Seriously?” Tony just nodded in response, glancing back with a tight-lipped smile when Rhodey appeared over their shoulders.
“Where are Nat and Tony, they’re usually up by now?” He was met with a bunch of shrugs before Jarvis spoke.
The morphine had begun to wear off the moment Tony ripped out his IV, which he kind of deserved for doing so, and he clenched his teeth impossibly tight trying to suppress a groan from the wound, with was now leaning less toward ’
“Some essentials,” she replied, “emergency food, spare clothes - ones in one piece, that is, flashlights, first-aid, few rounds of ammo. It’s all that I could really recover.” Bucky nodded in understanding, the jet had been a wreck when it landed; they all salvaged as much as they could, but they weren’t exactly in an abundance of supplies.
Though, Clint did feel moderately guilty for ever having doubted his friend, because yes, despite it all they were still friends. Hell, even he and Nat had disagreed, so maybe he’d been hasty to judge Tony’s motives.
Steve’s voice had risen beyond a stern to full out yelling, earning a few concerned stares through the door from passers-by. The door mysteriously closed, and Steve sighed. One of the team must of closed it, meaning all of them were listening in.
Tony looked up at her, trying and failing to keep a straight face. Nat noticed that about him. When he did his fake smiles, the ones reserved for the press or people he didn’t trust, it was perfectly straight; but his genuine smiles started with an upward tick at the corner of his mouth, curling into a sideways smirk before becoming a full-blown grin, as if trying to hold it back. It was cute, she supposed, but only to the extent that it was simply a gesture that reminded her of her friend. Because oddly enough, that’s what they were now. Good friends, at that.
“I’ll raise you fifty bucks, Bucky,” Clint grinned, tossing the chips in. They turned to Tony, who gave nothing away on his expression. Steve was practically hanging off the edge of his chair - if Tony fell in Bucky’s trap of playing the hand off nonchalantly, Clint would be out, and Tony would be next to go. Tiny had played well, but he was average - managed to hold his own, sure, but certainly didn’t stand out, Bucky noted.
Tony thrashed against the other man, biting down on the hand forcing his head deeper under the surface. He tasted copper in the water around him, kicking furiously to break the surface.
“Steve, you got my husband home in one piece, that’s better than what most people can manage - it’s my pleasure.”
Rhodey seemed to be urging Tony, who was violently shaking his head in a negative motion. Between his hands, Steve noted Rhodes had picked up the guitar that had been mounted on the wall of the bunker above the stove, tightening the strings.
Steve watched over Nat with concern written all over his face, before noting a silent exchange between Rhodey and Tony at the corner of his eye.
“Right,” Clint announced, clapping his hands together and rubbing them profusely as he strode in, Tony and Rhodey in tow, “What’d we get from Norway, then - other than a cold?”
, and things went to shit. He heard a spectacular whine from behind him, turning just in time to see an immense electrical pulse slam into Steve’s skull. The stubborn jackass only stood back up shakily, fists raised - as if he were a skinny kid from Brooklyn all over again, standing up to the latest bully in the back-alley of a movie theatre. The Doombot swung a heavy metal fist in an uppercut, which Steve only just managed to block. The impact left him dazed though, and he was oblivious to another bot approaching behind, bringing down it’s fist with a sickening crack over Steve’s head.
Clint was squinting at the blonde, slowly sliding his duffle bag off his shoulder and letting it drop to the floor. He followed Steve as the man ducked his head and sat on a nearby bench, pretending to be very focused on re-wrapping his hands. Steve tensed when Clint sat down next to him, obviously waiting for a proper answer.
Soundlessly, the three of them got up and crept across the floor of the cabin, Bucky nudging Steve awake as he did so, bringing a finger to his lips when Steve eyed him curiously and was about to speak up. Steve clearly sensed something was wrong too, and joined Natasha in looking carefully out the window through the drapes, riddled with holes and frayed at the tips.
“No, no, sorry, I’m just playing around,” the brunette smiled, looking up at Steve now. His hair was dishevelled from where he’d obviously been running his hands through it, dressed down in one of his oversized sweatshirt and sweatpants.
“Okay,” Steve rubbed a hand across the nape of his neck, “I wanted to talk to you about something if that’s okay?”
Nabokov had been an agent inside of SHIELD, had access to security footage from every facility, including any places the team chose to grieve. SHIELD had let him watch, lured him out of the shadows just to gloat.
They collapsed on top of the bed, springs creaking beneath them as they shuffled to get comfortable. Or, as comfortable as they could while still shackled together. Facing one another because of the angle of the cuffs, Nat comfortably observed how calm both herself and Tony were, even when forced into quite an intimate space. With any of the other guys on the team - with the obvious exception of Clint, but then Clint was
Nat was next, running at Steve in a practised move, jumping off his shield as he propelled her upwards - without exerting too much force (he wanted her to reach the ceiling, not go
“Are you- I don’t know- okay? Angry? Sad- are you sad, I don’t know how to deal with Sad Steve. And watch your language”
A group of performers – of perhaps six or so clowns – were taking pictures with families, promoting some new product Steve guessed. There wasn’t even anything particularly creepy about any of them, all jolly smiles and silly tricks.
It was a familiar tune, Steve noted, simple and repetitive, yet all the while timeless. Though the guitar wasn’t exactly in the best of shapes, Rhodes played beautifully, his worn fingertips strumming softly against the strings, evoking a tender rendition of the song.
“For this, forget about me using morphine this time round” she drawled without much heat, when Natasha came bursting into the room, followed by the rest of the team.
“On his mark!” Steve repeated behind him, while Nat pulled Sam to her side, bracketing her body against his to insulate the fall in the hope of avoiding injuring his arm any more that it already was.
Aesthetically, Tony was absolutely beautiful. But in the past couple of became harder and harder not to notice the little quirks of the man’s personality. He cared for those around him fiercely, it drove his ambition - developing ways to help them, to keep them safe. Contrary to his initial beliefs, the man was anything but selfish - he was selfless, and under the bravado, he cared frighteningly little about his own wellbeing.
Tony woke to the steady sound of beeping and a smell of disinfectant. God, he thought, what did we do this time? Without opening his eyes, he rolled to one side, noting a pulling sensation on his arm.
“One. S'always one, you jerk. I’m con-concussed, stop flipin’ the bird a'me” the blonde slurred, earning an amused huff from Bucky.
Tony felt Rhodey’s arm wrap around his side and pull his securely against his side. He wasn’t taking any chances of loosing Tony out in the middle of nowhere. Again.
To their credit, the pair managed to keep their voices so level that anyone else who didn’t know them so well wouldn’t have even guessed how anxious they were.
Clint couldn’t sleep, being away from home got to him a lot lately. God, he missed them all. He’d wondered in the dark room, hands shoved awkwardly in his pockets, reminiscing of more comfortable times.
“C'mon, join us, Shellhead,” she said without preamble, extending an efficiently manicured hand towards him.
“Tony, what are you doing?” Steve asked slowly, eyes flicking around the street for any signs of danger.
“No, no you need to get us somewhere we can stay for the night, with a phone,” she mumbled, trying as best as she could to enunciate properly. “Drop us off somewhere, then go home - and make sure no one follows you. There are…” her head dropped for a second, and Tony was at her side instantly, gently leaning her back “We don’t want you in any sort of harm's way”.
“Oh - piss off!” He lobbed a pillow at the group, who all scattered with varying noises of horror and disgust at the projectile.
After a few moments, the pair had shuffled closer to Nat, who made no indication she even knew they were there.
“Can you help me?” He tried, earning a cautious look from the woman, “I want to remember, I want to know why I feel… this, when I see you.” He finished quietly, having revealed a close intimacy about himself.
“I’m capable of managing myself, thanks.” Tony breathed out as he brushed past Steve towards the cockpit where Nat was driving the jet forward. Steve watched as the smaller man sauntered off and hefted himself into the co-pilot seat, tapping in co-ordinated for the nearest landing zone occupied by friendlies. Steve huffed out a barely suppressed sigh and pinched the bridge of his nose firmly, pursing his lips tightly together.
The agent rolled Tony over onto his back and swung a meaty just at Tony’s nose, grinning when it crunched under the impact. Tony kneed the guy in the groin, turning them both over again and began beating the agent again and again and again until he saw blood. Steve stood frozen for a few precious moments before running forward - and gracelessly slipping on ice.
Steve could see Bruce watching them, but since Tony and Steve had always had a thing the rest of the team called "bromance", Steve was not too concerned. He ended up supplying the two scientists with hot beverages and plates of sandwiches as they worked, just to be near Tony even for the briefest of moments.
“Oh God,” Steve groans, covering his face in embarrassment. His breath hitches when he sees through the gaps of his fingers Tony suddenly kneeling over him. The smaller man casually pushes his legs together to straddle his thighs.
Steve burst into a hearty laugh and lightly smacks Sam's arm. "Look, I did apologize to you about that one.”
Even as the planet slowly healed, the world was blown away when the two most iconic Avengers revealed that they had been in and out of a relationship for almost 10 years before they married.  When the world found out there was also an heir to the Stark-Rogers family, things went a notch crazier. As private as they tried to keep their lives, the first year was hell; they were hounded by the press around the clock to the point Steve nearly broke the face of a paparazzi when he got too close to Peter during one of their visits to the zoo. Over the years the attention mellowed down with less sightings of Steve and Peter while Tony remained in the news as he still owns Stark Industries and had to fly in every now and then for board meetings.
Steve scrunches his nose at Tony and just shakes his head comically to keep the moment playful. And to keep his hands from grabbing the man by his supple cheeks and kissing him senselessly, Steve hugs his knees to his chest, twiddling his beer bottle in his hand. He may be a man out of time, but consent was an ageless concept. Whilst Steve was certain that Tony was not totally drunk, Steve tells himself that he will
“Unless you want to?" Tony asks gently, almost needing to duck his head to meet Steve's eyes. He tips the chin of the suddenly shy blonde to meet his gaze. "Not that you
Steve apologised for losing his cool earlier that evening, for violently displaying his super strength at the wake of it.
Tony feels stupid. He feels weak. He feels betrayed by himself for easily caving in on Steve's request without a moments' hesitation. It was a case of his head and his heart being on opposite sides of the same pole. How could he still obsessively crave for a man who bludgeoned him into the ground after being caught lying to him about the murder of his parents, for the sake of the protecting the murderer? And this man was possibly Steve's new flame?
"I was trying to tell you that I care about you, kid. You're not ... unimportant. I care. About you. Like, I don't want you to think I'm only having you around because you're a marketing tool for the New Avengers or an experiment to me, but when I've got better things to do, you drop to the bottom of the list. It's not like that at all."
"Look at those tits of yours," Tony whispers, pressing his fingers around the left light pink nub, squeezing it tightly. Steve gasps and arches into the sensation. His hand flies to grab Tony by his forearm, not to stop but to further encourage. "Fuck, Steve, you're gorgeous. Look at you." He twiddles the nipple, swirling his thumb over it, flicking it before grabbing a handful of flesh in his hand.
"Thank you JARVIS," Steve says, looking to the ceiling out of habit. "I'll uh," Steve begins again, trying to compose himself. He looks at Tony and loses his train of thought. He apologises silently through his blue eyes.
By now Tony has a pretty good idea about the kid’s sixth sense, or spider-senses he’d call it. Peter could smell danger, fear,
"But right now, right now like you said - I'm checking out for a while. I need to screw my head straight because - see he's Steve to me. Not just Cap, Captain America or some fugitive the world is ready to condemn. He's Steve Rogers to me. I don't expect you to understand everything, and I also don't want you to think this is easy for me. But I need to go him. I just don't know if I can. I freak out just thinking about everything that's happened."
During bad days, Steve would convince himself that Tony was just not that into him, sometimes believing his fallacies. Tony's constant show of favouritism towards him however, says otherwise and this often leaves the bumbling soldier behooved.
“He won’t eat?” Tony asks, peering over Steve to see their son’s back hunched over on the carpet in the living area, with a sea of color-grouped Lego blocks surrounding him. At the edge of the living room were finished products – Lady Liberty, the Lincoln Memorial, the old Avengers Tower.
He had literally taken a page out of Clint’s book; built a farmhouse and moved there permanently once he finally decided and officially retired from the superhero business. The farm was everything he’d pictured it to be. In the middle of nowhere, far from New York which for unknown reasons seemed to attract more super villains and extra terrestrial beings than any other city on earth.
With all the curtains drawn shut and the embers from last night’s fireplace still burning its last breath, the quaint window panes of the modest home grew foggy. The smell of oak wood filled the living room where the expensive yet vintage furniture sat, with the evidence of last night’s play time scattered across the soft carpet.
“Sure,” Steve smiles as he gets up. “You’re so much better at this Tony. I think I coddle him too much.”
Steve was very much naked underneath Tony now, who still has his unbuttoned shirt on. His hands were on either side of Steve's head and he finally drops down to kiss the man. This brings their cocks together perfectly, the friction sending shocks of electricity through their veins. Steve's head was spinning, his heart thumping, his blood boiling all at once. He traces his hands on the lean muscles of Tony's back as he hooks his legs behind the man's waist, anything to seal the gap between them. Tony continues to thrust his hips into Steve, groaning into Steve's mouth in pleasure and chanting his name.
kept secret; everyone seemed to notice that Steve was making heart eyes at Tony whenever he was around. The way he orbits around the billionaire during social functions to the point where tabloids were beginning to notice, the way he could recite the exact temperature Tony likes his coffee to be made, the way the Captain personally hand-delivers sustenance to the genius whenever he went on a manical inventing spree.
was engraved. His head was finally clear. There was a moment of silence between the two before Peter speaks.
Tony rubbed his face roughly and bit a balled fist, trying to remind himself what Clint had just told him; that the two of them need to talk. That right now, Steve was trying. He's made the first move, which Tony never expected at all. Deep down, Tony has accepted that at some point, a conversation must take place sooner or later. Whether it does them fuck all, was secondary.
He glares at Strange but out of courtesy to his host, Steve stretches his cheeks into something that resembled a smirk of a dying cat. When he turns to Tony, he smiles with his eyes. He kisses Tony sweetly. “Ready to go?” he asks his partner, and shoots another look to the Dr.
Steve was jealous of the bond Tony and Natasha had. That was it. It was understandable as well, they were clearly open with one another, and comfortable in a way Steve himself hadn’t seen them be with other members of the team. They weren’t better friends with each other than anyone else, they just had something… different.
They got to the store nearly twenty minutes after they’d originally set off, which didn’t seem that odd, unless you considered the fact the store they most frequently used was a five-minute walk away from the tower.
They’d barely scraped out of this one. Tensions were high, and the fight had left most of them feeling haunted by their own memories; none of them mentioned how similar it was to when Wanda put them under her spell. Besides, judging by the way she tucked herself into the corner, she was being eaten up by enough guilt already.
, and maybe it wouldn’t if I was as strong or skilled as they all are without the suit, but obviously there's a significant difference in abilities between me and the rest of them, so… so I’d rather laugh it off and pretend I don’t give a shit when I fuck up than to actually
“It was necessary, only myself, agent Romanoff and Barnes could know Captain Rogers’ status. We were tracing a
She merely cocked an eyebrow at him. It was like she knew what he was thinking - was in his head, running circles around him. That woman was an anomaly to him, totally unpredictable, unreadable - perhaps the only person he’d ever met that made him feel exposed. Even when he wore a mask - literally and figuratively.
Steve was quiet now, the previous bubbling excitement and nerves tangled together dissipating, replaced with a cold wash of dread.
“Didn’t say you were, Stark.” He said, mostly to himself. Since the ordeal with the accords, the team had shoddily come back together for ‘the greater-good’, as out by Agent Hill. Hydra may have crawled back into the shadows they had come from, but they were certainly no-less of a threat than they had been before. If anything, their recent losses to Cap and his team made them itching to strike back, harder and more efficiently. Steve was so tired of fighting them, a bone-deep kind of tired that permanently was etched into his features.
“He won’t go into critical condition under too much strain, unlike you, and he can still move his limbs,” Steve shrugged a backpack on over his thick jacket and uniform, securing his shield to his forearm, “and he’s kinda important for the whole getting help thing.”
Those had been the others’ terms to actually get them to play - Sam had let slip how good Steve was at the game, so the steaks had to be raised.
“Man, I won’t lie to you, this will hurt just a little bit,” Rhodey said matter of factly, ignoring the way Tony’s expression morphed from one of confusion to sudden panic.
Tony stared dumb-stuck at the long blade Thor was presenting to him, when a voice sounded from his doorway.
Thing only changed one night when Clint, in all his anger at Tony, interrupted a personal moment. Tony had been sat in the dark of the Avengers a Tower communal room. They all lived there again, a grudging decision they made - as if forcing two broken halves of a vase would fuse back together upon contact. It would take more than proximity to fix the mend.
“How long have you…?” The man waved his hand around ambiguously, trying to find the right choice of words. Tony sighed, knowing of all people, he couldn’t hide anything from Rhodey.
“Jeez, you stubborn- HEY!” Bucky recoiled at the cushion that had been lobbed his way, scowling at Sam.
“I know you mean that as an insult, but I’m running with that. In fact, Jarvis? Did you catch that? I want to set it as my voicemail.”
So as unpredictable as the guy was, they had come to be able to predict that he would do unexpected things.
With that, Clint surged down the rest of the slope - Rhodey having already dropped Tony after the archer came sprinting at them - as the brunette scrambled back up in the sand, running from the archer cackling madly.
Steve was doubling over now, full belly-laughs rippling through him, as he wheezed around laughter. He swore he even felt tears prick the corners of his eyes, and was earning a fair share of bemused looks from onlookers making their way down the street.
Their first session consisted of quite a gentle warm-up, some simple ballet moves and stretches that looked a lot more difficult than they were. But, then again, maybe she really was just that good a teacher. Midway through, when they stopped to have a drink and a breather, she looked at him curiously.
Tony felt a huff of air from Steve brush over him, disturbing a lock of dark hair which fell over his eyes. Steve’s hand came up to the side of his face, brushing the hair away, but stayed hovering over his cheek.
Natasha persisted - she was nothing if not to the point when she wanted to be. Frankly, she wanted her friend to know he could be honest with her; and if part of her - the little part that longed for affinity - was secretly hoping he might say yes… well, no one else needed to know about that.
“I do think you’re capable, Tony,” Steve said softly so only they could hear (well, Bucky could too, but he was strategically very hard on anything but the exchange going on beside him) “It’s just, you take it the wrong way,” Bucky whistled lowly, hissing a breath of air in an obvious cringe, and Steve backtracked quickly.
“If I hadn’t have stepped in, Thor would never have reached Doom in time and he wouldn’t be sealed in interrelation, ready to be held trial for what he’s done. Civilians died, Steve, you could’ve-”
Making their way through the entrance, they immediately were taken back by the scene in front of them.
Tony let himself be guided downwards, his back pressing against the rug as Steve settled over him, chin tilted upwards as he eagerly kissed back, hands roaming across Steve’s back.
“So what - you decided to come down here, a lone gun-slinger, to save the day or- am I close?” Tony questioned the agent, hands raised tiredly at the barrel of the gun currently pressing against his temple.
Tony shook off the remains of his armour and the dust settled around them, ignoring the steady drip of blood down his own body, and leant over Steve’s unconscious form. Propping the man’s legs upwards, Tony then cradled Steve’s blanched face in the palms of his hands.
Tony said as much to Steve. “You’re right, he shouldn’t have gotten away, but your attack on him was thoughtless, Stark, I thought you were over this who goddamn lone-ranger recklessness on the field! You’re on a team! You only had to hold him off 'til backup arrived, what the hell were you thinking?!”
“Well, I hope you’ll be considerate enough to have an open-casket then, since that’ll be my only chance at drawing you properly.”
Tony ducked Clint’s next strike, and in the same motion, swung a precise kick out and swept Clint’s feet out from underneath him, sending him to the floor with a short shout of alarm.
Tony shuffled downstairs, coming to lie on the sofa next to Rhodey, who grunted a greeting in response.
Tony’s voice was faintly feminine, yet rather striking. Without even needed to belt it out, the sound of his voice sent a wave of impact through the room. Steve stared, awed, completely unaware that Nat was starting to come out of her shell, eyes trained on Rhodey’s fingers running down the strings.
“I take it you’ve worked up quite an appetite?” Bruce asked with amusement light in his tone, as he played up two more omelettes.
His feelings for Tony had never really gone. He pushed them down when he did what he had to do; but now, bringing things back together, he couldn’t keep the lid on much longer. After Tony had saved his skin, fallen in the ice for him, Steve could feel his effort to talk to Tony weren’t hopeless. Just maybe, the other man had been deflecting as his own way of keeping a lid on his emotions.
“Yeah, well,” the brunette shrugged aloofly, but the way his feet were fidgeting ever so slightly gave him away; he was nervous.
Steve barely had a second to bark out a command to hold on before another blast rung through the jet, and the second engine failed on them. Steve felt his stomach suspended until it made a sickening drop and the jet plummeted downwards. Natasha unbuckled herself from the pilot seat, and in an instant as lunging behind the cockpit, hauling Tony with her and pushing Rhodes backwards with the force she exerted. Tony yelped before springing into action and holding onto his best friend, dragging them both to the back of the jet where Barnes was currently punching in an emergency code to open the bay doors.
Well… at least eat the fruit.” Steve conceded, taking the stick off Tony and attempting to pick around the melted (and charred, ew) chocolate and sticky sugar. Giving in, he just started pulling off the marshmallow and chocolate, discretely tossing it into the fire while Tony made sure Thor wasn’t looking, barely holding back a smile. Steve pulled a face looking down at his now-tacky fingers, looking around for a napkin or something so he could at least make an effort to clean it off before eating the strawberries.
Their week is spent drinking and fucking, and smoking the occassional joint when they're all loose limbed and blissed-out from fucking.
At the look of shock that crosses Steve's face, Thor bursts into thunderous laughter, clapping a heavy hand on his back. "I joke! He does go to Nat's though. I hear he likes a nice rich scotch with his steak."
Steve finishes with a little keening sound, bucking his hips up before pulling Tony off to paint his face in ribbons of white.
" And not a lot of heroes trust the council either, prior issues with authority, especially with Ross having been a prominent figure on the council."
"'That woman'," Tony says, making air quotes with his fingers, "used to be a friend. And she always looks out for herself, she's probably the only one of them who can be."
"So he's my son when he's up to no good, but your son when he does something cool?" Tony teases, walking over to wrap his arms around Steve. "He's got a crush."
Maybe it was the warm air surrounding them, or the alcohol swimming through his system, but Steve languidly curled an arm round Tony’s shoulders. The brunette didn’t seem to think much of it, as Steve suspected - it was a common way they all treated each other, it was friendly. Taking a hesitant breath in, Steve slid the arm down until it settled over Tony’s narrow waist, and he resolutely looked at the sea in front of him - his stomach churning like the waves below.
Hydra weren’t incompetent, they knew how to launch an attack. Agents had hounded on each division of the team like a pack of ravenous dogs. By now, they knew what to expect from the Avengers, and were merciless with their approach. Rhodey and Tony had been disabled by an intense EMP developed for their suits especially, delivering excruciating electrical shocks through them, weighed down by motionless tonnes of metal. Sam had a clean break to his arm, and Clint wheezed with each step he took. Possible broken ribs, Steve had thought - praying it wasn’t a punctured lung too. Himself and Bucky weren’t badly off, though both exhausted enough that the trek in the middle of knee-deep snow was taking its toll. Besides, neither of them had particularly fond memories of the ice.
It was because they knew how Tony felt that it was such a shock when he ploughed a fist into the Captain’s nose.
” He muttered the last part to himself, eyeing his own creation dubiously before settling down in his seat on the back of the couch, facing the small table.
Tony ignored the way Steve’s Brooklyn drawl made his heart flutter because dammit he hasn’t felt that way since Before™. Tony was at a loss for words for a moment before his mouth came up with
Natasha and Clint turned on their heel every so often on their sprint back to the jet, firing minimal but fatal shots to their attackers who were starting to get desperate. Usually, Hydra wanted to keep most of them alive; Avengers made for spectacular bargaining chips - or so they assumed, since it wasn’t like they’d ever managed to hold on to one very long (Bucky’s time as the Winter Solider doesn’t count).
“Hydra is pulling together its major Think Tanks from across the globe, pooling all their resources into digging up all the lost information of the serum used on Cap back in the good ol’ days of Polio. Doctor Abraham Erskine ensured he was the only man alive who knew the formula for a successful serum, but he wanted to ensure that he kept all of findings safe for when he needed to refer back to it.”
“I have nothing to prove, Mr Stark,” the agent snapped bitterly, voice dripping in what sounded like a Scandinavian accent, pressing the gun harder against Tony’s head.
Rhodey had insisted that they all head upstate to get out of the city for what was projected to be the hottest day of the year so far; he
It became a regular thing between them, going to this little upscale but cosy place to have brunch. They weren’t ever bothered by anyone, and always got the same table towards the back. The servers started to expect them, always smiling happily when they came in. It wasn’t one of those places that made a statement about privacy - NDA’s and phones taken at the door to stop unsavoury photos of celebrities getting snapped and spread all over social media. But the staff and customers alike respected a need for a private and safe-space; not for famous-faces, but for a community that was far too familiar with the fear of being ‘caught out’.
She clawed at his back, laughing manically, before using her weight to throw them both under the waves.
?” Bruce spluttered at Tony, who was leaning against the doorframe to the kitchen, much louder than he had intended. Steve shot a look at the man, who had the good grace to look apologetic. He quickly coughed awkwardly, before trying again.
Tony looked up at him from underneath his dark lashes, sending a wave of electricity down Steve’s spine.
“I don’t know how you lot are doing it - eating off that table - I ain’t touching anywhere until I know exactly whoever they’ve been,” he shook his head, digging into his breakfast. The others all stopped eating, looking horrified by the suggesting, and distancing themselves from the breakfast island in the kitchen.
“Please, this isn’t even about the money: it’s a direct challenge, and as a matter of pride I cannot let it pass.”
- got in,” he amended himself, recalling the fact his ribs were too broken to actually go out into the field the second time.
From where he stood, Steve couldn’t see what, but he could see blood, and the way Tony’s hands shook as we went for a bottle of ethanol he’d brought with him to the table. Steve often wondered why Nat seemed so easygoing with Stark, and eventually Steve caught on to the fact the two were remarkably similar in a number of ways. For one, they both chewed out the others for hiding any injuries, taking the responsibility of making them better into their own hands, but then slinking off to lick their own wounds in private.
“Why the hell are we looking at this?” Bucky snorted, furrowing his brow at the folder, which was password-protected.
Natasha pinched Tony by the ear as she strolled past the pair, holding on to the smaller man as she went, ending the discussion from heading any further.
So here he was, heading up the stairway, passing pieces of artwork Pepper had no doubt picked out, as well as the more recent additions of picture frames encasing moments captured between the team: All of them sat across the Hulk’s shoulder’s, blood and dirt across their faces, still in their respective armours and suits. But there they were, smiling brightly, running high on adrenaline as well as the indescribably relief that there were no fatalities that day.
Clint was frantically looking side to side, as if trying to figure out what happened. He looked up at Tony and Nat, who were jumping up and down like children, clutching onto each other while the rest of the team let out excited shrills of disbelief.
about the moves Tony was making. He and Clint were properly going at it, the archer actually grinning: he was actually enjoying the challenge Tony was posing today. The rest of the team were just as interested now as Steve was, so he didn’t even try and pretend
So, as per Natasha’s advice, he repressed the perfectionist within himself and did as she told him. Rhodey would be so proud of him - if he or anyone else even knew he was getting one-on-one combat training with
"Dad!" Peter interrupts, spurring Tony to intervene before anybody spontaneously combusted from embarrassment or self-confidence.
Riri does not end up having lunching with them, instead Peter hoardes her in his room, and locks Harley out in a move that definitely pushes Harley to break their code.
He had barely gotten through the first paragraph before he had tossed the letter; it was just some junk about coming home and things going back to the way they were, but Peter knew any possibility of things going back to normal was impossible. Too much had happened, too much had been said, and it struck him that his father could be so naive, or maybe he was just wilfully obtuse.
The bruises hadn't cleared up, and Tony hadn't realised how exhausted and defeated he'd actually been until Reed had tucked him into the back of the wagon between his wares and he'd just passed right out.
"Can you two cut that out? Not even Nat and Bucky are this gross," Clint huffs, shoving meat into his mouth straight off of the grill and recoiling in pain. "Too hot, too hot."
"I see you're up," came a deep voice, his accent more reminiscent of someone from the East. "How's your head feel?"
"Rih doesn't make music anymore," Riri jokes, stretching back in her seat. "We'll get Fenty air before we get any Fenty music."
"Okay, let's lay off the Old English there bud, but of course baby." Tony replies affectionately stroking the curls falling around Harley's face. "When Peter asks thou-"
Steve deepens the kiss, licking into Tony's mouth eagerly and leaning further in, wrapping his arm around Tony to hold him close.
There's very little activity in the common rooms, except for the greenies diligently cleaning up the mess around them and Clint chewing on frozen waffles in a lawn chair, getting more in the way than helping.
"Okay, so he hasn't done it yet, we've still got time to speak to Tony and clear things up. You, steal Steve's phone in the meantime, and I'll go over to Tony's."
"Please don't wish that type of thing on me," Tony grumbles, ignoring the laughs from the table. The Defenders had agreed to sign the Accords, joining the Avengers roster as part-time members, along with the Fantastic Four and sorcerers of Kamar Taj. They were incredibly short-staffed, with Tony and Rhodey both out, and Vision still adjusting to his new form, the roster was practically empty.
Steve's fighting off the August chill on the walk back to the house when he spots Tony's mop of curls poking out in the crowd. He figures it can't hurt to say 'hi, so he sidles up beside him, clearing his throat by his ear to catch his attention.
Jan is passed out in his room, and really he should have joined her because he can never make good decisions on his own when in an inebriated state. Fumbling to get his phone out off his pocket, he taps out a message clumsily, erases it, types it out again with an emoji to lessen the blow.
Peter's breaths come out shallow and harsh, his shaking hands clutched in Tony's night shirt as he sobs quietly. The brunet whispers quiet little nothings into his hair, rocking his baby boy from side to side to try to comfort him. Peter's anxiety had always put a lot of stress on his body, and manifested physically sometimes too, it's why he tried to keep the house as neutral as possible, and why they had had to leave the Tower in the first place. Maximoff had never assaulted their dreams, but Tony's nightly screaming and panic-fuelled inventing hadn't gone unnoticed by Peter.
"Uh, I'm cool on that, Dad. I should really get to bed, school tomorrow, you know?" Peter rushes out, and Tony stomps down on the disappointment he feels.
It didn’t seem like he was getting out of here anytime soon, what with the post-partum hemorrhaging that’s been lasting the past two weeks and not to mention the impossibility of surviving without all these dumb machines. He wished by some miracle the world would just quiet down until he felt better, strong enough to deal with it. That the beeping of the machines would just stop (then again that would mean he was dead, but whatever, in a hopefully not-dead kind of way) and that all these doctors and nurses and specialists coming in and out of the room, checking vitals, speaking at him, about him like he wasn’t even a person, would just quiet down and leave, like Steve had. Given, they wouldn’t be leaving him in an abandoned Hydra bunker, but maybe before they left, they could drop one of the heavier machines being rolled around he place on his chest, but leave a way for him to survive and feel every aching second of his body going into distress and shutting down, with no sign of help coming, they could get the feel of it right. God, he definitely shouldn’t be thinking about any of that, the doctors said as much, and he’d rather not have them bring in the shrinks like they’ve been threatening to do. For that he was at least grateful, no one was breathing down his neck to speak about everything that happened, to share and to expose himself bare to the world. Stark men are made of iron, but so were the women, and god help him, his kid would survive. Tiny as she – they, she could decide who she wanted to be just as much as he had – was, the nurses had said the fluid in her lungs were drained and that they were keeping a close eye on her and that someone would be by soon to discuss their options going forward. Soon as he could, he had had the best surgeons and specialists flown in to care for them, strong as they were, they needed help and no matter how much iron ran in your DNA, everyone needs a little help weak heart such as that and fluid in the lungs. The both of them needed to get stronger so that they could be treated in the US, not that he wasn’t thankful to his Siberian carers but the first few days were terrifying, how they had kept him alive was still a mystery, but stealing floor space and resources from the locals, people in dire need of help, wasn’t something that Tony wanted to continue doing, he didn’t need more people suffering because of him. Rhodey and the kid should be the last, they deserved more than him but before they left, before they realised he was no good like everyone else seemed to do, he would make their lives better. Give them what they need and give them a fighting chance. Already, his mind was filled with the blueprints of an exoskeleton that could assist Rhodey, he just needed to find a way to make it work with brainwaves, he wanted it to be and to feel as natural as possible, and Rhodey deserved that at least. Tony would make sure the physio went well and gave him the best chance of walking again, and if he couldn’t he’d at least have something to fall back onto. God, Rhodey falling – he should have caught him, should have unarmed Sam himself to make sure the wings couldn’t be used against them but he didn’t want his teammates (ex-teammates, but was Tony ever a teammate in their eyes?) to feel like he was approaching with hostility. He had just wanted them to listen, but as always, Captain America’s word would always trump Stark’s, I mean he was just playing hero after all and Rogers was righteousness incarnate in everybody’s eyes. If only they knew what happened in that bunker, surely the government would be tripping over their feet to further distance from Rogers and his little band of lap dogs. No more, he didn’t need to think of them and their backstabbing and secrets. He needed to figure out an internal prosthetic, a valid and working substitute for his kid’s weak heart. He might not have done anything to fix his heart but his baby deserved to live, to grow up and be even more amazing than they already were, and if they wanted to do that away from Tony, from his poison and selfishness and ego (honestly, fuck Natasha and Fury and every other rat bastard who had ever used that as ammunition against him), Tony would let them and just be grateful that they were alive and well and safe, like Pete, and Harley, and Jamie are. For now, modern medicine would have to step in and do what they can until they can get a donor or Tony can come up with something, he didn’t want them living in pain, they didn’t deserve that and maybe the odds weren’t so great for them having a transplant so soon, but it was possible. He’d let them heal and grow a bit stronger before he had them moved and once he was back in the lab he could come up with something, maybe Helen would help him out and see if they cradle could be upgraded to help beyond tissue repair, if only for the baby’s sake, and he definitely needed to name them. Can’t be calling the kid kid for the rest of their life.
,” Tony said automatically, not looking up from the page of scribbles Bruce had slid over to him. Not to check for any mistakes, no, just to admire it, as Bruce said.
“I mean,” the brunette replied, locking his tablet and directing his attention to the archer, who was clad in a children’s chef hat and apron, making him look twice as ridiculous as usual. “Why don’t you just get me to read it for you, instead of asking me every other second what words mean?”
“Why was it not guarded more heavily?” Clint asked, voice flat like it was out on the field. Natasha huffed out a laugh at that.
“As lovely as it is to see you all again - Wanda, I put some of those books you liked on the coffee table - I think I districtly remember you saying there was some urgent Hydra business involving secret Nazi programmes from World War Two,” Laura said, waving a hand around around too casually for the topic of conversation.
His calloused fingers spun through the projections, pinching and flicking through the data, seemingly randomly, before he scaled up a discrete file blandly labeled as ‘
“Was I the only one that noticed?” Tony asked casually, not taking his eyes of the projection, which he was currently trying to decode with lightning-fast finger strokes.
“Okay,” Steve smiled back at him giddy with joy. He held Tony’s face, stroking his thumb across the brunette’s cheek, coaxing out a blush from him, before leaning back down and pushing their lips back together as he gently settled his weight over Tony’s body.
He and Tony hadn’t spoken one-on-one much since the team had haphazardly come back together. They put their differences aside to tackle the ever growing threat of hydra, and other newly emerging terrorist groups with genocide on their agenda.
The blade, made from vibranium and now coated in Tony’s blood, was retracted from Tony’s torso with a sickening slick noise.
just, no, he was not going there. He resisted the urge to squirm, then tried to collect himself enough that he would sound as casual as possible when he asked:
they were close. It just… it was nice, being able to share that part of yourself with someone when you’re hiding it from the rest of the world. Also, Nat was outrageously funny, and he knew she thought the same of him. They just
“Oh, yeah I forgot they mentioned that,” Rhodey waved off, scrolling through his phone as he patiently ate his cereal.
Nat was in her element here, she’d trained in worse conditions than this. Raising her gun up, she didn’t shiver even a bit, just followed at the heels of u suspecting agents through the thick foliage. Once they were both in range, they began taking shots at the ambush team, ducking for cover under slopes coated in sheets of snow. Bucky sprung from behind a fallen fir, driving his metal fist into an agent’s chest, hearing it crack violently and the guy propelled backwards into two other agents, who had a moment to look panicked until Nat had delivered two precise marks into their skulls.
While Tony was quieter around him nowadays, he was unusually so at the moment. Steve was about to chalk it up as being concerned for his teammates (
That earned a snort from Steve, who finished up wrapping his arm when Clint plonked himself down on the bench opposite Sam. The archer tsked as he adjusted his quiver, loosening it up off his shoulder, shaking his head slowly.
“Morning, Tones,” Steve really should be embarrassed by the way his head snapped up at Rhodey’s voice, eyes immediately going to the doorway.
“Somehow, you make me feel not only like I’m that skinny kid from Brooklyn, but also like I’m on cloud nine… like, like I’m the most important thing in the room, yet so small and, and weak in the knees when you so much as smile, I don’t know how you do it, Christ, you create this impossible… dichotomy-”
Panic swelled in Tony’s chest, and he scrambled towards Steve’s body, hauling the larger man into his arms as the downed bots began to beep expectantly. Tony dragged Steve’s body, occasionally using the last drops of energy in his suit to push them forward - towards the abandoned office building opposite them, carrying him deep into the building. They collapsed in an ungrateful heap, and Tony turned back in time to see the small red lights on the bots flash angrily for a second before the beeping came to a halt, and the bots blew up spectacularly in the streets. But Tony wasn’t filled with the usual relief that came at the end of a battle, as debris rained down from the outside of the building, collapsing in on the entrance, trapping the pair inside.
The smaller man’s hair was damp, appearing black in the dim lighting of the upstairs hallway, and he had shuffled into a large baggy sweatshirt and boxers, trying to appear nonchalant as he leant against the banister.
Nat nodded, understanding. She glanced up, noting the man at the counter ordering a coffee. He was another regular, and from what she could tell, the looks he shot Tony’s way weren’t just because he recognised him. He was objectively attractive - tall, muscular, a strong jaw, cute glasses, dressed well… she was sure Tony must have noticed, he
Steve knelt in front of Tony’s chair (no way in hell would he sit on one of those impending disasters), reached across Tony from the bottle, and without further notice pulled the zipper of the undersuit down, revealing the man’s very battered torso. Tony was about to protest when Steve but in, “I was in the war, Tony, s'not like I ain’t seen fellas naked before.”
“I do, yeah,” Steve looked down at his feet, kicking snow out his way, pushing on. The Hyrda base was two miles away now, Nat leading the way, followed by Tony, the rear brought up by Steve and Bucky. Luckily for Steve, the wind was coming towards them, so their voices wouldn’t be carried to Tony’s ears.
Steve inwardly grimaced at himself. He was being bitter and petty, he knew that. But he couldn’t figure out
“Hey, yourself,” Steve mumbled around a smile, glancing over the other man’s shoulder to see if they were alone. They were.
) while Tony gently took them off him and stacked them away in the cabinets. When the last one was done, Steve had looked up at him with the grace of a smile on his lips, a few wayward strands of his golden hair drooping over his forehead.
“Violence is not key” Nat’s voice rang from the front of the jet, not taking her eyes off the windscreen for a moment while she steered them away from any immediate danger.
“I am, but you don’t have to date the guy…” she teased, wiggling her eyebrows, “or is that not really your thing, anymore?”
“No, no!” Steve laughed, pointing his finger between Tony and up at the ceiling - he always looked up when addressing Jarvis - “I don’t consent for my voice to be used like that out of context, get rid of that right now.”
Steve released a shaky breath, barely audible, but there no doubt. Tony collapsed with relief, feeling Steve’s pulse grow stronger, the serum finally kicking in and booting Steve back up like a machine.
Their peaceful equilibrium was disturbed with the sudden arrival of Thor, who greeted them both brightly - smiling even brighter at Steve when he noticed the pan.
Steve pushed them off the wall, and kicked the door shut behind them one they were inside the room, sending a crack through the plaster of the doorframe. He led Tony down gently on his mattress, despite the passion of the moment, because ultimately this was special. This man drove him wild, and it had taken all the strength in his super-enhanced body not to jump Tony’s bones the moment he had him under his lips.
Nat strode in, looking devastatingly menacing even in just a baggy yellow shirt and pyjama bottoms - pink with cats on.
Steve pulled Tony’s face towards his own, pressing their lips together harshly. The Captain ran his hands down Tony’s body, trailing from his cheeks to his hips, using them to pull the other man flush up against him; Tony moaned, running his hands over the expanse of Steve’s shoulders, letting the larger man push him back against the surface, climbing over him and deepening the kiss.
One agent must have been bold enough to approach the trees, but Nat and Tony saw him first and fired simultaneously at the man’s head. He collapsed to the ground instantly.
Tony’s world suddenly turned sideways - he’d collapsed, he realised distantly - and he struggled to maintain a steady flow of oxygen himself. He felt the warm trickle of blood oozing from his side, and pressed a hand against the wound absently, eliciting a strangled cry of pain from his mouth, which tasted like copper.
“Why wouldn’t he have given the US Army access to the vault - if there is one - in the case of his death?” Bruce questioned, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose.
Tony had never been body conscious before in his life - plenty of scandalous articles from his adolescence speak for themselves. But, since the reactor had buried its way into his chest, he was reluctant for anyone to get a good look at him. Not only did it expose a chink in his infallible armour, but, in his opinion, was an ugly, grotesque reminder of the man he used to be.
Steve always lingered behind as the others trailed off back to their quarters for the night, putting the empty takeout boxes or dinner plates away, folding up the crumpled blankets and tossing the cushions back onto the sofas. Tony had always found it endearing; it was just so Steve, looking after them all in quiet ways, always brushing off the ‘thank you’s.
Steve crouched down, eye-to-eye with Tony, gently taking the smaller man’s chin in one hand and angling it to the side to get a better look at the wound. Nat rolled her eyes; Steve cared for them all equally, she knew, but he always had had an odd affection for Tony. She supposed she wasn’t one to judge, though.
Bucky collapsed forward onto his hands and knees, dropping a limp Tony on his back on the bank. Tony’s eyes were blown wide, and his nose was at an awkward angle, gushing with blood. Natasha scooped him up, supporting him from under his armpits,mane started leading him back to the cabin, Steve and Bucky a few short paces behind.
Tony was loosing the feeling in his extremities, face burning with the cold. The other man forced him down again and again, as if he were nothing more than a buoy.
Natasha and James had broken off from Steve after noticing stray Hyrda lackeys attempting to establish a perimeter around their refuge. Like the agents they encountered at the base, they were heavily armed, but there were fewer of them this time. Much fewer.
Steve watched as Tony broke of a chunk of ice around the skirting of the bunker, bringing it up to his nose, hissing but then sighing with relief at the cold press. The bruising had darkened considerably, but his eyes still stood out from his face.
Steve walked in, towel slung over his shoulders from the quick shower he took after his session in the gym with Nat and Sam, rubbing it absently against the back of his head where his wet hair dripped onto the back of his white t-shirt.
The man looked at them through his rear-view mirror, recognition creeping across his face. Tony’s albeit overgrown goatee, Nat’s fiery red hair, and the sheer amount of weapons they’d managed to strap onto themselves started to paint the picture. Despite knowing they probably needed medical attention, when an Avenger tells you you could be in danger for helping them, you’re more than inclined to just do what you can then get the hell out of there, no questions asked.
As punishment for his deception, Tony had been assigned cleaning duty for the remainder of the evening while the others hit the bars. As a good team leader which absolutely no alterer motive, no siree, Steve stayed behind to help, claiming he felt bad leaving Tony alone, even if he was a sneaky little shit.
Steve looked vaguely guilty before darting forward, until he saw Bucky break though the surface, Tony tucked under his arm. Through clenched teeth, Bucky hauled himself through the water. After one failed attempt at trying to climb back out the same hole, the soldier resorted to smashing the ice separating him from the bank of the lake. Steve began doing the same, and within a minute or two, was hauling the two men out the lake.
"I am the Sorcerer Supreme, do you think I would put Kamar Taj and it's secrets at risk? Think about it, Namor," Stephen implores, "if whatever's out there gets in, or even just points a huge deathray at us, not even Atlantis would be safe."
Tony is determined. It's always been said of him, and one of the nicer, more positive words people have used to describe him. So here he is waking up at three am in a pool of drool and with a crick in his neck, trying to gathering his bearings enough to
Tiberius just laughs, wading his way through the crowd with a lazy wave. So here Steve was, completely confused as to what just transpired. Some first introduction he made.
The evening carries on with an air of playfulness as they moved to Steve's room after getting baked with Danny Rand, who (surprisingly) Tony
After a few minutes of rocking in the dark, the boy's breathing starts evening out, his dad stroking his hair. Reaching over to grab his phone, Tony dials a familiar number.
"Pete already ran it by us, and they have work to do, Harl. This jealousy doesn't look good on you," Tony says, reaching out to pinch his son's cheeks lightly.
Steve was always careful when unloading the produce at Thor's. While the man could live up to his name as an ex-soldier turned shopkeep, he was never a bad business partner, and would more often than not tip them with an extra bit of gold dust for their efforts.
"Reed, this town only has one paved road, it'd be hard to get lost." Tony rolls his eyes, amused at Reed's mothering that had never stopped since that first day. God, he missed Rhodey.
Seeing the boys worried look, Tony glances into the room, Peter still sound asleep. "Listen, Bud, you have nothing to worry about," Tony tries to reassure him, squatting down in front of the boy. "Do you remember when Peter was getting sick all the time a couple of years ago? His tummy was weak and he had to spend some time in the hospital?"
Harley does groan out loud this time. "Pops, just because you only used a bar of soap and the jawbone of a donkey to get presentable in your day, doesn't mean it works for me."
"So, did you want to brainstorm here and go down to the lab when we were ready, or can we grab a bite and head down now already?"
Stiff and exhausted, he gave up peering around the room when a figure appeared at the door, an angel whose hair was cast in a halo of light from the lamp in his hands.
"Only when everybody's watching." Tony smirks at him, blinded by the light shining in his hair. "I wouldn't mind being your tasting expert once the harvest comes around, I hear I have really good tastebuds."
"Rogers and his team," Matt picks up, "pose a problem though. They've been spotted sporadically, but when they do show up, it's usually in an Accords' ally's territories. Everyone knows they're not under the Accords purview, but it's making people nervous."
Riri continues spinning on, feet now tucked under her. "If you didn't want to join, it's one hundred percent cool, but just know, the offer stands."
