John's mouth fell open. His throat felt dangerously dry, but he still somehow found the strength to reply.
Sherlock watched as John walked back into the flat, and he couldn’t help but flinch as the door slammed shut after him.
Sherlock was already out the door by the time John had grabbed his own jacket and tugged it on, running down the stairs as he followed Sherlock out into the snow.
"Your mate Samuel informed me that you've got expertise in cutting hair?" Danny said, and John could feel himself grimace.
After what felt like years of endless sucking of lips, and the sweetness of their shared breath, Sherlock moved down to John's neck, teasing at the skin with his tongue, and John tilted his head up to the ceiling.
John rolled his eyes insufferably, taking the phone from his shoulder and into his hand so he could speak clearly into it.
Then there were times, in the dead of night, when Sherlock would be at the window and looking out over the city of London, and he would play a melancholy tune that would nearly bring John close to tears. It was one of the rare times that John was able to get a glimpse at what Sherlock would be feeling.
Yeah, well, I'm in love with you, so that makes our circumstances a bit different. John thought, but didn't dare say that out loud. That would qualify as insensitive. A Bit Not Good. Not to mention much too revealing.
"I said," Sherlock muttered. "You've been abroad a lot. Flew all the way round the world twice in a month."
The entire thing was like a dream. They wheeled Sherlock into a room to have his stomach pumped. To get it out of his system. To get him rest. It was all a blur, and John had no idea what to do or what to think.
"I'm telling you, Harry," John said, balancing his phone on his shoulder while holding a biscuit. "I don't think I'm going to be able to make it to your house party. I'm spending Christmas with Sherlock this year."
Sherlock stood to the side, his violin in hand, softly playing Christmas carols over the conversations. His eyes seemed to always gravitate to John, who was smiling and laughing with a pretty new officer from Scotland Yard. She was leaning far too close to John for Sherlock's liking, and her smile was flirty and absolutely disgusting.
Nothing was said about it when a week passed and Sherlock's things were moved into John's room, his sock index mixing in with John's and his dressing gowns hung on a hanger above the door. It was not mentioned when John went out and bought a larger comforter so they wouldn't have to hog the sheets all night. It was something that just went without saying. Don't bring it up.
But then Sherlock's foot caught in the rope of lights that hung down on the ground, and Sherlock tripped, nearly falling forward, dropping the lights tangled in his hands. Quickly, Sherlock tried to lean back to steady himself, but he leaned back much too far. His fingers slipped as they tried to grab on to the mantlepiece.
Sherlock is not a child. He's mourning the death of his brother. Just because Sherlock is mourning doesn't mean that he isn't capable of himself. Doesn't mean that Sherlock couldn't be left alone. Right? Oh Christ. This was all so complicated.
Sherlock nodded again. "I know," he said. And then they walked to Speedy's for coffee and a biscuit.
John opened the door, and he put the groceries on the table. He took everything out. Put them on the counter.
"You didn't have to die, you know," Sherlock said. His voice was not weak. It was strong. Sherlock was angry. "You didn't have to leave me. You didn't have to...you were the strong one, Mycroft! Always the strong one. Why didn't you think to check for any bombs or missiles? Why didn't your plane detect it in time? You're posh, you're a Holmes! How could you have been so stupid?!"
Then finally John built up the courage to look back at Sherlock's eyes again, and this time, John did not look away.
Eventually, John had to leave the changing room, and when he did, he went into Rosie’s room in a hurry. He put her down for a nap, and stayed by her bedside for hours, too afraid to face Sherlock.
“Shoving me?!” Harry shouted. “Give me a break! I’ve gotten worse from Johnny when I stole his action figures when we were little rug rats!”
"Sherlock," John called, and only silence responded to him. "Come on out. I'm making your favorite. You can start a movie if you'd like."
Then the day after that, Sherlock would make himself a piece of toast, a cup of tea, and sat down once more. He solved the case in two minutes after that. Then he opened up another folder.
Then suddenly, Sherlock was kneeling down on the floor with John, pressing a wet towel in a helpful attempt to mop up the mess.
"Okay, fine," Harry said. "But just so you know, my party's on Christmas Day. The day after yours. So if you're not too hung over on eggnog or some of that delicious whiskey you've got over there, then drop by at the party. We'd love to see you over here."
He always behaves like a reserved man. John can observe that much. But this time, Sherlock was different; his shoulders were more stiffened than ever before, and his forehead had a certain crease that Sherlock only gets when solving particularly difficult problems.
All he ever really wanted was for John to be happy, and he hated himself for getting so carried away. If only he wasn’t in love with John Watson, he wouldn’t have been so scared and let his emotions overcome the power of his mind.
It was one of the most difficult barber jobs that John had had to do. His hands were shaking, quite nervous for some reason in front of the Major. And usually, John was happy to give abundant conversation to his fellow soldiers and clients, but this time was different. He barely said two real words to the man, and whenever he did, his words were merely stutters.
"Yes, I know, I know, you're not gay," Harry said breezily, and John could practically see her wave her hand sarcastically. "Not necessarily, anyway."
John, as promised, had left as soon as the sun rose on Christmas morning. He didn’t bother to take his presents with him, or to give any to Sherlock. It was an empty flat all day as the holiday passed by.
But now it was over. Now John was here with Sherlock in his arms. And while they were not together formally, while they hadn't kissed or shagged, the feeling was there. John knew it, and he knew Sherlock knew it, too.
It really was no secret that Sherlock cared for John and that John cared for Sherlock. It had always been some sort of understanding between them. But it was John that would occupy most of Sherlock's thoughts, and it was John whom Sherlock would do anything for.
A tall Christmas tree was set up in the middle of the room, with lights strung together at the base, a rope of bright orbs coiled at the floor and wrapped halfway up the tree.
John kissed back, almost lazily, but his heart was beating wildly, his pulse thrumming, and it was unlike anything he'd ever felt before.
Weeks later, on another rainy night, John was sleeping in his bed when he was woken up with the soft creak of his door.
Getting up, John walked into the kitchen, stretching his joints as he emptied his teacup and prepared to make another.
But to his horror, Sherlock reached underneath John's chair and pulled out John's pouch of barber tools.
At the end of each day, it was already a given that they would be sharing a bed. Neither of them brought it up. Neither of them made a fuss. Neither of them questioned it.
Before Mr. and Mrs. Holmes would leave, they would always give Sherlock a long hug, telling him how much they love him. Sherlock hugged back, now. He'd always respond with, "Yes. I know." But that seemed to be enough.
John opened the door, and when he saw who was standing there, his jaw dropped. He opened the door wider.
After John nodded, Sherlock's eyebrows raised slightly and pinched together, as if unsure of what to do with that information.
Sherlock's eyes dropped to his lap and pressed his lips together, not saying anything in response. He looked almost disappointed.
But after months and months of denial, John finally gave in, and it was surprisingly easy to accept them. But then there was the problem of controlling himself, and never even leaving behind a sign of his feelings towards Sherlock.
John bent forward, running his hands in Sherlock's curls once again, and raised them up from the roots to check his work.
But then Sherlock's phone chimed, and Sherlock pulled his phone out from his pocket. A text had appeared on the screen. A text from Lestrade.
Sherlock cried and sobbed and sniveled, and it was unlike anything John had ever seen Sherlock do. It had been so sudden, like a dam breaking, the floodwaters bursting out from the walls and taking everything in its path.
Danny chuckled. "Well before you do that," he said, gesturing to his beard. "I could use trim of this here thing. It's getting to be pretty long, and it might get in the way of me mask."
"I don't know," John responded. "They, well, sleep in separate beds, for one thing. And most friends don't know so much about each other."
But Sherlock was already looking at him, with this soft look in his eyes, and with this expression on his face like John was the sun. It made John's insides turn to cream, and he returned the look.
"I'm so sorry," Sherlock said. "About faking my death. Making you believe that I was gone. I...I know what it's like. Now. To mourn."
It was always Mycroft. Always him. The one who cared so deeply from the beginning, and the one who had stuck with Sherlock since before Sherlock even knew how to walk.
The only thing that Sherlock had mentioned was that a bank had been broken into, and that was all. There was nothing more to the case than an email; of course, that wasn't unusual.
This couldn't be like the last time John had cut Sherlock's hair. Sherlock hadn't been aware at the time, and John had been allowed to get close, not just because he wanted to, but because it was required in the job.
"Right, okay," John said, and suddenly, he was unsure of himself. "Okay. Just, just sit back, I suppose."
“I understand if you don’t want to see me again.” Sherlock murmured towards him. “I just realized that it’s Christmas, and it’s more of a time for miracles than any other time, so I just thought—”
John turned to Sherlock with a slightly annoyed look. "Because we haven't been out of the house in three days, Sherlock," John told him. "And it's just days before Christmas and I want to experience the winter."
Then his face fell as John came into view, looking between Harry and the door, his eyes landing on Sherlock.
And then Sherlock leaned forward and pressed chaste a kiss to John's lips, and it was sweet and calm, and it was full of promises and apologies. Of new understandings. Of love.
Lights decorated the mantles, and the flat was filled with merry decorations and the delicious smell of cakes and biscuits. Lestrade was standing with Molly Hooper and Sally Donovan, drinking eggnog and hot chocolate, chattering indistinctly by the fireplace.
"Oh!" Sherlock said, his tone mocking surprise. His eyes lifted to meet John's, and he gestured to the bag. "What are these under your chair, then, John?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, wrapping his scarf tighter around himself and stuffing his gloved hands underneath his arms.
There was no denying that it felt good, not just because he was holding his tools again, but also because he never got to be this close to Sherlock. He never got to lean over him, and admire how soft and relaxed his face looked, or how silky his hair felt beneath his fingers. John now had an excuse to study him intensely, and to keep his eyes there instead of tearing them away.
Throughout the session, John couldn't help but take it slow. And if he "accidentally" touched Major Sholto's biceps as he walked around, he just kept working and thought none of it. And he may have been closer than strictly necessary when he knelt down in front of him to check how straight his cut was.
Sherlock flushed the rest of the drugs down the toilet. John didn't even have to tell him. Sherlock said that it had all been a slip-up. His brain had gotten the better of him. The thoughts had begun to come back. Sherlock had just wanted it to be quiet.
“John, listen, um…” Sherlock paused. “For a long time now, you were always considered my only friend. And for that I appreciated you, because you helped me with everything that I worked for. Even if you were just an average goldfish.”
“Nothing really,” said Rosie in her high voice. “I just don’t know who he is exactly. I was just wondering, since he’s always around.”
John walked over to the side of a random tent and smoothly snatched away a small wooden stool. He knew that nobody would miss it, and it would be perfect for his client to sit on while John did his job.
After a minute, they decided they would quite like to breathe, and they broke apart. They breathed heavily, Sherlock’s hot breath on John’s ear. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, and he smiled.
"Oh stop worrying, John." Sherlock sighed, waving his hand in the air, and effectively knocking John out of his stupor. "The closeness won't bother me. I'm simply curious as to how you do this. I've never trusted the barbers that I go to very much. They have a surprising amount of terrible things to deduce."
"You want to play that game you did back at uni, back when you played your tricks, go ahead." Sebastian was seething. "But don't come here in a place of business, and tell me who I am or what I think. I do that on my own. So if you want to be that same old
Sherlock had started going on cases again. Just the other night, they had gone on a chase across the Thames, tracking down a petty theif with a gun. John engaged in a shooting match with him and won. John had missed the feeling of adrenaline in his veins. And when they got home, Sherlock had pinned John against the wall and snogged him breathless until John felt positively weak in the knees and Sherlock had to hold him up.
Sherlock didn't look away from John's eyes, and with every second that passed, John could feel his heart beat faster at the contact. And for a moment, it was completely silent, and completely still.
After half a minute had passed, John moved to look at Sherlock again and was shocked to see that Sherlock was already looking at him.
Sherlock stuffed his hands into his pockets. He did have to admit that John was right about that. Christmas did have some sort of spirit about it, and if Sherlock wasn't the logical man that he was today, he would almost describe it as magic.
It was a mess in there, with papers strewn all over the floor and old cases nailed to the wall. John walked forward, but something cracked beneath his foot. A glass syringe.
John's eyes followed it for a second before turning his attention back to his flatmate. His long curls were ruffled over his forehead now, reaching closer towards his eyebrows.
Sherlock was quiet on the ride back to Baker Street. John could still feel his heart pump with adrenaline, and his face hurt from grinning so much.
John knew Sherlock was speaking out of personal experience, but John could still feel a stab of pain in his chest as Sherlock spoke. Because it was all true. John very nearly died during those two years. If it hadn't been for Mary...
Then that's when the phone rang. It wasn't the house phone. It was Sherlock's cell phone, buried deep into his pocket, the ringer loud enough for John to hear across the room, where he was trying to type up their latest case on his blog. The sound was just shrill enough for John to lose his concentration, and he had stood up and crossed the room to tell Sherlock to get off the microscope answer it already.
"It's been a while," John replied after a moment, to which Danny simply waved his hand in dismissal.
John and Sherlock didn't speak or talk. There was nothing to be said, nothing to be done. John was almost convinced that Sherlock had just come up here so he wouldn't be alone tonight. Completely understandable.
They walked to the cemetary, just because they could. John stopped at a vendor and bought flowers to lay on the gravestone, carrying them the entire way.
John let out a contented sigh as the memories came flooding back, and he stretched his arms and back, scratching his skin and yawning.
“He said he LOVES you,” Rosie said in a teasing and playful voice, and she expected Sherlock to laugh.
John leaped forwards, allowing Sherlock to catch him in a hug and kiss him, both of them laughing into it like a couple of children. Both of them had tears in their eyes, but they’d never, ever say so.
"Not Christmas." John pointed out, looking up at him. "Besides, these lights won't be out forever, and you know that Christmas has got a certain feeling to it. I'd like it if I wouldn't miss it."
After the service, John led Sherlock out of the church, his hand clutching the other man's arm, knowing that Sherlock wouldn't want to stick around for refreshments. They breezed past Lestrade and Molly and Mrs. Hudson, and John gave a comforting hug to both of Sherlock's parents. Sherlock simply stood by like a spectre, emptily accepting hugs and sympathies from friends and family.
John had no idea what he was doing, but he knew that it felt good. Sebastian, this jerk-off, was sitting in a chair in front of him trying to be the boss. And it was laughable to think that this banker actually believes that he's good at his job.
When John sat himself down, a book in his lap, he saw that Sherlock had slumped his thin body against the back of his leather chair, his eyes closed with his palms pressed together in prayer form.
But as John was unscrewing the cap of the treat icing, he glanced up at Sherlock, who was sitting still with his eyes closed in his armchair, thinking intently. His face was still, smooth, calm, and ultimately very attractive.
Sherlock looked up at John, surprise, and anticipation in his heavy-lidded and darkened eyes, and his kiss-swollen lips pulled into a breathy smirk.
"Why are we out here again?" Sherlock asked, looking around the park with distaste, and at the snow that seemed to be covering the entire thing like a blanket.
The detective was already stalking down the street and trying to wave down a cab when John came up to him, his fists clenched.
The Major gave a small nod, and he stood up from his chair, and suddenly, he was standing very close to John, looking down from his height.
Cases did not come. Lestrade did not call, did not text. Mrs. Hudson came up every ten minutes to check on them, bringing tea on a tray, and she always stayed to talk about the latest gossip from her book club. It had occurred to John long ago that she was giving Sherlock the gift of stable constancy. To let him know something will always remain the same.
It was getting dark out when John finally gestured for Sherlock to sit in his armchair, carrying the tools in his hand. Sherlock was sitting down in ten seconds flat.
It took eight minutes for the ambulance to arrive. John sat in the back with Sherlock as he was wheeled into the bus. John clenched at his hand. Turned over his arm.
His heart still pounding, Sherlock took the phone from his pocket and flipped it open, and took the chance to walk across the room and as far away from John as possible.
John smiled over the phone, a small smirk on the speaker. "Yes, definitely. I'll see you later," he said.
Then as soon as word got out that there was a barber in camp, it spread all the way to the commanding officers within the ranks.
There were a couple times that there was a noise behind them, and John's nerves nearly jumped from his skin, afraid that someone would see them. But nobody ever came around, and John was always able to turn back to his work.
Harry started singing first, and then Greg followed, in singing “Auld Lang Syne” at the top of their lungs. The rest of the guests immediately joined in, swaying to the music.
The teacher in John's Psych 101 had said that they could happen in any order. It all depended on the person. What their path of healing was. Sometimes Acceptance came first, and then Denial after that. Sometimes the griever went back a stage. It all depended.
"Well of course it does," said Sherlock. "It looks almost identical to what I had before. But it most certainly got shorter."
"Oh, that's fine," Danny replied. "You don't need to be gold-star, Johnny. Just have the steady hands to cut me beard."
And now John found it hard to resist his temptations to run his fingers through Sherlock's hair and to stare intensely at his doll-like face.
Now less than a year later, John and Sherlock had patched up their friendship, and they had gone on without another word, without another glance at their past. It was as if everything was back to the way it was.
Sherlock to leave the city he has mapped out completely in his head. Done. Minus the convincing part. I warned Fury, again,” John and Sherlock looked displeased and Greg shrugged, “Recreate his Homeless Network in New York. Fury honestly wasn’t sure how you did that in the first place and all I really know is that you paid them,” Greg slid a paper to Sherlock, “So he wrote down all the areas they accumulate and decided that you can do whatever you did before,” Sherlock looked at the paper with annoyance, “And I mentioned that Fury is working on the Network in London. Next thing was to convince The Yard to let Sherlock go. I was pretty much the only one who wanted you, so, he took me,” Greg shrugged, “Gets me away from my ex, so, not complaining. Convince and/or move Sherlock’s parents. That was probably the easiest,” Greg snorted, “As long as they had a number to reach you and monthly updates from either you or S.H.I.E.L.D, they were fine with whatever.”
After a few minutes, John was sitting beside Loki on the couch, Mycroft, despite Sherlock’s glare, was sitting in John’s chair, and Tony, Steve, and Bruce took the chairs from the kitchen. After a few seconds, Fury spoke up, “What happened?”
John gave Frigga the Tesseract, “When you do return,” he stated, “Could you ask Heimdall about a man named James Moriarty? We just need to know if he’s dead.”
Fury huffed and walked away. Sherlock hummed, “I’m sure not even Moriarty could have planned an American Spy Network getting wind of him this soon,” John chuckled at Sherlock’s statement and intertwined his hand with Sherlock’s on his armrest.
John just gestured to the giant ball of tangles that made the bottom of his nephew’s hair. Mrs. Hudson made a face before digging into the pocket of her apron and pulled out both a pair of scissors and a metal comb, “Sherlock is not allowed to have these,” she stated.
“What?” Sherlock looked at John confused, “John, if you’re wanting to go to New York, not even Mycroft would be able to-”
Frigga chuckled, smiling, “I can see that” she stated, “But, as you well know if I was really all that worried, I could’ve easily found you.”
Mrs. Hudson giggled, “I think Sherlock’s come close to smacking Thor with that hammer of his,” she stated, “Poor Sherlock has difficulties with people who don’t use their brains, but he knows it’s not particularly Thor’s fault. Loki, however, Sherlock has been able to get along better with. He’s even started explaining how to create a Mind Palace.”
Loki groaned and grabbed his head, “Why does my head hurt?” Loki looked at John, “Why am I here? Where am I?”
Frigga gave him a look, but didn’t push it, “Why do you continue to ignore your brother’s warnings and advice?” she asked, “It’s because of him that you are even king,” Frigga stood up, leaving several injuries on him purposely, “I promised Vé I would give him a full Midgardian day to deal with what he needs. I expect you to send me down to see both the son you’ve neglected and the one you claim to know best. Am I understood?”
John began cutting Loki’s hair and just hummed, “Three…” John looked at his watch, “Two…” something crashed through the window, “Thor,” John pointed at the sprawled man on the floor before going back to combing Loki’s hair, “Hello, Nephew.”
“Greg?” John questioned confused, “Why the hell are you awake at…” John looked at the clock on the side table, “Five in the morning?”
Sherlock sighed and sat in his chair, “I’m sorry, Frigga,” John stated, “We got a little…sidetracked,” he rubbed the back of his head.
Frigga smirked, “Forget something, Vé?” she asked as she calmly discarded while setting her cards down face up, “Gin.”
“You have it,” John smirked, “We didn’t hide anything from the public. Whether or not they believed us or not is their decision. Everything on Moriarty is on the blog. Call it an unofficial report.”
“Going to be perfectly honest,” Sherlock stated, “Think I stuck them in that jar of acid a week ago.”
John chuckled and was smiling, “You’re sweet,” he stated, “But, had I taken the throne, we would not have met, no?”
“My brother can’t raise a potted plant, let alone two boys meant to rule two kingdoms,” John stated, “I’m beginning to doubt my declining the throne.”
Sherlock appeared to be trying to comprehend this. John chuckled, “Did I just now break you, Love?” he asked.
Sherlock hummed and sat on the arm of the couch by Loki’s head. John took Sherlock not saying anything as a cue to continue, “While I disagreed with my brothers, our father agreed,” John said bitterly, “I had no choice, but to join my brothers. Whilst claiming the Realms, Odin, somehow, fathered a daughter. He never did tell us who her mother was,” John gripped annoyed, “She was given the name Hela. Hela Odinsdottir. She grew up within the wars.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock stated, “Just do your little teleport thing for the way back,” he looked down at the file in John’s hands, “How bad?” John showed Sherlock the file.
A loud shriek rang throughout the building causing Sherlock and John to wince. Mrs. Hudson just went out to get the paper. Probably in just her housecoat. They suddenly heard running, “Oh…fuck!” John all but threw the comforter off him, “Thor! It’s not a danger!” John’s phone fell forgotten on the floor, “Thor!”
“Thought you might,” Greg smirked, “The last thing on your list was your lab and Molly,” Sherlock raised an eyebrow, “You’ll have certain clearances to S.H.I.E.L.D labs,” Sherlock looked interested, “And Fury gave Molly an offer that had her practically drooling. However, her fiancé isn’t too keen on the idea,” Greg huffed, “I created the job for Molly knowing exactly what Tom would do. Never liked the git, but Molly was actually happy and I didn’t want to lose her friendship. Especially with you two gone. Also,” Greg snorted, “Fury has several questions on Budapest.”
“Sherlock, away from the edge of the building,” John said without moving his eyes away from his nephew, “You’re not allowed to jump off the edge again.”
Mrs. Hudson hummed, “I’m not entirely sure on that,” she stated, “Sherlock had faked his death almost three years ago and went searching for some crime ring…network, or some nonsense. John, the right dear, made sure I was okay and settled before telling me he was going abroad to “work through Sherlock’s death”. Two years later, he returns with an alive Sherlock and dating,” Mrs. Hudson huffed, “I swear these boys will be the death of me.”
tracked you during your little Network rampage. He never said anything because he assumed Fury knew because it was basically public England knowledge.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled, “Oh, Sherlock had found something of interest in the paper and took off,” she stated, taking a seat on the couch, “John rushed out after him, yelling that you would be arriving soon and that they didn’t have time,” Mrs. Hudson chuckled, “Thor hurried soon after yelling something about battle and Loki ran after
Loki walked out of the room. He looked more relieved after talking with Coulson, “You can take your Courted, Uncle,” Loki stated, “I can flash myself.”
“Quite the sum too,” Greg smiled, “I’ll just get John to get you up then,” with that said, Greg left.
This wasn’t how they expected things to go, but it is what it is and while John could easily move them all back, he’d rather not play tug of war with a building and S.H.I.E.L.D and Tony Stark on the other end. That would just become an endless loop and would just be quite tiresome and annoying. John took the mug Sherlock handed him. They shared a look and Sherlock just nodded, obviously coming to the same conclusion. They were in New York now. And they were just going to have to deal with it.
Fury massaged the bridge of his nose, “After all this…I want everything you have on this psychopath,” he stated.
the means to put his own daughter into place. I was not helping him. He created the mess that was Hela, he could clean it up. You’d think he’d learned his lesson. Nope,” John looked at Loki, “He almost messed up twice. Had Frigga not been involved, I think Loki would have been another Hela. Odin, once again, ignored my advice and warnings.”
Greg snorted, “You obviously underestimated Tony Stark when he wants something,” Greg stated, “He’s had the theory of moving full buildings with everyone and everything inside for
Thor looked down and handed his hammer to his uncle. John took it easily, “Eyes up,” Thor did so, “Now…” John tossed the hammer once before smacking his other nephew in the head with it, sending him flying into Stark Tower, “Was that so hard?”
John massaged the bridge of his nose before taking a deep breath, “Find somewhere to sit if you need to,” John stated.
John moved his hands around Loki’s head, “Odin is the youngest,” John stated, “Vili was the oldest and was to take the throne from our father. I was the second born, but I never held any interest in the throne.”
Fury nodded, “But first,” he stated, “I have a favor to ask of you,” John raised an eyebrow, “We had an Agent fall during Loki’s escape,” John tightened his hold on Loki, “While we thought he was dead, our doctors have actually been able to bring him back,” this got the Avengers’ attention, “But he’s been lost several more times and brought back. Would you be able to do anything?”
John combed Loki’s hair much more easily now, “There,” he stated, “Perfectly healthy,” John sent a deadpanned look at Mycroft, “You’re still here, why?”
“No,” Sherlock stated, “New York is under attack by aliens,” John went wide eyed, “And apparently Norse Mythology is real.”
Sherlock turned toward the call, raising his hand to shield his eyes from the late afternoon sunlight. The speaker, a Bajoran boy, clambered eagerly over heaped rubbish piles to reach him. He was slightly out of breath as he triumphantly handed over the small grey box he carried for inspection. Sherlock turned it over a few times until he found a panel on one side that slid free. A nearly-new biofilter lay inside.
“It’ll cost you.” Harry took a last puff from her cigarette before crushing it out on the metal arm of her chair.
True to her word, the Bajorans turned their backs, giving Sherlock a bit of privacy as he moved to the side of the transport truck. Gratefully he peeled off his filthy coveralls and exchanged them for the fresh clothing. The shirt was a bit short in the sleeves, but otherwise it all fit perfectly. Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief as he heaved his old things into the weeds, and rejoined the others.
“Oh, yes, like that, yes . . .” John voice hitched as Sherlock wrapped his hand around the gorgeous heft of his erection. Oh. Sherlock was unprepared for the feeling of completing a circuit, it fairly crackled over him as he tightened his grip to stroke, easing the foreskin back and forth. Each shudder through John’s body transmitted itself directly through Sherlock. He might as well be touching himself, each pass of his hand over John echoing in his own rapidly-filling cock. John jerked, gorgeous sounds spilling from his throat as he spilled over Sherlock’s fist. The intimacy of it rocked Sherlock to his core, holding John like this, seeing his face laid bare as he came. He held John’s cock protectively as it softened, unwilling to let it go just yet.
“You like that don’t you? Like having your arse stretched open?” Sherlock pitched his voice as low as it would go. “I have to tell you, I love seeing you like this, John. Completely under my control.”  Sherlock flicked the button that turned the vibrations on.
“Oh, what’s the point of having Wizards in the family if they can’t help you out when you need it,” Harry growled, folding her arms over her chest.
“Haven’t you been lonely in this big house by yourself?” John tipped his head to the side. He kept Sherlock’s hand curled warmly in his own, and Sherlock hoped he might never let go.
“No, it’s fine. I know all about pushy relatives. Nothing like a few aunties in your face to make you question all of your life choices.”
“I’d wish you good luck.” Mycroft turned to address John,“but it’s skill you’ll need more today. From what I saw of your abilities last summer though, you’ll have no problems passing. Just make sure you lift your back foot when you turn.”
“Oh, no, I think we could bend our plans for that,” John said. “Thanks, Mycroft . . . that’s good of you.”
Sherlock finally pulled his eyes off Victor to regard his companion more fully. It was true, he was gagging for it, his breathing coming heavy through a slightly parted mouth. He was a simple sort, a lanky, upper crust lad with soft brown hair flopped over one eye, bisexual like Victor, but unlike his friend, less in denial about his proclivities. He watched Sherlock with a hungry glint in his dark eyes.
Sherlock’s grandmother sat at a central table looking magnificent in a long white robe and ropes of pearls. John could see Philippe smiling at her side, and wondered if he were getting ready to ask her to marry him, or if she had turned him down earlier in the day. John smiled to himself, and reached for his wine again.
“Sodding Freak. Look what you did, ruining my best trousers. You fucking fairy!” Victor spat out, his handsome features twisted into something quite ugly as his voice climbed.
“Mmmm, beautiful man, my man,” Sherlock crooned in his ear, his fingers doing wicked things over John’s cock.
Sherlock wanted to protest that he and John certainly weren’t married, but they did share a bedroom. They did spend as much of their free time together as possible. Everything he did, he did with John in mind. They didn’t have anything official, but surely they were as committed to each other as people could be. But married? A Cardassian and a Bajoran?
John made his way to the hole behind the portrait, pushing it open to find Rhys in the corridor without, raking his fingers through his thick raven hair as he paced.
John must have fallen asleep again, as it was fully afternoon, bright light streaming in the window when he opened his eyes next. At first he looked around, wondering where Sherlock was, when the memory of the last day rolled over him. With a groan, John made himself get up and take a shower.
“John, it’s good to see you, though it isn’t ‘Professor’ anymore.” Lestrade leaned forward to shake John’s hand before slipping his arm around Mycroft. “I’ve a job at the Ministry these days. It turned out to be the only good way to see this one on a regular basis. I think we’re ready to announce it. We’re getting married in December.” The look he shot Mycroft was pure heat.  Mycroft simply melted under it in reply.
Sherlock nodded, and stepped down from the podium to nothing but the sound of the pennants rippling in the breeze, and someone coughing.  John dropped his omnioculars to the floor as he jumped to his feet to clap. His clapping rang out alone until Mycroft, and then finally a wave of weak applause joined in.
“Mmmm, Joooohn,” Sherlock growled in his ear. “I love seeing you like this. Falling apart. Just for me.”
“Naw, it’s not too bad.  Just a bit of a spill. I hit the back of my head when I went down, and I needed a lift home, but I’ll probably be walking just fine by tomorrow.” John quirked a smile. “I’m pretty tough.” He mimed rapping on his skull. “As my dad says, hard to keep a Watson down too long.”
“Teaching astrophysics at the Polytechnic College. Oh, Sherlock, it’s been an age. I worried about you  so . . . after the attacks. I heard your family went back to Cardassia Prime."
“Yes,” John breathed, and the two crawled under the blankets, Sherlock reaching out to douse the last light. In the dark, they came together again, a sweeter, slower exploration that left them both gasping and shuddering before they collapsed against each other to sleep.
Sherlock left to find them cups of punch, and John helped himself to a cracker with something fishy on it, when he turned about and found Mycroft looking even more formal than usual behind him.
When Sherlock reached for a tube of lubricant and slicked their aching cocks, gathering them side by side in his long, lovely hand, John thought he might pass out. It was glorious, beyond words. John let go, tipping over into oblivion as this man coaxed bliss from him. Sherlock stroked himself to completion, as John held him, still amazed that he was able to do this. Touching this man, watching him as he fell apart, it was almost too much.
“Yes, we could check that one out too if you like,” Sherlock said. “It should function much the same.”
“Alright, Spock.” The side of John’s mouth tipped up, but he let Sherlock think in peace at the kitchen table until the meal was ready.
“Sherlock, how’s it going?” Kira mock punched his shoulder as he sat, her good mood obviously expansive enough to include him.
“Hey Holmes, it is you! Fancy that!” Anderson slapped him jovially on the shoulder. “How the hell are you?”
going on. There were altogether enough idiots in the universe as far as he was concerned. Pairs of them getting together to replicate MORE stupidity to inflict on right-thinking people hardly held merit.
Once John had rubbed all of the kinks out of Sherlock’s back, and Sherlock had rubbed several interesting new kinks into John’s feet, the two men fell into a deep, contented sleep. Early the next morning, John awoke with a sense of deja vu.
“FARID, what is this?” A heavy-set woman demanded in Dari, poking her head out from the flat’s kitchen. Her mouth formed a perfect O of surprise when she spotted her strange visitors.
“Here, I’ve one last favor.” Sherlock handed her his phone. “Toss this into a rubbish incinerator, will you?”
Sherlock simply nodded at him as he climbed in, conscious that refusal wasn’t an option. Of course Mycroft’s smug face waited to greet him from the car’s cushy interior.
“Meanwhile on the other side of the kingdom, there lived a small hobbit who was not quite the same as the other hobbits. You see this hobbit had left the shire and gone to battle some years ago, and it had left scars on his body, but even deeper scars on his soul that no one could see. It made a divide between himself and his kinfolk so that even when he returned home . . .”
“Gant, this is Kira. We’re detecting an anomaly in the force field. Watson and Holmes and I are close enough to make a visual inspection. You might want to send a tech to follow up.”
“I decided to take a little dip in the pond while completely pissed it seems.” John raked his fingers back through his hair.  “If Alastaire hadn’t seen me, I’d probably be sleeping with the fishes about now.”
“Well then, you don’t need us,” John agreed, affecting another large yawn. “Alright, good night all!”
“Just tell me one thing, Sherlock Holmes.” John swallowed at the lump forming in his throat, his grip tightening on Sherlock’s hand. “Look me in the eye and tell me that you don’t care for me, and I won’t bother you again. I’ll find another place to stay when we get back to uni. I won’t darken your door again.”
“Where did you learn to . . .” Sherlock cut himself off. “No, sorry . . .” He realized intellectually that it was highly unlikely John had spent their years apart being celibate. Still, it didn’t mean he wanted to hear the details.
John resigned himself to being wingman, following along as Sherlock dragged them from coffee shop to bookstore to art gallery.  At least John was able to grab a cuppa and a scone for lunch from one of the spots they visited. As the day wore on to evening, John had to admit that detective work wasn’t terribly glamorous.
“John, since I’ll have you there as my date, I’m sure I don’t need to worry about that.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly.
“I didn’t mean to pry.” John slammed the drawer closed with a whump, knowing his face was turning red.
Later that night, curled up with John in bed, Sherlock hummed in contentment. He was just about to drift off to sleep when it suddenly occurred to him that he hadn’t thought about his cold cases all day. And he didn’t even mind.
“You best watch those Jorie bastards,” the man said, cutting his eyes toward the teens. He didn’t even bother to drop his voice. “Drunkards, and thieves, up to no good.”
“I shot a Cardassian soldier while he was napping once. Blew him away before he even knew what hit him.”  John’s voice rose from somewhere near Sherlock’s chest. “I’m not proud of it, but I did what I had to do. It was me or him.”
“Erm . . .” John blew out a breath. He stepped back, ran a hand through his hair as he looked to the floor.
John looked up to see Victor and Sherlock moving their way with drinks, heads and shoulders above much of the crowd, looking like a panther and a snow leopard parting the sheep.
The man moved to the bathroom, and Sherlock let his eyes close, relaxing as he listened to the sounds of his “bedwarmer” turning on the taps and moving things about in the next room.
Sherlock generally spent his mornings online, surfing the net, looking for information or supplies that might help them, He’d also begun leading a computer tech class in the evenings for those interested. Between the two, his time was mostly his own, though he generally did whatever John needed of him
Sherlock couldn’t help himself, he leaned down to lay a kiss to John’s forehead. “Go on, be a good boy and eat your fruit, and I’ll have a treat for you afterwards.”
The others around the table greeted him as he moved to the replicator to get himself a cup. He returned with one for himself and another that he placed in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock could see the confusion on his students’ faces, but that was alright. At least no one was looking smug any longer.
Washed and dressed, John felt slightly more human by the time he made it downstairs. Sherlock was dressed in his usual pyjama bottoms and old, stretched-out tee shirt, leaning against the sink, sipping thoughtfully from a cup.  He gestured toward another steaming cup on the countertop. John grunted in reply and reached for it gratefully. He blew over the hot surface, sipping it down like it was manna from heaven. As John’s head cleared, he managed some rudimentary conversation.
When John returned from using the bathroom, his roommate had vanished again, leaving the covers in a tangle. John felt it was only considerate of him to make the bed, and he tugged everything back into place before hurrying off for a quick bite and his first class of the morning.
John felt suddenly horribly tired, tired of everything, and the idea of getting back for a quiet soak in the tub of the prefect’s bathroom sounded beyond appealing.  “Look, thanks everyone, this was lovely, but I think I’d like to be alone for awhile. Maybe go take a bath.”
John couldn’t help the small frisson that ran up his spine at watching Sherlock pick up a flogger in his elegant fingers, snapping it against the bed with a dull thwack.
“Thank the Prophets,” John sighed, and Sherlock nodded, at a loss for words. John swept Sherlock into his arms, holding him tight before he had to release him when Mrs. Watson stepped inside.
“See you boys in a moment.” She moved in to drop a quick kiss to her husband’s cheek before getting out of the car.
“JOHN! JOHN!” Mrs. Watson moved in, dropping to her knees by the pair now still on the ground. Sherlock hurried to join her. To their immense relief, John rolled the inert form of the gardener off of him and sat up, unharmed.
Dom made a rude noise, and dug into the paper sack for a large shortbread finger. He took a bite, and held the bag open to Owen across the train compartment.
“Come here.” Sherlock crooked his finger and John scooted closer to let him unroll the latex over his really rather impressively flushed erection.
Sherlock rippled his spine, arching up into John, returning the kisses that landed on his mouth with fervor. John reached down to sink his fingers into the curve of that plump arse that had tempted him so many times earlier. God, every time the man bent over he had . . . thoughts.
“Yes, please, I’m dying for some fresh air.” Sherlock nearly shivered at the notion of getting out of the caves and back into the light of day.
“Ooh, brilliant.” Irene leaned across John toward Sherlock. “You can let the study group know what we can expect then.”
“Of course, Mycroft.” Sherlock struggled to keep his tone level as he pulled his eyes from John to answer. “I’d never miss it.”
They managed to place the glasses back to the floor, open the drain and clamber out of the slippery tub without hurting themselves. Warm, fluffy white towels waited on a nearby heated bar, and John grabbed one to wrap around Sherlock before pulling one down for himself. The hair on Sherlock’s body had turned darker with the water, such a contrast with the paleness of his skin. John had to marvel as he watched him run the towel over his limbs.
They spent a few minutes examining it for clues until John gave up, “It’s just a normal Monopoly Chance card. What does it mean?”
“Ta, Mycroft.” John took the magnifiers with a grateful nod. He placed them to his eyes, and whispered “Find me Sherlock.” The magic lenses zoomed right in on the Ravenclaw moving in to take his own place on the rows of chairs before the stage. As if he could feel John’s eyes, Sherlock turned and ran his gaze over the stands. John waved wildly, feeling a bit silly, but the smile that broke across Sherlock’s face as he found John was ample reward. Sherlock lifted a hand briefly in reply.
They’d had some rows. Blistering, epic rows. John had been furious when an experiment of Sherlock’s had filled the flat with acrid black smoke, or when Sherlock had thrown out all of John’s old pants to replace them with a newer, more expensive variety. “Jesus, Sherlock, next time ASK FIRST, alright?” John would stomp off to the pub, and return hours later, walking slightly crooked, but calmer. They’d always climb into bed to apologize, and things would seem better in the morning.
John sighed and found his bags on the floor stuffed willy nilly with his clothes. He grabbed them, doing a very rudimentary sorting to refill the drawers.
Again, all the thanks to ChrisCalledMeSweetie for some FABULOUS beta work at a turn-around time almost faster than the speed of light.
John sneaked glances at the others sat around the table, and tried to pick the right spoon from the display of cutlery next to his plate.  The dining room was a huge, drafty place, and the Holmes-Blackwell family and their guests only took up only a small portion of the long table that lay in the center of it. John tried smiling at the blonde girl sat across from him, but she merely ignored him to spoon up her soup.
“Yeah, what . . .” John managed to gasp, his cock throbbing between his legs, his whole system aching for the direction they were obviously speeding toward.
After a moment, when the worst had receded, John allowed Sherlock to help him to his feet. John tested his weight, and found that thankfully he could still walk. They set off at a slower pace, Sherlock watching him like a hawk until John growled at him that he wasn’t completely incompetent.
“You knew when you met me that I consulted with the Met. I told you I went to London.” Sherlock’s face had slid into an expressionless mask.
John’s heart sank when his owl returned the next day with the same scroll still attached. Simpson nipped his ear affectionately when John pulled the message off as if to apologize for Sherlock’s rudeness.
John was pouring water into two cups when Mrs. Hudson returned, frowning as she listened to the phone pressed to her ear.
John debated letting Sherlock know he was coming. In the end, the decided to leave it as a glorious surprise. He knew Sherlock would probably have to work part of his visit, but any time together was better than nothing. John felt ready to burst by the time classes ended on Friday, and he could finally get away. He’d gotten permission from Professor Pinworthy to leave school, and traded prefect duties to have the weekend free and clear. John had only a sketchy idea where Sherlock’s new flat was, but he had an address, and that was good enough to be going on with. John could hardly believe it, but it looked like Operation Sherlock was actually happening!
“Ok. It’s just . . .  Sherlock, can we please come up with some positions that don’t require me to stand through ALL of my orgasms?”
Prophets it couldn’t be. Not after all this time, but it was. It was Watson John in the flesh, older, heavier, but John all the same.
“Aha.”  Sherlock’s fingers landed on a button set flush with the curve of the metal. One side of the cylinder slid open. A number of things lay inside stacked neatly on the shelves within, but it was the mobile at eye-height that grabbed his attention first.
After John was well scrubbed, and changed into a soft tee shirt and jeans, he braved the battle zone of the kitchen again. Sherlock was still hard at work on his conconctions, but John managed to sidle around him, rummaging in the fridge for some leftover Chinese food, a couple of apples, and a can of lemonade.
“No, it’s fine. This situation would wear on anyone.” Sherlock reached out and placed a hand over John’s free one by his plate.
“Well, you’re a feisty one,” John panted. He let loose a high-pitched giggle that wove through Sherlock’s deeper chuckles. “Is this what you normally do in bed?”
Several armed guards moved aside to allow a short round woman draped in purple and orange robes, wearing a brimless maroon hat with a veil trailing down her back to greet them. Her ears were left uncovered, the right one framed in a set of earrings connected by several decorated chains swinging between them.
“This is your room?” John glanced about at the framed prints, a tall armoire and the massive four poster bed and had to laugh. “It looks like something out of a museum.”
“Oops, pardon,” she said, scurrying around them. “Damion, come on.” She scolded the smaller one crossly, tugging on his arm. “We’ll miss the portkey if you don’t hurry up.”
‘But there are no hobbits for miles and miles from here. Few people have even seen a hobbit, they never leave their shire. I felt certain no one would be able to read . . .’
Irene Adler finds herself prowling through a sex club looking for someone interesting. Sometimes you find the most interesting people in the least likely of places.
“Yes, hang on, let’s not forget my date .  . .” Sherlock turned, gesturing to John behind him, taking it all in with a grin on his face.
“Well, I do have internet access, and I make it back to London on occasion. Beekeeping isn’t all that I do. I’m a consulting detective.  New Scotland Yard contacts me when they’re out of their depths, which happens really quite frequently.”
Sherlock hesitated as they stepped inside Holmes Manor with the first load. He shifted the box in his arms, glancing nervously up the staircase before returning his gaze to John.
“No. Best leave it. Less chance for problems.” John sighed, glancing up the table where Alastaire was busy gabbing away gesturing to a small audience.
“I found that it wasn’t without merit . . .” Sherlock tented his long fingers like a great spider over his desk, tapping them lightly against the wood. “Discussing things with others can help me sort it in my own mind.”
“Mycroft doesn’t count. He’s seven years older than I am, so he had an unfair advantage for the first few years of my life, and after that he started cheating.”
When time was called, they won, they’d actually won, 3 - 2. The team went wild, jumping up and down, yelling. Someone lifted a bucket of ice and threw it into the air.  John found himself clutched in a group of screaming lads when he turned and saw Sherlock on the sidelines, his face blazing bright.
, gifts.”  The cupboard obligingly opened to allow several wrapped boxes to soar across the room and land on the duvet.
They lay together, sipping wine, letting the heat and fragrant bubbles uncoil any tension from their muscles, the upheavals of the morning slipping far away.
They made love, simply, slowly, swapping kisses, and sliding hands until a shuddering orgasm rolled over each of them once again.
Sherlock watched John retreat somewhat wistfully. Once he’d left, the bath lost a good bit of its appeal. Since the water had started to cool anyway, Sherlock pulled the plug, and rose from the water, snagging the towel as he stepped out. After running the towel around to dry off, he moved to the cabinet, finding some pyjamas in various sizes, folded on the shelf. He picked a pair that looked as if they’d fit the best though they were only slightly too short on him and topped them with the plush white dressing gown he found folded beside. After another cursory swipe of the towel to blot the water from his wet hair, Sherlock opened the door to return to the bedroom, curious what John was up to.
“What about me? Am I one of your least annoying cousins too?” The youngest of the group spoke up, a girl who looked on the verge of puberty with her curly brown hair caught back by a band.
“Well, that isn’t 100 % is it, Mycroft? I could be wrong. Just give me a little more time. I want to know I’ve tied all the loose ends before I go."
It had been several days since Sherlock had come to bed when John was still awake, and his skin cried out for his touch. They wrapped limbs together, touching, patting, smoothing, marveling at having the other near. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck and breathed him in.
Sherlock carried him carefully down the hall, pushing open the door to reveal a corner room with windows on two walls, and a huge plush bed covered in fat, colourful pillows. He set John down in the center as though he were infinitely fragile, crawling in beside him, to pull him up against his body. They lay together, breathing in each other’s combined scent, just enjoying the wonder of skin on skin, and the nearness of their beloved.
Waiting was the worst part Mycroft reminded himself as his mind began to lash at him like an untrained dog. He wouldn’t beg. He promised himself whatever was to follow, he would not give them what they wanted, and he wouldn’t plead for his life. What would be, would be.
“But Mum, you’re old . . .” John realized that perhaps this wasn’t the best of things to say right after it left his mouth.
“Oh, good. You’ve made up then. Fighting is awful isn’t it, but the make-up sex is almost worth it.”
John knocked on her half-open door, waiting to hear a “puede venir” before pushing his way into the brightly-decorated office.
“Ta,” John said. He accepted it to take a small sip, and winced. He hadn’t realized it would be quite so alcoholic.
So sorry it was three months since my last update! Real life - meh. I hate when it gets in the way of fic writing! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“Mummy probably had an assistant pick it out. It’s not really her style.” Sherlock lifted an eyebrow. “We have a few minutes before we need to wash though. Perhaps we might find something to do with our free time . . .” He trailed off as he lay back, stretching himself luxuriantly across the confetti-strewn sheets like a birthday gift waiting to be opened.
“No, this is fantastic, Sherlock, really. Anything helps.” John moved to take a seat on one of the nearby cushions, easily crossing his legs to settle in. He pulled the warming blanket closer, tucking it around his feet to encase all of him. The cover looked to be doing its job. John’s pale cheeks were already gaining some colour.
His dark-haired dream hissed, leaning over John until he’d caught his equilibrium, then he was moving, taking his pleasure from John as he rocked slowly back and forth. John reached up blindly and caught hold of the man’s thighs, groaning as the bliss built over him.
“Well, it’s from back in the day when homosexuality was punishable by death, and they used to flash the lights red as a warning when the coppers showed up - telling everyone to get out if they didn’t want a beheading.”
“I’m not a child.” Sherlock folded his arms over his chest, wincing only slightly at the pull on sunburnt skin. “I . . . we  don’t require a minder.” He glanced back at John who did his best to give an encouraging smile.
“I am well aware of precisely how much time you require. I have made a detailed study of it. We have 45 minutes remaining before midnight. That is more than sufficient. Enough talk.” Sherlock had decided to put his mouth to a grander purpose than continuing this debate.
“I know, it was bloody awful.” Mike nodded. “I think valence shell electron pair repulsion theory must be the devil’s own work.”
The light had faded outside during their meal, leaving the glow of the candle to dance alluringly over Sherlock’s remarkable features. His pale blue eyes looked almost luminous over the hollows of his ridiculous cheekbones.
“So modest too.” Teddy reached around Owen to grab the marmalade when the other boy had finished with it. He turned to offer it to Victoire at his other side, but she wrinkled her nose and waved it off.
“What?” John said pushing up to one elbow, feeling like he was underwater. He blinked stupidly, waiting for his brain to catch up.  “What the hell, Sherlock?”
“Oh, God, I don’t care about that. Hello, you.” John reached up and slipped a hand around Sherlock’s nape, urging Sherlock’s mouth down to his own.
Sherlock had lifted his lip in a sneer when they’d arrived to find another family had arrived to join them for dinner - the Goyles. The father was a thick-necked thing, but at least his two daughters took after their more-attractive mother. John recognized the younger one from school. Zara Goyle was a year below John in Slytherin. She nodded hello at introductions, but had yet to address anything directly to John afterwards. He could almost see her desire to be rude to him tempered by the fact that she remembered he was a prefect, and could make things difficult for her at school if he wished. The older girl, Tamsin, was sat across from Sherlock, and his mum had been extolling the two girls’ virtues to him throughout the dinner.
When John woke next to full daylight, Sherlock was gone again. Disappointed, John got up, used the loo, and found clothes, selecting nicer things than he normally would for a day knocking about the house. If he were truly honest with himself, John was girding himself, preparing for battle before meeting the impossibly attractive Victor again.
She popped some bread into the toaster, and turned around, leaning against the countertop to better regard him.
Owen’s great idea involved a bottle of firewhiskey, a bottle of red currant rum, and two bottles of Bungbarrel Spiced Mead.
In an instant, Sherlock had popped up from the kitchen table where he’d been sitting to move toward his bedroom. His eyes remained glued to his laptop as he stumbled to his bed, groping in the bedside table for a tube of lubricant he kept there.  Sherlock drank in the sight of the writhing Omega pistoning several fingers into his sopping wet hole as he shucked his pants and trousers to lay down on his bed.
John was happy when they finally reached the exit, crawling back into the wind, and the great expanse of sky and ocean stretching away before them. Sherlock kept their walk to a sedate pace as they made their way back along the stone-covered beach to the staircase. The idea of crossing the nudist area again kept John going as he limped onward, but the bathers seemed to be done for the day. Most had cleared out and the few left had donned clothes as they packed up.
Sarah was just as pleased to see John, and the two licked at each other’s faces in delight as Sarah’s handler laughed.
It was much easier to find their way across the field, climb between the deactivated wires, and walk through the corridor between the walls by daylight. The view of the ocean was no less spectacular for a second viewing.
Dr. Callum showed up sometime later with his wife, Anika, an East Asian woman with silver in her hair. John shook hands all around, and proudly introduced Sherlock. The night became a whirl after that of meeting people, and trying to remember faces and names.
“OY. Not that again.” Teddy groaned. “How much do I need to pay you lot to never mention that again?”
John hummed a contented sound as Sherlock tugged him into place, still seeming more rag doll than human.  Sherlock squeezed him tight, breathing in the smell of his hair, his throat suddenly feeling tight. When he could speak again, he said in a remarkably steady tone, “Well, that seems like an experiment that bears repeating.”
Sherlock had such odd sleep habits, but when he slept, he slept hard. By the time John had moved to click the lamp off and settled back down, Sherlock had already drifted off and turned to wrap most of the blankets over himself.
“Well, thank you, it’s like Christmas come early.” John smiled broadly, and Sherlock did blush that time.
Sherlock focused on finishing his food after John had left, purposely not glancing around at the other Bajorans in the room. They all tolerated his presence in the camp, John saw to that, but it didn’t stop the disapproving looks shot their way if they shared affection in public. When he’d finished his tea and porridge, he stacked his dishes in the dirties bin, and made his way upstairs to the learning center.
“Well, young Sherlock. I’m looking forward to talking with you in the hot room. I find people are always such better conversationalists when they’re relaxed.”
“Wow, this is ace!” John called out opening the fridge to find it fully stocked with food and drinks.  A pair of lanky arms worked their way around John as a tall body squashed up along his backside.  It was an odd contrast, cold air in front, and sweet heat pressed behind.
“Look, can you two magic your way home or something?” She leaned close to whisper. “Clara’s asked me back to hers, and I want to get going.”
John kissed his shoulder in apology and slicked his hand with the come which was decorating Sherlock’s stomach and chest. He closed it around Sherlock’s cock, and the wail that Sherlock made in response made John very glad they were the only people on the island. Sherlock fucked up into his hand and less than a minute later he was arching up off of the ground and adding to the mess on his stomach.
“Well, there are some deep pockets here tonight, and I for one, am happy to discuss the funding that the Polytechnic College could still use.”
“Ah, well there’s always food service jobs if we can’t pass orgo.” Irene grimaced, sliding her bag under her chair.
“We need to warn the others,” Sherlock said, placing a calming hand to John’s shoulder. He moved past him to flip open the console box mounted by the door.  The screen woke to life as Sherlock’s fingers flew over the keypad. “Damn, they’ve disabled the main system,” Sherlock growled.
“I didn't want to." Sherlock shook his head. "I was always on the side of the Resistance. I had no choice. You need to believe me.”
Sherlock’s feet were pinched and hurting, his dress shoes had never been meant for extended walking. It occurred to him that Mummy had been so pleased when he’d agreed to wear them, and his thoughts swept into a whirlwind wondering what had happened to her, his family, the house. He’d hardly been thinking of anything other than putting one foot in front of the other as they walked. John sighed as he stretched out his legs beside him.
Sherlock resigned himself to being squished alternately between Furel and John as the truck swung back and forth. He felt grateful that it had been some hours since he’d last eaten anything.
“You’re like a great housecat.”  The Little Hobbit smiled scratching him behind an ear flap. The dragon rumbled out something like a deep purr in reply, and the Hobbit laughed in delight.
A tunnel with a running shuttle between the farm and the Resistance Cell had been set up, but it was only an hour walk by foot, all of it on a path by the river.
Sherlock felt the exact moment that John registered Galen’s presence. He tensed, straightening to stand taller.
“Completely shielded from Muggles,” Sherlock confirmed. John nodded and pulled out his wand as well to summon a pitcher of juice and two glasses from the kitchen to follow.
The week had brought a few milestones. John had interviewed at the surgery in Eastbourne that was looking for another GP. He’d been offered the part-time position, just as Sherlock had predicted. It wasn’t a flashy job by any means, but anything that pulled John farther away from the pit of feeling useless he’d fallen into with his injury was a good thing.
Of course Sherlock was one of the first to finish, looking elegant as he stalked up to the front of the room to drop his exam on the professor’s desk. He had on dark jeans that did magnificent things for his arse, and a crisp, white button up shirt rolled neatly to his elbows.
Finding no allies, Sherlock allowed himself grudgingly to be pulled away by his insufferable brother.
“Oh, love. I don’t know what the hell I’m doing either. We’ll work it out together as we go along, right?”
John chuckled, tugging Sherlock’s curls to draw his head back so they could gaze into each other’s eyes.
"None of the puzzles, trials, challenges, whatever this has been, have been simple. Or at least not simple enough for a wild guess."
“John, tidal pools? You don’t mind do you?” Sherlock looked his way belatedly, eyes widened guilelessly.
“I had no idea.” Sherlock felt a wave of shame washing over him. “John, are you hungry? I can get you food.”
“Ah, good morning, brother dear.” Mycroft turned to face him. “Your new paramour and I were just getting acquainted.” A smarmy smile slid over his face as he raised his eyebrows
John looked on, smiling, as Sherlock hung over the edge to retrieve his laptop from somewhere under the bed. He plumped up a pillow behind him as he sat against the headboard, waiting as Sherlock fired up the device.
Something hot and sharp flared in John’s stomach at that. It wasn’t as if John hadn’t been pining for Sherlock all these months apart himself. Still the idea of Sherlock far from home, alone and hurting sent an ache through John He literally itched to reach out and touch Sherlock, pulling him close to comfort him. John flexed his fingers in response.
“We just needed a little queer eye for the straight guy, huh?” The city boy said, Rupert, John recalled his name, the one he’d been stuck chatting with at the rehearsal dinner.
John bit his lip, adjusting to the pressure, mmm good, as fingers returned to his arse, pushing in, rocking, rocking. The pleasure washed over him but his shoulder was starting to shake holding his weight. John felt a whine building behind his teeth.
“Sherlock . . . I  . . . I’m not sure when I’m going to be able to see you again. I can’t sneak in like this again. Mum was furious when she saw me here.”
“Of course, ma’am.” John didn’t so much sit as allow the overstuffed seat to envelope him. One of the cushions purred as he settled back.
“Here, take this.” Sherlock handed her a large box to carry. Shouldering the last of the bags, he pushed the button to seal the trunk door closed.
There was nothing for it then, but for Sherlock to borrow Mrs. Watson’s brolly, and head back out into the wet to fetch donuts while John started the tea in the kitchenette. Sherlock thought he’d done well as he crossed the street, keeping the box of baked goods well sheltered under the umbrella, but just as he stepped over the kerb a large lorry careened by, sluicing a wave of water over his legs.
John blew out a breath. “No, I get it. I do. I’m not sure I could say good-bye to you in front of other people either.”
John looked a question at him, but of course Sherlock gave nothing away. John turned back to mouth up his fruit, chasing a few of the grapes around the plate before he managed to catch them.
“No worries, mate. You’ll do fine. I had a cousin, left a whole braid behind when she apparated for the test, and they still passed her.”
Though the Vauxhall was several years old, it had a nice, clean smell when he slid into the driver’s seat.  John turned the key, pleased to hear the roar of the engine as it engaged. He ran his hands over the steering wheel, getting acquainted with his new purchase. They’d already driven it around the corner and back, but a chance to hit the open road felt invigorating. John revved the engine and near giggled.
“They were giving out door prizes at Madame Puddifoot’s and I won.” Victoire worked an envelope out of her pocket.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock found himself replying automatically as a thin trickle of fear unspooled along his spine.
“Urrgh, ‘m sorry, dinna mean . . .”  John scrubbed a hand over his face, trying to wake up properly.
Sherlock mumbled something about being late, and extricated himself from Irene to dash away. John watched the swirl of his coat as he navigated the exiting students to slip out the door. Gwen looked somewhat put out at losing Irene’s full attention, and Irene turned to make it up to her, smooching at her neck until Gwen giggled.
“Yeah, great.” John followed Sherlock, trying vainly not to stare at his arse the entire time and failing horribly.
There was a hush in the cold night air as they crunched over the gravel to the front door, a sharp sliver of moon hanging overhead. Sherlock pulled out the key, and let them into the warmth of the foyer.
Sherlock was silent, “No, I think you covered everything,” he stated, “While I would prefer to stay in London, I’d rather not be watched from the sky or something worse than Mycroft.”
“Has been flushing our toilet for the past thirty minutes,” Sherlock stated, “Would someone please pull him away?”
Sherlock pouted slightly. Loki chuckled while John rolled his eyes, “I’ll let you mess with my sword, Love. How about that?” John stated, “Nothing on Midgard can harm it.”
“Much better than I expected to be honest,” Mrs. Hudson stated, “Sherlock is usually one to only believe logic. He, as he put it, deleted all emotion. I think it was like pulling teeth for John to get that man to admit to himself that he loved him,” Mrs. Hudson sighed, “So the fact that he’s just rolling with this is both shocking, but also sweet. Sherlock actually cares greatly for John if he can just ignore all the logic that he clings to.”
“Thank you Thor’s other friend,” John said, “I will learn all your names later. Now, Thor, why in heaven’s name did you, for
Thor bit his lip, “Somewhere out there,” Clint answered, pointing to the still dead silent and frozen New York.
the groceries hurrying to Sherlock’s side, staring at the TV. His eyes darkened, “Sherlock,” he said calmly, “If I said I needed to make a trip, would you want to come?”
, that if I had taken the throne, I would have joined them. Hela was only ten Asgard years,” Sherlock looked neutral, but then again, Moriarty, they’re pretty sure, did the same thing, “After the funerals, my passing the throne formally to Odin, and his Coronation, I introduced my brother to my friend and fellow magic user, Lady Frigga, and then I completely disappeared. I wanted no more to do with the nonsensical wars my brother was causing.
“Congrats, you’re already better at information gathering than this Spy Network,” Sherlock drawled, “Do not say nonsensical things. Ask what you want.”
John walked into 221B with hands full of groceries, “Sherlock-” John cut himself off when he saw the detective staring at the TV with actual interest, “Please don’t tell me there’s another serial killer out and about.”
Sherlock nodded and stood up, “Thor,” John looked at his oldest nephew, “You may stay and see your friend for a few hours, but you are to return to my residence before dinner, understood?”
Sherlock watched as Steve and Clint paced back and forth. Sherlock, along with Tony, were waiting for them to collide. They almost did multiple times. Bruce was sitting in a chair, fidgeting with the long sleeves of the sweater he wore and Thor and Natasha stood by a wall talking softly. Sherlock looked at Tony as he cleared his throat. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, “Yes?” he asked.
.  I’ve never liked war,” Sherlock made a face and John chuckled, “I may fight in it, Sherlock, and I
“I should be going,” Frigga stated, “Very nice to meet you two,” she looked at Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, “Given what knowledge I’ve picked up,” he stated, “John’s nephew mentioned someone named Barton was under the same thing,” Sherlock noticed Fury’s eye glance over at Clint almost too quick to pick up, but Sherlock is trained in this sort of thing, “And he’s here, obviously not handcuffed and he obviously did several criminal acts as well. So why would I allow you to do to my boyfriend’s nephew what you’re obviously not doing with your own people?”
“I traveled Midgard,” John continued, “I never set foot in Asgard again until Frigga found me centuries later. She has always been able to find me. She then invited me to her and my brother’s wedding. And by invite, I mean she dragged me there by my god damn ear,” Sherlock snorted, “Once there, all that I feared would be caused by the wars, came to being. Hela…was a downright
Once John pulled Sherlock from bed, Thor and Loki were on either side of Mrs. Hudson, who was shakily holding a cup of tea, on the couch. Greg had seated himself on the coffee table and Sherlock huffed as he plopped himself in his chair. John also looked a bit displeased as he sat down, “Explain, Lestrade,” Sherlock stated, “Its barely been five days since the attack on New York. How is this possible?”
Frigga hummed, smiling, “Always important in a relationship,” she stated, “How long have they been courting?”
John groaned as ringing filled the room. Sherlock grunted beside him, pulling himself away from his boyfriend, “Your phone,” he mumbled, pulling his pillow over his head.
Sherlock just stared out the window for what felt like hours before he groaned and fell back against his pillow and pulled John’s over his face. It was too early (London and New York time) for this shit, “I know you’re still on the line, Lestrade,” Sherlock lifted the pillow slightly, “You have five minutes to get here and explain before you have John and Mrs. Hudson on your arse,” Sherlock turned as the door to the room opened.
Loki groaned before turning as Sherlock walked in, “I think Mrs. Hudson is either making tea or fainted on the floor,” he stated before looking at Loki as he sat up, “Oh, hello. I see you’re awake.”
John chuckled, “Suppose we may want to thank Mycroft for that,” he stated, “Now, back to what I was saying before, Love. Did I miss anything important on the list? Now that Fury
healing her husband, “One would think you’d have learned to listen to your brother, Dear,” she stated.
“Because Romanoff and Barton had a mission there,” Greg stated, “Apparently the building you blew up was right next to where their mission was.”
him. You could have motherfucking asked him!” finally John magically closed the door to the section Fury was yelling from.
John stared at the spot that his friend once was before walking into the kitchen, “Uncle,” John looked at Thor, “I…wanted to request a favor. Since I’ll be staying here on Midgard for a while.”
Sherlock gave his brother an annoyed look. Mycroft ignored his brother and walked in, “Were you going to tell us?” Mycroft asked.
“And this is why I love you, Love,” everyone looked as John stood with Loki, “You take no bullshit from anyone.”
“Mycroft was where I thought he was going to have issues as he had increased his number of men watching you,” Greg stated, “And honestly, I don’t think Fury told him anything,” Sherlock smirked a little, “I reckon Mycroft got a nasty wake up call.”
Sherlock didn’t answer as a flush was heard. John deadpanned while Loki facepalmed, “THOR ODINSON!” John yelled.
“Knowing Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson stated, “He originally found something easy for him that wouldn’t take more than an hour, but then they will probably run into something much, much higher on Sherlock’s Interesting Scale and he’ll forget the first thing he was doing and the reason he was out in the first place. The new case will have John’s own morals take over and he’ll forget why he was trying to get Sherlock back home. Loki will probably be a mix of the two and completely forget as well, or remind them of your arrival. I don’t particularly know him or his brother very well. Thor, quite honestly, probably forgot your arrival as soon as he ran out the door,” Frigga chuckled and nodded, “So, I’d give them arriving back by dinner and seeing you before panicking. Or, of course, Loki may remind them and they’ll be here in an hour or so.”
John sighed, but Loki snorted before yelping as his uncle yanked hard with the brush. John smirked, “What did you want, Mycroft?” he asked.
Frigga nodded, “I will question him,” she took the cube, “Take care, Vé,” she used the cube to return to Asgard.
Sherlock snorted, “I suppose that explains why I never found more cameras in the flat after I became internationally famous,” he smirked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Just because I love John does not mean my mind is going to be illogical,” he stated, “I state my deductions on what information I have. John has yet to show me that his knowledge and skills have been matched. So, therefore, I must conclude that the Agent’s chances are quite high.”
John stood up and sat back in his seat. Fury stormed back in, “Didn’t even know of Moriarty,” he muttered before stopped beside them, “Are you certain this man is dead?”
John and Sherlock both raised an eyebrow, “You would have to move this entire building, Mrs. Hudson,
John raised an eyebrow, “I’m not leaving my boyfriend,” he stated, “He’s already tried to commit suicide once.”
“Bore,” Sherlock stated, “Most are probably fans trying to get your paranoia up so they can see you more in your “uniform”, but because you have a public girlfriend, they have to find other ways to do so.”
“Hello boys,” Mrs. Hudson smiled as she discarded, “Dinner should be ready shortly. Your mother is an absolute
The elderly lady smiled, “I’ll make sure the press and possible clients are pushed away,” she walked away.
Loki smiled softly, “It’s been…confusing,” Loki admitted, “But everyone I’ve met so far appears to be understanding.”
John smiled softly. Loki would have a lot of guilt. But that’s why he wasn’t setting foot on Asgard for a while.
John sighed, “I’ll look her up and see if we can’t find her phone number,” he stated, “She’ll have to wait till Fury decides to move us or not.”
John glared before smirking as Greg yelped and loudly fell down the stairs. John looked at his calm nephew, “What?” Loki asked, innocently.
Frigga smiled. She adored this woman. She barely even recognized she’s a queen from another world, “I don’t believe I have,” Frigga stated, “How do you play?”
mess,” Thor winced, but took his hammer, “Then you, your friends, and probably whatever government higher up invites themselves
look dead to you?!” John tried to hold in his laughs, Tony didn’t and was practically rolling on the floor, “Do you even look at the internet? Or the  motherfucking  paper?!” Sherlock smirked as he listened while his boyfriend was having a
“I’m already here, Sherlock,” Greg hung up the phone, “Now if you would kindly get out of bed, I’ll gladly explain.”
in it,” John closed his eyes and took a deep breath, “I tried to warn my father and brothers, but they heard none of it. I have no proof nor did I see it myself, but I’m fairly certain Hela killed my father and Vili. And I have no
Frigga chuckled, “Oh, I know the feeling,” she slowly sipped her tea, “How has Sherlock dealt with all this?”
“I could possibly ask Frigga to ask Heimdall about him when she comes to see her sons tomorrow,” John stated, “And yes, she will be taking the Tesseract with her.”
Frigga hummed, smiling, “I see,” she stated, “Then, I do believe, I will get quite the entertainment later. What do you suggest we do in the meantime?”
“Just Norse Mythology,” John replied, “Though, you messed up relationships and other shit after a century or two. Frigga would murder my brother if he even looked at another woman.”
John nodded and waited until Loki disappeared in a green shimmer. John smiled to himself before grabbing Sherlock’s hand, “Dinner, no later, Nephew,” John warned.
“You literally just had to smack your brother?” Tony asked, “I may be an only child, but I’m pretty sure siblings are always yelling and hitting each other.”
“You also think shooting the wall is a cure for boredom, Love,” John smirked causing Sherlock to roll his eyes.
Mrs. Hudson opened the door, smiling, “Hello,” she grinned at the Avengers and Nick Fury, “John should be back soon. Sherlock’s here though. Upstairs and I’ll bring tea,” she then walked away from the door.
John raised an eyebrow at Mycroft, “Sherlock, probably,” John stated, “Mrs. Hudson, yes. You? No,” John made a face as the brush he was brushing Loki’s mess of hair got stuck, “Sherlock, where are the scissors?”
“Pretty sure that’s one of the things John is going to talk with him about,” Sherlock stated before sitting in his chair.
Mycroft turned, “Hello,” he stated, “Dr. Watson will return momentarily I’m assuming. Don’t look in the refrigerator.”
Thor just nodded. John nodded to himself before looking at Sherlock, “Sherlock’s in charge,” he stated, “And, no, you aren’t coming this time, Love. Maybe next time. But this time, I’m not expecting a lot of talking,” John walked downstairs, “I’ll be back,” he called.
Thor looked at the window. He grabbed a piece of glass and made a confused face. John continued to cut Loki’s hair. Finally, after ten minutes, “Sherlock, would you please show my nephew what glue is,” Thor paused in attempting to put two pieces of glass together.
“I believe so,” Mrs. Hudson smiled, “Sherlock has always been more in tuned to John and what he needs.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, “Smart, bordering genius,” he turned back to Clint and Steve pacing, “Daddy issues and are constantly trying to fill the void of a tragic event by one-upping said father. You’ve worked with machines your whole life and you recently had another tragic event happen. This one giving you a form of PTSD that you refuse to have poked and prodded at by a professional or really acknowledge yourself, but is the complete reason you do what you do. And you have a girlfriend you’ve been ignoring for the past twenty minutes,” Tony’s mouth dropped slightly, “I suggest you answer her next call. There are quite a bit of redheads in the UK. They are quite scary when angered.”
“I don’t care if it’s for the Queen of England!” Mrs. Hudson yelled, “They aren’t allowed in my building!”
“Oh, she showed up about five minutes after you four went rushing out the door,” Mrs. Hudson supplied before standing up and walking into the kitchen, “And Sherlock! What have I said about heads in my building!”
“Yes,” Greg said as if just remembering, “Some friends of Thor’s will be by about lunchtime, New York Time.”
Fury nodded, “Honestly,” Sherlock stated, “I don’t think I can ever be more than 85% on anything with Moriarty. Just as I faked my death, he could’ve faked his suicide and let me dismantle his Network so he could rebuild it better and stronger. Moriarty is my equal in everything, but morals. And I only really got a firm hold on those when John came barging into my life.”
John turned and grabbed Loki, “Sherlock, we’re going home,” he said as he carried his mentally abused nephew.
“Number fourteen, please. Number fourteen.” A Wizard in a grey robe looked up from his clipboard to peer into the waiting group.
“Jean,” the housekeeper greeted him, pointing to a tray of glasses. “Do you strip often in the hot sunshine?”
Though the hobbit wriggled and protested, the dragon used the tip of a talon to carefully strip away the creature’s clothes, holding him down to better examine him. The dragon ran his warm rough tongue delicately over the hobbit’s body into every crack and crevice noticing that after a few minutes, the creature was no longer trying to wiggle out of his grasp, but was spreading his legs to grant him better access.”
John thinks Sherlock has gone a bit insane, and Sherlock thinks he is perfect as the disheveled, wanton captive tied to his bed.
“Sherlock,” John said quietly. “Your father’s gone. He can’t disapprove of you anymore. You know that, right?”
“I’m just cataloging them for now. Determining which are obvious, which are dull, which are worth my time, and which are so fascinating that I want to save them for a special occasion.”
Once John sent him a message late at night.  Sherlock caught it the next day at a busy café, one of the few places he felt safe checking his messages.
They lay on Sherlock’s bed just listening to the clanks and groans of the pipes in the walls, and the creaks of the ceiling as someone walked in the flat above. Occasionally one of the silver bells still on the walls joined in, giving a half-hearted shiver before falling silent again. Sherlock thought about sending the holiday decorations away, but he didn’t have the heart. Not until after John left.
“Right! I talked with a friend about it, Rowan Billingsworth, do you remember him? Good lad,” Mr. Posh Knob drawled on. “Anyway, he knew Victor, asked him about it. Do you know he barely remembered Sherlock? Said he was the weird, skinny kid in the back of the room at some computer class he took over the summer. Hardly said two words to him.”
John quickly flipped to the next page. “Once upon a time there lived a young prince who was known as Sir Boast A Lot. . .” John’s eyebrows traveled up somewhere near his hairline as he scanned through the text. “Your brother wrote this?”
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair, ruffling it up as he thought. It had been a full month since he and John had last been able to slip away and prowl the streets of Dahkur unfettered. Mid-Winter was a time of holiday observances that ground the usual routine of life to a crashing halt. First there was Warp Memorial Day, then Founders’ Day, then the New Year to celebrate. Sherlock had spent the last few precious weekends being dragged around to increasingly awful, holiday-inspired festivities with his family.
He waved good-bye to Molly and whistled all the way to the library before heading out to footie practice. Wherever he went, John felt as though he were walking on air, his feet barely skimming the surface of the earth.
The Naughty Hobbit story within the story owes a great deal to two fics I read. If you like inter-species fun of this sort, do check them out . .
When he got to Sherlock’s collection of Wizard sweets, John grinned in delight, and made his mum and Harry both try a pepper imp. They shrieked as hot steam blew from their ears.
“Must have been due yesterday, right?”  John laughed, feeling pleasantly floaty after several glasses of cider.
The sun seemed to be dripping over John like liquid honey, coating his tan skin and golden hair with an ethereal glow. John moved closer, leaning over Sherlock to grin back at him. The sun caught the metal earrings on John’s ear in a burst of bright sparkles. Sherlock reached up to trace the shining chains swinging off his ear.
“Oh? OH.” Claudette’s eyes flashed as she darted forward to pull John into an embrace. She dropped kisses to both his cheeks.
“What’s so funny? A pengwing is a perfectly good guess. If you’re trying to be a duck, you should put your hands up under your armpits.”
John tuned out the conversation as he glanced back at Sherlock. This time Sherlock was looking his way as well. John mimed hanging himself with a rope. Sherlock’s eyes lit up. John took a chance, and pretended to hold his heart in his hands before spreading them Sherlock’s way. Sherlock pressed his lips together as if trying not to smile. John made a big show of kissing his hand and blowing the kiss toward him. Sherlock did smile then, ducking his face.
It would only take half an hour of listening to the street sounds outside, and he’d be fully dressed and headed downstairs to the hotel lounge. A number of other Western journalists and hangers-on gathered each night for some sort of debauchery and they were only too eager to include Sherlock in the fun. While alcohol was strictly forbidden in the Muslim country, somehow the foreigners always knew where an illegal river of booze was flowing. Sherlock would tag along, nurse a glass of something over the night, and smile and nod at whatever brothel, or party, or underground bar they’d managed to scare up until it was late enough to head home, and fall into a dreamless sleep.
“Alright, we’re in luck. I’ve got a friend who drives a taxi who can pick us up.” Mrs. Watson joined them, sitting back on the floor.  “I talked to a couple of people. It looks like this wasn’t an isolated thing. There are fires and  . . . troubles all over town tonight.”
John, who was laying mostly on top of him, simply burrowed further into the back of Sherlock’s neck and grumbled, “John Watson isn’t in right now, please try again later.”
“None of that for a few days.” Kira Nerys had slipped into the room behind them. “Well, a girl sleeps in one morning, and all hell breaks loose when she isn’t watching.”
The adrenaline that had shot through him as he braced for John’s inevitable break-up had ebbed away leaving him weak-kneed and quite undone. “John, I’m sorry . . . it’s just, I thought you were breaking up with me.”
“John, you realize marriage doesn’t change the fundamental nature of a relationship? If anything it adds extra stressors, societal expectations that often doom . . .”
John found his feet, and tugged Sherlock upstairs, where they proceeded to make slow, sensual love with lips, and tongue, and fingers until they were both fully sated, and collapsed in a sweaty mess over the sheets. After a shower, they finally returned to the kitchen to finish their cold food, and quickly tidy up before heading out to Harry and Clara’s.
“Well, if they’ve been sitting around for 200 years, I don’t think a few more hours is going to matter much. It’s late. Why don’t you come to bed?”
Sherlock rumbled something in reply that John couldn’t quite catch, and he realized what had started innocently enough had turned into deliberate  eavesdropping on the men outside. He decided he had two options here, be a man, and step up to make himself known, or be a mouse and sneak off the way he’d come hoping they hadn’t noticed him.
“Look, I need to run too. You can call if you need anything.” Mike clapped John’s good leg regretfully.
“Relax. You’re thinking too much, then. Just follow me. Feel where my body goes, and I’ll lead you.”
“Hey there, spoonhead. What the hell?” Beardy snarled into Sherlock’s face, his sour breath washing over him. “Bad enough I have to see you cold-blooded bastards everywhere else I go. Who the fuck let you in here?”
“Please,” Sherlock clipped. “Your haircut alone practically screams military, but everything from your bearing to your psychosomatic limp to a tan line at your wrists confirms it.  Of course your,” Sherlock paused to drag one of John’s hands up briefly near his face . .  “meticulously trimmed nails, and your choice of reading material” he nodded toward the medical thriller left on the side table “screams medical background. Soooo an army doctor.”  Sherlock leaned his weight further forward, pining John’s wrists tighter to the mattress.
“BLOODY HELL, Peregrin, go LEFT!” Malfus, the captain of the Slytherin team yelled. “Crusher, BEHIND YOU!”  It was clear he was trying to contain matters, but his players hung back, reluctant to get in the path of the dangerous bludger.
“I’m… fine,” said John. After all, it wasn’t exactly dangerous at this point, just, a bit uncomfortable. And a bit uncomfortable was… also...good. John’s fleeting thought regarding the need to purchase a thesaurus was immediately derailed as Sherlock put his mouth on John’s body once more, but this time just a bit further south. John gasped, his cock struggled to return to its previous state, and it seemed to be rather determined.
John instinctually reached for Sherlock’s shoulder, but the sharp tug at his arms reconnected him to the upper part of his body, reminding him that his hands were solidly anchored in place. The urge to touch Sherlock was overwhelming, His body ached with it. No, his body just ached with all of it...the heat, the cold, the amazement that they were here, that this was happening. He tried to lift his upper body while his arms were still secured to catch a glimpse of this remarkable man who was working him open with his clever tongue. Now his finger was breeching him slowly, carefully, as John finally gave in to the muscle strain and eased his body back to the ground.
“If he kisses you again, I’ll have to send him a hex through the mail.” Sherlock held the door open for John to follow him inside.
“ . . . Maiden Castle, an Iron Age hillfort in Dorset. The name might be a modern one, meaning the fort looks impregnable, or it could derive from the British Celtic
“What? Johnny, you are not faffing off again.” Rory moved to squirt some of his water over John’s head.
“Well, I might ask the same of you.” Sherlock bristled. “YOU’RE here working as a photographer.” Sherlock cocked his head, and regarded John more fully. “You didn’t start out as a journalist though, did you? No, you began at the University of Edinburgh, studying to be a doctor.
“This puts the Potions classroom at Hogwarts to shame,” John said poking about at the huge cauldrons and equipment hung round. “I mean look at these KNIVES.”  John stopped to inspect a rack of long sharp blades. “Well, this one just needs a horror film to star in.” John pulled a long cutting knife from its place, and held it up menacingly as if he were a villain about to attack.
Sherlock shook his head. “I want to infiltrate the attackers, see if I can disable those canons they’re setting up. You two, however, need to go. You won’t blend in with a troop of Cardassian soldiers.”
“Well, thanks for the quiet . . . er quieter space.” John yawned, glancing at his watch. “It’s late though. Now that things have settled, I think I’m off to bed.”
“It wasn’t hard.” Sherlock looked like someone who’d just been thoroughly snogged, eyes alight, lips pink and swollen. “They were all hoping to pull last night. I just helped it along.”
“Thank God for that.” Sherlock rose from tucking the last corner. “After awhile, I realized I didn’t sleep well if you weren’t in the bed with me.”
Afterwards, when the earth stopped moving, and they were simply lying together enjoying the quiet joy of warm skin pressed together, John’s stomach rumbled.
“Ach, but here’s something that’s no sae wee, hmmm?” John reached down to cup Sherlock through the fabric, and Sherlock pressed up into his hand, amazed at how good this simple touch felt. Sherlock rumbled a groan, torn from the center of his chest.
Sherlock glanced at her more fully. Her neck ridges and pattern of scales descending down her chest were scandalously on display with her skimpy top, but black shorts and some thigh-high boots covered the rest of her well enough.
“Oh, yes, quite right. Need to coordinate our stories.” Sherlock looked more sure of himself as he sat taller in his seat. “I said he was studying astro-physics at Oxford now.”
The hour flew by much quicker than usual, and John felt that he’d actually benefited from the time together. Perhaps orgo wasn’t as impenetrable as he’d feared earlier. Still, it was no picnic in the park. Afterwards, they packed up their things, making good-byes. Sherlock skittered off immediately, muttering about something he needed to attend to.
John didn’t think he needed to add too many more pounds to his already slightly-podgy middle, but he agreed with Mrs. H about Sherlock. John was certain that without the frequent visits of Mrs. Hudson over the last few years, Sherlock most likely would have starved to death. For a honey-maker, Sherlock was altogether too unconcerned with any nutrition going into his body on a regular basis. John was also grateful that the woman had warmed to his presence so quickly. Once she was convinced that John wasn’t some fly-by-night rent boy come to ruin Sherlock’s heart and hearth, she’d been the soul of welcome.
He had almost given up the day up for a loss,  just about to pack in this surveillance lark, when Mr. Big Brit finally emerged to hail a cab. Sherlock caught another one to follow, all the way to a café where Mr. Big Brit met Mr. Afghan drug lord for an early supper. Bingo.
Finally, before mid-day, Sherlock reappeared, needing John to help him unlock the front door to go out and continue his measurements. John sighed, trailing after Sherlock with his hands in his pockets. Sherlock stalked quickly off with his notebook ready to record another day’s numbers.
“Prophets, what are you wearing?” John murmured, his hands quickly finding their way under Sherlock’s draping sheet.
Sherlock returned shortly, and again instead of handing the pillow to John, set about tucking the soothing warmth around John’s ankle himself.  John sighed, watching as those elegant fingers worked.
Someone made a strangled squeak of a noise, and John looked over to find Rhys Winters hovering on his broom nearby. The Slytherin stared numbly below, a look of shock on his face.
“Oh, yeah, sure.” John tried to shut the door, leave Mike in the hall while he retrieved it, but of course Mike bustled in cheerfully after him.
“Well, that’s insane.” The woman looked so suddenly pale John was afraid she might pass out. “Kerry’s dead, and Clive is a sonofabitch. He’s crazy. Certifiably loony. This is ridiculous.”
John closed his eyes and leaned his cheek against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock seemed to sigh, and hold him a bit closer. John utterly lost track of time, it was just Sherlock in his arms, and the gentle movement of their bodies swaying together. It was a jolt when the music stopped and the DJ  made some joke over the sound system. The dancers stood back and clapped, and then something loud and pounding came on. The older couples drifted away as the younger people came forward to dance.
“Several times.” Sherlock nodded. “I saw you saying good-bye to your friends Teddy and Owen at the portkey station in town. I looked like middle-aged man that time. I accidentally saved a small child from drowning on the beach that afternoon, and her whole family insisted on feeding me and seeing me off at the portkey station. I pretended I needed to go to London just to see you up close.”
“At least all I do is fuck Alphas for a living instead of handing my soul over to one. I have the freedom to live my own life . . . not enslaved to some pompous . . . God, is it hot in here?” John left off his rant to tug his shirt further open.
With his usual brilliance, Sherlock had already learned the words to the first verse, so when they came around again he joined in with his rich, dark voice:
“How far back does it go?” John asked, suddenly hushed. For some reason the enclosed space seemed rarefied, like being inside some ancient church. It felt best to kept his voice quiet.
John hazily allowed himself to be manhandled, someone pulling off his jeans, tucking pillows around him. He opened his eyes when he felt his foot being carefully moved.  John propped up on his elbows to watch as Sherlock expertly wound an elastic bandage over and around his ankle.
“Dinna ye worry yer wee head over some stray lass,” John drawled, waving a hand about. “It’s just abit of fun, just the Kabubble.”
John turned to watch Owen perched on Teddy’s back as they bounced over the deeper waters, the ride clearly a gift for nearly drowning him earlier. His inattention was rewarded with a deluge of water over the back of his neck as the other three ganged up on him.
Sherlock pulled off and prowled back up with feline grace until he hovered over John, his arms caging him in on each side. He lowered his face to mere centimeters above. “Come inside me John - I want you to fuck me.” His slanted eyes looked almost green in the low light.
John’s sun-streaked head bobbed as he ran ahead. The two earring studs in his right ear caught the light as he glanced back at Sherlock. Even though it was Sherlock’s home, and John had only recently come with his mother, the new cook, he already knew all the best hiding places in the yard. John found secret spots to slip into that Sherlock wouldn’t have looked at twice on his own. They quickly reached the end of the property, dropping to all fours to wiggle through a gap left between a stand of Tarra trees and the back stone wall. The boys collapsed beside each other in the sheltered space, breathless with giggles.
. It had rained all morning, and the damp seemed to seep into his bones. It didn’t matter that the ache in his thigh was all in his head. It still hurt.
Thank Merlin for Quidditch, John thought as he changed direction on his broom, swooping agilely around a Hufflepuff chaser and their own chaser, Joanne, flying neck and neck. There was something so clean and pure about the game, keeping the bludgers from hitting anyone, helping the chasers get the quaffle toward the goal posts, keeping the seeker clear to find the snitch. It was unambiguous being a beater, and John appreciated something straightforward in his life right then.  See the ball, hit the ball. He could do this.
“I was thinking you’re out of school, and it’s time for you to start planning your future. Merlin knows SOMEONE needs to be thinking ahead around here,” the higher voice snapped.
“So, we have our measuring stick, an old surveyor's stake, some rope, and the moon, and it’s about an hour to midnight. However shall we pass the time?”
Prophets. He wondered sometimes if he was doing enough for these people. If they would ever have a chance to actually use their skills at a real job.
“You ARE lucky,” Dom said in hushed tones. “I don’t think anyone from Hogwarts has ever worked with him before.” The twins liked to joke around as well as the next one, but they were top students in Potions in sixth year, and well versed in how important a spot with Herr Moser would be.
“Good morning, Sherlock. I apologize for the interruption, but as I explained to John, I needed to see you. I wanted to let you know that unfortunately Mummy is unable to attend your graduation today.”
“Oh bleeding Prophets, Kira’s here?” The man bounced out of his seat and was out the door before Sherlock could say another word.
One glance at the spark in Sherlock’s eye, and John immediately bowed aside.  “Yeh, no worries, of course.”  He smiled.
I think about apparating - J.K.R. has said that it's simply bad manners to appear inside someone's home, but I have a head canon for this story that most dwellings have anti-apparating spells on them and people HAVE to go outside to use that magic.
“Prophets, thank you.” John kissed him quickly, securing it all inside the jacket he pulled over his skimpy outfit. Sherlock was grateful John wouldn’t have to leave the place looking like a common street walker.
“Oh, you were so good. I still think of that concert your mother made you give. You were fantastic.”
He couldn’t help thinking about the angry, wrapped-in-himself man who’d first arrived here, caring for nothing but escape. It seemed light years away from when he had laid eyes on John Watson and thought only of how to trick his way past the man. What a fool he’d been.
Sherlock paused as Mycroft put out a hand. “Congratulations, Sherlock. You’ve done the Holmes family proud.”
“Yeah, Happy Christmas,” John repeated, feeling slightly off as he watched Sherlock’s odd, older brother disappearing down the hallway in his usual dramatic swirl of dark fabric.
Harry had drawn herself up with some semblance of dignity to look down her nose at John. “Does Mum know you’re here?”
John is all too happy to comply as he slips his white boxers off his hips. Sherlock absentmindedly slides the cord between his long fingers while watching John disrobe. John lies back and looks up at him.
Sherlock nodded mutely as John took a deep breath and said in a rush. “I’m sorry I acted like such a prat earlier. You received a major award, and I didn’t even congratulate you. I should have been supporting you, not being selfish about you going farther away. I am so proud of you. I want you to know that.”
“Uuugh. Sherlock, I know.” John slid over onto his back. He looked up at the pair of worried blue eyes hovering over him. “I just wanted to take you out somewhere nice so we could have some time alone, just us, talking. I thought it would be fun.”
“Of course, Kai. He wanted to come.” John stepped forward, licking his lower lip nervously. “He wants to prove he’s a friend to Bajor. He’s helped the Resistance so much. I don’t know what anyone’s told you, but there’s no way he’s against. . .”
“John, don’t worry.” Sherlock caught him with a knowing look. “You’ll find work soon, and I don’t mind paying for things. It’s mostly my grandmother’s money. It’s not like I did anything to earn it.”
John plunged his hand down and closed it over Sherlock’s hard cock. A shiver ran over them both. John held it, feeling a reverence flow through him.
“No, no it’s fine. Come here.” John forgot about the posh room instantly as he tumbled Sherlock to the bed, aching to kiss that glorious, long neck. Sherlock moaned encouragingly under him, and it set John’s blood on fucking
There was much shuffling, dropping of jackets and scarves over the backs of chairs before a waiter appeared with menus and glasses of water.
“As I was able to provide a favor to you, acting as tutor for organic chemistry, I was hoping you might also be able to lend your services for something I require. My cousin Evelyn is getting married next weekend, and I am forced to join the madness as an attendant in the wedding in Northampton. The hotel hosting the event is rated at four stars, has an indoor pool, free wifi, and breakfast provided. I am led to believe that many would consider it quite picturesque, and a suitable spot for a respite from the stresses and demands of university life.”
“I’m getting two new sisters,” John said as they train jolted to life, pushing away to leave the Hogsmeade station behind.
“Because,” Mycroft swung his penetrating gaze upward, “we need a substantial victory on our side or the high command is going to wonder why the Imperial Army and the Obsidian Order are failing so spectacularly to keep Bajor secure.”
John looked down at the slip of paper in his hand that read twenty-one and sighed, shifting his weight on his seat. He felt all pins and needles for his apparition test to be over, and the wait was only making it worse.
“No, it won’t be like that.” Harry tipped her stack of plates into the sink.  “I won’t drink at all. Well, maybe just one little pint, but nothing more. Scout’s honour. Come on, Johnny, it’s your birthday. I’d like to take you out. Some friends of mine are playing live. I promise I’ll take you and Loverboy home as soon as you want to go.”
“No, John, you wouldn’t find hot springs in this area of the world, best make it closer to Iceland.”
Mycroft sobered when he saw that his brother was in earnest.  “Sherlock. You can’t be serious. You come from a long line of elite officers. It simply isn’t an option to chose another profession. You know this.  Besides the empire will have need of your intelligence for more practical matters than particle physics. War is brewing.”
“Hang on a minute. Yeah . . .” John looked up, searching his memory. “There’s The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers, and The Return of the King.” He ticked them off on his fingers.
“Of course.” Sherlock moved closer. He wrapped his arms around John, gathering him in. John let him, shifting until his face was pressed against Sherlock’s chest. His shirt was soft, and he smelled of the outdoors, and his own musky, lovely scent. John breathed him in, filling his lungs.
“This will be more than adequate for three puny Bajorans,” Sherlock spat. “You need not concern yourself with
When Sherlock emerged, John was not prepared. Sherlock strode into the room in a cloud of scent, wearing his beautiful groomsman’s suit, his dark curls framing his elegant face perfectly, looking like he was a model on some catwalk in Milan . . . albeit a barefoot one. John felt his mouth drop open.
John caught a good breath as their feet landed on smooth tile.  He let go of the conch shell and glanced around the open main room of the villa. It was just as he remembered – all potted palms, wicker furniture, and tall windows looking onto the sand and sea outside.
“Can’t you get one this summer?” Sherlock tried to keep the whine from his voice. Surely the pesky need for paperwork could be taken care of easily enough.
“I promise. Nothing but chamomile and a bit of mint.” Mycroft brought two mugs filled with the herbal tea over, setting one before John.
Sherlock tapped the key card to his hotel room door, and was rewarded with a green light as the lock disengaged. He turned the handle and pushed the door open, stepping gratefully into the hush of the suite. He blew out a breath as the door swung shut behind him, finally allowing his shoulders to slump. Shrugging off his long coat, Sherlock tossed it over the back of an overstuffed loveseat before placing the contents of his trouser pockets, wallet, mobile, and a handful of change onto an artful-looking side table.
John gracefully led Sherlock in a box step around the drive, humming something vaguely as accompaniment.
“MMmm, baby, gorgeous boy.” John nuzzled back and forth between Sherlock nipples, mumbling endearments as a hand slipped down under Sherlock’s stretchy waistband traveling past his hugely pregnant belly to drag a finger through his growing wet. “Can I? Can I just . . . .”
“Yeah, okay.” John tilted his head to better regard Sherlock. A waterfall of curls had spilled over his forehead, and he looked so delightfully flushed, a manic gleam dancing in his seawater eyes. John had to smile. These puzzles were good for him.
?” Harry shook her head as she made her way to the door. She turned for a parting scowl. “Fifteen minutes.”
Sherlock looked horrified. “Well, of course not. We don’t know if they died from something communicable.”
The weather had dipped to raw as the days slid into winter proper, but Sherlock kept up his habit of after-work walks, simply adding an extra layer or two to his outfit. He’d found a shop a few kilometers from his flat that sold jumja sticks and he enjoyed the chance to stretch his legs, traveling back and forth there on foot.
“Didn’t you hear? It. Won’t. Work.” Sherlock rounded on him. “I should have admitted it from the start. This isn’t the right solution.” He moved away to pace in a tight track, waving his arms. “I can’t get an accurate enough reading for it to be meaningful. I know the coordinates given are on the island, but there’s no way I can pinpoint it to any degree of accuracy . . . this was useless.”  He moved back to give the cross another swift kick, miscalculated, and promptly fell on his arse.
“If I sent in your measurements, you could have a suit altered to fit you from the same shop where I’ll be picking up my outfit.”
“No, don’t worry about it. I guess we just weren’t ready yet.” John flung his own jacket to the back of his chair, and moved to the bed on his side of the room. He tested the firmness of the mattress with his hand before sitting on it, bouncing a bit. “Eh, I guess it’s not too bad.”
“Is this him, then?” The passenger asked, a man with a burn scar marring his forehead. “The one we’re taking?”
“John.” Sherlock paused from his frenzied actions to focus on him. “I love you. You know that, don’t you?”
John looked up to see Usha, a fellow healer-in-training standing with a tray. “Yeah, be my guest.” John smiled as he pushed the other chair at his table out for her.
Sherlock instructed himself not to flush. “It’s not harmful to eat the wax, but you can spit it out if you like.”
Sherlock managed to shake the strange feeling as they busied themselves, taking turns in his tiny shower, and getting dressed to go out.
They found a place to set up camp in the soft white sand apart from the few other sunbathers, several metres from the edge of the clear blue water. John abandoned things almost immediately to charge toward the beckoning waves. John whooped at the first splash of warm water, turning to grin widely at Sherlock trailing after. Sherlock returned the smile with a quick flash of teeth as he caught up. They waded deeper together, letting the gentle waves lap at their chests and bellies.
“Love, you know, it’s alright if you don’t want to get married.” John reached out to cup his face, smoothing his thumb over his cheek. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“My parents. They’re so homophobic.” She looked up, tears welling in her eyes. “My dad’s always yelling about bloody faggots on the telly, and my mum is just as bad, always pushing me to be a ‘little lady’ and telling me I need to find the ‘right man’ to set me straight.” She snorted at the choice of words.
From the first time Sherlock had taken his hand — so long ago, when they’d barely known each other, and the gesture had been merely one of practicality to avoid getting separated in the dark — John had felt an instant sense of connection. Something about that touch just seemed
Mycroft cleared his throat meaningfully behind John, and he made hasty farewells as they pressed on to locate Sherlock. They finally found him with Molly Hooper hugging him in a death grip about the neck.
They searched the boat, Sherlock the upper deck and John the lower, and after a few minutes John shouted out, “I think I’ve found it!”
He was informed that the lax guard who had been driving him to the library was being replaced with a new escort, one who would be staying by his side when he was allowed to leave the house once more. As Father yelled, and Mummy cried, Sherlock stood stiffly, jaw locked, and let it roll over him, planning what he would say to John when he saw him next. Then Father dropped the bomb he’d been saving for last. John was no longer welcome to come to the house, and Sherlock was not to see him elsewhere. No contact of any sort would be allowed any more. Sherlock yelled back then, railed at the injustice of it all, and was banished to his locked room for the rest of his day for all his efforts to make his parents see reason.
“Mummy is holding up,” Mycroft’s said briskly. “Aunt Kristel has come to stay with her. She is grieving, but she is well cared for.”
“What are you some kinda Bajoran-lover, gone native or something?” Larex narrowed his eyes. “These aren’t people, Holmes. Not like you and me.”
Oh no – a Bogart got loose in here. It’s taking the shape  . . . of an empty mail box! Help defeat him by sending me a kudo or a comment!! ^,~
Any spike of jealousy John might have felt had been utterly shagged out of him after several hours with Sherlock in Victor’s guest bed. He waved them off with a chuckle. They sat down together around the glorious food that would have done any posh restaurant proud.
‘I won’t go.’ The Little Hobbit shook his head and stood up, bringing himself to his tallest height, which next to a dragon was hardly anything at all. ‘I won’t leave you. Don’t you know, where you are is my home now.’ He flung himself against the dragon’s side and held on. In that instant, a shimmer of pure magic rippled over them, and he found himself embracing not a great beast, but a tall thin man with eyes like summer rain.
Play resumed, and John licked his lips, getting his head back in the game. The opposing team seemed off, perhaps thrown playing on unfamiliar turf, and they pressed in, giving no leeway, scoring two more goals after that one. John let out a battle cry with the rest of the school when time was called and they’d won, 4 – 1.
“Thank you, Edith, ma’am,”  John said, and Sherlock struggled not to laugh as the woman’s mouth twisted up into an irritated little pout.
Sherlock readily agreed, and they fished out a change of clothing from their bags to take back with them.
Sherlock crossed the room to a chest of drawers, and pulled out a pair of clean pants that he stepped into. He turned around as John finished pulling his robe over his head.
“Come.” The Kai placed a hand lightly to Sherlock’s arm leading him past the guards through a sliding door into a darker, smaller space. Sherlock paused letting his eyes become accustomed to the lower light as the door whooshed closed behind them.
Again the man reached for the small sample spoon, this time giving a smile instead of words as he accepted it. His eyes widened slightly as the taste hit his tongue.
John climbed over to straddle Sherlock’s thighs, and poured a small pool of oil into his palm. He rubbed his hands together, and leaned in to rub his slicked hands along Sherlock’s shoulders digging in just enough for Sherlock to feel it.
“Good.” John licked his lips and flashed a glance toward Sherlock’s tidily-made double bed. “I was hoping . . .”
“John, it’s lovely having you over again.” Clara smiled as she passed the large bowl of spaghetti across the table. “I added mushrooms, just the way you like.”
“Ah.” John turned in the surprisingly strong arms that bracketed him, and met Sherlock’s lips in enthusiastic reply.  When long fingers slipped down to cradle his arse, grinding their pelvises closer, John turned his head in protest, breaking the snog. “Stop, stop, I really do want to see the beach first.” He laughed.
A number of people stopped by their table to speak, old friends, acquaintances, distant family. Mr. and Mrs. Holmes kept popping up to shake hands or hug them, chatting a moment until the next visitor arrived and it all repeated. John smiled pleasantly and waved occasionally as needed between bites. Mycroft looked a bit ill but greeted everyone well enough, while Sherlock slumped more sullenly into his seat, propping his legs up before him. He accepted John’s second muffin only to pick desultory pieces off with his long fingers. Finally they seemed to have run out of people to say good-bye to, and John had scraped the last of his porridge clean.
“Sherlock.” John stood breathlessly over him, holding a tray with a sandwich, an apple and a can of cola.
“Okay, I need a break. Let’s grab something to eat and go for a walk.” John was expecting resistance, but Sherlock simply grinned at him.
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking.” Sherlock reached over to lay a hand to John’s thigh. John marveled at how it didn’t even hurt any longer.
“You have influences,” Shelock spat. “There must be something you can do. It’s unconscionable! Barbaric! You can’t let them drag innocent civilians to death.”
The cool light of the device fell over her face, highlighting the edges of the old scar that bisected her face as she activated the screen. Sherlock watched, following her every move as she brought up the backdoor program she’d written.
Sherlock hurried through the overgrown garden, across the cracked paving stones to reach the back steps to the house. He found the newer keypad nestled by the old, weathered door, and quickly punched in the numbers John had given him. The door popped open with a small creak, and Sherlock hurried indoors, escaping the wet.
“Excellent.” Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and tugged him down the hall. “I want to show you the plants I’ve been working on.”
“Never mind,” John said, reaching out to tug the edge of Sherlock’s sleeve. “Come with us. I’ve hardly seen you at all lately.”
“Ugh, I feel wonky. Is it always like that – apparating?” He reached in to pull out a fizzy drink.  “Want one?”
“Wait, we need . . .” Sherlock pulled away briefly, and John mourned even the brief loss of him until he returned with a tube of lubricant from the bedside drawer.
The driver let them off at the front steps where security officers scanned them before a servant escorted them indoors. The building was two stories, covered in a warm-colored stucco in the Bajoran style outside, but once they’d entered, the heavy furniture, potted plants, and dark wall-hangings were instantly Cardassia.
“Oh, stop, it’s fine.” John knocked his hand away. “Ignore me. What else do I have to do today but help carry your FIVE pairs of dress shoes to the beach?”
Somehow they managed to wiggle and push at clothes until they were finally bare and rolling together, skin on skin.
“So you liked the part about the dragon holding down the  . . . erm . . . hobbit, then?” Sherlock asked by John’s ear.
Glancing at John, Sherlock could tell that he felt it, as well. As the music — and his heart — swelled, Sherlock marvelled at the realisation that he would never grow tired of finding new ways to connect with this man.
Sherlock’s eyes slid down to the shorter man walking beside him. John was nearly strutting, glowing with post-case adrenalin from landing their suspect. Sherlock couldn’t help the burst of pride that surged through his chest. Followed by a terrible pang of dismay. It was almost a year since he and John had moved in together. It was almost certain that John was about to grow restless for something new. It was how things had gone with Victor after all.
“Alright. That’s enough of that!” John recovered first. “You should know better than to throw stones at a force field. What if one bounced back and hit someone?”
“I know.” Molly nodded sagely. “Still, I don’t like to think of you alone. There’s a man at the college I know called Ballin. He’s . . . like you.” Molly dropped her voice slightly. “I thought maybe I could introduce you.”
“Oh, I see.” Sherlock said airily, sitting up straighter. John could see him acting as though the news were no bother when it clearly was. John caught one of Sherlock’s hands in his own, and squeezed. Sherlock’s eyes slid to John as his shoulders relaxed a fraction.
John’s body was in a duck-and-cover position under the table before his conscious mind registered the sound of the explosion. The instant his brain caught up, he had only one thought:
“I agree.” Sherlock nodded, hoping they would move past the chitchat to the reason for Molly’s call soon.
Sherlock watched John tucking into his leftover stew almost mesmerized at the motion of John’s hand methodically scooping up the food, bringing the spoon to his mouth. Something inside Sherlock melted. How many meals had John had to miss recently? Sherlock didn’t like to think too hard on it.
“DESERVED? Deserved had nothing to do with it. Christ, Sherlock, we promised to be there for each other.”
John brought his hand to Sherlock’s cock and gave a couple of long, slow strokes as he asked, “What’s iron plus lead?”
“My thoughts exactly,” Sherlock said, allowing John to pull him onto its downy depths into his waiting arms.
“I remember you at that age.” Sherlock smiled into John’s hair. “You were devastatingly handsome.  I was dying for you.”
Sherlock reached down to smooth a hand over Oscar’s head, petting down his long back to give a firm pat to his rump, repeating the motion several times. Oscar closed his eyes, almost purring at the sensation. Sherlock was pleased to note that the track marks on Oscar’s arms had nearly healed over and no new ones had been left. Felicia had been good for the boy. Everything about Oscar reminded him so much of himself in his reckless early twenties. It pleased him on some visceral level to see Oscar doing well.
“Mmmm.” Sherlock’s eyes slid closed. He groaned at the exquisite feel of John’s warm tongue making its way past his navel, lower and lower, licking into the crease of his groin and thigh.
“I’ve got something that might help you, upstairs,” Sherlock said. “You look  . . . wet,” he finished charitably. John looked like a drowned rodent, his slicked hair plastered to his skull. He looked cold.
“I know you wouldn’t strike me on purpose, John,” Sherlock said softly, rubbing a comforting hand down his back. “I’ve been reading about night terrors. Perhaps if I wake you with sound instead of touch, calling you from across the room, things will go better.”
A middle-aged Wizard greeted him, but John just shook his head. “I’m sorry, I don’t speak German.  I’m looking for Sherlock. I’m a friend of his. Do you know if he’s here today?”
Mycroft patted about his person before reaching into a side pocket and withdrawing a flat box wrapped securely in a bright red paper.  “Ah, here we go,” he said, dropping it onto John’s outstretched palm. “If you would be so good as to deliver that, I would be much obliged.”
“So you’re saying that substituents can be divided into two classes depending on whether they activate or deactivate towards the aromatic ring?” John tilted his head.
John had to quicken his step again to stay by his new friend’s side as he launched off, keeping pace with Mr. Red Kilt until he turned into a post office. They caught up to watch him through the large front window illuminated starkly from within. The front desk was closed of course, but the man crossed the lobby moving toward the private mailboxes.
John glanced up and almost collapsed himself when he spotted Sherlock.  He turned the movement into a jerk of his head. “Here, now? What’s this? Where are you taking us?”
Sherlock swallowed, the muscles in his long throat making his adam’s apple bob. His liquid blue eyes searched over John’s face.
“God, yeah, this is great. A toast.” John reached for the bottle of wine, pouring out the last of it into their two glasses. “To a brilliant new beginning.”
“Gladly,” Alastaire said with a toss of his head. “Come on, mates, there’s too much riff raff in this corner of the castle.”
The Little Hobbit was excited to take the gem and leave, but the dragon shook his head. “I think not little thief. I’ve grown to enjoy your company. You aren’t leaving.”
Gracefully, Sherlock stepped over the rim, and John helped him to position himself between his outstretched legs, leaning back against his chest.
“Let’s look at this later.” he said with false nonchalance, dropping the envelope back into the drawer and closing the lid.
“Good trip?” Mr. Holmes asked, patting Sherlock on the back as he attempted to take his case from him.
John felt a bit faint just watching him. Sherlock belched outrageously then, and looked as if he might melt into the ground. John burst out laughing.
John looked simply edible. His pale hair flipped back fetchingly from his face, while his dark button up shirt hung open at the neck, several beaded necklaces swinging across his chest.
“This bucket of bolts has hover ability?” Furel rounded on her. “Lupie why the hell didn’t you use it earlier?”
“Well, John.” Mycroft rubbed inside one of his ears with a pinky. “You are full of surprises, aren’t you?”
“Freedom fighters,” John hissed turned fully to face him on the bench. “I’m part of the Resistance, Sherlock. It’s not like when we were kids with a rule here, a curfew there. Things have changed. They’re systematically killing us – destroying the planet with strip mining, driving us away from our homes, and either working the people left here to death or starving us. The Cardassian Empire won’t stop until they’ve obliterated Bajor. I can’t just sit back and watch them do it. Could you?”
Sherlock turned to find a stunningly attractive blond man with earrings up each ear, and a matching hoop in his nose leering at him.
“It’s Kira Nerys. We need your help. NOW. They were waiting for us, the cursed bastards, at the Riverside Armory. The ones in front never had a chance before the back-ups arrived. . .”
John followed his gaze to see Teddy with his arms around a revived Victoire on the ground. The pair of them seemed to be trying out for an "ecstatic snogging" competition. By the looks of things, they were in the lead.
Sherlock felt more than happy as they exited the building. He felt like he was walking on rainbows and bubbles as they continued down the street to the nearby café. John reached out to take his hand, and Sherlock felt his chest swell with pride. Out of all the Alphas John could have picked, he’d chosen
“You can since it was your idea.” Sherlock’s deep chocolate of a voice was even more potent in the dark.
“Good, Sherlock, come in. Irene’s still in the bathroom getting ready.” Kate tipped her head to indicate the back of the flat. “She’ll be out in a minute. Why don’t you sit down and wait?”
Lupaza shrugged. “Hey, you got us out of certain death. We’ve got a place to stay, food to eat, and another day to make a difference. From where I’m standing, things look pretty good.”
“Good evening to you too, brother dear. John.” Mycroft nodded companionably at them both as he folded his newspaper, setting it aside. He was dressed in his usual impeccable pinstriped robe and settled comfortably in one of the wicker armchairs. It was an odd sight. “I see you enjoyed the beach for at least three,” his eyes flicked carelessly over them, “no four hours today.”
“So, I hear you lot have quite an adventure planned.” Mrs. Potter smiled warmly at John across the table. “Where are you boys off to first?” She was a gorgeous woman, her long ginger hair pulled onto her head in a complicated knot.
Sherlock glanced back to see that John had stopped dead in his tracks. “Date other people whilst maintaining a primary relationship.” Sherlock backtracked to where he’d left John on the pavement. “I was reading in some polyamorous forums online about open relationships. I thought you might like to try that.”
“I couldn’t agree more,” Sherlock purred. He reached down to link their hands and tugged John on toward the village. “Tomorrow, you can apparate us both somewhere.”
“That was me.” Sherlock looked guiltily down at his lap. “On my days off from Herr Moser’s I would take a portkey near wherever you were, and apparate to follow you. Once you’d almost caught sight of me, I started wearing disguises, charming my appearance.”
They toppled over onto the mattress. Sherlock was suddenly desperate to have them skin to skin, reassuring himself that John was really here, and whole. They moved apart for just a moment to strip bare, coming back together in a rush. It was an explosion of bliss to seal himself over John, pressing them tightly together.
“Good, good, you do that. I’ll have my secretary forward you the details. I look forward to seeing you both.”
“I understand,” Sherlock purred soothingly. “We won’t take long.”  Sherlock thumbed on his phone until he reached the picture of Kerry Williams in the garden. He held it out with a smile. “I wanted to ask you a few questions about your sister.”
“I know Oscar always enjoys it when John comes to visit.” Felicia smiled. “May, I?” She waited for Sherlock’s nod before reaching down to pet his pup. She scratched her nails behind his ears, sinking her fingers into John’s sandy pelt before smoothing her hand down his back. When she leaned over to pat his genitals, caressing over his tight, red pants in light strokes, John wriggled happily.
Sherlock stripped efficiently, dropping his shirt, trousers and pants on the floor before leaning in to a shower to flip on the taps. God, he was a long drink of water. A pale expanse of long, lithe back slid down to two sweet dimples above the man’s  . . .
John grabbed a water bottle off a side table, glancing fondly about the room. The last rays of evening sunlight shone in through the window, painting the floor and furniture a lovely golden color as the sun set. Even Sherlock’s dark curls looked tipped a reddish hue. He fiddled with the ipod on the mantle, cutting the next waltz off mid-note.
Sherlock poured the tea once it had steeped, and though John usually took his black, he couldn’t help pulling the deep yellow jar of honey closer, and letting a spoonful drizzle down into his cup. It was delicious. He helped himself to a scone that Sherlock offered, and split it in half to coat with more of the golden delight.
Sherlock jabbed at the buttons, but the device seemed well and truly dead. With a curse, he dashed it to the ground.
Eventually, Sherlock worked a hand between them to deal with the frustrating barrier of John’s clothes, scrabbling at it to free his lover’s insistent erection. John groaned and moved back in, rutting shamelessly against Sherlock thigh as his hands and mouth mapped his body in liquid strokes. Sherlock clung to John’s shoulders for dear life as the tremors coursed over him. Nothing else seemed to exist but the two of them here, now, together.
Sherlock stuck his head in the door of the conference room, and flashed the friendliest smile he could muster  to the people gathered around the table. “Pardon me, but there’s a very important call on the phone for John?”
“Prophets’ tit, cross my legs, and never spit!” Lupaza added, making a warding sign over her chest. She moved closer to peer over Naavi’s shoulder at the display. “We could use some good luck, eh?”
“Bloody hell, Irene, I don’t know.” John slammed his notebook closed with a bit more force than necessary. “I’m not Sherlock’s keeper.”
Farid stopped him one morning as he was leaving the hotel for another round of cheerful boy-Friday press interviews.
The distressed tone in John’s voice finally snapped Sherlock from the haze of lust that had descended to cloud his brain.
Sherlock’s eyes sparkled in triumph, but he managed to stop himself from gloating as he packed everything away into the box. His mind turned back to the mystery of the 'Advance to Go' card as he did so, and suddenly something clicked and he realised the solution.
Sherlock looked up from his reader screen and blinked at his mother’s voice coming through the air vents. He didn’t realize it had gone so late that his parents were off to bed.
“Oh sweetie, I owe you so much. Don’t worry. We’ll call it even.” Irene smiled, and tugged the neckline of her dress down an extra centimeter.
“Well, acting DOES come in handy occasionally in detective work. It helps to have a variety of skills.”
“Ah, well, that’s alright then.” John reached under the table to risk a quick squeeze to Sherlock’s leg.
Molly and her husband twirled by at that moment, and she grinned at them, obviously pleased to see them enjoying themselves. She gave a thumbs up before being lost again in the swirl of dancers. As the song crashed to a close, Sherlock led Irene off the dance floor, a hand lightly at her low back
“You helped as well, John.” Sherlock grinned. “Still, we can’t rest on our laurels. We’ve yet to put it to practical use.”
By the time Sherlock had finished a long explanation of Mycroft, his brother who ran the British government, and occasionally Sherlock, and recounted the mission in Kabul, and his work as a consulting detective in London, the car had pulled up at a private airstrip where a small plane waited on them.
“Oh, I’ll bet not.” Irene laughed. “All right Sherlock, you aren’t allowed to keep him chained in your bed the whole week.”
“Okay,” John said though that seemed a patent lie as he dropped his eyes, ran the tip of his tongue nervously over his lower lip, and swept a hand back through his hair.
“Ah, don’t worry. I’m sure you can request a transfer soon enough.” Mike smiled sympathetically. “Hey, I got a text from Bill. The lads are getting together at the Cross Keys for a bite and a pint at six. Are you coming?”
John blinked, focusing his attention on the professors and speakers gathering on stage as the ceremony began. Someone from the Ministry of Magic got up to speak, and John’s thoughts skittered off again, this time to Sherlock’s valedictorian speech of the year before. A smile tugged the side of his mouth at the memory of how inappropriate it had been, but so very, very Sherlock. John sighed. At least he could think of Sherlock without feeling completely hollowed out now.
The DJ called for first dance, and Evelyn and her Uncle Siger, Sherlock’s dad, took to the floor. They looked lovely waltzing together, Mr. Holmes so elegant as he led the smiling bride about in a circle. The song shifted to another, and Evelyn kissed Mr. Holmes on the cheek and turned to dance with her new husband as Mrs. Holmes appeared to pair with her spouse. He opened his arms to accept her and they began to twirl about the floor. John was struck with how beautifully Sherlock’s parents moved together. He commented on it to Sherlock.
John was grateful for the company of Sherlock’s parents as they exited the lift and made their way to the large tent outside. A veritable army of people in formal attire had descended upon the hotel, flocking like brightly-coloured birds across the courtyard. The Holmeses stopped to speak to many of them, and John was introduced several times as Sherlock’s boyfriend before they made it to the entrance to the tent. John smiled and nodded, shaking hands when needed and squashed down the niggling little voice inside whispering
The rain continued to beat down outside, pinging off the skylights and windows, but inside they seemed to be in a cocoon of sorts, a cave where nothing bad from outside could reach them. Sherlock took a long sip from his own mug letting it warm him. His clothes were padded, sturdy military issue, good in the rain, but his hair remained damp, and the room was cool. The heat of the tea was marvelous. “Mmm, it is nice,” he agreed.
“Me either.” Sherlock smiled. “It was lovely.” He reached out to find John’s hand, tangling their fingers together.
“I’ll do my job fine!” Sherlock rumbled, deep and low, trying to settle Alpha instincts that were clamoring at him to make this man submit, preferably on the floor with blood involved. “If you want to keep your Omega safe, keep YOUR damn eyes peeled. I’m not the threat.”
When dinner had finished, half of the chairs and tables were whisked away to make room for dancing. A hardwood floor appeared to cover the new space while a band set up in the corner. In short order, the musicians launched into a lovely, slow beat that drew all the older guests out to waltz.
The restaurant was a bit more posh that John was used to, and of course the menu was in French. Sherlock and Victor were instantly nattering away
Sherlock made his way to the herb garden quickly finding what he wanted. He returned to the bench reaching out for John’s arm. “Let me see.”
He and John had decided not to continue their attempts at escape, since, at least for the moment, they had everything they wanted and needed right here. However, choosing to remain on this island together didn’t preclude giving themselves the option of coming and going at will. And what better way to annoy Mycroft than by demonstrating that they could circumvent his little trap any time they wished, yet preferred to stay?
When the interminable dinner finally drew to a close, Dukat made a point to move about, wishing a good night to all. Sherlock tried to make a break for it, but the Gul intercepted them before they cleared the door.
“Well, now we need some test subjects, don’t we?” Lestrade rubbed his palms together, looking about. “Let’s have one of each the lucky pairs who made these potions try them out. Don’t worry, most find the effects of Euphoria Elixir to be quite pleasant.”
“Good riddance to birds!” Owen said once he’d opened the firewhiskey.  “Who needs ‘em?” He raised the bottle in tribute, but stopped before it reached his lips, pausing to think, “But for you it’s blokes too, eh?” He frowned as he glanced toward John.
They both burst out laughing. Thankfully Mr. Holmes returned with the water and the napkin, and Sherlock’s mother set about wiping at his jacket until he knocked her hand away saying he was perfectly capable of doing it himself.
“Farid,” he looked back at the boy. “I have a laptop and a camera in my room. If they aren’t damaged, you may have them. If they are damaged, I’ll make sure you get new ones.”
“Oh,” John looked down, surprised he was still holding it, “something Coach wanted me to take to the Phys Ed department.”
“I’m wondering, if we are being watched outside of this house, which Mycroft would find more disturbing: My securing your hands with the rope, anchoring them to the ground with this stake, and having my way with you... bringing you repeatedly to the very brink of orgasm to either be brought over the edge or sent away from it by a good slap to the arse with this convenient flat stick... or your doing the same to me?”
“Semantics.” John waved a hand in the air. “Sherlock, what the hell WAS all that? And don’t tell me that was just for me sleeping over.”
“Well, no, but that one’s always mooning over your letters, and won’t ever go out with us for drinks after work. I knew you were a person of interest.”  Irene’s red lips tipped up. “How are you enjoying Heidleberg?”
These were John’s superiors, Sherlock could see it in the way they held themselves, and the way John deferred to them. Shakaar strode up the stairs first, confident that the others would follow. Sherlock fell in line behind with John at his heels. Kira hung back, bringing up the rear, no doubt on high alert. Sherlock could feel her dark eyes boring holes in the back of his head, just waiting for him to make a wrong move. It made the short hairs stand up at his nape.
“MIND? I’m thrilled. I need someone to help me eat all the ice creams I packed the freezer with.” She smiled brightly. “Oh look how brown you two are. Come on, have a nosh, and tell me what you’ve been up to.”
“Well, yeah, at the cafeteria, but I wanted to take you out.” John slipped a hand under the sheet to smooth a hand down his boyfriend’s bare flank, patting fondly.
Beyond finding out that the walls were painted an off-white, and the partitions were a tan color, there wasn’t much else to see . John decided to make a game out of finding any snacks still left in any of the dispenser areas. Gleefully he darted about in the dim glow of the laptop, smacking his and Sherlock’s hands on any scanners they could find in the half-walls, and chortling each time a stray bag of crackers or nuts popped out.
Sherlock stepped closer, extending his arm. As John reached out, Sherlock’s sleeve fell back, and he ended up wrapping a hand around a lean forearm instead of the dark fabric he was expecting. A shiver of electricity danced up John’s spine at the skin on skin contact. He looked up and fell into the blue of Sherlock’s wide-open eyes. It was like flying without a broom, John thought, simply tumbling into the bright sky with no end in sight.
“Of course, whatever I can do.” Sherlock met her gaze unflinchingly. Whatever Kira saw seemed to temporarily mollify her. She released him with a brisk nod.
John slung an arm over his eyes, biting his lip as the sensations rolled over him.  He fairly shook under Sherlock’s clever mouth and fingers holding him, sucking, stroking. It was . . . God . . . it was . . . his senses whited out as bliss overtook him.  John returned to himself, the hardness of the table under his spine making itself known, and a very smug Sherlock leaning over him.
“Sorry,” Teddy called over. Turning back to the table, he lowered his voice. “All right, lads, time for a study break.”
John would have known Sherlock’s parents anywhere, even if the attractive, well-dressed couple hadn’t been moving to greet them, or greet Sherlock rather. They completely ignored John to crowd around their son.
“No, me either,” Sherlock said. “John, I know I flew off the handle with him, but the sight of you on the floor . . .” Sherlock tensed up again.
‘”Yeah?” John’s eyes couldn’t help flickering over the nameplate on the door behind Mycroft, “Professor Lestrade” and running over Mycroft again to find the collar of his usually-impeccable robe slightly askew, and his thinning hair not as smoothly combed back as usual. John kept his face bland, one didn’t spend time patrolling as a prefect without becoming somewhat inured to what people might be getting up to after hours, but Mycroft saw the movement of his gaze nonetheless, and stiffened.
class either, and we got him into our little study group.” Irene raised an eyebrow. “I bet you haven’t even tried. Just pour on a little of that Watson charm. He’ll melt like butter.”
Sherlock grabbed for the door handle, wrenching it open to let himself outside, pulling in lungfuls of fresh air to help clear his mind. God, this case was getting to him in a way that he generally didn’t allow. It seemed he might be due for a wanking session sooner rather than later to bleed off some of the hormones cruising through this veins. Sherlock walked all the way to the train station, taking the tube when he reached London, letting the familiar smells of the city soothe his still slightly jangled nerves.  He closed his eyes on the tube carriage, letting his nose tell him that mostly Betas, but one other Alpha, a bonded one, shared the car with him.
Sherlock snorted, but consenting to eat his meal before saying anything to completely piss Irene off.  John glanced around the table at his friends, happy when the talk moved from their new-found fame to some romance movie coming out with gay leads.  Sherlock looked up from his pasta and smiled, something private just for the two of them. John reached out to take his hand
John woke to light filtering in through the blinds over Victor’s guest bed, and a delicious mop of dark curls on the pillow next to him. Sherlock was still out, his face looking so unguarded and sweet as he slept. John felt transfixed watching the gentle rise and fall of his chest, repeating like a chanted mantra. A strip of light peeking its way in through the slats splashed across Sherlock, illuminating one pale pink nipple. John smiled before bending forward to lay a warm kiss to it. Sherlock smelled delightfully ripe, of sex and sweat, and warm sleep. John didn’t want to wake him, but he couldn't help licking over that delectable skin, laving over that one pebbled bud.
“Magic swirled around her as she pointed a long, bony finger at the know-it-all. ‘I curse you to wear the pain on your skin that you have caused others. May you bear the shape of a monster until you can know true compassion.’
“No, I know. It’s alright, sweet, I’m not asking.” John patted Sherlock’s knee. “Not until the thirtieth, that is,” he added cheekily.
Although most of him was busy drowning in Sherlock, a small bit of sanity trickled back through John’s brain after several minutes of pure bliss.  As much as he didn’t want to, he broke contact, pulling back. “Oi, you. Arithmancy.”
“Bastard. What’s his name. I’ll kill him. Where does he live?” John couldn’t help the anger that blazed over him.
John expected Sherlock to give him a moment to adjust before resuming the in and out slide of the beads. Instead, he felt something warm and wet against his fluttering rim. Sherlock was
Sherlock ducked his head, and entered the club after slipping the bouncer a few notes to let him jump the queue as well. He stood for a moment taking stock of the place, letting the pounding music wash over him. Coloured lights slashed over the group undulating across the dance floor while other well-groomed individuals pressed close together, clutching drinks and yelling into each other’s ears to be heard. Sherlock scanned the mass of humanity irritably before finally spotting John in with the dancers.
Sherlock had thrown himself into researching the best car for the lowest price on the market, keenly aware of how John felt about money . . . namely, Sherlock had gobs of it, and John didn’t want to feel like a freeloader using it. In the evenings, as they sat comfortably sprawled in the cozy armchairs in the smaller living room, each busy with their own laptop, Sherlock had occasionally popped up to show John pictures of used cars in the area.
“No.” Sherlock could hear the sound of a bed creaking as John shifted. “I thought I’d drop right off, and then I heard the two next door going at it. Gave me a raging stiffie. I thought maybe you could think of something to  . . . sort me out.” John’s voice dipped into pure gravel.
By far the nicest discovery was the long, pale form tangled up in the sheets beside him. John scooted closer to take advantage of the man’s warm back, nuzzling in to drop kisses along his humid nape, under his tangled curls. The creature of delight stirred, rolling over to blink sleepy eyes open. A soft smile uncurled over his face. “Good morning,” he murmured, looking at John as if he’d hung the moon.
“Alright,” Sherlock said finally pulling back. He let a hand slip down to give John’s bum a healthy squeeze before releasing him.  “I’ll see you tonight.”
“It’s the truth,” John said as loudly as he dared. “Teddy would be a fool ten times over to look at anyone else. How could he, you’re gorgeous.”
“Come, come, I have someone you need to meet.” Sherlock was thrust into a group of high-ranking officials, a mix of civilian and military, as Dukat sang his praises for ‘rescuing’ him the week before. Sherlock nodded politely as he was introduced, and commiserations were made on the Cardassians lost in the attack.
“I did, actually.” Clara warmed quickly to the topic. “Just the stuff you get at the gardening store though, nothing special.”
Sherlock thought to stand, but stayed seated until the Bajoran was upon him. He shifted his bags from the bench to lie by his feet, making space for the man to sit. John hesitated, finally sinking down, leaving a good foot of space on the bench between them. It was so odd, this person he once knew as well as the back of his own hand, now a virtual stranger.
They had settled tailor-fashion on cushions around a table when Shakaar produced a flask.“I hope you don’t mind something a bit strong.” Shakaar smiled as he poured a measure into the mugs found in the room. “It’s called Urgot. I brew it myself.”
“And how it’s a wonder any of us made it to uni at all,” Anne, the short, dark-haired girl, added wryly as Gwen smothered a laugh.
It was some kind of heaven to roll together in their bed, tucked under the duvet. Arms wrapped, and legs slotted together. Everywhere they connected felt so fucking good, John wanted to laugh with joy.
Lupaza followed him like a black storm cloud hovering on the horizon, watching as he turned the scanner over John. Thankfully, it didn’t turn up anything more serious than a few cracked ribs. Even that made Sherlock see red though. John wasn’t supposed to be on that run. He’d
“Yes, sir.” The woman smiled shyly as Sherlock scrawled his signature with a finger over the screen.  “Sir, there’s a get together planned at the end of the week at the pub down the road. I, that is
John trailed off. He realized he was coming perilously close to discussing things they didn’t talk about. The bed they shared in their dorm room was definitely something they didn’t talk about. John moved instead to poke his head into the adjoining en suite. It was a spacious room containing not only a small glass shower in the corner, but a huge clawfoot bathtub in the center.
That evening, they made their way quietly by ones and twos from the common room, meeting up at the seventh floor corridor by the tapestry of Barnabas the barmy teaching trolls ballet. The door to the Room of Requirement wouldn’t appear in the wall across from them until someone’s compelling need brought it into existence.
It quickly became apparent to John as they neared that the house that it was much larger than he had first suspected. An extension obviously added on later than the original structure stretched away along the back of the place. More bees darted contentedly about the bougainvillea hanging from a trellis along a side wall.
John thought, eager to see the last of the man. He couldn’t help noticing that he and Sherlock were of a height, a matched set of men with beautiful cheekbones, one dark, and one blond.
“Meni?” Sherlock couldn’t help the stab of hurt at seeing a student from his programming class at the heart of this. The girl looked slightly ashamed, but lifted her chin in defiance.
“No, I didn’t . . . had a bit of a bad week actually.” He placed a hand over the arms encircling his chest like a vise.
“Posh party boy and complete lowlife. For some reason Sherlock was arse over tit for him. It was suddenly
“The fireworks show Grand-mère holds every year. It’s quite something. She hires the best company in France. Come on, we can’t miss it.”
“Arithmancy.” John said more firmly stepping back as he grabbed Sherlock’s upper arms to keep him at bay.
“Oh.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John, seeming to properly focus on him for the first time. “You’re pre-med.”
Eerily enough, his eyes flickered to the side that John was standing on. “You will find a meaningful sum has been deposited into your account with the Bank of England. You are free to go wherever you wish once you have been transported off the island facility.  Please make yourselves ready to depart. Transport should arrive within twenty-four hours. Good day, gentlemen.” With that, the phone shut off.
“Gossiping again?” Sherlock swept in looking devastating in a blue button up and damp curls trailing down his neck. “Terrible habit.” He leaned in to pluck a muffin from the container on the table.
Words babbled from Sherlock’s mouth as he patted over John, checking to see that he was whole and really here. “AreyoualrightwhatdidtheydotoyouIwassoworried Ithoughtyouweredead . . .”
“We have a few hours, and then we’ll need to pack and get out.” Sherlock said, shutting the wardrobe door.
“Fine,” Sherlock replied automatically. Unsure what to do, he fell back on long-ingrained manners, shaking the man’s hand politely. “And you?”
“There has to be a door, a panel, something . . .” Sherlock ran his hands along the top of the cylinder.
“Oh, sir, I’m so sorry,” he said, sliding the large stand of brooms that Sherlock had moved to open the door, and a box of umbrellas to the side. “We haven’t had anyone use that entrance in years.”
“No one. Just a guy who does business with Herr Moser.” Sherlock lifted a shoulder in a casual shrug. “I hardly know the man. Irene must have invited anyone connected with the workshop.”
“Alright.” John turned to follow him almost on autopilot, watching as he tossed his dog end into an ashtray outside the hotel, and stalked up the pavement.  It was a fairly steep incline, and John jogged a bit to catch up.
“John, are you asking me to marry you?” Sherlock meant it as a joke, but once he’d said it, the words fell heavy between them.
Sherlock's epic dance routine is based loosely off of a video going around featuring Sergei Polunin dancing to "Take Me to Church" by Hozier. It is a thing of beauty and many people tagged it right off as "balletlock" as it made the rounds on Tumblr.
“Oh, the presents.” He brought a palm to his forehead. “I have Christmas presents. I can’t believe I forgot them yesterday.”
A man leaned in close enough that Mycroft could feel the heat of his skin as lips murmured by his ear. “Have you been a naughty boy? Naughty boys need to be punished, you know.”
Once they’d parked it in the garage behind the house, Sherlock thought they might go relax indoors together, get something to eat, but John waved them off.
“Hmmph.” Sherlock’s lower lip spoke volumes as it stuck significantly outward. “Are we done here?” He turned toward the older tailor.
“I tell you, Lara, it’s good you caught me when you did,” he called back over his shoulder.  “They’re closing some of the roads down. I’ll have to stay with my sister tonight as it is.”
“I assure you that I did. I’ve told you that my brother is the British government. Well, he was being very heavy-handed about trying to recruit my services, and I wanted to make it perfectly clear that I was not suitable for that sort of work. I thought he’d gotten the message, but apparently not. Although I really can’t complain about this most recent scheme of his.”
“Mmm, yours,” Sherlock agreed against John’s mouth, letting his lover sweep him away in a tide of drugging kisses.
They emerged from the small corridor into a briny breeze off the water. By the dying light, John could see they were standing on a cliff, the rush of waves beating at a beach some distance below.
Methodically they searched over each item until they had reached the conclusion that there was nothing particularly dodgy about any of them besides being proper dungeon toys. John had a crick in his back from sitting on the floor for so long. A glance at the window showed the sun was still out, and it looked like a nice day.
“Splendid.” Mycroft cleared his throat. “John, I have it on good authority that you’ll be visiting my brother over the holidays. I wonder if you might give him a small gift from me, save me the trouble of posting it?”
John was having none of it. He clung to Sherlock turning him around, pulling him into his arms. “Sherlock, Sherlock . . .” John crooned his name, a hand gripping the back of his neck, as another wrapped around his shoulders.
“She and Evelyn spent the summers with us after their father died. I’ve seen her grow up.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Ah, heart stones.” The clerk smiled, lifting the velvet-lined tray out of the case.  He took one of the stones out, and held it up for Sherlock to see. When the man pressed lightly in the centre, the heart split neatly in half leaving two tear-drop shapes in his palm. “The halves call to each other once separated.  Couples who have to spend time apart like them. Each wears one half of the stone, and it lets them feel where the other is. Also, when the halves get close enough together, they glow, like this.” He motioned to the beautifully pulsing hearts in the box.
“You never know when we might NEED this extra stuff.” John said a bit defensively, stuffing another foil packet into his pocket.
“Oh, yeah, right, sorry.” The shorter man watched him with bright eyes as Sherlock took another bite of his pizza. He dropped his voice as he leaned in even closer. “What I’d really like to do is take a bite out of you, you gorgeous thing. God, you smell incredible. I’d jump your bones right now if I didn’t think I’d get dragged to prison for it.”
“The Resistance, fuck, Sherlock, you make me forget everything.” John blew out a breath. “You need to get out of here. This place is going up at dawn.”
John wanted to resist, wanted to wake his roommate, but those sensible thoughts were soon lost in a rushing tide of hormones. He let his hand slip down to grip a glorious handful of that plush arse.
“You need it for this wedding.” Sherlock turned the full wattage of his piercing gaze onto John. “Plus, you have an awards dinner at the end of each year with the football team. You’ll wear it again then.”
He felt the wall with his fingertips and found a small panel that slid across to reveal two iris scanners and on close examination realised that there was a concealed door in the wall.
“No, come on. It’s getting dark, why don’t we come back in the morning when we can actually see. . .”
Later, when John went off in search of the loo, Sherlock found a back door, and slipped outside to a patio. Someone had spelled it to keep out the cold weather, and just as he’d hoped, a number of people gathered in the warm, chatting, and smoking. It was but a moment’s work to smile charmingly, and beg a fag from a sweet little Witch with mousy brown hair. Sherlock stood to the side and sucked greedily at the smoke, gratefully letting it fill him, washing his thoughts clean at each puff. He was feeling much calmer until someone cleared their throat meaningfully behind him. His shoulders tensed immediately.
“Ah, good to hear I haven’t lost my touch. Only been pulling birds since I got here. Nice to have a bloke in my bed again.”
“Oh, and Sherlock,” she called over her shoulder.  “Cocktails are at 7:30 as usual. Why don’t you take your little friend up to your room and you can get changed into something nicer for dinner.”
“Mycroft.” Sherlock scrunched his nose. “I think he felt sorry for me. He pulled a few strings, got me the cushy position. I have a lot more time on my hands now, and huge resources at my reach. I won’t be able to just steal a few bags of supplies anymore. John, I could fill this warehouse with things the resistance needs and no one would ever know the difference.”
They made it downstairs only a few minutes late, but Harry was so caught up with watching Clara tell a story that it hardly mattered.
John nodded, his hand slipping down to grab Sherlock’s backside, pulling him flush against him, and it was Sherlock’s turn to gasp, and writhe, trying desperately to keep silent. John moved his mouth down Sherlock’s jaw to explore the line of his ridged neck. The touch over the sensitive spot felt like fire ripping through Sherlock’s veins.
“Harmless?” Sherlock lifted their joined hands to drop a kiss to the back of John’s. “You, Watson John, are anything but harmless.”
The next clip looked to be part of a cheap porno featuring a garishly orange sofa. Two ridiculously bouncy young men with several tattoos attempted to cram one partially erect penis into the foreskin of the other. John winced as they continued to slip apart and try again. Perhaps not being able to get a full erection skewed the results. Finally they managed to slide together, one holding his own foreskin open so the other could slip inside. John glanced over at Sherlock. The light from the screen shone in his eyes turning them silvery. He was simply entranced.
“It was,” Sherlock agreed, completely missing his sarcasm. “I considered locking Anderson, Donovan, and one of their cronies in a room and pumping a deadly gas in through the vents, so I could have what I’d been promised, but I thought even Lestrade might be able to solve that one, so I just snuck out the back.”
“To good friends.” Shakaar held his glass in toast. The others echoed his words, tipping their drinks back. Sherlock was surprised at how spicy the Urgot was. It burned its way down his throat. He’d have suspected that he’d been poisoned, but Kira and John’s coughing reassured him that everyone was suffering the same.
“Oh, watch out for the sea kelpies,” Bianca warned as Owen, Tom, and Dom drifted closer to a tank where what looked like two mermaids, their long green hair swinging over their faces and bare breasts lounged over the sides.
Breath temporarily regained, the dancer jumped again, flinging himself recklessly into space only to collapse down, prostrating himself, face down across the floor. With no seeming effort, he flipped onto his back, and half rose, undulating his body, chest to belly to pelvis, surging up from the ground in waves.
“Oh, silly boys, you’re both good for each other.” Mrs. Hudson laughed. “Sherlock, you needed someone, rattling around in that big house all alone. And you, John. You’ve just blossomed being here. You’re a good fit. Not like me and my husband, Frank. No, that was just a physical thing.” Mrs. Hudson drained the last of her wineglass.
John gasped in surprised when Sherlock leapt up suddenly, his long limbs a flurry of motion. He  flipped John neatly onto his back to scramble on top of him, his thighs bracketing John’s hips. John’s cock went from half-hard to full attention in a heartbeat.
Sherlock sighed, and proceeded to give Mycroft a report on his endeavours, what supplies he’d managed to direct to the Bajorans. He carefully left out any mention of his meetings with John though he knew Mycroft was well aware of them.
“We need to make do with what we have, alright?” John snapped. “I’m not sure how long our supplies are meant to last.”
John sighed, and opened a paper he needed to work on, and thankfully the awkward moment passed. Finally as the clock ticked deeper into the night, John yawned, and closed his laptop with a snap. He put things away on his desk, and grabbed his bathroom kit to go brush his teeth and get ready for bed. When he returned, Sherlock hadn’t moved from his desk. John cleared his throat.
When they reached the upper floor, Victor ignored Sherlock to stumble into the master bedroom, fumbling on the light switch. Sherlock and John followed.
Sherlock almost ran the last few steps to John’s front door.  It was half-way open. Something prickled Sherlock’s spine as he pushed it further open to enter. The place was a shambles. Everything had been tossed over or ransacked. The lovely chairs Mrs. Watson had inherited from Holmes manor lay broken on the floor. Sherlock ripped off his veils, and tore through the tiny house. It was hopeless he knew it, but he searched for clues, for anything that would tell him what had happened. The food was gone, the pantry and cupboards stripped bare. He flung himself into John’s room.
Mycroft held up an elegant hand to stop the tirade. “Sherlock, the villa belongs to the entire family. Perhaps I fancied a bit of a break as well? Besides, there are enough rooms here that we hardly have to see each other if we don’t wish to.”
They walked quickly in the frosty air to where John had left his Vauxhall parked. They’d agreed it wasn’t always good to draw attention with the posh sports car on outings such as these.
“Yes, this is it,” the man said. “Oh, no, I’m not a guest,” he added quickly as comprehension of Sherlock’s confusion dawned on him. “I’m a bedwarmer.” It was then Sherlock noticed the thin collar around his neck just visible in his open neckline.
John and Sherlock had agreed to meet at lunch time and let the rest of their days go, things were so hectic. Tom and Dom banged in to join them, and they’d moaned together about Professor Pinworthy’s charms test over bowls of stew. Sherlock had his nose stuck in a textbook as usual, but John held his hand under the table, and insisted he ate both a roll and an apple while he studied. All too soon, it was time to say good-bye again. John almost couldn’t stand it. He grabbed Sherlock on their way out the door, steering him to a nook behind a suit of armour a few paces down the hall.
A loud shriek caught their attention, and they turned, watching Joanne, finally caught, being helped down off the tables. She giggled uproariously, reaching out to tweak any nose close enough at hand. Once Professor Lestrade finally convinced her to drink a cup of antidote, she sobered quickly enough, looking about the room to blush nearly crimson.
“John, what the hell was all that?” Teddy demanded.  “I can’t say breaking the arm of the other team’s best chaser wasn’t helpful, but we can’t do that every game.”
John could smell the poncy hair product that Sherlock seemed to slather himself in, and underneath that, a subtle spicy musk, the scent of the man, himself. It was intoxicating. John
Sherlock led John to a back door, out into the warm buzz of bees and a wave of scent, the combined perfume of a thousand flowers that washed over John in a deep inhalation.
“Peace, son.” The Kai held up a hand. “No one is on trial today. We’re simply . . . getting acquainted. Mr. Holmes, if you wouldn’t mind joining me in my rooms?”
“There’s my good boy, there’s my good boy.” A hand soothed over his scalp, brushing his hair back, rubbing over the back of his neck as he settled.
Bin had worked many years enslaved in a mining camp before he and a group of others had managed an escape. He had limited vision, a hunched back, and was missing three fingers on his right hand, but he had taken to the computer classes with a fierce passion.
Sherlock floated in a world of John, John's scent enveloping him, John’s amazing mouth moving over him, mapping out the edges of his cheeks, and jaw, marking the boundary of his warming skin and the cooler air beyond. It felt marvelous, but still, Sherlock missed the feel of John’s mouth on his own, and he chased after him, sighing when their lips connected.
