Steve’s breath hitched in his throat. He pulled away a little, squeezing his eyes even more tightly closed. “Um,” he began, speaking in a halting, hesitant way, “don’t call me that, okay? I don’t like it.”
Tony couldn’t help the laughter that bubbled up out of him.  He was so close, so close to the edge, holding onto his control by his fingertips so Steve could come first, and Steve was asking if it was enough.  “I could have come ten times, Steve,” he laughed, arching his back, meeting Steve thrust for thrust.
Steve clasped his hands together, and tried to imagine that it was Tony’s hand holding his. He remembered exactly what it felt like. Exactly. He remembered the strength in those hands. How steady and firm they were. How they always made Steve feel better whenever they were on him. How they made him feel cared for. Loved.
The man who filled the space was tall, bald, broad-shouldered. He was wearing a business suit, still fastening his cuff-links as he looked between Steve and the kid, then back to Steve again. “Is my godson bothering you, Mr. Rogers?” he asked.
“Doctor Strange,” Steve said, standing to shake his hand.  “Thank you.  You’ve done so much.  Thank you.”
“Yeah,” he agreed, then cocked his head. “But, maybe it wouldn’t be a bad thing. My grandfather was in the Army. My dad wasn’t, but my uncle went into the military too. I don’t know.” He shrugged. “Plus, then my parents could add my college fund to my sister’s. If they did that, they wouldn’t have to take out any loans for her at all. She’d be taken care of completely.”
Sam shook his head.  “I know we were just saying he was like a tiger in a cage, but he’s not an animal.  He’s human.  He might be the most human out of all of us.  Maybe all of us combined.  Maybe that’s why Ross hates him so much.”
That had been one of Steve’s conditions.  He loved Fury and he respected Strange a lot, but Natasha was who he trusted most when it came right down to it.  At least, out of the people he would allow to know about this.  That did not include Bucky.  Or Sam.  Or Wanda.  And especially not Tony.
, Steve thought as he went back to the bedroom and sat down at his monitor. As he adjusted the camera angles in the adjoining apartment with a few clicks of his keyboard. He could see Tony right now if he wanted to, but he didn’t. He didn’t want to watch him. That wasn’t his job, and he wasn’t a creeper. He didn’t want to
Steve glanced into his eyes, then back down. “Yeah,” he said. “I know you wouldn’t. I would, though. And then you’d be upset that I was upset.”
else.  Steve had to do it his way.  He had to keep that goddamn soldier’s pride intact.  Nevermind that Wanda had come thousands of miles.  Nevermind that Nat had compromised her relationship, and Bruce had compromised his standards and his reputation.  Nevermind that Tony was falling apart.  At least Steve had his pride.  At least that was still whole.
“There’s something wrong with me, Tony.  My head, it’s...fuzzy.  I forget stuff.  I feel far away.  Sometimes I see stuff.  And I know it’s not there, I
He didn’t giggle, but he could feel one there inside his stomach. A happy little sound like one a kid would make. And he didn’t even care. He was glad. Glad that the thought of Steve still made him feel like a kid.
a sadistic piece of shit, at least he used his powers for good. Not like Obadiah. There was nothing good there. Hence, Steve’s presence here in this building. Position three. Whose new mission may or may not include keeping an eye on Tony Stark for the foreseeable future.
Steve’s breath picked up as Tony’s hand moved.  His eyes were still closed, but he nodded.  “Yeah.  It was.  Faster, Tony.  Please.”
Howard shook his head and smiled a little. “You don’t have to say anything, kiddo. I’m the one who needs to say things. A while back someone told me to call you. To talk to you. And he was right. Everything he said was right, but I couldn’t do it. I didn’t feel like I had anything to offer you. Nothing that would mean enough.” He nodded at the coin in Tony’s hand. “That’s when I decided to do that. I should have given it to you when I got it, but I was still afraid it wasn’t enough. It’s still not enough. I know that. I know it doesn’t make up for everything, Tony--for
Tony shrugged.  Steve felt the lift of his shoulders against him.  “Somebody’s got to,” Tony said.  “How long has it been, Rogers?”
Rhodey finished off his own beer and put the empty bottle on the table next to him.  He glanced at Tony sideways, his hands in his lap.  “He asked me to come get you, you know.”
“How’m I lookin’?” Steve asked, then jumped, laughing quietly when Tony gripped his ass. When he put his hand on his cock and gave it a little squeeze, Steve blushed. “At least kiss me while you’re doing that,” he murmured, but there was no heat to it. It was hushed. Almost reverent.
Because he was here to work. Work was all that was supposed to happen here. But now there was this. This Tony-shaped monkey wrench that had been thrown into the whole works.
He heard a scrambling on the other side of the door, then it was thrown open, and Morgan was there, beaming up at him, her hair in pigtails, teeth white and perfect inside her rosebud mouth. He thought she was the prettiest thing he’d ever seen.
They’d planned on watching the show out on the deck with Nat, Sam, and Bruce, but since Ross had pulled his little stunt and called them in, citing an “influx of terrorist threats against the president”--oh, and Tony
“Tony doesn’t know,” Howard said. “Yet, anyway. He’s mostly in research and development. He works with the art department, of course, but it’s not his main focus.” He shrugged a bit, one-shouldered like Tony--and Morgan. “When he takes the company over, he’ll be more involved with all the departments. Unless he’d rather stay in R & D and promote someone else to president. There are plenty of viable candidates in the company who would enjoy that work a lot more than Tony would, I think.”
When they got to the bed, Tony pressed on Steve’s shoulder until he was sitting on the foot of it. His hands immediately lifted to unbuckle Tony’s belt, but Tony moved them away. “No,” he said quietly. “Not yet.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, and lifted himself up on his knees. He grasped Steve’s cock and lowered himself down onto it, breathing through the stretch, exhaling out little gasps of pleasure as he sunk onto him. “Okay, baby."
Steve's face turned an alarming shade of red, while Tony and Sam cackled on the other side of the table.
from people when it got late.  When there’s no chance of actually sleeping near someone, there was really no point in going to bed at all.
light. Almost helium-balloon light. That was part of the reason he kept such a tight grip on Steve’s arm. He was afraid if he didn’t, he would float away. Just float away.
He left the bedroom and glanced up at the loft again.  Sometimes, after he’d pulled four or five all-nighters, Steve’s body would simply give in, and he’d sleep the clock around.  Tony hoped this was one of those days.  Steve knew he’d been working with the Avengers, but Tony had not told him about Ross’ occasional meetings.  He hadn’t had to.  Had, in fact, forgotten they even existed.  His mind had been a bit preoccupied of late.  What with Steve’s eyes across the table, and Steve’s voice on the phone, and Steve’s body in such close proximity to his own during their leisurely pre-bedtime movies.  Could he really be expected to remember such mundane details as a fucking
He stripped his clothes off and got into bed.  It was a spartan room.  Tony had tried the TV last night, and it didn’t even work anymore.
Steve turned his eyes to Nat.  He was starting to feel a little desperate.  Tony was stubborn, sure, but Jeff was immovable.  Steve even broke out his puppy-dog eyes.  He usually reserved them for special occasions--and this definitely fit the bill--but Jeff seemed totally immune.  That had never happened to Steve before.  “Nat, help me,” he pleaded.  “I can’t just
“You wanna fuck me, baby?” Tony asked, and Steve nodded, losing himself in the moment, losing everything around him, losing everything to the thought of Tony beneath him, their bodies moving together in a serpentine dance, one arm holding him against his chest, the other braced on the bed below, pistoning into him,
Steve nodded. “Yeah. You don’t trust me, Tony. I told you I took care of it. I told you I handled the whole thing with Thad, and you didn’t trust me enough to take me at my word and just let it go. When he came up to you and started talking, you should have just let it go. If you trusted me, and believed me when I said I had it taken care of, then you would have just ignored him."
“How do I look, Daddy?” she asked, and he cocked a critical eyebrow and moved his index finger in a tight twirling motion. She spun around, making the skirt of her dress bell out around her knees, and his heart did a strenuous tumble inside his chest, nearly bowling him over with his love for her.
They caught him on his way out of the building and began their spiel.  They were clean-cut young men.  Well-dressed and well-spoken.  On the outside, they were not much different from Steve himself, but their rhetoric was pure venom given a candy-coating to make it go down easier.
Tony tensed again, and when he looked away, Steve felt the delicate shell of his heart crack just a little. Not much. Just a little. Just enough to really really hurt.
And now here he was, Nick babbling happily next to him on the floor while Tony folded huge bath towels and tiny little baby socks. Nat herself lay curled up on the sofa, a cup of tea sat beside her hand. She had a cool cloth on her forehead.
He knew his mother worried about him, worried that he didn’t have enough friends, but he told her he was fine, and she believed him. Or at least she pretended she believed him. And that was almost the same thing anyway.
Tony smiled back.  The breach between them wasn’t quite mended, but it wasn’t big either.  It wouldn’t get any bigger, Tony vowed.  Never again.
“I’ll stop,” Steve said. He kissed Tony’s throat, traced the line of it with his tongue. “Just tell me to. And I will.”
Steve nodded his head. “But just sleep, okay?” he managed, trying to hold on to that last shred of self-control.
Tony slid closer and put his head on Steve’s chest.  He threw his arm across his waist, and his leg over Steve’s leg.  It was the way they had almost always lain together.  Thinking back, Tony realized it was the exact position they’d been in the last time they’d been together in this bed.  The afternoon before Steve was taken.  The afternoon before he’d nearly killed Tony and then himself.
Sorry again if the format looks wonky.  Between work and other stuff I can't get to anywhere with decent Wi-Fi.  One more chapter to go!
I really do like that name,” he said, and then he was gone. Back into his own apartment, the door closing with a soft click of the lock.
“No,” Tony soothed, running his hand through his hair. “Nononono.” He kissed Steve’s mouth. “He doesn’t hate you. He’d never hate you. That’s not what I meant.”
In spite of his fluttering eyelids, Steve felt a lone tear fall from his eye. “Nothing,” he whispered, then shook his head, because that wasn’t right. “
Tony tensed in his arms, and turned his head so that if his eyes were open, he’d be able to see into Steve’s. They were still closed, though. His brow creased in a frown. Steve wondered if he thought he was dreaming. “What are you talking about, baby?” he asked, and his voice sounded like maybe he thought he was dreaming.
Steve didn’t say anything. He just sucked Tony’s finger into his mouth. He just looked at him while he suckled on it, running his tongue back and forth over the pad until Tony’s breath came in short, panting gasps, and when it did, when Steve was satisfied, he finally let Tony’s finger go. He kissed his inner thigh again, caressed his flanks with his hands, then finally--
it. “If you don’t want to, it’s okay. We don’t know each other at all. I get it. I could just be some freak. We’ve all gotta be careful. But,” Steve started to move his thumb against Jack’s waist. It still felt weird. Almost like he was
.” He shuddered, a huge, volcanic shaking that he couldn’t seem to stop, and Tony squeezed his hand again, pressed it against his mouth.
He spied Steve’s sketchbook under the couch and hooked it out with his foot.  It was dusty, but there was a pencil sticking out of it around the midpoint.
Steve shook his head again, and he laughed a little under his breath, a smile--a real one--teasing around his lips. “I want to, Tony,” he said softly. “I just…it’s lonely. Sometimes. You know? They ‘Don’t Ask’, we ‘Don’t Tell’. And that makes it hard. Harder.” He shrugged, and Tony curled his fingers into his sweater, holding on to him. Steve gripped his hand tighter. “Anyway, I just want you to know it’s been awhile. And I’m glad it’s you here with me now.” He moved his head until it was resting against Tony’s. The smile stayed for just a second longer, and then it disappeared. He closed his eyes again. His forehead creased in a frown. His want, his
It would have taken longer, but Tony greased a few palms and handed out a few favors to get through the logistical and zoning red-tape, then called in a few miracles to get the folks doing the actual labor to work overtime until it was done.
She came around the table and slid into his side of the booth.  “I know,” she said, slipping her arm around him.  He lay against her, taking in her warmth and fierce love.  “I know, Tony.”
Tony had no idea what he thought about during all those hours spent on the dock.  He didn’t ask and Steve didn’t tell.  A chilly wall had come between them after that first night, and now, a week later, it was still there.
Steve slid down in his seat, slumping a little, crossing his arms over his chest.  Tony’s heart ached.  It was how he always slept on a plane.  In a car.  On the couch.  Whenever he fell asleep sitting up, it was the same.
company.  Public opinion means a lot to the success of that company.  It wouldn’t look good if she was involved in anything untoward.”
"I like you in red," he said, and brought Steve's hand to his lips. He kissed each finger, holding the silk-wrapped palm in his own.
Tony put his hand on the side of Steve’s neck and let his thumb move over his cheek, his lips, his chin. “Shit,” he muttered. “Baby. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I just...I came down here to kill a few hours until you got home, and I got sidetracked. I guess.”
The three of them stood looking at each other.  Tony on the stoop, Pepper and Strange in the doorway.  The moment stretched like taffy until Pepper regained herself.  She reached out and took hold of his coat.  “Come inside, Tony,” she said.  “If we’re going to be awkward and silent, let’s at least do it out of the cold.  You know your immune system gets low this time of year.”
“I feel good. It’s been a long time since I felt good. You know? It’s been a long time since I felt anything but...numb.” He ran a hand through his hair, a small, unconscious smile on his face. The kind of smile that could not--and should not--be suppressed. The kind of smile that would have told them everything, even if he hadn’t already done so in words. “I haven’t needed a drink,” he said, and the smile turned a bit guilty, “but I have snuck a couple smokes.”
Not just any suit. One that Tony had helped him pick out then had tailored to fit him with perfect, graceful ease. Steve had tried to tell him he didn’t need a suit, but Tony had insisted. He’d only seen him wear it once, to a luncheon with the Governor, and seeing him in it now was just the extra punch to the heart he needed. If he hadn’t been head-over-heels in disastrous love with Steve Rogers before, he certainly was now. Especially when he glanced at the counter next to Steve and saw his own chipped mug filled to the brim with steaming coffee next to Steve’s glass of orange juice.
“We don’t have to make a movie,” Tony said, and held him tighter. “We don’t have to do anything. It’d be nice to just hold you. Just wake up with you.” He kissed Steve’s jaw. “It’s been a long time since we did that. And that time-”
He took it and held it in his hands.  His face was uncertain. He brought it to his lips and sipped.  Smiled.  Sipped again.
He snapped off a little salute, then took the laundry basket into the bathroom. He whistled a little while he loaded the towels into the linen closet, then took Nick’s stuff into his bedroom and opened the drawers until he found the right ones to put things where they went. He wanted to do this right. And not just because he wanted her on his side. He wanted to do it right because he got the feeling she already
“Your rooms are just how you left them,” FRIDAY said.  “We’ve had them cleaned and made up with fresh sheets, but all of your things are still there.”
, not just him.  Not like the moon landing, or the JFK assassination, or the 9/11 attacks.  Now, with the TV on, and a fire in the hearth, and Tony’s head on his shoulder, he finally felt like he was a part of things.  He finally felt like he belonged in this world again.  Even if this world had stories about inequality, and climate change, and presidential scandals.
“You know he’s going to be up there in ten seconds,” Tony said quietly, carrying Morgan--now dressed in Sarah’s t-shirt--against his shoulder.
Steve tugged him. “Come here,” he said, and Tony came. He was reluctant at first, but as soon as Steve put his arms around him, he melted against his chest.
Pepper threaded her arm through his and walked him the door.  “I am sorry about Steve,” she said, fixing his tie.  “He’s not my favorite person, but that doesn’t mean I want him to hurt.”
?” he asked, twisting Tony’s endearment into something ugly.  “You don’t want to pull the trigger?  You like it more hands-on, don’t you?”
They fell silent, looking at each other in the dim room. All around them the party was going on, but here it was quiet, the space between them heavy with all the years they had, both together and apart. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve could see Tony’s girlfriend talking with Natasha and Bucky. He could see how pretty she was, how happy she looked, and his heart sank even lower.
“I’ve seen you here a few times,” he said, and Steve arched an eyebrow, “and I thought it would be...interesting to talk to you.”
Tony eased in his grip, eyes shining with a bright, brilliant love that was like looking at the stars on a cold, clear, winter night.
Tony raised an eyebrow, and she matched him. He nodded, smiling. “Wow. Okay. Okay. You got it, momma.”
Steve poured a cup of Bruce’s tea and pulled out a chair.  He met Tony’s eyes across the table.  Tony raised his eyebrow and Steve could hear the words in his head, a silent conversation that solidified his place here.
Josh put his arm around Tony’s waist, his own hand went to Tony’s hip. The exact same place where Steve’s hand had been five seconds ago. Not fair, Steve’s fingers said again. Not fair! “I thought you were coming right back?”
you.  He wanted you because you were a good man.  There was something ‘indefinably noble’ about you.  Those were his words, not mine.”
Steve thought about what he was doing here, the whole reason they’d even met, and swallowed down the guilt that bubbled up to the surface with another mouthful of coffee.
Tony shook his head. He could wait for Steve to tell him. He'd be there if and when he was. Tony was sure he could coax it out of him, but that would make him no better than the other people who simply took instead of waiting to be given. He wouldn’t do that. He would never do that. Steve deserved so much better than that. So much.
Steve followed Tony’s gaze, then squatted down and ruffled Dodger’s fur. “Go get Morgan, buddy, ‘kay?” he said. “Just for a second?”
Tony received several texts after that.  They ranged from concerned--Sam--to indecipherable--Clint, which contained nothing but
Before he could act on his impulse, though, Steve pulled back. He stayed close, stayed close enough so Tony could still feel the heat of his skin, and whispered, “Thank you for that.”
Steve squeezed him tight and lowered his mouth to his. He brushed their lips together once, slowly and deliberately, then dropped his arms and stepped away. Tony huffed in protest and tried to grab onto him again. Steve evaded him and held his hand up. “Nope,” he said. “Not tonight.”
“I wish I could suck you off right here,” Josh was saying, his hand moving on Tony’s cock. “Just crawl under the table, and put my lips around your dick. You taste so good, babe. Do you want me to do that? Would you like that?”
“Okay, okay,” he said, laughing quietly. “They do, but I’m not a superhero. Just a kid from Brooklyn.” He kissed her forehead. “But I
Steve tugged him closer to the edge of the bed and kissed his thigh. “Still the smartest person I ever met.”
“Then we’ll deal with that,” Tony said simply.  “We’ll take things as they come, okay?  You and me.”
Seventeen days.  Four hundred eight hours.  Dozens of forms to fill out.  Countless curse-words aimed at everyone from Doctor Strange, to Rhodey, to Bruce--but never the nurses.  Tony was infinitely sweet to them--for not letting him work remotely from his bed. Two threats of divorce when Steve refused to just pack him up and spirit him away from this fucking room.
“No, he couldn’t make it, Pete,” he said.  “He told me to tell you he was really proud of you, though.”
Steve ran his hand up through it. It was shorter than he liked now, but it was okay. It’d grow back. It always did. Just in time for Sarah to cut it again for his weekend away. He thought maybe in a few years, when he was done with his time in the Guard, he might let it grow a little more. Not too long--he didn’t think he’d like that--but maybe a little longer. See what the fuss was about. “Thanks, Mom,” he said, and she kissed his cheek.
“I thought you might,” Tony said. He snuggled deeper into Steve’s arms. “It was quite an adventure. You’re lucky Dodger’s still here. She insisted he was going with her.” He laughed humorlessly. “And thank god we have the S.I. jet. After all our collective shit, any commercial plane would have kicked us all out onto the runway.”
Strange ignored him.  “I believe we should do it tonight.  I’ve already contacted Miss Maximoff.  She’s en route now.  I offered to bring her by portal, but she opted for the jet.”
Tony held him for a minute. Kissed him a few more times. Felt the reassuring beat of his heart against him, then said, “Okay, baby. Tell me about the walks.”
now, if he’d been serious--had bought him that, at least.  There was a chair.  A desk.  The bed.  No pictures on the walls, but a few loose sheets of paper on the desk.  Tony picked them up and rifled through them.  Landscapes in crayon and watercolors.  No pencil for him here.  Too dangerous.  The thought of that was monumentally sad.
--he’d be able to identify Tony by his hands alone if he were ever called upon to do so.  He’d spent a lot of time studying those hands over the last couple of months. He liked looking at them. He liked how strong they looked.  How perfect, even with the rough calluses on the fingertips. He liked the fine dusting of hair on the fingers, the nails that were always perfectly trimmed but sometimes had a little grease still under them when they met for coffee or a movie. Steve liked to pretend it was because of him. Because Tony was in such a rush to see him that he sometimes hurried a little too fast while washing up just so he could get there to see him on time. Steve knew that wasn’t what was really happening, but he liked to pretend it, all the same.
Tony’s hand had still been resting on the gear shift.  Now he took it off and let it hover over Steve’s.  He traced one finger very lightly over Steve’s knuckles, then took it away.  “I’m not sorry.  Are you sorry you stayed?”
He hated the sad, pathetic way it sounded, but he did want to know.  In fact, right now, it was the only thing he really wanted to know.
Tony kissed him with a languid purpose, unhurried but complete, delving into his mouth with his tongue to slide against Steve’s, tempting it into his own mouth.  They kissed a lot.  Every day.  Dozens, sometimes hundreds of times a week.  A brush of lips over morning coffee.  Something sweet and chaste as they passed in the hallway.  A heavy, domineering, almost violent clash of lips and teeth and tongues as Tony straddled Steve’s lap on their bed, Steve pushing up into him, both of them panting, sweating, trying hard to reach their climax together.  But this, this was Tony’s favorite.  This slow, sensual, serpentine dance that was as much solace as seduction.  Breathing each other’s air.  Sharing each other’s space.  Existing together in this world of their own creation where nothing or no one could destroy what they so carefully constructed.
believe in Hell, and wasn’t suicide, to Catholics, right up there with murder and blasphemy?  To the religious, wasn’t it a combination of both?  If people were made in God’s image, wasn’t suicide like murdering God’s own form?
Tony was quiet while Steve thought about it. His mouth wanted to open and ramble, but he wouldn’t let it. He just waited, eyes open, staring into the corner at the jumble of their discarded clothing--t-shirts, jeans, socks, Tony’s boots, Steve’s sneakers--waiting while Steve arranged his thoughts into a pattern he could then reveal. Like an art piece.
Tony sighed, the sound harsh in the quiet room. “Steve?” he said, trying to keep the edge out of his voice. “What is it?”
Tony grinned triumphantly. “Good,” he said, and then his hand slipped off the cuff of Steve’s jacket, and directly into Steve’s. He folded them together expertly, as if he had been doing it his entire life, as if he just knew how they fit together. And they did. They fit together perfectly. Like magic. Like fate. “Wait ‘til you see my room, anyway. It’s a fucking disaster.”
Steve was silent, letting Tony take control, letting him lead him like a kid down the hallway toward his office. He just put one foot in front of the other, following Tony’s lead with his head down until Tony ushered him into his office and closed the door behind them. He kept his head down even when they were inside. He kept his head down until Tony said, “What’s going on?” He looked up then, and Tony fell back a step, struck by how old he looked. How hollow.
Tony was drowsy now, that elusive nymph, sleep, upon him again.  Such a fickle thing, appearing and departing only at her whim.
Tony kissed his chest, ran his hand over his side. “Then why…?” but he couldn’t finish. He didn’t know why. He just couldn’t.
“Don’t you have anything a little more…” he waved his hand indistinctly, trying to think of the word that fit. “I don’t know. Utilitarian?” And as soon as the word was out of his mouth, he was kicking himself internally because it made him sound like an elitist dick. He wasn’t--at least, he hoped he wasn’t--but it sounded that way.
He didn’t sleep. But he replayed their conversation--and every other conversation--over and over in his head, and that made it okay.
Tony grabbed his hand and pulled him to his feet.  “Come on, then.  I’ll run you a bath.  Help clean you up a little.”
He looked for Tony, but both he and Dodger were gone, along with Dodger’s leash that usually hung beside the door. Tony must have taken him out. Steve went into the bathroom, showered, and finally shaved his beard away. It felt weird looking in the mirror afterward. Looked a little weird, too. Just like Morgan had said.
He heard Steve leave the house as he put the dishes away.  He didn’t ask where he was going, but habit forced him to look out the window.  He didn’t go out to the dock this time, so it was to be one of his trips around the lake, then.  He did it a lot, wheeling along the paths and broken roads, using the pavement if there was any, making his way around the circumference of the lake.  It was eight miles.  Eight point three, to be exact.  Nothing like the marathon runs he used to take every morning, but it was harder going, with the chair, and he’d come back, red-faced and sweating, shower, then usually nap for half an hour before dinner.  Tony only knew this from observation, not because they talked about it.  They hadn’t talked about much lately.  “Much” meaning “anything”.
Tony had wondered if Strange would dress down or be in full Sorcerer Supreme regalia, Cloak and all, but he was just wearing jeans and another hoodie.  He loved his hoodies, did Doctor Strange.  Tony thought, knowing him, the effect was more pretentious than casual, but he supposed to the basic passer-by, he would appear just a normal guy doing normal-guy things.  Tony wondered if it was Strange’s attempt at a disguise.
Steve laughed, ran his hand through Tony’s hair, down his side, and grabbed the blanket. He pulled it up over both of them. “Yeah, but maybe not right now. You’re asleep.”
They didn’t speak while Steve parked the car. Or while they walked out of the parking garage and into the front door. They didn’t speak while they waited for the elevator. Or in the elevator. Or on the way out of the elevator.
Those were the kinds of things he had to write about. But, of course, he didn’t write about those either.
“Okay,” Steve said reluctantly, and they left, climbing into Tony’s car, Tony in the driver’s seat, music on but low. Morgan was quiet in the back seat, but every time Steve looked back, she was still awake, petting Dodger’s head where it lay on her knee. She met Steve’s eye every time, looking at him with a deep solemnity. Tony slipped his hand into Steve’s, and he smiled at him gratefully.
time sleeping. He let Steve sleep. It wasn’t very soundly, though. His muscles jumped beneath his skin. His brow contracted into a frown. He moaned. Muttered words Tony couldn’t quite understand. Tony put his lips against Steve’s ear and whispered, “Shh. It’s okay. It’s okay. I’m here,” and that seemed to soothe him a little. But not completely. His face never did lose that worried frown. His muscles never did stop twitching.
“I can’t help it,” Steve said quietly, then laughed without much humor. “I know how pathetic it is. Trust me, Tony. Nobody knows better than me that I should let go. Do you think I haven’t tried? I-”
still asleep.  “Yeah.  Look, go around to the garage, okay?  I’ll just slip into something a little less comfortable, and I’ll be right there.”
“But it won’t be enforced,” Fury countered.  “Because Captain Rogers asked for her presence, and I am inclined to agree with him on this.”
Just because someone else’s birthday happened to be the same day did not even enter into the equation.
“Okay, I guess.  It’s pretty quiet most of the time, and I get to go outside a little, so it’s not so bad.  Not as bad as...you know...the other one.”
“Good,” Tony said, and finally let his thumb graze Steve’s Adam's apple. It moved as Steve swallowed. “I’ll meet you here at seven. We’ll watch whatever educational bullshit Bruce has queued up, and then maybe...afterwards…”
Tony laughed, his own unique, natural laugh, and Steve smiled, relieved.  “Look, Tony,” he began, but Tony shook his head.
Steve didn't know.  He didn't think Pepper knew either, but he was pretty sure she had wondered.  He thought she might be wondering that very thing right now.
Tony kissed his temple, touched him with gentle fingers, and Steve sighed with a contentment Tony didn’t know he still had in him. “You go to sleep,” he said. “I’ll wake you up in a couple hours.”
“Rhodey?” he asked, blinking owlishly at him.  The sun was still bright, unfiltered by anything but the hint of tinting on the window.  “FRI, close the blinds.”
There was a pause, then her voice, her calm, comforting voice.  “It appears lightning struck their transmitter tower.”
Steve yawned pointedly and shook his head.  "Nah. Us old guys need our rest." He turned on his side away from Tony, pulling the blanket up over his shoulder.
.  And for what?”  Steve shrugged.  “Another grand vision.  No one could fix what Hitler did, but if we can undo what Thanos has done, maybe that’s worth a few lives.”
They were back.  Everyone who was dusted was back.  New York was now a flood of people, a sea of people, standing around, talking, looking, searching faces for someone they knew, someone they recognized, someone they loved.  Voices called out names.  There were tears of happiness, of confusion, of fear.  Hands reached out, blindly grasping.  Mothers found children, husbands found wives, and those who didn’t find anyone they knew, simply clung to each other.  Strangers held hands, arms intertwined, tears were wiped away by unknown fingers, and it was the togetherness that mattered.  That these people were home again, whole, complete, that’s what they knew now.  That’s what they cared about.
“Of course, you can,” Tony said, and the kid shoved the deli bag at Pepper and dug his phone out of his pocket.
Tony was on his feet and across the garage in five large steps.  Steve wrapped his arms around his waist and buried his face in Tony’s stomach.  Tony hugged him, clenching his fist in his shirt, the other around his neck.
“Steve!” she cried, and jumped into his space, crowding against him and burying her head into his stomach, little arms going around his waist.
“But nothing, baby.” He looked at the canvas, then back at Steve. He shook his head. “My god, Steve, don’t stop now. This is-” he rubbed his forehead. “Baby, this is not like anything I’ve ever seen in my entire life.” He looked at the canvas again, then out the window, then back into Steve’s anxious face. “Is this what you see? Is this why you like sitting here looking out this goddamn window all the time?”
“Oh, baby. Such a hardship,” Tony said, and pulled him closer. Steve came to him and clasped his hand, burrowing his head into Tony’s shoulder. He closed his eyes and sighed with contentment.
Tony nodded, mildly surprised.  He’d been ready for a typical Steve Rogers tongue-lashing.  And not the good kind.  “You’re welcome.”
Steve bent and kissed his mouth. He didn’t know how comfortable Morgan would be with seeing them in each other’s arms just yet. He wasn’t sure how much Tony had told her about their relationship, or if it was even a big deal at all. He didn’t want to risk upsetting her, but he needed that kiss. He needed that touch. Just for a second.
of him so close, but still too far away to touch.  All the shy glances, both given and received, the electric feeling of an accidental brush of a shoulder as they passed in the hallway, the way his eyes lit up when Tony came into the room, the way he smiled, the way he laughed, his hands, his voice, the curve of his neck…
Tony stood behind the workbench, a piece of the armor in front of him.  The hot smell of a soldering iron permeated this corner as he applied it to the metal.  He didn’t look up, but he didn’t tell Steve to leave either.
They ate dinner, then Tony, Sarah, and Morgan played a game of Go Fish while Steve did the dishes. Dodger stayed beside him the whole time, lying on the floor at his feet, as if he didn’t want to be apart from him. As if he knew that Steve was going to be leaving and wanted to spend every second with him that he could. And maybe that was true. Maybe he
Tony huffed out a laugh. Steve heard the relief in it. And the happiness. “God, I’d fucking love that.”
He opened a can of Coke and poured it over a single ice cube, then grabbed a bottle of water for himself.  “Here,” he said, and handed the glass to Steve.
Tony stood up fast, his knees popping.  The backs of his legs hit the vanity and he sat down, catching himself with his hand.  It was a reflex.  Only that, just a reflex, but the anger fell out of Steve’s face with an almost audible clap.  Cold misery took its place.
Thor picked up Stormbreaker and hefted it.  “The weapon of a god,” he mused, still looking curiously at Steve.
He pushed the love away. He could do that much, anyway. He pushed it away and just focused on the physical. Because that’s all this could be. That’s all he could give.
The simplicity of the words shook Steve’s resolve to the core.  He wanted nothing more than to stay.  Or better yet, take Tony with him up to his room and to his bed, but he couldn’t.
Tony felt a snap of electric anger. He made a grab for it before it could escape and run amok. It felt a bit like grabbing a tiger by the tail, but he managed it. For the moment. “Okay,” he began slowly, trying to keep that tiger from snarling, “I admit this wasn’t my finest hour. But, baby, if you’d been there, if you’d heard the things he was saying-”
it, so if you decide that just being friends is what you want, then that’s okay.  If I can just be near you, just see you and talk to you.  It doesn’t have to be every day, even, just sometimes.  If that’s what you decide you want, if that’s enough for you, I can make it be enough for me.  I’ve made it be enough for me for years.  I can keep doing it, I can.  As long as you let me be close to you, I can love you quietly.  No one will know.”
Steve smiled shyly.  “I like it when you do it,” he said.  Tony felt a slight pressure against his ankle, there and then gone.
Bruce leaned forward, hands between his knees.  “It was like somebody flipped a switch in his head,” he said.  “One minute he was lucid, talking normal, the next, he was out like a light.  Gone.  His eyes were still open, but Steve--our Steve,
Tony tried to ignore the sudden lance of pain through his heart.  Tried not to let it show on his face.
Sir Purr bumped his forehead against Steve’s chin, purring his rusty purr, saying in his own way, “Why, yes, Captain Rogers.  I
he was his best friend--and Steve didn’t want to upset him. Didn’t want to hurt him. “Sorry,” he said. “Sorry, Sam. I’ve just got a lot on my mind.”
--and he met Tony’s eyes again. “I said,” Steve went on. Plain again. But without that undercurrent of empty. Not this time. This time there was definitely something else there. “I don’t have any clothes on.”
Tony didn’t say anything, but Steve was very attuned to the sound of his movements throughout the room. He heard the minute whisper of Tony’s feet on the carpet, the metallic note of the closet door opening, then something else. Something...something Steve wasn’t quite sure of. Fabric? Yes. But what it was, he didn’t know.
Steve nodded. He was nervous--very nervous--but he had heard the anxiety in Tony’s voice, and he couldn’t stand to hear that. Tony was hurting enough. He didn’t want to make it any worse. And besides, he
The car was nothing like the ones he usually drove.  It was a Bentley, a big old dinosaur of a thing.  It had belonged to Howard and had been in storage since he died.  Tony brought it back to the Tower and set it up in the garage.  He changed the oil and the sparkplugs and replaced some of the hoses.  Minor stuff.  Stuff a kid could do.  He took it out for a drive when he was done, rolling down all the windows so the fresh air could come in.  It helped a little, but he bought an air freshener just in case.  It was strawberry.  Not his first choice, but better than the musty scent of age that had been there before.
Steve brought a hand to his head and rubbed his temples with his thumb on one side and his middle finger on the other.  He leaned against the counter and it suddenly came to him how many times he and Tony had been in this position in this room.  He was tempted to ask FRIDAY to count them up.  Just so he could keep a running tally.  It seemed only fair--Tony was keeping score, after all.
Once they left the store, it didn’t take long to get to the house on the lake. Tony turned down a long, rambling dirt road enclosed on both sides by pines, and then it opened up, and there was the lake, a sparkling jewel in a golden setting. Steve drew in a breath, and he felt Tony looking at him, felt the satisfaction in his glance, happy that Steve was happy.
sitting around in the park, and hanging out at your house, and listening to music with you, and talking to you. I don’t think about ‘other people’ when we’re together, Steve. I don’t. All I think about when we’re together is you.”
“I just don’t think she seems like your type.”  He gulped his coffee and put the cup on the counter with a loud clunk.  “Don’t get me wrong, she’s got assets,” he said, sketching a little hourglass shape in the air, “but I think she might be more than you can handle.”
She turned to him, and there were tears in the corners of her eyes.  She touched his hand consolingly.  “He won’t,” she said.
He woke up to Steve wiping his stomach with a warm, damp cloth. He kept his eyes closed, humming a little as Steve bent and kissed him, then when the bed dipped beside him, Tony automatically rolled toward Steve and curled up against his side. Steve put his arm around him, holding him.
The elevator stopped and they got off into the darkened living room.  Tony took his leftovers into the kitchen.  He’d had the waitress write his name on it in big bold letters with a black Sharpie--TONY STARK.  Steve had to bite the insides of his cheeks to keep a straight face.  When Clint came back, he’d take him out for a beer or something.  He kind of felt like he owed him one.
He squeezed his eyes shut tighter, and groped his hand out until it could curl around a fold of her pajama pants. He clutched it in his fist, feeling the heat of her calf through the fabric, and he drew as much comfort from that as he could. His other hand slipped into his pocket and grasped his sobriety chip. He drew comfort from that too.
And speaking of people FRIDAY had too many feelings about considering she was a machine and shouldn’t have feelings in the first place…
Tony took pity on him, not wanting to drag this out, not wanting to put him through the ordeal of decisions and declarations and being afraid he’d made the wrong choice.
His fingers ran back into Steve's hair.  It was still wet from the shower, and it slid gloriously between them.  "Really."
Steve shrugged. “Me and Bucky come here sometimes. He brought me as soon as I came home from Afghanistan. I was-” he ran a hand through his hair. “I was in a bad place. It was quiet here. Soothing.” The corner of his mouth ticked up. “It made me feel better,” he said. “Still does.”
He smiled at him instead. Just a tiny one, just one corner of his mouth. “Sorry I missed movie night,” he said softly.
“Maybe I’ll just keep him,” Tony said idly. “Take him to the office with me. Everybody would probably love to see a dog. People love dogs. Like half the internet is about dogs. And kittens. And porn.”
That laugh again. Low and fond. Steve felt a prickle of tears in the backs of his eyes, and he wiped them away before they could fall.
“But, I was just thinking about what I said earlier,” he said, and Tony slid off his lap with a groan. He collapsed on his back on the couch, arms spread wide, defeat writ large on his face. Steve laughed and grabbed his arm to haul him back up. “As I was saying,” he began, and Tony groaned again. “I know it’s your birthday this weekend, and you’ve probably already got plans, but-”
He got in, and Tony drove them home, guiding the car with his usual confidence. Morgan chattered for a while in the back seat, bouncing the stuffed shark Steve had bought for her in the gift shop along the back of Steve’s seat, bopping him in the head with it every once in a while. The closer they got to home though, the quieter she got, and as Tony pulled into the parking garage under his building, Steve glanced back and saw she was asleep. Her head was cocked to the side, dark hair in her eyes, the shark hugged tightly in her arms.
Steve couldn't stand it.  Didn't feel worthy to be here among them.  Not when he could have stopped this from happening.  Not when this was his fault.
Tony laughed.  “Talk about something else then,” he said, curling his free arm through Steve’s and letting him lead him back to the kitchen.  Dinner was on the stove.  Spaghetti and homemade marinara.  Garlic bread on the counter all ready for the oven.  Salad in the fridge.  Bottle of chianti on the table.  “I want to listen to you talk all night.  Okay, baby?”
Tony kissed him again. “Okay. But I want you to know you can talk to me. About this. Or anything. I’m here, baby. I want to help you if I can.”
We are getting closer to the end. One more chapter, I think (maybe two, we'll see how it shakes out) then after that, I think there's one more story.  I really do think that will be the last one. I am going to try and post it in March.  That will mark the one-year (!!!!!!) anniversary of me starting to write this series.
Tony laughed, but it wasn’t the laugh Steve was used to hearing. If you could call something that hadn’t happened in over three years--and even then just barely--something you could be
Tony thought of him in the bathroom before his first appointment, beautiful in his jeans and simple button-down, asking Tony if he looked healthy.  “Mental-healthy”.
Steve kept walking. He didn’t look at Sam. He didn’t look back. He didn’t have to. He didn’t want to. Even when the sound of Tony’s car growling into life reached his ears. Even when it howled like a jungle cat as he punched the gas. Steve just kept walking. He didn’t look up. Didn’t look after it, even when it sped directly past them, made an illegal U-turn in the street, and passed them again in a showy flash of red and a squeal of tires. He just kept his head down and kept walking.
It hurt his heart, too.  Pepper had been such a good part of his past.  He’d loved her more than he had ever loved anyone before.  He still did.  But this thing with Steve...it was fate.  Tony didn’t believe in fate, but that’s what it was, all the same.  There was no other way to explain it.
But Steve was already digging it out of Tony’s pocket, pawing at the Italian leather like it was cheap vinyl, to get to the condoms inside.
“I’m talking about how fucking stupid you two are,” Sam answered. “I’m talking about how he’s so in love with you it’s painful for me to look at. And how you stare at him all the time--which tells me pretty clearly you’re in love with him too--but won’t go anywhere near him unless you absolutely have to, and it’s starting to piss me off.”
Tony ran his fingers through the hair at the back of Steve’s neck, pressed his thumb into the muscle there. “Are you sure?”
“I need to go too,” Obadiah said. Steve tried not to watch out of the corner of his eye as Obadiah levelled a finger at Tony. “
he did, anyway. The last few months since he’d been living here. It had taken him some time to get used to having so much free time in the evenings and on the weekends. He’d never worked a job where there was so little to do. He knew why he’d been sent here, but that didn’t mean he liked it. He couldn’t wait until he was reassigned.
“Do you think that’s why I’m mad?” Steve asked. “Because you hit him?” His face was a cold mask of hurt, and Tony wished again that he had just stayed home. If Steve forgave him, he vowed, he was never leaving the house again.
Steve shrugged. It was a tired gesture, and Tony could see lines of strain around his eyes and mouth. “Don’t know. I walked around for awhile before I came here.”
Tony hadn’t said the “I love you” words either. He wanted to. He’d been pretty sure, even back when they were eleven-going-on-twelve that he was in love with Steve Rogers, and now he knew it for sure, but there was no way in hell he was going to say it. He’d seen his parents’ marriage before his mother died. He’d seen the way Howard treated her even while telling her he loved her, and he didn’t want that to happen to him and Steve. He never wanted that to happen.
“Quiet, you, I’m telling a story,” Tony said, and the corner of Steve’s mouth lifted a fraction of an inch.  “So, after this fight, you came down to the lab.  I didn’t want to let you in, but FRIDAY kept talking you up, which was fucking annoying.”
Steve took one arm from Dodger and put it around her waist, hugging her tightly. “Hi Mom,” he said, and she kissed his cheek furiously.
Tony dropped his head theatrically against Steve’s shoulder.  “Fuck my life,” he muttered, and Steve laughed.
The lights were off again, but he could still see Steve in the water. He was glorious in the water. Graceful. Elegant. Tony stood in the shadows for a moment just watching him. He didn’t feel any sense of anger this time, though, thank god, just awe. Just longing, and when he couldn’t stand it anymore--couldn’t stand to not be near him anymore--he stepped toward the pool.
Steve mirrored Tony’s laughter and held him tighter, never wanting to let him go. “No,” he said. “I don’t. It’s just me. It’ll always be just me, ‘cause I’ll be the only one stupid enough to let you go.”
Steve pulled him closer and kissed the side of his face with a gentleness that was heartbreaking in its fragility, then held him, just held him.
Tony sighed.  “Okay,” he said, giving in.  “I guess we’re talking about this.  Yeah.  Okay?  I mean, I knew he’d liked me for a while.  At least, he alluded to it a little.  Sometimes.”
He moved closer, draping himself over Tony’s chest without a word. Tony wrapped his arms around him, petting his hair, and kissing his forehead. Steve tightened his hold on him.
He rested his cheek on top of Steve’s head, and when he did, he caught Clint’s eye across the deck. He was grinning at them, a dopey, delighted look that Tony could not help but return.
Tony’s smile deepened, and that tingly feeling exploded through his entire body. Tony leaned closer to him again, and laid his head on Steve’s shoulder. His hand slipped off Steve’s neck, and caught in the fabric of his shirt instead, curling into a fist and holding on. “Yeah, I’m okay.” He paused, listening to the birds overhead, then went on. “I still don’t want to go, though. To California. I’d rather stay here.”
The corner of the salesman’s mouth turned down in an irritated little frown as if Tony had insulted his middle child. “I think anything larger would overwhelm your wrist, sir,” he said with a chilly edge to his voice.
Tony got out of the car and looked around.  He didn’t want to get out.  It wasn’t the safety of the Iron Man suit--hell, the Hemi-Cuda’s windows weren’t even bullet-proof, just plain old safety glass--but just being inside that metal shell was a source of comfort.  It was like a womb, a metal womb that was both protective and comfortable.  It was an illusion, of course.  Any metal could be breached if given the time and resources, but sometimes the illusion of safety was enough.
Steve ran his hands up Tony’s sides and gave him a heated look.  “Will you do that thing I like?” he whispered.
“Yeah.  You’re not supposed to damage the packaging, right?  Lessens the value.  Peter told me that.”
what you just said,” Tony countered, kissing him again. “What you said is that I was different. You said I mattered more than anybody else.”
Steve looked at him out of the corner of his eye. His mouth bowed slighty. “I was trying,” he whispered. “But you took my bottle away.”
Steve held his hand out. “Okay,” he agreed immediately. “Come here. Tell me what to say. I’ll say anything. I’ll do anything.” The words came out plainly, but he meant them. He had never meant anything more in his entire life. He would do whatever Tony said. He was completely prepared to agree to anything Tony needed. He had left the army when Pietro asked, but there had always been that tiny seed of resentment there. That tiny bit of hurt and anger that Pietro would ask him to give up something that had been so much a part of who he was, but right now, if Tony asked him to leave his entire military career behind, he’d do it no questions asked. He’d change whatever Tony asked him to change. He’d become whatever Tony wanted him to become. He’d do anything.
Steve smiled sadly, trying not to let his shredded heart show in his eyes, but he was pretty sure some of it came through anyway. “You’re special, Tony,” he said. “You’re smart. You’re kind. You’re-” he laughed. “You’re the best thing in the whole world.”
had a giant green rage-monster living inside of him, he’d like the feeling of a little space, but he didn’t. His own monster was a little smaller. A little quieter. More like something with sharp, evil teeth gnawing at his insides, than something as gorgeous and grandiose as the Hulk.
“I really am sorry,” Tony said, and ran his hand through Steve’s soft blond hair.  It was a win-win, that gesture.  Tony liked doing it, and Steve liked him doing it.  He’d never said so, but his eyes always fluttered closed and his body eased when Tony did it.  It happened just that way now.  He wrapped his big arms around Tony, sunk his head onto his chest, and held him.  He didn’t say anything.  Just held him.
“Don’t call me that!” Steve shouted, and leapt forward.  As he came, he swung his arm in a short, hard arc, and it was only when the headlights caught on the blade, that Tony realized the thing he’d been holding was his razor.
Tony looked like he was about to say something else, but he just smiled instead. Ran his finger down the slope of Steve's nose to his mouth and traced it. "Get some sleep," he said.
Steve laughed again, and even through his irritation, Tony felt warmer. Happier. Happier than he’d ever been in his entire life.
“I don’t know,” he said.  “I just...I love you.  I love you baby, and I think, all this time, I’ve been waiting for the other shoe to drop.  You know?  And I think I just realized today that there
Tony did as he was told, slowly and thoughtfully, exploring Steve’s familiar mouth with his tongue, loving how he knew just what to do to make Steve shiver.  He’d always heard them say familiarity bred contempt.  What did they know?
Slowly, he shook his head. “I’m not ignoring you, Tony,” he said, and was elated to hear his voice sounded not only steady, but cool and relaxed, confident in a way he rarely was here. It was, he realized, the way he sounded when he was with the other soldiers in his squad. Like he was a man in control. Like a man who could give orders that should be followed without question.
Steve bowed his head, bit his full, red lower lip.  His brow furrowed as he thought, but when he turned to face Tony finally, the only thing on his face was a determined resolve.
She smiled and walked away.  Tony watched.  He was not immune, even now, to the swish of a skirt, and hers swished pretty well.
Tony felt the weight of that responsibility settle onto his shoulders.  It was heavy, but it was good.  Warm.  Sweet.  It was a burden he wanted to bear.  He wasn’t sure if he was strong enough to carry it, but he wanted to try.  He nodded.  “Yeah,” he said.  “I am.”
“Good,” Tony sighed. He ran his hands over Steve’s back, through his hair, lifted his head so he could kiss him again. And again. “So?” he said. “What do you say? Wanna live with me?”
They splashed puddles all the way to the dog park, avoiding the sheets of water thrown up by the passing cars sometimes by the narrowest margins. The sky
The guy laughed like Steve had made a joke, and Steve’s eyebrows drew together. “You’re funny,” the guy said.
Steve stood up and bumped his shoulder against Tony’s.  “Of course you will.  Nothing keeps Tony Stark down.”
Steve pressed his mouth to Tony’s softly.  “You don’t have to be,” he said.  “We’re in this together, right?  I’m here.  I’m always gonna be here.  If something’s scary, you just tell me, okay?  We’ll fix it.  We’ll take care of it.”
He clapped his hands together and gold, glowing discs appeared around them.  He held out his hands, and it was as if reality crumbled away around them, leaving a hole in the fabric of the world.  Where the pleasant, sleek sofa had been a moment before, there was now a one-bunk prison cell.  It was dark, cold, and lonely with only a toilet, a sink, and a bed.  It was framed in gold, but the prettiest thing, the most beautiful, glorious, perfect thing, was sitting on the bunk staring at them.
He sat with her for a while, watching her sleep, and when she didn’t wake up, barely even moved, he stood up, kissed her again, whispered, “I love you, Mom,” and left, closing the door softly behind him.
Tony nodded and knotted his hand in Steve’s hair, holding him in place, standing on tip-toe to give him easier access. “Yeah, baby. It’s more than okay. It’s...it’s...
Steve and Tony shared an amused look over her head, then turned back to the TV. Tony kept his hand on the back of Steve’s neck, running his fingers through his hair. Steve tipped his head to the side, leaning into the touch. With Dodger lying on the rug near their feet, the lights turned low, and the warmth of Morgan pressed up against him, Steve didn’t think he’d ever felt quite so happy in his entire life. The nightmares of the night before seemed a million miles away.
Tony ran a hand through Steve’s blond hair, brushing it back from his forehead, and kissed his lips, slipping just the tip of his tongue between them.  “Wow.  Lucky me,” he said.
Steve’s jaw clenched, the muscle working.  Distantly, he felt Natasha’s fingers digging into his knee, trying to ground him, trying to hold him back.
Steve felt like kicking himself, but Tony glanced up and lifted the corner of his mouth in a tiny smile.  “That’s your department, Cap.  I’m just a glorified mechanic.  You’re brains here.”
“Ugh,” Tony muttered, “you’re a terrible cuddler, Rogers.” He stood up and settled himself in Nat’s lap instead. She curled one arm around his waist and the other over his shoulder. “Oh, that’s better,” Tony said. “Take a lesson, Cap.”
Tony laughed.  She’d waited until Gina was gone before asking, and that was good.  She always erred on the side of discretion.  It was one of the things he loved about FRIDAY.  JARVIS’ instincts had not been as finely tuned.  He had interrupted more than one sexual escapade with a comment or a question.  Once, he’d frightened the poor girl Tony’d been with so much she’d ran out of the room naked, screaming about UFOs and alien voices.  Of course, it hadn’t helped that they’d both been done up on some high-octane coke at the time.  On second thought, maybe JARVIS had been trying to tell him something with his interruptions without coming right out and questioning his sometimes questionable taste in partners.
“There’s nothing reasonable about love, Steve,” Tony said.  “It’s not something you figure out.  You just go with it.”
Steve shrugged, a small, disappointed lift and fall of his shoulders, a pout lingering around his mouth.
He looked back at the bar. Josh, occupied with kissing him, didn’t notice. At least, Tony assumed he didn’t notice, but he had kind of forgotten about Josh again. Steve was turned in profile, and all Tony could see was the sharp jut of his jaw. The soft pout of his lips. He was talking to the guy sitting next to him. Tony thought it was the guy he’d come in with, but he couldn’t say for sure. He’d been a bit too preoccupied with the sight of Steve himself when he came through the door to pay much attention to his companion, but he was paying attention now. He was maybe a little shorter than Steve, a little smaller, but he had dark hair and eyes that popped even in the dim room. Tony felt a frozen ice-pick stab of jealousy go directly through his heart.
?” Morgan giggled and nodded, her cheeks flushed pretty pink, her lips smiling and red. She really was gorgeous.
Steve nodded. “Okay.” He stooped one last time and gave the box a final nudge into place, then retreated slowly down the aisle. He was acutely aware of people looking at him...but that might have been his imagination. Surely, Mr. Barker didn’t tell everyone in the store that Howard Stark had come to see lowly little Steve Rogers. How could he have? Steve certainly hadn’t heard the intercom system making an announcement. And even if he had, how many people
Yeah.  She was Steve’s kid, alright.  Through and through.  “Really, sweetie, it’s fine.  Ross isn’t going to do anything rash.  Are you, Thad?”
Steve sat up, opened his eyes, and looked around, dazed.  “Tony?” he said, and Tony sagged in relief.
Steve took the stairs two at a time, but he wasn’t sure if his feet touched them at all.  When he neared the top, he stopped and said, “FRIDAY?  Are you there?”
Tony pressed his mouth against Steve’s shoulder. It didn’t last long, just a heart-stopping, thrilling moment, but Steve felt his head get very clear. It always got clearer when he came here, but this, this crystal-blue, sharp-eyed clarity was new. In it, he knew this was the right decision. Being here with Tony and Morgan. He knew this was real.
Tony kissed the lobe of his ear again. “And we thought we never agreed on anything.” He tightened his legs around Steve’s midsection, grinding against him, swallowing his gasp with another kiss. “Come on,” he said. “Let’s go downstairs.”
. One poolside chat and a sobriety coin didn’t erase thirty years of pain and neglect. Not even close.
Steve laughed, not even minding the “Rogers”.  It sounded different when Tony was this close.  “Super-serum, super-memory.”
“I took a walk,” Steve said. He felt his arm tighten around Tony’s waist. It happened automatically, without his input at all. Just his body reacting--like instinct--and he went with it because it was what he wanted anyway. He wanted to feel Tony. Feel his body, his heart, his breath. Everything. “It didn’t help much.”
She gave him a look as she began wiping the rest of Baxter’s files clean.  Tony had given her a device specifically for this purpose.  Just in case.
Steve sighed and Tony smiled.  He knew when he had his way.  He lifted one of Steve’s hands and put it on Sir Purr’s back, then slid it along the yellow fur.  The cat glared at Steve for a moment, then closed his eyes as Tony guided Steve’s hand along his back.
Nat smiled and when she did, the curve of her lips became the only thing in the world. “Tell you what,” she said and tapped the kid’s wrist with one red nail, “you pour two drinks for me, walk away, and you get the satisfaction of knowing you made my night.” She nodded her head in Steve’s direction. “And Captain America’s.”
And by snuggles, I mean sex. Just some forewarning there. I may have went a little overboard. But I wanted a little sugar in the bowl before I set it on fire. Sorry.
He waited by the passenger-side door while Tony climbed in and unlocked it, then slipped inside the car with practiced ease. He tossed his bag in the backseat like he’d done dozens of times before, and buckled his seat-belt while Tony keyed the engine to life. It sounded the same. Loud and good. Steve felt his spirits lift a little. It was irrational. He knew it. One little car ride was not going to make much of a difference, but he felt it anyway. Felt it and went with it, hoping he was wrong. Hoping it
Steve glanced at his feet. The smile was still there, but it changed a little, faded, then resurfaced. Tony wasn’t sure what it meant. Or if it meant anything at all. Steve nodded, then turned and walked away, toward the door leading to the stairs.
Steve’s eyes shifted to the little blonde at the next table.  She had put away her crayons, and was now looking at a picture book.  There was a little red cup of Cheerios beside her.  “You should find somebody else, Tony,” he said, his eyes still on the girl.  “Get married.  Have a family.  It’s not too late for that.”
Steve came closer, his eyes roaming over his face, took his hand.  “Are you sure?  You seem a little out of it.”  Those three vertical lines appeared between his eyebrows.  Tony suddenly wanted to run his tongue across them, see if he could taste his thoughts.
Ross walked toward him.  He seemed unmoved by Steve’s posture or his expression.  Tony didn’t know whether to be impressed or afraid for Ross’ safety.
than a little relieved when he heard Clint stand up and leave the room. As much as he loved Clint--and he did--he wanted Steve to himself right now.
Steve looked up, and for some reason, was totally unsurprised.  He hadn't really known why he'd come outside, why he'd come out the side door and not the front entrance, but he knew now.  He knew as soon as he saw Clint sitting on the railing a little way down from the door. He knew. "Hey, Clint."
Steve snuck his fingers back under Tony’s shirt, but kept his palms on his hips, still wanting to touch him, but trying to slow it down just a little too. “Don’t know,” he said. “Um. Forest fire?”
“What do you think?” Tony asked. “Can you go with Mrs. Rogers and Sam so I can talk to Steve? And I’ll be up in a little while?”
“Tony?  Are you okay?”  His voice was deeper inside their heightened bubble.  His blue eyes like flashing sapphires.  Blue.  God, so blue they hurt.
He didn’t really know. They’d tried watching it three times during movie night, but he’d never made it past the first thirty minutes. He’d heard there was a computer that went crazy, but he had never seen anything even resembling a computer. All he’d seen was some prehistoric guys running around doing whatever it was prehistoric guys did, and when he woke up however many hours later, the screen was dark and everyone else had gone to bed.
And now here they were, eating huge slices of pizza on paper plates in a dingy pizza parlor with the best house-made pepperoni in town. Tony in jeans and a wash-worn Nirvana t-shirt and Howard in a dress-shirt with the sleeves rolled to the elbows, his suit jacket slung over the back of his chair and his tie pulled down. Tony and Howard Stark, looking, to any passerby, like a father and son sharing a leisurely Saturday lunch. And...they would be right. That was the bitch of it.
Tony was holding it together fairly well.  He kept his body easy, his voice, aloof.  Nevermind that his guts were boiling inside his skin.  Nevermind that his brain was going haywire and his heart was racing so fast it felt like an attack.  The butterflies were back, beating their wings in that old, familiar rhythm--SteveSteveSteveSteve.
Another kiss. On his cheek this time. Then the corner of his mouth. Tony was smiling. He could feel it in the curve of his lips. “You’re welcome, sweetness. Anything for you.”
She touched his cheek again, smoothing across his cheekbone with her thumb. “That’s the one regret I have,” she said. “That you didn’t get to know him. And that he didn’t get to know you. Didn’t get to see what an amazing man you’ve grown up to be.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said. “I know I shouldn’t be here, Tony. I didn’t mean to make things...weird for you, but-” he sighed and ran his hand through his hair.
It wasn’t in color, that now almost life-size image, but it didn’t need to be.  Tony’s mind could add the gold streaks to the hair, the faintest pink tint to the creamy pale skin.  Even the faded blue of that ratty old Yankees t-shirt he refused to give up.  He was lying on his back, one hand behind his head, the other one on his stomach, and Tony thanked god his eyes were closed.  If he’d had to imagine the exact color of those blue, Irish eyes, he thought he might go crazy.  As it was, he still felt a little crazy.
Tony let out a breath and it was almost a laugh.  “Are all you Brooklyn boys this self-sacrificing?  Or is it just you two?”
There was a long pause, then Tony’s breath as he sighed. Steve gripped the phone tightly, waiting. “My ex-wife called today,” he said. “It...threw me off a little.”
Even in the dim light, he knew the shape of her body under those blankets.  He knew that shoulder.  He knew the sound of her breath.  Tears came, all unbidden to his eyes, and he thought he had cried more in the last twenty-four hours than he had since Peggy died.  But he didn’t mind.  These tears didn’t sting.
Steve immediately stubbed it out on the railing, grinding the filter against the wood.  “Okay,” he said.
They fell silent, but this was nothing like the silence that had fallen between them earlier. This one crackled with energy. With potential. It was like the silence they had shared so long ago, sitting at a table in a diner, gazing at each other over sodas and declarations not made, but definitely hinted at. Back when they’d been young, fresh, and everything between them was still so new.
He shrugged.  “I don’t know.  A while.  I didn’t really realize what it was until Clint’s farm, though.”
He tried to smile, tried to tell her he was fine, not to worry, everything was right with him, everything was right with the world, but she could see through him. He knew it as well as he knew his own name. He shrugged instead. Shrugged and sighed. Nothing was right with him. Nothing ever had been. This was just one more symptom, one more malady. But there was no serum to fix this one.
He fidgeted with his napkin, drank his punch. It was just punch, nothing harder, but he could wait. He didn’t think about his drinking much. He didn’t
“Fine,” Tony relented and Steve rolled away.  But not too far.  He laid next to him, curled his fingers into Tony’s, and angled his head onto his shoulder.  It wasn’t a human blanket, but it was the next best thing.
Tony tossed him aside and he and Natasha rolled to the ground, playfully tussling.  Bruce sidled closer to Sam who just folded his arms, watching them wrestle.
Tony stared at him for another few seconds, then nodded. He laughed a little. “Okay. Okay. I’ll think about it. About nothing.”
“Oh, baby,” Tony said, and eased his arms around his best guy.  Steve leaned against him, taking in the love and comfort Tony wanted so desperately to give him.  Tony had been accused more than once--more times than he cared to remember, actually--of being a stingy lover.  Cold-hearted.  Cruel, even.  But, with Steve, he just wanted to give and give, give until it hurt, give until he bled.  Sometimes, when Steve was lying next to him in bed, Tony would look at him and wonder if he would ever be able to give enough.  Or if he could give too much.  But then Steve would open his eyes and look at him, and Tony would realize how ridiculous that was.  Everything he gave, Steve returned.  Neither of them would ever empty out because they kept replenishing each other.
Tony bumped his knee against Steve’s.  “Then stop talking,” he said, “because I’m starting to regret you coming out of sedation.”
would have been a mistake. Especially after what Nick had said about distancing himself. Especially because Nick was right. He should distance himself, and fast, before this got to be more than the training could handle.
Tony looked at him, looked into those eyes that he still dreamed about, still thought about every single day. He cupped Steve’s cheek, brushed his thumb along that high cheekbone. “It can only be once, Steve,” he said. “Just once, okay? Just tonight. She and I-” he shook his head, “-it really is serious. Okay?”
--but there was something about the Hemi-Cuda that spoke to some deep, hidden part of himself.  That loud, dark, somehow feline growl of the engine. The sleek lines. The midnight interior, the horses under the hood.  He loved it. Loved driving it. Loved riding shotgun while Tony was driving it. It felt like the ultimate in both safety and danger at the exact same time.  And that was why he loved it. It called to him. To that duality in his nature that Tony had always seen, always loved, always feared. That safety. That danger.  It was him. And it was Tony, too. Because he was the same. Steve saw that duality in him too. In Tony's arms, he felt safe. In Tony's arms, he felt danger.
Steve lifted his hands and touched Tony’s waist. It was all he dared do. All the contact he dared have. He was afraid of what would happen if he let himself go further.
Tony shook his head, ran an incredulous hand through his hair. “Do you have any idea who you sound like right now?” he asked.
Tony nodded.  They were sitting in a bar in New York.  Just a little hole in the wall place where they could talk without being bothered, yet still get pleasantly plowed.  Places like that still existed.  You just had to know where to look.  Sam, Tony found, knew where.  It kicked his harmless little crush on him up a notch.
“I can’t,” he’d said that morning when Natasha reminded him. His eyes had cut to Tony standing at the counter with a cup of coffee in his hand. Tony had been checking emails on his tablet, but he had discovered if he positioned his glasses just right, he could still see Steve without it looking like he could see him. It was just one of the tricks he used to keep tabs on his not-as-friendly-as-he-used-to-be friend.
He came around the chair and sat on the vanity so he could look Steve in the eye.  No reflection was enough for this, he wanted the real version.  He plucked Steve’s hand out of his lap and held it in both of his own.
.  I kept telling Nebula, ‘Steve’s coming.  Steve will find us.’”  He laughed cynically.  “I shoulda known better, though, right, Rogers?  It’s not the first time you left me somewhere.”
Tony scrubbed a hand over his face.  He’d been through all this in his mind a thousand times, and he always got hung up here, too.  But, he had to push through.  Play through the pain.  Just do it.  And all the other sporty metaphors that basically boiled down to “Stop caring so much and get the job done”.  That’s what he was trying to do.  Stop caring.  Get the job done.
He thought about it. Thought about going to work at Stark Industries. Thought about doing that again. Working.
“And tell him where I am.  I mean, if he’s going into the living room and I’m there...I don’t want to startle him.”
“God,” Steve whispered and bent to capture Tony’s lips again. “Really?” he asked into Tony’s mouth. “You want me to?”
Steve turned into Tony, put his hand on Sir Purr’s back, scritching his fingers in his fur, and kissed Tony again over the cat’s head.  “How about I talk half the night, and the other half, you kiss me?”
Steve flinched at the sarcasm that dripped like bitter honey from Tony’s words.  Hurt and guilt and shame rolled over him in waves.  A moment ago, he might have thought the answer to that question was edging into ‘yes’ again.  Clearly, he’d been wrong.  It wasn’t the first time, but at least if Thanos had his way, it would probably be the last.  Right now, that was almost a relief.  Right now, that was almost a comfort.
“Has that ever happened before?” Sam asked, and Tony knew exactly what he meant even though none of them had spoken until now.
And if he happened to get himself hard and get off one more time in the process, all the better for him.
Tony tried to look away from her, but he couldn’t.  She held him in thrall, and he could see how she thrived as an assassin for so long.  Not only was she deadly and beautiful, but she had a mystical quality that hung in a haze around her.  When she turned it on and focused it, she was irresistible.  No wonder Steve adored her.  No wonder Bruce was hers to command.  Tony wondered how he, himself, had been able to resist her all these years.
Steve threw the last couple of t-shirts into the box on top of his text-books and taped it closed. It was hot in here. Really hot. It made sense, he supposed--it
Steve nodded and stood up. Jack took his arm, like he was his boyfriend. Steve let him. Even if it did still feel strange--still feel
“Of course she would,” the doctor said. “But if we keep her another night, we won’t have to rush her, and if there are any issues that come up-” Steve opened his mouth, but Mickelsen overrode him, “-which is a very small possibility, but a possibility nonetheless, we can take care of them right away.”
Tony kissed him.  Kissed his ear, his neck, tongued the divot at the base of his throat.  “Really,” he said between kisses.  “We’ll just start slow, okay?  See what you like.” He kissed his collarbone, first one side, then the other.
going to ask, Tony,” he said, “and if you said yes, well, that’d make me the happiest guy in the world.”
Tony ran his hand through Steve’s blond hair. “Baby,” he said. And that was all. There was no other answer. In Tony’s heart, he knew there would never be another answer to anything. Just that.
Almost immediately, a frowny-face emoji appeared.  Tony laughed.  Who had taught him to text?  But he knew.  Clint.
Thank you all for reading this!! I hope it was worth coming back on this ride with me again.  I've got one more story in mind.  Just the one.  It's going to take me a minute to write it because I really want to do it justice if I can.  Look for it sometime in mid-March.  Until then...i love you all, and thank you again!❤❤❤
Tony wasn't a huge fan of Steve's choice, either.  Steve had been in prison then, and even though Stephen Strange had given them a few blissful hours alone, for some reason, it didn't seem right to celebrate on a day they hadn't really been able to be together.
Sarah held out her hand, and Morgan took it. She smiled back at Tony, then led the little girl out the doorway and toward the stairs. Sam reached out and grasped Tony’s shoulder. “You okay?”
“Maybe I could cook dinner?” Steve suggested almost nervously. “And then we could light a fire or something?”
Tony moved so she could come to him.  She sat on the bed beside him and Steve grasped her shoulders, searching her face.  His hand rose and brushed along her cheek, over her hair.  “You’re so beautiful,” he said, and she laughed through her tears.
Tony’s face grew harder. The mirror image grew clearer. “What, you won’t pay for it if I don’t stop seeing Steve? Is that what you’re saying?”
A silence fell between them while Tony worked.  Steve let it spin out.  There was more he could say, like Tony’s constant need to fix things was, in its way, as much a controlling behavior as Steve barking orders, but he didn’t.  It would just put Tony on the defensive and they had fought enough for one day.
Tony went to the back of the car and popped the trunk.  He reached in, grabbed the chair, and wrangled it out.  It unfolded easily and he rolled it over to Steve’s door.
Steve stopped swimming. The water wasn’t really that deep where he was standing, but he dipped his knees until only his nose and eyes were above the water line. Oh, and they were dangerous, those eyes. Tony had been aware of that fact before tonight, but he didn’t think he had ever fully appreciated just how mad they could drive a man. He was feeling it now, though. Feeling a low-grade tingling in his extremities. A lightness inside his head. Desire in his lower stomach.
Steve frowned, distressed.  “Don’t make me, Tony.  If I have to think about ‘Young Goodman Brown’ for one more minute I think I might go crazy.”
Tony laughed again and lifted Steve’s arm so he could slide out from under it.  Steve whined in the back of his throat, frowning, his eyes still closed.  Oh god, how had he lived without
Tears threatened again, but these ones were okay.  They were not happy, exactly, but they were grateful.  Grateful that they were here, and he didn’t have to do this alone.
Tony nodded, kissed him again, then sat on the stool with Sir Purr in his arms.  “Yeah.  I’m good.  I’m all kinds of good.”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, and a huge weight seemed to have lifted off his shoulders. He glanced back at Steve, then squeezed Sam’s shoulder and let him go. “I’ll see you later.”
“Put my next round on his tab,” Tony said to the bartender as he brought Strange’s drink.  “He likes paying for things.”
But it was right.  He knew it.  That weight was gone.  The only weight on him now was Tony’s, and that was the only weight he ever wanted to feel again.  That weight was nice.  That weight was perfect, warm, wanted,
Afterward, they took turns in the bathroom, showering and changing. Steve had never thought about the bathroom before. He’d seen those home-improvement shows where they had giant bathtubs and shower stalls big enough for two, and thought they were ridiculous, but now he wished they had one. He wished he and Tony could both fit in there together. But he just hurried really fast instead.
Her breath caught in her throat, but she wiped the blood away from his face again.  “Yes, you are.  You’re strong.  And you’re stubborn.  You can make it on that alone.”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut against the hot tears that threatened, then opened them again, and smiled.  “Did you get any better at asking?”
He kissed him again, smiled in the darkness. “I love you,” he whispered again. Tony didn’t answer, but Steve didn’t need him to. He already knew how Tony felt.
Steve found the bottle again the night of his mother’s funeral. Sad and lonely, he’d drank until he passed out and only woke up when he started to vomit. He hurried to the toilet and threw everything up then dry-heaved until his asthma kicked in. Head spinning, lungs gasping for non-existent breath, he lay on the cold, chipped tiles of the bathroom floor waiting to die. When his breathing eased and the shakes subsided, he crawled into his mother’s room and up onto her bed. He rolled into a ball, clutching his still-queasy stomach, the dusty-sweet scent of her lavender sachet in his nose, and wished he
“Did guys still do it, though?” Tony pressed.  He thought Steve was telling him the truth about himself, but his curiosity was piqued.  He wanted to know.
Tony came back to the cabin.  “I can get you a drink once we’re airborne,” he said.  “Jerry won’t let me have anything before.  He says it’s ‘disruptive’ knowing I’ve got a bottle before take-off.”
“I talked to Rhodey.  Clint’s going in with me and we’ll take down as many of the bastards as we can.”
She kissed his cheek.  “It’s okay.”  She got out of bed, got dressed, and went into the bathroom.  “Do you want me to stay?” she called.  She peed with the door open.  Steve would never do that.  Tony’d had his penis in his mouth dozens of times, but he’d never seen it used for its primary purpose.  “My brother’s coming home tonight, but I can stay if you want.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Rogers,” Tony said. She held him at arms’ length, then drew him close and kissed his cheek.
Tony’s head snapped up at that voice, then fell back, eyes rolling. Great. Of course. Just keep piling straws on, universe. I can take it. “What are
When the others left, Tony turned to Steve.  “Well?  You wanna?”  Steve did, and the two of them fucked it out.  Loudly.
Tony struggled under Steve and sat him up against the wall.  He was still shaking, but his eyes were closed now.  His breath seemed to come a little easier.  Tony touched his face, caressed his cheek, his hair.  “Baby.  Hey, come on, big guy, come back to me.  Open your eyes.”
They’d been standing at the bar with drinks when Strange come up beside them to place his own order.  Strange didn’t look his way, but Tony knew the bastard had seen him.  Finally, he could stand it no more.  He hated being ignored.
Tony watched him think about it, entranced by the seriousness that came over him when he concentrated.  It was an almost physical force, an aura around him.  Tony’s stomach flipped over lazily, then Steve turned those eyes on him again--those goddamn husky-blue eyes--and it flipped again.
The corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up just the tiniest bit. He took his keys out of his pocket. “Then let’s go inside,” he said. “And you can put Morgan to bed. Then we can go to bed.”
,” she said, jerking her head at Thanos’ body.  “Steve had the shield and Stormbreaker, and…” She stopped again and touched Steve’s shoulder, caressing him gently.  “They kept getting closer to each other, and he grabbed Steve.”  She wiped a tear away.  “Next thing I knew, that bastard was on the ground and Stormbreaker was in his skull.  I saw Steve stumble, but he said he was alright.  He told Tony and Carol to get the last of them.  He said not to leave any of them alive.  Tony asked him if he was okay and he said yes.  He said he’d be right behind them, but when they were gone, he just collapsed.”  She grasped Sam’s t-shirt in her other hand.  “And then you were here.”
Steve didn’t say anything. He just took the step that would press them together, and kissed him. It was not gentle. It was anything but gentle. It was rough, demanding, nothing like any kiss Tony had experienced for years. More years than he could remember. More years than he could even count. He felt the blood pumping through his veins, pounding in his temples, his wrists, his throat, even as Steve urged his mouth open and thrust his tongue inside.
Not long after one game show swapped for another--and Steve didn’t even pretend to care about this one. His limit for pricing games and fabulous prizes hidden behind Door Number One had been reached and surpassed--Dr. Mickelsen came into the room. He was still in his scrubs, his mask hanging down around his chin. There was a drop of blood on one pant-leg. Steve’s eyes went immediately there, and didn’t move. Blood. His mother’s blood.
Natasha eased herself, crossing her legs, immediately and expertly arranging her face and body into a semblance of casual grace. Steve envied her that. It was something he could never accomplish. It took him a long time to come down from that place, that mind-set where the fight was paramount. It was why he spent so much time in the training room after missions, punching it out on sand-filled bags, pounding into them until he fell back, panting, exhausted, drenched in sweat. It was the only way he could relax. The only way he’d ever get to sleep.
long time since he had been with anyone. That the last one had been a three-night stand right after he and Pietro called it quits, and that his first--his
She gripped his wrist tightly.  “Don’t ‘no’ me, Stark.  I’ve been going to say this for a long time.  It’s the anniversary tomorrow, so, no time like now, right?”
Steve let out a startled laugh and opened his eyes.  They sparkled.  Tony didn’t think he’d ever actually seen eyes that sparkled before.  It made his heart beat faster.
Tony had no idea how long he worked before deciding he wanted a drink of water and maybe some pre-emptive Tylenol--the couch sometimes did a number on his old-man back--but when he came out from under the hood, Steve was there, watching him.
Steve broke their kiss at last, but didn’t move away.  He held on, pressing his forehead against Tony’s, his eyes closed.  “I’m sorry, Tony,” he whispered.  “I’m sorry for the way I’ve been acting.  I just--I know it’s stupid, but I’ve been stressed about finals coming up.  I’ve been pushing myself really hard because I want to do a good job.  I want you to be proud of me, and then I came home that day, and
. And it wasn’t like he’d never been hit on before. He had, and he knew how to turn that around, quickly and efficiently. It was part of the training. He didn’t really need training to turn people down, but it was nice to have anyway. He liked training. He liked rules. Rules. Guidelines. Policies. He didn’t need them to tell him not to date, though. He’d never really dated. Hadn’t had the time to. Hadn’t had the desire to. But now this kid. This kid and his full mouth and dark eyes. This kid who was
Steve’s eyes narrowed, frowning in concentration, trying--longing--to be convinced. “Do you think so?”
They turned their manic, polite eyes on Tony en masse.  “Mr. Stark.  We were just telling Captain Rogers about our organization.”
, whenever he wanted.  It was surreal, like an Edvard Munch painting brought to life.  No man should ever expect this much happiness.  It would drive him mad trying to achieve it.  But here it was, sitting in his lap, smelling like some fancy body wash and mint toothpaste, and running calloused, rough fingers over his back and kissing his jaw, and Steve just held on tighter, not wanting to let go.  Not wanting to ever let go.
Steve lifted Tony’s hand to his mouth and kissed it.  “Good.”  He kissed his hand again.  And again.
“Come on,” he muttered, as the car slipped on the wet road.  “Come on, come on.”  Then, like a blessing, there was the turn-off to the cabin.  Two miles.  Tony took the turn at high speed, barely letting off the gas.  He fancied he felt the car rise up on two wheels as he cornered.  That might have been his imagination.  It might not have.
“Or how ‘bout this,” Tony said, turning his chair and leaning closer until Steve was in easy kissing-distance.  “I go into town.”  Threading his hand through Steve’s hair, pulling him in to kiss his cheekbone.  “Get us some Chinese.”  His jaw.  Twice.  He loved that jawline.  “We open a bottle of wine.”  His neck, his throat, his
Howard reached out and grasped his hand briefly. “Think about it, son,” he said. “If you decide you’d rather not, I understand, but if you want to give it a shot, just call me. I’ll have you fully set up in twenty-four hours.”
“Yes sir, Mr. Stark.  Whatever you say, Mr. Stark,” he said, and that reminded him of Peter, and he smiled back.  He’d invite Peter up sometime, too.  When Steve was feeling better.
He stood up, already fitting the com-set into his ear.  “Who else is on this channel?  Anybody I know?”
Steve looked at the cat.  It was watching him closely, the way it would watch an unsuspecting mouse.  “Try telling
There was absolutely no chance of him falling over, they both knew it--the shove had been really no more than a nudge, and Steve’s reflexes were awesome--but Tony grabbed him around the shoulders and held onto him anyway. Steve let him hold on. In fact, he eased backward into his grip, resting against him, relishing the way Tony’s arms tightened around him, the way he burrowed his cheek into that magical hollow between Steve’s shoulder blades. Steve thought this was what Tony had wanted. Just a reason to put his arms around him. A reason to hold him. And that was fine with Steve. It was perfect.
The sound of his voice in the darkness was fragile, as if he was teetering on the edge of a precipice above some unknown abyss and it was only Tony’s kiss that could ground him.
Bucky and Natasha were already there, and they swooped Morgan away. Tony let them take her with not another thought. She loved them, and they loved her. Also, he suspected they liked to practice on her. Just to make sure they were comfortable around kids if and when they decided to have one of their own. He was starting to see that look in their eye whenever they looked at Morgan. That look that said they were gearing up to something. And why shouldn’t they? They’d been married for a while now. They loved each other. They loved kids--at least they loved spoiling
“No,” he said firmly.  His voice was rising.  He didn’t want that.  Didn’t want to yell at poor, sweet, mostly innocent Bruce.  But, he couldn’t help it.  “
He felt bad about that when he came back into the bedroom.  Steve sat at the foot of the bed, still in the wheelchair, teeth gnawing at his thumb.  Tony tried to think when he had last seen a look of such pure, miserable distress on a person’s face, and could not do it.  Already pale, Steve’s skin was as white as porcelain, his lips, red.  Those three lines were back between deeply furrowed brows.
Steve shifted closer, still 80% asleep.  “‘Kay.”  He put his head against Tony’s shoulder as if it were the most natural thing in the world.  Tony left it there.  Because it was.
Steve left his bag where it fell, and eased himself down into one of the seats.  Tony picked the bag up, stuffed it away in a cabinet, and went to the cockpit.  “Ready when you are, chief.”
Faint worry threaded its way through his heat, but Tony let it go.  He squeezed Steve tight, then stood up.  “I’ll make you something since I forgot the pizza.”
They had, actually, that morning.  Pepper wanted Tony to go on a two-week business trip to London.  Tony didn't want to go. Steve told him he should.
.” He shook his head. “There’s no fucking way they won’t send him overseas, Tony. Iraq. Afghanistan.” He looked back at Tony. “Somewhere. You know that. And you know he’ll go. And he’ll do what they tell him to do, because he wants to help people. All the people. The people here. The people there. He’ll want to believe that he’s making a difference in the
“I know. I know. And you're right. You're absolutely right. I should have ignored him. I should have just gotten up and walked away. That was first-impression-Tony-level shit tonight.” Tony uttered a sharp laugh. “I thought I got rid of that guy. Guess he’s still hanging around. Sorry.”
Tony raised his head, slipped one arm up around Steve’s neck, and pulled him down to kiss his lips. It was small, conciliatory, but sweet. “Nothing you need to worry about, baby,” he said.
Natasha pushed against him.  His skin was hot, burning even through the fabric of his undershirt.  How could he be so hot?  How could anyone be so hot without simply combusting?  “He’s gone, Steve.  Thanos is gone.  It’s over.  Look.”
Tony sighed. “It was hard. She was excited to go, but she didn’t want to leave. You know what I mean?”
They went into the living room after dinner. The coffee table was littered with bottles of nail polish and remover--the remains of an afternoon playing nail-salon, Tony informed Steve with a little shrug--and Steve sat down on the couch. Dodger tried to hop up next to him, but Steve gave him a look, and he laid down on the rug next to it instead, closed his eyes, and was asleep in seconds. It was a big couch, a huge sectional, taking up most of the living space, but Morgan settled herself right next to Steve.
Steve rolled his eyes and huffed out an irritated breath.  “Do you really think this is the most productive way to--”
But that didn’t mean he couldn’t still be a part of things.  First and foremost, he was an engineer.  He was brilliant.  A, dare we say with absolutely no ego at all, genius, and that meant he still had something to give.  So, he spoke to Ross who decided to give him consultant-status again.  That allowed him to design and build again.  That always made him feel good.  Useful.
“What?” Tony said, bouncing the cat like it was a baby.  It purred in his arms, all the while looking at Steve like it wanted to kill him.
Steve sighed out a breath, bit his lip. It was getting harder to concentrate on what Tony was saying. That fuzzy, floaty feeling he sometimes got when they were together like this was back, wrapping around him like a cocoon, safe and secure. It was hard to talk when that happened. Somewhere between his brain and his mouth, the intricacies of speech seemed to get lost, but it was okay. There were really only two words he had to say. Because he was safe. Tony would never hurt him. Tony would take care of him, so Steve could say
Steve looked at him from under his lashes. “Don’t look very comfortable,” he mumbled. Dodger thumped his tail on the floor, and Steve pet his head again.
Steve buried his face into Tony’s neck, his lips moving, teeth nipping just enough. “But…Morgan-” he began, but Tony cut him off with another searing kiss.
He opened his mouth.  He didn’t know what he was going to say, just that Tony was looking at him with shining eyes, waiting for him to speak, waiting for him to say
Steve stood with his shoulder pressed against his locker, history book in his hand, shuffling through the pages with quick, nimble fingers.
“I hate that we’re fighting,” Tony said, and for the second time that night, the words were out before he even realized he was going to say them. But they were true, so he just let them come. “I hate it. I don’t want to fight with you.”
He shuddered again, his entire body quaking, and then there was a curl of white on the outer edge of his vision.  His body and mind strived to reach it, that tiny ray of oblivion. Somehow he knew there was quiet inside the whiteness.  Somehow he knew there was peace there.
after all the time, and all the struggles, and all the grief and hurt and pain, he was able to do it. Finally able to give Tony what he deserved.
The fairy lights were still on, still twinkling in the darkness as Tony walked down to the lake.  He turned west at the shoreline and didn’t have to go very far before he saw a silhouette against the setting moon.  Even in the darkness, he knew who it was.  He’d know the line of those shoulders anywhere.
Sam sighed.  “I guess.  Look, call me if you need me.  I told him too, but whatever he needs, you call me.  Okay?”
What if Steve had left his wallet home one day at Starbucks and the handsome, dark-haired stranger behind him in line stepped up and said, "Just put it on my tab," and smiled.  What if, when Steve thanked him, the stranger said, "Thank me by sitting here with me for a minute. I've got a date, but he's late. Keep me company?" What if they talked for hours, the conversation easy and light and fun, and when Steve walked him home, Tony--because, of course, his name was Tony.  What a perfect name was that for a rom-com guy?--held his hand? What if, at Tony's door, Steve said he was glad Tony's date had been late, and then Tony laughed and said, "I didn't really have a date, baby. I just wanted you to stay." And then, what if Tony had kissed him? Would they be here now, if that's the way things had happened?  Would they be together now? Would they be married in every way but the most legal one, and spend every day laughing and arguing, and every night lying together in a tangle of arms, and legs, and exploring fingers, and soft, gentle lips? Would they be what they were to each other?
Tony slipped his hand between Steve’s thighs and grasped his hard cock, while he plundered Steve’s ass, making him shiver, making his muscles tense and quake under Tony’s tongue.
, he’d told Nat.  At the time, it had just been something to say, but it was funny how the simplest statements could be the most prophetic.  There was still optimism within him, still kindness and goodness, but that hardness, that darkness, had begun to insinuate itself throughout his being, as well.  He did not know if that made him a better person or a worse one.  After Thanos, he could not bring himself to think of the word “balance”, but sitting here, all alone in a room filled with emotional debris, he would be lying if he said it was not the word that seemed to fit.
“...by the time the herders got back, the Hulk was gone, and there I was, naked, in the middle of a bunch of sheep,” he said.
“People without cell phones still function just fine, Tony,” Steve said, watching while Tony scrawled his number down on the napkin, then glanced down at Morgan. “Do
“Uh, hey, uh...” Tony said. Even though the dog was obviously overtly friendly, he still felt nervous.
The portal closed after them, and there they stood.  The cell was small, uncomfortably so, what with three extra people now standing in it, and Tony saw there were no bars on this door.  No bars at all, and no light to speak of.  Just a little metal room containing one sorcerer, one witch, one genius, and one super-soldier.
sweet and warm. He ran his hand over the space where Steve lay down at night, the cooling sheets smooth beneath his fingertips. He’d never really thought about the bed before. He’d used it--in a lot of different ways--but he’d never thought about it. He was thinking about it now. About how it wasn’t just his bed anymore. That it was
“We need to get him to Wakanda,” he said, following her lead and speaking in their shared tongue.  “Shuri can heal him.  She’s got--what?”
Tony stared after him.  His body was in turmoil, and suddenly, he didn’t seem able to get enough breath.  “Really?” he sighed, running a shaking hand through his hair.  “Fucking
The first time was an hour after he fell asleep. Tony kept him awake for a little while when they first went into the bedroom, kissing him with slow, maddening intensity, sending Steve’s defenses in disarray, making him weak with want. He held himself together though.
Tony couldn’t stand it anymore. He reached out and put his hands on Steve’s sides, under his jacket, grasping handfuls of his shirt. Steve was still taller--that hadn’t changed either--and Tony tilted his head up to look into his eyes. “But what about you?” he asked, trying to keep the urgency from his voice. “I want you to be happy too.”
He slipped his phone out of his pocket and tapped around on the screen.  When he was satisfied, he shot a message to the others:  “Allowances officially raised--live a little.  BE SAFE."  And then, because he couldn’t help it, “Love, Dad & Mom”.  Then, a wicked grin on his face, he immediately sent another.  “P.S. Let’s keep the dick-pics to a minimum.”
He nodded.  His eyes were lowered, his hands, large and warm, holding Tony close.  “Yeah.  Yeah, I do.”
But then Jack was gone. Steve’s eyes were still tightly closed, but he felt him move away. Felt the distance between them grow, and with every step Jack took away from him, the sound of Bucky’s screams got louder and louder.
He stood in the shower and scrubbed it away, knowing it probably wasn’t actually there, at all, knowing it was probably psychosomatic, but also knowing that the longer he stood under the showerhead, the less he smelled it.
Nat shot a look at Bruce.  He shook his head, bewildered.  She turned her eyes to Tony.  He looked back silently.  It had startled him as much as it had her.
And that was too much.  It hurt too much.  Like staring at a photograph of a beloved person long deceased.  He nudged Steve in the side.  “Steve,” he said.  “Come on.  Wakey-wakey.”
They sat silently together, the three of them, for awhile.  Nat put her cheek against Bruce’s knee, taking comfort in his touch.  Tony watched and his mind cast back to the times he had done the same with Steve.  Touching just to touch.  Feeling just to feel.  Everything had felt right when they were together.  Like everything was just as it should be.  He wondered if it could be that way again.  What it would take.  If Steve would be willing to put those roots down in the soil next to Tony’s.  If they could still grow something together.
“I didn’t break in,” Steve said breathlessly.  “I used my code.  Bend your knee again, Tony.  More.  Right there.  Don’t move.  If you didn’t want me to use it, you would have deactivated it.”
.” He paused and Tony hummed in his ear, telling him that he disagreed but was willing to listen. “I’m not opposed to...movie-making-” the corresponding hum was vastly more pleased, “-but maybe not while your six-year-old daughter’s just down the hall.”
“I really appreciate everything you’ve done for my friends,” Tony said with as much stolid grace as he could muster.
Tony’s face didn’t change. He kept looking at Steve with his dark, dark eyes. “Are you sure? I mean, it’s not my best subject, but I could help. If you wanted. You could come over after school.” He shrugged, his lips curving just a little tiny bit. “I could...quiz you, or something?”
Steve’s eyes met his in the mirror.  He cocked an exasperated eyebrow at Tony’s reflection.  “Still, Tony?”
Steve closed his eyes very briefly.  Relief. Yes, that's what was making his chest hurt and his throat ache with unshed tears.  Pure relief. "I want you too."
Steve snorted a little and let Tony arrange his legs how he wanted, then when Tony crawled into his lap and settled his head on his chest, Steve put his arms around him.
Tony closed the distance between them immediately. “Of course,” he said, wrapping Steve up in his arms again, and holding him tight. “God. Yes, baby. Of course.”
Tony kept one hand in his hair, tugging at the golden strands.  The other settled on a muscular thigh and slid along it, stopping just short of where he really wanted it, afraid, even with Steve’s arms around him and his tongue in his mouth, of pushing him farther than he was ready to go.
Jarvis kept quiet while he projected the designs, but Tony could sense the humor still there, bubbling just beneath the surface, and he was glad. He didn’t want Jarvis to be mad at him. He just wanted to get through the night until Steve came home.
Listening to him talk, Tony became even more aware of how amazing Steve was.  How easy it would have been for him to fall into one of those categories--racist, sexist, homophobic.  It was all around him, all the time, and yet, he resisted.  He saw past those things.  He saw the good in people, the humanity in them, the fact that there was more to them than their color, or their gender, or who they were wired to love.  Thank god, Dr. Erskine had chosen him.  Thank god.
