John rested his cheek against Sherlock’s rumpled, slightly smoke-scented curls and decided to just enjoy the wonderful strangeness of having Sherlock asleep in his arms. He was under no illusion that it would happen very often once Sherlock recovered, so he might as well make the most of it now. Sherlock snuffled into his shirt, his swollen nose making his breathing loud and oddly soothing, the warm weight of his head heavy on John’s arm. John closed his eyes and smiled.
“Shame,” John said. His arm was beginning to throb again. “I don’t know if that’s what you want to say to the press though.”
“I don’t either,” Moran said. He stepped forward to open the door for Sherlock—they’d never made it farther than a few feet into the flat—and reached a possessive hand, but Sherlock was quicker and slipped past into the hall.
“There’s a threat, John, some kind of plan to attack my family here. We’re going to my brother in France. We’ll ride to Danforth, that’s the station ten miles south of here--no one will recognize us there--and take the morning train to London, then the boat train to France. Father learned about it yesterday somehow, that’s why he came back.”
“You didn’t much care for that,” Sherlock observed when they were finally cleaned up and settled in for the night.
The voice was groggy and half asleep. “Aimee Lister?”
ironic, in retrospect).
Sherlock considered. The sane thing to do, the thing a person who listened to John Watson would do, would be to leave and not come back. Moran was ruthless and controlling and slightly violent, and his idea of a first date was to leave Sherlock black and blue from being fucked against a wall. This had the potential to end very badly. Which, of course, meant that Sherlock could no more let it go than he could fly.
“Obviously,” Sherlock gritted out. He lay flat on the table, too exhausted and miserable to move. “Don’t say anything else cheery. If you do I won’t be responsible for what I say, and you actually seem to be decent at your horrible job, so I want to stay on your good side.”
John fumbled out his phone with his phone with his uninjured arm—his left, thankfully—and punched in 999. “Yeah, ah, this is John Watson and I’ve been cut pretty badly, I need an ambulance,” he said to the operator. “And we’re also going to need the police right away.” He heard a howl of primal rage from Sherlock and what sounded like bodies hitting the ground as he gave the address and added, “Make that several ambulances.” It suddenly occurred to him that he needed to do something about the bleeding in his arm, so he lay the phone gently down on the ground, the operator’s tinny voice still calling from it.
“You look great,” John said. His chair scraped loudly as he pulled it out. It was true: up close Sherlock was still far too thin, but even rigid with tension he somehow looked softer than John remembered, possibly because he was wearing a blue-grey jumper instead of his usual sharp-edged suit. The color brought out the blue of his eyes, the same shade as the winter-pale sky. The scar over his right eye had faded since John had last seen it. John wondered briefly if Sherlock had grown out his hair to hide it, or if he just couldn’t bear to go to a barber. John slid into his chair carefully, making sure not to jostle the table, and scooted forward a little. Sherlock was still frozen in his hyperalert posture and John found himself moving slowly, cautious not to spook him, as though any sudden movement would make Sherlock explode into flight like a started bird.
At two o’clock the music stopped and Sorcha’s voice, quiet, said, “Taigh-solais, sing me a song.”
“Good,” John said, looking around. He could see that Werner was right. The only way to reach the chalet was along the narrow roadway that hugged the side of the mountain. If the guards were any good—and John assumed that they were—they were safer than if they had been on an island. Still, twelve extra people had not exactly figured into his vision of a pastoral hiking holiday.
“No,” John says, threading his fingers through the taller man’s. “You can’t. But it does matter.”
Joan was a right mess. Her face was flushed and her blonde hair was stuck up in the kind of spikes it made when Joan had been running her fingers through it in frustration. One of her overall straps was falling off her shoulder and there was a dark smudge of ink on the inside of her palm. Sherlock peeked at her book bag spilled out on the floor, at the office stationary sticking out of it and at the cleanliness of her sneakers.
So I realized that all my chapters seem to end with Sherlock crying. I had to fix that. And now.
Sherlock gaped at him. Mycroft did not use such…
and her big brother had barely closed the door before he caught sight of the massive bruise blooming from her temple.
“Yes, yes, we did! Please remind me your name.”
“Joan?” she asked and the blonde hummed to indicate she was paying attention. “What’s a submarine race?”
yes,” Sherlock moaned and then John began to fuck him in earnest, the bed moving underneath them as the headboard hit the wall and Sherlock still had enough sense to thank the gods no one was home.
This seemed vaguely unethical, but John couldn’t think why. It wasn’t as if they were planting anything, after all; just replacing something Sherlock had actually stolen in the first place. Minus the pictures of Sherlock, obviously. A thought struck him.  “Sherlock? What about the other pictures of you, the recent ones?”
“It’s fine, she said to take you to a guest room where you could lie down a bit. Up we go now.”
“We’re over here! By the overlook!” John shouted.
“No butler? No cook?”
“I did, yeah,” Effie said. She hesitated, still twisting her hands, and then said, “I looked up my brother’s friend. The one who lived near my neighbourhood. I went round and talked to his mum. He went missing as well. It seems they all did, the whole company.”
“Yeah, that’s working quite well for
Schneider patted his arm “It was before you were born. In 1983. Your dad was busted in a bar fight and had some drugs in his possession, so he was arrested for battery and possession.”
John sighed. “I’ll take care of it. You go on to bed.”
“Right. But you are a good girl, a moral upstanding girl, so when Nicholls lured you out in the corridor tonight and pulled you into the bedroom you put up a fight and hit him with the vase.”
“Oh, hell,” John said, feeling his face flame. “How did you…” But of course he already knew.
“Who?”
“Probably too small. I didn’t mark
“Sir.” One of the ward sisters appeared, her competent face pinched. “They’re asking if you can come to the orphanage infirmary--Matron there thinks they have the diphtheria.”
“Thanks for the drink.”
“Why?”
“Phencyclidine?” John said, frowning, and Molly said, “PCP.”
Sherlock obediently put his arms up behind his head so his palms pressed against the headboard and John pulled out slowly and thrust back in. Sherlock cried out and dug his heels into John’s back. John did it again and then reached for Sherlock’s cock, stroking in slow counterpoint to his hips. The urge to speed up was strong, but he kept the pace leisurely and his grip light: Sherlock liked it that way, and it kept John from losing control completely.
“The shower hurts, and when do I get these stitches out? They itch.”
Rowan put on some thumping techno and dragged Sherlock, paralyzed with mortification, to the center of the floor. Sherlock felt ridiculous and knew he looked even worse, but Rowan turned the lights all the way down and put his hands on Sherlock’s hips to guide him, and suddenly Sherlock forgot to be self-conscious. He jerked about awkwardly, Rowan’s hands trying to guide him into moving in some sort of rhythm, their bodies bumping in a way that made Rowan laugh and Sherlock go hot and flustered.
“It’s been years—“
Lying down was difficult—there was no longer any part of him that did not hurt—but his arm was still the worst, so he managed to get into a position on his left that didn’t press his throbbing face into the mattress too much. He curled up as much as he could against the cold.
“Now, wait a minute,” Ryan said, folding her arms over her chest. “We haven’t even looked at—“
Sherlock hummed a little, eyes drifting closed, and John fisted his hands in his hair and began thrusting into his warm and willing mouth, pulling Sherlock’s head down into his lap as he pushed up. Sherlock wobbled a few times, but with John’s thighs bracketing him he couldn’t really fall, and anyway John was soon gripping his hair fiercely to hold him still as he fucked his mouth. He forced his eyes open to look at Sherlock in the dim light—all white skin and black hair and the black silk scarf binding his wrists, on his knees, giving himself up to be used for John’s pleasure—and then had to close his eyes because he was, as promised, coming down Sherlock’s throat so hard he saw stars.
“I don’t want to leave yet, not for good,” Sherlock admitted. “But bees
“At the moment Moriarty is in a much stronger position. He’s credited with bringing Ireland and New Zealand back into the Empire; he’s sired five secondaries—and on a honeymoon heat, so there’s no question about the paternity; that sort of thing seems to matter to alphas. And he’s made sure it’s widely known that the police were going to dismiss his handmaiden’s death as a suicide if he hadn’t pressed the matter. Never mind the police are the ones who officially solved it in the end, or that the Met isn’t under Pitts’ control.”
Sherlock pulled off long enough to say smugly, “Go on. I can take it,” and Michael flung his arms out, groaning and arching his neck and Sherlock sucked him down again. Sherlock was cheating, a little: Michael was lying on his back, so it was easier to control how deep he could thrust. Still, he was huge and Sherlock was a perfectionist, so his throat was aching by the time he brought Michael to a roaring climax. Michael was lavish in his praise and also in his reciprocal attentions, and Sherlock’s orgasm was highly satisfactory, if a lot quieter.
“Research.”
“We’re go here…nothing on the drive yet.”
of it due to me, but I didn’t help.”
John seemed to spend the whole of that week beaming, mostly at people who stared at him in mystification.
and sat back to look at Lestrade. “It’s not changed that much. You’re a good-looking guy, you should—“
For a moment he saw no one in the dimness of the room. His heart rate kicked up—he’d misjudged, Moriarty had taken John and gone, but no, the cars were still there; they were in the back, he’d sent Becks and Bruce into an ambush—but then his eyes adjusted and he saw John lying on the floor at Moriarty’s feet. His gut clenched. Moriarty was sitting on a crate, well below eye level. Clever, Sherlock thought grudgingly; if anyone came in blazing away at chest height they would miss him completely and Moriarty, eyes already adjusted to the relatively low light, could pick them off easily.
Sherlock followed Mycroft down the corridor of the nearly-deserted holding area, footsteps loud against the concrete floor. Mycroft stopped in front of the only occupied cell and said politely, “Good afternoon.”
was Sherlock. He went straight to John and sat down pressed hard against his side. John could feel him trembling and understood that Sherlock had been as terrified of their not being reunited as John had. He leaned into Sherlock’s arm a little, trying to convey solidity and reassurance.
Sherlock was silent for so long that John thought he was not going to answer, but finally he sighed. “I’m afraid,” he said in a very low voice.
“Lestrade wouldn’t have needed to call me at all if he had an ounce of imagination,” Sherlock said, adding sugar to his own tea.
John wrote back the next day, as soon as he had been around the stables and collected all the news he could. He kept the letter light and amusing, not wanting to worsen Sherlock’s homesickness.
“It’s the governors coming,” Tank explained to John on Sunday, as they enjoyed a rare sunny day in the courtyard while the unfortunately mature were being sorted. “They always come in June, and he’s got to get the house in order.”
After, John never remembered much about their journey north. It was all a blur of sleepless nights and hard ground, cold and damp and constant fear. They had initially planned to ride only a few days and then take the train, but soon realized that Sir James’ crackdown extended throughout the country. So they took to the back ways and trusted to Sherlock’s astonishingly detailed recall of maps to get them to their destination.
Whatever the reason, John found himself sitting with Young Tom and two of the maids, giggling and telling stories about the recent guests--”Sugar cubes the afternoon of the dance, like we don’t know what she wants
Not even a flicker this time. Brother Francis just stood there, motionless and blank, and finally Sherlock turned away to find Mrs. Hudson. When he looked back from the door, the ancillus had not moved.
“Yes, fine, thanks,” John said, smiling through his teeth as he began to tug Sherlock toward the door.
“I got you something,” Tiernan said. He reached over to the table and handed something to Sherlock: a book.
had was a dealer. Sherlock had been a careful user—clean needles, no trading sex for drugs—until Mycroft cut him off and careful was suddenly something he could no longer afford. For a while his usual dealer had let him pay on his knees. The man had been callous but not cruel and he liked to grip Sherlock hard on the back of the neck, amused by Sherlock’s submission. They were unpleasant memories, impossible to delete, although nothing compared to what came after.
“It’s from a film—wait, you saw it!
“Well then.” John took a long drink of his beer. “Hungry?”
But what were these people doing there at all? These were not Gypsies--all the voices John could hear were male. Sherlock was right that for the most part they usually had the woods to themselves. As silently as he could, John led Hermes back down the path to the fork and tied him to a tree. “Be quiet,” he told him in a whisper, “and I’ll give you my last bit of sugar.”
The dead man's knoll, you pass,
,” Sherlock snapped furiously and strode off down the stream.
“That’s not blond, that’s bleached,” Sherlock said scornfully.
It always felt a bit uncomfortable, spelling things out to Sherlock like this as though he were a child, but Sherlock’s genius failed him in these matters, and they both knew it. Sherlock trusted John to make things clear to him. He needed this.
“Touch yourself,” John commanded breathlessly and Sherlock did, gripping his cock with his right hand and bracing against the headboard with his left. John was snapping his hips in a hard rhythm now and this—this was exquisite, this jolting pleasure in his groin, the feeling of being totally open to John. John’s hands were on his thighs, pulling him back with every shove forward, so good, so good, so good.
“God,” the shepherd said in wonder, “your skin is so soft—it’s like silk, I’ve never felt skin so soft. You are softer than a girl, how--?” His hand slid higher and the prince suddenly remembered how to breathe, sucking in a great lungful of air.
That was a good point. “We’ll have both, sir,” John told the guard. “Let me just fetch you the coin.”
John kissed Sherlock’s hair and settled himself more comfortably on the hard floor. “Have I told you lately how wonderful and amazing you are?”
“That was decent of him,” Ned said. “You can buy us all a round when we finally go for that night out.”
“Christ,” John said. “Stay right there, don’t move--” He snatched a horse blanket from the tack room and pulled it around Sherlock, who stumbled and nearly fell. “We need to get you warm, come on.”
“On 28 March, 1941, Virginia Woolf filled her pockets with stones and drowned herself in the River Ouse.” Sherlock was still looking out the window. “Emily Margolis was reading English literature; she was required to submit her papers online. She sent them as e-mail attachments so I was able to access them through her sent mail. Should you like to guess the topic of her last paper?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said simply.
If the man was surprised by the new questioner, there was no sound of it in his voice. “No, sir. Some of the guys in the guardhouse even cheered once they realized we weren’t Russian.”
“Timur Mirzayez—“ If Mycroft noted the way Sherlock flinched at the name, he gave no sign. “—was essentially propping up anti-Russian movements in multiple places, including Chechnya, Georgia, and Ukraine.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock was not letting this bit of insubordination go unpunished. He fastened his mouth onto John’s neck and bit, not gently, and at the same time slid the hand inside John’s pants down and back to press at his perineum so that John saw stars. Sherlock’s free hand cupped John’s buttock through the jeans and squeezed. He left go John’s neck to flick his tongue over John’s earlobe and say directly into his ear, “
Slowly, very slowly, Sherlock did get better. It seemed to take a long while. When he could deduce a new patient without stopping to cough, Dr. Woodcourt told John to start getting him up for walks. At first Sherlock could barely get to the door of the ward and back, but he was desperate for something new to look at and determined to improve, so every day he hobbled out with determination.
Sherlock made no reply to this, but he didn’t bite John’s head off either, and his fingers curled under John’s shoulder. John kissed his curls. Sherlock’s head was still turned away.
She clearly meant to go on but Sherlock held his hand up, stopping her. “No. You won’t. If you apologize then I’ll have to apologize and we’ll go round and round and I’ve had quite enough of those conversations lately. That’s what I always liked about you, Mary, we don’t
Sherlock took the heavy folds of linen back to refold it and John was distracted, for a brief instant, by the elegance of his long fingers in the pale kid gloves. Would they ever get to a place where they could be safe? Where John could kiss those fingertips, feel them touch his bare skin? Would he ever get out of this bloody car?
John looked at the label: carfentanyl. He felt his eyebrows shoot up. One of the only things he’d found to support in the Restoration had been the NeoTories’ crackdown on illicit drugs, and carfentanyl had been illegal for years; it had been a scourge back in the days before drug dealers had been routinely executed as a matter of course. “Where’d you get that?”
“There’s a busker who’s been hanging around opposite the past few weeks. Plays the guitar and sings…” he turned back to the girl, who sang in a surprisingly clear voice, “Ooh, baby, baby, it’s a wide world.” Her voice was lovely, although she evidently hadn’t the faintest idea what the words meant.
An hour later, John lay rigid in bed, every ears straining to catch the slightest sound. His jaw was beginning to ache where he had been clenching it. How long had they been waiting? It had to have been hours now, maybe the clock was broken…
“Sherlock was just there last night,” John said slowly, thinking aloud. “If the usual pattern holds, we should have about a week, but he’s going to know there’s something on the minute he claps eyes on me. Maybe—“ John’s phone buzzed in his pocket. He took it out, glanced at the screen, and said, “Oh shit, he’s awake.”
“All right,” Sherlock agreed, smiling desperately. He was willing to do anything to get out of the hospital. The medications weren’t too bad, now; they made him rather feel as though there were a layer of invisible but thick insulation between himself and the rest of the world, but that wasn’t necessarily a bad thing.  He wasn’t dreaming so much, and if everything seemed drab, and colorless, and pointless, at least that was an improvement over the harsh jagged edges that had seemed to constantly assault him before what his mother still referred to as his “bit of a breakdown”.
“A door,” Rodriguez said. He joined Sherlock, pulling on a pair of latex gloves, and tugged the bookshelf away from the wall. It slid easily on the concrete floor, revealing a padlocked door.
Mrs. Hudson reckons he nicked some of the silver. She went to lock it up and found a great lot of it missing.”
because that would be a world of trouble, and then Note came flying up the steps and in my door. He goes Goddamn that little fucker, I gotta make a call, and I still thought he was talking about Levon, and then he went down the hall so he could call whoever, and he was still back there and I was in the kitchen when I heard the sirens.”
The sky grew steadily darker over the next hour or so, which was quite enjoyable when one was tucked up snugly in a tower with a great many windows and not trying to outrace an early summer storm. Sherlock had turned on the lamp by the time John finally hauled himself out of his armchair and gone to the kitchen.
“Rather well. I need to record myself playing the melodies, but I’m still practicing to get it perfect, so I keep making tweaks. The music is written though.”
John checked the news on his own phone, covertly, but there was no breaking news about a coup. Still, this had to be it, right? Why else would Mycroft snatch him from his flat at nearly midnight? He tried to quell the anticipatory butterflies fluttering in his chest, but his traitorous imagination kept picturing Sherlock striding off the plane on that same tarmac, coat swirling and head high in triumph.
“No,” Sherlock said abruptly. He put his phone into John’s hand, a number already showing on the screen. “Anna. The sister. Call her.” He turned on his heel and walked out.
“Hey Turk,” he said, kneeling next to Sherlock and uncapping the bottle. “You look like shit, you know that? Good thing you were so ugly to begin with.”
The food in the cupboard was mostly of the unperishable variety. John found two tins of beans and opened them, pouring them into a pot which he carried to the fire. Sherlock, wrapped in a tartan blanket, had filled the kettle.
“Not entirely. Ursula or Theodora?”
“Yes. Oh, thank you, Sherlock, you’re a lifesaver.”
“So.” Aronsen folded her hands on the table and looked at Harmon expectantly. “What can you tell us about the night Levon Singleton died?”
to do that. I meant what I said before, Sherlock; I don’t want to be that guy any more, the one who can’t remember his neighbors’ names and hurts his best friend. I want to be…I want to be more like a man who would walk all night with a woman he didn’t know just because he knew she was in trouble.”
“Look at the picture,” Sherlock said, leaning over and poking at the screen.
“Great city,” Michael said, settling into the seat opposite. “Viv said that you’d left the priesthood? I’ve got to say, I went to a Jesuit high school, and that sounds like the kind of line we would have used at a party, with the Ursuline girls: aw, baby, come on, he’s going to seminary, you wouldn’t let him go off like that without ever knowing what it’s like, would you?”
“Good for her! So what’s going to happen to him?”
“Every half mile in the greater Cincinnati area,” McGinty said cheerfully. “Starbucks. Good coffee and free wifi; what more does an investigator need?”
“Oh,” Sherlock said, surprised and happy. “No, that’s—of course it’s okay.”
“You’re set up for Skype, yeah?”
“What?”
“Not that anyone is volunteering to answer his challenge in any case,” the prince added dryly.
John thanked him and disconnected. He felt optimistic, although not because of Owen’s slim lead. He was thinking of Sherlock, the feel of his temple nuzzling into John’s side as he arched his long neck into John’s hand. For the first time since talking to Lestrade, John dared to believe that Lestrade might have been right about Sherlock. The minute this case is over, I’m going to tell him how I feel, he thought. Maybe that will be enough. Maybe he will choose me. As soon as it’s over.
Sherlock did it again, and then he unbuttoned John’s other cuff and pressed kisses into the pulse at John’s wrist, almost drunk with the scent and feel of him. John was working his way down Sherlock’s neck at the same time, which was so distractingly nice that Sherlock kept throwing his head back to moan and then had to nose around trying to find John’s hand again. There was a tiny stain on John’s cuff—
“So, what have you got?” Lestrade asked, when Sherlock had finished sniffing and poking and prowling around the penthouse.
“Course,” said John, who had been helping to breed horses since he was eight. He was not quite as clear on the actual workings of the two legged, but surely it couldn’t be that different.
The gunshot was loud in the enclosed space of the hallway, momentarily deafening Sherlock. He grabbed instinctively for his own gun but something was wrong: his right arm would not move, and there was a painful pressure across his chest, as though he had had the wind knocked out of him. He was on the floor.  Sherlock heard running footsteps over the ringing in his ears, then shouting; he scrabbled for the gun with his left hand but couldn’t find it, and then the lights came back on and Sherlock was staring directly at the mangled wreck of his right arm. The bullet must have gone right through his humerus just over the elbow; Sherlock could see edges of bone in the torn flesh. Then the pain hit.
“Mmmm.”
Sherlock took one last breath between his teeth and let go. It felt like falling.
“Oh, it was lovely. Irene taught me to ride…”
“Obviously. How are we getting past the cameras?”
“Yes. And I want that as much as you do. So you have to tell me, so that I can find a way to protect us if your plan doesn’t work out!”
Sherlock blushed and fidgeted, looking every bit as awkward as a teenager presenting a gift to his first crush. He leaned over John’s shoulder to turn a few pages. “As I say, I originally was thinking of that poem, but then when I was looking through the book I found this one.” He pushed the book into John’s hands.
“Go on,” Ella said, her tone striking an admirable balance between neutral and encouraging.
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s still raining in London.”
John decided he rather liked the chair. He added it to the regular repertoire, mostly for special occasions when Sherlock seemed to need a little extra kindness; if he was being a prat, he got the stand-up quickie. (This was most of the time.)
Dr. Woodcourt flipped through the notes at the foot of Sherlock’s bed. “I prescribed a draught, but they say you have not been taking it.”
“Fear is a highly potent motivator,” Sherlock said softly. “People will hand over their rights without a struggle if they think it will keep them safe.”
“I remember.”
“Oh, you’ve heard of him?” Sherlock took the ring back and closed the top carefully. “Not as good as a pirate, but exciting enough as ancestors go. I know this ring well. Anderson could only have been given it by my father.”
Sherlock clearly had no idea what he was supposed to do with his hands—he was fluttering them helplessly around John’s thighs—so John took them, threaded their fingers together,  and pinned them up over his head. Sherlock’s breath caught and he tipped his head up and back, baring his throat for John’s mouth, and he moaned for the first time when John licked him there. The vibration against his lips made John want to suck and bite and
John was suddenly wide awake. He didn’t want to tell Sherlock about his nightmares. He knew it was foolish, but he couldn’t help feeling that to voice the thought might be to put it into Sherlock’s head.
The dead university student, Daniel Pearson, was very dead, very bloody, and smelled very unpleasant. John peered at the slashes to his face and hands, noted the cause of death—diagonal slash across the carotid artery—and backed away with relief.
“Fantastic,” Sherlock said happily. “I’ve learned more in a few weeks here than I did in a whole term at Eton.” And then he began coughing.
“You lie, sir,” John said sternly, wondering even as said it what the hell was going to come out of his mouth next. He sounded like Horatio Hornblower. Oh God,
Sherlock came striding back in, bare-chested and with his hair standing up in a wild shagged-out nimbus, waving a newspaper in John’s face. “Look at this!”
“No. Don’t do that. I’m not one of those that--tell me truly, how old?”
“Mostly, and Beerman’s campaign site. The tricky bit was finding someone with power who fell from grace sometime between 2000 and 2004, and who had a plausible connection to a man who might have been P.J. I actually found P.J. in the wedding announcements.”
Roz did glance at him now. “Why not? Private detective, seems like you could use the publicity.”
“Mr. Harmon. Thank you for meeting with us,” Aronsen said briskly. “I’m Lauren Aronsen and these are two of my firm’s investigators, Sherlock Holmes and Joe McGinty. We’ve been hired to reopen an investigation into the murder of Levon Singleton in March 2000.”
. John may not have spent a lot of time thinking about getting himself into this position, but he was fairly sure that if a girl offered herself to you on a plate, then unless you were aiming to be a vicar or engaged to someone else, you went along. He could only imagine what the other lads would say if he didn’t.
Nosy interfering git. Sherlock knew perfectly well the importance of safe sex, but he had no immediate plans to engage in any activities requiring…these. He went to toss them in the bin, but thought better of it and tucked the box into a pocket of his suitcase. Then he went off to spend the entirety of breakfast glaring at his brother.
They were in the full blaze of the heat now, and Sherlock was barely coming down from the knotting—he hadn’t had time to drift off; John had only just softened enough inside him to slip free—when John pushed his shoulders down into the thin mattress and went at him again. And again. And again. Sherlock had forgotten anything else even existed by this point: the only thing that mattered was John. John’s weight, bearing him down. John’s hands on him. John’s cock, splitting him open and filling him up with blind sparkling pleasure.
“And I never will.” John kissed him deeply. “Turn over for me, love.”
Willfen was rapidly recovering his usual arrogance. “Tassie, there’s no time for this. I promise—“
A little shiver ran down Sherlock’s spine. He shut the cupboard firmly and went to shout over the landing for a broom.
. Push back up against me. Mmm. Now run your hand over your chest, yeah, like that, brush your thumb over your nipple…”
as an argument?” Sherlock sounded exasperated and John’s heart stuttered before Sherlock went on with a tiny catch in his voice, “I know you were with Callie.”
“Yeah, okay, no,” John said. He reached over and took Sherlock’s hand firmly in his, giving it a little shake and bringing it to his lips to kiss the knuckles. “You are the best friend anyone has ever had, ever, in the history of the universe, leaving aside the whole pretending to be dead thing, which my wife shooting you officially cancelled out so we’re going to forget about that. You saved my life and my marriage and my wife, and you saved Movsar’s country, and anything else that happened was
Sherlock sat up straight, bright with the joy of sharing his deductions. “Oh, it’s not just potatoes. It’s all kinds of things--they even managed to do what I still haven’t, which is find a way to pilfer gin.”
“Well, you know I’m not going to tell anybody.” Michael’s arms tightened again.
Sherlock blinked once. Even that seemed slower than usual, as though someone had dialed him back a few notches.  The colour in his face deepened, but he didn’t look away. There was a long, suspended moment.  “All right,” he said.
John flushed, now feeling ashamed and angry at himself at his own willful ignorance.  “That was the deal? He puts his life at risk so you and, what, the Americans can get the government you want in some little country I probably can’t find on a map?”
“Miss Hooper and Mrs. Hudson are at a different safe house. Detective Inspector Lestrade declined protection—rather vehemently—and is presently heading up the effort to find the bomber. I have discreetly placed several agents in position to provide backup if needed, but I believe it likely that he is no longer in any danger.”
“Bor-ing,” the younger commander singsonged to the female as he passed her. It made Sherlock look up, and their eyes met. Sherlock had never seen the man before but the man’s eyes sparked with what seemed like recognition.
“Instead I was a first-round draft pick.” Michael blew out a breath. “Yeah. I could go on about my family needing that money and all, but yeah. It was more money than I’d ever imagined. And I thought about the grad students I knew in the black student union, always worrying about their loans, and I decided I’d play ten years or until I got cut, whichever came first.  And I would take every endorsement that came my way. I would plaster my name on every shoe and jersey and Dick’s Sporting Goods in the country and I would save up my money and buy my mother a house and then when the ten years were up I’d have a press conference to announce my retirement and I’d come out, that day, and then I’d go to law school.”
to go to sleep, I’ll leave you to top up your courage, all right? Text me tomorrow,” Lestrade said, turning for the door.
Sherlock sighed, stalked through the waiting area’s haze of lethargy to the hallway, and slumped. In the past, John’s girlfriends had been a minor and usually brief annoyance, but things were different now. Sherlock didn’t know what the actual catalyst had been, that night at the pool. It could have been Moriarty’s words, or John’s actions, or possibly the realization—seeing John in the vest—that this could all end in a way that would actually hurt terribly. In the immediate adrenaline soaked aftermath, everything had been relief and giddy confusion. They had returned to the flat, John had poured them both whiskeys, and they sat pressed side by side on the sofa while Sherlock sipped his drink and babbled on frantically as John downed three in steady succession. Finally John stood unsteadily and dropped his had to rest on Sherlock’s hair, in the closest approximation of a caress Sherlock had ever received from him. “You’ll work it out,” he had said. “I’m off to bed. Try and get some rest.” And then he had stumbled upstairs, leaving Sherlock to contemplate the vast, John-shaped emptiness beside him.
John ate a few of his chips. “So what was he like back then? The same as now, only worse?”
“I’ll want Molly to review the post-mortem. What makes you think this is related to Moriarty? Beyond the evident cleverness, obviously.”
He almost forgot to look at the ocean before he left.
“That was for me? That music? But that’s beautiful. Why haven’t you played it for me?”
John shook his head. None of this was making sense to him. “So this means…what does this mean?”
“Yes. But. A few weeks ago he—Sherlock initiated—a sexual encounter. Rather out of the blue. And he’s been doing it ever since. Never when we’re kissing or in bed, it’s always just out of nowhere. And he always—the sexual act he initiates—it’s very one-sided, if you follow.” John was feeling quite red in the face.
“Then I’ll stay,” John said simply.
John did not wait to hear what came next. He was already running, stumbling back down the steep path the way he had come, desperately grabbing the satellite phone whilst trying not to go arse over teakettle down the hill, when he heard the gunshot below and his mind skittered into terrified freefall. Nononono, he thought, darting off the path and onto a rock outcropping where he thought he could see the path below. Holy shit, there was Sherlock, still on his feet thankGodthankGod, where did he get a
John stared. “How’s that going then?”
“Miss, then. There’s been no one looking for you.”
“God, I think that was even better than earlier,” John murmured after a few minutes. His mouth was now full of Sherlock’s hair. “I meant what I said—you are ridiculously hot. Forget the view. We could be in…” he searched for the least romantic place he could think of “…my old bedsit and just seeing you with your shirt off would make me hard as a seventeen-year-old.”
John had learned long ago to just follow as fast as he could in any given chase scenario, so he put his head down and concentrated on keeping up. They zigzagged through a few busy corners and then straight through the crowded park, circling around the bonfire and weaving to avoid the crowds of people and food vendors, and then out the other side, down a narrow side street, and into an alley where Sherlock came to an abrupt stop behind two huge skips. John bent double, trying to catch his breath.
“I’m so glad you’re back! I didn’t know you were coming.” He clasped John’s hand with so much warmth that John felt his concern melt away.
“Just fine, sir, thank you. How is Lord Sherlock?”
“Certainly not. My husband had gotten…old.” Sherlock had been watching Mrs. Allen as intently as a cat watching its prey, and now he saw the faint curl of disgust in her lip. “He could barely be bothered to tie his shoes. It was probably for the best. But of course I couldn’t keep James in the house after that. I told my daughter as much, but she’d married by then and claimed she couldn’t manage him. In the end he went to boarding school, in Ireland, but paid for by me. His mother and her new family immediately moved away to America, and at the next holiday James simply ran off.”
John ran off with his wedding ring still on the floor where he’d dropped it.
? They slept together.”
"Ah, yes."  Sherlock brings up a handful for John's inspection.  "
They drink their water in silence, regarding each other. She’s wearing Catherine’s knitted cardigan. No, it can’t be, it would be two decades old. It just looks very similar.
As well as meeting someone, Sherlock muses. That explains the flowery blouse with a frilled neckline and new shade of lipstick.  Oddly enough, the new tone suits her skin colouration.  "As I texted you earlier today, Mr James might have gotten himself sick by eating these.  Or, he didn't and died anyway."
John instantly withdraws his hand as if burned, eyes wide.  Sherlock stubs out his wilting cigarette against the porcelain of the basin.  He then reaches out, putting his fingers to the mirroring pulse point of John's neck.  "And what kind of arousal is this?"
"That's restrictive.  What
He shoves him again and again until John stumbles back against the door.
Sherlock tilts his head, searching for further details.  "And you're sure about this? It wasn't placed outside the door, or hung from the door handle?"
When Sherlock opens his eyes again, John is nearer still, so it takes no effort at all to tilt his head down to meet him.
Sherlock really needs a smoke, and at this point, he doesn't care if John minds.  He needs nicotine.
It's hard work, even for Sherlock, to walk on the pebble beach.  They seek out the packed, solid areas, but every so often the ground gives away and their feet slide on the rolling pebbles.  They constantly need to counteract the imbalance to keep from slipping.
"You don't want to miss a second train, right?"
Sherlock is having a smoke outside, while they wait for their food to be served.  John sits in the shadows, surrounded by candlelight, watching his silhouette outside the window.  He's striking, as always, against the yellowy light from the street lamps.  Sherlock brings his phone up to his ear.  John is amazed by his ability to keep both a smouldering fag and a phone in one hand, without scorching his ear or his curls.  Now he starts pacing.
"What I mistook for attraction--sexual arousal--was arousal from the excitement of finding an intellectual match, which I can sympathise with.  It was the thrill of testing me, trying to deduce what I like, to see if she could have a hold on me for future needs.  She obviously couldn't, but I eventually did her a favour, without any more of her fruitless seduction attempts.  I took her pulse a second time; it was equally elevated and her pupils dilated.  Though it wasn't from desire, merely an adrenaline rush from the excitement of playing the Holmes brothers, and then the fear of losing the game.  Which I mistakenly attributed to an infatuation with me."  He pauses for another drag on his cigarette, letting the smoke pour out through his nostrils as he speaks.  "I must admit that it wasn't a significant mistake, as my faulty conclusion let me deduce her password anyway."
He turns his back to the room and quickly lathers himself with the nice smelling shower gel. He almost gets a hard-on, as if his body wants to expose him out of spite. It’s always been a traitorous, adrenaline driven companion. He’s had to have many a cold shower in his life, and this is not an exception.
Since that first boy he snogged in his early twenties, he can’t remember anything feeling so genuinely
Sherlock blinks.
It's the most likely explanation.  Something, or
The train slows down unexpectedly, and John briefly loses his balance as he's stretched up on his toes to reach the shelf.  There's a bit of a wobble and he unintentionally bumps into Sherlock.
Elbows, knuckles, heels of hands… all are used on their muscles, sliding over their bodies. The massage therapist pays special attention to John’s left shoulder and he can’t help the moan that escapes him. He hears an answering groan and sigh from Sherlock, and John suffers through the rest of their massage session, willing down his erection before he gets up.
“Do you live here or- or are you just cleaning out?”
“I don’t- I don’t know how. How to-” he stutters, digging his fingers hard into his thigh. “How to not be a shitty boyfriend, husband. To value what I have. To show that I care.”
The weather has turned since the sunny morning hours.  There is something sinister building up out at sea, but so far it's still sunny.  There will probably be a thunderstorm within hours, but John doesn't care.
John stays in the bathroom, keeping one hand on the doorknob and the other worrying his jeans clad thigh. Sherlock worries he’s going to close the door again. John is equally red-eyed, but he's smiling, eyes bright and alive.
Sherlock has never been able to deny him. This whole conversation is futile. He’ll go wherever John wants him to, do whatever John asks of him.
“No, but you’re right. I could’ve very well been that guy. If Mary hadn’t-”
Yep, that’s him all over. Every description rips through his chest. He clenches his hands, pinches his thigh hard, tries to keep breathing slowly and evenly. At the bottom of the list his fear is written in letters that burns his eyes.
“I- I- I’m shit at it. I’m shit at relationships.”
“Why did you arrange this? If you don’t trust yourself?”
He hadn’t known, had totally missed the obvious connection of Harry getting a tattoo for every new period of sobriety. That was logical. She’d always used her looks to state her independence.
“Because I never loved Mary the way I love you. I never could.”
He shushes her until she stills, and beyond.
“No. I’m fine.”
Not anything like the things he’d needed to tell Sherlock, but important ones. That’s why she haunts him, like Sherlock did.
"Thank you."  John wraps his wrist again, firmly.  "Not too tight?  No tingling?"
"That's a very tempting idea, but no.  I was thinking of something else.  When we were on the train, approaching Croydon, we passed an allotment area.  And then, I was thinking of those gardening tools, so I texted Sally Donovan again."
He can’t argue with that. He doesn’t want to argue, and yet they once again fell back into well known patterns. Two steps ahead, one step back. It seems to be the inevitable motion of all things Watson.
Sherlock ignores the interruption.  "
Molly just stares at him.  "Are you serious?"
He hadn’t wanted to distract John from whatever this day was about.
Fingers, long and elegant, threaded themselves through his hair, tugging it to bare John’s neck, and then John had to bite his lip to keep from crying out as an incredibly deft mouth left bruises up and down his skin.
“And you’d love it,” Harry pointed out and the two of them spared each other a smile.
-          Mike
Don’t lie. You’re loving the mental image of me sweating, covered in blood from defending your honor, attacking me, shoving me up against the wall…
“Oh, oh Sherlock, I’m right here,” Joan said as Sherlock let herself cry for the second time that night, for the second time that year. This wasn’t like the crying on the train- wild and unmanageable. This was softer, almost silent, a crying that forgave itself, and somewhere in the middle of it, Sherlock opened her arms and managed a “um, can you-“ before Joan was crawling up the bed and folding Sherlock into the softness of her chest, cradling the two of them until everything felt cleaned out.
“That was for me?” John asked and it was such a
When Sherlock meets him at the airport, he tells him about it in the car.
“John,” Sherlock hissed, keeping his voice down.
John squeezed his son’s hand. “He will, love. But maybe we should save it for tomorrow. Daddy’s in a thundercloud mood today.”
“They took two,” she explained, thumbing gently over the picture of a much younger her, lying in a hospital bed still in a gown with a sleeping Hamish bundled up in her arms. “I was so scared. It was my first pregnancy and you were nearly a cesarean. But you were so perfect, lying there. I cried so much, mostly because I knew you weren’t mine to keep.”
“Oh great. Do I know the guy?”
Hamish sighed again but Sherlock could see the back of his eyes light up. “Okay so, there’s this girl-“
“Only by a year,” Sherlock insisted and John nodded.
“Sherlock,” he calls and Sherlock freezes.
“Hello,” he greeted cautiously, picking his way around tubes of what appeared to be glitter and hanging up his coat. “What are we working on?”
“I have wanted to do that since I first saw you that day in the shack,” Sherlock whispered, but it came out in a rumble so low and deep, it ought to have been in a porno.
John paused, considering his strategy. Unsurprisingly, years of managing one adult Holmes had quite prepared him for managing a smaller one without flying off the handle. “Hamish baby, what did Daddy and I tell you about taking stuff from our room?” he tried instead.
“Alright then love,” John beamed at him and Sherlock’s heart hurt and he was confused because everyone said love felt like sunshine and laughter but now it felt so intense it was ripping him apart at the seams and sewing him back together in the shape of John. “Let’s.”
“Shit,” he whispers, taking in his blood-soaked hands. He should wash them. Jackson comes in, two minutes too late, and John waves him away. “Shit.”
“Harry was too big for glorified babysitting in Bushwhick,” Joan said with only a light touch of malice, so light Joan herself probably didn’t even realize it was there. “She did what she had to for her own sanity; I don’t begrudge her it.”
Sherlock came with a soft noise of warning and then a tiny grunt as he spilled into John, eyes blown wide and out of proportion, black with desire and lust. He pulled out quickly, pausing only to tie off the condom, before letting his mouth sink down around John in perfect succession.
When his tent started to unzip from the outside, John immediately assumed it was one of his campers with a problem. The sight of Sherlock Holmes, smiling unapologetically at waking John up, was a shock to the system.
“Are you kidding me, no way,” she said. “Just, when we split into groups, you’ll stay with me, yeah?”
Who even talked like that? Who said words like ‘patriarchal takedown’ in an actual sentence? This whole enterprise was a hilarious disaster poised to explode and yet here Sherlock was, nodded before she could stop herself,
They were supposed to re-enact a double homicide with the help of a reluctant Harry. But then it had rained so hard the lake had started to overflow, so they’d shelved that plan and opted for what Sherlock thought was a better one.
“I know,” he agreed and John covered his mouth to hold back a giggle.
“Has it perhaps crossed your small, underdeveloped brain,” Sherlock snarled, turning feral, “that every time I see her I cannot help but substitute her for-“ he stopped, biting the inside of his cheek, and the whole room held their breath. “I want to help her.
“Sherlock,” John broke off, noticing his tension. “What’s wrong?”
“We ready to go?” Sarah asked, spotting John.
“You’re very good at it,” Sherlock conceded, head hanging down, and John laughed as he wrapped him in a hug.
“Too much exercise, is it big brother?” he taunted but Mycroft’s eyes only glinted back.
John laughed grimly. “True. Is he still sleeping?”
like Sherlock was a child and she hadn’t said
“I just can’t help picturing what they must have done to her,” he confessed and John froze.
John winked at him. “That’s what we do.”
He could have shook her. “Don’t experiment on your meds; you need them!” he sighed, picking up the little container with careful fingers.
“She’s so very different from you,” he pointed out.
Remember how I told you guys I loved you? Remember? Just keep that in mind, okay?
it was just like the chapter meeting, the lights closing in, the scrambling panic- panic attack, she was having another panic attack and that would do her no good, she needed to
Hamish had climbed up into the couch and fitted himself in between Sherlock and the back. Sherlock had curved his spine so Hamish could curl into him, their twin heads of black hair formed a mess of curls. Hamish’s fists were clenched in Sherlock’s dressing gown and neither boy was saying a word.
“He was a good friend to have,” Sherlock said shakily, clutching the bear and John cleaned the rest of his wounds, putting on ointment and bandages.
“Congratulations on quitting, by the way,” Sherlock offered Margaret, and her eyes widened in shock. “It was the right decision, best for Angie.” And with that, he grabbed John’s hand and pulled him out of the clearing.
He wanted to stay with him; in the old days he would have fallen asleep in the chair by his bed. But they had Hamish to think of- he needed to go home for Hamish.
John kissed him, memorizing his mouth, tongue tracing his gums and teeth, drawing Sherlock’s tongue into his mouth to suck it like a cock, Sherlock groaned against him, hips snapping up to roll obscenely against John’s jeans, the friction becoming almost painful.
“What are we looking for again?” Joan asked, thankfully moving on as she grabbed the pile of papers Sherlock dropped in her arms.
“Yeah?” she asked, a beer in her hand. Intelligence notwithstanding, she did not look out of place in a party like this.
“The agenda for today was to plan for the march on Washington to hear the verdict on Roe v Wade,” Sherlock offered, impressed with how steady her voice stayed, and she felt Mycroft’s hands still in her hair for just a beat before they resumed their task.
He said it so casually and easily, that although he’d heard it a thousand times, it stopped Sherlock’s heart all the same. “Indulge me,” he asked and John grinned up at him, desire hiding behind his ocean eyes.
“Well, you deserve to hear it again,” John said and Sherlock was positive this opera had been the best idea Mummy had had in a while.
“Cesare would never have hurt me,” Sherlock promised, brushing off John’s hands.
John dutifully handed over the completely illegible and unusable fingerprint and Greg took it with the reverence of someone being handed actual evidence. “I can run it though the system,” Greg promised. “You don’t have to wait here for it. I can call you with an answer.”
in this-“
To: Mikey@email.com
“Okay Papa,” Hamish grinned, all teeth and dirty cheeks and John felt his heart melt.
“John, are you-“ Sherlock couldn’t finish that thought, couldn’t finish
They sat there on the couch in silence, the seconds ticking by across the kitchen clock, neither of them saying anything but neither of them moving either, neither of them leaving.
“Bye then,” she waved and Sherlock turned almost without meaning to, barely remembering to call out a “bye,” over her shoulder as she scampered home.
“What is more important Sherlock, Hamish or the work?”
“Did you just name the bear?” John cried, frozen in place. Neither boy wanted to startle the newly christened Cesare.
Sherlock was desperate. Two days had passed since he’d thrown over John’s offer and here he was, lying in bed, fingers working franticly at his temple, humming all sorts of nonsense, desperately trying to-
The first leave he came home, Sherlock was waiting for him in the airport. He was skinnier than he’d ever been; and as he held John impossibly tight, John could hear his heartbeat thudding in that large, empty chest.
“We’re not having sex until it’s something you want, not just something you’re doing for me.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock clipped and John’s eyes practically bugged out of his skull.
“I’m not even close to enough. God, I’m 6,000 kilometers away, in bloody Afghanistan. You need someone, Sherlock! Listen to Victor’s apology.”
Sherlock didn’t look at him. “Well, I have another crime scene I wanted to-“
There was something
“This is what people do, don’t they? Leave a note?”
Joan laughed out loud. “You’re not half wrong,” she smirked and Sherlock had the distinct impression she was missing something. “Okay, remind me I gotta start taking this musical education business more seriously,” she promised, pulling Sherlock back in and dancing around with her to the beat. “In the meantime, this is The Beatles, only the greatest band to ever grace our mortal Earth and this is my favorite song from Yellow Submarine. Your genius brain okay with that much so far?”
They spend long nights in his room, pouring over old books and experimenting. He’s not blind to the looks Victor gives him, when he thinks he’s not looking. It feels like cheating.
“You’re a complete ape,” Joan giggled back and all of a sudden they were cackling, covered in mud and wet and laughing around a bagged knife.
“I thought you might want to know Sherlock’s in hospital now. He’s had an overdose,” Mycroft explained and John was already pulling on his shoes.
, they crawled into John’s bed and under the covers, their fingers intertwined.
“I fail to see the connection-” Sherlock starts but he doesn’t finish as John slams the door to his bedroom, settles onto his bed and cries.
“There are no men here,” she murmured and Joan somehow heard her and giggled again. It was infectious, that laugh.
They give John a cane when he leaves and Sherlock hates it. Viscerally. John has a patch of bandage over his shoulder and a metal cane and hair too short. He smells of antiseptic. Sherlock wants him to smell like John.
“Shall we go downstairs?” Sherlock asked, turning back to Hamish.
Mycroft strides out, like he own the crime scene. Perhaps he does, umbrella twirling obnoxiously in his hand.
“What?” he said, not understanding.
It all sort of went without saying but, suddenly, Joan was sitting with her at lunch and teasing her about her food until she consented to eating a few bites. Joan was following her to the library and sitting at the same table as her. Joan was telling her about her absolute shit day over their respective textbooks as the librarians shot them angry glares.
“You certainly don’t look it,” Sherlock growls, licking his lips, and John smiles. They have a few minutes.
Sherlock had nodded, hugging John tight, and promised he’d stay clean. But John had grown up with addicts and he wasn’t an idiot besides.
“Yes, yes, I remember,” Sherlock snapped and John carefully straightened. “And yes, I’m fine.”
“Precisely,” Sherlock said and then smiled. ”Oh. Oh! That’s it! John, you are brilliant! Insane amount of effort means it’s personal, it’s a stamen, I’ve been looking at his all wrong-“
“Perfectly fine,” Sherlock retorted, hoping their conversation quota for the day was filled.
and grabbed up Sherlock’s hand in hers.
“Yeah, I’m sorry I-“ John stared but he was cut off by Sherlock’s lips on his.
“I need iodine,” he breathed, his hands ghosting down John’s stomach. They settled at his hips and John could feel himself turning beat red as Sherlock spoke in that low grumble reserved for sex.  “Can you get it for me?”
Music thudded the house, shaking it on its foundations, and John took Sherlock’s hand.
"What happened?"
Instead, after class ended, Ronda and her gaggle of minions herded Sherlock into the girls’ bathroom, waited till it cleared, and backed her up against the porcelain sinks.
“Tada,” John smiled widely, gesturing to the looming wall of water. “Told you it’d be good.”
“You do remember what happened last time,” Sherlock reminds him, hand on the doorknob.
“Every year, John. How do you manage to get someone every year?” he laughed and John only shoved him playfully, laughing along.
John considers the question a minute. “I don’t know,” he admits, removing his cufflinks. “I never really thought about it. Not now, certainly, not with me in Afghanistan.”
Joan was outright cackling now and Sherlock realized with a start that no one had ever laughed in this kitchen since they’d moved in. No one had laughed in this apartment until late last night. She saw Mycroft have the same thought and both of them spared the other not-quite smiles, nothing that would look like smiles to any other human being but what they both could clearly read in each other. The two of them, partners again with their own secrets from the world. And Joan too now, somehow, in this mess of a home. Joan had found a way to fit herself in too.
in the background?” and curse her, he should never have hired someone this smart. What on Earth had he been thinking?
“Do you?” Mycroft asked, faintly amused.
“Shit, I’m gonna-” he warned but the boy stayed on and John couldn’t breathe as he realized Sherlock meant to swallow.
Joan was stalking her. There was no other word for it. Ever since the meeting nearly two weeks ago, the girl had been turning up wherever Sherlock was. She was at the table across from her in the library. She was two lockers down from her. Christ, Joan had actually even sat at the far end of the same lunch table as her with Marcie and Kelsie in tow.
“Daddy is just being brilliant,” John explained. “He’s solving a case and saving everyone.”
“Do you not… want to?” he said slowly, voice desperately trying to remain steady and Sherlock realized his mistake and grabbed John’s hands.
“A bit, yeah,” John said breathlessly, focusing on Sherlock’s eyes and not the stretch of pale neck exposed by the low collar. “Just putting them to bed. You wanna wait on the back porch?”
“She’s a foster child,” Sherlock lied carefully. “We’re watching her.”
“Next time,” Sherlock promised, coming over to take Hamish from John’s arms and hug him earnestly, “we’ll all go on holiday together.” He looked over at John and the two shared a knowing look. “Somewhere with no phone service.”
, raw and loud, and Sherlock smiled around him.
“You could die,” Sherlock said, his eyes never leaving John’s and John swallowed.
“Hello Sebastian,” he said politely, turning around.
“That’s it,” his Pa murmured as he pulled his only son in close, holding him tightly. Hamish was a good five inches taller than his Pa but he rested his head on John’s shoulder anyway. “We’re retiring. We’re moving to Sussex and raising bees. No more of this.”
Monday seemed to rush by before Sherlock could catch it and suddenly she was outside in the cold, sitting on the school steps as a group of girls gathered around her. Joan sat next to her, their shoulders pressed together, before she reached out, squeezed Sherlock’s hand, and stood up.
“Hey you,” Chloe smiled and he drank in the sight of her, thin and tan in white shorts and a blue tank top, her blonde hair almost sun-bleached white and held up in a clip.
“You’re gorgeous,” John sighed, giving up, and turned to face Sherlock, kissing him deeply. Sherlock’s hand didn’t move from its position but traced patterns up and down the inside of John’s thigh as they kissed, a slow dance of tongues and lips.
“I’m just around the corner,” she promised. “You?”
“She’s my fucking sister Sherlock,” John hisses out. He’s too miserable to deal with this.
“We’ll meet you up, Sherlock and I are just gonna grab something to go- “Joan said and everyone nodded as they took off down the hall.
The driveway of the mansion was not a sight for the fainthearted. Victoria and Cynthia held each other’s hands, saying kind words to each other in front of the grey Chevy. Sherlock could catch snippets of their conversation, ”Always such a pleasure,” “The children got along so well,” “You
Whereas Mycroft braided quickly and efficiently, Joan’s braid took ages and Sherlock hadn’t even minded as Joan ‘played with her hair’ as she called it- getting the knots out with her fingers and redoing the braid several times before she felt satisfied. By the time she was done, Sherlock scalp was tingling in a manner she found fully pleasurable and she felt so relaxed she actually fell into a light doze just like that, sitting on the floor of Joan’s living room with her back resting against Joan’s legs where she sat on the couch, her head tilted back practically in Joan’s lap.
he said
he promised. It was the most forceful Sherlock had ever heard him, the most powerful, and it left no room for argument. It left no room for gratitude either, it just was. Mycroft had made a decision and they fell in line.
“Okay,” John eased, dislodging and Sherlock whimpered against his will at the loss of contact. “Are you ready?”
“To kill my father,” she explained, and she was aware of how lost her voice sounded, nearly asleep. “He’s so much stronger than you’d think he’d be.”
“Obviously he didn’t do his research or he’d realize I’m hardly the
“You really ought to put her in rehab,” Sherlock says as John walks through the door.
he promised himself, lying effortlessly.
“No!” a petrified voice shouted out and John had honestly forgotten they were waiting for Hamish. The boy in question raced forward and began raving, light eyes frightened.
“What?” his faithful partner asked and Hamish met his eyes.
. “We need to talk.”
Clutching his monkey close, he stood and padded carefully to the door. “Papa?” he called down the stairs and the voice that answered was unfamiliar.
Terrible. I should never have taken four A2s. How many As you taking?
“Hey,” a voice said softly from the doorway, shaking Sherlock out of his thoughts. Only John could do that, waltz into his mind palace uninvited, and sit right down on the sofa. “You wanna talk?”
Sherlock shook his head, more in exasperation that in shame at John’s idiocy. “I don’t talk for days on end,” he offered. “I play violin when people try to have serious conversations with me. I do experiments on my school desk.”
“Well you can’t,” Sherlock informed him. “I’d also like to eat with Papa but he isn’t here now so you’ll have to make due with me.”
Sherlock stared at him. “You want me to come with you?” he asked, utterly confused.
“That’s big boy talk,” John promised, anxious to change the subject. “But darling, what we were trying to explain is that only girls can carry babies in their tummies. So if two daddies want to have a baby, they have to have someone help them.”
“It would help if my pants were off,” John reminded him and Sherlock flushed.
They second they were alone on the stairs, they turned to each other.
“What does it mean?” she asked. “The football team doesn’t need two sets of uniforms,” and Sherlock let out a long tut before bouncing up.
the person you loved most in the world,” Hamish pointed out, pouring the chocolate in. “What happened?”
“Sherlock, I’m running out of time.”
Sherlock’s knees collapse as his world closes in. He can’t breathe, he can’t see,
He sneaks into John’s room when the doctors aren’t looking and finds him hooked up to machines, like a robot. It scares him so badly, he can’t breathe again. And then John blinks and he rushes to him, holding his hand. Wanting to crawl inside him. Wanting to hide within the warmth that is John until this is all over.
"It was Hopkins," Sherlock spat out. "That little boy thinks just cause we're older than him we snap like twigs if we so much as trip-"
The six-year-old sat back on his little bum, legs splayed in front of him. “When Papa was one year older than me he gave Samantha B, who was the prettiest girl in all of year two, a Valentine ’s Day card and she gave him a big kiss on the cheek outside in the recess yard," he announced, proudly retelling the story.
He could see Sherlock up ahead, looking rather like a windswept angel with his hair going in all directions and his lifevest clinging to him in the cold. And John realized with a blinding clarity just how brilliant Mary really was.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” he murmured against John’s mouth, trying to soothe him, but John didn’t care.
“Hi Mr. Hamish’s daddy,” he said, green eyes twinkling.
“You can’t take her away! She’s ours! Daddy, tell them!” he cried and John turned his attention to his hysterical son.
Fair warning, my darlings. There will not be a chapter next Friday. I might be able to put one out later in the week though. Love you all <3
“Come see the baby’s room,” Mike gestures and John nods.
“Right, sorry. Um, I hope so. Eventually.”
“Sherlock?”
“Good morning, Hamish,” Sherlock greeted, climbing off of John and settling back against the headboard. “How are you feeling this morning?”
She grinned at him. A year ago, that grin would have made his heart turn over and his brain think nasty things. Now it did absolutely nothing and he had no idea why.
139 days Sherlock
“Better luck next time, guys,” John encouraged, swinging little Carl up onto his back and starting outside. “Now get your buts to breakfast!” They ran outside, the two tall counselors keeping their flock in line, and headed down to the mess hall. Even though he’d spent a whole two months here the year before, John still marveled at how beautiful Camp Baker was, with a huge lake, two basketball courts, activity shacks and a giant dining hall in the center of the camp that separated the boys’ bunks from the girls’.
Sherlock felt his body flood with a strange sort of warmth and he unconsciously snuggled closer to John, intertwining their legs.
There was silence as both boys returned to themselves and then realized what had just happened.
They spent their last night on the mountains resting against each other by the fire John built, to Sherlock’s great pleasure. They had taken shelter beneath a fleece blanket and Sherlock was cradled between John’s legs like a nesting doll, their fingers interlaced on Sherlock’s lap.
“Although the separation will be hard,” Amelia noted and John agreed.
“Sherlock. this isn’t funny. Sherlock, I’m begging you, pick up your phone. It isn’t like you think it is. Sherlock!”
“That’s a good run,” John gasped, and Sherlock didn’t need to turn around to know that John’s face would be flushed, his mouth hanging slightly open, his pupils dilated and his goddamn ocean eyes wide as stars.
Sherlock took his ruined items at the door, cradling them like an injured child as they walked back down the stairs.
your mind. And I rather think I can wait for that, even if it does take you another four years to bring it home for good.”
“Sherlock!”
“Should I?” Sherlock asked, starting to worry.
John made it his duty to ignore Sherlock firmly and Sherlock, for once, complied. John could hear a few of the other counselors twittering about the cold front between the former bosom buddies but he couldn’t be arsed to care. Now, in the morning light and wearing a white tank top, John could clearly see the raised holes on the inside of the lifeguard’s arm and they rankled him bitterly.
“You came!” she laughed. “I was so sure you wouldn’t. So, what’d you think?”
They got to the rafting site in two hours and the boys flooded out of the bus with reckless abandon, yelling and chasing after Mike as he laughed. John followed at the end, chatting to Mary, one of the G221 counselors. They’d seen each other, of course, at division meetings and staff activity nights, but John was surprised he didn’t know the pretty counselor better.
“Shouldn’t be more than an hour now,” Joan said, looking up and noticing Sherlock paused by the threshold to the living room. “Hey, you alright?”
He suspected he failed, if only from the laugh that followed him out.
“Yeah, kinda unbelievable.”
“Jesus,” John muttered, eyes wide. “Mycroft’s having an
“You say a lot of really smart things,” John said, tugging on the hem of his jumper. It was Harry’s, two sizes two big, and it itched.
“I’ll get out, I promise,” he mumbled into the sweaty expanse of Sherlock’s chest. “Give me a day, or two.”
And then he let his fingers brush against John’s cock and John jumped up. He caught Mike’s eye across the hall and mouthed
Twenty minutes later found them side by side at the metal countertop, Mycroft chopping the chocolate into petite squares and Hamish whisking egg whites and sugar with lemon juice on a double boiler. Mycroft hummed softly as he worked and Hamish tried to catch on, humming along with the songs he recognized as ones he’d learned for Trudy. It was companionable.
John and Sherlock looked at each other, and then at the pile of Hamish’s drawing tools, still stacked neatly on the coffee table.
“Preposterous,” Sherlock huffed but John kept smiling and Sherlock felt himself join in. John’s smiles were contagious.
“And if I refuse?” Sherlock tried, gazing carefully.
So here's a little Valentine's Day special that's very late. Shhhhh, I tried.
“And maybe dinner, afterwards,” Sherlock suggested and Joan looked surprised.
“Oh- hey kiddo,” Greg tried an awkward smile, scratching the back of his head. “Your fathers home?”
“Morning you,” John snuffled, reaching out to turn off the alarm clock.
“I know you can’t sleep here,” John whispered, kissing Sherlock’s offered index as it pressed against his mouth. “But stay a little while, yes?”
“Must have deleted it,” he grumbled but the look in his eye suggested he’d kept it after all.
Hamish took this in sagely, nodding as he processed. “I understand,” he reassured his father, stirring the small cup. “I’ll just do what Daddy does whenever you get a nightmare.”
“I adore you, you utter berk,” John laughed and they hugged again, holding each other until Cynthia Watson called out and John let go long enough to put his suitcase in the car and head to the car door.
They were still playing their silly new game when Sherlock seemed to reach his revelation. “They’re east of the Thames. John-“
“If convenient, come visit me in Windsor,” Sherlock whispered, breath soft on his ear, and they let go gently, relinquishing each other until only their hands were irrevocably intertwined. “If inconvenient, come anyway,” he finished and John laughed.
The piece ended, both parts cut off in the same instant.
“He’s on the ground!” one of the security officers yelled.
“We are going to have so much sex,” he murmured, eyes glimmering, and John squeezed his hand.
“No,” Sherlock said honestly. “I wanted to know.” And he really
“Why are we still here?” Sherlock murmured in John’s ear, licking the shell and John suddenly agreed. They grabbed hands and ran outside to the car, making their goodbyes.
Sherlock hated to admit ignorance and Joan knew it, so she explained the acronym before Sherlock was forced to ask. “A consciousness-raising meeting. It’s this sort of, group speak. Women get together and share their own personal experiences related to a certain topic- to like build community and like become radicalized and all that,” Joan said. “I said I would go at the last meeting but I really don’t want to go alone; it’s so personal.”
“I love you,” Sherlock said, leaning back, and kissing this glorious man in full view of every one of his detestable classmates. It is easily the best moment of his high school career.
“Not now, Anthea,” he ordered and she didn’t move.
understand?”
John poked his head back into the den. “Wait for me in the bedroom. I’ll be there in ten,” John promised, eyes glinting dangerously.
“But-“
Although it wasn’t really his fault, what with the way Sherlock had been walking around lately in that ridiculous dressing gown that did nothing to hide her legs and her…legs. Yeah, legs were safe.
“Don’t forget to come to the rally Monday,” a higher-pitched voice, Mary Morstan’s most likely, rang out and a couple of ‘rads’ followed it. Sherlock waited until the hum of voices had faded into the locker room before stuffing her things in her bag and climbing down the bleachers to join Joan on the field, currently dismantling a goal.
Hamish glanced behind him at the clock on the back-stage wall. “Six minutes,” he said, biting his cheek to keep from laughing.
“I’m terribly sorry I frightened you,” he apologized in a murmur. “Do you forgive me?”
What he was angry at, he wasn’t sure. It shouldn’t have been Sherlock, after all the boy hadn’t
“Unrelated.”
That was how John found himself hanging upside down by his knees from a tree, book dangling in his hands as he struggled to read, all his blood rushing to his face.
“You play rugby, pent-up aggression no doubt, unresolved anger issues. You sleep on your left side generally, but you haven’t been sleeping well lately- nightmares. Your music taste consists of the drivel they play on the radio, you’ve always been popular- never struggled with friend. But this summer, this summer you don’t want to see your friends. Why? Obvious- they know something. And given your pent-up aggression from earlier, your poor sleep habits and your absent father- I’m guessing it’s him. Now how did he die; was it a car accident or illness?”
Which was fine with said children. Mycroft and Harry sat facing on another, whispering rapidly to each other. Every now and then, John could catch a word but it all seemed to be about Clara and someone Harry called, “the inspector” who John guessed must have been Greg. The second the car had started moving, Sherlock had sprawled out on the seats, resting his head in John’s lap. John read his book half-heartedly, fingering through Sherlock’s hair with his free hand.
John, I can’t delete the memory. I know I told you I would and I’ve been
Sherlock loved “Peter Pan.” He loved it almost as much as John. He read it once, and then twice, and then John asked his mum to buy him another copy because he knew he was never getting that one back from Sherlock.
“So was he,” John said and then he began to cry, silent tears that fell like offerings in Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock shifted to hold him properly, legs wrapped around him as John sobbed on his chest and Sherlock murmured promises and truths in his hair.
They were leaving the table when John finally asked Sherlock in a whisper,
“You do realize you’re saying that out loud?” Sherlock said uncomfortably and John flushed.
XOXOXO- Shay
John drove well, steady and determined. He never took his eyes off the road, except to give Sherlock a quick look that sent Sherlock’s heart into palpitations. This infatuation needed to end, the sooner the better. It was positively ruining Sherlock’s life.
John often joked that for all his powers of deduction, Sherlock was shockingly unobservant when it came to the people closest to him. But Sherlock noticed immediately upon his return from Bart’s that things in the flat were not as they should have be.
Joan coughed suddenly and began turning, despite the cold, a bright fuzzy pink. “It’s real dumb. Trust me, it doesn’t matter.”
Year Eight was the year Sherlock started solving cases. Small things, like who had stolen someone’s book bag and what the cafeteria food was really made of. John was his trusty assistant, following two steps behind, running to catch up as his mind ran four paces ahead of everyone.
And in the face of that love, Sherlock fell apart.
“You idiot,” he settled for yelling instead. “You could have died!”
“But in the end, it wasn’t even that need that won me over,” she said honestly, baring herself. “It was watching them together- how much they loved each other. How carefully your Papa took care of your Dad and visa versa. And watching that I realized, if I could do something good for these two people, I had to.”
“Who is that?” Sherlock tried to distract him, nodding at the hulk of a teen behind the skinny boy.
“Fires start in dumpsites all the time.” Joan, clever Joan, pointed out and Sherlock was practically vibrating out of her clothes.
“I see I’ve caught you at a time of great crisis,” a voice said that was not inside her head and Sherlock jumped, opening her eyes to find Mycroft standing in the doorway with the beginnings of a smile playing at the corners of his mouth. “But might I urge you, sister-mine, to finish your mental musings in your pajamas? It’s starting to get quite cold.”
“I know love. We’re settled just outside of Kabul now, I’m getting calls. I have ten minutes, love.”
a room, you don’t like us
(See the end of the chapter for
“Pleasure,” Sherlock reached out to shake Margaret’s hand and she smiled at him.
John’s face was like Christmas. His eyes lit up as he grasped the meaning of what Sherlock was saying and within seconds, he’d taken the younger boy’s face in his hands, grazing cheekbones.
“Let’s go, hands behind your back,” Bossman ordered. “Chris, go get me something to gag him with, fucking Holmeses.”
Jim glared at him. “How many times do I have to tell you, not everything is about you?” he sighed, sitting down on a chair facing Sherlock, leaning on the back of the chair.
drug’s busts,” Anderson crowed as he waltzed through the door and all three pairs of eyes swung on him.
“When we moved,” she said, rather than
“Don’t listen to that faggot!” the boy yelled and the officers hauled him by his chain.
“I don’t-“ he started but shut up as they entered the house.
change me, scientifically. But I thought I might still feel… different,” Sherlock explained.
“Not bad?” he offered with a smirk.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said calmly.
the bad guy? I’m going to- I don’t know, get dinner,” he sighed, exasperated. “Sherlock, you try talking to him,” he ordered as he shrugged his own coat on and stomped out the door.
John laughs. “I know. I don’t feel 27.”
But it was a lie, and they both knew it was a lie. “Not everyone wants to be saved, John,” Sherlock hissed before turning on his heels and walking away.
From: Mikey@email.com
“Shall we sit?” he offered and then suddenly everything went perfectly.
“Get bent. Since when are you Ms. Modest?” Joan teased her, piling into the train car behind her. Sherlock grabbed the pole in front of them and with the hand not holding hers, Joan rested her palm on Sherlock’s waist for balance.
“It’s alright, Sherlock,” John says as he opens his bags, and Sherlock has never felt so alone. “We have lunch with Clara and Harry tomorrow. Go to sleep.”
“I want eat with Papa!” Hamish shouted and god lord, he was
The other side of him wanted to catalogue all of this for reasons it did not want to explain in front of polite company. Desire was strange to Sherlock, it fell like a lump in the base of his spine, and he wanted it out, cut out like a tumor. He also wanted it to stay, to revel in the impossibility of it, like a pig rolling is dirt. An apt metaphor.
Hey guys!
“Smokes, it’s near twelve. You boys ought to be in bed,” John said and the fourth-graders broke into obvious protests. “I know, I know, it’s the last night. But you’re already two hours past bedtime.”
“We’re leaving on Sunday,” he reminded John softly, voice near broken and John could only nod back, a broken sort of “Yeah.”
“What, now?” Hamish asked incredulously as walked towards the left side of the car. “I thought I was gonna get a chance to settle in and shower first.”
Mary sighed at him from the bed and it took everything John had not to damn Sherlock to hell and jump back in. “Go take care of your friend John. See you around?” and the woman was a saint.
They kissed until the train came and Joan kept her palm in Sherlock’s.
"Unlikely," John interjected. "If you're good enough, people wait."
Sherlock got up. “Okay,” he said and he turned to head back.
“Please stop sounding so bloody posh,” John urged, looking down. “It’s embarrassing.”
“He wants to know if you wanna eat noodles and watch Lion King,” Hamish translated and Chloe nodded, holding tight to Hamish’s hand.
“My boys can share,” she said, looked at them and Sherlock and Mycroft burst into equally horrified faces. “John, can you share with Harry?”
“This is nuts,” he said against Sherlock’s mouths. “We’re teenagers. I shouldn’t love you like this, like you’re
“Good,” John sighed, heading down main street, “cause when we live in London we’ll be eating a
“Come in, please. Let’s go talk in the study.” He followed her into the house, peering around curiously as he did. The floors were a soft, plush carpet and the walls were lined in pictures. Three children kept cropping up; the redhead he’d met before- at various ages in ballet clothes and on the swings, a smaller boy with equally red hair who seemed to grow alongside her and a chubby baby girl with her mother’s blonde hair who appeared to be relatively new. Annemarie was in some of the pictures too along with a tall man with his children’s red hair, both smiling and laughing.
Mary smiled down at her. “Tea sounds nice. Where do you live?”
Mycroft said nothing. She didn’t need to look to know what he was thinking, running a thousand different things to say in response and finding all of them lacking. “Sherlock,” he said gently but stopped after her name. What else could he possibly say- he who had given up everything to protect her. She’d fled but he’d left of his own volition, had abandoned everything he’d worked his whole life for to try and keep her safe and still, it would never be enough.
“Manage what?” Joan asked into the top of Sherlock’s hair, and the chill of her breath made Sherlock curl in closer.
Sherlock leaned back in her chair and took Joan in. She was blazing, like this, her face red with the idea of a new political protest, her whole body tense and poised for anything, fight and march. Sherlock let her mouth curl up into what everyone back at her old school had called the “batten down the hatches” grin.
Sherlock seemed to flush at the praise. “Thank you,” he said and thank the merciful god they were parking outside ASDA because it was bordering on awkward territory.
“Let’s clear this up, shall we?” Sherlock snapped quietly, glancing over to make sure his mother was not listening. “I have no interest in being your friend. I am a scientist, mind you, and should you disturb my experiments I will hurt you.”
Sherlock actually found himself smiling a little. Maybe poetry wasn’t as useless as he had always thought. He felt a surge of affection for Tiernan. “But I haven’t anything for you,” he said.
“It’s a bit much to take in, I was gobsmacked too. You hear though, some places, it’s quite common. Happens all the time in the army, they say. And…”
Sherlock stayed, unmoving, in the cave entrance whilst John readied the horse. “Stay right here,” John told him. “If anyone comes, hide. They’ll see Circe, but don’t let them see you. Understand?”
“No, don’t,” Sherlock said. He sat up quickly and pushed at John’s shoulder to make him lie down. “Stay there. Will you stay like that, please?”
“Course not,” John said, already texting. “Where to now?”
John’s heart sank right into his shoes.
John could hardly breathe, but now that Sherlock was taken care of he was rather desperate to get his hand on his own cock before the uncomfortable process of disentangling began. He let go Sherlock’s hand and worked his arm down, elbowing Sherlock in the stomach as he did, and by dint of wriggling backward a bit was able to open enough of a space that he could pump himself to orgasm all over the pillows.
“Yes, it was getting to be no fun at all.” Could Sherlock draw this out? There wasn’t a clear advantage to be gained by stalling, but maybe he could think of some way to escape—presumably the two men at Speedy’s were meant to keep him making a break for the front door, but if he could somehow get out the back…
“Drunks and small children,” Sherlock said, reaching for the morphine pump. This conversation was making him hurt worse.
She forced a laugh, a tinkling carefree sound utterly at odds with her terrified eyes. “Oh, that was just the fever. I’m in no danger now that you’ve taken such good care of me.” That smile again, the smile that said
“Thank you, Sherlock,” John said pleasantly. “We’re not going out because your father says you are not to go out, and he is actually my employer, so I do as he says. In addition he probably has cause for concern, which you might take into account whilst you smash up the stables.”
“What you
“Sherlock,” Michael said. He sounded breathless, as though he’d run straight off the court. “Talk to me, man, what’s happening? Did you get him to confess?”
John let himself be hauled up into an enthusiastic, back-slapping group embrace before he pulled back slightly. “Greg, Sherlock—these lads were assigned to protect my medical unit in Afghanistan.”
Sherlock yelped and pawed at the pillow, which John shoved off so he could smile down at him. “Lie still,” he said. “The last thing we need is you hurting yourself and ending up back in hospital.”
John felt a frisson of unease. Sherlock’s homeless network had played a not-insignificant role in his burgeoning criminal empire, and it would be awful if this had led one of them into danger.  “Where’s the guy now?”
thought
Sherlock grinned fiercely, but remembered to rearrange his face into an expression of concern before turning to face the others. “I think we should have a chat with Felix,” he said.
“He thinks everyone’s stupid,” Molly said. “Don’t take it personally.”
“I agree,” Mycroft said. “Especially given that Mr. Turner has apparently disappeared from Dublin. We do not presently know where he is.”
John’s whole heart.
“No.” Sherlock was vehement, suddenly awake. “
“But,” Molly began indignantly and then seemed to cut herself off again. The organ began to play softly, indicating the service would start in a few minutes.
“I don’t need dinner, I’m fine.”
John smiled for what felt like the first time in hours. He switched off the lamp and slipped under the covers, scooting forward to face Sherlock. He hesitated, wanting to hold and comfort, not wanting to cause more pain, and finally took Sherlock’s hand where it lay between them. Sherlock smiled very slightly in the near dark. It looked like it hurt.
Sherlock reached out with one red-gloved hand and picked up the pill bottle, which had a handwritten label:
“Sherlock?”
“Me buggering you? Is that what you’re asking?” Sherlock’s shoulders moved in a shrug. “Maybe sometime, just to see what it’s like. But we’ll both like it better the other way. You like to touch me, to see how much you can make me feel and how completely you can make me fall apart, and I love when you do it. But for you, what you really want is to take your pleasure from me. You were far more aroused holding me down just now than you are when my hands are on you.”
“A whole month! Well done you! When do we give up smoking?”
“Well, how was it?”
“Oh, I would, sir. But I do not mean to impose--”
know how to put on a saddle, you know, I’ve been doing it since I was eight.”
“Don’t worry, I’m not,” John said, wiping his cheek. “Let’s jump in the hay.”
Garrison sat back down in his chair, smiling slightly as he watched John splutter. “How about you fill him in?” he said to Sherlock.
The bartender considered this. “I don’t know about that, but he stole my girlfriend and she had too much bourbon yesterday and told everyone his dick was bigger than mine.”
“What about you?” He finally asked.
“I’d like that.”
The night of the concert, Sherlock was so nervous he forgot his shoes. Jonathan made a disgusted huff and sent him back, but at least he didn’t laugh, for which Sherlock was grateful. The butterflies waxed and waned throughout the concert—it was better when he was playing—and by the time Emily’s adagio rolled around he was feeling shivery and lightheaded. The adagio was a chamber piece for six strings, so Sherlock settled back in his seat and closed his eyes, letting the gentle music wash over him. The cello did not sound sad here; it sounded warm and steady and soothing.
loomed with its terrifying stultifying boringness, and then came the drugs. And that was a very bad time indeed. Because the drugs were even worse than the routines: they took control of him much more quickly, and were much more difficult to shake.
Well, Sherlock had proclaimed his willingness to die for John twice now, so it was time to walk the walk. Mycroft would work it out eventually, so one day John might even know the truth about Sherlock’s death. And as last days on earth went: it wouldn’t have been his first choice, but after all, this hadn’t been one to complain about.
The one eye John could see was still dancing with mischief. “Are you sure? I could tell you more about--“
“Oh, fine. Lots of coughs and colds. Silly gits who won’t give up smoking.” Sherlock immediately felt guilty, although he really had cut down quite a bit. “But listen, there’s something I have to talk to you about. No, don’t tense up, it’s not about you. My license comes up this year and I’m behind on my continuing medical education hours—“
Trevor smiled, more of a real smile than he remembered, and kissed his cheek. “You were always telling me to. And you look exactly the same—well, except for that.” She gesture at his cast.
“So, you are Murat Turan’s nephew?”  he asked. When Sherlock nodded, Mirzayev said with an air of friendly inquiry, “Samiralliev thought your accent sounded English.”
Sherlock nodded. It was the conclusion he’d reached himself. “And what did you promise my brother?”
“Two more days,” Sherlock said happily.
but for the common things of earth,
couldn’t let form. Mary had cut her old ties. He believed it. He had to, or there would be no way he could get on that plane when the time came.
“No, Moriarty worked through Eastern Europe. Mirzayev stepped into the nice little opening we created by taking Moriarty’s network out.”
Sherlock spoke in a low, furious voice. “Molly, I will solve this and I will get you out of there.  Be brave. James, if you harm one hair on her head, I will flay you alive.” He disconnected with a decisive snap.
“He’s not,” Sherlock hissed. “He lied to you to keep you happy, he’s always been lying to you. He’d never settle for someone like you; he’s ambitious and believes he’s good-looking and he has tawdry taste. He’s been visiting the brothels every Saturday night; that’s obvious at Sunday services. He could get at least a Two now that he’s got quads by you but he won’t, just watch, he’ll take a Three with less breeding if she’s young and pretty and has big tits, and he’ll keep getting them younger and younger until finally he marries one and the only way you’ll see your children is from the back of the church, with the other handmaidens, on your fourth or fifth covenant looking at your children up front with their
“Yeah, three of them, looks like they have cameras. They’re about halfway up the chain-link fence.”
“We didn’t find one because there isn’t one to find. We
the Sally Donovan voice in his head whispered). “Well, fine, then. If you’re tired of that then I suppose I’ll have to guess one of
Angelo and Sherlock were playing their evening chess game. Angelo merely glanced up, his expression one of mild interest, and then said to Sherlock, “Best finish this game then.”
Aronsen turned around in her seat to look at him. “So do you have any more surprises up your sleeve?”
“Mostly juniper.”
“I still won’t let you ride until I check your girth.”
need guard dogs?”
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock said, barely suppressing the automatic flinch.
“Fine,” John said, smiling. They had crossed the car park and now Simon struck out along a faint footpath running along a sheltered dip in the rocky landscape. Simon’s name badge whipped out almost horizontally and he pulled it off to tuck it into a pocket. “He’s been having a lot of trouble with this piece he’s been working on and it sounds as though the choir master told him they absolutely have to have it by this week, so now he’s in a frenzy. I thought it might be a good idea to make myself scarce for a bit.” He didn’t mind. It was good to see Sherlock engrossed in something again, even if it did involve him snapping peevishly at everything and yanking his hair until he resembled a deranged dropout from an 80’s hair-metal band.
“What did it look like?”
“Which means it will be the perfect place for me to admire how astonishingly fit you’ve become lately whilst I ride your cock for hours. We’re bringing down Charles Augustus Magnussen
on Sherlock’s shoulder as he straightened and turned to John. “Ah, excellent,” he said, smiling his annoyingly white smile. “I was beginning to fear that I might need to return later to get them, but now we can discuss them at once. May I draw up a chair?”
“I know what hot means,” Sherlock snapped, turning red again.
“Jim wanted a new slave. He decided on me. I begged Victor to protect me, but he would not go against Jim. No one would. Jim thought to make a sport of my reluctance and told me that he would give me a head start to hide, and then he and his dogs would hunt me down like a fox in a hole. The dogs included my own cousin, by the way, but I have no doubt he would have taken his turn in tearing me to bits.”
The shop was loud and bright with a thumping bass music on the overhead speakers. It made Sherlock twitchy, but Rowan piled an armful of acid-washed denim into his hands and said, “Go on, try those on. I’ll find you a t-shirt.”
“No, you don’t, especially not if you don’t want to—and really not if
. Sherlock didn’t like it. His shoulders went up.
John got the jar of salve from the chemist, tucked it into his pocket, and then spent the rest of the day worrying about it. He knew that this was partly to distract himself from thinking about what had happened between himself and Sherlock the previous night, but how to keep the salve from Mr. Brocklehurst’s notice was still a serious concern. He finally decided to leave early and take the jar straight to Matron. Mike would likely be at the orphanage for the next few days from what John heard at luncheon, and fortunately the rest of the hospital was not particularly busy, so he could get away. It was not until he stepped into the hallway at Bart’s that it suddenly occurred to him that he could have simply written a  tag himself. It was not as if Mr. Brocklehurst knew his handwriting. Stupid, sleep-deprived idiot, he thought to himself in annoyance.
Lestrade crouched by the body. There actually were crumbs, just a few caught in the front of her black shirt. “What about them?”
They kept dancing until John stumbled slightly over someone standing still and realized they’d reached the other side of the room. Sherlock caught his wrist and tugged him down a dimly lit corridor, past the toilets to an unmarked door. He dropped to his knees and said, “Keep an eye out.”
There was a moment’s silence. Everyone started at him, including John. “I can,” Sherlock said, a bit defensively. “It’s just a light source and a Fresnel lens; it’s basic physics.” They were still staring, so Sherlock added, “I was fascinated with lighthouses as a child.” This was true. He had a vague memory of driving along the coast on some family holiday, bouncing with excitement next to Mycroft, who kept grumbling under his breath about why Sherlock couldn’t be obsessed with trains “like the rest of his lot”.
“Sir James Moriarty.” Rouncewell looked out into the distance. “Made his fortune that way. Guns and cannon. And now he’s the loudest voice for sending the army in to quell every demonstration, and of course they need more arms for that. And how likely do you think it that he’ll support Lord Mycroft’s new treaty with the French?”
“He means,” Ned said, barely able to speak for laughing, “now that you’ve had the real thing, Lord Sherlock’s bony little arse probably doesn’t look so good any more.”
The posh young man’s head whipped around so fast he almost fell over, handcuffed as he was. He tilted his head to squint against the lights. “Detective Sergeant Lestrade?”
“Um…economics.”
Sherlock tucked the scarf in his pocket without comment and said, “We’d best be going. We’ll have to call this in anonymously because of the bullet, so we’ll want to be well away before the police arrive.”
“This is too shallow to drown in. Here, watch me.”
“Stupid rule if you aren’t in kindle,” Watson said mildly. “I won’t tell. Who were you drinking with?”
“All right,” he said. “Tell me the plan.”
“Sherlock, you love me, right?”
Sherlock’s sexual experimentation had coincided with Sherlock’s early cocaine experimentation, and he’d admitted to John that he didn’t even think he’d managed to climax with any of them. In fact, the only previous time Sherlock had had an orgasm with another person was the night he’d pretended he was with John, a fact that John found utterly heartbreaking.
The corridor was deserted, unsurprisingly; Sherlock’s magical ability to attract lifts was in a league with his talent for cabs. But even Sherlock couldn’t jump the queue in front of a hotel on a Saturday night, and John slid into the back seat next to him just as the doorman made to shut the door.
Sherlock jerked awake, jolting up in a burst of adrenaline before the pain caught up to him. He sagged back against the wall and listened as another burst of automatic weapon fire sounded upstairs. Something was happening, which on the face of things could only be an improvement—although it was always possible that one of Abdulleyev’s goons might decide to cut their losses and shoot him in the head. He tensed, hearing footsteps on the stairs, and then the light came on and he threw up his arm instinctively.
Sherlock was fast asleep, curled on his side with his handkerchief clutched in his hand as though he had been coughing in the night. John looked down at him and felt a stab of such hurt and longing that he had to close his eyes against the sting of tears. “Sherlock,” he said harshly. “Wake up.”
“Of course not. Come on, up you get. Don’t you want to brush your teeth?”
“Hobbes isn’t
that was just getting underway, so he was unprepared for what Sherlock’s mouth would feel like under his. Unprepared for how that long slender body would feel in his arms, for the heat of Sherlock’s chest against his, for the way Sherlock’s shockingly soft mouth first stilled and then opened, the sweetness of his lips and tongue as John kissed him and kissed him and kissed him. He couldn’t seem to stop. It was as though John had been thirsty so long he no longer even knew it, and now that he had started drinking he couldn’t pull his mouth away.
“Are you sure—“ John started.
“Molly,” Sherlock said straightening and blinking. Molly was looking straight at him, arms crossed and her mouth a tight line. “I, I…”
“Let’s go now,” Sherlock said, already half out of his chair.
“Sure. Stay a couple hours late tonight, and I’ll have Elyer cover for you tomorrow.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock managed, allowing himself to be steered to the sofa. “A glass of wine, please.”
John was already halfway asleep, or he probably would have thought better of what he said next. “Could dance with me.”
London will be terribly lonely.”
Sherlock had changed, and not just from boy to young man. Before he would have hugged John in the stableyard in front of them all, but now he waited--not very patiently--for John to finish his chores, proudly greeting everyone who had not yet had the chance to gawk at his height, and followed him all the way out to the quiet paddock before taking John’s hand in both of his and saying, “I am so, so glad to see you again.”
John smiled. His eyes prickled and he squeezed them shut, suddenly feeling every drop of the expensive wine he’d drunk. “I miss you so much right now.”
The smile reached her eyes this time. “I’ll do that. Make sure John updates the blog, will you? I’ve got to live vicariously if I’m to have a desk job.”
“Are you sure?” John asked dubiously. “We’ve gone back and forth once already and you’ve still to walk back to the ward.”
“He is telling the truth.” Every head in the room swiveled at this new voice, in time to see the guard who had spoken pull off his helmet—taking with it his gray wig, sideburns, eyebrows, and enormous mustache, which required an extra tug to get off. Spirit gum, John thought a little hysterically. “He is Sherlock Holmes, and I am his brother, Mycroft Holmes. Sir James also made an attempt on my life which I too was fortunate enough to evade.”
“No, seriously.”
Do you think anything will be open? I’m starving.”
“Yes!” Sherlock was radiant with his own cleverness.
his mind went quiet.
When John arrived back at the flat, Sherlock had both laptops open and was flying over the keyboards like Franz Liszt on crystal meth.
“Deconstruction. It’s to do with their history, why they called themselves the New Confederacy before the British Empire took them back over. Right, they were definitely quite keen at the beginning, also their system was completely mental, and that may have been their undoing. They were left with too small of a ruling class.”
Ryan arrived and Rodriguez said, “Bill okay?”
“…no elbows in your back,” John said wryly. And no one to hear him if he had nightmares, he thought.
“Can we go inside then?”
At this precise moment one of the counterfeiters, whose attention had been caught by Sherlock gesticulating wildly as he argued with Lestrade, shot him. The bullet shattered the window, plowed a six inch furrow in Sherlock’s quadriceps, and sent him plummeting twenty feet into the river. If he had been wearing his coat he almost certainly would have drowned—the impact knocked the wind out of him, and he could not seem to make his left leg move at all—but fortunately he had dressed for cat burgling in lightweight dark layers. As it was only Lestrade’s quickness in immediately deducing what had happened and scrambling a police cutter saved Sherlock’s life at all, and he was blue with hypothermia when they pulled him aboard.
“Oh Sherlock, really,” Mrs. Hudson said in exasperation. “Don’t mind him, dear, he just likes to hear himself talk. I’ll bring you up some tea, shall I?”
Sherlock pushed himself upright and collected his crumpled clothes, thinking with wry amusement that he was glad of his unused hotel room after all; being seen like this would definitely qualify as a walk of shame. One of his socks seemed to have gone missing, but he finally found it in the mess of smelly bedclothes.
“No,” John said. “That was something special. That was you and me, together. Us. That was the best kiss of all time, maybe.”
John stopped a few steps lower so they were eye to eye. “Are you going to be able to get back to your bed now?”
Sherlock arched one eyebrow in disbelief. “Of postwar Sheffield?”
“All right,” Sherlock said, his voice creaking a little with anxiety.
Sherlock just lay for a minute, trying to take this in. “What day is it?”
John’s food turned to ash in his mouth.
“I’m flying out to Atlanta at one, but I can be here in the morning,” Roz said.
The music Sherlock plays:
“They’re in the basement. Phone Lestrade.”
“We have arrested Sebastian, of course,” Mycroft said, “but he has actually cooperated fully, and voluntarily given up everything he knew about both Sir James’ operations and Jim Moriarty’s criminal endeavors. I do not believe he will stand trial for his crimes. Likely I will have to find him a position to keep him out of trouble and under my eye.”
“Let us begin,” the monarch said crisply, seating herself and glancing keenly around the table. “We are here to take up the question of this most grievous assault on a British ship, the
“Mr. Mahdavi,” Sherlock said, with a rising feeling of excitement, “Would it be possible for you to meet with me today?”
“Tell me what you like,” Sherlock purred in his ear.
A woman came in carrying a few sheets of paper and noticed Sherlock and Roz in their visitors’ badges. “Well, hi there. Did you all need coffee or anything?”
The case that would upend their lives started innocuously enough, with a girl with blue hair.
“You said last night you’d be along in an hour! That’s why I slept in your room!” John and Sherlock had separate bedchambers, of course, although John only slept in his when Sherlock was planning an all-night experiment.
“No.” Kelly did not look up from her napkin folding. “I couldn’t, you know? I had to let it go. But it was never the same. I started drinking more, after that, and then I started using. Not a lot, I was always more of a drinker, but enough. I think maybe Note knew, but he never said anything.” She smiled without humor. “Keeping our little secrets, just like a nice married couple in the suburbs, right? Went on like that for a couple of years, I guess. But things were getting…that night, the night we got arrested, I was driving. I knew the cops were looking for Note, looking for the car, but I was high, and…I just didn’t care. When I heard the sirens I thought about flooring it. Not to get away, just going as fast as I could til I crashed the car and killed us both. But I pulled over instead.” She began rolling the napkin into a cylinder. “My lawyer convinced me that I couldn’t do anything to help Note—I felt guilty he got caught, can you believe that?—but I maybe had a last chance to help myself, so I took it. I said I’d help. I answered every question they asked. If they’d asked about Deana, I would have told them. But they never did.”
Sherlock scowled for a long moment before finally bursting out, “So we’re going to just sit in this beige monstrosity for a week whilst you have all the fun?”
Sherlock went limply, unresisting, his head resting heavily against John as though he were too exhausted to hold it up. “Sherlock, listen to me,” John said gently, stroking his hair with one hand. “You are the most fantastic, amazing, brilliant person I have ever met, and I love you more than any human being has loved another human being in the whole history of recorded time. I
Sherlock was getting the bad feeling that Phil Schneider was going to spend the entire afternoon reminiscing, but McGinty wasn’t the sort to yield the floor that easily. “Anyway, the police file is a little easier to follow. So. March 23, 2001, 11:23 PM. 911 takes a call from a Mr. Wallace Stegman that he heard gunshots outside his residence in Lower Price Hill. Mr. Stegman looked out the front window while he was on the phone with the dispatcher and reported that he saw a man running from an ice cream truck into a building across the street. He was able to give the street number as well as a description of the running man, who he described a black, big, and ‘pretty fast’. A squad car had been parked on the main drag a few blocks over watching for drivers leaving the bars and arrived on the scene at 11:27. The officers exited the car and approached the ice cream truck, where they found the body of Levon Singleton, 24, who had been shot twice in the head. A handgun which proved to be the murder weapon was also recovered at the scene; it was lying in the street next to the truck. One of the officers returned to the car to call for backup and heard a rattling coming from the back of the building, which he identified as the sound of someone descending a fire escape, so he circled around the building and saw an African-American male drop from the fire escape and sprint away from the house. The officer apprehended this man who was, as we all know, Darnell Rhodes. Wallace Stegman would later identify Mr. Rhodes as the man he had seen running toward the building.”
“Yeah, getting that now. Sorry. When I said we were in this together—that’s what I meant. Together. Uh, I still don’t have any real idea of how much interest you have in, you know, the physical aspects of things—“
“Go to that nurse there, the one with the papers. Tell her you can shift patients, and be gentle when you pick them up, all right?”
got a new handmaiden.”
Sherlock smiled at him, a huge, joyous smile that felt like sunlight. “
"Creator of the Stars of Night" (Conditor Alme Siderum):
“I have until tomorrow, that’s when Mr. Talbert is sending it to be printed.”
“Both. Work, mostly, but when I was younger, before I’d got established, I used to go out quite a bit when I got bored, which was most of the time.”
“If only all murderers could be as clever as you,” Joan said, smiling indulgently before slurping her soup. Sherlock cringed internally at the sound- for all that she’d left that house, she and Mycroft had never put aside the manners that had been engrained in them since childhood.
Harry ran out of the front seat, a black-haired man with strong arms- and not once did Hamish let up the act. It was late at night, the whole street was dark and vacant and Harry cursed. “We’re right near a hospital, that means they’ll be here in-“
“You are!” he crowed and John flushed. “Tell me everything.”
“What a fucking line, Watson,” Kelsie drawled as she walked past, bumping Joan’s shoulder with her own.
“C’mer,” he smiled and Sherlock did, settling next to John so they were nose and nose. John took Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him softly, mouths barely moving against each other. John’s hands made their way up and down Sherlock’s chest, barely skimming his nipples and it was starting to drive the younger boy crazy as he deepened and deepened the kiss, driving in harder.
Mycroft ground out but Sherlock had no patience for her brother and his too-late guilt.
Sherlock let him breath, in and out, before John spoke.
"No time," John protested in whispers and then kissed Sherlock hard. "Next time, alright?"
“Well that’s normal,” she acknowledged. “But then he drew this man up here in the sky and when we asked him who it was he said it was his ‘Uncle Mycroft who knows everything about everyone.’”
“Reconsidered- oh my god Sherlock what-“ Joan started and then gave up, holding her face in her hands for a moment before pushing her hair back and trying again. “This is not what I imagined I’d say if this ever happened,” she admitted with a grimace and now it was Sherlock’s turn to look overwhelmed.
Sherlock, for her part, jolted up from where she was bent over the library’s biology textbook and looked up wildly, black curls smacking her in the face. “Joan-“ she started and then stopped as the kids at the next table hissed at them to be quiet.
“Of course we’ll go poke around, you’ll be a pain all weekend if we don’t,” the blonde offered and Sherlock felt her heart swell in a way that probably wasn’t safe. “And besides, it’s something to do.”
“You utter berk.”
“Okay,” Mrs. Emily accepted. “But then he drew this woman in a doghouse here in the corner and explained that she was his aunt?”
“No, this is just to remind him that no matter how
There! Done just at the end of summer- look at that! I loved writing this little bit of fluff and I hope you loved reading it. Read it again in winter when it's snowing and you're cold. ;)
“Well spotted; one would say you ought to be a detective,” she drawled, washing her hands in the sink before setting to braid her hair. Mycroft extended a hand and wordlessly, Sherlock leaned her head back. After all, he’s always been better at this than her.
“I’ll have to call you back, sir,” he excused, hanging up, before bending down so they were on the same eye-level. “Hamish, your fathers-“ he started awkwardly by the boy cut him off.
“She should learn to keep her eyes to herself,” Sherlock grumbled, pressing closer. “You’re mine.”
Mycroft put up an affronted expression. “I am no such thing,” he protested and Hamish shook a finger at him like an owner might chide their dog.
“You are so unbelievably adorable, I stagger sometimes.”
“Mhm,” Sherlock agreed, not wanting to concede he was far more out of breath than John. He hadn’t been doing any sort of exercise in their months apart and he was horrified to realize he was a bit out of shape. Apparently not eating doesn’t leave many carbs to burn running.
floated across the tiny apartment. Joan spun her under her arm and then pulled her in.
Mycroft asked her, and Sherlock waved him away.
Greg wasn’t in the shack, but another lifeguard was. John didn’t recognize him from last year, and he was sure he must be new, because there was no way he’d missed this boy the whole of last summer. He was tall, all hard angles, with skin too pale for that much sun exposure. He had on swim trunks and the red tee-shirt all the lifeguards wore. But it was his hair, midnight-black, curly, and long enough that it hung in his eyes, that caught John’s attention.
“Trust me,” John urged, taking the younger boy’s hand. “You’ll enjoy this.”
“No one can ever say dating you is boring,” John puffed out before taking a yoghurt and sitting down by the car. “Now come, let’s eat quickly. We’ll have to move camp or Cesare will come back. And we don’t have any more ham.”
Lestrade gaped at him. “Nothing?”
They meet Harry and Clara in a little Indian restaurant. They’re tanned and smiling and holding hands. Sherlock and John don’t touch, not even in the cab.
When they had caught their breath, and when the lunchroom had stopped glaring at them, Sherlock tried again.
she’d been about to say but that was lie, why was it a lie? Joan patted the area next to her on the floor and unthinking, she padded over and sat down, the smell stronger and somehow not as threatening up close. Joan, clever Joan, was already putting it all back, joint and all, in the ziploc baggie it’d come in and sealing it up close.
Sherlock looked up at him from under heavy lids and made no move to get off. John groaned and then gave in. He was vaguely aware he was saying Sherlock’s name as he orgasmed, and it hit Sherlock’s ears like music. No one had ever said his name like that before, splintered and broken as though it were the most beautiful thing they knew, and he could’ve kissed John.
John pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to stay calm. “Um, they stay under the ice, baby. They move very slowly- almost like hibernating, remember? We talked about this when we went to Regent’s park in December.”
because it was exactly what it looked like. Sherlock’s arms curled around him like some sort of octopus, legs tangled, and both still rather naked. At least they’d managed to crawl into the sleeping bag for the most part, or poor Mike might never have recovered.
John sighed. “I forgot what those people are like, honestly,” he groaned and Sherlock kissed him, all foamy mouth and minty breathed.
“Are we… done?” Sherlock asked carefully, trying out the words.
“Course not. Let’s go guys!” she yelled and they all poured out up onto the streets where already a crowd was gathered, chanting and singing and waving signs.
“I should be so lucky Mummy,” he said through a grin and John could see Harry eyeing him carefully.
“I’m fine, you lug,” John smiled, brushing his hands off. “Don’t worry.”
“I thought it’d look nice, complement your black hair,” John shrugged; not noticing the odd sort of shine Sherlock’s eyes took.
John reached down and pried one of Sherlock’s hands off his skin, threading their fingers together. It would hold.
“Don’t worry,” John laughed, reaching down into his suitcase for a new shirt. “No big right? You’re a bloke too, all the same stuff.”
Sherlock, your mum likes us. You heard her, she hasn’t seen her sister in years.
Mycroft shifted uncomfortably. “Sherlock, if those girls bother you again, tell me and I’ll-“
“My head would have to explode for me to willingly walk into that sadist’s house,” John countered and Sherlock smiled.
You big baby.
To: Mikey@email.com
Greg had the decency to look ashamed. “I’m sorry, kiddo,” he muttered, not meeting his ‘nephew’s’ eyes. “We just think your parents might be withholding some evidence-“
“Papa, you’re awake!” the six-year-old cheered. “I had the strangest dream and Uncle Mycroft is in the shower so I wanted to tell you! In my dream there was a unicorn and Uncle Greg was riding it and then there were two dragons and one of the dragons sounded like Daddy and you were riding him only you were really short and had these hairy feet-“
“I don’t want to be Wendy,” he said, unhappy.
“Yes John,” Harry grinned cheekily and John thought it might all be alright.
I can’t do it. I keep trying to text you and I can’t make myself send it
She’d barely even watched the landing, the TV had made her dizzy- running on no food and crushed ketamine.
to compliment him, but he thrived on those little compliments, slipped easily into their lives.
John looked down at him, black hair a mess, pupils blown and pale skin made whiter by the moonlight. “I love you,” he said softly, the words falling like a prayer from his lips.
He left his kids in the bathroom and climbed over the rather sickening mess that decorated the floor of the cabin before coming to the door. Jordan stood there in his pyjamas, open door held in his hands, staring at a very uneasy Sherlock Holmes.
“To talk to them,” Sherlock said calmly.
“Open,” John ordered and Sherlock opened his mouth to feel John slip a pill inside.
“Sherlock?” he asked carefully. “Did the food upset your stomach?”
Someone pushed at her as she shouldered her way inside and she didn’t turn around to see who it was. It didn’t matter. Barely anyone in the school knew who she was and those who did didn’t like her very much. All she needed right now was just to put some books in a locker, grab her schedule from the office and get the hell out of these hallways.
“Six years, nine months and three days,” Sherlock supplied and John chuckled.
. “Yes?”
“Will he want to meet her one day?” John worried and Sherlock came up behind him to wrap his arms around his waist, resting his chin on John’s shoulder.
He looked down the hall to where his husband was lying beneath an x-ray machine. "I'm thinking we're there," he confessed. "Lestrade's retired, Donovan's retired, hell even Hopkins is getting on in age. It's a different game now."
John grabbed him, holding on tight enough to leave bruises but he profoundly didn’t care. “I’m not leaving you,” he growled. “Do you understand me?”
“Mrs. Teacher says that rain is like the sky crying,” Hamish informed his father. “Only I don’t like that ‘splenation cause one time Daddy took me to the bookstore and we read a book about weather and it said rain is preci- pre- participation,” Hamish tripped over the word but kept going. “And the sky sucks up all the water and then lets it all out so I think Mrs. Teacher was lying, I bet.”
and held out his hand.
Sherlock turned, noticing John’s pupils were still bright and dilated. “Let me- in a minute.”
“You make me want to change,” Sherlock said honestly and John just squeezed his hand, looking out at the lake. It sometimes blew his mind how beautiful it was out here, nothing like the tiny apartment he shared with Mum and Harry, just blue as far as the eye could see and trees grown strong by real soil and not London concrete.
“Afghanistan, they had to start en route,” Mycroft tells him, no emotion. “Bullet wound to the shoulder.”
Mycroft turned red as the table burst out laughing, Harry kneading Mycroft in the side.
“You will not believe what just happened.”
John beams at him, still his sunshine. “I love it.”
to see combat. He
“Oh please Sherlock, you are quite loud,” Mycroft teased mercilessly.
“See you soon,” he promised and he left the bunk, letting the wooden door close gently behind him as John fell back involuntarily into sleep.
And he couldn’t, for the life of him, be arsed to care that he was a bloke.
“What can I do for you?” Sherlock asked, always much better with showing than telling. Joan shook her head.
“Fantastic,” John smiled, pulling out their stuff. “We saw a bear.”
Sherlock was sure Christmas could not come soon enough.
Hamish abandoned any pretense of trying to box and walked over so he could speak to Sherlock without having to raise his voice in the crowded gym. Sherlock was dancing back on his heels in a vest, sweat plastering his curls to his forehead, and he looked over
“And thanks to our siblings, Ginny,” Harry grins at Clara’s sister, just nine. “You are the sister I never had. I love you to bits. And my baby brother John,” John smiles back at her, bursting with pride. “Defending Queen and country. Thank you for always loving me, even when it wasn’t easy.”
“Love-“
“Sherlock?” he called out into the darkness. He’d only waited a minute before hands grabbed him, shoving him up against the side of the building. He didn’t even have a second to let out a noise of protest before there were lips against his, hot and insistent, and he gave up on protesting entirely.
“You got along particularly well with Harry,” he noted.
Hamish considered the advice for a moment, despite his unsurity as to the meaning of “indispensable”. “Okay,” he decided. “Papa will be my assistant.”
“Let’s sit down,” he advised and Hamish swallowed. He didn’t like where this was going.
“Tell me about that woman over there,” she asks, pointing to a woman in red.
But Hamish beamed back at him. “Laurel’s house,” he said, tugging on his coat and sliding back on his trainers. “If I’m not back by dinner-time, don’t freak out.”
“Chloe-“ he tried again and then she leaned up and kissed him. It was a short kiss, nothing more than a brush of lips against each other before they both leaned back, staring at each other with unreadable expressions.
He turned his wrath on Mycroft next. “And you! This is your fault, you know, always insisting you don’t have a heart. God, you both have the worst case of martyrdom complex I’ve ever seen!
“What?”
John looked over, shocked. “No, Sherlock! I
Thirty minutes later, the boys were staring at Sherlock wide-eyed and hopelessly besotted.
He could have sworn he heard the mad woman mutter “not currently” as he passed by her room but that could have been just a trick of the wind.
All of this would not have been possible with you guys, your love, your kisses and your support. Love you long time.
All the detectives in the room froze, looking over. “We still haven’t found-“ Anderson started and in two steps, Sherlock had strode to the shelf, snatched up a broken mobile, and tossed it at the forensic.
“And then Mycroft found out. They had me in rehab for a month, like it did me any good. I was
Joan beamed at her, clearly surprised and suddenly it felt like the right decision. “Deal.”
“Yeah, in my bag, why-“ John started and then it all suddenly connected in his slightly above-average brain and all the air left his lungs.  “No,” he protested breathlessly, Sherlock’s fingers just a strip of fabric away from his perineum. “No Sherlock, not here-“
“I’m sure, “ John said carefully. “It’s just, you’re not talking to anybody.”
“Alright, but be warned- the hot water runs out quick,” she teased. “Feel free to sit anywhere. Make yourself comfortable,” she urged, grabbing a grey towel off her bedroom floor and headed out of the apartment and down the hall. The door closed behind her and suddenly Sherlock was alone in Joan’s apartment.
Sherlock stared at him a moment before John patted the stretch of bed next to him. “Here,” he said again and this time Sherlock came over, settling himself into a cross-legged position facing John.
“We’ll go to a music shop tomorrow,” John promised quickly, trying to avoid a fight in public.
Hamish was utterly oblivious to his father’s mood. “I was getting bored so I looked at some of your sheet music. It’s a little hard adjusting for cello, you have to transpose nearly everything down an octave or so, but I think I'm-“
“Did you have any strange dreams last night, Papa?” Hamish asked loudly.
“How was the trip?” Harry asked as John got out and made his way to the trunk.
“All the time,” Joan shot back but she smiled with it so it didn’t hurt at all. “C’mon, we’ve got posters to color, you mook,” she said, slinging her arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and the two of them fled the cafeteria.
“Uncle Mycroft! Mrs. Anthea said Imma sleep by you, is that true?” he asked, looking up with comically-big eyes and Mycroft sighed against his mobile.
“I’ll turn around, will that help?” Sherlock offered and John nodded. Sherlock turned and then John finally gained the ability to speak, free of those miles of milky skin.
I figured as much. Don’t worry, I’ll see you soon enough.
"You went to playgroup," John summed up. "Broke his heart. Your first day, I think he was more distressed than you were. Nearly paced a hole in our floor."
The teens jumped out of the van, walking through the mostly-empty parking lot to the store. It got really dark, so far from the main city, and John could count the stars if he felt so inclined.
“C’mon, you need to shower,” John prompted, closing their hotel room door behind them.
She was shit at being a friend, she knew. Sherlock never was sure when she was supposed to respond, when it was her turn to buy something from the vending machine that they could share at lunch, but Joan didn’t really seem to care. If Sherlock forgot to
“I love your face,” he choked out between laughs, feeling at the line Sherlock’s mouth made, “the faces you make. I love it. I love you.”
For the most part, it was an evening just like all their other evenings. Joan made dinner, Sherlock feigned reluctance but cleared her plate, Joan put on some music- “Come on Sherlock, not even the Rolling Stones?”- and forced her to dance a bit in her socks, all too much touching and not enough heat.
“It’s beautiful out here, isn’t it?” John said softly. “I’ve never seen stars so bright.”
“Why? I like you.”
“You have my number,” he reminded the boy. “Call me.”
John didn’t say anything but his fingers dug deeper in Sherlock’s scalp, claiming,
“I don’t want anything from you,” John said, watching him. “I hoped we could be friends.”
“It’s not a long story, in some ways it’s cliché,” she said. “I was a poorly behaved child, as you can imagine. It used to be worse, I’d pick locks and steal from the other girls, I wouldn’t do my homework or tests. I was cruel to other children. When Mycroft still lived at home, he’d force our father to be patient with me. Told him I was too smart to be held to the standards of lesser children. He…defended me, even when it was inconvenient.”
You can listen to an excerpt from Gloria Steinam's Address to the Women of America
Hamish flopped himself into one of the ornate chairs and lifted his feet to rest on the edge of the table. “Nope,” he drawled, popping the “p” as his uncle glared mutinously at his feet. “They’re not home either. Pa called, they got three dead men in a locked room and all three were left handed. Da’s having a field day; they’ll be home late. So I came here!”
“That’s highly undignified,” Sherlock laughed, feeding off of John’s enthusiasm.
“Fuck you,” he whispers quietly and passes out, deaf to the shouts that surround him.
“I want to see you tonight,” he whispered in John’s ear in between serving the burgers and rushing off to get more fries. Banquet was one of the best meals camp served, pure meat and unlimited curly fries.
Mycroft came over and laid one hand on John’s shoulder. “He’ll be okay. He’s embarrassed to have you listen, step away,” he advised and John did, following him back to the car. They stood outside, it, leaning carefully on the metal, when John swore.
“Leave it on, leave it on!” Hamish demanded as Sherlock struggled against the small but well-placed blows. “Papa come home, Papa come home!”
“Had to,” John said, his voice steady. “Otherwise, there would’ve been a case, they would’ve made me testify against my own dad. The nurses at the hospital could tell a stab wound from a bottle wound and they kept asking questions. But I just stuck to the mugging story and then Mum starting agreeing….” He blinked. “They let it alone after that.”
“I’m sorry,” she says, like it’s her fault. Like it’s any of their fault’s.
John was down in six, Sherlock’s sweatpants rolled up around his ankles. “Does this really-“ he started but Sherlock cut his off with a look. “Right, of course, you’re never wrong,” John muttered and followed Sherlock outside.
“How’s the play-date going?” John asked conversationally from the doorway as he hung up his coat.
“It’s hard to believe the election is tomorrow,” Joan said suddenly and Sherlock turned to look at her. “And will any of it matter? Nixon’s gonna win. He’s had four years to take us out of this disaster and he still hasn’t yet. What’s to say he will now?”
“This is awkward,” Sherlock grumbled finally from the marble bottom, pain shooting up his back from the impact.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but his grip on John tightens almost imperceptibly, and John continues, words just rumbles against Sherlock’s bony chest.
“I know, that’s why I liked it.”
“I never got that,” Hamish piped up and Mycroft looked over at him. “Why don’t you and Da get on? I asked Pa once and he said he didn’t really know either.”
“-like that would do us any good! Tell me John, did you actually
“Different than seeing,” John pointed out and Sherlock nodded. John groaned and sat up. “How am I going to drive? I feel dead.”
“Sherlock-“ John said softly but Sherlock was getting up, brushing grass from his pants.
“Keep your mouth shut, Sherlock Holmes,” Ronda spit, a slight tremor in her voice, before running out of the bathroom with the girls. Sherlock, for her part, sat on the floor trying to regain her bearings before deciding that maybe she shouldn’t wait at the scene of the crime in case they came back for a second round. So she struggled off the floor and wobbled down the hall to the girls’ locker room to nurse her wounds and clean up the blood before she walked home.
“I know,” he confided. “But lie with me?”
Will he talk to me?
“I worried about your father a lot, you know?” Violet admitted, turning to page to show off a picture of a slightly older Sherlock perched up in a tree. “Not the way I worry about you. You’re so vocal and assertive but your father- perhaps I was wrong to isolate him for so long. For a long time, Grandpa and I worried he might never find love.”
“Bloody prat, meeting you before me,” Sherlock griped in John’s ear and the older boy just squeezed his hand under the table.
“Done what?” Sherlock asked shakily and he could have killed himself for how clueless he sounded.
and then a bit more slowly to
“He tried- I just.
“Mayfair,” Sherlock said and John stared at him.
“Here’s what you’re going to do,” he explained. ‘Every time you see a house, you need to tell me about who lives in the house and what they’re like.”
Sherlock looked up at him with giant gray eyes. “What on earth is a funnel cake?” he asked.
I’m doomed.
“I leave end of august,” John confirmed and she hissed.
“Does this feel okay?” John asked, carefully watching Sherlock’s face.
She was just about to turn around and leave when a voice boomed out from the front of the room and everyone turned to see Joan Watson on the teacher’s desk. Her hair was out, a blonde nest around her face, and her blue eyes caught Sherlock’s by the door and she beamed.
John looked over to meet his husband’s eye. Sherlock was watching proudly, a slight grin hiding in the corner of his mouth, and John had never felt more appreciative of his partner.
He’s just groaning into John’s open mouth, inches from climax, when the flat door opens and Mycroft comes in.
To an outsider, it would look like Sherlock wasn’t listening as he swung four sets of three punches, two on each side of the bag, but Hamish knew his father well enough to notice the tilt to his head, the breathing through his nose and the angling of his body to show he was paying attention.
things Sherlock was doing to his abused body and it took him nearly a minute of Sherlock lavishing his jaw and the skin behind his ear before he could get out, “Sherlock, if any of my kids walked into the bunk right now-“
They had done this once before, and Sherlock tried to remember everything John had patiently instructed him to do, sticking in one finger to join his tongue. John whimpered, pushing against him, and Sherlock, with a surgeon’s accuracy, found the prostate.
“People care about you, both of you! I care about you. Your mum cares about you,
He rang the doorbell around suppertime, greatest chance someone would be home, but was still a little surprised when a red-headed girl opened the door. She was much younger than he was, maybe twelve at most, and behind her he could hear the sounds of a household eating dinner-cutlery clanging and people laughing.
he moaned and John took a minute to smile up at him.
“Does your Mum not like us together?”
Sherlock paused, and John couldn’t see his face but he knew what his eyes would look like, slightly wide with surprise and rimmed with hurt as his brain put the pieces together.
John was on his way to the bathroom when he passed by what he knew was Harry’s room and stopped at the vicious tones echoing from the door.
“She leans in a lot,” Hamish said forthcomingly. That did seem like something a boy might notice. “And she touches me a lot too- on the arm and thigh and yeah,” he blushed. Sherlock wasn’t sure why.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good,” was all the older brother had to say before the bathroom door opened and a haggard-looking Sherlock came out. John ran to hold him, helping him to the car, while the older Holmes watched, impassive, as the sun set on them.
Sherlock turned to him. “Might as well, I don’t need anything,” he said casually but it didn’t take a genius to figure out the boy was grateful.
Sherlock shifted back on the balls of her feet. Even though she was fully dressed and Joan was the one in a towel, she felt stripped bare and left exposed. “I don’t really have experience in that department, I confess. I don’t have friends.”
“Out with it, John,” Mycroft said, parodying his words. “Best not keep these things bottled up.”
Did he ask for me?
He used to crave adrenaline. But now all he wants is one calm day. One
“Good morning, Sherlock,” he said pleasantly and Joan turned to grin at her as well. She had rolled up the sleeves on Sherlock’s shirt, two sizes too long for her, and one was slipping down to hide her hand. It made her look soft and young and not at all like the person who’d sworn with a vengeful fury to kill her father if she ever met him.
“Thank you,” he smiled and the boy, Tommy? Timmy? Sammy?, brushed it off, opening the driver’s side to sit down. John slid in besides Sherlock and they made the ten minute drive into town. The cinema bore the same look as the small town, shabby and broken in, with an almost depressing sort of air. The boys watched the car speed away as they stood in the shimmering summer heat before starting inside.
“Oh don’t you dare you giant-“
“My god, how big you’ve gotten,” she clucked in disbelief. “You must be going into Uni next year.”
“Come on,” John urged, pulling Sherlock up. “I want to see the camping gear you bought.”
“Really?”
“Course I did, great job James,” John encouraged and James beamed as he swum away towards the climbing walls. John climbed up the side to the top of the slide, which had mercifully emptied with James, to find Sherlock still staring at him.
Joan flopped down to stretch out alongside Sherlock and again the two of them lay there side by side, maybe only a handful of minutes from when they had done this earlier. Sherlock stared at the ceiling, at the play of light across the white beams and the dust motes swirling around them in intricate dances, remembering how to use her lungs. She felt Joan’s hand nudge hers and she opened up her palm to thread their fingers together.
“Yes, about that,” Sherlock leaned forward. This was the moment. “You see Hamish, Father Christmas cannot bring you a baby brother because he is not real. Papa and I buy your presents, and we are not ready for a second child right now.”
They spoke of nothing, of John’s favorite ice-cream flavor and Sherlock’s first violin lesson and John’s fear for Harriet and Sherlock’s favorite composer. They spoke of their favorite parts of London and their favorite places to go on holiday and their favorite parent. And somewhere in the middle, John must have fallen asleep because he woke at four a.m. to feel Sherlock slipping out of his arms.
“Laurel is coming for dinner today,” he near exploded and then watched twin confusion grace his parent’s faces. “Laurel, as in my girlfriend? As in the girl I told you two weeks ago was coming for dinner and you promised not to freak her out?”
Sherlock opened his mouth to respond and then stopped as he saw Hamish pushing Chloe on the swings, much higher than he was comfortable with. “One moment,” he excused briskly as he stood and strode over to the wings.
“You guys are real cute,” the girl on Sherlock’s other side, her hair back in a sleek ponytail, offered, leaning in to smile at her. “How long have you been together?”
“Peter?” he called out from his hospital bed but Sherlock refused to come closer, standing by the window as though afraid John might hurt him. John flipped on the lamp by his bed and he could have sworn the genius gasped at the lines on his face and the hard set of his eyes.
“That’s a new song,” he remarked and Sherlock set the violin down to come over and receive his kiss. John never worried those kisses would one day be forbidden; they were as essential as oxygen to the pair of them.
He walked over to the boys in the corner, conscious of how much his heart sped up, how sweaty his palms felt, how every step felt like a step to his death.
I’ll see you Easter, alright?
“She wants to take you to live with her in the country house but you can’t leave me, please, please, tells her you’ll stay with me,” Sherlock begs and John squeezes his hand.
“Hey gorgeous,” he said, looking up and Sherlock didn’t know what on Earth he’d done to deserve this boy.
“I want to,” Sherlock said, his voice still soft but unwavering. “I have since I met you.”
As always, if you're concerned about triggers- my email is in my profile. Or leave a comment and I'll summarize the chapter for you.
“You can’t promise that,” Sherlock reminded him.
John laughed. “Maybe don’t tell Daddy that part,” he advised as they walked down the block. “If you want, we don’t have to go home. We could go to the park and feed the ducks.”
“We were going to live together when he got home,” Sherlock tells her, logically. “Besides, he needs London.”
, in her blue eyes, pen still. “There you are,” she said with a patient smile as Sherlock refocused. “Having fun in your mind castle?”
Sherlock stumbled over the compliment, but kept going. “Are you interested in her?”
“Excuse me. I meant, speaking of death by the Atlantic Ocean, what about death via a technically survivable jump?”
“I’m by the southside entrance.”
“I’m dismal at badminton,” Sherlock offered and then loosed another perfect arrow.
You’re welcome to call me if you get lonely
“What do you mean?” John asked, eying him. Sherlock watched him pack that bloody book into his bag. Sherlock had expected something about crime. Or at least something in a foreign language- for all the attention John gave it. All it was was a worn copy of
“Just
“What were you doing with your meds anyway?” he asked, before he simply forgot.
Sherlock looked over at him and tried again, “Can we please pull over?”
Sherlock said nothing and Hamish groaned, tipping his head back. “This is why I didn’t want to tell you,” he complained. “Now you’re upset.”
“Why do they hate me?” Sherlock asked softly, surprising himself. He hadn’t expected to say that at all, to let out that much vulnerability. It was the situation of it all, this, here with John on the cusp of something larger than both of them and John’s eyes looked damp enough to flood.
The teenager carefully slid his rucksack off and let it land by the door. He needed to keep space between himself and the goons until he could assess the situation. He had to think this through.
“Enjoy your paperwork,” he called over his shoulder as he ran back to where the cast was gathering by the edge of the stage. Dara waved to him and he could still taste her cherry lip-gloss from their stage kiss. Maybe tonight he’d end up with one that was unscripted.
“Well aren’t you a ray of sunshine,” Joan grumbled back, sitting down on the bench to tie her shoes and Sherlock turned to face her again. “So, what are your theories?”
He could slap him. He could slap him and shake him and hit him while he cried into his shoulder and never let him go.
“The meeting is technically over, but we have the space till half-past so feel free to stay around and talk if you want. Remember to bring your notes to me or to Shuli or Betty. Have a safe night,” she called out over the din and then sat back down as everyone started talking to fill the sudden silence.
“148 days Sherlock.”
“We’re real. This is all real,” Kelsie beamed. “We’re not just a bunch of crazy teenage girls in a classroom anymore. We’re a real club.”
as it slid over him and he arched back and nearly cried.
“That sounds like a very strange dream, Hamish,” John encouraged, willing this to end.
She hadn’t been sure how Joan would have reacted to her plan to break into the school by night and copy over some papers and, in the library and still full of revolutionary passion, Joan had nodded in agreement. But now, ten minutes after they’d each snuck out of their respective apartments and met under the corner streetlamp, just far enough from the cop car that was always parked by the school, the blonde no longer looked so sold on the mission.
They stayed up the whole night, talking quietly to each other at times, holding each other silently at others. John told him about his father, the first time he hit him and Sherlock told him about the first time someone called him freak and he’d cried.
The car was so silent you could hear a pin drop. Neither brother said a word as John’s words sunk in around them, filling the car with a tension so thick you could cut it. Softly, from the back, Sherlock said,
“Please Sherlock, I just-“
“Both will kill you,” Sherlock shrugged. She was all patched up but they were still standing close to each other by the metal sinks, close enough she could see the light eyelashes framing blue eyes, trained on her own grey ones.
Mycroft looked to Sherlock, who gave him a slight nod, before nodding back and walking out the door. Once it had safely closed behind him, Sherlock came fully into the kitchen, walking over to lean beside the stove where Joan was indeed making pancakes.
Sherlock chose that moment to come back with the syrup bottle in one hand and a plastic measuring cup in the other.  With a nod, John took them and filled the cup carefully, holding it against Hamish’s lips. “Here love, open up,” he prompted.
. “Where does this water come from?”
“You don’t know-“ he muttered, his hand reaching out to thread itself through John’s, “what you
,” Sherlock called carefully and John looked down at him and Sherlock was truly and properly drowning in ocean eyes so deep and warm, waves rocking up against rocks as John rocked against him, sending waves coursing through Sherlock’s body. John’s pupils were blown and the water was dark, so deep blue it was nearly indigo, and Sherlock felt like he’d come home.
“Listen to him. Please.”
“Are you going to the staff party tonight?” Mike asked as they watched their tired kids climb into bunk-beds.
John just stared at him a moment, mouth drawn, and Sherlock thought he was about to say something when suddenly John’s mouth was on his and he was kissing Sherlock with everything he had. Sherlock was limp for a moment and in that moment he found himself on his back, John straddling his hips, hands on either side of his head as John’s mouth lowered down again and again, working his bottom lip in his teeth, kissing the creases in the corners of his mouth, rubbing himself against him with just the right amount of friction to make Sherlock’s eyes widen.
She’d never felt this way in bed before, like it was all just an extension of their friendship. Like they were just Sherlock and Joan, same as they’d always been, now with fewer clothes but still making each other shriek, still teasing each other for the pleasure of it, still treating the other one as human and normal and precious. Joan sang her way through the chorus into Sherlock’s stomach, blowing raspberries into her skin and making Sherlock clench up in pure joy, laughing and laughing like she couldn’t stop at the tickling and Joan’s eyes and mop of blonde hair pulled back as she sang along and Sherlock had never enjoyed their musical-education classes so goddamn much.
“That’s right,” Violet beamed, bending to put the two pies in the oven. “So that’s cherry pie delicious-“
John would have paid money for those expressions. Not the ones on the yarders’ faces, though those were lovely too, but the one on Sherlock’s face. If pure elation could’ve been photographed, that would have been the time. John had never felt prouder of himself.
“Oh course I am!” he declared. “I’m the child consulting detective- the only one in the world,” he whispered, as though it was an incredible secret, and all parties present regarded it as such.
“Okay,” Hamish agreed and then leaned forward in Sherlock’s arms to kiss John. “G’night Papa.”
From: Here’sJonny@email.com
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John cried, running his hands over the raised flesh. “What the hell happened?”
“What the hell are you going on about?”
They were here for
“Fuck we do,” Joan muttered under her breathe and Sherlock had to lean her mouth into Joan’s shoulder to hide her grin.
Joan laughed. “I may be a little one-track minded but if I only wanted sex, I would not have been down to commit hard-core robbery with you in the middle of the night. I’m a big girl, I can deal with a little rejection, but I cannot deal with not having you in my life. You are my friend, Sherlock. Even if that’s all you want to be.”
“Sherlock!” she cheered, so full of joy that Sherlock nearly staggered with it. “I thought you left. Come here babe, come cuddle with me.”
The fact that that was all it took, really, to get John into the lake was a sign he needed to sort out his priorities. But the water was fresh and cold and he couldn’t help the laugh that escaped as he flipped out onto his back. They weren’t wearing lifejackets, those were still locked in the shack, and he knew this was a colossally stupid and incredibly dangerous idea. That only made it better.
Sherlock looked up and their eyes met and in that moment it was like a surge of electricity had sparked between them like lightning and John could read Sherlock’s mind, his eyes widening.
, she thought as they turned a sharp corner and Joan’s fingers dug in deeper.
“Sam, language,” John admonished and Sam hung his head, properly ashamed. “Say you’re sorry.”
Sherlock spins on his so fast, he can’t even blink before he’s staring into horrified grey eyes.
“So tell him Father Christmas doesn’t make babies,” Sherlock offered but John shook his head.
Hamish sat on his special chair behind Trudy, sheet music interned on his stand, puzzling over the notes and playing them one by one. He glanced up at the sound of the door opening and smiled.
“You’ll like it,” John promised.
“Maybe she comes home once you’ve already left; too tired to change her sheets and wearing different shoes?”
“What can I do?” Joan asked once they’d giggled themselves a bit silly and Sherlock reached for her.
John started to drive, the highway utterly empty, but Sherlock was quite lightheaded and John looked so
“That’s absolutely wonderful! What’s his name?”
“Why thank you.”
It never seemed necessary to have a conversation. And what would she have said, anyway?
Are you suggesting I wait in the corner of King’s Cross Station on the off chance a Dolce Gabana model wanders past so I can assault him?
“Shut up,” she managed to shoot back and the corners of Mycroft’s mouth twitched in response. “How long have you been standing there?”
“I will never love another,” he whispered and Mycroft came over to lay one, calming hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Look who's joined our little cast! Is she gone for good? Who can say? Especially not me... *dramatic wink*
“Not till tomorrow,” the detective replied, his nails digging deep into John’s hips.
Soon enough they stood in front of the slide, looking down.
I have complete faith in you.
John stared at him. He hadn’t been thinking about Sarah at all. “Are you sure?’ he asked.
The fair grounds were starting to empty and Sherlock suddenly felt very cold. He held John-the-Bear a bit closer and looked around, waiting for John.
John gave up. “Hamish, Daddy and I both told you there are no such things as monsters. You know we would never lie to you.” He searched the room helplessly until he found Hamish’s stuffed rabbit. “Here, you can cuddle your rabbit,” he offered.
That was year John mastered sneaking into his own home, climbing the tree outside his house, tumbling into his bathroom window. Not that anyone would have asked him why he was coming home at three a.m., but because it reduced his chances to running into his father asleep on the couch or smashed plates on the floor, or broken bottles on the stairs.
“This is Sherlock’s brother, Mycroft Holmes,” the voice introduced himself and John was well awake now.
In the middle of Lower Sixth, Sherlock took his A levels early and went to Uni two years too young. John never forgave him for abandoning him in this tiny version of hell, even though Sherlock called him every night and came home every long weekend. And even though John never took the thimble off.
but suddenly Sherlock could feel a faint pounding and a rush and then they were standing in front of the largest waterfall Sherlock had ever seen.
“You shouldn’t,” Sherlock said bitterly, unmoved. “You know what Mummy says. Caring-“
“Sherlock I-“
“I was thinking we could go swimming, once you’re settled in,” Sherlock drolled on, walking up the steps to the boys’ connecting rooms. “And then perhaps tomorrow we could drive back up to the mountain range. I have proper camping gear now, we could-“
Sherlock was getting rapidly better, he knew that, as his own fingers dug crescent moons in John’s hips and John gasped into his open mouth.
they reminded him. That was their primary job, reminding him.
Sherlock blinked at her. Joan flushed and, bless her, kept going. “I just mean, I’d still like to maybe be friends. Um if that's something you'd also maybe want?”
“Sherlock what’s going on?
“Not much, we just-“
Dear Sherlock,
“It’s different for me Harry, you have to understand,” Mycroft’s voice was pleading and John heard a rustle and he could suddenly picture the scene, Harry and Mycroft on Harry’s bed, sitting across from each other, as Mycroft reached out to take Harry’s hands.
He doesn’t see the sniper. He doesn’t see him and that should make him feel like a failure of a soldier, but he’s too busy bleeding out on the Afghan sand.
“That was ridiculous,” Sherlock laughed, letting John hug him.
“I would like to…” Sherlock didn’t know how to say it, “reciprocate.”
“Yes, indeed,” he offered and kissed John’s forehead, rubbing his hand calmingly.
When Sherlock pulled back from the kiss, John smiled at him blissfully. “Nice work,” he laughed and Sherlock smiled back. The internet had been surprising helpful regarding kissing. Not so much regarding blowjobs.
Sherlock could imagine it, John lying broken on a London sidewalk, bleeding out, and he
Sherlock was knocking on the connecting door before he could stop himself and was through seconds before a soft voice called, “Come in.”
Which one?
Sherlock room was a mess, naturally. But his bed was huge and he seemed confused as to why John refused to share.
Hamish giggled appropriately and Mycroft smiled indulgently, pouring the chocolate into a separate double boiler. “I wasn’t half bad at it,” he noted and Hamish snickered as though the idea of his uncle ever being less than perfect at something was ridiculous. It was a heady feeling, being so worshipped.
“Get changed,” he ordered and John stood there awkwardly, unsure of where to go. “Oh for goodness sakes, it’s nothing I haven’t seen before,” Sherlock reminded him and, true as that was, John felt reluctant to simply strip in front of the other teen.
Sherlock’s cell phone chimed and both geniuses turned to the corner where Moran, without any prompts, read, “For gods sake Sherlock, you promised you’d stop running off places. What happened this time?”
“John, if you want me coming fast, don’t you dare tease me,” Sherlock gasped out and John smiled, kissing him.
He froze at the traumatized look on Mike’s face, a mix between horrified and offended. “I’ll wait outside then,” the poor counselor squeaked before letting the tent flap fall, not even zippering it.
And John at night, waking Sherlock up with his screams of utter terror and his gasps of
“Is he with-“
“And you were such an impatient baby,” she laughed and Hamish caved. “You kicked me black and blue from the inside, desperate to get out. I had the strangest cravings. And your Dad was a menace. He regulated everything I ate, designed vitamins for me, picked out all of my doctors. Both your parents loved you from the moment you were artificially conceived.
“Let’s go guys,” she yelled out and the whole pack moved forwards to the train station. They filled up half a car, laughing and singing to each other and by the time they got to Manhattan, Sherlock felt her body vibrating with nervous energy. Joan had slung an arm around her shoulders before she even noticed herself shaking. “It’s gonna be just fine,” the blonde promised. “It shouldn’t get violent or anything.”
“Mr. Fitzpatrick wasn’t stuffed, he was knit,” she protested and Joan just laughed again, that laugh that Sherlock knew wasn’t at her or about her but
“How much longer to I need to stay like this?” he begged.
“Give me a minute, I’ll return the favor,” John muttered against Sherlock’s shirt.
“No it’s not. What’s surprising is that
“You treat our girl right, Sherly, you hear me? Give her a good seeing-to,” a girl in a biker jacket whose real name Sherlock didn’t know but whom everyone called ‘Baby’ called and Joan laughed.
“John please-“ Sherlock started but John wasn’t even looking at him, just clenching his fists and glaring at the boys in the corner.
“That may be but Harry sent me a letter yesterday with a whole two dollars in it and I have grand plans to buy us both milkshakes,” Joan said as Sherlock followed her dutifully out of the class, pausing to shut the light off behind them. “And that requires us to get to the corner store before they close for the night.”
“Should we tell him?” he asked, unsure for one of the few times in his life.
Excellent deduction.
“Partner,” John corrects with a smile and if Sebastian gazes too long at the hickey on John’s neck, he doesn’t say it.
“Oh dear god,” Sherlock gasped out and John laughed softly, pressing their mouths together once more in an almost-sweet kiss. Almost sweet because, as they kissed, John reached down to grab Sherlock’s arse and squeeze.
“Sherlock, if we’re caught we’ll be fired for this,” John hissed, tugging off his shirt even as he protested.
“Whip cream?”
When they pulled back, Hamish was nodding soundly. “I get it,” he announced. “You love me cause I’m your baby. And you love Papa cause together you get to make babies.”
Kelsie pounced as soon as they were in earshot. “Was that-“
The door to the bathroom burst open and Sherlock heard Joan mutter, “I knew you’d fall right over, you big idiot, just let me help you,” as hands hoisted her up and helped maneuver her out of the shower before bundling Sherlock up in a thick, white towel.
“Yes,” John said and Sherlock snuggled deeper, his arms winding themselves around John so tight he almost couldn’t breathe.
, Joan’s palm resting at the small of Sherlock’s back as they swayed and waited for the oven to beep. And then the fries, and the eye-contact, and now this.
“No talking,” John ordered, crossing his arms and leaning against the seat. “I’m done with both of you for the day.”
, Victoria Holmes made good on her threat to throw John a party.
She countered and again her mind supplied a logical answer.
ago; I had violin lessons starting from age four-“
Two rings meant Sherlock should throw a dressing-gown on and run downstairs to open the door and let John in. He’d stopped asking if it was okay for him to sleep over after the third time it happened. By mid-year, John stopped going home altogether. Most of his clothes took up residence in Sherlock’s closet. They learned to share the giant bed, which had gotten progressively less big the larger they got. They also learned to leave the house a good hour before school started so the maids didn’t notice the extra person in Sherlock’s bed.  They didn’t worry about his parents noticing.
The protest the girls attended isn't 'real' per-say but even in the 70's, and especially right before Nixon's re-election, anti-war protests were still pretty common, New York having always been a hot spot for political activity.
“I know. I trust you.”
“No you’re not,” Sherlock said, no doubt in his voice.
“Not terrible,” he acknowledged and in an instant, the tension snapped as everyone laughed, his Pa a higher-pitched giggle,  before Sherlock deduced, “Hamish wants dinner.”
“I know, god Sherlock, I know,” John begged, apologizing, and Sherlock shook his head.
The posters did go up in the hallway but suddenly, seemingly overnight, the feminist club had become real in the eyes of the school and with its launch to legitimacy came the sudden celebrity of its founders. Joan and Sherlock had always gotten stares when they walked to their lockers but generally it was because of Joan’s pins and jackets, or because someone had gotten on the wrong end of one of Sherlock’s diatribes. Now though, the stares came with high fives and whistles and, memorably, a hard pat on the back by one of the football receivers.
“You do experiments with me all the time!” Sherlock protested, touting his evidence like this was a trial.
“Because I’m in a higher bio class than you are,” Joan teased, making a face and then putting the same food she had taken for herself on Sherlock’s tray without asking. “You may be better than me at a lot of thing, but you’re not better than me at bio.”
Did you like the pictures?
“You’re coming home with me,” Mycroft orders and Sherlock riots. He’s been living at Baker Street, turning it into something for John to come home to. “Sherlock-“
John spun around to gaze at him through glazed eyes. “My poor baby, you’re so on edge.”
“See you at swim,” John offered and Sherlock grinned, real and vivid, and it made John’s heart freeze.
“It’s such a miracle they found me,” Tara Barret beamed after Amelia had gone, watching her niece with a fondness you couldn’t sham. “I’d almost given up myself till someone emailed me a picture of Chloe playing in a park. I don’t know how they found me; I didn’t even get a name.”
“I’m sorry, what?” John asks, hanging up his coat.
EPILOGUE- January 22, 1973
*phone call 11:15 pm*
That had dried her mouth out so quickly, Sherlock had needed to swallow twice before she could find the voice to respond.
“I’m smarter than you,” he teased and Sherlock growled but allowed herself to be turned back around so he could finish off the braid. “But you still haven’t told me whose clothes these are.”
To: Here’sJonny@email.com
“So not for sentiment then,” John pushed, rather desperate. “Just to get off.”
“Patience,” Sherlock counseled. “I have a plan. One that will get rid of his fear entirely.”
“It’s big enough for the two of us to not even touch, and the guestroom’s at the other end of the house,” he explained reasonably, sitting cross-legged on the gigantic thing, like some wild Indian out of Neverland.
Sherlock blinked at the girl in front of her, snatching her hands back before they could do any damage. Joan's blonde hair was pulled back tightly from her face and she’d cut the sleeves off a t-shirt, jeans rolled up at the bottom. In short, she was every bit as beautiful as she’d been the whole of last year- well, whatever Sherlock had been able to see of her from two rows behind her in Chemistry.
“Vividly,” John responds, a bit breathless, and Sherlock grins in triumph.
“Oh Sherly, how long until you learn that NOT EVERYTHING IS ABOUT YOU!” he yelled suddenly, frightening Sherlock. The boy was unhinged.
“And a terror,” Mike laughs, squeezing Molly’s hand. “Cries like nobody’s business.”
“No. He would’ve told me.”
John rubbed back once more and
Who gives you guys long, fluffy chapters? I do! Holy bejesus, I love you guys.
“Excellent question, Sherlock. Should not have just assumed we were all on the same page about that,” she said. “It’s a long answer but NYRF’s reason for going is that they as citizens are against the war. Too often when women protest war, we are forced to protest as grieving mothers, as grieving wives, as women who stand to lose the men in our lives. But who are we then? We are women and we are against the war- because of its cruelty, its senselessness, for millions of reasons. But we’re not mothers, or even wives. We are citizens of a country, just like any male citizen and we are against this war as much as they are. We don’t need to protest war while propping up traditional womanhood- we can protest both at the same time.”
“We’re very ashamed,” he promised. “Now drive, you maniac.”
How are you holding up?
“Well, cause men are against the war too, mostly,” she explained. “But plenty of men are feminists.”
Hamish looked appalled at this news. “But then how are they gonna know if something’s true or not? They gotta lemon-aid all the other oshi-pons and then whatever the rats leave must be true!”
Hamish stepped back, evaluating Mycroft carefully. He paused, as though considering great things, before asking, “Uncle Mycroft, are you gonna have a baby?” pointing a questioning finger at Mycroft’s stomach.
“We’re saving people,” she tries and he finally looks at her. She’s been crying, dirt smudges under her eyes reveal tear tracks, and he feels like shit.
“These lyrics are inane,” Sherlock muttered, grumbling as she tried to finish her pasta before Joan slid over and took it right out of her hands. “Oh for god’s sake-“
“Not right now, Mrs. Hudson,” he said briskly, bounding up the stairs and bursting into the living room.
“You’ll like it, trust me,” she said, grabbing the two glasses and handing one to Joan before offering the other to Sherlock, who shook her head and held up her still half-full vodka cranberry. The woman shrugged and took a sip of the drink herself. “I’m Mary. What’s your name?”
John fidgeted with Chloe’s hair, smoothing it back into a ponytail. “Detective Greg is a very nice guy,” he promised, helping the nervous eight-year-old tug down her skirt. They’d picked the nicest outfit she had, out of the old clothes friends had donated, in an effort to calm her down.
“Perfect,” John said, calling him back reality and Sherlock noticed he’d opened his legs further out at John’s touch. John seemed to stop the cocky persona he put on for Sherlock's benefit and grew nervous. "Spread your legs, just like that. Can you do three fingers? For me?” he asked carefully and Sherlock loved him for it
“Hey there, Cesare,” Sherlock called out to the lumbering bear which had not moved since the boys had appeared on the scene. “Are you hungry?”
“I try not to make conversations with dull people,” the teen huffed and John tilted his head.
I know the Hampshire fair is in May, lovelies, and doesn't have half these things. I took great artistic liberties :)
“Alright, five,” he conceded and shushed Sherlock when he moved to counter. “Five, and let’s go.”
“We’ve been playing this little game, him and me, for the past year now,” Jim explained, relishing the pained expressions that crossed Sherlock’s face. The man could deal with just about anything except the idea his brother was better than him. “Ever since he took that internship last year. Competing to see who was more
John was in the kitchen by the sink when he heard the front door slam as tiny feet raced up the stairs.
“He came to me when I was crying once. I didn’t cry a lot as a baby, all the Au Pairs loved me. Hated me as a toddler, but they loved me as a baby. But this time I was crying and Mycroft says he came right up to my pram and whispered something in my ear. And it was like a faucet. I just turned off.”
“Read them all,” Sherlock brushed off.
The bell rang in the lobby and people began making their way into the theater. Sebastian spared Sherlock one last glance before smiling at him in a way that turned Sherlock’s stomach and heading inside.
“I-“ she started and Joan seemed to get the gist of what she meant
A sudden scream startled him out of his game and he looked up. There were heavy stomps on the stairs and he dropped his toys. “Daddy?” he called out hesitantly. He knew his fathers were busy with something for Uncle Greg, and Nanny Hudson was watching him. But she was right in the living room, she would have said something if his fathers had come home.
“Obvious,” Sherlock retorted. “Her grades get higher the two weeks following when she’d given allowance and then drop back down, presumably when she no longer has any bribe money. She gets her allowance on the fourteenth which is obvious because she always comes into school on the fifteenth with a new hair accessory and I know her grades because she sits in front of me and I can see them over her shoulders but that’s not cheating.”
to say, and so he kept his mouth shut rather than say the wrong thing.
“No, no, no,” Sherlock tutted, waving a hand. “You saw what she was wearing. If he had bought those rings for
“I’ll help you tie it,” John offered and Hamish held still while his father knotted it around his neck.
“Might be best,” John figured. “I barely kept it together.” He was silent a moment, covering his jaw with his palm. “I know it’s stupid but she’s been with us so long I’ve started to think of her as-“
“No father,” Sherlock whispered to Mycroft. “Why? No, don’t tell me. Perhaps it will occupy me for a day, keep me sane a little longer.”
Sherlock can’t look at him. “I kissed Victor.”
*Phone call- 11 pm*
“I’d love to,” she said and Sherlock was home.
“Hey,” she says and he knows what she’s going to say before she says it.
I know. That’s why I love doing it for you.
Hamish looked so downcast, Sherlock tugged a glove off to reach out to him. “I could tutor you,” he suggested and Hamish just raised an eyebrow. “I could hire someone to tutor you,” he corrected but Hamish shook his head.
“Sherlock, got it,” Joan nodded before breaking out in a smile. “Oh yeah I totally remember you. You’re the kid who figured out that Mr. Rockland was sleeping with Janet and then told everyone right in the middle of class, yeah?”
“It’s okay. Cry.”
“Like I’d ever ask for help from Mycroft,” Sherlock positively sneered. “Besides, he and Harry left the house an hour ago.”
“That was their mistake,” Sherlock grumbles but he follows John into the cab and down to Molly’s flat.
She doesn’t say anything and he swears. “What the hell are they dying for, Sarah? What are we doing here anyway?”
“I do try.”
The boys were all fourth-graders, yes, and far too old for bedtime stories. But John had found that so far away from home, and often alone for the first time in their lives, the little ones appreciated a voice lulling them off to sleep.
“I did,” Hamish smiled, amused by just how little attention Sherlock paid to the nonsense of his life. All his friend’s parents had been on them about A-levels since they’d been in reception. Sherlock had shown zero interest, but he remembered the exact brand of wrist tape Hamish preferred after watching the way each one chaffed his skin. “And now I take them upper sixth too.”
“If you could be any vegetable, which one would you be?” Hamish asked Chloe as they followed a few tiny paces behind Sherlock, their interlocked hands swinging in between them.
“Oh, shut it,” he groaned and Sally took mercy on him, pulling out a lighter to set the bundle aflame. She merely shrugged at the look he gave her.
“Yep, pretty much dead now. But tiny Sherlock awwwwww.”
Forty minutes later found them coming out of the “bank” with shaky knees and mile-wide smiles. Soon there was a train to board and Hogwarts to visit. They dared and double-dogged dared each other to ride the Dragon Challenge and Hamish yelled so loud he was surprised he had any voice left when they got off.
“Come on John,” he urged, voice low and deep and it sounded to John like the vocal incarnation of sex itself. “It’ll be
“Then again, I completely respect your parenting strategies,” Sherlock offered, already shedding his shirt as he ran from the room, leaving John to walk up the stairs alone, ready to spray the underside of Hamish’s bed with Aerosol.
“No,” Sherlock said immediately and John looked up to find the boy smiling at him. “But I’ll suffer through it if I must.”
“Too often,” Sherlock clarified and John kicked him.
Stupid,
They never said
Joan’s face did a funny thing, as though she was split between laughing and blushing. “That’s sweet, honestly, but you don’t have to wait. I could just come pick you up when we’re done and we could hang out then.”
“You, of course,” Joan said and Sherlock’s heart, which had only moments ago felt strangled within an inch of its life, suddenly felt so uncontainably full she was at a total loss of what to say. “Mycroft was just telling me stories of you as a child. You never mentioned your stuffed rabbit.”
“It was after one of our boys died, just a kid. Named Nikolas. She kissed me, I didn’t kiss her back. I didn’t tell you cause it wasn’t sexual. It was just desperate. We were both very broken people, Sherlock.”
Somewhere else, the record finished and spun off into silence, this side of the album done, but neither of them noticed.
“Mycroft’s come home,” he explained, perched on top of the brick wall on John’s corner like a cat, one leg dangling over as he smoked. “He sees everything. He’ll ask questions.”
“Whatever will we do with the second one?”
“Not gay,” Sherlock blurted and then, feeling herself burst into a blush, backtracked. “I mean, thank you. I’m not- not gay I’m just with a friend.”
“Yeah, he needs a snack!” “Get a snack!” “Not fair!”
John hovered on the edge of the doorway, willing himself to raise his hand and knock.
“Impossible.”
“Sir,” she said and that was the third and final sign. “There’s been an incident.”
“Since when do you know snorkeling?” he asks his older sister, smiling, and she winks at him.
They arrived at the theater twenty minutes before curtain. John was tugging self-consciously at his button-down. It had been the fanciest thing he’d brought but stood to nothing next to the suits and gowns of everyone in the hall.
