Now, though, Kelly bursts into tears, dramatic as all hell as Sarah tries to comfort her, wiping her tears and cooing in her ear like the sweet-as-sugar girl she is. Dean’s not buying it, and neither is Cas, apparently.
All the while, eyes burn into him from across the table, and when he glances up, it’s to find Kelly’s pleading eyes, as discreet as a bull in a china shop.
“He seems to have disappeared, your highness.” That shivering, shaking fear—Dean doesn’t know the voice, but he’d recognize the tone of failure just about anywhere. “The last we saw of him was shortly after he left the palace—”
Someone knocks on the door, but Dean doesn't move, too distraught to do anything but rest his forehead in one hand as he hunches over on the couch, so the guard opens it, sticking her head out and having a brief conversation with whoever's there, before she steps out, too, leaving him alone.
Castiel looks up from his plate, his eyes wide, but he gathers himself quickly and clears his throat to speak. “No, I can’t say I do.”
They're practically nose to nose, with Castiel's fingers still wrapped around Dean's arm and their breaths mingling in the space between them. Even soaking wet and disheveled, Castiel is the most beautiful man Dean's ever seen, and deep in his bones, he knows this is right. Staying here is right. Giving this a chance is right. But, more than anything, being with Castiel is
He closes his eyes as she runs her fingers through his hair, stroking softly and massaging his temples as the crew works around them, not daring to ask Susie to move him for any reason.
“Sit, Dean,” the king, Chuck, says, waving at the chair beside Castiel’s, and Dean forces his shaking legs to carry him across the polished wood. He watches Castiel, but his prince won’t look at him, staring straight ahead at the painting of a battle behind his father’s head.
Dean grabs a book from the shelves at random before kicking off his shoes and lowering himself to the soft, down pillows. He tosses his jacket aside, the beige fabric landing out of sight, but Dean doesn’t care—he contents himself in the warmth of the small room, his heart beating steady and calm for the first time in days.
Dean's so distracted by his confusion and the rose in his hand that he doesn't notice Jo's teary eyes and gritted teeth right away, but then he catches her watery gaze and all his relief turns into guilt when he sees the devastation, plain as day, in every inch of her face.
"I've got a headache," he whispers to Susie as a lump rises in his throat. He pushes a hand through his hair, feeling his misery swell up again.
Castiel leans closer, something like hate contorting his features, but Dean’s not quite sure from this angle. What he does know is that he’s well out of his depth. No matter how much he wants to shout and rage and tell this fucking prick what’s what, he can’t. Not without being tossed out on his ass.
Dean has the waistcoat off its hanger before he’s finished deciding what he’s going to do, and he shrugs it on, doing up the little eye-hooks down the centre as his chest constricts in its new confines.
He blames it on being cooped up inside for too long. He needs to burn off some energy, but at the same time, when daytime comes, he can barely drag himself out of bed. He can feel it—how he's sinking into himself, losing his happiness with every passing day—and he doesn't know how much longer he can do this.
?" Dean yells, tired and weary and too damn upset to be anything but harsh. "To insult me some more? Maybe call me a liar
Yeah, yeah, I know it's been months. I AM sorry, but there were other challenges to work on lol. I'm trying to get a few chapters ahead so this story doesn't go un-posted for so long, but we'll see how well that works since nothing seems to go as planned with this one.
“Susie is a fucking genius,” Dean mumbles, unable to keep it in with the alcohol flowing through his veins. He feels all jittery—hopped up on the game, and Castiel, and that fucking
. Whatever it is, it’s one of the best things Dean has ever had, especially when they serve the mushroom, onion, ham, and cheese one.
Shocked speechless, he stands there with his lips parted and emotion swelling up in the back of his throat. He swallows hard, forcing the tears back as he nods and steps past her.
He wraps a scarf around his neck and pulls on his mittens, not really caring if he looks like a marshmallow, though he’s sure the rest of the suitors will.
“Oh, stop moping,” Charlie says, flopping down beside him with a sunshine grin and hay in her hair. “It’s not hot.”
Lucifer shoves him away, sending him stumbling back. He gets a look at Kelly, rumpled and worried, before Lucifer's stone-cold eyes block his vision. Dean spins away, forcing his feet, one in front of the other, up the stairs and back into the halls, his heart thundering in his chest.
Dean lets his mind wander as Susie rinses the shampoo from his hair—tipping his head back and closing his eyes as he tries not to feel the anxiety swelling up inside him. He knew he’d have to face everyone eventually, but tonight?
"Oh, Dean, honey, it's good to hear from you. How are things? What's happening there? Oh crap, forget I asked—can't tell me anyway."
“Honestly? No. The prince might not think he did it on purpose, but he still did it.” Sarah, that’s definitely Sarah. “But, going on a date with Lily? I don’t know, Kels…”
. “So impatient,” Castiel scolds, pressing every part of his overheated body to Dean’s. Dean rolls his hips, grinding his ass against Castiel’s thick cock, listening as the ex-angel’s breath hitches in his ear, and Dean does is again, fingers curling into the worn leather as Castiel grips his hips and pulls him in.
“S’okay, Cas. It’s fine.” But it’s not, and they both know it. Castiel steps closer—so close that his shoulder brushes Dean’s leg—and electric heat radiate through him, setting his blood on fire and standing his hairs on end.
, Dean. Do you know what everyone was saying at school yesterday? Talking about you and the Crown Prince? It was disgusting.” Sam’s being ridiculous, Dean knows, but there’s something deeper to all this—there has to be, because Dean’s dating the prince, and yeah, there’s the no touching thing, but Castiel is the
His mouth tastes like he hasn’t brushed his teeth in a week and the ache in his eyes only gets worse when he rubs them. God, he feels like absolute shit on a stick.
“Good,” Castiel whispers, wetting a cloth and moving to squat in front of Dean. “I just need to get the old makeup off.” Dean tries to nod, but Castiel’s hand closes over his chin, holding him in place as he swipes at Dean’s cheek, his piercing blue eyes, intent and focused on his task.
Before Dean can respond, Charlie drags him out of his chair and back onto the dance floor as a new song comes on. “Oh my God, Dean! This is my
"Dean?" Castiel says, not quite in a whisper, but close enough to it that Dean looks up, meeting Castiel's too-blue eyes in the fading evening light. "Would you like to join me?"
“What?” He’d been looking through the pantry, not really paying attention to the discussion going on behind him. Budgetary things aren’t really in his wheelhouse, but he can sure as shit say this food needs an upgrade.
After a soaking few minutes of shivering in the dirt, Dean thinks he might just be able to drag his sorry ass back to the palace. So, he picks himself up, breath catching when he moves too fast, and limps his way up the hill.
“Hello, Dean,” the stardust says, echoing through every star. The deep timbre reverberates like a drumbeat, hitting every nerve in Dean’s fragile heart. “It’s good to see you again.”
It’s how they did things, and despite his dad’s annoyance, Mary Winchester put her foot down on this one thing. Dean used to think she was the best, for letting him feel like that, but now? Now, he’s not so sure. Now, he thinks maybe
"Good God, this is a drag." Lucifer saunters into the room, cutting across people's paths and picking things up from stylist's bags before tossing them back without a care. He has an air of presumption about him like, because his aunt married into royalty, he automatically gets a free pass at anything. "How 'bout you, sweetheart? Are you as boring as the rest?"
Dean’s head snaps up, eyes wide, a snarky remark on the tip of his tongue, and more than a little annoyed by the interruption. He stops, though, when his glare meets blue eyes behind dark-framed glasses. Dean doesn’t speak, just waits with raised eyebrows and a gaping mouth. Novak knows his first name.
Castiel barely has time to kick the leather across the room before Dean is shoving him back on the bed. He lands with a soft bounce, and then Dean is on him, climbing up his body like a fucking spider monkey until their lips meet.
“What can I do for you?” With a hand rubbing the back of his neck, Dean shifts from foot to foot. He hasn’t changed out of his own suit yet, thank God, but he’s got dirty laundry all over the floor from his rush this morning when he failed to wake up the first four times his alarm went off.
“A few.” A lot, actually, but he’s not about to tell her how hard he had to beg for a cake. “Benny’s getting a room, and I’ve got a cake. Hannah says she’ll take care of decorations, and lunch is already a given.” He shrugs, lunging and swatting for the ball, but still missing it by several feet. “Damn,” he murmurs, as he smacks it under the net to Charlie’s side. “Benny’s going to get him there, too.”
He makes his way to the table with Dean's eyes following him the entire time, along with another set of guards, as he makes his rounds, greeting everyone in attendance before finally finding his seat right next to Dean.
"Come on, Suse, yesterday was your day off—I didn't want to bother you." He swings the door open as he speaks, coming face to face with Susie's patented scowl, her eyebrows knitting together as she glares up at him. "I wouldn't even know where to find you."
As soon as the door closes and the lock keeping him in clicks into place, Dean strips out of his two-day-old suit and pulls on the silky night pants he has yet to grow accustomed to and drags the duvet off his bed.
"Like, on this bench?" Dean regrets the question as soon as it comes out, and judging by the icy glare she shoots him, he should. He flushes, heat crawling up from the collar of his shirt and into his cheeks as he looks out at the empty fields. God, he’s so stupid sometimes.
,” Charlie snaps but keeps up the chatter to distract Dean from the pair of empty seats at lunch. There aren’t nearly as many cameras here, most of them on location recording every painful second of Castiel’s date with April. “Anyway, I was talking to Dorothy, and she said—”
shrug. Benny rolls his eyes. "Besides, Cas is a teddy-bear; he wouldn't do anything more than scold you."
"They won't." Castiel works his way back to Dean's mouth, his hands under Dean's sweater now, touching bare, burning skin, like he's the most precious thing in the world. "Now, stop talking," he says, laying his lips on Dean's in a scorching, open-mouth kiss. All tongue and teeth and desire.
He dodges the prying stares of the staff, ducking through them as he keeps his head bowed and robe held closed, and it isn't until he's almost to his door that he sees her. Susie stands right outside, arms crossed over her chest, a rather blank expression on her face, and Dean's just about had enough of this.
“I thought he wasn’t getting to tell his side?” Susie says, planting her hands on her hips, but Benny doesn’t back down.
The man smiles when Castiel steps up to the counter, his bottle-cap glasses sliding down his long nose, but it doesn’t look like he can see much of anything anyway.
With his plate loaded down with waffles, sausage links, bacon, scrambled eggs, and toast, Dean leaves the dining hall to wander the palace. He knows the others aren’t likely to make an appearance, too worried
It really is nothing, actually. He’s just thinking about how tightly wound he’s been for, well, the last three weeks. Dean’s been so worried about everyone else’s issues—how their actions disgust or appall him—and he thinks it’s time to let that go. Stop taking everything so damn personally, anyway, and he thinks the best place to start is with Charlie.
But he snaps back to the present the moment the trumpets sound, announcing Castiel's arrival, and he just looks so handsome in his subtle navy suit and sapphire tie. Dean's heart rate slows to a steady thud, and a warm rush of calm washes over him when Castiel's gaze finds him.
there are others here for the wrong reasons—more than not, actually—and it has a lump forcing its way into Dean’s throat, tears welling in his eyes.
After forty-five minutes, he gives up, deciding he's a lost cause and the only option he has left is to call for Castiel.
Dean flips the page in his textbook, nearly done with his readings for the week, and so absorbed in the content, he doesn’t hear the deep, rumbling voice in front of him.
It's well past midnight, he knows, but his stomach growls like he hasn't eaten in years. Sure, he should've woken Benny from his mid-watch slumber, but what's the big deal? He knows where the kitchen is, and he knows Frank won't mind if he grabs an apple, or maybe a slice of pie or something, so what's the harm?
Victor looks over his shoulder at Dean, eyebrow raised in surprise as he straps on his armor. “After your training is complete, you can be shipped off in a few weeks—three, I think is the minimum.”
“The bench is small,” he murmurs, the muscle under Dean’s palm clenching rhythmically as Castiel fidgets, but Dean’s tired of this crap. He wants answers, and he wants them now.
Then, while looking Dean straight in the eyes, and in the softest, most serious tone he has, he whispers, "Dean, will you accept this rose?"
“So, are we okay?” Hannah’s eyes go round and pitiful, like a small child who just got caught doing something wrong.
He screws his face up, eyebrows furrowing as he narrows his eyes. "Are you… are you joking?" he asks, and it's a serious question because she
Stepping through the doors is like a breath of fresh air, and the quiet seeps into his bones, releasing some of the pent up tension rattling around inside him.
A soft chuckle falls from his lips as a hot rush of embarrassment floods him. He pushes away from Cookie and pats her neck.
“Sure you were,” Charlie says, but Dorothy gives him a sympathetic nod and an easy smile. “Oh!” Charlie shouts, practically jumping in her seat and scaring the crap out of Dean. “Almost forgot.” She digs through her tiny handbag—made from used beer bottle caps and broken mirrors—and pulls out a black pencil-looking… thing.
That’s it. That’s all he says, but the implications of the simple statement means so much more than Castiel can ever know. Dean’s family—his
“That woman recognized me from the show. She was drunk, and kind of, I don’t know, threw herself at me.” Dean shrugs, “The sling kept me from holding her off.”
“Why is this so important to you?” Castiel asks, his voice calm, if a little defeated. He’s watching Dean with those fathomless eyes, their blue depths staring into the darkest, most secret parts of him even now, and Dean can’t help but feel entirely exposed.
“Your highness,” the head-guard says, stumbling off his step as surprise and relief wash over his face, followed quickly by unease as Castiel storms down the steps in nothing but his sleep pants and satin robe, flapping where it hangs open. His hair is a wild mess, and even from here, Dean can see the pillow-creases on his cheek, and it’s fucking adorable, even with the ball-shrivelling glare he’s got going on. “You’re okay!”
Nerves flutter in Dean's stomach. What’s this about? Did he do something wrong? He wracks his brain for anything, and so many things come to mind.
from the universe. Sure, he's the people's favourite, but he wants to be Castiel's favourite more, and he'd gladly trade first place with the people to be his prince's number one. "I'm no one's favourite; they just feel bad for me. Kind of like the underdog, I guess."
Dean watches Balthazar for a moment, just waiting for him to snatch the bottle from the waiter's hand, but he doesn’t, and Dean can honestly say he’s a little disappointed. Dean sits in silence as they wait for Castiel to arrive, and he can’t help the excitement that floods him at the thought of finally getting to speak with Prince Novak about his amazing work with underprivileged children, or the charities he runs to preserve the environment. The man does so many amazing things, and Dean wants to discuss them all.
“Uh, uh… uh—um,” Sam says, looking every which way before sticking out his hand to shake. Mary sucks in a breath, John throws both hands in the air, and Dean slaps Sam’s hand down. Castiel just stands there, staring at the youngest Winchester with something in his gaze that looks almost… fond.
“Come, come!” she shouts when Dean doesn’t follow right away, and he jumps, before hurrying to follow after her, and finds her in a closet the size of his entire house. She stares daggers through him when he steps inside. “On the pedestal, come on!”
Dean moans, helpless to do anything but, every inch of him burning up as pleasure swells inside him. Castiel gives his hair a tug, pulling his head back and exposing his throat, before leaning in, pressing his chest to Dean’s overheated back, his teeth grazing over Dean’s pulse-point with just enough pressure to make him shiver.
It's colder back here, the ground, damper, and shadows, stronger. Dean wraps his arms around himself as the breeze cuts through his suit jacket and sends a shiver down his spine.
a soft, encouraging voice whispers in his ear. He’s not sure if it’s supposed to be the angel on his shoulder or the devil, but either way, Charlie’s handing him a drink, and he’s not refusing and, fuck it—it goes down so smooth.
Dean pushes himself up from the bed, stiff as a board as his head spins, the room swimming around him. He takes a moment to steady himself before following Susie’s retreating steps back to his pedestal. Every breath feels too tight, and his ribs pinch if he moves a certain way—it’s so far from comfortable he could cry from the misery of it all, but he won’t. He’ll suck it up and deal with it.
He’s just about to sit down when he looks up through the window at his garden and stops. It’s such a nice day, and he knows he’ll miss the tiny oasis when he’s gone, so he picks up the tray with shaky hands and pushes through the glass door.
There’s not a scrap of light to show that anyone is home, but that’s normal. He’d be more worried if there was, honestly;
Castiel smiles but turns away, worry, and the tiniest bit of annoyance, still plaguing the lines of his face as he leads Dean down the steps, and he's not sure if it's directed at him or not, but their hands remain a tether between them.
Mick claps his hands, his black, knit turtleneck tucked into his dark wash jeans, and his headset jammed into his ear, making him look like even more of a knob than Dean knows he is.
Dean does as he’s told, sucking with as much enthusiasm as he did with Castiel’s dick, twirling his tongue around them, and taking them as deep as he can. Castiel watches, eyes locked on his own fingers moving in and out of Dean’s mouth, his hands idly stroking his cock.
“It’s their privilege, Dean,” Hannah whispers in his ear, her tone pleading with him to understand, but he doesn’t look up from his plate. “It doesn’t allow them to hear their own rudeness.”
Then he’s alone in the vastness of the orchard. It’s quiet, though—peaceful in a way that most things connected to the royal family aren’t—and he loses track of time with every row he walks, and every apple he picks. He hardly notices when the sun starts to dip in the sky, painting it in striking reds and golds. Minutes pass—hours, maybe—but his bucket fills slowly as the crickets titter in the grass and the songbirds tuck in for the night. Still, Dean wanders on.
God, he wants to—and Castiel would probably let him, what with the way his prince is looking at him like he's the only one in the room—but Dean can still see his guards in the periphery and he knows the other suitors are just behind him.
All the while, Dean watches him, studying the way Castiel’s brows pull together in concentration, and how the tip of his tongue sticks out between his lips or the
Here's 27! I don't really have much to say other than life's been hectic and will only get more so. I've dropped out of the DCBB so hopefully, I won't be as stressed and more willing to write.
Dean’s stomach flips, his hands get all clammy, and his breath catches when he realizes Castiel was in here—showered and was
“It is!” Castiel squawks, making a vague gesture to the space around them, but Dean just rolls his eyes.
“This,” Dean says, putting emphasis on the word as he points to the floor. “This right here. I don’t like this.” These pop-up interviews are the worst of it all, and the fact that he doesn’t consent to it makes it ten times worse, but before the cameraman can speak, a voice cuts over him.
He plops down in a chair, his hair tousled and still a little damp from his shower—there was no way he was showing up to dinner still smelling like fucking
Instead of getting all embarrassed and blushing like he normally would, a cocky, confident smile forces its way onto Dean's face and he holds the book up between his fingers as he steps away. "I guess you'll just have to wait and see."
When they step into the room, no one's there yet—none of the suitors, anyway. The camera crew bustles around, setting up for the viewing and tossing cushions on the floor for everyone to sit on while setting up Castiel's chair off to the side.
"We should plan a birthday party for Cas," he blurts, sitting on the edge of his seat as Hannah frowns and Charlie scowls. "A surprise party. You know, since he's never had one."
“Damn, Winchester, try not to dazzle them so much, huh?” Charlie says, nudging Dean’s shoulder with her elbow as she laughs.
It comes to him like the softest whisper in his ear, because Cookie is trained to know a palace guard, so what had her so spooked? And
“Number two goes to…” There’s a literal drumroll from somewhere behind the camera and Dean’s heart stops. Everything else quiets to a hush as Duma opens the white envelope with a soft rustle. “April Kelly!”
"Well, I should get back," Sarah says when the awkward silence gets to be too much, and she backs away, still smiling with her eyes. "I'm sure you'd look just as good in a paper bag, but I won't keep your stylist from her job."
Dean lets the silence that follows hang between them. It’s a comfortable quiet, one filled with ease and familiarity—the kind that doesn’t need to be filled.
“Ain’t no thing,” he assures her and catches her hand as he walks backward, tugging her into the stables after him. “C’mon. We’ve got horses to ride.”
They stand there for a moment, sucking in the night air as they stare and stare and stare. Dean’s heart riots behind his ribcage, thundering away like it’s trying to escape through flesh and bone.
They sit there in silence for a moment before the director claps his hands, and for once, Dean is thankful for him. “Alright, folks! Let’s get a move on! This stuff needs to be finished and edited by the morning and you all need your beauty sleep.” He winks with a staged smile as they all stand, following the guards to the other room. Dean walks behind Balthazar, watching him stumble and sway, and a few times, he reaches out a hand to steady him so he doesn’t fall into one of the priceless statues littering the room, but they make it to the sitting room in one piece—no vomit or shattered ancient artifacts to speak of.
Dean flushes at the thought. He'd love to, of course, but the idea of a photo with Castiel feels so intimate. Just the suggestion has his blood singing, wanting to be near him—close enough to touch. He wants to smile at him, and look at him, and be captured in a million moments with his prince.
“Dean,” Castiel says, a teasing lilt to his tone as he leans in just a little—enough to catch his eyes.
They stop in front of a stone wall with an ordinary wooden door stuck right in the middle. It’s so ordinary in the extravagant palace that it sticks out like a sore thumb.
All the voices merge together until Dean is being led by two guards, with hands on his shoulders, down the hallway, and Castiel—though, no hands are placed on him—is led in the opposite direction.
“The prince sent this for you. It’s tea—to soothe your ailment. Herbal, I believe.” Dean blinks a few times as warmth suffuses him, spreading through his veins and up into his cheeks as he stands.
Dean's gaze snaps to Castiel, who has a smirk on his face and a faraway look in his eyes. "There's a story there, isn't there?" he asks, feeling it in his bones and itching to hear it.
With a skip in his step, Dean hurries through the halls with renewed excitement. It's been a while since he's taken a walk in the rain, and even longer with a good pair of rubbers, so he's sure he'll love it just as much, if not
Dean watches as closely as everyone else when Castiel answers, their curiosity getting the best of them as they lean forward, but his response is too low for them to hear.
“How’s Hannah making out?” Dean asks Charlie, instead, deciding a distraction is best for everyone involved.
The seat swings under them, rocking back and forth in a way that makes Dean queasy, but he swallows it back, looking at Castiel beside him, as cool as a cucumber.
Dean winces when Castiel catches the cuts on his face, but doesn't stop him, redirecting him to the spot just below his ear instead—that spot that sends fire through his veins and pure, unfiltered
“Of course.” Castiel cocks his head to one side with an incredulous look. “This was an errand I thought you would enjoy accompanying me on. I have so much more planned for us.”
They’re destined to be parted; this night has an inevitable end. There’s a tragedy in here somewhere, Dean knows, he just hasn’t found it yet.
he thinks so. “Sure, it could use a few tweaks, but I fully expect you to go through with this, Dean. You could help so many people.”
Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if Castiel would look at him—if he shared in the embarrassment and let Dean know he’s not alone in this—but he stares straight ahead, refusing to meet Dean's eyes as they bore into his prince’s stubbled cheek.
jacket from the bag. It’s actually pretty nice, but he’ll be damned if he admits it to her. “Cas sent me some tea and it worked like a charm.” He doesn’t mention the snacks, but Charlie’s ears perk up anyway.
The cool night air nips at his exposed skin, sending aches and pains to his bad knee and still-healing shoulder, but he presses on and by the time he starts thinking he might just get away with this, he’s home.
"Castiel has had lots of—" Hannah cuts herself off, her frown deepening as she thinks it through. "No, I suppose you're right…"
Dean rolls his eyes as she storms off to pout in the corner, sure that it’ll put an end to the fun, or that Castiel will feel obligated to go comfort her. But he doesn’t say a word, and hardly even notices when she waltzes right past him, too focussed on his cards.
“O-oh,” Frank says, a tiny stutter in his voice. Obviously, the man hadn’t really been listening until now. “Oh, for the prince? I—yes, of course. Anything else, sir?”
A smile creeps across Castiel’s lips when Dean stops in front of him, wearing a matching grin as he waits for Castiel to speak.
And goddamnit, he's going to learn how to use the fucking power-pointer if it's the last thing he does.
Dean rolls to his side, tucking into his pillow one last time, determined to fall asleep. He’ll be cranky and miserable in the morning if he doesn’t, and no one needs to be subjected to that. Besides, no man is worth losing rest over—not even the Crown Prince.
“You do it,” Castiel huffs, thrusting the bladed foot in his direction and only narrowly missing his groin. Dean shoots him a look, but the sulky angel doesn’t seem to notice as he crosses his arms over his puffer jacket and stares with resolute attention at the snack bar across the way.
When his neck starts to ache, he lowers his gaze to the palace, his eyes skimming over the balconies high above, ivy and vines crawling over them and winding between the stone, and wondering what Castiel is doing right now. Is he asleep after such an exhausting day? Is he getting work done that he doesn’t have time to do with them there? Is he—
“Hey,” Castiel whispers, his fingers brushing the deep bronze cufflink at Dean’s pulse point. “They love you, Dean. They
But Castiel's smile drops, his eyes doing the same as they fall to somewhere below Dean’s, and he shrinks into himself a bit. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to—"
“Okay,” Dean breathes, following each of the steps Castiel showed him. It’s clunky and uncoordinated, but he gets up without incident. “There!” He beams, looking down at Castiel as Charlie and Hannah clap and cheer.
“Oh!” Kelly brightens, bouncing on the balls of her feet as she flips her hair back again. “We’re not too far, actually.” She spins on her heel, leading them into a hallway and down a winding staircase. “I got lost last week and ended up in there. What're you going for?”
He sees it in Castiel’s eyes, too. He’d give up his whole life and title for something even remotely close to love. Not that Dean had to guess at that—Castiel’s practically told him as much.
Castiel needs to know before this gets any further. His prince should have all the information if he’s going to choose who to be with, and Dean’s the only one willing to give it.
No one comes to check on Dean right up until the evening, and Dean tries not to be upset about that. It's not like he really expected all of his friends to crowd into his room and make sure he’s okay, but he at least expected Charlie to make an appearance.
far drunker that night in the tunnels. Has she really not seen that before? Not in all their years as friends?
They’ve hit another warm spell, the fall air twisting around them in little tornados of earth and decay. He doesn’t dare sit in the dirt; the comfort of lounging in the grass just not worth Susie’s wrath. He can’t even blame her; grass stains are a bitch.
“Yes, for example,” Castiel turns back to his bag, digging through it for something in particular before holding up two little squares. “Highlight and
Castiel shakes his head, looking to Dean with wide, open blue eyes, so vulnerable, it punches him in the gut, because he
." Dean scowls, but before he can respond, Castiel takes a step forward, poking a finger into Dean's chest as his expression turns fierce. "I care for you, as I do for all my suitors, but Dean, if something were to happen... What then?" Dean's heart stutters in his chest at the fire he sees in his prince's eyes. "But what about
The crew chuckles and Dean’s embarrassment cranks up a notch, his heart pounding as he settles back on the stool for the next question.
“Yes, okay? I fell.” Dean rubs his hand over his forehead, feeling the cut on his cheekbone twinge, but he ignores it. “I went for a run, and I wasn’t paying attention, and I tripped. Rolled down a hill and dislocated my shoulder on a boulder.”
“So are medical bills,” Dean cuts in, closing the pantry door with a click. “Which, on average, double, due to poor nutrition. Trust me, eating healthy saves money in the long-run.”
"Tunnel of Love?" Castiel raises an eyebrow, a smirk pulling up one corner of his lips. "Alright," he says, after a moment's contemplation. "If you can convince my Guard to allow it, we will go."
That gets a laugh from Dean, but then he catches sight of Castiel smiling over at April, who’s practically sharing the chair with him, and his smile drops.
Dean pushes into the hallway as quietly as possible, but how does one go unnoticed when almost everyone in the room was already looking?
“Yes,” Dean answers, a grin lighting up his face as sweet, syrupy warmth settles in his bones. “Yes, both. Thank you, your highness.”
“Really?” Dean says, shooting him a look that lets him know he doesn’t believe a word of it. “You’re sure, because I can say with, like, eighty-seven percent certainty we will
Any hopes he’d had at keeping in touch with anyone afterward are dashed in an instant. Even if he wasn’t getting kicked out—probably very publicly and in handcuffs—he’s sure none of them would give him a call. They haven’t even tried to
He runs the flat of his tongue up the curve of Dean’s cock, from root to tip, tasting the salty musk of pre-come on rough lace. Dean moans long and low, head tipped forward, his deep green eyes watching and watching and watching like he can’t get enough. Good.
"There have been threats," he whispers, his fingers tightening where they hold Dean, and with those four, soft-spoken words, Dean's eyes lock on Castiel's. "A letter. It came Wednesday, just after the fan-favorites were announced."
"Done," Susie says, her voice cutting through Dean's thoughts as he jerks to attention. "Off with the jacket, boy."
“No,” Castiel murmurs, just over Dean’s left shoulder as he reaches around to adjust the silverware. “Like this.”
Besides, it makes him feel better having his hand in Castiel’s; a little bit more like they’re a team in all this. In their matching, charcoal suits and bronze ties, they make quite the pair, and it boosts something inside Dean. Sure, Castiel’s a bit more done-up with his crown placed elegantly atop his head, but there’s nothing about his prince that makes Dean feel less-than.
Susie blinks back her surprise, pausing as she holds up a pin, ready to tuck it into his shirt. "Pardon me?" She arches an eyebrow like he's done something wrong, and it's that last little look that has his temper boiling over.
“Okay!” Anael says, breaking the tension as she drops a stack of papers on the desk. “I need signatures from both of you—lots of signatures, so I hope you’ve got plenty of ink in those pens.”
"Right, okay!" Mick's accent carries through the room, over-loud and brisk. "You have an assignment. Or rather, a
"Please," Castiel breathes, reaching out a hand as if to touch him, before letting it fall away again. "I know I did wrong by you, and I'm not making excuses, but maybe it will bring you peace to understand why certain choices were made."
Every word stokes his anger hotter until he's shaking with it, his teeth clenched and stomach rolling. But it doesn't seem that Kelly's done pissing him off. "Okay, what about the club? Or the whole
He waited in the car. Waited by the snack bar. Waited by the skate rental. Waited by the edge of the rink. He’s giving up and going skating with or without Cas.
thinking it," a quiet, hoarse voice croaks from the bed and Susie's entire face softens like Dean's never seen before. She turns away from him, looking down at her husband with so much love shining in her eyes. It chokes Dean up a little, a lump pushing its way into his windpipe, but he clears his throat and gets a handle on his emotions.
“I, uh…” Dean pauses, because his other gift isn’t just a pair of sneakers, and he’s not sure how Cas will take it. “I got you something else.”
Meg leans across the table, catching Dean’s eyes with a dark look. “I know what you’re doing, Winchester.”
Dean's head bobs when Castiel shrugs, but he doesn't move it, snuggling closer instead. "He might be."
"Look at me, then," Castiel says, and fingers touch Dean's chin, turning his face to where he knows Castiel is sitting beside him. "Look at me."
Dean tries not to let the huffing laugh fall from his lips, but it does anyway. How the hell would she know what this is like?
“Yesterday morning,” he says, getting right down to business. “While I was drinking my morning tea, I had Duma bring me the news.” He waves his hands around as he speaks. “You know, the standard stuff. What is going on in my kingdom—what is entertaining my people. All the latest gossip.” With that, he cuts a sharp look at Castiel, who swallows hard.
"Sorry," he mumbles, and he means it. The exhaustion in his voice—in the way he's barely holding himself up—must be clearer to see than he thinks, because her annoyance fades in an instant, replaced with concern.
“Anyway, so we did that, and then, because we weren’t here for breakfast,” April says, her voice getting louder and louder to make sure everyone hears. “He took me to the restaurant on the top floor, and we had
In a way, he wants it to be over—to know how it all turns out—but the chance that Castiel might not choose him makes him want live in this moment forever and never leave the safety of his rainbow room.
“Yeah, yeah.” When Susie’s finished dressing him, she makes him sit back at the vanity. “I need to do your makeup; make you look camera pretty.”
Dean glances over at Castiel, leaning on the arm of his chair with his entire drunken focus on Dean’s crotch.
“Yeah,” Dean says, pulling his hand back as he straightens his jacket and waits for Castiel to give the signal.
“Fine,” Dean huffs, rolling his eyes to the slate-grey sky. Clouds move in faster than he thought they would, but rain is still a ways off. “I think I’m just going to take a walk in the woods for a while—I’ll find you before dinner, okay?”
Castiel watches him with bated breath, eyes wide and searching Dean's as he waits. "What is it? Anything you want, and it's yours." Dean blinks, taken aback by the proclamation. "Do you want me to beg? To get down on my knees and beg for your forgiveness? I will do it, Dean. I will." He says it like a threat, and Dean can't help but take him up on it.
here. People are listening to him. “From simple, everyday things, too, like childbirth. Thousands and thousands of dollars owed because they had a baby.”
“Please, Dean? Just… please? Let’s talk.” Dean stares for a moment. What’s he supposed to do when she looks at him like
“Pardon?” Castiel looks up at Charlie, but not before Dean finds his prince’s eyes wandering over his bare chest.
“Get lost you little shits,” Dean shouts, getting in between them and Cas when Castiel stops moving. He stands on bending ankles, hat pulled not quite over his eyes, looking off into the distance like he’s trying to decide if he could smite them or not.
“Wake up call is at seven each morning,” the receptionist is saying, “and breakfast begins at seven-thirty. We have twenty-eight kids here, and four washrooms, giving them ample time to—”
Stepping into his walk-in, Dean doesn’t even register the moment the lights blink on with the motion sensor, so used to the phenomenon now that it doesn’t phase him anymore.
"The final rose," Duma says as she steps forward, then steps back, and Dean's heart leaps into his throat as Castiel picks it up, twirling it between his fingers.
"You're right, of course; I love making you blush." Castiel touches a finger to Dean's cheek—just a brush—quick enough that it must not have happened at all.
The room falls into silence as Duma steps in front of the camera, speaking in a crisp, professional tone. “Tonight is the first of our selection ceremonies, where ten suitors will receive a rose, and one will not. The sapphire rose represents both the color and flower of Amarellino, and the prince’s dedication to getting to know you better. At the end of tonight, one of you will be going home, and on behalf of the royal family, we would like to thank you for being here.”
Castiel quirks an eyebrow, one side of his mouth lifting in a smirk, and his gaze trails over Dean’s denim-clad ass—discreetly, of course. “Your…
Dean arches an eyebrow at the lack of boxers, but what can Castiel say? He’s already showered, and it’s his birthday, dammit. Castiel rolls his eyes, sinking a hand into Dean’s hair and tugging his face closer to his waiting dick, standing at half-mast, waiting for the attention Dean is so generously offering.
"Uh, yeah, it slipped out once—early on in the first week or so, I think—and he told me he..." Dean pauses, catching himself before saying what's on the tip of his tongue. That Castiel
"So, you think less of me, then?" It's no more than a whisper—just a breath from her lips—but Dean hears the accusation loud and clear, and he can't even deny it.
Dean pauses, covering his mouth as he chews and swallows, before taking a sip of water. “Um, my mom and dad, I think. Probably Sammy, too. Sammy’s my little brother.” Dean’s grin widens as love softens his heart. “Well, I say little, but he’s definitely catching up,” Dean says, holding a hand up by his ear, indicating how tall Sam is.
“Yeah, no, Mom, I can’t.” Dean rubs a hand over his eyes, feeling the weight of everything he’s not allowed to say sitting on the tip of his tongue. He can’t tell her he kissed Castiel, and he can’t say that the man ran out on him, either—not with his fucking watchdog, anyway—and
A guard Dean doesn’t recognize stands on the other side, dressed in the crested uniform with an ear-piece and a go get ‘em attitude.
With a heavy sigh, he steps inside and offers the woman a small smile. She's a servant, judging by her plain, beige pants and matching button-up, neatly pressed, and perfectly fitted. It goes well with her sleek bun and subtle makeup.
Instead of dwelling on it, Dean scrubs the towel through his hair one more time in a vain attempt to get it as dry as possible, before giving up with a sigh and tossing the towel in the hamper alongside Castiel’s.
The halls aren't quite empty yet, but Dean knows they will be soon enough, so he holds out in his room for a few minutes before sneaking into the hall. It's not that he's all that worried about having the crown, but he's not too keen on starting up rumours, either.
They both jump when the bedroom door bursts in, Dean's heart leaping into his throat as Castiel clings to him. Who—what—wh…
“You’re forgetting who makes the rules here, Dean!” The shout bursts from Castiel, startling everyone in the room. They jump, snapping to attention in an instant. “And it’s not you! Now, if you can’t accept that, then you can just—”
“Pretty sure that’s a two-player game,” Dean calls, grinning at his fiery friend when she glances up with a smile.
Dean swallows back his disappointment—tries to, anyway—but the sick twist in his gut won’t stop, mingling with the ache behind his eyes and the infuriating itch in his throat. “Cool, I’ll just, you know, wait here. Maybe have a nap to pass the time until someone fetches me for dinner.” He shrugs, trying for a charming smile, but the snot not-quite dripping from his nose takes any charm right out of the attempt. “Try to miss me,” he says, shooting Castiel a wink, and it does the trick. His prince lets out a soft laugh, lips turning up at the edges in a genuine smile.
He ignores the other suitors, who are still being primped and preened before the ball. He knows the reason he didn’t get dinner is that the others are running behind, so now he has to stand here, waiting, while everyone else rushes around.
"You're still here," he whispers to himself when his surroundings fail to do their job. "You're still in this, Dean. They didn't send you home." He takes a bite off the end of a sausage link and chews as his eyes roam the rosebushes before landing on the waterfall fountain, flowing into the tiny pond on the other side of the garden. "That's good, right?"
"If you will excuse us, Hannah," Castiel says, interrupting the roiling anger burning in her cheeks and puffing up her chest—about to explode. "I will take Dean back to his room; he needs to eat dinner and get ready for tonight, as do you."
The sitting room itself is round, with high ceilings and a fireplace on the far side and, though it remains unlit, that’s where the cake sits, making it the focal point of the party. Dean has the food spread out on a table, draped with a deep blue cloth. All the gifts of various shapes, sizes, and price-tags are behind the sofa by the wall near the door.
For a second, Castiel looks so shocked by Dean's flirty tone that he doesn't respond, but in an instant, he's taking a step closer, his eyes warming as his smile turns to something like a teasing grin. "Not even a hint? For me?"
"It's all fucked up, Mom. I don't know what to do." Dean looks up at the guard standing inside his door, her only purpose is to make sure Dean doesn't spill the beans, and she watches him carefully.
"Fine," Dean snaps, giving himself over to contemplation. He won't admit that the distraction helps—won't tell him that he's too clever for his own good. "I pass out," he starts, feeling a shiver run down his spine. "Slide from my seat to the ground. Hit every chair on the way down. I die, but it's slow and painful and humiliating. I probably piss myself in the process."
the question is clear in his eyes—the uncertainty written all over his face. “Even if you offer, am I allowed to… to
“Do you think you’re cute?” The words in Castiel’s mouth sound off—stilted and unfamiliar—but so fucking perfect Dean can’t help but preen under the attention. He missed this more than he can describe—the back-and-forth between them that makes all this bullshit worth it.
"Suse," he says, catching her attention and steeling himself. "We're not doing this again. No more leg waxing." He tries to be gentle, but firm—leaving no room for argument. Of course, that doesn't stop her, but Dean didn't really think it would.
The night air is crisp and cool, almost bitter without the protection of the high fence enclosing the private oasis, but it clears Dean’s mind and snaps him out of his dazed thoughts of Castiel so close to his bed.
When Dean feels secure in his seat and far enough from that feeling of eyes all over him, he chances a glance over his shoulder, and in the middle of the tall, swaying grass, against the slate grey sky, stands a dark figure.
Dean’s thoughts are interrupted when he catches a lone figure watching him from one of the balconies not too far up. The person is silhouetted by the light shining through the windows, so Dean can’t tell who it is from his position, but he knows they’re watching him and, for some reason or another, he’s comforted by their presence.
“How did you find this place?” Dean asks, stepping up to one of the shelves, letting his fingers skim the pristine spines of the closest books.
"I don't know," she says, something shining in her eyes that Dean's not quite sure what to do with. "I think you make them work."
“Fine, fine. Stay standing.” She waves him off but lowers herself to the edge of the unmade bed. “Nothing, boy. There’s nothing to let you off.”
“What the hell, man?” Dean narrows his eyes on the guard, brushing off his robe and straightening up, but the guard just shoves a finger in his face as he snarls.
needs to get a grip. “So, the crown,” she says, getting back on track as they continue down the hall. “Where is it?”
He looks away, swallowing back the bile that rises in his throat. Of course he wants to speak with him, but are stolen snippets of conversation really worth the risk of Lucifer’s anger? Is it worth the possible harm to his family if the royal cousin thinks he’s spilling the beans?
Dean, and now he’s across the kitchen, smiling with Sarah and as he helps her roll out the top of her pie shell so it fits over the excess of apples.
Now, though, he wanders through the halls, up the stairs and back to his room with Benny close behind. Castiel had food brought to them in the early hours of the morning—around three o'clock if he remembers right—but he could hardly touch it.
Castiel shoots out of his chair, face burning red with anger. “That’s not what happened!” he shouts, like he isn’t speaking with the king of the nation.
Pain swells up like a rising tide, coming in fits and bursts with every blow, but growing steadily in the background. It compounds, building and building and building until blood seeps from deep cuts, warming his icy skin.
Castiel doesn’t waste any time getting two fingers inside him, pumping and stretching, scissoring his fingers and grazing his prostate with every other thrust.
“Hey!” Dean drops his chin, searching the strobe-shattered darkness for the shout, only to find several eyes trained on him. “Hey, you’re Dean Winchester!”
He thinks he hears his name in the distance, but the downpour drowns out anything he could mistake for a voice, so he doesn't bother turning. If Benny wants to get his attention, he can speak a little louder.
"What's the rush, honey?" A simpering smile plays on her lips, and she tucks herself in closer. "Got someone waiting for you?"
"Dean," the voice pants, and with a start, Dean realizes it's Castiel. That's got him turning, and he's met with an absolutely drenched, out of breath, and flush-cheeked prince. "Just... one second, please." He bends double, resting his hands on his knees as water drips from the tips of his sopping hair and slides down the curve of his nose. Dean stares, baffled and entranced by the way his long, dark eyelashes come together at the ends in little points, and how damn good he looks soaking wet.
Dean steps away from his place-setting, glancing around at the distracted guards—as bored as he is, by the looks of it—and the other suitors, who are either too absorbed in the lessons, or the prince, to pay him any attention.
“Oh, yes!” Meg says, eyeing Castiel as he stands in front of her, dressed to the nines like the prince he is. “Very handsome,” she murmurs, then reaches out a hand to stroke his arm.
Dean turns back to face the palace, catching sight of a turret rising high in the sky, and a sliver of longing draws him there. He wants to be near Castiel in the only way he can be while his prince is away.
The sweet smells of fall drift into his nose, but it does nothing to calm the rioting in his stomach, so he listens to the waterfall, trying to focus on anything besides the crushing weight of uncertainty that’s trying to crush him.
from all the unfairness in this supposed hall of justice. "What the fuck is an Offence to the Crown charge?" Dean snaps, hardly noticing his vulgar language, but Castiel doesn't even bat an eye.
He lifts the apple for Brigit to take, stroking between her eyes as she chews, before following Hannah out the door and into the biting chill of late afternoon.
So, he laughs, shaking his head and looking at his polished oxfords against the bleached hardwood, the tiny scuff on the toe identifying them as Castiel’s. “I’ve met two of my best friends in the palace—two suitors who are essentially my competition, but I love them, too. Sure, there’s some tension at times, but—”
“Dance with me!” Charlie says, handing him a test-tube of something purple that smells like fake-grape, and he downs it, never feeling so alive and free as the alcohol burns through him and lights him up. Charlie pulls him into the middle of the dance floor, guiding him as they jump and move and sway, grinding hips and pumping fists, and just feeling the press of other sweaty human bodies.
Castiel nods before looking back at Dean, the hard set of his jaw softening with a playful smile. “Maybe I should tell Susie, hm?” His grin widens as he arches an eyebrow. “Let her know you will need another suit?”
this shit, is he? Castiel won’t even look at him, so what’s to say Dean won’t be going home by the end of week seven?
“Hmm…” Anael hums, leaning closer with a finger on her chin as she squints. “I think we can work with this.” Then she’s nodding, and something like nervous excitement bubbles up in Dean’s stomach.
“Lisa, there you—dude, what the fuck are you doing?” Dean stumbles when a hand lands square in the centre of his chest, shoving him back a few steps into a crowd of other dancers.
“Fine,” Dean tells her, though he’s not. He feels like ass, and sounds like it too, but he’s not sick. He can’t be sick. Sick means staying in bed—sick means missing the screening and not reliving his date. “Allergies,” he says instead because it’s fall and that’s what everyone is saying these days.
His calves ache and lungs burn, but he keeps going. Up over the rolling hills, grass and mud coating his shoes until it’s all he can feel. Dean doesn’t bother looking over at the barracks as he passes, letting it slip past in his peripheral with only a small stab of annoyance.
“You’re welcome.” Charlie wraps an arm around his waist and they take a step forward as Dean tips his head back and squints at the cornflower blue sky. Just before they reach the door, Hannah pops out of nowhere, bouncing in her heeled boots.
Castiel moves his hands to Dean's hips, and suddenly, he's straddling Castiel's lap, sitting back on his muscular thighs as Castiel's hands roam over his ribs. Pleasure rockets through him, straight down his spine and into his stomach. A moan falls from his lips, and he tips his head back as Castiel's mouth travels along his jaw and down his throat, teeth scraping stubble.
A chuckle falls from Dean’s lips and he shakes his head, but he peels off his jacket, folding it with clumsy hands before setting it aside on the stone bench beside the burbling fountain on his way over. He does the same with his waistcoat, and rolls up the sleeves of his button-down until they’re hooked over his elbows.
"I don't blame Cas, obviously—I can't even begin to understand how hard this is for him—but she was blindsided, you know?"
When he blinks his eyes open, Castiel is rolling his own, but there’s the tiniest little grin on his lips, turning them up despite his best efforts to keep the scowl in place.
Dean doesn't laugh, but it loosens the fist in his gut just a little as the food fight continues. The cameras do an excellent job of capturing every reaction, especially Castiel's, who stops mid-bite, sitting stock-still, eyes wide, as bright red soup soaks into Meg's pristine white sundress.
When he’s back on his stool, bright red and mortified, they decide to take a five-minute break, and Dean rushes from the room. He needs a few minutes alone, so he heads for the restroom, closing the door behind him but not bothering to lock it as he stands in front of the mirror, gazing at his beet-red cheeks.
“I’m speaking with Dean,” Castiel says, and Gerald’s jaw snaps shut, his eyes wide as he looks between the two of them. “Dean?”
“You can’t go out alone, Dean!” Castiel shouts, ignoring Dean’s words as he straightens up too. There’s something off about the tension in Castiel’s shoulders—something Dean doesn’t quite understand.
believe they’d take something so ridiculous as his class status into consideration when conducting an investigation that could alter the rest of
And ain’t that the worst of it all. What does someone like Dean get for the man who has everything? There’s not a thing he can afford to buy, and the gift idea he has in mind isn’t working out for shit. He doesn’t know what he’ll do if he can’t get it right, but he’s still got some time to give it another go.
Castiel clutches his phone—the phone Dean bought him the day after Castiel called him from a payphone, shivering in the rain, too cold to understand—and takes a breath. “Hello, Dean,” he says, a smile touching his lips at the smoke-rough sound of his best friend’s voice. “I’ve been attempting the Google—”
Dean huffs again but decides he'd better get a shower while he can do it for himself, and pushes up from the bed, feeling shaky and a little nauseated. What the hell is wrong with him?
.” She huffs and puffs, waving for him to get up, and he does, hauling himself up off the floor and ignoring the way she glowers at the blanket-creases lining the side of his face.
Her eyes dance with glee even through the camera lens—the HD footage is second to none—and it lights a spark of happiness inside Dean to see his friend so happy, but it's snuffed out just as quickly when he glances up to catch her eye and finds her ignoring him with the steadfast determination she's known for.
Dean's hands shake, dread making him sick to his stomach because Castiel hasn't so much as glanced his way since he stepped in the room.
, too—but there isn’t a hope in hell he’ll learn all this shit in a few hours. Frustration boils inside him, mingling with his hurt and anger. He needs to get out of here, and he kind of needs to pee.
He opens his mouth to say as much when the nurse walks in with her suture kit, and decides he’d better not. “Don’t worry about it; I won’t ask again.”
And then they’re kissing. Hot and rough and dirty, all tongue and teeth and desperate ache for more. Castiel rolls his hips, grinding into the rough lace caught at Dean’s cock, and moans deep in his chest at the blinding pleasure burning through him. Fuck, this isn’t going to last long…
“Looks like you’ve got yourself a hat,” Charlie says as she sidles up next to him, a grin on her face and Dean’s hat on her head. “
—manages to beg, plead, and even intimidate the club into giving up the video footage from the night before.
"Those are mine!" he shouts, pointing to Dean's foot. So the alcohol is setting in, then, because holy shit, Castiel is adorable with his glassy eyes and crooked smile.
“It takes courage to lead. One must be honest, not only to their people but to themselves. They must look into the face of adversity and understand that it takes honour and perseverance to make a great leader.”
The chill in the air is harsher here, but not overbearing. Still, Dean pulls his hat lower over his ears as he spins in a circle, taking it all in before stopping to read the sign that stretches in an arch over the entrance. “Thanks for visiting the royal orchards, please come again,” he reads, under his breath so no one hears him as they step from the car.
He's not sure if it is—not if everyone keeps accusing him of things they don't know anything about—and he's sure it won't be long before his family hears something about doubts cast his way.
Dean does as he's told, dropping his drawers and stepping out of them without a single thought to the others.
"You are a wonderful man," Castiel says, awe in his voice. Dean shakes his head on a laugh. He's not; he's average among average and nothing more. "You will change the world one day, Dean Winchester—that, I am sure of."
“She let you one once, I’m sure she’ll let you on again.” He nods for Dean to get on, but Dean hovers around the horse’s side, unsure of what to do. He had help the first time, but he doesn’t dare ask for it from Castiel. Hannah would be fairly useless in boosting him up and Charlie will just make fun of him every day for the rest of the time they're both here.
Castiel just smiles, leading Dean through the front doors of the building, into a makeshift reception area where he speaks with the man at the front desk in low tones.
She rolls her eyes, and a warm feeling of companionship washes over Dean. Their flirting is light—teasing, even—and means nothing to either of them besides harmless banter. It’s what Dean needs, he thinks. Friendship in a way that makes him feel like he’s floating.
The stardust blurs, swirling with the winds as Castiel moves away, and all Dean wants to do is chase after him, keep him close, holding him here longer. He clutches the photo—the
Dean takes a moment, trying to decide if it's really what his prince wants. He looks him over from head to toe, finding that he's wearing the same outfit from Saturday night. Except for the crown, of course.
Seconds feel like minutes that feel like hours as Castiel sucks in a breath. There are only two ways this could go, really—Dean’s, or Kelly’s—and neither of them knows what the other did. He sure as shit doesn’t know, anyway—a vague idea, sure, but there’s a big gap between not telling Castiel and telling Lucifer.
A few more murmurs, and some shifting glances at the royals, who are at Dean’s back. He can feel the energy in the room, and it draws him to the front of the stage—to the people.
Dean doesn’t get a chance to talk to Castiel when he gets back from his date, and his prince doesn’t come to find him, either. He runs the article through his head over and over, the words burnt into his mind from hours of going over it again and again.
Charlie grins, forgetting her anger entirely, and Dean would be lying if he said she doesn’t scare him a little. “You’re on, pretty boy.”
I was bored. Here's another chapter. I kind of just want to get through the next chapter to write the Friday, Saturday, Sunday chapters because ANGST. It's what feeds my dark and shriveled heart.
Even Dean can read between those lines, and by the look on Castiel's face—like a small child caught with his hand in the cookie jar—he knows what's coming better than Dean.
“Thank you,” Dean whispers as something foreign and unnamed swells in his chest. It chokes him up and stings the back of his eyes as he nods, but he can’t bear to tear his eyes away from his prince.
Dean blinks a few times before looking down at her smiling face, and something about it calms him. He definitely doesn’t
Castiel takes a deep, calming breath, visibly pulling himself together in a way only a prince could. "I want to start by saying I never doubted you—not for a second."
Dean's eyes snap over to where Meg sits, glaring over her shoulder at Mick. "You edited that," she growls, her eyes spitting ire when Mick raises an eyebrow and shrugs.
"What are your plans for the rest of the day?" Castiel asks after a moment, ignoring the obnoxious laughter beside him.
"What?" He hears something clatter on the other end. "Dean? Dean, are you okay? Oh my God, baby, are you
It'd be impossible to decipher the teasing raise of his eyebrow, or the sweet flush in his cheeks just by looking at him, but the playful lilt in his tone gives him away and Dean delights in it.
"Sure, but sometimes you love me, too," Castiel says, then seems to register his words, and his smile falters. Eyes wide and blinking, he opens his mouth to say something. Something Dean knows he won't like. Something that will break his heart.
Dean sighs, shaking his head at the ridiculousness of it all, but the sun blazes down on him, making the thick wool suit cling to his skin as sweat drips down his spine.
“Here.” The car rolls to a stop, but Dean doesn’t have the energy to wake up just yet. Let him stay here awhile, and let Castiel stay with him. “Dean, my darling, wake up.”
Dean can’t help but glance across the table at breakfast Monday morning, and every time he does, Lily, Meg, April, and Michael give him the stink-eye like he’s never seen before. His stomach clenches and sinks at the same time as he looks back down at his plate; he knows they’re talking about him, and it has a trickle of unease sliding through him.
Dean's leather shoes click on the marble floors, echoing in his ears along with the rolling carts heading in every direction. Dean's always wondered where everyone else eats since he never sees the rest of Castiel's family. Or much of anyone for that matter.
“Well, you look nice,” she says instead of asking about it. She’s always been good at sensing his moods and when he doesn’t want to talk. “They’re treating you well? You’re eating well?”
He cringes the whole way through Lily's date with Castiel, though it really isn't anything special, and neither is Meg's, who had the Friday date. Castiel took Lily to the opera which, frankly, looks boring as hell, and he and Meg don't do more than go for a picnic by a lake. Dean stops paying attention when Meg won't shut her mouth long enough for Castiel to string two words together in reply.
He pulled on a black long-sleeve as well, deciding he might as well enjoy the opportunity to get himself ready for once, even if it'll be the last time Susie lets him do anything because of it.
“Then,” Dean says, shooting Castiel a wink and a smile that he swears makes his prince blush. “Then we’re getting funnel cake and deep fried chocolate bars.”
? He's too tired for this, and honestly? He really doesn't care about this stupid interview. "Don't know. I wasn't there."
“I think he’s fading,” Charlie says on their fourth round of Sorry. They all look to Castiel, who is, in fact, falling asleep as they speak.
“I have to tell you something—should’ve told you when it happened, but…” God, this is harder than he thought. He shoves his hands through his hair, dislodging it from the gel Susie spent so much time applying while she reamed him out. Then again, how many times in his life did he expect to tell the Crown Prince that he walked in on one of his suitors fucking his cousin?
"Inform my guard that I'm perfectly well before they tear the palace apart, and have them meet me in the entrance hall in..." He looks at his watch, then their surroundings. "Twenty minutes."
“Stay safe,” Castiel says, almost without thinking. Dean watches as Castiel’s eyes trail over his face, cataloguing every angle and curve. “Don’t leave the property without an escort.” Castiel catches Dean’s eyes, holding them for a moment as he rests his palm over Dean’s paint-splattered, blood-smeared cheek. “And don’t ever scare me like that again,” he whispers.
“What’re you doing here?” Dean asks, delight raising his tone a few octaves. “Aren’t you back early?” He glances over Castiel’s shoulder at the high arch of the doorway, finding Kelly being escorted away with a winning smile and a flush to her cheeks. It dampens Dean’s happiness just a little, reminding him of what he has to tell his prince.
"The accused pleads guilty to all charges. How does his majesty wish to proceed?" It feels like every set of eyes in the auditorium turns on the king and queen where they sit on their thrones, dripping in enough money to feed and house Mr. Chambers for the rest of his life. Every set of eyes but Dean's, who can't seem to tear his gaze from the line of accused.
Then, Dean lets out a whoop and jumps up and down on the balls of his feet, both arms raised as he turns to face the clapping crowd. Castiel is smiling for real this time and Dean’s stomach dips and flutters as pure happiness suffuses him.
"She saved my life that day," he whispers, feeling Castiel's attention like a physical presence as a lump forms in his throat. "And I've been trying to repay her every day since."
"You got that right." He shoots her a wink and ruffles up his hair before running from the room as she shouts for him to come. Before he leaves, though, he tucks Castiel's monogrammed handkerchief deep inside his pants pocket.
“Your Highness,” the guard says, demure now as he leads Dean inside. “I found this outside for you.” Dean flushes from head to toe. Oh God, what was he thinking? He’s acting like a needy teenager who can’t go a few hours without seeing his boyfriend. Castiel’s going to think he’s so pathetic, wandering the halls to find him, wondering if he did something wrong. He’s going to send him home just to get rid of his creepy ass—
He shakes it off, putting all thoughts of the palace, and Castiel, to the back of his mind, no matter how insistent the guilt is, trying to force him back to both.
When the room beyond comes into view, he forgets all about the nervous thrum on his veins as it morphs into dancing excitement. Turns out they’re at the top of a turret, the circular room lined with bookshelves except for one section which houses the most beautiful stained-glass window he’s ever seen. Stale air fills his nostrils, but it doesn't distract from the astonishing beauty of the space.
“Hurry,” Dean whispers, voice rough with arousal, heat burning inside him as Castiel’s eyes linger on every exposed part of him. He digs his nails into Castiel’s ribs when all he does is chuckle, sending shockwaves through his system. Castiel kisses his way down to Dean’s nipples, licking and sucking until he finds the sensitive bud and
“Could be better,” Dean laughs, shrugging one shoulder as he crosses his legs in front of him and leans back on his hands. His robe loosens off a bit, sliding down his arm, but he hardly notices. Even his headache is easing the longer he sits here. “And you? You got some magic hangover cure or something?”
“What?” Dean shouts back, but he doesn’t really care, because he can feel his heartbeat and hear his blood pounding in his ears.
“I had to pee,” Dean affirms with a sharp nod, even though Cas can’t see him… he doesn’t think Cas can see him. “Then I got lost, and I fell into a one-way secret passage, and God only knows how I got
The room falls silent, everyone turning to see what’s so funny, and April glares at him, cheeks flushed and annoyed, but he doesn’t care. God, it’s good to have his best friend back.
"Yes, sir; he's very beautiful, you know?" Carson looks up at Dean with an earnest smile and Dean can't help the grin that spreads his cheeks.
Dean surges forward, hands tangling in Castiel’s dripping hair, teeth catching his lower lip, tasting sticky soda and buttery popcorn.
He just knows it's going to hurt so damn bad to lose this. He knows it, but still, like a moth to a flame, he can’t help but let himself be drawn in.
," Castiel whispers, enunciating the last two words with all the pain contained in them, and Dean snaps his mouth shut. "It was… it
Dean smiles and pushes away from the wall, following behind as the weight of loneliness lifts off his chest. He hadn’t even realized it was there but, just like that, everything feels a little more normal; a little more like it used to. A little more like it should.
"I'm sorry," Castiel whispers, but the smile on his face tells Dean he's not. Not even a little bit, but fuck, Dean doesn't
Even in nothing but his sleep pants, it’s warm, but a cool breeze ruffles his matted and tangled hair and the sunshine warms his face as he wanders through the flowers to the little bench in the back corner where he sets the tray down and lowers himself to the grass.
The moment passes and when Dean blinks again, the girls have moved away. Dean shakes himself out of it and grins at the first man to look up.
He steps inside, the crown swinging at his side as he waits, listening to Carson's praise and trying not to let his jealousy show. It sours his stomach, though, turning the butterflies to bees the longer they go on, laughing and smiling.
God, he needs to calm the fuck down. In all honesty, Dean knows he's overreacting, but with the amount of shit he's gotten into in the last four weeks alone, he's not about to take something like a missing crown lightly.
Personal shampoo, their own duffle bag, a fresh pair of sheets once a week, a bake sale once a month. Little things—easy things—that make even the most horrific situations more bearable.
.” He’s right there, so close Dean can feel the soft whisper of air against his face, and he wants to kiss him so bad it hurts. He just might, too, if only he—
For a moment, Dean can’t make himself walk back to the car. Can’t see the slump of Castiel’s shoulders when he tells him they have to keep driving, no vacancy. He leans against the dirty stucco, his leather jacket scraping and scratching, and he watches Castiel in the shade of Baby’s front seat.
It’s so soft, he’s not even sure it happens; it's too intimate to be from Castiel, but Dean succumbs to the hope, anyway, and lets himself drift.
For the next few hours, they ride the rides, play the games, and flirt like they're the only two people in the park. The crowds swell around them as the night goes on, though, kept from pressing against them only by Castiel's Guard and the camera crew, always with their focus on the two of them.
Dean groans, rolling his face away from the light as he blinks in the early morning sunshine—it barely crests the horizon, but from the angle Dean sits at, it blinds him. “Shit,” he mumbles, clutching his temple where it throbs. “What happened?”
“You might be forgetting, though I’m not sure how, that I, myself, am of royal blood.” Hannah raises an eyebrow as he shoulders straighten—her chin tilting in a way that is unmistakably regal. “I may not be a member of this particular royal family, but insulting a princess, such as you have done, is a punishable offense, as I’m sure you are aware.” Dean can’t help the satisfaction he feels at watching the smile melt from April’s and Lily’s face—his respect for Hannah swells all the more.
Fear flows through him like ice, freezing him to the spot as panic surges inside him. Kelly told him, and no one knows where he is, and Dean’s family is in
Dean snatches up his hand before he gets too far, and when Castiel's eyes meet his, questioning and uncertain, he smiles. "Of course, Cas.
“Here,” Dean says, but it barely whispers past his lips; not nearly loud enough for even him to hear. He hears Susie’s polished shoes when they hit the stone just outside the glass doors.
The golden glow in the room intensifies as the darkness of night sinks into the corners, and the way it plays in Castiel's hair—in the soft curves and sharp edges of his face—lends the moment a warmth Dean hadn't expected.
“Awesome!” She bounces on the balls of her feet before spinning around, her hair fanning out in all directions. “Come on, Winchester, let’s go see what Michael’s got stuck up his ass today.”
They’ve been arguing for a good twenty minutes, shoveling food into their mouths around shouted conversation.
"Winchester!" Dean jumps, though he doesn't untangle himself from Castiel, and whips his head around to find Benny storming down the hall. "Where the hell have you been? The prince has been hassling me all night, and—"
“What? No!” He shakes his head, flushing bright red as he waves them off. “No, nothing like that! We
“Come on, Cas,” Dean says, hooking a finger through a belt loop on Castiel’s pants. “Take me to the whack-a-mole.”
That's the problem with denial—it doesn't work when the object of your guilt is sitting right beside you, so much more trusting than he should be.
“There you go, Mr. Winchester; all set for breakfast.” Susie smiles, close-lipped and proud, with her hands on her hips as Dean steps off his platform in his expensive leather shoes.
Shit, it’s the first time she’s reading through the cards! That means… that means none of this is screened first. Those cards could say
“Did you think I was lost?” Castiel raises an eyebrow, looking at Dean like he's the most adorable thing. "I know this palace better than anyone, and I intend to show you that if we could just…” He trails off, then— “Now, Dean. Go now.”
Dean gulps, fighting like hell to keep his breaths even and calm, but Castiel starts wiping at the leftover eyeliner, and he’s
“Like what you see?” Castiel whispers, pulling the lace down around Dean’s thighs, exposing his erection to the open air. Their bedroom is cool per Dean’s furnace of an ass, and he shivers just a little, but doesn’t complain.
Dean closes his eyes as a sick knot twists in his gut, and he has to force his hands to stay at his sides, clenching them into tight fists as his knees shake and he shivers.
"He needs to be found," Castiel says, his voice wavering in the tiniest way. "I'm going to find him."
“Come on,” Charlie says, grabbing Dean’s hand outside Hannah’s door as they watch her round the corner, on her way to her date. Dean turns to Charlie, finding a mischievous smile looking up at him. “I wanna show you something.”
Dean can’t help his smile, or the teasing way his nose scrunches, his lips pursing in the most ridiculous face he can muster. “You know it,” he whispers, startling a laugh from his prince, who hands over the rose and shoots Dean a wink.
"Don't you dare hurt my other boy, Mr. Winchester—not with a girl like that." Anger swoops in to snuff out his confusion so fast his head spins, and a fire burns in his chest. It builds and builds until he could burst with it—tear into her like she's just accused him of murder—but he doesn't.
Five minutes—ten. The line dwindles, petering off to a few stragglers here and there, until Dean is pretty much alone. Honestly, he’s feeling pretty damn smug right now, and even if the kid took his money and fucked off, just the image of Castiel covered in root beer, shocked as shit and pissed as hell, has his mood lightening.
2. No one liked him and, practically speaking, Castiel can’t marry someone the people don’t respect.
She doesn't take the bait though, her ruby-red lips curling at the corners as she flicks her hair over her shoulder. “As if your business is relevant enough to hold my attention. Actually, I won't be surprised when you find yourself dead-last in the fan-favourite selection after that little stunt you pulled.” She shrugs, satisfied with her dig, but before Dean can snark back, Charlie steps in to save him, tailed by Hannah.
"No, but it means you can take it with you," Castiel offers, his lips turning up in a half-smile as he unhooks it from the cables and closes the top. "You can learn how it works and, of course, if you need any help, I'm only a call away."
“Kelly Kline,” Castiel says, his voice not quite harsh, but nowhere near as sweet as he was with Dean. The change happens so fast, it gives him whiplash. “You are being charged with treason, for adultery, and for making threats with an intent to act.”
Taking the shut-down for what it is, Meg snaps her teeth closed with an audible click but doesn’t miss the chance to turn her glare on Dean. She looks him over long and slow, examining the suit, and he just about shrinks into his chair.
"Stubborn," she snaps, scowling so hard her eyebrows practically meet in the middle, and Dean can't help the bark of laughter that bursts from his lips. Susie jumps and turns her scowl on him. "What? He
“I’d like that,” Hannah says, dipping her chin in a nod before she turns back to her meal. Dean feels a certain kind of warmth flood him as he does the same. He didn’t think he’d find friends here because of his social status and the competitive aspect of the whole thing, but it’s nice to know someone's willing to talk to him.
“Okay…” Castiel breathes, his hand still at Dean’s back. “That’s enough sugar for the night, I see.” He’s smiling, though, and people are watching them—noticing and recognizing them. The sun is setting, and the evening is beautiful, and everything is so wonderful Dean can hardly breathe. Castiel is smiling. Smiling like the sun lives inside him.
Dean gives him a look, but turns to Hannah, who is sitting in his old chair, and says, “Can you pass me the phone?”
"Who's the fox in a sundress?" Dean looks her up and down in the most exaggerated, obvious way he can, pulling a bubbly laugh from her glossy lips.
“Good morning,” Castiel says to the group. With everyone seated, he looks around, meeting each set of eyes before taking his own chair directly across from Dean. Just freaking
Dark grey, oversized, and so cozy he could wrap himself up in a blanket in front of the fire with a cup of hot cocoa and fall asleep in them.
Even with her hair done up under a shower cap, and a facemask paling her normally dewy complexion, she's charming, and Dean can't help but see exactly what Castiel sees when he looks at her.
“Blue,” Dean says, at the same time Castiel says, “Green.” They get one of each, and despite some serious bitching, Russell carries both, one tucked under each arm.
It doesn't even occur to him that it's not Benny when he flips the lock and swings the door open wide.
They stay like that for most of the day, taking comfort in each other. Dean knows without asking that he’s not to mention this—her moment of emotion is something she trusts him with, and he’s not about to betray that.
But here's another one! Don't know when the next will be! Thanks again to Sparrowtail for fixing this mess! You're the best.
Dean pulls the blinds closed, but the probing eyes still find him, peeking through the bushes, sending shivers down his spine.
There’s something dangerous in the way Lucifer looks up at him, but Dean doesn’t back away. He stands there, smirking, as the smarmy douchebag picks himself up.
Castiel’s hand moves into Dean’s hair, sifting through the soft strands as Dean’s breath catches and his heart thunders in his chest. He doesn’t dare to move even an inch—not with the guards standing so close and Alfie hanging around somewhere behind him.
“Without further ado, let’s see those picks!” Duma takes an envelope, much like the ones that hold the date cards, and pulls out a slip of paper.
“That’s what I said, yeah.” He can feel the eyes of everyone in the room on him right now—suitors, camera-crew, and servants, alike. They must think he’s crazy, and he suspects that maybe they’re right. His heart races in his chest and that giddy feeling from the night before is back, but Castiel just gives him a quick nod—his smile hidden behind his napkin as he wipes his lips—and goes back to eating his breakfast.
"Thank you," Dean whispers, so grateful for this man that he doesn't know how he'll possibly ever live without him.
“This is unnecessary, Dean. You can’t tell me humans actually—” He grunts, wobbling to his feet on a pair of rent-by-the-hour skates before taking a tentative step onto the choppy surface.
"My prince... I'm okay, and I'm here, and nothing bad has happened to me or the others. We're okay." He offers Castiel a smile—just a barely-there twitch of his lips—but it seems to offer him some kind of comfort.
Castiel seems to have disappeared again, leaving his fan club bereft and annoyed, holding their hotdogs close to their chests' like they don't know what to do with them.
"Terrible," she laughs. "We abhorred each other." She shakes her head, smiling like it's a fond memory. "But love grew with time and children. The day Castiel was born was the day I knew I loved my husband; I couldn't hate the man who gave me such a precious gift."
“You know you love me,” Dean says, sticking his tongue out at her when she huffs, but there’s a hint of a smile on her face.
Dean stops, hand extended in mid-air as he reaches for the tray of food. He looks over at her, seeing the wall she’s built up between herself and her feelings firmly in place. He sees the way it trembles as she refuses to meet his eyes, and his heart breaks for her with every new crack that forms.
Susie, having already told him the night before that, and he quotes, ‘This is as good as I can make you; anything more is pointless,’ leaves him to sleep in. He knows she’s sitting in the hospital wing with her husband, holding his hand, and he doesn’t mind that at all. In fact, he’s glad she’s taking the time for herself and her family.
? Sure, he feels a lot, and he indulges in a good cry every once in a while, but that doesn’t make him soft. If anything, it makes him
“Dean has grown quite close with Miss Charlie Bradbury,” Castiel says, saving him the trouble, but there’s an edge in his voice that Dean doesn’t quite understand. Is that meant for Lydia? A subtle demand to move on from the prying?
Dean's the last to arrive, besides Castiel, and wastes no time stepping up on his platform in the back corner.
Susie just glares up at him, pins held between pursed lips, and marks the loose seam of the chocolate-colored, three-piece suit. Not his favorite, but none of them are, really.
"The doctors think it's food poisoning," Castiel murmurs as Dean sits by Charlie's bedside, wiping her clammy forehead with a cool cloth as she shivers from a fever. "It's nothing like I've ever seen before, though, and they're the only two with the illness…"
"Getting more comfortable," Castiel says, and hangs the heavy, flowing fabric on a hook by the… door? Wall? What? Where are they?
Mary Winchester clears her throat, her cheeks reddening a little, but her smile is bright and warm. “Oh, well, I’m a little biased, I must say. Dean’s my little boy so, as his mom, how could I think it’ll be anyone but him?” She grins, then rushes to continue. “Not that Miss Hannah isn’t lovely, but my Dean will always be this fan's favorite.”
His tone is both soft and commanding, and Dean is powerless to refuse him. So, he doesn't. He opens his eyes, forces himself to look, and his breath catches in his throat.
Dean opens his mouth to argue. To tell him how stupid that is—how he fucks up everything he touches—but the town car rolls to a stop and the sounds of cheering crowds seep into the armoured vehicle.
“Hey,” Dean says, stuttering on a shiver as Charlie swings the barn doors open for him before slamming them shut just as fast. He rubs his bare hands together, trying to generate some heat, then winces when he jostles his shoulder. “Fuck, I can’t wait to get this sling off.”
That seems to lift the worry off of Castiel’s shoulders as he sags with a relieved sigh. “Good,” he says, with a decisive nod that knocks his crown a bit lower. He shifts his feet as Dean lowers himself to the edge of his bed, giving in to the exhaustion that pulls him down. “Good.”
Dean takes the laptop from Castiel's outstretched hand, feeling like he's being offered something more, but he's not sure what, and there's no way he's going to ask with Kelly here, pouting like he stole her favourite toy.
, or I'm done." He doesn't even mean to say it, but as soon as the words are out of his mouth, he knows he can't take them back; the dumbfounded shock on Castiel's face tells him as much.
Dean looks over at her, a scowl on his face, only to find a raised eyebrow and a teasing smile. “Not a chance,” he says, a grin working its way across his lips. “Besides, wouldn’t want to lose my spot as the favorite, right? One look at you and I’d be old news.”
Castiel’s smile turns soft as his head tilts to the side—he watches Dean’s face as he nods his head. “Of course,” he says, and it’s barely above a whisper. They stand like that for a minute, neither of them willing to voice what they’re thinking, before Castiel takes a deep breath and steps away, his features closing off into something more neutral. “You should get back to the palace and make your phone call.” Dean nods but doesn’t move—frozen to the spot with his eyes still locked on Castiel's. “I’ll walk with you.”
But she just takes his chin between a finger and thumb, tilting his head higher as she gets to work. “Don’t
“Speaking of dudes,” Anael jerks her chin at the other side of the long bar, back towards the dimly lit booths and the bathrooms. “There’s that teacher from Anna’s school. Novak?”
“You think they’re going to pardon him?” Dean holds his breath, his heart drumming against his rib cage as he leans closer. It sounds like Kelly, but he can’t be sure.
Dean should report him—probably will, actually—but there’s not much he can do now, no matter how pissed off he is.
There's a floor-to-ceiling window of sorts—almost like a skylight since the glass doesn't open out onto anything but a shaft of light that leads up to ground-level.
A stunning redhead in new-age eclectic fashion steps inside, a knowing smirk curving her lips and a mischievous glint in her warm, brown eyes. She’s nothing like Dean expects from a lawyer, especially that of the royal family, but she commands the room in a way that Dean suspects would hold any courtroom in her thrall.
"Here," Dean says, humour lightening his mood at his prince's struggle. "Let me." Dean reaches for Castiel's cuff, not a thought to it until four guards step up to stop him.
“Oh? Is it your shoulder?” Castiel asks, worry flooding his voice, but before Dean can tell him it’s not, Castiel turns away, waving across the room for a member of staff. “Could you get Dean some pain medication, please? Perhaps some ice for his shoulder, as well?” The woman nods, giving Dean a small, sympathetic smile before she hurries away.
“Hannah Becket, Sarah Blake, and Charlie Bradbury,” Castiel says, and a group of girls erupts into squeals a few feet away. “Balthazar Salazar, Joanna Harvelle and Lily Sunder.” A cheer goes up behind Dean and his heart swoops.
“Huh,” Hannah huffs, looking into the middle ground. “I suppose that is out of the question.” She turns to look at Dean with a forced smile. “I was hoping he would take me. It was always a favourite of mine when I was in the kingdom at this time of the year.”
Dean sighs and takes a seat on the little bench situated for peeping, and does just that—what else is he supposed to do, considering he has no idea how to get out of here, and not a chance of finding this place again if he leaves.
Dean looks up to find Sarah walking toward him, her long hair tied up in a neat chignon, and a long, flowing dress brushing her ankles. Dean smiles at her.
But Dean’s panic spikes, adrenaline surging through him when a shock of red hair crosses his line of sight. “Charlie—”
"Kissing, Dean. I thought that was obvious," Castiel says, twining his fingers in Dean's hair, holding him closer. "Come here."
Dean springs to his feet, offering up the bench, which they share with grateful smiles, as he lowers himself onto the edge of the fountain.
“It means,” Castiel says, pulling Dean just a fraction closer as they’re led to their respective seats. “All our preparations were in vain.”
But she only smiles, as graceful and composed as ever as they stroll through the grounds, following path after winding path along dying rose bushes and shrivelling gardenias as well as a thousand other plants he’s never learned the names of.
He's not paying attention, fixing his cuffs and straightening his jacket as he steps into the dining hall, and immediately regrets it when he hears a high-pitched, bell-like laugh from the other side of the room. He looks up, heart skipping, and finds he's alone with Meg and Michael.
Castiel looks up, not quite so harsh as he was only moments before, and offers the girl a soft smile as he takes the stack of papers with shaky hands.
“That'll be good, Suse,” Dean says, cutting her off as he pushes to his feet, more than a little aware of his state of undress, but he tries to ignore it as he rests a hand on her shoulder and leans down to whisper in her ear. “This is a good thing, right? No need to fight this one.”
“Is that right?” She drops back into her own chair, looking comfy in old jeans and one of his dad’s ratty sweatshirts. “Sounds like your mother raised you right. Please, have a seat.”
Charlie sits slumped on his other side, half asleep with her head on his shoulder, but he doesn’t mind; he’s just happy to have both his friends here safe and sound.
She leaves him with the guards waiting outside his door, and they lead him through the maze of hallways to a long dining hall, with a table in the middle that spans the length of the room and easily forty chairs around it. The ten other suitors are already in their seats and Dean deflates when he finds that the last two place settings are the one at the head of the table, presumably for Castiel, and one six seats away beside the one he thinks is named Hannah, and diagonal from the other man—Balthazar. Lily and Meg are laughing from the seats on either side of the one reserved for Castiel, flipping their hair and glancing at the others with so much disdain, it’s almost palpable.
Sweat dots his temples and dampens his hair by the time he reaches the last step. It slides down his spine and his shirt cleans to his damp chest, but the door opens for him with barely a nudge, and once inside, he shuts it with a firm hand.
Every thought in Castiel’s head flees and he’s left a moaning, stuttering mess, feet tangling in the sheets, head rolling, pleasure burning hot and out of control inside him. Castiel almost forgets about Dean entirely until he grunts, sinking his hips into Castiel’s face so he gets the memo.
With a sigh and an eye roll to rival Castiel’s, Dean leaves the dressing room to go in search of his shoes, but he’s smiling, and he can’t stop.
, dance with me!” She flashes a smile and shimmies her hips, and Dean scrambles to find an excuse to be anywhere else.
But the only steps echoing in the halls of the royal quarters are his own, all the way to the ruby-encrusted urn, where he knows to turn.
He trails the guard down the hall, his bare feet aching as the cold of the marble flooring seeps into his bones. He should’ve grabbed his slippers, or some socks, at the least.
Dean jumps, startled when Castiel laughs—his head thrown back and his nose scrunched up. Dean can’t even manage to be embarrassed that Castiel overheard his declaration because that
Dean not to leave the grounds. Told him to keep Benny with him at all times, but Benny would say no, and Dean doesn’t want to hear it.
“My nanny used to bake with me all the time, you know?” Castiel says after a moment of heavy silence. “She passed away last year, but every time I bake anything now, I think of her.”
"You bet your ass, I do." All pretenses are gone in an instant, anger seeping into her voice, and Dean feels like he's five years old again, caught out doing something he knows he's not supposed to. "They called in the National Guard, Dean Winchester! The
"I would normally say no," Castiel says in answer to his question, "But knowing you as I do, now I'd rather have you anywhere but behind me."
But Castiel only sighs, shaking his head with a defeated smile. “No, I suppose you don’t.” The words, said without anger, calm Dean’s sprinting heart. He’s safe with Castiel, to do and say what he pleases, and that thought alone has him wanting to do anything the other man asks of him.
This is the LONG one as promised! Over 7k words, though I'm not sure by how much. I don't think there's anything to really warn about in this chapter. It's pretty fluffy in general, with some angst mixed in just for fun lol.
“Fuck!” Dean shouts as Susie rips the wax strip off his big toe, surprised by the burning pain as he jerks his foot back.
Dean grins when he steps into the dining room and plops himself down in the only remaining seat—the eleventh having been taken away—between Charlie and Hannah.
He’s never been apple picking before, but getting a chance to make pies, and pastries, and crumbles, and fritters with
Music filters into the gardens from one of the highest windows, so far above their heads that Dean has to tilt his head back to see where it comes from, and even then, he has no idea. It’s pretty, though—the tinkling keys of an expensive, expertly tuned piano—and he closes his eyes to soak in the sound.
“Remember that time we went skating on the pond by Bobby’s? You were so scared we’d fall through that you tied a rope to your waist and had Ellen hold the other end.” Dean laughs at the memory, shifting to bring the photo up to his face. “You
Dean takes a moment to look around. Besides the reception desk just inside the door, the front ‘lobby’ has a few mis-matched chairs, a coffee table, and scattered plastic, potted plants strategically placed to conceal a hole in the wall here, and water stains there. Dean’s accustomed to this kind of camouflage, after all, so it’s easy to spot with a single glance. Even the stain in the rug can’t hide well enough under the sofa for Dean to miss. The place is in rough shape, but still, Dean can feel the care put into it.
"And you know what? No one gives a fuck about how I'm handling things. I don't know what I'm doing, and no one wants to fucking
“Cas,” he says, not quite a whisper, but his prince hears him—sharp blue eyes meet his, even through the concealed grate.
“Got tired of all the noise.” Dean shrugs, still watching the streaming sunlight as it dances on the floor and creeps up the first step, but every part of him is aware of every part of Castiel. “I never really noticed how quiet it is at home until I came here.”
“That’s really sweet of you,” Dean says without thinking, and he smiles when Castiel gets all flustered—it’s adorable, but Dean speaks before Castiel can get any more embarrassed. “Is one of these horses the dad?”
Does he really think of Dean more as a threat to his relationship with her, than a lover in his own right?
Castiel shifts, looking down at Dean's hands as his mouth opens and closes. God, he looks awkward, and it almost makes Dean smile, but what if it's
"Good." Carson nods, then turns to the others. "The rest may leave; you've had your turn. Go on, leave." He shoos them away, and Dean tries not to notice the scowl Castiel shoots the pushy photographer, but he doesn't call him on it, either.
?” she says, latching onto that little tidbit like a dog with a bone, and Dean’s heart sinks, his stomach churning with embarrassment. He doesn’t look at Castiel, but he doesn’t have to, feeling the tips of his ears heat up—he can practically feel his prince’s burning stare. There’s not a chance in hell he’s giving her a love confession on national television, especially with the object of his affection sitting right beside him.
“It’s true!” He sets the book aside, not even really thinking about it when he brushes back a loose hair, and it’s pretty obvious that she doesn’t either, but they both jump when a throat clears in front of them.
Dean’s heart melts, as it always seems to do, with the reminder of just how thoughtful Castiel is. His heart beats a little faster, and something deep inside him aches the tiniest bit—he knows Castiel has things to attend to, but
Then Castiel extends his hand again, gently, like he’s scared of something—like he’s scared Dean will say
Dean is right up there at front of the group, bouncing his way to the soup kitchen with excitement lighting him up from the inside. He'd run if it was appropriate, but he holds himself back, forcing his steps to slow so he's walking just a half-step ahead of Castiel. Besides, these shoes cost more than an entire year of groceries, and there’s no way he’s scuffing them anymore than they already are.
"That's the point," she mutters, almost quiet enough that Dean can't here, but the place isn't nearly loud enough to drown her out.
Dean gives him a look, but Castiel is smiling now, and he’s handing the notebook over to Russell, who tucks it into his inside pocket.
So, Dean rolls his eyes on a grin. “You feeling alright? ‘Cause that load of bullshit’s got to be making you feel a bit queasy.”
“Let me kiss you,” Dean blurts, and maybe he’d be a little more embarrassed if he wasn’t so drunk. As it stands, he can’t stop staring at Castiel’s lips.
“Hey!” Dean shouts, finally breaking through, and he grabs the man’s shoulder, spinning him around so Dean can look him in the eye. “Who the fuck do you think you are?” he seethes, poking at the man’s chest. “What gives you the right—”
me, Cas," he says, looking at his prince with so much joy, he can see it shining back at him in Castiel's grin.
Dean doesn't even flinch. "Wouldn't do that if I were you," he warns, his grin morphing into a smirk, and she stops.
palace guards now—look about as chagrined as they ought to, sheepish faces barely turned to the prince, who barks orders on his way back up the stairs.
"Ca—Cas, st-top!" With laboured breaths and his heart pounding in his chest, Dean doesn't know if this is heaven or hell, or maybe a little bit of both because there's Castiel's face, inches from his, filled with absolute delight. "Come on!" Dean shouts, panic in his voice because, oh God, he's going to wet himself at this rate. He kicks his feet against the hardwood floor, slipping every time he tries to push himself up.
Castiel's straight face never breaks, but he tilts his head forward the tiniest bit and, in his quietest, deepest rumble, he says, "I do, and what will you do about it?"
“You’re an idiot,” Benny says, dragging Dean, sopping wet and dripping all over the marble floors, through the front doors and down the hall.
Dean’s heart drops, his stomach twisting into knots. He freezes, every muscle locking up as the other suitors shift by his side.
"Cas," Dean says, eyes locked on one ride they haven't tried yet. One he's not sure they should, but that he wants to go on so bad, he can feel it in his bones. There's a new kind of ease between them, one he's not sure will last past their date, but that he wants to hold onto for as long as he can.
Dean flushes, his throat working as he swallows, and he nods, his hands twisting together in his lap.
"Up you get, my boy. Your red-head has a spot for you." Susie nudges his shoulders, rousing him from his dazed state. Dean groans, scowling at the inconvenience, but he crawls over to Charlie nonetheless, arms weak and shaky—threatening to collapse under his weight.
lost, can he? There are only so many places he can end up in an enclosed palace, and he’s bound to find his way back to somewhere recognizable at some point.
sorry for my part in your suffering. I never wanted you to get wrapped in any of the..." He pauses, searching for the word, before just spitting it out in a fervent whisper. "The
So, they go, and Dean sits on his stool, sipping his drink and picking at a thread in his distressed, tight as the Virgin Mary, jeans Charlie picked out for him. Dean watches, something clenching in his gut as Anael presses up nice and close to the Brit. Jo has her arms slung around the neck of the baby-faced one, with sandy hair and big blue eyes. He looks like he’s twelve, honestly, but he has a nice smile, and Jo looks starry eyed. Charlie dances with the old guy.
Castiel chuckles, but nods. He doesn’t look overly surprised, but Dean chooses not to think too much about that—it’ll only get his hopes up. So, instead, he turns his face to the sky and lets the sun heat his cheeks. It’s a beautifully warm day for the end of September and he can’t help but think it’s the perfect day for a date—perhaps a picnic in the grass—but he knows that’s not what this is. Castiel is only helping him get back because he knows Dean would never make it on his own.
“Fuck off,” Dean grumbles under his breath, before pushing through the crowd to get to Castiel’s side. He looks like he’s about to crumble into a quivering mess on the sidewalk by the time Dean gets to his side, nerves so clear in his face that Dean’s heart aches to comfort him.
The words are spoken more to himself than to the guards, and his eyes flick back and forth as he struggles to figure out what to do. Dean's heart pounds like he just ran a ten-mile race, and even with his focus on the screen, he can feel Castiel's eyes on him.
, he thinks, stroking the petals one last time before closing the book. Five of the biggest, most memorable books on his shelf have a rose between their pages, and he’s hoping for five more to add. If not, well, they’ll live here forever.
That, Dean can do. He could talk about Castiel all day long, and if it's an excuse to move on from talking about Lucifer, then all the better.
Instead of swatting him away with a look of disgust, Castiel closes his eyes, leaning into the touch like it’s all he craves, and with his heart in his throat, Dean lets his fingers tuck into Castiel’s hair as he brushes the mess away. A soft puff of air tickles Dean’s nose, so close he could kiss him.
“This will be a whole lot less painful if you tell us what you know,” the man sing-songs. “Fine. We’ll do this the hard way.”
“You think this is funny?” Castiel snaps, only a breath away now, and so close to Dean’s height that it’s not hard to feel just how hot he thinks
?” he says in his snarky little tone, voice cracking. “My four-year-old sister can skate better than him. Look! He’s a
He’s been tucked into bed for the last two hours, but sleep eludes him, leaving him tossing and turning in the dark, tracking the silvery glow as it creeps along his satin sheets.
Dean has so many burning questions, but he knows they won’t be discussed until dessert. So, he eats his meal and tries to think of anything to say to Castiel that won’t make him sound like a complete idiot. He comes up with nothing, so he talks to Charlie, instead.
Dean finds the crack on the front wall, following the fissure with his eyes where it runs parallel to the large window with the pane of glass knocked out—punched in by a teenaged hand in a fit of rage.
“The hair, Dean! Stop!” Sam cries, shoving at Dean’s stomach as their parents make it through the crowd.
"How are you feeling?" He looks between the two of them, noting how laboured Charlie's breathing is from the short walk, and how sweat beads on Hannah's brow, despite the cool breeze flowing through the garden.
“I, uh…I had help,” he murmurs, scratching the back of his head as he kicks at the ground—a blush rushing into his cheeks. God, he's so bad at this.
The vice grip on his ribs almost has the strings slipping from his hands, but he keeps them tight, wrapping the cord around his fists before pulling the two sides of the waistcoat together until his waist has a nice curve, and his fingers twinge with rope burn.
Dean barely chokes back the sound of sadness that bubbles up in his throat. He can feel the ache in his heart growing with the thought of young Castiel, his bright blue eyes filled with tears because no one would wrap their arms around him.
That’s got Dean throwing his head back on a laugh, lighting up his insides when Castiel’s lips curve in a barely-there smile. He can’t seem to tear his eyes from Dean’s face the whole time, though, and it has warmth blossoming in Dean’s veins.
“Alright, but make sure you find me before you head in. I’ll be in the barracks until just before dinner—don’t forget.” Dean nods and she spins on her heel, jogging away with all the energy Dean lacks, and he heads for the trees.
She stops, looking far more taken aback than he expects her to, before turning away, muttering about getting him to dinner before he’s late, but Dean still catches her blush, and his smile grows.
?" Benny dodges his sly attempt for information like a seasoned pro, and Dean huffs as he turns away.
Castiel gets to work, cleaning up the cut on the side of Dean’s head, then the bruise on his jaw. He’s slow and methodical, making sure to be as gentle as possible.
“You bet!” She grins, flinging her hair over her shoulder as she skips up to the stables with Dean following close behind. Dean can feel Hannah's gaze on the back of his neck, and he lags behind a bit, waiting for her to catch up.
A trickle of unease seeps into Dean's bones with the hush of the auditorium. It's unnerving, how she can silence a room with a few simple words. Will Dean be able to do that if he marries Castiel? Will he hold their attention and respect the way she does?
"Hmm," Dean hums, and leads him on. He's getting tired, and the hallways are starting to spin, so the faster they get to a place he recognizes, the better. "Probably a good idea." He's cut off by a yawn and, without thinking, lets his head drop to Castiel's shoulder. "D'you think he'll be mad?"
“Hm,” Castiel hums as he strokes a finger over the yellow stripe on an otherwise completely red apple before setting it in the basket and twisting a perfect, bright green apple from a branch. “It’s been a long time since I’ve had an apple turnover. Perhaps I’ll make some of those, or maybe danishes…” A pensive look washes over his face as his eyebrows come together and he pulls his bottom lip between his teeth. Then he grins, wide and playful when he looks over at Dean. “You will make a pie, I’m sure.”
“Cas,” Dean sighs, the weight on his chest crushing him, collapsing his lungs like they’re no more than tissue paper. “
With a sigh, Dean makes his way over to the sidelines, watching with only a bit of amusement as Castiel fights with his skates. “You’re going to rip your whole foot off like that.”
Castiel has been trying to get Dean to do this for weeks, and he’s so excited for it, he’s practically vibrating. Ever since he spied Dean’s leather jacket in the back of his closet, he knew he needed the combo.
“What’s up with Kelly?” Charlie says, and when Dean opens his eyes, he finds her staring across the field at the woman in question, who can’t seem to stop glancing their way with the most obviously suspicious look as she chews her nails and watches him with an eagle eye.
He doesn't tell her so, but there's nothing a good suit and well-styled hair is going to do to get the people to like him more; they're not that stupid. He just needs to keep his head down and get through the next few days without a panic attack.
“Yeah,” Dean says, more than a little uncomfortable as he backs away with an awkward laugh. “If you could…
the time, Winchester. “Here,” Castiel says, pulling Dean out of his thoughts. “How fast can you shower?”
“Uhh… um, it—” Dean stutters and stumbles over his words, overwhelmed and uncomfortable as his heart rate ratchets up and his palms start to sweat. He searches to room for some help—
Dean looks up to find Castiel’s eyes, bright blue and shining in the golden light. He’s so handsome, it’s criminal, and the goodness Dean sees in him makes him so unfairly attractive.
"What?" He looks around, confused, and finds that, yeah, a few hours have passed, but it's still not time to leave. "That's it?"
“Thank you, Duma,” he says, his voice a soft rumble that works its way through Dean. Castiel wastes no time in calling off names, keeping the ceremony quick and seamless, but Dean’s heart still jumps with every name that’s not his.
"Got it," Dean says with a sharp nod, but his eyes still scan the room. He knows that, through those doors, the camera crews are setting up, but even in here, it's chaotic. Stylists buzz around like bees in a hive, fixing hair and make-up, touching up outfits, and making sure microphones are hooked up properly.
"His... faculties?" Dean asks, knowing what Castiel means but wanting him to say it again. Either way, a laugh bubbles in his throat, imagining the prim and proper guard in the same state as him.
He closes his eyes and breathes in deep, pushing those thoughts from his mind. He should just try to enjoy himself, no matter how much time he’s here. This is an experience of a lifetime, and there’s no way he’s going to pass it up just because some cruel bitch doesn’t think he’s good enough.
“They’re good—my younger brother will be joining the military in a few months. He’s not quite sixteen, but the soldiers are training with him already. My father isn’t all that excited about it, but my mother couldn’t be more proud. I'm not comfortable with it, but my opinion is never considered in these matters.” Dean doesn't miss the bitter twist of her lips when she says it, and he's one again reminded of his own interest in the military. He doesn't bring it up, not wanting an argument to ruin this day.
"Perhaps you could show me sometime?" Dean spears an egg with his fork but doesn't bring it to his lips. Let's be real—he'd be wearing it in a second if he tried.
But when Dean looks at Castiel, he doesn’t see the kind, sweet man he’s come to know. He doesn’t think of all the times he’s looked at Dean like he’s the only person in the room or the fact that he brought him to his secret hideaway for comfort.
should—but it’s Saturday and he hasn’t gotten a chance to call home since the accident, and fuck, he just really misses his family, okay?
“Cas! Cas, stop,” Dean says, cutting off the prince’s rambling with a laugh, and his mouth snaps shut. Dean’s sure that, if the room had any amount of proper light, there’d be a flush rising hot and red up Castiel’s cheeks, and he’s almost sad that it’s too dark to see it. “I’m not going to pretend I’m not pissed as hell by what she said, but I don’t blame you for it. Not even a bit.”
“Mr. Lafitte, I have somewhere to be.” Castiel’s voice carries down the echoing halls along with his footsteps, and Dean’s whole body winds tight with anticipation. He watches the door, his heart pounding the closer they get.
Hannah smiles, stepping away from Dean’s side to greet him. “Yes, sir. It’s a pleasure to see you again.”
He raises an eyebrow, leaning forward as well, though he’s careful to keep his tie out of the ketchup dish. “What would that be?”
“Come visit, would you? If you can?” Dean pulls away just a little, looking into her tearstained face. One of his best friends in the whole world is leaving—how is he supposed to be okay with this?
Anyway, screw the posting schedule because I'm terrible at it and it makes me less motivated. This chapter is almost 10k words so I hope that makes up for a bit longer wait-times.
“Your hair is a mess,” he murmurs, almost to himself, before his fingers dive into Dean’s wet locks, pushing and pulling this way and that until his hair is flat and he can hardly breathe past the lump in his throat.
. It’s got to be well into the night, or at least, almost a new day, what with all the tossing and turning he’s been doing.
, obviously, and John Winchester seems to think this marriage is all about money, and as such, Dean needs to look like he has
Dean doesn’t even notice he’s smiling until his cheeks start to ache, but he doesn't stop because he can see it all now—King Castiel James Charles Novak of Amarellino, the first of his name. He’ll make a great king—the
Dean spills from the car, escaping the cramped interior as fast as he can. The ride wasn’t long by any means, but fuck, if he has to sit in a car with the others for even a second more, he’ll scream. He’d rather walk the twelve miles than sit between April and Charlie, shooting each other back-handed compliments and thinly veiled insults.
Hesitant fingers land on his upper thigh, making their way up, up, up, and all the air in Castiel’s lungs whooshes out. Pleasure crawls up his spine, down into his groin, all the way to the tips of his toes.
“What’s goin’ on?” He rubs one eye with his fist, shivering a bit when a cool breeze brushes his bare chest through the open doors.
, are they?” He pushes his glasses up high on his nose, his bald head reflecting the oven glow as he looks them over with dull, milky blue eyes. “You,” he says, pointing at Hannah. “I remember you. The Becket princess, is that right?”
After a moment, Castiel does anyway, and he takes a second to admire his handiwork before he graces Dean with another smile. “That should do it. You look lovely.” With that, he stands, packing away his things and washing his hands before he slips his gloves back on and stows the bag back under the sink where he grabbed it from.
No one’s told him anything about the competition, and he missed yesterday’s interview, so there really is no telling what’s going on. Are they carrying on as usual? If so, who’s on the date? Or are they still
“It's your food; you might as well cook it. Here,” he says, showing Dean to the sink. “Wash your hands, grab an apron, and I’ll have you start the pie.” He points to the aprons hanging in the back corner. “I’m Frank, by the way. Shout if you need anything.”
“Fact, baby. It’s just a fact.” He scoops some more buttery, cheesy potatoes from his plate and continues his counting. “And three,” he says, pausing for dramatic effect and holding up three fingers. He smirks when Charlie leans in close. “I’m just better.”
"It wasn't my intention to insult you, Dean, but you must know, this is the most unpleasant part of being a member of the royal family. I didn't want any of you to have to witness it."
Heat rockets through his veins, pooling low in his stomach, but he can’t tear his eyes away from the piercing blues staring through him. Dean raises an eyebrow and tilts his head to the side. “Such a tease, your highness,” he murmurs, and Castiel leans closer.
"No, Cas. I'm sick of whatever bullshit you've got going; I told you that, and it hasn't changed, so,
"I might be," he whispers again, and the breath catches in Dean's lungs as a fire lights in his stomach, turning him to mush.
"That's how it'll be, then?" She lifts an eyebrow, disdain soaking her words. "Have it your way." She pulls out an electric razor.
“Dean, what—no, you can’t join the military!” Hannah's smile drops as she hurries over, a look of horror washing over her face. “No, you could get hurt, or
Dean wrings his hands in front of him, trying to get control of his breathing as he looks at the floor, then back to Castiel. “I, uh… I thought I'd get in trouble for it,” he mutters, then lifts his shoulder in an awkward, half-shrug. “You know, like someone would think I stole it.”
“What? Hell no! He’s doing it.” Charlie turns to him, pencil-stick in hand, and with a sudden, heart-stuttering jolt, he realizes they’re talking about him.
"Where are we?" Dean asks, finally noticing where they stand. It's a hallway of sorts, but nothing like the ones he's used to seeing in the palace. The ceilings are low enough that they almost brush the top of Dean's head, and the narrow passage is just wide enough for he and Castiel to stand side-by-side. Soft, golden light flickers on wall sconces, and though they're not flames, Dean can tell that at one time, they were.
“So, Dean,” the cameraman says before Dean even knows what’s going on. “How does it feel to be the fan-favourite for a second week in a row?”
. “No, it’s weird. I hated my mom for most of my childhood for the name, but,” he shrugs, dropping onto the bed at the guy’s side. “It suits me. I’m weird.”
Thanks again, as always, to Sparrowtail, for reading this! We’ve finally reached that 200k you asked for!
will be on Castiel’s arm for the rest of their lives, and just the thought of having to see that for himself hurts more than he expects.
will.” He brushes past her, his resolve solidifying with every step. It’s the right thing to do, and even if an ultimatum is kind of shitty, it’s the only way he knows Castiel will find out. One way or another, he
Instead, he climbs from his bed, his bare feet hitting the chilly hardwood floor as emotion swells inside him. He doesn't say anything as he steps closer to Castiel, trying, and failing, to hold back the emotion squeezing his windpipe.
“Is there any reason you’re sitting on my steps instead of outside on the grounds?” Castiel lowers himself down beside Dean, folding his hands in his lap as their shoulders brush—their knees bumping together with the slightest movement.
It was pointed out to me earlier that the number of suitors is inconsistent (my fault) but then I went back to fix it and discovered I forgot to update the ENTIRE first chapter to fit the lengthened story, so now that's done and the number of suitors SHOULD be consistent throughout, but if you get confused in any other place, let me know and I'll fix it.
“Dean,” Castiel says, stepping closer with a frown, his keen eyes boring into Dean with all the intensity he holds inside him. There’s real concern there now, and when he says, “Are you okay?” Dean’s heart just about stops.
Before Dean can even begin to contemplate the brain-mouth filter, the words, “I can help,” slip off his tongue, and embarrassment floods in the moment they leave his mouth. It dissipates as soon as Castiel beams, though, lighting up the empty library with a radiant glow. “Then… maybe we can get a drink?”
She pulls a white silk button-down over his shoulders, buttoning faster than he’s ever seen. “You are a
All Dean can do is shrug, his hope waning as defeat settles in his bones. “That’s just how it goes for people like me.”
Dean hits the button on his remote one more time, grinning with his back turned to the screen as he folds his hands in front of him, pleased as punch. He knows he’s at the end, which is stated pretty clearly on the slide that reads
Dean reaches for the towel when he hears footsteps coming down the hall and doesn’t bother to turn back around when the door opens. Sure, they’re probably used to nudity, but that doesn’t mean Dean needs to give them a full-frontal.
Dean lets out a breath, and it seems to go on and on as he deflates. Somewhere deep in the most damaged parts of himself, guilt starts to creep in—for talking to Sarah in the first place, and even thinking she's pretty, to yelling at Susie for her accusations, but mostly for giving anyone a reason to suspect he might cheat.
His eyebrows shoot up. “Sure, I’d love some easy money.” He sets down his fork and holds up one hand, ready to tick off on his fingers. “For one, I’m like, three times your size, so if that doesn’t mean an easy win, I don’t know what does.” He ticks off the second finger. “For
April and Michael sit a little taller like the whole thing inflates their sense of self-importance. Sarah and Kelly just look confused, if not a little scared.
But something else is bothering him—something he can't quite put his finger on—and he thinks it over again and again while running the brush over Cookie's speckled coat.
“Oh—” Castiel starts, but he’s cut off by a grunt as he hits the leather seat. Dean climbs in after him, pulling the door shut. “Aren’t you worried—“
They leave it at that, knowing there's a difficult conversation in their future, but willing to hash it out together.
“Makes sense.” Then, the lady in question bursts through the door, red-faced and with her hair sticking up all over the place. It seems, too, that she lost the fight about the backless dress.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Castiel asks, voice soft enough that only Dean can hear. “You barely touched your pie.”
His heart beats steady as he rubs his thumbs over the tear-tracks, brushing them away as Castiel looks at him like he's the only person in the world. It's weird for Dean to be the strong one this time, but he can take the weight of Castiel's fear. He can hold it in the palms of his hands—gently, like it's the most precious thing—and carry it when Castiel can't. He can do that for him, and more than that, he
Joy springs up inside him like a baby bird, its fluttering wings, so delicate, he has to hold it in the palm of his hands to keep it from shattering. Joy is such a fickle thing these days, and Dean holds onto it like, in just moments, it’ll learn to fly and be gone for good.
But, as soon as she opens her mouth to speak, she snaps it shut again, visibly agitated as she starts to pace.
"Take it off. You'll distract the others with that hot-bod of yours." Dean squints, trying to see even a hint of a joke in Jesse's eyes, but he looks dead-serious—straight-faced and stoic as he waits for Dean to do it.
“You’re telling me that in all your millennia, you never put on a pair of skates?” Dean asks, one eyebrow raised as he takes a step back from Castiel’s reaching arms. Sure, it’s a little mean, but how else is he going to learn?
“Will not—” Dean’s protest is cut off by the uneasy gurgle in his stomach, and he has to clamp a hand over his mouth to force down the three-quarters of funnel cake he scarfed down.
Dean doesn't even bother watching through Thursday, knowing that, after the morning fiasco when they arrived back at the palace, there's nothing much of him in there anyway.
“Please,” Castiel says, and Dean’s eyes snap to his. “Just Castiel. Call me Castiel.” He smiles, and Dean thinks he could definitely get used to that.
He can feel every set of eyes in the room sneaking peeks at him as he lowers his own to the floor, staring at the ornate, cherrywood trim running along the base of the wall, then looking at his hands as he digs a fingernail into his palm, hard enough to leave a dent.
“Your waistcoat,” Kelly says, pointing to the offending piece of clothing that currently has Dean fearing he’ll have to take off his pants before the tent in them subsides.
Castiel doesn't so much as look his way while they navigate the crowd, but once or twice when Dean tries to slip away, a hand clamps down on his wrist, keeping him close.
believe Dean would…? But, then again, he doesn’t know the truth about Charlie, either, so maybe he does think it?
He comes at Dean with a wet wipe, grasping his chin between finger and thumb before Dean even knows what’s going on. He gasps—just a soft inhale, but it’s enough to catch Castiel’s attention.
"Anything new at the palace? Anything we should know about?" God, is she really going to make him say it? Really? She is, isn't she?
“God, I don’t think I’ve ever wanted anything more in my life than to be made his queen—I hope he picks me.” She sighs, her shoulders falling as she does, but the smile on her face only grows.
Dean jumps, startled by the sudden sound in the otherwise empty hallway, and whips around to see Kelly jogging to catch up, her heels clicking on the marble floor.
Dean pulls his custom-made bi-pride cowboy hat low on his brow, makes sure the knot of his bandana is tight around his neck, and undoes the buttons of his matching, sleeveless flannel. His cowboy boots are by the door, waiting far more patiently than Dean is to put them on.
"Oh," Dean says, surprise and no small amount of delight swelling in his chest. "Okay, uh… what's that?" He points to the tray in an attempt to ignore the way the golden lamp-light illuminates Castiel's tanned skin and makes his too-blue eyes glow.
"Without shoes?" April arches an eyebrow, and even as subtle as it is, he can hear the judgment in her voice—the sharp superiority in her tone—and he's reminded again of why she's among the suitors he
, unless directed to speak.” From somewhere behind Dean, footsteps retreat outside, presumably to call off the search party.
He doesn’t know what to say to that, though, so he starts to ramble. “I miss my family, too. I don’t live too far from here, but my family's always been really close, you know? It’ll be difficult being away from them for any amount of time.”
douchebag.” Dean grins, not the least bit nervous as Castiel presses his weight against him, every part of their bodies touching. Heat ripples through Dean, starting at the base of his spine and exploding outward. Castiel Novak is hot as shit, Dean will admit that much, but
The ride, with its heart-shaped entrance boasting its name in puffy, cloud-like letters, its shimmering pink water, darkened by dirt and God knows what else, and the gaudy swan boats, looks anything but incriminating. If anything, it's sickeningly sweet—for love birds and hopeless romantics—so what does that make Dean?
There's a pause on the other end, longer than he expects, but when a heavy sigh whooshes over the line, he knows he's got to her. "You're right, I know. I just wish…"
Dean heaves a heavy sigh, still feeling the weight of unease in his chest, but Charlie’s right—there’s nothing he can do—so he follows behind her, determined to make the most of his time here, and the best of his time with Castiel, no matter how little of it he might have left.
"Easy," Kelly laughs, flipping her hair over her shoulder as she grins back at him. "You're not good with tech, are you?"
Dean sighs, lying back in the cushions and closing his eyes. He breathes deep, and finds that the cushions smell even more like honey and sunshine—he turns his face into a pillow, then rolls, burying himself in the comfort of his prince.
"We will do it now. Come on, take it off." She steps back, waving both hands for him to hurry when Dean doesn't move. "
? What the fuck? And what if he doesn’t? What if he just keeps on his way to the stables? What then?
“Come on, Cassie. I thought you were a fighter? A soldier? Is your cushy palace making you soft?” Lucifer goads, taking a swipe as Castiel’s knees.
It takes a moment for him to notice the silence in the room, and he’s about halfway to the table when the sound of shattering glass has his head snapping up.
“Susie,” Dean starts, but he cuts himself off when she pulls him from the chair and moves him to his pedestal.
against the worktop.” Heat rushes to his cheeks, hot and humiliated, but he soldiers on as Castiel’s face falls to a blank look. “They saw me, and I wanted to tell you but Lucifer threatened me—my family—and told me to keep it to myself—”
Dean smiles. “You’re seeing Star Wars, right?” The kid nods. “There’s a guy, six feet tall, dark brown hair—super messy, like he’s been running his fingers through it—and blue eyes. He’s dressed like me, standing at the door, probably with a smug-ass look on his stupid face,” Dean grumbles, looking off into the middle ground like a lunatic. “Pretend to trip—pour the drink all over him, got it?”
In the next moment, there’s a hand on his arm—deliberate fingers nudge him towards the door when he doesn't move, and Dean can’t help but notice how they linger for a second too long, before falling away.
, if Dean says so himself, with the floor-to-ceiling bookshelves and a little seating area in the corner.
“Good. Breakfast is being served on the back lawn this morning.” Dean looks up at that, shocked that the Prince would do something so informal. “It’s a beautiful morning so you’ll spend quite a bit of the day outside. Lunch will be served there as well, and it’s very important for you to take this time to try to talk to the Prince as often as possible.”
“Guess that’s true. My family’s farm is at the edge of the village, so we kind of need the horses, you know? I can’t imagine walking into town every day.” She puffs out her cheeks and widens her eyes at the thought.
“No promises,” he murmurs, tucking his nose in the space between Castiel’s shirt-collar and his skin, breathing in his honey-sunshine scent and closing his eyes. “Can I ask you something?”
He spins away, moving faster than Dean would think possible on his spindly legs, but Dean does as he's told, stepping forward and looking around for a moment, not sure what to do next.
For a moment, Dean doesn't think he'll answer. "Russell is very strict on the safety of my activities and, as I'm sure you could tell, tonight was not one of his cheerier nights." Castiel shrugs, his hands moving up and down Dean's sides in a soothing motion. "But I wanted to take you to the carnival."
“I'm sure that's all it is, Cookie; just a guard. Yeah.” With that thought soothing his fears, Dean unbuckles her saddle and pulls it off.
“Oh,” Dean breathes. “Okay, good because we’d never get out of here, otherwise.” Dean snaps his mouth shut when Castiel starts brushing on the cream—foundation, Dean thinks he called it. Castiel tips Dean’s head back to get at his neck and Dean swallows hard, his Adam’s apple bobbing.
“Thank you,” Dean mouths, just loud enough to make a sound, and releases Castiel's fingers with a soft smile, but not before a shiver of pleasure ripples through him.
Until they reach Thursday, then Dean's jaw drops, and not because of what they show, but because of what they
“Cookie’s not so great now, huh—Oh, prince Novak,” Charlie says, cutting herself off and sliding down from Pip's back. “I didn’t see you there.”
"What, uh… what're you doing here?" Not that he's complaining, but this is just… not what he was expecting.
. What does he have to do to get some scheduled one-on-one time with his prince? Just the thought drives up his blood pressure, his annoyance mounting the more he thinks about it.
“Cas,” Dean whispers, but he doesn’t know what to say. Everything hurts, inside and out, and he just wants it all to go away.
Because that’s what it is—harmless. Dean knows that, and he knows Sarah does, too. There isn’t even a hint of interest in her eyes when she looks at him, and he’s grateful for it, honestly; he doesn’t need to be letting her down easy along with all his other worries.
,” Charlie sings, batting her eyelashes as a suggestive little grin pulls at the corners of her lips. “What did you
Sure, maybe Dean should be more upset that Castiel spent most of the afternoon with him and decided to offer a date to Jo, but he’s not. He’s happy for her, as he hopes she’ll be for him when his date card comes.
He should be back in plenty of time for dinner, and he tells himself he won’t be caught—he has the pass, after all—so Charlie doesn’t need to know. Castiel asked him to keep it between them anyway, and he doesn’t plan on breaking that promise.
“I was worried,” Dean says, wandering further into the massive room. “You never miss breakfast, so I thought maybe you weren’t feeling well. I don’t know why I thought visiting was a good idea, but—”
Castiel doesn't answer, almost like he doesn't hear him, and offers Dean a smile as he sits next to him on their blanket. They found themselves a spot on the grassy hill, damp with dew and shorn close to the dirt for the carnival.
"Yeah, so you'll all need to change if you don't want to ruin them fancy clothes." He laughs, raising an eyebrow at Dean, who joins right on in with a chuckle of his own. "There's some spare t-shirts in the back, and there might be some clean sweatpants—"
He jumps, his head snapping up as he looks to the door. A grin spreads his cheeks when he sees both Hannah and Charlie standing there, looking pale and exhausted, though far better than they did this morning.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” he says into the silence, startling them all. Castiel’s eyes snap to his as his hand falls away from his mouth.
This chapter is for Sparrowtail, and Sparrowtail only, because I made her read it without warning (I'm not sorry.) Lol, I'm kidding, of course, but I have a feeling ya'll will have some choice words for me afterwards.
Dean gets up with a huff, tossing his sheets aside as his feet hit the cold floor. The sun is still hours away from rising, but the night still has that hazy, bruised look to it that makes you think daylight is closer than it really is, and a fog thick as pea soup clinging to the chilly air.
Sure, it's temporary, and not overly helpful when the quiet of night falls, leaving his mind to wander and worry about things he shouldn't. But there it is—the only thing he knows how to do.
Castiel doesn't say anything for a moment, just looking at Dean with those too-blue eyes, and even in the dimly lit passageway, they glow. Light bounces off the sapphires in his polished crown, reflecting on the walls around them, and if Dean wasn’t so caught up in his gaze, he’d marvel at the light show all around him.
"Tell me about it," Dean snorts, eyes landing on the jackass in question. "You'll never guess what—"
Dinner was an hour ago, and lunch, hours before that. Now, Dean’s no stranger to hunger, but there’s something different about the pit in his stomach after so many weeks of never missing a meal.
“I’m the king, boy,” he says, raising an eyebrow and straightening his crown. “I can do what I want.”
“There all in the middle, buddy. You’ll be fine on the boards.” Dean slaps his back with a grin, walking away before Castiel can come up with any more reasons why this is a bad idea.
She practically falls into the chair beside Dean, leaning close so both he and Hannah can hear. “You’ll never guess what I just saw,” she pants, swallowing hard to get her breathing under control. Both Dean and Hannah lean in, waiting patiently for whatever it is Charlie has to say. “Balthazar. He was being led from the palace by
A sigh falls from his lips, and it just keeps on going as his shoulders sag and all the pent up tension leaves him. Before he even really decides to do it, Dean steps out, his umbrella hanging, closed, by his side, and tips his face to the sky.
“Tough luck, boy.” She goes back to fixing his hair and Dean keeps his hands at his sides until she’s finished with him. A pair of guards lead him from his room—Benny and Cesar, as he’s come to know them. They’re actually incredibly chatty when there’s nothing else going on, and Dean really likes talking to them, but right now, they’re silent—working.
"Dean, what're you doing out here?" Dean cringes when April's voice comes from right behind him, and he curls his toes into the dirt, kicking himself for not noticing which direction they were heading.
Thanks to sparrowtail for betaing, brainstorming, and just straight-up kicking my ass for not writing what needs to be written. You're the best!
"Alright, Crown-Prince-turned-military-officer," Dean says, looking away as Castiel removes his hand. "Just send me home before you kick my ass, huh?" Just the thought has Dean's heart sinking like a stone. He forces a chuckle but it falls flat, and he can't bring himself to look at Castiel, who doesn’t say a word.
Dean’s breath catches in his throat, his heart skipping several beats before taking off in a sprint as a mix of shock, confusion, and pleasure surges through him.
Dean looks up when a man rounds the corner, stopping in front of them and drawing Castiel's attention away.
"Can you tell me what I did wrong?" Jo says, not quite quiet enough to go unheard. Her voice shakes with barely restrained emotion, and the cameras close in on all sides to catch Castiel's answer.
It doesn’t make sense. Sam’s bills have got to be tens of thousands, which would send them into debt—and put them out on the streets—in no time. Dean looks at Castiel, who’s intent on appearing fascinated with the chair, and he gets this sneaking suspicion…
. She pulls the pins from between her teeth and swats Castiel's head with a piece of paper. “Watch the screen! Keep your eyes to yourself.”
“Up,” he pants, dragging Castiel up by the hair. He scrambles to his feet before Dean can rip the hair from his head, a little dazed and a lot confused. “Get these off,” Dean says, his fingers tugging at Castiel’s pants, and hell yes, he can get on board with that.
“If I loosen it, I’ll never get it back on. Not to mention that I’ll never hear the end of it.” He can only imagine the ribbing he’ll take from Benny if he has to loosen his strings—the man tells him he eats too much as it is, and he’s not about to give him more ammunition.
It's interesting to see the perspective change, but mostly, Dean just watches Castiel and eats his snacks.
“You mentioned your interest in my charities, so I thought you would enjoy accompanying me to the acquisition meeting. We’re here to learn more about the workings of this place and how we can be of service.”
A bark of laughter bursts from him, harsh and unamused. His head pounds like crazy, and nausea boils in his gut—he needs to lie down, have his head looked at, and his injuries tended to, but that can wait a bit longer.
“He caught me in the hallway just a few minutes before dinner.” She holds up the envelope, the light brown of her eyes shimmering in the overhead lights. “Said he’d be
“With the right person, yes, I think so.” He doesn’t look at Dean, but the downward cast of his eyes—the way his dark lashes lower to cover the startling blue—makes Dean think that he, too, feels the tension in the question.
So, he stares her down, jaw clenched and eyes narrowing further by the second as his patience wears thinner and thinner. She scowls after a minute, her nose turning up as her carefully constructed front starts to crumble before his eyes, but before she can speak, Castiel cuts her off.
It's the most Dean's ever heard the man say at one time, and the fondness in his voice is a little surprising, but why should it be? Castiel is the most beloved person in the kingdom, why wouldn't that same love rest in those who vow their services, and their lives, to protect him?
Dean smiles but doesn’t comment as his fingers move to the paperclip he keeps tucked onto the end of his sleeve. It’s a thoughtless movement—sliding it off and on—as he catalogs the scenes of war and harvest displayed in the giant circle of colored glass above the grand entrance. He knows somewhere on the second floor, there’s a second set of doors that lead to the balcony where Castiel read out his name, along with the ten other suitors. It feels like so long ago, even if only a couple weeks have passed.
“I have cream of potato.” The sounds of pots and pans clanging on the other end of the line makes him wince. They must be busy preparing lunch. They don’t have time for this, he’s sure.
with my cousin? It’s the greatest of betrayals, no matter that she was not a favorite of mine. Perhaps it shows an inflated sense of self importance, but the idea that she was not here for me alone, well, it hurt more than I can describe, and it leaves me with doubts…”
Dean stands, feeling more hurt by the rejection than he should, but he tries to smile, not quite meeting the prince's eyes as he nods his goodbye and turns away, hating a man who's not even here, for things he won't ever pay for.
"Do you think they'll bring out more pancakes?" Dean asks Hannah, looking at the empty serving tray before pouting down at his syrup-soaked plate.
Dean listens to his friends talk for a while, sipping his seemingly bottomless glass as the room gets more and more fuzzy. He blinks a few times, trying to focus on any one thing, but it’s almost impossible. Setting the glass aside, he stumbles to his feet, deciding he needs some pie.
“Oh, uh…” She shakes her head, her cheeks flushing as she tries to find the words. “Sorry, but I just… the touching thing—I thought that wasn’t allowed?”
“Dean,” Castiel says, drawing his attention. “They’re waiting for you to complete your interview inside.” He puts it out there so calmly—like it really doesn't matter at all to him—that it doesn’t register in Dean's brain for a moment, but when it does, Dean’s eyes widen.
“There was this one time when our tutor caught him, and Castiel was so caught up in his flailing that he didn’t notice at first. Our tutor, of course, froze up—what do you say to the Crown Prince in a situation like that? Even if that prince is a tiny, six-year-old boy?”
“I’m sure he’s got something awesome planned,” Dean says, then remembers that, no, he won’t. Castiel doesn’t plan his own dates.
But Dean is anything but relieved when Castiel's guards follow close behind, guns up and each face, a mask of professionalism. His whole body flames, burning hot with humiliation. He's sure they look obscene lying on the floor like this, and one look at Castiel tells him he's not alone in thinking it.
“He took me to the art museum down by the coast—he just knows me so well, you know? It wasn’t the one with the ripped-off, half-done sculptures, either. We went to the good one, with all the royally-commissioned art.”
Dean reaches for Castiel's other arm, taking his wrist with gentle fingers and pushing the button through the hole, his eyes locked on Castiel's the whole time.
“No,” Dean blurts, shaking his head before sitting up. He meets Castiel’s gaze, and without thinking, takes his hand, twining their fingers together. “I just… I want you to tell me I won’t ruin everything.”
He’d be surprised if anyone even remembers him after being gone all last week, but it’s not like their vote decides if he stays or goes, so does it really matter?
With a heavy sigh, Castiel shakes his head. "No, thank you, Dean," he says. Then, not quite loud enough to be meant for Dean's ears, "I'm in enough trouble as it is."
Dean hesitates for a moment, his hands resting on the handles, and looks up and down the hall, but he’s alone. With a deep breath, he pushes the doors open and steps out into the cool night air.
Then, Castiel steps closer and warm, strong fingers glide over Dean's palm, sending shivers up his arm as Castiel twines their fingers together. He gives Dean a shaky smile, but Dean’s heart flutters with happiness, and suddenly, he aches so bad for this—just to have this forever.
Before Castiel can so much as breathe his approval, Dean turns around, positioning himself with his ass in Castiel’s face, and his mouth hovering over Castiel’s dick.
Susie huffs, stepping forward and stretching up on her tippy-toes to smooth out the line on his face. It doesn’t work, and she glowers at him, hands on her hips but, eventually, her face softens.
“Yeah, no shit!” Dean hisses, then Benny is shoved to the side by tiny hands and Dean’s staring down into Susie’s angry eyes. He gulps, taking a step back when she reaches for his arm. “C’mon, Suse! I just wanna see the show!”
Dean flushes, stuttering and stammering as heat pools low in his stomach. "It means," Castiel rumbles, taking a step closer so they're practically chest to chest. So close he's sure Castiel can feel his heart trying to break through his rib cage.
He plops back down, a smile touching his lips. "Yes, I guess you're right." Castiel turns his grin on Dean as he reaches for the lukewarm cocoa and hands a pristine, hand-painted, more-expensive-than-Dean’s-entire-house mug to him. "Can't let it go to waste," he says, then takes a sip.
similar door, Dean finds the event hall. He steps through the door, sweaty and a little flustered, only to have his heart drop into his shoes when he finds Castiel getting his picture taken with the other suitors. Well, most of them—Hannah and Charlie still aren't here.
with a polite smile. She pouts, then forgets and asks again, only for the cycle to continue as Castiel gets more and more annoyed.
is allowed to know and be pissy with me, then I better fucking know why, too." Castiel stands there, shocked into silence, his mouth hanging open and his eyebrows practically in his hairline. "I don't care if you're the Crown Prince, Cas—you don't get to treat me like a child, or like I'm too stupid to understand whatever it is you're not telling me."
"Could it be a food allergy?" Dean asks, hoping that's the case because his other suspicion is far more sinister.
They all raise to meet her bet, including Charlie, who’s poker face is near Castiel’s in how convincing it is.
“The fuck you are!” Castiel blurts, surging forward as his eyes snap open, grabbing Dean by the lapels on his open leather jacket. He drags him closer, stumbling across the carpet on weak knees, until Dean is at the edge of the bed, situated between Castiel’s spread legs.
“Having a, uh…” The tallest guy, blond, British, and beautiful, says, eyes catching on Dean, “Ladies’ night?”
Dean startles so bad, he jumps, his ribs twinging in the brand-new, super hot, totally unnecessary, torso-constricting waistcoat. The joy-filled smile stretches his lips anyway, eradicating his anger when he sees Castiel coming his way with a matching grin and in a suit much like his own.
"Welcome back to the palace for our second week of the courting competition," Duma's voice says, booming through the room as she announces the highlights of the week, not leaving out a
Either way, he decides to settle in front of the fireplace, letting the heat of the flames and the thick, down duvet expel the ice from his bones.
The scene cuts to the aftermath of his falling out with Hannah, to his fight with Castiel, and a lump rises in his throat at the sight of his own face—hurt, confused, and pissed off—as Castiel gives him orders like he's a soldier and not a suitor.
Castiel hands off his sword to Victor, who bows his head as he takes it. There’s a smirk there, too, and he can fuck all the way off with that.
Castiel doesn’t answer, his breaths stuttering from between parted lips, eyes wide, every part of him strung tight.
Dean sighs at the sound of his mom's voice, all the tension and pent up emotion rushing out of him in an instant. "Hey, Mom."
“I… yeah. Yes, me too,” Dean says, stuttering all over the place as he blushes right down to his toes. Is that really why he’s here, though? He just sent a woman to
Dean doesn't speak—doesn't think he can even if he wanted to—watching Castiel watch him with those too-blue eyes and his heart in his throat. Did Castiel really hear his entire outburst? And, shit, isn't that fucking embarrassing. Dean can feel the heat rising in his cheeks the longer he stands there, but what else is he supposed to do?
They sit on opposite ends, Dean looking into the empty fireplace as Castiel leans forward, elbows on his knees as he cups his hands in front of him.
"Uh, sure," Dean murmurs, and with the utmost concentration, he sets the crown on his prince's head. After a moment of straightening it, he catches Castiel's eyes and smiles. "What?"
“Your shoulder should be in a sling, but that seems to be the most severe injury you sustained. Hold still.” Castiel grips Dean’s wrist with gentle fingers, and Dean freezes, only registering that he was fidgeting when he stops.
He’s never had the opportunity to enter the palace before—his family was never one of the ones offered the privilege of meeting the royal family, and the closest he’s come to actually meeting Castiel was on a field trip in the fifth grade when Castiel was given leave from his private tutoring to meet them on the front steps and greet them one by one. Dean had been the only student to make the mistake of extending his hand to the young Prince and, as the rest of the class gasped in horror, Castiel had smiled and clasped their hands together, ignoring the bright flush on Dean’s cheeks.
He forces himself around and keeps moving until he's over the crest of the hill. Then, and only then, does he stop, and toss his shoes aside before lowering himself to the grass.
Dean sighs, too tired for this fight, and sags into the doorframe. He looks to his feet, not bothering to argue because, yeah, he could've, but he wasn't really feeling up to talking to anyone but his mom.
Dean smiles, already having an answer ready. “Ah, yes, of course. Private insurance can be shifted to cover elective surgeries, or the more experimental types, offering a large market for the kinds of medical attention that have required going out of the country for, in the past.”
“Yeah, but, on average, he spends my hour on you. Not that I mind, but what a way to give a girl a complex, you know?” Charlie shoots him a grin, but Dean’s too busy trying to figure out if what she’s saying is true.
He just barely catches the way Castiel’s adam’s apple bobs, his cheeks flushing before Dean drops his gaze down to his bare toes.
“I think I would definitely place my bets on Dean.” Both Dean and Charlie stop laughing and turn to Castiel when he speaks. With his head tilted to the side and a barely-there flush on his cheeks, he looks adorable, and Dean can’t help but grin.
“I will raise again. Three chips.” His fingers wrap around the chips, clinking them together as he sets them down, and even that is hot—the bastard.
“Just tell them where to shove it and they'll leave you alone; the rich and powerful don’t tend to know what to do when they're told off.”
Before the king can speak, though, a sharp, feminine voice cuts through the air. "For the theft, five years in prison. For the Offence to the Crown," she pauses, letting the words linger, their weight settling on every person in the amphitheatre. "Life."
Castiel nods for Dean to listen to Benny again, and he does as he’s told, pressing his ear to the wall. Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel clears his throat and fits an earpiece in his ear.
to believe me, it’ll look like I’m going above the investigators. It’ll make me look guilty for suggesting they might find that it’s the truth.”
Dean thinks about the article and the fight they had earlier this week. He thinks about the still-healing split in his lip, and all the pain he’s endured over the last seven weeks, and
Hannah covers her mouth as she laughs, her eyes shining with humor, but then she looks at what Dean is wearing and her smile disappears, dropping into a frown in a blink. “What are these?” she asks, poking his thigh with a manicured nail, and Dean looks down, expecting a bug, or, maybe a spot of something, but sees only his jean-clad leg.
Dean hops his way down the wide steps leading to the kitchen, a silent whistle leaving his lips in a stream of air, but when he rounds the corner, he comes to a stumbling halt.
The backyard isn’t much to look at, so he doesn’t, ignoring the new stack of tires from the shop and the broken down, rusted out car he’d once hoped to inherit.
“I haven’t really gotten a chance to talk with him, yet. He seems lovely, though, from what I know of him. I’m excited to get to know him better,” Dean pauses then, realizing he forgot to repeat the question. He looks up at Duma with a guilty smile. “Sorry,” he whispers, wincing, but she just shakes her head.
“You want to bet?” Charlie raises herself up in her seat, getting at eye level with Dean as he turns to face her.
, and he’s allowed to make mistakes and get angry, and say things he doesn’t mean.” Dean shoots up from his chair, his head spinning and stomach turning, but too angry to sit still, and now that he’s started, he can’t stop.
“Oh, it’s…” Dean looks down, embarrassment creeping back in at the mention of his low-rate, handmade gift. “It was nothing. Well, not
“Sir, yes, sir,” Dean says, saluting his prince before dropping onto the couch with a soft bounce. Okay, so he might still be a little drunk.
"Because you feel so much, my boy. You have a big heart, and you are so kind, and people take advantage." She strokes his back and wipes his tears, and Dean lets her, soaking in the comfort she offers. "You are a good, honest man in a world of cruel, deceitful people, and
He's just about to step out from behind the barn when a pair of voices float through the air to where he's not-quite hiding, but concealed from sight.
"You are innocent; you haven't seen the terrible ways of the world like I have, and I want you to have all the information before jumping in headfirst."
“Not everything needs to be said to be real—Cas knows that,” Dean says, shrugging with a charming smile. “Besides, aren’t I entitled to a bit of mystery?” He shoots her a wink, feeling the cameras zooming in on his features—right down to the tiniest freckle.
Then the trumpets sound, the doors swing open with a flourish, and Castiel steps forward in all his princely glory, filling the room with his presence—a crackling energy that’s impossible to ignore.
Words catch in Dean's throat, stuck on his shock, and his mouth hangs open as his eyes fall back to the page. "
Dean’s head snaps around, happiness bursting in his chest at the familiar voice, and a smile curves his lips. Any residual anger lingering inside him melts away when Sam pushes through the people and launches himself at Dean. Dean pulls him into a tight hug, giving him a noogie and holding him under one arm as he fights to get away.
They hang up and the pit in Dean's stomach only grows. That, and his anger. At himself, and the healthcare system, and this stupid, fucked up situation.
“You think I’m kidding about leaving?” He raises an eyebrow, annoyance seeping back in to snuff out the panic. “I’ll walk out of here and never come back, Cas, I swear to God—”
what he knows. I broke the rules, according to them, and…and I’ll be—fuck.” He buries his face in his hands, his breaths shuddering out of him as he draws his knees up to his chest.
