It hit Tony then, that at least in this respect, he actually was a virgin. The momentary attack of nerves led him to respond tersely at first, but then he just let himself follow Grant’s lead, reaching down to rub a well-lubed finger against his entrance.  The gel was cool, but it was the overall sensitivity that took him by surprise, making him gasp.
“That’s kinda the point of this whole thing, isn’t it, sunshine?” Tony growled back in reply.  Grant teasingly responded that he had a lot more story to tell and that he didn’t want to let the rest of the session go to waste.  Tony had always enjoyed a bit of banter with his bedmates, so he responded that he’d hold off for now but  “as soon as your lips touch my dick, I’m going back in.”
“That’s quite alright.  You can make requests whenever you call in, and they’ll be noted accordingly.  However, we have a strict policy against any underage scenarios.”   That was something else he had noted with approval about Fury Enterprises.   “I can set you up with a performer right now, if you’d like. I see several good prospects on line right now.”
So,” Tony continued, wanting to clarify the whole condom question, “Part of the medical poking and prodding I endured after my involuntary holiday included all sorts of blood tests, including one pertinent to our current activities. They gave me a clean bill of health.”
“Well, wasn’t that pathetic,” he mumbled.
Of course he was being smart about it -  setting up a separate, untraceable credit card and phone number.  He’d also record the calls, just in case.  So he filled out the form, using the same name and contact info on the charge account, and clicked the button.   Not five minutes later, a call came in.
“Hi, Anthony. What can I do for you -- or to you -- tonight?”  Grant’s flirtatious tone sent a pleasant shiver down Tony’s spine.
Tony picked up the box that a courier had dropped off in his workshop earlier in the day, turning it over in his hands.  The company had promised discreet packaging, and neither the return address nor the packaging gave a hint as to its contents.   Which, technically, was nothing more than a cylinder of silicone, but implied so much more.
“Give me five or ten minutes, sweetheart. Gotta wash this goop out of my hair.” Tony grabbed their bags and headed for the bedroom.  He put a stash of condoms and lube on the nightstand,  grabbing the smaller bottle of waterproof lube to take with him into the shower.  He wanted to be ready for whatever new experiences this night might bring.
Tony couldn’t keep the grin from his face.  “Well, being born on the fourth of July and all, I figured you deserved something equally patriotic.”   Steve rolled his eyes, and with a devilish grin of his own, slid back down between Tony’s legs.
He’d learned that Grant was nearly two decades younger than he, even if he seemed mature beyond his years.  Tony in turn had danced around his age, as well as his profession -- claiming to be a technician, a kind of specialized mechanic.  Which wasn’t wrong, just not the full story.  Tony supposed it said something about him, that he was willing not only to keep those sorts of secrets, but to pay someone for companionship above and beyond the basic phone sex.  But both Pepper and Happy were on his payroll, and he considered them friends, so how was this all that different?    And there was the barista down at the coffee shop,  Steve.   Okay, maybe  that was more of a transactional acquaintanceship, but it still ought to count for something.  Besides, Steve was kind of cute, and  Tony had always been a sucker for blonds.
“No... not at the moment,”  Her question had caught Tony by surprise and he’d stuttered a bit.
Stony Tropes Bingo:  Virgin Tony —   Tony Stark Bingo:  KINK: Virgin
“Male or female?”
Tony makes a special purchase that gives him and Grant something new to play with.
“Perfect. Now where were we?” Grant replied pertly.  Then he proceeded with the story, describing how he was undressing Tony, running his hands all over, and then using his tongue “not my lips, Anthony,” to make contact.   Tony teased Grant about being a literalist, but dutifully waited for him to actually mention that his lips were on Tony’s cock before taking himself in hand once again.  And Jesus, that short break in the action had only served to rev him up even further.  There was no way he was going to last much longer.
But Grant was still there, speaking gently, urging him to take deep breaths to calm himself.   His words of comfort, telling Tony how he was holding him close and stroking his hair helped somehow even as Tony felt consumed with embarrassment and shame.
Afraid to take Grant’s response too much to heart,  Tony sassed right back. “Aw, honeybun, I didn’t know you cared. But I swear I’m loose, and wet, and so, so ready. I need you inside me as soon as goddamn possible.”
So he repeated the digits back, just to double check, and Grant mentioned the extension was the same as his birthday.   He went on to admit  that when he was little, he thought the July fourth fireworks were just for him and Tony found himself unaccountably charmed by this glimpse into Grant’s life.
Tony huffed out a laugh. “Nah, I’m too damned impatient. Always have jumped in with both feet, so to speak. Okay, I’m good. Ready for more.”  Once he adjusted, Tony found he was enjoyed everything  more than he thought he would; there was definitely an appeal to being a bottom.  He let his innate stubbornness propel him past the burn when Grant finally talked him through adding a third finger, claiming better to be safe than sorry.   Tony shifted slightly to take some pressure off his wrist, but just as he was about to make a snarky comment about size queens, pleasure shot through him like a jolt from a 120-volt line “Holy shit, what was that?” he yelped
“Yes, Tony. It’s been a long time coming.”  The warmth in Steve’s reply made Tony’s breath catch, with his  subsequent kiss stealing it completely.   Tony poured his pent-up emotion into their embrace, even as his eager hands began to undress his companion.
So when asked how they were going to use the dildo within the scene,   Tony found himself blurting out,  “I want you, Grant. Want you inside me, filling me up, your body pressed close to mine. Make love to me.”     There was a sharp inhalation of breath on the other side of the line;  Tony wondered if he’d finally pushed things too far, wearing his heart on his sleeve only to watch it bleed.
When Tony complained about Grant being a pain in the ass,  he should have expected a the cheeky reply he got.  “Exactly what I’m trying to avoid, Anthony. I’ll fuck you into the mattress another time; make you walk funny for a week. Promise.”  Just the thought of that made Tony weak in the knees, now that he had an inkling of  what it could feel like.  “But this time, I want to be gentle. To make love, just like you asked.”
He ran trembling fingers over Steve’s chest to discover a scar running right down the center.  The way Steve flinched at his touch spoke volumes, so Tony tried for a bit of levity, making reference to the story ‘Grant’ had told about getting  scratched by coral  during a diving excursion.
“I’m hoping you were about to put your hands and maybe even your mouth all over my prick.”   Tony hadn’t meant to sound so selfish; but Steve didn’t seem to mind.  His strong, sure grip, sliding slickly up and down Tony’s achingly hard cock punched a throaty groan from Tony’s lips.  It was everything he’d imagined it would be, and they were just getting started.
“Is that a knot you tied in the towel or are you just happy to see me?” Steve quipped after  Tony had plastered himself to Steve’s back, wrapping his arms tightly around him.
“It’s not a dream,” Steve reassured him; Tony hadn’t realized he was speaking aloud. “Know how I know that?” he continued. “Because I’m thinking the same thing, and we both can’t be having the same dream at the same time. Statistically impossible.”
“I’m shooting for ‘ecstatically satiated’ , but ‘happy’ is a good place to start,” Steve shot back with a mischievous glint in his eye.   They got their bags from the car and took an elevator up to their corner suite.
Grant’s reply was so gentle and loving,  reassuring him even as he was walking them through the logistics, that Tony could almost imagine that he really was there, ready to join him in passionate union. “I hitch one of your legs up,” Grant finally said,  “spreading you wide enough for me to push my cock against you, the tip barely sliding in.”
After tracing an excruciatingly slow line with his tongue from Tony’s hipbone to his inner thigh, Steve suddenly deep-throated his cock, short-circuiting Tony’s brain.  Pushed right to the edge of orgasm, his hips bucked almost  instinctively; Tony fisted the sheets and struggled not to come right there and then.  “Jesus Christ, Steve,” he gasped,  “give a guy some warning - you almost brought the festivities to an abrupt end right there!”
As Grant described the two of them getting into doggy-style position, the thought of not being face to face with his  imaginary lover kicked Tony's nerves up again, odd as it seemed.  “No, I want to see you," he broke in.  "Want to touch, to kiss you.”
But we’re not done with the evening,” Tony responded after Steve finished his story, “I plan on giving at least as good as I’ve gotten. May I?”
“That is absolutely adorable, Grant. I better let you go - time is money in your biz. Thanks.”
On his way home, Tony made a stop by his favorite Italian place for some take out.    After eating, Tony unwrapped his new purchase and followed the  ‘Before first use’ instructions, placing it within easy reach as he made himself comfortable in bed. "Hey there, sexy,” he said as soon as Grant picked up. “Guess what? I bought myself a little present.”
Tony read through the website again, knowing perfectly well he was simply stalling.   Sure, all the phone sex sites he’d been to promised “discreet”  conversations,  but this Fury Enterprises seemed to take it fairly seriously.  He also liked how they stated up front that they catered to “all sexual orientations and gender identities”,  which seemed promising.
“Mr. Carbonell?  This is Maria from Fury Enterprises.”
It might burn a bit,” Grant responded reassuringly, “so I wait for you to relax again, moving it just a little, in and out. How’re you doing, sweetheart?”
“Nice and slow - we’ve got all the time in the world.”  Grant’s words of reassurance helped Tony relax almost as much as the circles he was tracing around the furled muscle, loosening it little by little.  It felt good, better than the fumbling self-explorations he’d attempted after their last conversation. He followed along as Grant mentioned sliding inside, but the edge of a fingernail caught and Tony hissed in momentary pain.
As he spoke, Tony palmed his rapidly growing bulge.  He then reached for the bottle of lube he’d placed on the nightstand before sliding his boxers out of the way.  Thank god for wireless headsets, because he didn’t want to miss a moment of what Grant was saying.
Tony lost himself in the sensation for a moment, imagining his own hand was Grant’s, only to be drawn up short when Grant asked if he was already jacking off.
Grant calling him “sweetheart”,  struck a chord as well with Tony as well. Again, he had no idea why he was opening himself up emotionally like this -- god knows he rarely did so in person --  but since he was calling the self-indulgent shots, he asked Grant to keep using endearments.  And when Grant asked what he looked like, Tony was too distracted to lie.
He listened carefully to the story Grant started to tell; he was obviously well-practiced at setting a scene and drawing his client into the fantasy.   Tony found himself responding as if the make-out session on the couch was really happening. He honestly hadn’t known whether a guy talking dirty to him was going to get him hot and bothered, but he’d be damned if Grant’s sultry delivery wasn’t having the desired result.
“Good lord, yes, please!”  Within moments, Tony was caught in the throes of the strongest, most intense orgasm he could remember;  waves of pleasure crashing over him, leaving a tangle of emotions in its wake. Tony reached out to Steve, pulling him close; he couldn’t stop trembling as he fought off the sudden thought that this was all his imagination, that he’d wake up and be right back in the clutches of his kidnappers.
Tony was still coming to terms with his own situation.  Oh, he loved women, no doubt about that, but there’d always been something about men that he’d found himself drawn to, even as he tried to resist the feelings.  And as he’d gotten older,  those urges became harder to ignore. Based on the last couple of weeks he’d spent strolling through RedTube and  Men.com, he finally had to admit, at least to himself, that he was bisexual.
He had timed the delivery of the package to coincide with his and Grant’s weekly call.  An anticipatory smile spread across Tony’s face  at the thought of talking once again to his, for lack of a better term,  phone-a-friend with benefits.  He did consider Grant a friend by now, as they spent nearly as much time chatting about what was going on in their lives  (carefully avoiding anything that might be too revealing) as they did with the sexy talk.
“Like I could forget something like this,” Tony groaned, verbally participating in the action. “And I’m giving as good as I get, Grant. You’re gonna have to wear a damned turtleneck sweater to work.”
Steve’s passionate hiss was all the reply he needed.
“Well, that was quick! I wasn’t expecting a callback so soon.”
“Understatement of the year, sunshine. Can we get the show on the road?”   While he’d appreciated Grant’s prudence up til now, he needed more than just his own hand could give him.
When Steve matter-of-factly explained that it was from heart surgery he’d had when he was a child, Tony  let his actions speak for him, taking Steve’s hand and placing it over the still-healing burn mark  on his own chest.   At Steve’s questioning look, Tony quickly explained about the suit of armor and the toll it had taken on his body.
Pretty much just smut here,  but with some feels as well.
“Feels a little strange. Good, but ... strange.”   Both the sensation and the fact he was doing it to himself; it would be a lot sexier if it were Grant touching him so intimately.  Tony shook his head, trying to lose himself in the scenario and his provisional lover’s words.
That said, Grant was apparently also worried about Tony’s inexperience, and got downright bossy, telling him to do as he said.   “I don’t want you to hurt yourself, or have a bad experience.”   Tony promised to behave, and the warm feeling in his chest spread even further at Grant’s continued expressions of care and concern as he made sure the proper supplies were handy.
But as for acting on those feelings?  Tony was quite aware that one drawback of being a public figure was the publicity.  While being a playboy seemed to go part and parcel with being the face of Stark Industries,  he doubted the board members would turn a blind eye to him going after guys.    So maybe phone sex - an actual interaction - would help him determine if it was just a harmless fantasy, or if he really did want to be with a man.
“We pride ourselves on prompt responses to our clients.  I just want to confirm a couple of details on your account before your first encounter.   You listed yourself as a cisgender bisexual male, is that correct?”
“Can I call you again?”  Tony asked, surprising himself.    When Grant replied with his extension number of 0704, it reminded Tony that this had only been a negotiated fantasy. Sure, maybe once the endorphins wore off, he’d feel differently, but Tony  had really enjoyed the entire call, not just the dirty parts.   From Grant’s calm acceptance of his nervous blathering at the top of the call to offering a bit of comfort after he fell apart, it was if they had connected in a way beyond just getting his rocks off.     Tony couldn’t imagine talking like this to someone else, of having to start the whole process over.
But it seemed Steve wasn’t done yet;  after another deep-throating that seemed to go on forever,   Tony admitted he wasn’t going to last much longer and asked where he should finish.  “Unless you’ve got something specific in mind,” Steve replied, “tell me when you’re close and I’ll go down on you again.”
Grant’s familiar moan came over the line as he reached his own climax, followed by a moment of nothing but heavy breathing.  Through the haze and his own repeated murmur of “oh my god,”   Tony heard Grant pant,  “Anthony, talk to me. Tell me you’re okay.”
There will more than likely be more to come with this remix;  but probably not til after the holidays, due to time constraints.    Kudos and comments help feed the muse!
“You idiot,”  Tony murmured to himself as he fell back into the large and deserted bed.  “You’ve gone ahead and fallen for him, haven’t you?”
Grant continued the cautious pace,  describing in delicious detail how he was sliding his finger in and out, a little deeper each time, and how hard he was getting at the thought of his cock replacing his finger.   Tony himself had been stiff practically since the beginning of the call, but his focus wasn’t on his dick right now.
“So, now that we’re both shirtless,” Grant murmured. “I lay back and pull you over on top of me, so I can get my hands on that gorgeous ass of yours. My teeth graze your collarbone as I suck a series of marks all along it. I want to make sure you’ll remember me tomorrow.”
“Well, it’s about seven inches long, about an inch and a quarter thick and shaped a whole lot like a penis.”   Tony suppressed a snicker at Grant's excited response; especially once he’d learned Tony had never used one on himself before.   During their last call,  they’d talked about penetration as something to add to the fantasies (as up to that point they’d both been quite happy with blowjobs), so Tony had assumed this would be the next logical step.  Grant's mix of  surprise and pleasure only got Tony even more aroused.
“Me too,” Steve replied, “last test came back negative.” He grabbed the lube and returned to the middle of the bed, stretching out alongside Tony. “Now where were we?”
That said, Tony didn’t want to assume anything.  Even though he’d bared his heart to Steve on that first phone call after his rescue,  he hadn’t been able to back those words up for weeks. And while Steve had made overtures towards phone sex during a couple of calls, Tony had wanted to wait for the real thing.  He hoped that Steve’s double entendre over dessert meant he felt the same way.   “So,” Tony said as they pulled out of the parking lot, “I can take you back to your place, or....?”
When the waitress had asked if he was Tony Stark, he’d faked an accent to match his Eurotrash disguise,  pretending in the moment to be someone else.  With Steve’s support, he’d kept up the pretense through the rest of the meal; at least it had allowed him to express the affection he felt for his companion.  Affection that — he hoped — would build on the physical act of love making and blossom into something more between them.
“I am so much better than okay, sunshine. Grant, I think I--”  Tony bit his tongue so hard he nearly drew blood.  My god, he’d actually been on the brink of saying ‘I love you’.  With a sigh, he finished the sentence with a lame comment about letting his assistant know he’d be in late tomorrow.
I kinda like the sound of that ‘or’, babe,”  Steve replied, making Tony’s heart leap.  But there were a few things he wanted to get off his chest, first.   After apologizing for blowing up at Steve over the whole tip jar situation, Tony asked how Barnes was doing and mentioned the prosthetic study that  SI’s medical devices division was kicking off.
He took a deep breath.  “Male, please.”
He liked the idea of a session; he’d never been a ‘wham, bam, thank you ma’am’  kinda guy, so he opted for thirty minutes.  He was more nervous than horny at the moment, so it might take a while to get it up and then get off.
“Ah. That’s a good question. I’ve never done this before. Not so much the phone sex part, the guy on guy part. Not that I’m a virgin - lord no. The ladies love me, and vice versa.”   Tony couldn’t believe the words coming out of his mouth. “Trust me - if you knew who I was, you’d never guess I was anything but straight. Like I-80 across Nebraska straight. But.... I’m not.”
But instead of a release of pleasure, it was as if a dam of turbulent emotion had burst in him. Tony  was suddenly awash in self-loathing, with every hateful gay slur he’d ever heard being heaped on his own head.  This was wrong, a terrible mistake; he was ashamed, he was weak. Tony wanted nothing more then to curl into a ball and hide away from everyone and everything.
“Yes, darling, yes.”  Grant’s steamy description of their lovemaking, complete with the endearments that had become an essential part of their conversation quickly brought Tony to the brink of orgasm.  His hands worked in frantic rhythm, one tightly squeezing and stroking his cock, the other thrusting the dildo deep inside.  He’d feel it tomorrow, but he couldn’t spare a single brain cell to care, lost in the moment as he was.  Tony cried out for Grant as he came; a pang of regret that he didn’t know his partner’s real name to use instead.
“Will this be a per-minute call or a session?  The sessions tend to be more cost-effective, as it’s a set block of time, and many of our clients say they’re also more fulfilling.”
After everything that Tony (and Steve) have been through,  the two of them go  on a date and then to a hotel suite to finish what they started together.
They fondled and groped each other a bit in front of the window before Tony suggested they head to the bedroom.     Stretching out across the bed in a come-hither pose, he purred, “One of us should be narrating the action, sunshine. Just like old times.”
“Hey, my name’s Grant - hope you’re looking for a good time.”  Tony had unconsciously been expecting a stereotypical, high-pitched lisp, but instead, a warm baritone voice came over the line.
Before things got any more uncomfortable, Tony removed the dildo with a soft grunt, leaving him feeling empty inside in more ways than one.   But he rallied, telling Grant how wonderful everything had been -- and it was, even if he ended up alone instead of in his lover’s embrace.   He kept up the brave front as Grant replied that he’d had a great time as well,  finally wishing him sweet dreams as they hung up.
But then Grant responded,  “It’s going to take a little while to get there, sweetheart, but I’ll make sure you enjoy the journey.”   He started the scene,  taking things just as slowly as he’d said, despite Tony’s impatience.   When he mentioned putting lube on his fingers,  Grant paused, clearly waiting for Tony to follow the implied instructions.
“Yeah?” he couldn’t fight the smile as it spread across his face, nor the way his cheeks seemed to start to burn all the more.
What started as a simple, if rough, press of lips quickly degraded as Tony’s hands found their way, accidentally, to a particularly sensitive, painful spot below his left shoulder and Steve gasped. Immediately, the opening was taken and Tony made it clear just how much more practiced he was at this sort of thing, practically taking Steve’s breath away. Yet, despite his own lack of experience, he gave as good as he got, caught up as emotions swelled and washed over him. Fully acknowledging the fact that he wasn’t being pushed away or rejected. That Tony was kissing him back. That Tony was completely taking control of the kiss, now.
Footsteps should have faltered and stopped, Steve should have taken a pause. But, despite his intentions, his body was clearly dead set on doing something more than simply talking. His stride didn’t slow, even as he drew closer, and he had no doubt his face was still set into an expression of determination. Because he was so focused on Tony, he immediately noted when his easy smile morphed into an expression that spoke of worry and confusion.
“I refuse to watch Back to the Future for the millionth time and you still haven’t seen Die Hard!” Tony argues.
Tony laughed and the five of them began talking and laughing together. The night went on like this for about another hour before they each broke off to schmooze and talk to donors and other high-class people. Steve had been in a conversation with a man in his dress blues for about thirty minutes when Natasha walked by to nudge his shoulder and nod to Tony. Steve looked to where Nat had motioned and saw Tony looking extremely uncomfortable and was slightly leaning back, like he wanted nothing to do with this conversation. Looking to who Tony was talking to he saw a woman who looked to be in her mid to late 40’s leaning very close to Tony, but with a face of mild disappointment.
Tony’s eyes widened, so
Normally Steve would wake up, go for his run, and come home to make breakfast that he would take down to Tony. He also made lunch for him when he could. When he would take food down to Tony, occasionally they’d would sit and talk like they did the first time, other times they would turn on a TV show they had been watching and eat in silence. Usually though, Tony would eat while he worked, and Steve would sit on the futon and read or draw. He’d quickly begun to sketch scenes from the workshop. He had drawn Dum-E and the other bots and man did he love those bots, but mostly he sketched Tony. Tony with his safety goggles resting above his forehead, Tony underneath a car or taking apart the motor, Tony with grease on his clothes and face.
“Well, it’s like,” Tony pauses, unsure of how to continue, “Like, when someone gets turned on by them or their partner gaining weight. That’s what I learned about twenty minutes ago and I haven’t been able to get it off my mind. I know, it’s weird and I know it’s not an option, so let’s just forget I said anything.”
Tony balks. “Wait, what? You’re actually considering this?”
Steve felt his body warm up, feeling the anticipation. “Well should the opportunity arise I certainly wouldn’t complain.” He looked back at Tony and winked, before reaching for the tray of lasagna to put a helping on both of their plates. “I have some dessert, too, but that’s going to be another surprise.”
“Christine Everhart, as you should know by now, Mr. Stark. I’ve only interviewed you half a dozen times.” She said sarcastically. Tony just winks at her, letting that be his answer. “I came to ask you about the new phones that were released but I can see Ms. Potts looking for you, so it’ll have to wait for another time.” Tony looked as well and saw that Pepper was indeed motioning for him to join her.
“Both of want to see the other gain weight, right? So, the only thing that makes sense is that we both do it. I want to see what you look like with the extra weight Tony, and you want to see me. Let’s just do it.” Steve reasons, looking at Tony pleadingly, almost begging.
“224,” Tony gasped, “four more pounds just this week.”
When Tony notices it, he wonders if Steve has too. They’re having a movie night with the team for the first time in about a month. Natasha and Clint had been gone on missions, Thor had gone to visit Jane, and Bruce was still here he’d just stayed on his floor and in his lab for the most part.
“Yes of course, I designed one for everyone!” Tony rolled his eyes, “There’s more than enough room in this tower for all of us.”
“What is all this?” Tony asked, “I didn’t forget am important date or anything did I?” He joked, leaning back to look into Steve’s eyes.
“Someday you’re going to want to leave. They always do.” Tony whispered, looking into Steve’s eyes in the mirror.
A couple of tears fell. “I just don’t know what to do, what are people going to think?” Tony closed his eyes. “I’m ugly.” As more tears fell Steve wrapped Tony up in his arms and rested his chin on top of his head.
Steve took a deep breath and looked at Tony, taking his hands. “I’ve been wondering the same, honestly. I was asking Bucky earlier what you could possibly see in me. I’m younger then you, I’m not rich, I’m just an ex-soldier, but you’re you, fantastical and ridiculously kind and charming. I just couldn’t see what you wanted.”
“JARVIS, show me new movies from the last few months.” He heard Tony say as he walked down the hall to get the pizza.
“At the moment Sir is working on improving Miss Romanov’s widow’s bite and Mr. Barton’s arrows.” JARVIS said. “He has been working on this since about four in the morning.”
Steve looked up. “What? Do you know why? Is he okay?”
Steve on the other hand was picturing almost the same thing about Tony. Tony had already lost some definition in his core since they’d been together. He’d been working so much, all he wanted to do was come home afterward, instead of going to their gym and working out with Happy. In short, Tony had already gotten a little chubbier. That’s what made Steve so interested, he wanted to see how far he could take that.
Perfect, Steve thought. He felt some excitement run through him as he began getting out all the necessary cookware needed for his and Tony’s meal. He had decided to make a lasagna as he knew it was one of Tony’s favorites. After he was done preparing it, he stuck it in the oven to bake. For the first time Steve was grateful for Tony having two ovens on top of each other because he had also decided to bake an apple pie for dessert, he even had some vanilla ice cream in the freezer.
“You said this is crazy twice,” he says, teasing. “I love you, Tony, of course I want to try something that will make you happy. I’m kind of curious now, too. Maybe we should sleep on it though, see how we feel in the morning, just to be safe.”
Steve shrugged, “Maybe that’s something we need to explore later.” He winked, “I could definitely get behind seeing you literally burst out of your clothes.”
“Yes, basically. Really, I read about when people get turned on by being fed or feeding someone else, but weight gain is what it led me to.”
Steve groaned and let his hand drop, eyes closed. “Maybe.”
“Steve are we really going to try this? This is crazy. Which of us will it be? Wait, you already asked that. I don’t know Steve, this is crazy!”
They lay there, for a few more minutes before Steve suggested they watch a movie and settle in for bed.
“Are you happy? Are you happy here with me, the team, your life in general?” Steve looked down at Tony with a soft smile on his face and put his arms under Tony’s so he could close his hands around the middle of his belly.
The two men sat down near each other and Tony stared at him for a minute. “What? Do I have something on my face?” Steve ran his hand over his mouth and chin, but didn’t find anything weird.
“So, you’re gonna get fat together? To save your sex life?” Bucky wonders the next day, wiping down the counter of his and Natasha’s bar, then swats at Nat with the towel. Bucky and Natasha had opened this bar about five months ago, and they had a great business going. They’re in a perfect part of town, they have a lot of usual customers. Everybody loves the place.
“Look, I know it’s unhealthy, obviously, and to be honest, I don’t care what the press will think. Steve and I are doing this because we love each other and want the other to be happy. We came to this decision together, I’m not forcing him and he’s not forcing me. Besides, I’ve heard that people in happy, healthy relationships get fat together sometimes.” Tony’s tired of trying to convince them already. Can’t they just be happy for them? He supposes it’s their job to be skeptical though. They are just looking out for them after all. He just wishes they would trust that Tony’s done his research.
JARVIS continues,
Tony’s conversation with Pepper floats back through his head, and it clicks in his head that Steve really does seem to want him, not someone younger, not someone more his speed, he wants to do this with Tony. Tony laughs a little and then holds his hand out for Steve to take, “It’s nice to see you, too. Now let’s go, hon, I’m starving.
Still confused, Steve said “Tony you are not fat, what are you even talking about?”
“Tony, I can’t accept that. It’s too much! I really only need a room.” Steve told him.
Tony all but purred and melted back against his love. “I guess I am excited to have some new suits that will actually fit. I put off getting some for so long I thought the seams were going to go on my old ones.” After speaking, Tony tried to snuggle back into Steve’s chest, only to feel something harden against his lower back. He sat up and looked at Steve. “Really? Now?” He laughed, “Why did that turn you on?”
“Actually it’s what I can do for you,” Steve started, “I was asking JARVIS a little while ago where you always disappear to and it eventually came up that you had not eaten in almost twelve hours, so I come bearing food.”
“Slow down, would you? I won’t be happy if you choke to death.” Tony scolds, flicking the back of Steve’s head.
Steve joined the army right out of high school with his best friend Bucky, who was more like his brother than just his best friend. In the army he met Sam, and they all three were in the same unit. They did both of their tours together and then retired from the military after Bucky lost his arm to a grenade thrown at them while they were in enemy territory. Steve got a medal for saving dozens of soldiers that were trapped by the enemy, including Sam and Bucky.
“Oh, baby,” Steve said, coming around the bed to sit back against the headboard and pat the space between his legs. Tony sighed and began scooting backwards until his back was pressed against the soldier’s chest. “Remember what I told you when we first talked about this? You’ve never cared about what people think before, so don’t start now. Tony, are you happy?”
“Point. I just missed you.” Tony says as he begins to kiss down Steve’s chest. When he gets to Steve’s stomach, he pauses for just a second too long, thinking back to what he’d learned earlier.
Tony kissed Steve once on the neck, where he could reach. “You don’t look so bad yourself, soldier.” They pulled apart and grabbed each other’s hand, walking toward the door that lead to the elevator.
Tony’s eyes widened and he looked at Steve, his big brown eyes looked almost hopeful. “What did you say?”
When Steve was invited to live with the team in Avengers Tower, he feels relieved. He had been getting sick of being Fury’s lap dog, so he said goodbye to his shitty SHIELD apartment and packed his bags. Well, more like his one bag and his shield. Showing up at the Tower, he gave his name at the front desk and was shown to the private elevator.
But anyway, when he notices it, it’s because of the way Steve is lying with him on the couch. Tony had gotten to the couch first so when Steve showed up he’d plopped down so his head was in Tony’s lap and he was on his back. A movement caught the corner of his eye and when he turned his head he just about stopped breathing. Steve was slowly moving his thumb back and forth across the lower curve of his slightly protruding belly, and now that he had noticed it he couldn’t look away. It didn’t seem that Steve realized he was doing it, the unconscious movement was slow and gentle and Tony wondered how he hadn’t noticed it before. Through the rest of the movie Tony couldn’t focus on anything except Steve’s movements, so when the credits start to roll and Steve looks up at him softly with a sleepy smile on his face Tony smiles back the same way and says, “Hey, big guy. Let’s get you to bed, huh?”
“I’m ready, handsome,” Tony said, much softer, and kissed Steve’s cheek before slowly making his way down Steve’s neck. “…Can we maybe have dessert before lunch?”
“Tony, it’s your money, you can buy what you want,” Pepper laughed. “I’m going to go try to find this Steve Rogers and see if we can meet him.”
Steve thought this date night was a success.
Steve chuckles, “No, nothing. I just wanted to say it’s nice to see you. I’ve been looking forward to this all week.”
Steve blushed again, “Honestly, it’s just the view from the roof of my apartment building. I was up there sketching out something for an entirely different painting, but when I saw the sunset, I knew I had to try and recreate it.” He smiled, pride showing in his face. “It’s hard to copy some things, and paintings will never equal what the human eye sees, but I needed to give it a shot.”
“Gross, you have food in your mouth, nasty! Chew and swallow before you decide to be sassy.” Regardless, Tony went over to Steve and moved him so that Tony could hug him and just rest against him. “How was your day?”
Steve nods and sits up to get to his feet. Tony can’t help but notice that while Steve pauses to stretch before getting up, his small but now noticeable belly is a bit more prominent than Tony expected it would be. Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s neck once he’s up and pulls him in for a soft kiss.
“Yes please. I’d like to have a date night with him if possible.” Steve was already thinking of things to do for his lover. He wanted Tony to know how special he was to him and tried to come up with ideas for the night. Maybe cook him a nice dinner and then spend the rest of the night in bed? That sounded good to Steve, he hoped it would sound good to Tony, too.
Tony finally seemed to relax, and he melted against Steve’s chest. “Okay, I guess you can show me,” he teased. Let’s go, big guy. I’m eager to see just how you feel.”
Steve nodded in agreement before releasing Tony and grabbing his hand to pull him to their room. When they got to the room Steve took a moment to just admire this gorgeous man, cheeks still flushed and one hand running up and down the side of his belly. Steve pulled him over so Tony was standing at the edge of the bed before leaning in to give him one more chaste kiss. After they separated, Steve reached up to begin unbuttoning Tony’s noticeably tighter button down, feeling the firmness underneath. As he got the button down from Tony’s body, he began pulling the man’s undershirt over his head. When both shirts were on the floor Steve began to kiss from Tony’s jaw down his neck and eventually kneeled to continue kissing down his body onto his stomach. Tony, still standing, reached down to put both hands in Steve’s blonde hair. He tilted his head back and moaned at the kisses and little nips Steve was delivering to his taut skin.
“Steve!” Tony hissed, but you could tell there was some amusement in his tone as well.
“How’s Happy?” Tony asks, looking at her. Now, Tony’s not the most observant person in the world, but even he can see the difference being with Happy has made in her. They, Pepper and Tony, had tried to date once, but in the end they decided they’re better off as friends. Pepper deserves the world and Tony wasn’t the one who would be able to give it to her, Happy seems to be able to.
to do this.”
“So, what exactly do you do now, Tony? I know you used to be CEO, but then you gave your entire company over to your secretary, what does that leave you with?” Steve asks with such open curiosity, Tony thought it was totally endearing.
When Steve’s not breathing hard anymore he lifts his head to smile at Tony, looking completely blissed out. Tony tries to memorize how Steve looks right now. He’s slumping forward a bit with his hands still in Tony’s hair, which is pushing his belly out further. His legs have relaxed which really gives away how fat and thick his thighs are. His pecs are flabby too, soft and looking like they need to be cupped in Tony’s hands. Next time.
“Actually I,” he says, stressing the ‘I’, “have finally gotten a date. Steve and I are going to a place he knows tonight.” He swallows, looking at Pepper. She grows serious.
“Oh man, I didn’t need to know that! My virgin ears!” Clint exclaimed dramatically, throwing his hands in the air and rolling his eyes.
“Yeah, that sounds like a good plan.” Tony says, lying down on his side and scooting back towards Steve. “I love you, Steve. Thank you for everything you do for me.”
“JARVIS?” Steve asked.
Steve took a moment to really study Tony. Now that he was looking he could kind of see what Tony was talking about. Tony’s face was a bit more round, and when he crossed his arms it was easy to see that his biceps were bigger and a little less defined than they had been. The biggest thing Steve noticed though was that Tony’s belly curved out maybe three inches farther than it used to. He looked back up at Tony’s face and looked him in the eye.
“Of course, Captain. I will let you know when the pizza is here.” Steve nodded and grabbed some drinks from the fridge before also heading to their bedroom.
“No, why would I do that? We’re friends and I don’t want to potentially ruin that. I don’t know what I would do if I didn’t have that anymore.” He looked down.
This only served to make Tony angrier. “I weighed myself this morning when I noticed that all my t-shirts were feeling tighter than normal. I have gained thirty fucking pounds since you moved in.”
“Not a problem, gorgeous,” Tony responded after getting over his initial shock and taking off his sunglasses. “I’d get knocked into a thousand times if it was someone who looked like you do. Tony Stark,” he said holding out his hand to shake.
“So, what do you think?” Tony asks, “Who should it be?”
“Love you, Pep, thank you for everything you do for me.” Tony’s suddenly struck with emotion after her speech.
“You’re being stupid, if he wanted someone younger, he wouldn’t have exchanged numbers with you in the first place. He’s not going to be let down Tony, you’re the most intelligent– “
“No, no, it’s okay. No, we’re not together anymore, she broke up with me after the nuke incident during the Battle.” Tony sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face and blowing out a deep breath. “She told me she couldn’t handle being with someone who constantly put his life on the line and made her worry all the time. I understand though, and it makes sense. We’ve been very close for a long time, but I don’t think we were meant to last in the long run.
“I’m confused. You’re not bored, but you’re not satisfied either?”
“Shut up, birdbrain. You wish you were as lucky as me, I mean look at him.” Tony said looking to Steve again with a real smile this time.
“Tony, are you sure? I don’t know if I like this.” Pepper says with her head in her hands. “This is really unhealthy when it’s on accident, I feel like it’s unhealthier when you’re choosing to do it. And Tony, what about the press? They’re going to tear you apart as soon as it so much as looks like you’re getting bigger.”
” Tony’s smile widens, and he feels giddy even thinking about seeing Steve again. Those blue, blue eyes pop into his head again and he knows he’s already too far gone for this guy. All week they’ve been talking about little things, how their days were going, little bits of happenings with their friends. Every day there was a ‘good morning’ and ‘goodnight’ message; well, more of Tony saying ‘good morning’ and ‘goodnight’ to Steve because he hardly sleeps (something Steve disapproves of heavily). Tony’s odd hours are the reason they haven’t been able to go on that date, he’s had meetings and hours to put in down in R&D, and when he has slept it’s been at weird times. Some days it’s been four or five in the morning before he goes to sleep, some days it’s been two in the afternoon. Good thing Steve understands.
Steve walked up behind him and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist from behind, so he could place his left hand on top of Tony’s. “You’re thinking about what that lady said aren’t you?”
“Maybe,” Steve responded, with his own laugh. He sat on the bed and scooted so he was right up against Tony’s side so they were both sitting in the middle. At some point after finishing the pizza Tony somehow ended up lying with his head in Steve’s lap, Steve’s hand rubbing Tony’s right shoulder and running his fingers through the brown locks. As they both started to doze about halfway through the movie, Tony reached up and grabbed Steve’s hand off his shoulder and just held it.
“That sounds good.” He walks back over to Steve, from where he’d been at the sink. He wraps his arms around Steve’s neck. “Are you ready for this? This is big.”
“Of course we can. Go get a movie set up in our room, I’ll order food.” Tony nodded and headed to the hallway that led to their bedroom. “JARVIS could you order the usual from Joe’s, please?”
After getting to the party the shift in conversation was blatantly obvious. Voices turned into whispers between groups, and laughter all but came to a halt. Steve looked around the room for the rest of the team, who he found over by the door to the balcony, all with drinks in their hands and talking amongst themselves. It looked like Clint and Bruce were talking about something, while Nat was just looking around, watching people with suspicious eyes. He then looked at Tony who Steve could tell was nervous, but outwardly he looked confident and had his press smile on. He looked at Steve with insecurity in his eyes that practically begged him to find somewhere for them to go. Steve nodded and walked the two of them over to the bar to get drinks before walking them over to where the team was.
“Man, Natasha’s going to be so proud!” Steve exclaimed, and both of them lost it, laughing so hard they had tears in their eyes.
“Fuck,” Tony whispered, dragging out the ‘uh’ sound. “I’m close too,” He breathed. Both of their movements got more frantic as they both climbed toward their orgasms, until finally one perfect thrust into Tony’s prostate sent him over the edge, cum spurting onto Steve’s chest, walls again clenching around Steve which brought him right with him. As Tony slumped back against Steve’s knees, he was breathing hard, his round belly moving up and down quickly. They both trembled for a minute before Steve grabbed Tony’s soft hips and rolled them to the side, so they were facing each other. For a moment they both just stared into each other’s eyes, breathing hard. Eventually Steve sighed and got up. “Steeeve,” Tony whined, “Where are you going?” He asked with a pout.
, but finally Friday came around. He hadn’t told Tony about date night, deciding he wanted it to be a surprise. At about 4 in the afternoon he’d checked with JARVIS to make sure Tony was nice and busy.
“Where does Tony disappear to all the time? We never really see him around except for movie nights.”
Tony took a deep breath and thought for just a second before he ultimately nodded his head. Steve reached over to run a hand down Tony’s stomach before pulling his hand back up to grab the fork sitting next to his plate. Loading up a good-sized bite he raised it to Tony’s mouth and hummed as Tony accepted it. Tony had his eyes closed as he chewed, as if he were trying to concentrate. As he swallowed Steve got another bite ready, and then another and another until the pie and the ice cream were both gone. He stood up to gather the dishes and put them in the sink and moved on to putting both the rest of the pie and the rest of the lasagna into some Tupperware and setting them in the fridge. When he turned around to look back at Tony, the man was back to pushing gently on his stomach, presumably to help shift the food around while he digested.
Tony smiled half-heartedly and took the cup, his other hand having not left Peter’s. Steve smiled back, but it faded as soon as he turned to look at their son. “Anything yet?”
“I’m so sorry Steve…” Tony whispered, barely audible and not able to look at the super soldier as he passed.
“Peter?” Tony spoke softly, raising his face plate and kneeling beside the broken boy.
“Come on Peter, eat up.”
“D-dad?” he whispered hoarsely, opening his eye slightly.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “Oh, come on. It can’t be
“Cap…Steve…” he whispered. But when he looked up, Steve already had his shoes on and was sliding on a thick, green hoodie, leaving it open.
Tony’s head whipped around to face his husband, brown eyes wide with hope and fear at the news that would follow.
“Let’s go home,” he murmured.
Tony was cut off by the gentle press of Steve’s lips against his. He hadn’t even seemed to register the touch of Steve’s fingers under his chin, guiding him slowly to the blonde. Steve took his time, keeping it chaste but letting himself linger and savour the feeling. He broke the kiss when the doors opened again.
“Boys! I’m here. You said that dinner was at six so I came a bit early to get Peter and—”
Steve heard rustling again and Tony’s voice took up the line once again.
Rogers looked at her like she had three heads. Tony started: “Of course we want him you stu-!” Steve quickly composed himself and cut Stark off, “Yes. We are definitely sure.”
“What the…?”
bad.” He then proceeded to put the spoon that Peter had consistently refused to take in his mouth. Tony, and Peter it seemed, watched in anticipation as Steve’s face changed from sceptical to disgusted in 0.2 seconds.
Tony became worried when Steve wouldn’t say any more. He set his cup down. “Did he say anything else?” He was afraid of the answer.
Steve smiled but he could not think of anything to say. It was like his brain had stopped functioning and was simply content with knowing that Tony,
“I wouldn’t have called you otherwise.”
Steve eased closer to the edge, “Tony?” he said hesitantly.
“Num num,” Peter babbled, and opened his mouth for more even before Tony had the chance to get another spoonful.
He hadn’t realized that he had stayed silent. “Uh, yes. I’ll be there right away. Is there a situation?” He began gathering his things, sliding the busted bags in their designated spot. Since he’d started coming to that gym, he’d made a bit of an arrangement with the staff; he would pay extra for all of the punching bags he’d need and they had them repaired or discarded. All of his actions stopped, however, when he heard Coulson’s next words:
He lifted his head to meet his husband’s eyes, his own brimming with tears as his voice broke, “He might never wake up, Tony.”
“DAMMIT!”
“What is it? What’s wrong?” The words tumbled out faster and laced with more fear than he intended.
“Tony have you--oh Peter…” He took in the sight below him of his injured boy. Turning in the direction of the ambulances he shouted, “Medic! We need a medic over here ASAP!”
“Captain Rogers? It’s Agent Coulson. You’re needed at S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters as soon as possible.”
Steve began going faster, one hand reaching up to cup and massage Tony’s balls. Tony let out a small gasp at the added stimulation and could feel himself coming closer to the edge.
Peter took hold of a fistful of Steve’s shirt and snuggled closer.
Peter nodded vigorously.
Tony felt Steve’s muscles tighten beneath his touch, felt his breath hitch against his neck and then he was spilling over into Tony’s hand and softly moaning Tony’s name.
Tony continued to lead the conversation as they slowly made their way to the Tower and Steve let him, content with listening to him speak with a passion and honesty not normally present in his day-to-day meetings and chats with the rest of the team--except perhaps with Bruce.
Tony’s mind could not formulate a response. He just stared. Before him, Steve was incredibly and perfectly naked. He could only gape at the sight and watch as Steve slunk forward, a smug smile playing on his lips.
Tony looked relieved, but only slightly. It was only then, when he saw the pain written on his lover’s face, pain too strong to be physical, that he remembered.
“Mostly my head, I think, and my back, but I can move…” he said, voice rough and pained from the vice-grip on his throat earlier.
"Tony…" His name came out almost as a whine from Steve’s lips.
“Hello?”
When he was finished, Peter had all of the proper cookies picked out and chose a new reindeer plate for them, one that Tony had just rolled his eyes at in the store but that Steve had insisted was adorable and that they couldn’t go without it. Steve poured new milk into a, sturdier, mug and followed Peter, who was carrying the cookies ever-so-carefully, into the living room.
Beneath his usual professional exterior, Steve could hear the concern in Coulson’s voice. He didn’t want to be worried, didn’t want to care, wanted to say that Tony was no longer his priority or his problem, but he couldn’t.
And sure enough, when Tony ran down to the lab, the Captain America suit and shield were gone. As if to prove to himself that it wasn’t true, he raced upstairs to the room he and Steve shared and proceeded to open the drawers Steve stored his clothing in. All were empty. He threw open the closet doors to find half of it full of his own suits, shirts, and pants, but the other half held only a few empty hangers. Tony ran both hands through his hair in disbelief and took a step back. He was gone. He was really gone. He obviously didn’t have any plans of returning if he took everything--
Steve laughed softly and reached up to grab the back of Tony’s neck and pull him into a deep kiss. Tony wound his hands in Steve’s gorgeous blond locks and began to gently massage his scalp. Steve was working on pulling Tony’s shirt off when they heard a slight scuffling followed by a
“So, since we both seemed to enjoy ourselves and this date didn’t end in fire, disaster, or villainous interruption, maybe we could go out again? Obviously only if you wanted to, I understand if this feels like more of a one time thing to you, an “end it before it crashes” type deal. You don’t need to try and spare my feelings either, I’d rather you be up front about it. Although if you do want to try a second date I know this great penthouse restaurant with a spectacular view of the city and a private art gallery just around the corner. This is, again, only if you
“Really really.”
Tony had removed the last of the rubble and was scanning Peter, “He has extensive surface injuries and some internal bleeding; we need to get him out of here now.”
He picked up one of the extra spoons Steve had brought out, since Peter had a tendency to knock things on the floor, and pulled out another chair to sit next to his husband.
Tony smiled immediately. “Steve, I didn’t think you’d still be up-” He froze when he turned the kitchen light on.
He downed that glass and made to get back to his work.
“I will. I promise, I will,” he whispered.
Steve and Tony both froze at the new voice and turned to see Natasha, paused mid-step in the archway to the complete mess that used to be the kitchen. Not missing a beat and not bothering to let either man explain themselves, she gracefully stepped around the splats of puree and whisked the applesauce-coated Peter from his high chair, who giggled gleefully at the sight of his favourite aunt.
“I was afraid that you and Daddy might not get your presents because of me…”
“STEVE!!!”
"Tease…" Tony complained as he wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck to pull him down.
Steve was already rushing down the hall to get his suit and shield, likewise, Tony ran to the lab for his armour.
Steve laughed softly; leave it to Tony to know how to cheer him up in any situation. “Didn’t you learn how to respect your elders?”
“Pepper!” He gave her a cold and emotionless look, “You’re distracting me from my work.” And with that, he slid his welding goggles back on and reabsorbed himself into his work.
Steve’s heart plummeted through his chest. It just wasn’t possible. This was not happening.
Steve tried to avoid the stare he knew Natasha was giving him, but when she cleared her throat he finally looked up. She didn’t say anything, just looked at him with one perfect eyebrow raised.
“Well what about you mister Stark, are you normally here or at your headquarters in Malibu? I want to know about the ‘genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist’ I’ve heard so much about on television.”
After getting the pizza from the delivery boy Steve wandered into the kitchen to get some plates and napkins before heading back to the bedroom. When he walked in Tony had a movie ready to go and was doing something on his tablet while leaning on the pillows he’d set up against the headboard. Steve studied him for a moment from the doorway. The man finally looked a little more serene than he had in the last couple of hours, which made Steve smile. He didn’t like when Tony was upset, especially about stupid things like some snobby lady’s opinion.
“Mon Capitan! Welcome to our casa!” Tony exclaimed, “You’re the last one to show up, rude by the way, we were just trying to decide what to get for lunch. Have a preference?”
“No, never.” His answer comes immediately. Steve smiles, and Tony leans back to study his new body. He runs his hands up Steve’s back, still somewhat toned but softer too. He glides his fingers down his much thicker biceps. Tony takes Steve’s right hand into his and pulls it up to press a kiss to his palm. Steve breathe’s a laugh and grab’s Tony’s hips to push them flush against each other and Tony’s hands travel down to his nicely rounded butt. “Honestly... I kinda love it.” He whispers the last four words into Steve’s ear while simultaneously squeezing Steve’s bottom and pushing his hardening cock into Steve’s.
“It’s not to save our sex life, Buck. Our sex life is very good, trust me,” Steve blushes, “it’s to make it even better! We’re excited to start this, we’re excited to see where it’s going to go. We haven’t been this happy to try anything new in a long time.” Steve expresses, clearly enthused. “This is something intimate between us and we’re ready to make the changes.”
“I thought you just heard me, Tony I think it’s
Steve takes a moment before softly saying, “Does it bother you?”
“Ewwww, you guys are gross,” Clint says, making a face. Next to him Natasha smacks the back of his head before standing gracefully. “I’m just saying...”
“Because we need to throw a little fun in here and I know how much you love to dance. Come on, let’s go,” He turned Tony around and smacked his ass lightly to get him moving.
“Yeah, well I don’t know, I just thought we could all use a place to call home. Not shitty SHIELD apartments and barracks. I think we’ve earned the right to be able to relax for a while and have a secure place to stay.” Tony rubbed the back of his neck and had a faint blush on his cheeks.
“Hello,” said Natasha as she leaned in to give Tony a hug and kiss on the cheek before rubbing her hand over Steve’s shoulder in greeting. “It’s about time you guys showed up.”
Tony pulled his pants up and buttoned them. Steve paused in getting Tony’s shirt to settle the waistband on his dress pants underneath the curve of his belly. He finally pulled Tony’s shirt open and helped him get his arms in the sleeves. Steve spun him around and put his hands on Tony’s cheeks to give him another soft kiss before reaching down to begin buttoning the shirt from the bottom up. Tony tucked his shirt in after it was done and looked up at Steve to smile at him lovingly before picking up his shoes and dropping them on the floor so he could sit on the bed and bend over to put them on after his socks.
The guy blushed and ducked his head with a shy smile. He looked at Tony and grasped his hand. “Steve Rogers.”
“–sweet, charming guy I know, you’ll be fine. He’s been talking to you this long because he wants to, not because he feels obligated.” Ah Pepper. Always his voice of reason. He’ll need a reminder to buy her some new Louboutin’s.
“Perfect! Let’s go then,” Tony starts to walk away with Steve, but the man stops him with a hand on his arm. Tony pauses and looks at Steve with curiosity. The other man is blushing again, with his head tilted down. “What’s wrong, handsome?”
“Well in the process, you’re in danger of overthinking it. Just let it happen Tony, you deserve happiness. See where this goes. Now, I’m going home, to my husband, and to my dinner. You go home and get ready to see your boy tonight.” Pepper ruffles his hair as she walks by.
“Then get bigger.” Tony smiles, like it’s just that easy. “I can help you if you like, maybe we could start cooking together every night or something. Anything you want, Steve.” He cups Steve’s cheek with his palm and kisses him slowly.
“—should do it.” Tony finishes. “Well, fuck. What do we do now?”
“Here, I made us both BLTs.” He handed him the plate and Tony gestured over to the comfortable looking futon over in front of a wall mounted TV.
He waited again, and finally there was a quiet, “I’m fine, go away.” Steve couldn’t tell whether Tony sounded sad or mad, but he knew it was one of the two.
?” Tony asks, “Like really, really sure? This is a very real, life altering decision Steve, this will change our lives. And what about the others? Are they going to judge us? What will people say?” Tony worries. What are their friends going to say? How did Tony not think of this before?
Tony hummed, which made Steve shiver from the vibrations. Tony continued swallowing him down until Steve was whimpering and on the edge of his orgasm. Tony reached up and massaged Steve’s balls until Steve came down his throat and he swallowed his spend.
“I want you to fuck me,” Tony groaned, “I need you inside of me.” He whined when Steve thought he was done talking and added an absolutely wrecked ‘please, Steve’.
“No, people in happy, healthy relationships
Tony met his eyes. “She was actually my personal assistant, and she runs that company better than I ever did. She doesn’t mind meeting after meeting every day. I run the Research and Development section of the company now, so instead of a lot of meetings I actually get to play with the toys,” he says, grinning. “it’s my favorite part of the job. I like to create things, make something new out of old parts, building new things entirely. I like to test limits,” Tony keeps talking, telling Steve all about his plans for everything from cell phones to clean energy, and Steve just sits there and listens, asking questions in the right places and nodding when he’s supposed to.
Tony laughed before picking himself up to seat himself on Steve’s dick. He took another moment to adjust before raising himself up again and dropping back down.
he thought with a snort. Yeah, right. He and Steve are both in good shape, Steve being in better shape after his time in the military and from when he used to teach that self defense class with Nat. Tony definitely didn’t want to gain weight, and he knew Steve wouldn’t want to either. “Nah, go ahead and toss that one JARVIS, I think we’ll pass.”
Steve chuckled, “No sweetheart, I just thought you might enjoy a night to relax and unwind. It’s been a while since we’ve had a date night.”
“Thank you for that. I love you,” Tony said. “I couldn’t take any more of what that woman was saying. Fucking rude old bat.”
“Too late! It’s already all renovated and everything. At this point it would be rude to turn it down,” He stated with amusement in his eyes. “Come on, Steve, I insist.” Steve wanted to argue, but he was caught up on the fact that Tony had called him by his actual name. That was the first time he’d heard it come out of Tony’s mouth.
“…Fine,” Tony acquiesces, “we can do both of us. When do we start?”
“That sounds perfect,” Tony says before sitting up quickly to pull the blanket up from where it was bunched up at the foot of the bed. While he’s up Steve moves to fix the pillows so they’d both be comfortable before lying down on his back, head and shoulders propped up. Tony brings the blanket up moves Steve’s arm away from his chest so Tony could curl up on his side with Steve’s arm around him and his hand resting against Steve’s chest. Steve turned his head to kiss Tony once again, this time on the forehead before asking JARVIS to queue up a movie for them to most likely fall asleep halfway through, but they didn’t care. They didn’t really care about anything outside of their little bubble right now, both totally serene to lie together and doze off.
“Yes, it is,” Tony laughed, “But it’s alright because I’m grateful for it.” They just smiled at each other for a minute.
Steve moaned, both at the loss of contact and the offer. He nodded and opened his eyes to stare at Tony’s beautiful brown ones. Tony smiled and got down on his knees in front of his boyfriend, tugging at his underwear until Steve lifted his pelvis up so they could be pulled down. He wrapped his hand around Steve’s length and ran his thumb over the tip where the precum was beading out. He looked up at Steve again before putting his cock into his mouth. He swirled his tongue over the tip of Steve’s dick and swallowed him down.
“Hold on,” Steve laughed, walking to the bathroom to get a damp washcloth. Coming back out to the bed, he saw that Tony had rolled over onto his back and was still breathing hard, heavy belly still moving up and down. Steve walked over and cleaned them both off before throwing the cloth in the general direction of the laundry basket by the closet. He crawled back onto the bed and moved to Tony, lying down on his side and throwing his arm over his boyfriend, resting it right in between where Tony’s chest rounded out into his belly.
Four months later, Tony had packed on another ten pounds. Although he was more confident than he was when he first noticed he’d gotten bigger there were still days where he needed more reassurance. Today, this came in the form of Tony refusing to get ready for a charity event taking place tonight.
Tony just groaned and sat up from where he had been lying on his back on the bed. Steve thought it was adorable, but these days his lover had to do a little roll to the side before he could get himself up. He didn’t know if Tony realized he did this, but Steve wasn’t going to be the one to tell him. His boyfriend’s rounded belly got in the way now and seeing it in action always got him a little hot and bothered.
“You want to know what’s wrong?” He all but growled. “This is what’s fucking wrong,” He began to pull off the baggy MIT sweater Steve had just noticed he was wearing. Once he had it off, he was still wearing a black wifebeater tank top. He stared at Steve and put his hands on his hips. “I had to order bigger clothes today, Steve. I have been the same god damn size since I was nineteen years old. This is your fault, you and your shitty decision to make me fat.”
Chapter one
“Sir spends most of his time in his workshop, he enjoys tinkering with his designs and has a hobby of working on cars. When he is not in the workshop, he can normally be found on the Stark Industries Research and Development floor.” Ah, Steve understood now.
“Hey, soldier,” Tony says, “you ready to go?”
“Yeah, what she said.” Bucky says, also shrugging. Natasha glares at him, jabbing him with her elbow. “Ow, woman. She’s right Stevie, we just want you two happy.”
When he got to their room, he saw that Tony was standing in front of the mirror staring at himself with an odd look on his face. He was resting his left hand on his belly again and was turning side to side slightly to see different angles. He had already changed out of his dress pants and was now wearing some dark gray sweatpants that hung loosely off his hips and no shirt.
you want from this?”
“What ever you say, Nat,” He laughs, “I’m sure Tony will take that very well.”
“Pep, slow down.” Rhodey says with a hand on her arm, “Let’s hear him out.”
Steve grinned and got up to get the pie out of the oven where it was being kept warm, and while on his way back to the table he grabbed a spatula, an ice cream scoop and the ice cream itself. He set it all down on the table and removed the last of the tray of lasagna out of the way so there was room. Tony was still leaned back in his chair, gently pushing his fingers into his stomach with his eyes closed. When he heard Steve set everything down, he finally opened his eyes and looked at the new spread in front of him.
Now Tony’s thinking about it again, and briefly an image of Steve being a little bigger flitted through his mind. “Yeah, sorry. Something just popped into my head.” He replied, shaking his head, as if to shake the image away. He was confused, he’d never been in to this before, why was he interested in it now?
“You’re the most beautiful person I have ever seen, Steve, I never want you to doubt that. Ever.”
“No, no, no I was going to buy it anyway, my CEO was just going to look for you when you showed up so we could meet you beforehand. On that topic, I wonder where she went…” Tony turned, looking around and catching Pepper’s eye from across the gallery. She pointed at Steve, gave Tony a nod and turned back to the woman she was talking to. “So, you’re from around here, mister artist?”
“You don’t have to say anything. If you don’t feel the same, I’ll understand. I don’t want you to feel pressured. I can leave if you want me to, I’ll give you some space.” Steve said as he dropped his hands and took a step back. Tony still just looked shocked and seemed to be searching Steve’s face for something. “If you want to talk, I’ll be upstairs on my floor.” He leaned forward cautiously and kissed Tony’s forehead. He turned around to leave the shop, and was almost to the door when he heard a small “wait!”
“You’re gorgeous Tony. You had to have noticed how I feel about you.” Steve chuckled, “I know I didn’t outright tell you, which I should’ve, but I think everyone else knows. I’ve been trying to figure out how to tell you for months now. I just didn’t want to risk losing you as my best friend if you didn’t feel the same.”
This last year had been a rollercoaster of emotions, but Tony was very happy with where everyone was in his life. First, Steve’s mom (who is Tony’s favorite person in the world, besides her son) had gotten sick, but thankfully she’d pulled through and was recovering at the rate that is expected. Tony had never seen someone cry the way Steve cried when he found out she was sick. That was about 3 months into their relationship.
“I don’t know, Tony. Which one of us would it be?” Steve asks.
“How do you want it, sweetheart?” Steve asked, nuzzling his face against Tony’s cheek.
“I come bearing sustenance!” Steve exclaimed, smiling, when he finally left the door to walk into the room.
“Let’s dance.” Steve said.
Tony laughed when Steve turned around a hurried out the door to the elevator.
“I love you, Tony Stark. More than anything.”
Steve chuckled breathlessly before aligning himself with Tony’s entrance, pushing in with one quick move. Tony let out another gasp, “Give me a sec,” he said before whispering to himself, “Oh fuck, holy shit, Steve, oh my god.”
Eventually Steve looked around the lab until he saw the food he’d made. “That food is cold, but how do you feel about coming to my floor to have some lunch? I know you didn’t eat breakfast, so you have to be hungry.”
“What, am I getting too boring for you?”
“Mr. Stark!” A voice said off to his left. He told Pepper he’d be right back and turned to see who was calling him.
Warm, soft lips press a kiss to Tony’s temple, making him look up into soft blue eyes. The two smile at each other for a moment before Steve’s hand intertwines with his and he pulls him up to their bedroom. As they enter the room Steve moves toward the closet to grab a pair of sweats to sleep in. Tony goes into the bathroom to brush his teeth before coming out just in time to see Steve pull his t-shirt off and Tony couldn’t have stopped staring even if he wanted to. Steve looks softer, still strong and sturdy but covered with a layer of fat that makes his muscles look less defined. His belly does indeed round out a few more inches than it used to, and Steve is even loosening the draw string on his sweats at that exact moment, not looking bothered by anything at all. Tony leans against the doorway of the bathroom and watches his boyfriend adjust the waistband on his pajamas until he’s comfortable, before Steve looks up at him. Freezing for a second, as if waiting for Tony to acknowledge his new weight, insecurity clear on his face.
is the artist he was looking for. He looked the man over, taking in all of him. So far, he seemed too good to be true. Sweet, gorgeous, polite, this guy was perfect. “Ah, so you’re Steve Rogers, I was just admiring your painting! Where did you get the inspiration for it?”
“Holy cow,” Steve said, eyes wide. He was definitely going to make something for Tony too, “Do you think he’d mind if I brought him some dinner?”
There was a pause and then, thankfully, the glass became clear again and the door slid open. Tony continued working with his back to Steve and that just wasn’t going to do. Steve walked to Tony and put his hand on his shoulder slowly, and he felt him tense up. “Tony, please talk to me, I don’t even know what I did. What’s wrong?” Tony spun around and angrily looked at Steve.
Tony gathers the courage to tell Steve what he’s been thinking about, worrying that Steve would think it was weird. Hell, Tony thought it was pretty weird. “It’s just something I read earlier while I was doing our research. It’s kind of weird, but I can’t seem to shake it.” Steve just stares at him in question. “…Weight gain.” Tony says and looks away from him.
“Shit,” Steve’s voice broke on the word. He finally entered a finger into Tony, causing the man’s breath to hitch while his walls contracted around Steve’s digit.
“Thank you, JARVIS, I’ll be out to get it in a moment.” Steve released Tony and led him to the bed. “Now you get comfy, pick a movie, and I’ll go get the food.” Tony made his way to his side of the bed and sat down, moving his pillows around to make one a little table that would sit on his lap.
“Really?” Tony wondered, a small smile on his face.
During those last months Steve had noticed more changes in Tony. His appetite had continued growing a little bit, slowly but surely, and Tony began taking snacks with him when he’d go down to the lab or stealing food off Steve’s plate when Tony was on his way out the door. He took note of the fact that Tony had been getting seconds and sometimes thirds at dinner when it was something he especially enjoyed. Steve tried to make things he enjoyed more often than he probably should have, but he was happy with how healthy Tony’s appetite had become.
“You’re still thinking about it aren’t you?” He smirked, walking towards Steve, swaying his hips slightly.
“If I say yes can we get pizza?” Tony stuck out his bottom lip in a pout. Right as he answered his stomach grumbled too.
Getting back up to their floor, the elevator door opened, and Tony began stripping his suit off. Steve laughed and began to help him, doing exactly the opposite of what he’d done to help him get ready. “Are you hungry?” He asked, feeling his own stomach growl.
Tony walked in looking confused, he paused at the door and looked around, taking in the food on the table with the candle and noticing the dimmed lights. As Tony studied the room Steve studied him, looking over his messy hair that he’d obviously been running his fingers through. He noticed that Tony was still in some dress pants and a button down from when he’d gone down to the R&D floor this morning to look at some designs. His big brown eyes eventually fell on Steve as he realized what was going on.
“Sorry, dear,” Steve says, sticking his tongue out at Tony.
Tony took a quick breath before exhaling, “Ready.”
“Tony. You are not fat.” He insisted.
He thought about Tony, stuffing himself with all the food he could, until his cheeks were rosy, and he was struggling to take deep breaths. He pictured himself sitting on his knees in front of the genius with his own hands on Tony’s belly, softly massaging to help the food settle. Tony would be letting out soft little whines when he shifted to get more comfortable. “Fuck.” He whispered to himself.
He heard the shower start as he put the outfit down on the bed and began to undress, but his body was still buzzing with the thought of Tony tearing his seams or popping his buttons. He paused in getting changed and sat down in just his underwear. He palmed himself through his jeans and breathed out slowly, trying to will his erection down. He just couldn’t seem to get the image out of his head. Since Tony had first started to gain, he tended to eat until he felt like he would burst, and he insisted that if he was going to indulge himself from now on, he’d do it without shame.
“Tony I’m not going to go away, I want to know what’s wrong? What did I do? Please let me help. I don’t want you mad at me.” He begged. “Please just let me in.” Steve felt like the air was knocked out of him.
Everything changed though when one day Steve had made lunch for them, Steve had been gone during breakfast because of an appointment with Fury. As he started to make his way to the elevator JARVIS spoke up. “Captain Rogers, I’m afraid Sir had initiated a black out in his lab and is not allowing anyone in or answering phone calls.”
