“Holy shit,” he mutters to himself as Cas crosses the street and disappears into his studio, then fistpumps into the air. “I got a date!”
“…Dean… discovered… in danger—get out… got to go… safe…—ove you.”
"Sam," Sam corrects from the backseat, then puts his other headphone over his ear and gives Dean a knowing look in the rearview mirror.
Castiel tries to pull himself together, and gives Dean a small nod. Almost a hundred and fifty years, and he
Show some love to the original
“Cas, is everything okay?” she asks, leaning against the doorframe to his office—because he has one of those, now that he’s an assistant collection manager, which is a little crazy to think about. It’s so nice to have his own space to spread out, and even better that he’s still down in the peace and quiet of the museum basement.
Castiel hurriedly flattens down his hair as best he can, then checks himself over once more. He may as well leave now, so he’ll spend less time overthinking everything. The sooner they can get tonight over with, and get Dean some answers, the better.
It’s made other parts of his life easier, too. Work is much more enjoyable now that he’s not throwing everything he possibly can into it, and he feels so much more relaxed when he doesn’t have that constant Dean-related doubt playing in the back of his mind. Instead, he can just focus on doing what he loves.
Enjoy!
And blinks away.
collections manager, if Adler gets what he deserves, but he doesn’t dare bring himself to hope just yet).
On the night that Dean drags Castiel down to the ice rink, the stars are out and it’s cold enough that their breath mists frostily in front of their face.
Dean shrugs, still chuckling softly. “Doesn’t matter, man. I like cooking with you, it’s been ages since I’ve done this with anyone. Used to do it with my mom, until I moved out here.”
But before he can say it, Cas leans forward and kisses him one more time.
“You’re really going to come into a gay bar,” he growls, anger laced so thickly through his voice that it seems to take the guy aback, “and try to
The man is wielding a dagger—an
Dean closes his eyes for a moment, then exhales a shaky breath and looks over to where Sam is still sitting beside his grave. He has his head in his hands, and his large frame is somewhat hunched, as though he’s trying his best to curl in on himself.
“How are y’all doing?”
Dean stands off to one side, his arms folded and wings tucked in close. None of the new hunters have ever seen an angel before, and while usually Dean would keep his wings hidden to avoid being gawked at, he needs to save his grace for whatever might happen in this hunt. As a result, he’s been a little standoffish towards the hunters.
It’s no surprise when Bobby says, “About time, ya idjit,” but what
Castiel flinches. “Never,” he says quietly, and Dean’s eyes widen. He gives a low whistle.
man. In the moments when he’s no singing, he’s moving along to the riffs of the guitar or miming the notes themselves in the air, letting the music take over him and crooning against the microphone when he needs to.
The night passes in a similar way—Dean at the table, Castiel on the couch, moving between ledger and books as they discuss, get up to stretch, or grab something to eat. The hours wear on into the early morning, and eventually Castiel’s exhaustion gets the better of him. He was only meant to close his eyes for a second, but the next thing he knows, there are hands on his shoulders, shaking him awake.
It doesn’t take long for Dean’s breaths to even out, for his hand to go loose in Castiel’s. But Castiel stays awake for a little longer, watching Dean as the faint light that filters in from outside plays over his skin. If anyone had told him six months ago that he’d be here, with a sub in his bed, taking the first steps to understanding his Dominant nature and… seriously thinking about pursuing something with Dean…
He knows that he isn’t the most social person, but that fact seems to be magnified now that he’s living by himself. “Fucking hell,” he mutters under his breath, then scrubs a hand over his face and opens up his message thread with Inias.
. There’s so much I don’t know about how all this works, Dean, and I’m still not convinced that I… that I can
“Have you had enough to eat?”
The boy reaches up to touch his face, as though he’d forgotten that the bruise was even there. “Got in a fight,” he mutters. “Some guys in my class were running their mouths about me ‘n my brother.”
It takes a minute or so for him to come back down and be able to do anything other than curl against Dean and ride through the aftershocks. He feels boneless, sated and happy in a way that he’s never felt before after reaching orgasm. If this is what it feels like, to weave the element of domination into sex…
able to succumb to the thoughtless embrace of sleep.
Rolling onto his back, Castiel stares up at the ceiling for a moment, inhaling until his lungs feel full and then exhaling it all in one long sigh.
Castiel runs his fingers through Dean’s hair once more, and this time Dean leans into it, pressing against Cas’s hand and letting his eyes slide closed. It’s easy to imagine pulling his hair harder, knotting his fingers in the short strands and moving Dean wherever he wants. The mental image makes Cas’s dick twitch in his jeans, but for now he lets his fingers slide out of Dean’s hair, curving around his jaw instead.
The guards he’d realised were there just a second too late.
been, don’t get him wrong.
But then, if he goes the other way, if he undershoots his intentions…
the heat radiating off him.
Dean flattens himself to the wall instinctively and hugs his broom to his chest, hoping that the shadows are enough to hide him from the vindictive caretaker. He's not sure how soundproof the barrier is—or how it even came to be there, for that matter—but if he can hear Filch then it's safe to say that Filch can hear him. Dean's wordless spells have always been hit or miss, so he just has to hug the stone and hope.
, he thinks to himself.
, as he focuses on not just coming on the spot. When he opens his eyes, Dean is watching him with a smirk curling his lips, one eyebrow raised.
He can’t help but lift the corner of his mouth in a smirk as he says that, because it sound so stupid, but he sees no such expression reflected on the man’s face. The only acknowledgement that he gives of having even heard Dean at all is the way he slowly arches one eyebrow.
Dean follows his gaze to the breast of his jacket, where there’s a faint silver glow over the pocket where he’d placed his coin earlier today.
Winchester holds out his hand to shake. “I’m Dean,” he says. “Looking forward to working with you today, buddy.”
Inias
Dean goes in search of his soulmate.
Castiel takes the glass from Mark’s hand and makes his way back to the bottle, turning his back to the incubus to shield what he’s doing. He pours out the drinks, then tips a small amount of sedative powder into one—if he starts trying to exorcise the incubus while he’s conscious and functioning, there’s no way it’s going to be successful.
know that they had done a good job last night, if the comfortable ache in Castiel’s muscles is anything to go by, but there’s no way he can muster enough focus to deliver a witty comeback. Instead, all he can do is groan “you’re insufferable” and curl his fingers around the curve of Dean’s jaw, pulling him up into a proper kiss.
He makes the realisation as the king starts to turn, and when their eyes meet across the room, it feels like all the breath has been knocked out of Dean’s lungs.
There are few things on earth that are better than burgers.
But he can’t.
Show some love to the original
In Dean’s palm is a heart-shaped beeswax candle. Engraved carefully into the wax in cursive are the words:
The dam breaks, and all of a sudden he’s sobbing into Dean’s shoulder, holding onto him like Dean is the one thing keeping him together as he just lets it all out. “Hey, hey,” Dean murmurs, one hand coming up to comb gently through Castiel’s hair. “I’m here, okay? I’m with you. I’m alright, Cas.”
He gets to watch his harvest grow—parsnips, beans, cabbage, onions, and a few other things he’s found in the shed. Seeing the tiny sprouts emerge from the ground and quickly develop into proper plants is more rewarding than he could have thought possible.
His words become thick with emotion towards the end, and he clears his throat awkwardly. Was that too much? He’s pretty sure that Dean was just looking for a simpler answer than that, and he starts to worry—
“Did you really mean that?”
Dean’s words echo in the space between them, reverberating through Castiel’s head even in the silence of the moment.
up onstage making fools of themselves. They pout and gently try to get him to stay, but it must be clear that he’s done, because eventually they give up and say goodnight.
His name is Dean.
It feels the same, even when he pokes at it.
It takes Dean a second to get his bearings, and by that point, a grumpy-looking TSA agent is already directing him forwards, towards a booth and a second agent.
Dean surveys his canvas properly for the first time in what feels like hours, finally taking a step back from it instead of closely examining it with a critical eye. To him, it’s easy to pick out the imperfections—the flaw in his perspective here, a slightly misplaced light source there, a handful of brushstrokes that are a little too messy for his liking. “It’s alright,” he hedges, hoping that Cas can’t see the twist of unhappiness to his lips. “I don’t know if it’s going to be ready by Monday, though.”
He watches as Dean carefully lifts it, as though it’s some precious, breakable item, and gently places it in Castiel’s palm. Once it’s perfectly situated, he sits back in his chair and pulls off his gloves, then looks at Castiel with wide, expectant eyes.
The chase, the danger, the adrenaline of it all,
Fuck, they’re going to make so much money off this. Even
When Dean looks back at Castiel, he finds that the Fae is watching
The man tilts his head to the side, slow and careful, then blinks. “I have not been summoned to this mortal plane for a very long time,” he says—quietly, but in a voice that still resonates with power and practically
“You have a lot of questions,” Castiel mutters to himself, amused. It’s only reasonable, but at the same time, he’s not a damn Ouija board. Instead, he smooths out the earth by Sam’s feet with his palm, focusing his powers on flattening it into a surface he can trace letters into. “Is that big enough?” he checks with Dean, who crouches down beside him, mentally spacing out the letters of whatever he wants to write.
Somehow, he makes it out of the museum uninterrupted, then to the subway, and then he’s standing in front of his apartment door, the last twenty minute a haze that he struggles to quite grasp. He’s running on autopilot, he knows, but he’s not sure whether that’s a good thing, or if he should try to pull himself back to the present.
? Well, I hate to disappoint. I’m sure this is going to be a letdown for you, whoever you are.”
Dean is tall and tanned, wearing a loose flannel over a band t-shirt that Inias would know but Castiel has no clue about. Ink peeks out from beneath his sleeves and the collars of his shirts, but what captivates Castiel is his face; pink lips, cheekbones dusted with freckles, green eyes that, when Castiel meets them, are warm and sparkling with playfulness. “You must be Castiel,” he says, reaching out a hand, and Castiel has never been this awestruck by anyone in his entire life.
Now, Andy turns, looking Castiel up and down in a quick once-over that he doesn’t bother to disguise. His eyes narrow slightly, as though he’s thinking. Connecting dots. “Of course,” he says after a moment, and his smile reappears as he returns his focus to Dean. “Right this way.”
They reach Cas’s pickup, and Dean scuffs his foot against the ground, kicking up a small cloud of dust. It’s been awesome getting to chat to Castiel as they set up the hive, but now that Cas’s excuse for visiting has come to an end… Dean doesn’t really want him to go.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean makes him want to come back.
No matter how tonight turns out, he knows he’s made the right call here.
As soon as he sees that Castiel is watching him he startles upright, immediately fully awake. “Cas!” he exclaims, then winces and lowers his voice. “Sorry, I—you’re awake! How do you feel?”
Until the man scents the air, freezes up, and looks directly towards where Dean is crouched in the shadows.
“I’m sorry that tonight didn’t go the way you’d planned,” he says, once they’re face to face again.
And that was when he’d first heard it.
Dean crouches down to eye level with the dark-tinted window and raps on it sharply—once, twice. A few seconds pass, and then the door opens. Dean steps back to let it swing out all the way.
“Is this okay? You said you hadn’t felt in control, and we don’t have to do this tonight. You don’t have to…
With all his heart, Castiel wishes that he had the power to fix how Dean is feeling in times like these, but he doesn’t. All he can do is be there for Dean, if ever he wants to talk about it, and even if he doesn’t
before hopping off the windowsill and flying away.
lingers in the air between them, unspoken.
His phone vibrates. Castiel’s heart leaps into his throat, and he scrambles for it.
"What are you up to over there, Dean?"
. But, God help him, Castiel wants to know why he’s come here.
He can see his own shock reflected in the king’s blue eyes—eyes that are not quite as piercing as they had been in the moonlight, but that still manage to capture Dean’s entire being with just one look.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath. Why is Cas reflecting that very same thoughts that have been on loop in Dean’s head ever since that morning on the couch?
There are many upsides to being the one to introduce Cas to a whole bunch of new human things, but there are also some unexpected downsides. And one of those downsides is that Castiel is really, uncannily,
So he distracts himself.
Breakfast is a quick affair, just some fried eggs on toast, and then Dean is making his way outside to take stock of the farm. It already looks so much better than it had when he’d arrived, but there’s still so much work to be done. It should feel overwhelming, just looking at it, but Dean quietly catalogues all the things he needs to do, then files them away in his brain and turns towards the toolshed.
As soon as Cas had confessed that he’d never actually been ice skating before, despite admiring the sport for a long time, Dean had wasted no time in getting him down here. It’s the ultimate romantic date just before Christmas, and not that Dean will ever admit it to anyone, but the sap in him can’t wait to spend tonight on the ice with Cas. Whether it’s full of fumbling, or whether he gets to watch Cas nail ice skating and be unfairly hot while doing so, it’s going to be perfect.
But that’s far too intimate, and far too much detail, so instead, he says;
Cas locks his phone and pinches the bridge of his nose for a second, then slides his phone into his pocket. He remembers the way to the studio where Dean works, and it shouldn’t take him more than twenty minutes to get there. Hopefully it will help him to clear his head a little, but he doesn’t have very high hopes.
He leaves the skillet on the benchtop and fills it with oil to let it soak, leaving it to deal with in the morning. It’s all he can do right now, as the rest of his last reserves of energy drain out of him. He wants to keep cleaning, knows that that will help settle him at least a little bit, but suddenly he just feels bone weary.
Despite Cas’s initial panic, they fall asleep sated and content and curled close to each other, and Castiel’s brain is only freaking out a
“Like this?”
after they’ve disappeared into the darkness, then pushes off the wall and follows after them. His cigarette, still-smouldering, hisses its end in a puddle as he tosses it carelessly aside.
bad at his job. Why the fuck is he being removed from the detail?
Whatever is in there, whatever Dean brought as their dessert, it’s clearly playing on his mind. And because it’s playing on
“Good.” Cas presses a kiss to Dean’s shoulder. “But I think we enjoyed it more.” He presses up from the bed and slowly pulls out of Dean, trailing kisses all the way down Dean’s spine to the top of one ass cheek before he leans over and reaches for the camera once more. “One more shot, love, I think they’re going to like this one.”
The beekeeper is new to town, and had moved himself and his apiary into the old farming property down by the river. Dean had found out about his stall, ‘The Business of Bees,’ when Sam had dragged him down to the farmers’ market two months ago so that he could buy his organic kale, or some shit. Honestly, he doesn’t remember much from that day apart from piercing blue eyes and a voice like whiskey over gravel that has stuck with him every night since.
his nosy moose of a brother), he had found out that the beekeeper’s name was Castiel. Every week after that, he would make a few minutes of small talk, then buy a jar of honey before his cheeks could get too red and beat a hasty retreat.
what it is that he wants. He’s still not perfect at it, but he’s getting better, and that’s what matters.
Castiel reaches out, puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Beneath his touch, Dean freezes—and then slowly, in the ambient streetlight and the warm quiet of the night, the tension begins to unwind from him. He exhales slowly, closes his eyes, and leans into Castiel’s touch.
But that possibility can wait.
Castiel had told Dean, over their emails, that he’d wanted a tattoo that incorporated his mark and made it a little less visible, but he hadn’t said
Once it’s off, Castiel tosses it gently aside, then slowly kneels in front of Dean.
The weekend is Dean time, there’s no doubt about that. During the week, they’ll text occasionally, sharing work anecdotes or observations, or even just messaging to say
The man’s eyebrows go up, and he chuckles, pushing his hands into his pockets. “Perceptive, huh? How’d you know I want to steal something?”
than go out and get wasted. He’s quite happy lying here and watching Queer Eye, thank you very much.
Dean watches him with those green eyes that have seen so much. There’s that tension still between them, but it’s shifted now. It feels raw. Open. Honest.
Dean doesn't feel that he deserved to be saved.
Dean almost jumps out of his seat, turning to look at the house elf that's staring up at them with big, round eyes. "No, no thank you, we're good," he says quickly, forcing a smile because whatever Cas had been about to say, it had sounded important.
. He can't help the giddy laugh that bubbles up from his chest, and Castiel is looking at him like he's crazy now. "Hold on, just—wait here."
It's not fair.
He stares up at the ceiling, turning his thoughts over in his head, then finally rolls out of bed and makes his way over to his desk.
the fucking day I’ve had, Cas. It’s been a
It’s all going to come out.
Dean’s eyes go saucer-wide.
It’s finals week, and the library is the most packed Dean has ever seen it. He has a report to submit by the end of the week, and the Wi-Fi in his dorm is being fucking horrific, so braving the mass of despondent and sleep-deprived students in the library is his only option if he wants to get this in on time.
“Yes,” he blurts out, without processing his response. “It’s true. I don’t like you.”
"You hungry?" he asks, forcing a smile that he doesn't entirely feel and hoisting his broom up onto his shoulder.
“I was,” Dean agrees, and his tone is casual and relaxed as he turns away and sets the skillet down on the stovetop. “It’s really sweet how much you care for your plants, though. You didn’t want to go into a job related to plants?”
“I’ve got knowledge that could bring down the Campbells, and I want to help you do it.”
never admit this to Sam), but…
enough times.
Which is why Castiel holds his head high, looks the man in the eye, and says, loud enough for it to carry over the space between them:
Dean reels back, then sucks in a sharp breath and lets it out slowly.
The corners of the god’s eyes crinkle, but the rest of his face remains calm and impassive. “There will always be non-believers,” he says. “I take no offence. You have given my temple new life, and that is all that matters to me.”
Even after all these years, Dean still remembers his name.
He’d flipped down his visor determinedly, flexed his fingers around the joystick, and waited for the countdown.
They learned how to do this at school last week, and now Dean focuses all of his magic into the patch of earth before him. Slowly, a plant sprouts, growing and unfurling until it becomes a single, red-petaled rose. Dean grins giddily, risking a glance over at the other young witch who kneels beside him. Cas is looking at the rose with wide eyes, and when he glances over at Dean, he smiles, bright and radiant.
Dating Dean is just as perfect as Castiel had known it would be.
“I’ll be okay,” he rasps, and for once, Castiel is not even the slightest bit mad about Dean reading his thoughts. “Just gotta do some minor repairs and get my breath back. Worth it, though.”
—and before he realises, he's gathered the pages up, and he's holding them over the flame.
, Dean had almost forgotten. He smirks, looking over towards the camera and shooting their viewers a wink. “We shall,” he says, and pulls himself up onto his knees so he can properly start the show.
—Castiel blurts out the one question that’s been circling round and round in his head.
It will take some getting used to.
They gasp their pleasure against each other’s lips, until it’s still not enough, until Dean takes them both into his hand. Cas wraps his fingers loosely around Dean’s wrist, not enough to help but in an attempt to ground himself with Dean’s touch, and cries out his pleasure into the roiling storm and the rain.
The man is bleeding too, cuts across his forearm and cheek that stain his skin crimson, but he doesn’t seem to notice or care as he turns away from the carnage of his own creation.
. It’s important to him that they feel as though they hold equal amounts of power in their relationship.
for Castiel already, a shiver dancing along his spine.
—” he adds, as Dean’s face splits into a grin— “It’s just this once. This doesn’t mean I’m on retainer for you, or the Men of Letters, or anything like that. I help you this once, I do a good deed to balance out the bad people I’ve helped in my past, and then you leave me alone. I worked very hard to get out of this life, and you and your employers have to respect that.”
Dean sits in the middle of the Quidditch pitch and looks up at the stars.
But then Dean’s foot finds his under the table, his ankle pressed gently against Cas’s lower calf, and he smiles across the table at Castiel. “You alright?” he asks, his voice low and quiet. Intimate.
“I made sure I looked after it,” Castiel replies, the words coming easily and without thought. “It’s far too beautiful to mess up with lack of proper care, and I spent too much money on it.”
He doesn’t come here very often. He was never very religious, and the fact that his body is buried just beside it doesn’t encourage him to visit, so he mostly stays away. It’s not exactly a happy place for him.
Dean, and now that it’s here… it’s so overwhelming. He feels a single tear overflow past his lashes and slip down his cheek, and watches as Dean’s gaze tracks it. He gives Castiel a slightly sad smile, then lifts up his hand, and—
“I love you too,” Cas whispers, because there’s never any harm in trying.
Show some love to the original
He wraps his fingers around Cas’s wrist, his hand pressed into the mattress beside Dean’s head, and uses it as a grounding point as his orgasm overwhelms him. Cas keeps fucking him through it, though he slows his thrusts now that Dean has come and just rocks his hips—still chasing his own orgasm but in a much more relaxed way. He shifts, intertwines his fingers with Dean’s instead, and presses a kiss to Dean’s shoulder blade. “Good boy,” he murmurs against Dean’s sweat-damp skin.
“Well, Dean,” Castiel says, turning back towards the control panel. “Nice to meet you. I wish it wasn’t under these circumstances, but…” He shrugs one shoulder, tapping the computer screen and making a few adjustments to the autopilot’s trajectory. “Desperate times and all that. And now that you’re aiding and abetting my escape, I doubt you really want me to let you go. So I’m very sorry, but you’re stuck with me.”
like he’s been avoiding her, absolutely not. He’d given her a little bit of information about what had happened at the dinner, but probably only enough to make her
is comfortable with but Castiel isn’t. And this… this promise that Dean will wait? Be patient? Be
he let Cas come with them?
They’re few and far between, but they do happen sometimes, when all the local hunts are being taken care of and no one urgently needs them for research or advice. On these quiet days, they don’t have to be hunters.
“Hello,” he whispers, his voice sleep-roughened and slivers of blue shining in the dark.
Dean has always been protective of the Impala.
“Of course.” The words come without hesitation, but he doesn’t turn to face Castiel. Just keeps looking down.
Castiel watches the teenaged runaway from the shelter of a building as he wipes at his eyes and climbs into the car. There is no telling where he will go, how long he will leave for, what he will do. It is Castiel’s job to do nothing but watch and report, even when he aches for the boy in his search for guidance, for love.
They get Castiel positioned on the chair on his stomach so that Dean can access his elbow, and then he tries his best to relax while Dean pulls on his gloves and arranges his ink. The next time Dean touches him, it’s with a latex barrier between them, and Cas hates how much he hates it. Soon enough, though, Dean gets started on the tattooing itself, and the pain of that provides Castiel with more than enough distraction.
Instead, all he can get out is, “Shit, I’m so sorry!”
,” Benny says with a grin. “No more than five minutes, I promise.”
Still. The work has proven interesting, and no one has threatened his life so far or tried to manipulate him into using his powers for evil or unethical monetary gain. Some would say that’s worth a little boredom and a pay cut.
It turns out that Dean is right; there’s much more to the dynamic of domination and submission than what he’d thought there was. So many subsets, different aspects and different levels of involvement… He flips past the parts that are too heavy, that remind him too much of a grass-covered grave in Illinois, and tries to focus instead on the parts that interest him. But there’s just so much that it’s almost overwhelming, and after an hour, he sets aside his laptop and scrubs his hands over his face.
Dean stares at him.
Naomi Novak is thrilled with the news of her son’s presentation.
"—since we met in first year," Cas is saying, rambling now because Dean hasn't responded yet, has just been staring at him, "and then during Transfiguration class in fifth year, you helped me with my rabbit and I—"
Castiel smiles, the quickest little uptick of lips but one that captivates Dean anyway. “Nice to meet you, Dean. My family knew Bobby before he retired. It’s good to know that his farm is in good hands. Are you family?”
He leans back against the Impala, pushes his hands into his jacket pockets, and lets his eyes close for a brief moment.
, Castiel decides, and tightens his grip in Dean’s hair, effectively keeping his head still as he starts to move his hips of his own accord. Dean’s response to getting his face fucked is (of
Dean can’t help but laugh, dropping his chin to press a gentle kiss to the top of Cas’s head. “I miss you too, and I will definitely make it up to you, don’t you worry.”
Enjoy!
“Very funny,” Castiel says drily, and Dean laughs against his shoulder.
afterlife at all?
“Boss? You’ve got a visitor.”
spar with someone for the first time in a while.
And then one morning, Dean wakes up to find that the visitor perched on his windowsill is no longer a crow at all.
Well. He might see Dean one last time, but how can he tell Dean how he feels right before Dean crosses over to a place that Castiel can never go? It would be cruel to both of them. No, it’s better to just continue to shoulder this burden alone.
Castiel drops his hand, lets it comb gently through Dean’s hair and then settle on the back of his neck. “Do you want to talk about today, or do you want to sit here some more?”
And the next thing he knows, a shape hurtles out of nowhere to catch him, wrapping him in arms and wings and plucking him out of the sky.
Ever since he discovered the farmers’ market and the eclectic, attractive beekeeper, Dean has been head over heels. He
Written for
Inias raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t press. Doesn’t pry. Just waits.
Eventually, as he starts to come down from his slightly drunken high, it all gets to be a little too much. It’s been a good night, but now he needs to tap out, for his own sake. “I’m heading home,” he tells Charlie and Garth, the two who
Clearly, he’s failing.
Dean props him up with a hand on each shoulder, brows drawn into a concerned frown. “Cas, are you okay?”
“Bisexual, I mean,” the man elaborates as the silence stretches out between them, somewhat awkwardly.
When they come to visit her grandpa’s grave, Hannah wastes no time in wandering off from her family to do some exploring.
It feels as though it’s on another level entirely.
They’re only just getting started with this whole sexual exploration thing, after all. Castiel hopes he’ll get plenty of opportunity to gauge Dean’s hair-pulling preferences in the future.
Show some love to the original
, Cas. I’m not interested in you, or—or any of that shit.”
From Belleville, he accepts an offer of a ride with someone going west. The feeling in his chest is growing now, filling him to bursting as he stares anxiously out the window, until—
"I truly am sorry about your dough."
And how much he’d
Around them, the trees start to sway, bending beneath the grief in Castiel’s power as it roils around them—
All Dean gets as an answer is a muttered
Dean chuckles, and just like that, then tension in him dissipates. It’s so gratifying to know that he’s made real progress with his communication and their dynamic, just like he said he would. There’s no way he ever wants to let Dean down.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel doesn’t really know the answer to the first two, and the third never feels right. He shakes his head, and they drive away, every time. Until one car stops, and the feeling in his chest changes.
The guy raises an eyebrow at Dean to check that it’s okay before he sets his stack of books down on the corner of Dean’s desk—all notebooks and textbooks with titles like ‘The House of Medici’ and ‘Renaissance and Reformation.’ “Well,” he says, lips curving up into a smile that makes Dean’s heart double-beat in his chest. “It’s nice to meet you. I’m Castiel Novak, but you can just call me Cas.”
glad that he’d just happened to be in that alley at the right time.
to experience music in the way that Dean has experienced it throughout his life, but getting to see this glimpse, and feeling the tiniest bit of it for himself…
"Shut
The guy grins, giving Castiel a quick wink that ties his insides into knots. “Hey, are you Detective Novak?” he asks, despite the fact that it’s clearly displayed on a nameplate on Castiel’s desk, seeming to enjoy the way Castiel’s name sits on his tongue. “My name’s Dean. I was told you’re looking for information on that vigilante guy—y’know, the one who can make people do stuff with his voice.”
“I really like it,” he finishes, dropping his gaze again. “Thank you.”
“Exactly,” he says. “I can’t tell you
“Be safe,” is all he can say—there’s so much more, but it’s not for right now. If he ever sees Dean again, if they both make it out the other side of this mess… maybe then.
He shakes himself out of his thoughts and gets to work, wrapping the ledger in a dishcloth from the bar so that he doesn’t have to experience all the memories that come with it, then carefully shoving it inside his suit jacket. Castiel is careful to properly close the drawer and replace the key—the more time that passes before the ledger’s absence is discovered, the better.
curious without actually answering any of her questions.
Dean finally lets himself grin properly—it's way too much fun making Cas grumpy. "They're around... somewhere. I'll let you know when you get close to them."
Charlie rolls her eyes, making her way across Dean’s chambers and plonking herself down onto his bed. If it were anyone else, Dean would be pissed, but since it’s Charlie, he just rolls his eyes. He has known her for over half his life, after all, and has always been one of his closest friends and confidants.
The look he gives Castiel sends a tingle down his spine—as though this man is privy to the kinds of secrets that Castiel itches to know about. Like he
“Dean?” he asks, and watches as Dean jumps half a foot in the air, then spins to face him.
(and, occasionally, just because I felt like it).
excited to see him.
It’s only a few moments before Dean is settling onto the couch beside him, pressing against Castiel’s side from shoulder to thigh in a way that is warm and distracting and everything Castiel could ever want on a quiet Saturday night like this one. The plate is settled onto Dean’s lap, but he doesn’t reach for any of the desserts on offer—just waits, and watches as Castiel flicks through the movie options.
He gives the guy one more chance to keep his dignity intact, and when he feels a presence directly behind him, he carefully slips away into the crowd right before the alpha can try to start dancing with him. A girl—beta, by her scent—shares a sympathetic look with him, and they roll their eyes together.
He needs to hear it again, just one more time. To make sure.
“This is not an opportunity to shirk your duties,” Death clarifies. “You have caught me on a good day, a day in which I was curious to meet this grim who has been held in such high regard, but don’t forget that what I have bestowed, I can again revoke. You will be notified when there is a spirit here who requires your aid, but otherwise… the world is yours.”
“Only thanks to you,” Cas murmurs, leaning his forehead against Dean’s. “Can we stay in here a few more minutes? Do you think people are going to care that we’re gone?”
“It does,” Castiel agrees quietly. “It’s very beautiful, though. I wish I knew more about the stars—if people were able to go to the moon, they must know a lot about them by now.”
In saunters Cas, wearing that same fucking leather jacket, stubble on his jaw and a smirk curling his lips. He’s gorgeous,
It doesn’t take long for Dean to return, but when he does, he doesn’t settle back into his original position with his head pillowed on Castiel’s thigh. Instead, he presses himself against Castiel’s side—not enough for it to be overt and exaggerated, but enough to catch Castiel’s attention.
Once his dinner arrives, he sits back down in his living room and tries to concentrate on the food and whatever’s on TV and not on Dean.
Now, Castiel is left here, travelling beside his own dead body back to Kansas and wondering what it is that will come next.
Castiel watches as he prepares to close up the front gates, greying hair hidden under a beanie and his gentle hum crystallizing in the cold winter air. Another person, heading home to their family.
“Whoever hunts the most monsters,” Cas says over the dinner table. “They get to do it.”
The guy blows out a breath, runs his fingers through his hair, then gives Castiel and apologetic look. “Fuck, man, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean for you to take it the wrong way. I really did want to buy you a drink—would that make up for it? No pressure, of course. You want me to fuck off, then off I will fuck.”
Show some love to the original
“For me, last week was really great. Like I’ve said before, I really like you, and I think I’m good for you. We work well together, and I’d love to see what would happen if we really gave this a shot. But I think we ended on a slightly different page, and because you’ve barely spoken to me all week, I don’t know where I stand with you.”
The guy—
He’s only ever seen one car like that, and it was twenty years ago. Which means that the person here is either Mary’s husband, or…
They share a look—words being passed silently between them, a conversation that Castiel isn’t privy to and that burns in his chest—and then Benny says, “We met when Dean moved out here. He’s done a coupl’a my tattoos, and we’ve been friends for a while. Dean’s good people.” His eyes are like steel. Challenging. Protective. “I’d ask how you met Dean, but he’s already told me a lot about you.”
with each other. There's a lot that Dean has told C that he'd never want anyone else to find out, let alone his tutor.
“Will it fade?”
The rest of their morning passes too quickly. It’s so nice and relaxing, being able to get ready by Dean’s side like this, and when they ride to work in Dean’s beautiful car, Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever felt this level of true comfort and
, lingers in every corner of Castiel’s apartment. When he’s reminded of Dean every time he looks down at the artwork forever inked into his skin.
Dean is leaning against the building, his head tipped back against the stone, hands pushed deep into his pockets. There are bags under his eyes, and he looks
Castiel strains to make out any kind of response. His powers tell him that Dean is here, but he can’t see him…
Dean’s eyes widen, and his hands twitch where they’re curled against his thighs. His gaze doesn’t leave Castiel’s, and he doesn’t speak. Just waits for Cas to finish.
Dean jerks out of his thoughts—in his periphery, he sees Cas startle too.
The raven-man offers his hand, and Dean takes it. His skin is warm and roughened by work, and his touch feels like it’s sending sparks across Dean’s fingers. They step onto the floor together, and almost immediately, Dean sees people start to whisper to each other.
The smile in Dean’s voice is clear, even without being able to see his face, and Castiel feels that feeling swell beneath his chest again.
The boardwalk is just like he remembers it—full of laughter and light and the smell of fried food, and being back here…
The rest of the morning passes in a blur. Dean tries his best not to think of Castiel and C and the wedding, but it's difficult to keep his mind away from those topics when it's all everyone is talking about or doing today. He's scrubbed clean, then has a barber shave him and cut his hair into a much neater style than he usually keeps it.
Breakfast is had at the tiny diner down the street, even though Dean is too nervous to stomach much more than a coffee and an egg and bacon sandwich, and then he’s on the road again. The nest isn’t far out, and as he watches the sun rise over the horizon, he knows that the vamps will just be going to sleep now. They’ll never know what hit them.
Thankfully, his friend is almost always punctual, and it’s only a few minutes before his reply comes through.
This time, the contact is skin to skin, without the barrier of Dean’s gloves between them. Dean’s fingers are gentle, careful, as he tilts Cas’s forearm this way and that to get an idea of how the tattoo is healing. “It’s looking good,” he says finally, looking up with a grin. “You must have been taking real good care of it. I’ll be able to finish the rest up today, and then you’ll be good to go.”
To almost everyone, Dean is sharp-tongued and brittle, all sharp edges and steel and gunpowder. He is firmly-worded orders and the persistent gnaw of under-rationed hunger. He is everything that the End has made him into.
. One sheet, two sheets, three. He writes until he's out of ink, until he's poured his heart out onto the pages, and then he sits back and stares emptily down at his own words.
Cas looks out for Dean on the nights when he's home late.
he thinks, his brow furrowing in concern. He hadn't put very much effort into his first letter, because he hadn't really known what he was doing, but now that he's seen how nicely C can write...
you’d been chasing for so long.”
Everything around them goes quiet. Still.
“Sure, Cas, I can do that. You’ll have to remind me where you live again?”
And that makes Dean pause, an incredulous laugh bubbling up from his chest. "You're telling me that you're the Head Boy, in your seventh year, have a seemingly uncanny knack for knowing when people are doing things they shouldn't be... and you've never snuck into the kitchens?"
Dean steps over the threshold and into Castiel’s apartment—toeing his shoes off by the front door when he sees that Cas is barefoot and a few pairs of his shoes are neatly lined up in the entryway. Thoughtful, observant, kind—Castiel is beginning to think that Dean might truly be a perfect man. How is that even possible?
“Cas,” he says, his voice barely a rasp. “What—“
Cas’s smile is affectionate, teasing, lips curled up at the edges and just a hint of teeth showing. “You’re overthinking,” he says. “I can smell the smoke from here. Just let go, sweetheart.”
No, Dean has done his study, he knows the customs of their neighbours, and these people?
“Did you want water, or something stronger?” he asks, pulling down a bottle of vodka for himself, along with a pair of glasses. Dean’s footsteps are quieter on the carpeted floor, but Castiel still hears him round the desk to stand right beside him, close enough to smell his cologne.
Grumbling to himself, Dean closes his laptop, and goes back to poring over his timetable.
For a little while, he slips in and out of sleep. He does, however, stay resolutely pressed against Dean, arm draped over his waist and nose nudging gently against the back of his neck. He’s never had something like this, never gotten to wake up in such an easy coexistence with another person before.
“And out.”
Castiel knows the feeling of Dean’s longing, but his has long since settled. He doesn’t
Castiel can barely drag his gaze up to her eyes—instead, he’s focused on the silver bangles around her left wrist, and the thick black line that encircles it just above. A Dom, answering directly to a sub. Castiel had known that there were people in the world who still believed that submissives don’t belong in roles of leadership or power—hell, he’d been
Castiel’s stomach roils again, but he forces a smile. “Sounds good,” he says, and then before she can say anything else, adds on, “See you tomorrow!” It’s probably rude for him to disappear so quickly after learning of his new position, but his hands are shaking and he needs to get away.
No, as much as it hurts his ego, and his prise…
Dean sighs, long and slow. “It was a pissed-off ghost down in Oklahoma,” he says. “She was cheated on by her husband, but was too disoriented after she died to realize that he’d passed away too, not long after her. So she stuck around, trying to find him to enact her revenge, and eventually got more desperate. I guess I must’ve resembled her husband,” he jokes bitterly, trying for a smile and then wincing when it just aggravates his injuries. “She did
God, Dean loves that fucking angel.
Dean is nineteen when he first kisses a boy.
, Dean thinks, watching Cas go with a smile on his face and warmth in his chest,
Immediately, he relaxes. Dean is still here. He hasn’t left, he’s just showering, because it’s a Friday morning and they both have work.
Eight second.
The water sluices over his skin, golden in the warm bathroom lighting, and Castiel can’t help but swallow as he watches, his mouth suddenly dry. How has he gotten so lucky, to find such a stunning, kind, patient man who is willing to help him work through all his baggage?
It scares him, for a second. Where is Dean? Did Castiel’s question freak him out so much that he’s already left?
Dean begins to advance along the deck, Castiel making sure to always stay just a step behind him. They pass the body of a guard, blood pooling on the deck, and Castiel has to remind himself
. Show me that I’m yours—that that’s what this collar means.
ETA: This chapter now has
But as it turns out, buying curtains doesn’t make it anywhere
hard before, he definitely is now.
“Holy shit,” he breathes. “You—you saved my ass back there, dude. You could have won it all, though, with that kind of tech. Why didn’t you?”
“You healed me.”
There’s a moment of pressure, of tightness, and then Dean is sinking down onto him and every one of Castiel’s rational thoughts flies out the window. It’s tight and perfect, and Dean’s hands are everywhere—cupping his face, running through his hair, sliding over his chest.
They sit for a while, side by side next to Castiel’s grave. It’s reasonably warm, for a November afternoon, and Castiel is perfectly content to just sit and watch the breeze rustle the leaves of the trees, or the ants make their way across the earth in organized lines. He’s used to finding quiet ways to pass the time, after all.
Cas just chuckles, a sound that Dean can feel beneath his hands and that reverberates through his chest. “Am I wrong?”
Dean realises he's staring, and quickly looks away, diverting his gaze back to the King and Queen. His future husband is handsome (devastatingly so, almost), so that's good news, but...
That's her business.
Maybe coming here alone was a mistake.
He’d been expecting Dean to hand him the gun, but this… Dean had remembered that there’s no way he can touch it.
Dean's brain screeches to a halt.
(See the end of the chapter for
That’s certainly what it feels like it’s doing. Castiel may have survived for this long, but it turns out he can’t run from himself forever. Now, it’s all he can do to pray that he never becomes what he resolved never to be. “So it seems,” he says quietly. “So, um… is there anything you can do to help me? I don’t know what exactly, I—I don’t want to hurt you. Whatever you did at the studio seemed to help, though.”
Castiel looks up from his paperwork with a frown, trying to locate whoever called his name. He’s
“I’ll be here,” he confirms, ready to settle in for a long night of watching over the very same vigilante he’s been chasing for so long, and has finally found—even if it wasn’t for the reason he was expecting.
Instead, he reaches out and runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, letting his grip tighten just a little. The gentle pull tugs Dean’s head back slightly, and he gives an unabashed moan, lashes fluttering against his cheekbones. Holy
Slowly but surely, he feels himself relax. The tension across his shoulders, the tightness of his chest, the ache that had been manifesting beneath his temples, it all starts to fade away. For the first time since he’d run into Naomi, Castiel starts to feel like maybe, just maybe… he’ll be okay.
This artist has a variety of works, some in brilliant colour and some in stunning, complementary black and white, but all of them are beautiful and each one tells some kind of story. The art itself is beautifully executed, and Castiel can’t stop staring as he scrolls down the page, taking in every single tattoo this artist has to show. He’s never considered getting a tattoo now, and it’s still a little crazy to think about having someone else’s artwork on his skin, but Castiel knows instinctively that if he wants anyone tattooing him, it’s this artist.
, having to worry about hiding from someone who can see him. It’s not something he’s had to think about for over a hundred years.
Dean’s throat bobs as he swallows.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was entirely alone in the forest. There were no sounds. No people. Just him, and the trees, and the light dappling the forest floor.
There’s a hand on his shoulder, and Castiel shakes his head to clear it, then meets Inias’s worried gaze. “I’m fine,” he mutters, trying to shake off the feeling that’s currently wrapping itself in knots around his stomach.
Castiel can’t help but snort, and is careful not to dislodge Dean as he reaches for a plate. “I’ll try to remember that,” he says as he scoops the fried balls onto the plate. ”Can you do something for me?”
“I can’t remember the last time I just… looked up at the night sky,” Dean murmurs quietly. “It really makes you feel small, huh?”
, he reprimands himself.
about his decision, but he doesn’t have the strength. Instead, he just whispers, “You’ll be trapped here. Like me. Like the spirits you’ve hunted. Forever.”
And so much of that has to do with the mark on Dean’s arm.
On impulse, Castiel reaches out and runs his fingers through Dean’s hair—lightly at first, then with a little more pressure when Dean arches up into his touch and makes a pleased sound. It’s surprising how satisfying it is to discover the things that Dean likes, and to be successful in making him feel good. Castiel allows himself a tiny, happy smile. “Is that okay?” he asks, barely audible over the sounds of the movie.
Only then does Dean move, prising himself up off the floor. His body
For a second, Dean just blinks at the man, who raises an eyebrow and stares him down impassively.
Thanks as always to
He doesn’t know who to expect when he turns around, but he sure as hell isn’t expecting it to be the familiar from last night.
He builds, he watches, he
Soon enough, the obnoxious drape eventually settles into something more comfortable, more cozy. One of Dean’s arms ends up wrapped loosely around Castiel’s shoulders, the other hanging more and more limp as he starts to doze off. The rest of his body is a warm weight against Castiel’s chest, head tucked in beneath Castiel’s chin, and Cas is careful as he shifts both Dean and himself into a slightly more comfortable position. It’s nice to have Dean asleep against him like this—not to mention
Castiel has never been in a relationship, though. All of this is so new to him, and so they’re taking it slow.
The Winchester prank war is flaring up again.
For the first time in years, their gazes meet, blue against blue.
Dean has always been different.
It's covered in his own handwriting.
“No!” Castiel shouts as he manages to fully push up off the ground—
There isn’t much of interest in the newspaper—just another speakeasy that has been discovered, along with an article about some kind of commotion down at the docks—so Castiel sets it aside. The man who had delivered the paper had not been of the kindly disposition, and so Castiel isn’t overly interested in keeping his hands on it for much longer.
(See the end of the chapter for
The last few words come out somewhat more hoarse that Castiel had been expecting, because Dean chooses that point to tilt his head and brush his lips against the curve of Cas’s jaw, kissing up towards the soft spot on his neck that makes him forget about anything other than Dean’s kisses, Dean’s touch,
There’s a hint of guilt in Novak’s expression, but still, he sticks to his guns. “I—not technically, but—“
He won’t let it happen to Dean.
any more. Castiel inhales, a single, shuddering breath… and then lets it all out.
“Would you look at that,” he murmurs next to Dean’s ear. “Looks like you’re an outlaw now.”
, he can’t.
“Can I help you?”
True to the information he’s been given, the forest is mostly quiet. Dean only sees other people a handful of times—once a group of Edenite soldiers, and a few straggling Daemons once he gets closer to the other camp. None of them see him—he sticks to the shadows and the shrubbery, determined just to watch unless his hand is forced. If he had managed to catch an enemy on their own, then maybe he could have taken them out, but it’s too risky as it is.
Besides, at least they have Skype and they can message each other, and it’s only a five hour drive between their two colleges. It’s totally doable, and gives Dean an excuse to take his baby out for a spin on weekends and holidays when she’d be otherwise neglected.
The museum where Castiel works is a quick subway trip away from his apartment, and at nine on the dot he’s walking through the staff entrance, swiping his card against the reader by the door and pushing it open once the light has turned green.
The honeycomb pattern encompasses the bottom half of his forearm, the pattern of it varied and intriguing and exactly what Castiel had wanted, and then the dandelions take up the upper half in a field of outlined petals and leaves and dark ink in the negative spaces. “Oh,” he says quietly, lifting his arm closer to get a better look. “Dean, it’s
Dean stares at him for a few more moments, processing this new information and trying to fit it into his reshaped worldview, then shakes himself out of his thoughts. “Well,” he says, shaking his head, “that’s something to freak out about later. For now, can we talk to Sam? Before he goes home for the night? I’m worried about him, man.”
“You said,” he murmurs, fingers still combing through Dean’s hair, pulling and releasing over and over until Dean’s breath is hitching and his bottom lip is pink where he’s been biting it. “That this… this could be sexual. If I wanted it.”
“Do you want to watch a movie with me after dinner?” Castiel asks quietly as Sam serves them up some casserole. His knee bumps gently into Dean’s beneath the table.
Cas smiles and kisses him again—chastely, this time, though it still leaves Dean wanting more. “I’ll get out of your hair, then,” he says, and the only warning Dean gets is the cheeky spark in his eye before he shifts, and Dean is left holding nothing more than empty air.
dominating you, that it had come so naturally to me when I’ve spent so many years trying to be the total opposite of that. I just… I felt so
After so many years together, Cas knows him better than almost anyone—except for Sam, but Sam always tries to make Dean talk about his feelings, so Sam is definitely out of the running.
Sam gives him a look, and Dean can hear him trying not to laugh. "She hasn't blown just yet, Dean, but I know you're getting excited. Keep it PG, this is for YouTube."
“We need to talk about your position on my security team,” Novak says finally. His gaze is steady and even, but it feels like the calm façade is born from years of practice. Whatever direction this conversation is going in, the President seems… off. Not his usual self.
Show some love to the original
. That’s what Castiel had been afraid of—is it too soon? Will he scare Dean away by accident? He hadn’t
off it…
Every moment takes them further into Eden, and Dean finds that there is no shortage of things to look at. The people they pass are dressed differently, the buildings look strange, even the plants aren't what Dean is used to at home. It's all new, and a little intimidating. As they get further into the inhabited areas of the kingdom, Dean finds himself sticking closer to his Edenite guards, simply for the way people look at him as he rides past.
He pauses, and so does Cas, who’d been rubbing the part of his arm Dean had hit.
He should’ve gotten back in contact with Sam when he had the chance. At least his little brother will be happy over in Stanford.
Dean takes a moment to absorb the atmosphere and the quiet—and the lack of bickering. It’s been a long time since he’s gotten to appreciate nature like this, and it’s… honestly kinda nice.
Which leaves the two of them to plan their mini-getaway. Dean won’t lie, it definitely is nice being married to an angel and not having to worry about travel time or flying tin-can deathtraps.
“You did good, Cas. Thanks for coming to help me out.”
The full moon is high, and Dean’s hands are dirt-caked and sore from work. He sits in his garden, amongst the silver-washed grass, and feels the strength of the garden’s magic wash over him. These late nights are always worth it for the power that the moon gives him.
It takes him a second to realise just how informal he's being with the guy, considering they met not even two minutes ago, but when he looks into the rearview mirror for a moment to make sure he's not being given the stink eye, he finds Castiel watching him, the faintest hint of a surprised smile playing at the corners of his lips.
After a few seconds, Dean releases Castiel’s thumb, his lips curled up into a sinful smile and his cheeks flushed. Cas traces over Dean’s cheekbone, lets his fingertips trail across Dean’s jaw—
"We're storm chasers," he says drily. "We're here to try and catch a tornado."
“Perfect, Cas. Fucking perfect. I was
Even if he doesn’t let himself have Dean, even if he makes the choice to separate himself completely from this world once more…
His workshop is full of canvases—half-finished, barely-started, or fully completed but not up to his standards. For his first exhibition, he wants everything to be as perfect as he can possibly get it, and this one was supposed to be his
Dean levels a finger at Castiel, his grin widening, and god, it already feels so easy to get swept up in that grin and all it promises. “That’s the question, Cas. And that’s what I wanted to explain to you, before you shut the front door in my face.” He raises his hands quickly, as if to say,
Castiel knows that because that’s the exact same way he’s kissing Dean right now.
. He just keeps his eyes on Castiel’s, his gaze soft. “Oh, Cas,” he says quietly, and that—that’s somehow worse than any response Castiel could have imagined.
, and the other drops to where Cas’s fingers still encircle their cocks. His hand wraps around Castiel’s, tightening the pressure just
Dean turns his head, breath curling warm against Castiel’s jaw as he gasps out his pleasure. He’s so responsive, so beautiful, and Castiel can’t help but mouth along the exposed line of his throat as his fingers tease over his cock.
. Now isn’t the time nor the place for Castiel to figure out just where he stands with Dean and physical intimacy, though, so instead he wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders and squeezes, then lets go when Dean does.
Foolishly, part of Castiel kind of
Dean pauses, lips parted, as though he’s figuring out what to say.
, the kind that is so bright sometimes that Dean cannot look directly at him.
of that…
home, but it makes his chest ache with every moment he spends here. Last summer had been the best summer of his life, and it had all been because of Dean. Now it just feels as though all those memories and emotions, allowed to fade after so many months away, are being dredged up once more.
Today isn’t the right time to ask Cas out—the guy seems nervous about something, and Dean doesn’t want to catch him in a bad mood just in case everything goes pear-shaped, because even if Cas doesn’t want to date him, he hopes that they can at least stay friends. It’s starting to get late now, and Dean has been here for almost two hours. Before he can make his usual honey purchase and say goodbye to Castiel for another week, though, Cas stops him in his tracks.
Castiel strips out of his boxers as he makes his way over to his wardrobe and tosses them in the direction of the bed, then regards his selection with a weary sigh. He’s got a variety of lovely button-up shirts, but with the exception of a few that hardly ever get worn, they’re all long-sleeved. With summer creeping steadily closer, it’s getting harder and harder to find the willpower to put them on, but when the alternative means parading his mark around the city for everyone to see…
“How are you feeling?” Dean asks quietly, running his hands slowly up and down Castiel’s back. There are knots in his muscles, a tension he hadn’t known he’d been carrying until Dean’s fingers eased it out of him, and he lets out a quiet sound as he sags against his boyfriend.
“Good,” Dean murmurs as Castiel takes over the steering wheel, shoving away memories of the rich boat owner, then replaces Dean’s foot on the gas with his own. “Just keep going straight and fast. We need to get to them before it’s too late. And no matter what happens…” He squeezes Castiel’s shoulder, hand lingering for a second as the emotion behind his words sinks into Castiel’s soul. “Stay safe.”
No-one ever learns that pissing Cas off will
He ignores it in the hopes that the person will go away, and sips at his tea once more.
Dean stays propped up against the kitchen cabinets until night has well and truly fallen. It’s dark inside the cabin, but he can’t get up and turn a light on, not yet. And so he stays there, his thoughts and emotions twisting around inside him like a monster that threatens to tear his ribs apart.
The voice laughs, a sound that could be friendly in any other circumstance but now just bounces ominously off the brick walls of the alleyway, sending Castiel spinning in circles as he tries to pinpoint its source. “C’mon, dude, I’m the one with the magic tongue. You follow my orders, not the other way round.”
A second passes, and then Cas’s lips nudge against his own in a quiet, gentle kiss that speaks more than any words could.
It’s not a sad blue. Not the kind that hangs around some of the older angels—the ones who have existed for many more millennia than Dean, who have experienced much and lost more.
He’s back by the pine tree, which is definitely not where he’d been before. It’s a few seconds before his memory comes back, his mind clouded and disoriented, but then the image of that car comes back in vivid detail.
When he slits his eyes open just a fraction, the room is still dark, so he figures he still has at least an hour before he needs to drag himself out of bed. The sheets have fallen down off his shoulders, so Castiel reaches for them, curling his fingers into the fabric.
He hums, rests a hand on Dean’s thigh without thinking. “Did you want something?”
Dean has resigned himself to a lifetime of allergy meds, but…
, and seeing his desk sitting there really hammers that home for Castiel.
There are other cars coming up the hill after the hearse, but Castiel has no interest in them. Instead, his eyes are on the two black cars, leaning so far forward that he’s in danger of falling off the sign as he waits to see when and where Dean will emerge. Every second that he has left to see Dean, to spend time with him, he wants to make the most of. He’s always known that his time with Dean was finite, he just didn’t realize
But when he walks into the studio and meets his artist, who is handsome and talented and charming, he knows he’s done for.
“Here, it’s okay,” Castiel tells him, shifting so that he can slide his hands under Dean’s shoulders and carefully help him up into a sitting position. From everything that Castiel knows about him, Dean isn’t one to ask for help lightly, but there’s no denying that right now, he needs it.
“Cas!” he exclaims, his eyes going wide for just a second before he regains his composure. “Holy shit, I didn’t hear you come in. I’ve got to put a bell on you or something.”
“Fuck, Cas, I’m sorry,” Dean grits out—he looks pained, and his hands come up to press against his chest as though there’s some great weight on it. “I can’t… I can’t stay here.”
There’s not much he can do apart from keep trying, although his attempts become more and more halfhearted, sometimes losing motivation halfway through chatting someone up. It’s not like he’s that much of a masochist that he
For a meteorological genius, his little brother is really fucking oblivious sometimes. "Kansas?" Dean asks, enunciating his words clearly through his teasing grin. "Is that where the storm's brewing?"
“Hey,” Dean murmurs back, giving up on his attempt and pressing himself close to Cas. It feels good to be able to wrap his arms around him and just hold him. “I’m sorry I’m home so late. Thank you for dinner.”
“Not what?” he prompts, taking a step closer to Dean, who goes slightly cross-eyed as he tries to focus on Castiel. “Not what, Dean? Why did you turn him down?”
. “What’s your name?” he asks, and although there’s a quietness and a calmness to his voice, it also rings with barely-hidden power.
Castiel meets him in a bar in downtown Lebanon, on a night that is warm and thick with possibility.
. Okay?”
And once he figures that out, the fight becomes less about survival, and more about
choice. Nothing about what had happened between them had given Castiel any indication that Dean hadn’t liked it.
shade of blue amongst dark, magical feathers. The song grows, and Dean’s magic crests beneath his skin, tingling at his fingertips and flickering like lightning throughout his body.
I've had a rough few days, so I'm posting this unbeta'd, because holy shit do I need to be cheered up by having people read this and
, but he’s still kind of disappointed that the man hadn’t shown up.
Dean is fourteen when he first kisses a girl.
changed. They’re more rational, more careful, and arguably less bull-headed.
For all that it was his idea to meet up with Dean tonight, now that they’re face to face, the idea of broaching the topic that’s been sending him into a tailspin for the last twenty-four hours is more than a little intimidating. Castiel pores over the menu for longer than is necessary (certainly longer than it takes for him to select his burger and fries), until a gentle nudge against his foot brings his attention back to Dean.
"Coming!" he calls back, stretching out his back and then making his way back to the camp. Impala greets him with a nudge of her nose, and he pats her affectionately. "Hey, sweetheart," he murmurs.
On this sunny Thursday afternoon, people from all walks of life are out and about. Castiel spots a father with his two children, a businessman on the phone outside the shop, a couple embracing on the far side of the street, too far away to see their designations. Two young women walk past the front window of the shop, wearing tank tops that show off numerous tattoos and laughing at some private joke. A thick, black band encircles each of their left wrists, and Castiel touches the inside of his forearm without thinking, fingers brushing cotton.
“I don’t know,” he says, because that’s the truth. “He just sent me some weird email last night, about ‘big things’ and the way the museum has been flourishing. Which, it has, but I really don’t think that can be put down to just me.” He colors the last few words with wry amusement to try and deflect, but again, it’s the truth. Their funding has been increasing steadily the whole time Castiel has been here, and now it’s finally starting to pay off. It’s not just because some kid got a promotion.
Dean curls his fingers back around his coin, turns on his heel and
“Alright.” Castiel’s heart is going jackhammer-fast, and he curls his shaking hands into fists as he positions himself behind Dean.
When he’s pulled from Hell, Dean can’t comprehend what’s happening. Everything is light, and noise, and pain, and there are claws sunk deep into the meat of his shoulder.
Dean had never returned, either.
he would, but he’s certainly been more than a little nervous about this show ever since he broached the subject.
And that catches Castiel’s attention. “You do all this… this dangerous stuff… by yourself?” he asks. It makes sense now, because Dean has never mentioned anyone else or visited with anyone else since that day twenty years ago, but… it makes Castiel very uneasy to know that Dean is out there with no backup and no one to contact if anything goes wrong. He would help, if he could, but there’s only so much he can do as a spirit who can’t leave his graveyard and still struggles to understand what a cell phone is, let alone figure out if his powers will let him use one.
“Struggling?” he asks quietly, his brows creasing in concern. He hadn’t thought about how kicking Dean out of his apartment might affect him—hadn’t even paused to consider whether that was a
“Dean.”
He knows he should call and cancel, make up some excuse, but every time he even thinks of picking up his phone to contact Cas, his throat feels like it closes up. He curls his fingers into a fist instead, digs his knuckles into his thigh and tries not to think about tonight.
He can hear their song. Just faintly, lingering at the very corners of his consciousness, but it’s there.
From the chat’s reaction, they’re already excited to know what he’s got planned for them, but Dean has been camming for long enough that he knows just how to draw out the teasing. He only responds to a few of the messages, choosing the ones that he knows will get his viewers riled up and wanting more. If he happens to turn on the cocky grin or the hooded eyes or position his body just so in the frame while he’s talking, well. He’s practiced, after all.
together; two souls and one union, together beneath the light of the moon.
It takes Castiel so strongly by surprise that he takes a step back, unable to think, unable to
“Or a shitty one, depending on the person,” he rebuts. Cas just hums.
Dean grins. “What, like a date?” he asks, and Castiel swallows.
. At least once a day, someone walks into the precinct with a slightly dazed look in their eyes and hand themselves in, confessing on the spot to their crimes. Part of Castiel wishes that getting a confession out of someone were always that easy, but the other part of him doubts.
All because of this familiar.
Why the sudden change indeed? If only it was that simple to answer. Castiel shrugs one shoulder, idly spinning his coffee mug between his fingers on the linoleum. “I’m sick of having to hide it,” he admits. “The idea of being able to hide it in plain sight, or at least distract from it, is appealing to say the least.”
Slowly, Dean nods. He’s rubbing his left forearm, anxiously, repetitively. “It does. I’m really sorry that I overstepped, Cas. I wasn’t thinking.”
Show some love to the original
to Dean—none of it bad, or cruel, sure, but so much of it domination. That first step, that position of power. And he’d
Night has well and truly fallen, and the streets are full of cars and people on their way to enjoy the nightlife. Dean begins to walk, and they fall into step, sharing a steady silence until they’ve deemed themselves far enough away to be safe.
Except for Gil.
“Fuck,” he breathes, and watches as Dean smirks, as much as he can with the head of Castiel’s cock resting gently between his parted lips. There’s a sass and a playfulness in his expression that Cas adores, a kind of submission so different from the wide-eyed look he gets when Castiel puts him off-kilter but equally as good.
They walk in silence, Castiel always a fraction of a step behind Dean as he lets him lead towards wherever they’re going. He doesn’t know what, if anything, to say to Dean, but if he wants to get dinner together, he must have something to say to Castiel.
Apart from a single handprint, seared onto his shoulder.
For a few moments, they just stay there, Dean sitting on the pavement heaving in ragged breaths, and Castiel crouched by his side. “Let me know when you’re ready to move,” he says quietly—and then they hear the sound of sirens in the distance, far away for now but drawing steadily closer.
Is it too much? Too personal? Or maybe the opposite—maybe Dean’s laughing at his inexperience now, at the Dom who doesn’t even know where to
. 14.
But now… now he has the right words for it. He just has to
Enjoy <3
Castiel is no C, but he is kind and thoughtful. All Dean can do is hope that that will be enough, and that he'll be a good husband, no matter how much he wishes he could have married for love.
“I’m good,” Cas confirms, turning his head to press a quick kiss to Dean’s cheek—on the side facing away from the reporters, thankfully. “I love you,” he breathes, quiet enough that only Dean can hear.
Castiel huffs to himself but picks up the pace, matching Dean stride for stride. It’s barely a few minutes before Dean is holding up a hand to stop him in his tracks, and Castiel finds himself looking at a giant
Castiel’s interest is now doubly piqued, and he sets his papers aside, focusing his attention solely on Dean. “I am,” he confirms, and gestures to the chair opposite his desk. “Please, take a seat.”
So he buries himself in work. In his activities. Buys two new plants the very next day, runs twice as far as he usually would, tries a series of new poses that leave him a sweaty, frustrated mess on the floor of his living room, all in the vain hope of escaping the specter of Dean Winchester that feels as though it haunts his every waking moment.
And just like that, Dean feels as though he could shatter apart, in the best possible way.
And then—right as Dean’s heart is about to explode and he’s ready to go start digging himself a hole to climb into from sheer mortification—Cas smiles.
Then lets his hand fall away and slowly leans back against the couch.
Castiel stares down at his arms. His fingers are curled into fists, his nails biting so deeply into his palms that they threaten to draw blood.
“Thank you for sharing that with me, Dean.”
Cas can’t help the tiny smile that tugs at the corner of his mouth. Dean seems keen to see him, if the speed of his replies and the smiley face are anything to go by. Some of his worries dissipate, and as he sets his phone aside and returns to his work, he soon realizes that he’s
And then flickering black.
Dean nods, inhaling and taking a moment to collect himself before straightening back up. His head throbs, and he can feel the burn of wounds on his shoulder, his back, his thigh. It takes all his energy to reach down and pull off his boots and his socks, gritting his teeth against the ache in his muscles.
bedroom, to celebrate what an incredible milestone today has been. If someone had told him at the start of this year that he’d be in a steady, committed, loving relationship with a submissive, he’d have laughed—and then maybe had a nervous breakdown.
it. I need you to feed me, or fuck me, or—or
It’s just one dance.
And then he leaves, and it's just Dean, sitting at his desk and staring down at the empty paper.
“You doin’ okay?”
They sit in silence, Castiel taking drags from his cigarette until it’s almost gone. He offers a new one to the boy, who seems to consider it for a long moment before eventually shaking his head no.
He’s right—part of the importance of the matching ball is to dance, to see how you fit with your prospective familiar, but Dean hasn’t even come
to be his sub, and that means that Dean trusts him.
Cas straightens up and takes a moment to check over his outfit and meticulously ensure that everything is in its right place. There’s no doubt that anyone watching would immediately pin him as a crow familiar, and he wears his identity like a badge of pride. When he turns to look over at Dean, his eyes are so bright and
Castiel lowers his glass and meets Dean’s gaze, then turns his hand to admire his own knuckles.
His other hand holds open the door behind him, and a moment later Dean follows him through, closing an umbrella and giving it a few shakes out for good measure. They share a smile as the door swings closed—a private smile, one just for the two of them—and crowd close almost without thinking. Shoulders touching, elbows bumping, Dean’s head ducked slightly down to Castiel’s level, they take each other’s hands.
It’s only a minute before he gets his reply—bless his best friend.
Castiel resists the urge to pinch the bridge of his nose, and instead levels his friend with an unimpressed look. “And what makes it ‘not very me’? I’m an adult, I’m perfectly capable of making decisions like this. Hell, I’m even capable of surprising you every once in a while.” There’s a slightly bitter tone to his voice that he hadn’t intended, and he does feel a bit bad when Inias raises his hands placatingly.
A muffled thump sounds from the apartment next door, followed by a male voice raised loud enough that Dean can hear him through the wall, but not enough that he can make out any of the words.
It pulls a shiver out of Dean, and Castiel can’t help but smirk in satisfaction as he watches Dean collect himself, then keep working on their dinner. In the past, he’s felt bad about letting Dean bear the load of dinner-making by himself, but he makes up for it by cooking on the nights when Dean isn’t feeling it. Besides, Dean has told him that he likes it—that he enjoys cooking, and
Castiel frowns—something about that phrase seems vaguely familiar, though he can’t quite put his finger on it. “What?”
Dean makes a soft sound in the back of his throat, then nods. “I can wait,” he rasps, and his fingers tighten in Castiel’s shirt, then release it, smoothing out the crinkles. Without saying anything else, he climbs out of Cas’s lap, gives him one last look, then pads away on quiet feet and disappears through the open door of Castiel’s bedroom.
And if his usual outlets are no longer enough to calm his mind, then he’s just going to have to try harder.
The corner of Cas’s lips lifts in a smirk—he can clearly gauge Dean’s pleasure from his reaction and the shift in his scent. Lit by the moon and with his teeth slightly bared, he looks wild, and so stunning that it takes Dean’s breath away.
The cab drops them off just up the road from the warehouse. Dean tips the driver generously, and together, they climb out.
—and… today I’m going to ask him out. So wish me luck. But again, if you’re seeing this, I guess I don’t need it.”
This is going to be a very long rest-of-Castiel’s-hunting-career.
And his wings.
1: Storm (with stunning
There are pain meds in one of the drawers, and Dean fumbles around in the dark until his fingers close around the bottle. When he opens the cap, several pills spill out into his hand, and he inhales a shuddering breath.
Dean raises his hands, palm out. “I’m not asking for right now,” he says. “But I
“I don’t want to be like her, dad,” Cas whispers, face tipped up towards the grey sky. “I don’t want to be a Dom. I
At first, it sends Castiel into a panic—is that a no? Does Dean not want to move in? Why not? But his boyfriend, perceptive as he is, silences all his thoughts and fears with a smile and a kiss.
He simply rolls his eyes, amused, and finishes the word.
“Flick the safety off,” Dean is murmuring, fingers brushing Castiel’s. They’re so close—and yet, not quite there.
For now, he can sleep happy knowing that he has finally found an answer to the question in his heart.
It makes Castiel happier than he could possibly describe.
"Holy fuck," he breathes, and looks down at the silver ring on his left hand, forged out of the same metal that the Edenites seem to use for everything. He's married. This is
By the time their food is finished, Castiel has a reasonably comprehensive list of things that Dean likes, and to his honest surprise, none of it is what he thought it would be. There are orders, yes, but it seems that Dean enjoys them,
A warm, grounding hand rests on his knee.
Dean. He wants him to be safe, and happy.
Ruby’s gaze flicks between them, then settles on Castiel, her eyes narrowed slightly. “So this is the one that your boss has been jerking off over,” she muses, and there’s an accusatory sharpness to her tone that doesn’t sit well with Cas.
He'll be dressed up all fancy tonight, he's sure of that much, and that's all that matters.
Until he sees Dean.
It’s a surprisingly long while into their friendship until Castiel finds out that one of the assumptions (
He was lethal, even before he stepped foot on a battlefield.
? Without even telling me? And to someone I've never even met, are you insane?"
The barn doors blow open, sparks raining down on them, and then—
“What the fuck,” he breathes, and he swears the corner of the man’s lips tick up.
takes their car there to get fixed. People have tried—whether they’re just passing through, or new to town, and figure they’ll check out the shop that looks shiny and clean and modern.
With nerves in his stomach at the prospect of finally meeting the king, Dean makes his way into the tent. Bobby and Rufus are standing off to the side, but Dean can’t greet them until he has greeted the king, so he turns his attention to the man standing at the far end of the tent, facing away from Dean as he pores over a map table. For a moment, Dean watches him, noting the strength in his shoulders, the mess of his dark hair, the familiar way he holds himself…
And, of course, the mistletoe.
He reaches out and turns it over; the screen display is only lit for a few seconds before it turns itself off again, but it’s long enough for Castiel to see the message notification. Heart beating a little faster, he unlocks his phone and taps on the notification.
He drags himself out of bed and wanders out of his bedroom in his boxers—a luxury he can afford now that it’s just him in the apartment. It’s been a few weeks since Inias moved in with his girlfriend, and Castiel is finally starting to get accustomed to living alone. If he could, he’d get a cat to keep him company, but his apartment building is strictly against pets. Instead, he has his little family of houseplants dotted around the apartment now, and his first order of business for the day is to water them.
falling from Dean’s lips…
Dean opens his mouth, then closes it again.
“Hey, congrats on the ring, by the way,” he says, gesturing to Dean’s left hand. There’s a slightly wistful look on his face. “She must be quite something, if she could get us to settle down.”
.”>here.
, he reminds himself. It doesn’t matter how they dress, or how fed up with being dragged here Castiel is.
He can’t hear the audience past his earpieces, so he can get lost in the music, in the chords and his voice and the feelings that well up inside him. The hopelessness, the inability to move on, the longing and the feeling of
, and a split second where Dean feels all his forward momentum just
It’s been the perfect night. All their family and friends are here, everything has gone smoothly, and to top it all off, Cas looks fucking
, he feels like shit.
. It rings out, then goes dark. A few seconds later, it vibrates again.
“How do you know so much about spirits?” he asks, in a desperate attempt to distract himself from the new information that feels as though it might crush him.
He walks closer to the building, fingers twitching towards his gun but again, telling himself to
Dean, of course, is not thrilled about this newest hunt, but he relents anyway. He knows there’s no way he can win this argument.
The crow perched at the foot of Dean’s bed ruffles its feathers and lets an indignant-sounding
. But he’d been so wrong. All Castiel can do is shake his head, trembling fingers curling into the front of Dean’s shirt.
Dean blinks. "For... what?"
Dean makes a soft noise in the back of his throat when the fork, the other half of the ball speared on its tines, is offered to him. He takes it delicately, all careful teeth against metal, and Castiel watches as he chews and then swallows it.
angel.
The networking can wait.
“Just about,” Cas tells him, then curls his fingers around Dean’s tie and pulls him in for a kiss.
Castiel steps over the threshold, setting his bag down beside the door as Dean closes it behind them. He’s come prepared tonight—a change of clothes, his own toothbrush, and a couple of books that he feels might interest Dean.
Emboldened by the sight of his car and the taste of escape on his tongue, he goes to step around the corner—
Dean presses his forehead against Cas’s, who takes that as his cue to steal a few more quick kisses. When he nips at Dean’s bottom lip, Dean can’t help the groan that escapes him, and he curls his fingers into the front of that fucking awful sweater.
“And here, wait for it… ‘I am not left-handed either,’ and he switches too! Fuck, Cas, isn’t it so badass?”
This time, the raven is
Singer just inclines his head silently. He’s not going to get any extra information, then—but he’s gotten used to that, after so long in the Secret Service. There are always things going on that are above his pay grade or none of his business. He steps away from his post and follows Singer when he turns and walks away, surreptitiously straightening his suit. Wherever they’re going, whoever Singer might be taking him to see, he needs to look like the damn professional that he is.
“I don’t know how much more I can do,” he says, every word sharp and tense, “to show you that there’s more to being a Dominant than just abusing people. You need to make a choice—you need to be all the way in, or all the way out. I can’t keep doing this fucking half-half thing, because that’s not the kind of person I am.”
Castiel tries to breathe, focusing on the feeling of soft leather against his palm, and feels his throat loosen just a fraction.
And then there's Dean, who today has tasked himself with making sourdough donuts. Honestly, he's pretty fucking excited for it—he's never tried to make donuts like this before, and he has a feeling that they're definitely going to turn out well.
“I am too,” he confesses with a shy smile, “I just… need you to be patient with me. I don’t know much, and this is so out of my comfort zone that I…”
thinking,” he says unconvincingly, “I’m just…
Because it should feel good to finally get that off his chest, and admire it to himself… but it doesn’t.
. So far Castiel’s last few nights have consisted of him going home, ordering takeout, then working on his laptop on the couch until he falls asleep there. The ghost of Dean haunts his kitchen, his shower, his bed.
is into someone like
Yeah, Dean is definitely looking forward to tonight.
1: Adventure. 2: Doubt.
He’d been so sure that Johnnie would be the same as him, that he’d be stuck here. Is that not the norm?
When he opens his eyes again, he finds Cas just watching him, gentle consideration in his gaze. For a few moments, neither of them speak, the weight of Dean’s words hanging in the air between them.
Dean barely has time to react before strong hands are grappling him to the forest floor, and he grunts as he lands on his shoulder, instinctively trying to wriggle free of Cas’s grip. He manages to half-escape, but Cas follows, pinning him down with more strength than Dean had expected. The guy must be packing some serious muscle beneath his clothes.
“Yes!” Inias does a tiny fistpump, while further into the apartment, Castiel hears a muffled shout of “Congratulations, Cas!” from Hannah. He feels himself blush all the way to the tips of his ears.
Dean introduces Castiel to music.
“Thank you,” Castiel tells Dean sincerely. “I’ll let you know if I need anything, otherwise I’ll come to say good night before I sleep.”
It’s going to take some adjusting to, that’s for sure, but if Bobby trusts him with the farm (and hadn’t even given him a damn choice about taking on all this responsibility) then he has to see it through.
Castiel’s love has only made him feel more alone.
Castiel lets his fingers open, and as the gun falls to the deck, so does he.
“Hey, Castiel,” she says, and Castiel jerks himself out of his cataloguing haze, because it’s not often that the Collections Manager comes down to the basement without it being for a specific project or purpose. “Do you have time for a quick chat?”
“Hurry up and fuck me, please?” he asks, a smirk curling his lips. This time, he’s ready, and he leans back into the blows as Cas spanks him across both cheeks. He must decide that Dean needs a little more discipline, though, because he doesn’t stop at one and instead rains down a flurry of blows across Dean’s ass. Dean gasps and whines and cries out, resisting the urge to muffle his sounds against the mattress.
It’s not overly flirtatious. Not forced, or leering, or in any way ‘too much.’ It’s a genuine compliment, with the smallest hint of flirtation, and Castiel really doesn’t know what to do about this. Dean is still being friendly and charming, even though Castiel had tried his best to close him out last time (in a way that had given the poor artist whiplash, he’s sure, but that couldn’t be avoided). The world is so fucking unfair to have put that band around his wrist and that chemistry in his brain.
. This man doesn’t seem to be a spirit, he doesn’t look the same as any of the other spirits Castiel has met, but he can
Maybe there’s a tiny spark of hope after all.
From the store room, it’s easy to slip back out the door and find a conveniently open porthole—he doesn’t need to guess as to how the other thieves managed to get onto the ship without him or Spencer seeing, it seems.
Their moment is cut through by steel-laced words. “Who are you talking to, Dean?” the man asks sharply, his gaze flitting between the boy and the vague area where Castiel is. He has no idea what’s actually there, but the boy—Dean? He is laser-focused.
He radiates vulnerability, from his voice to his expression to his scent. It must be hard for a king, so accustomed to giving orders or getting what he wants, to be
"Why are you parked here?" Dean asks. It's not the best conversation starter, but it's the first thing that comes to mind.
“It’s okay,” he says, giving a small shrug of his shoulders. “I’ve had a long time to get used to it. It’s the reason I don’t really come here very often, though. I don’t… I don’t like looking at it.”
The motel room is poorly decorated but clean, totally uniform in the way that most motel rooms are. He could be
Deep inside him, some biological part of his brain preens, happy and proud with the knowledge that he has satisfied his submissive. He’d never expected dominating to be like this—never expected dominating to be anything other than firm hands and cruel words, to tell the truth.
Hi promise earns a content sigh from Castiel, and the two of them settle into a comfortable position, curled around each other. “I love you,” Dean whispers into Cas’s hair, and Cas hums quietly against Dean’s chest.
For now, he lets Cas enjoy his victory, watching the crowd applaud him with a proud smile. When Cas turns to face him, still beaming, Dean gives him a small, respectful bow, as is befitting of the contest’s loser… then steps up close, cups Cas’s face in his hands, and kisses him soundly.
He’s dark-haired and tall, probably about the same height as Dean, but what catches Dean’s eye the most about him is the way he wields his machete. It’s as though it’s an extension of his arm, flashing silver in the sunlight as it spins and slices.
What a foolish hope.
For Dean to have put all of his limited energy into creating a tiny little sprout from nothing, just for Castiel… he knows how hard that is, considering Dean has only been a spirit for a few months, and so the weight of the gift is not lost on him.
Written as a birthday gift for
It starts to rain as he turns off the main road and passes through the cemetery gates to the small parking lot inside.
“Hey! Can I help you?”
‘Novak’ isn’t a name he’s used since he left behind the magical world and withdrew from his psychometric consultations. For someone to be turning up now, using his name and looking for all the world like they have an itch that can only be scratched with ancient treasure and adventure…
Sam is already in the car, waiting for them, but as they get closer, Cas stumbles, almost falling. The
“You motherfucker, did you film this?”
, Cas!” he shouts, and his voice cracks but he ignores it, pushes on. “I don’t—I’m not in love with you, or whatever the fuck you think is going on here. That shit there?” He points at the mixtape, and Castiel looks down at it too, as though he’d forgotten he was holding it. “It’s not a love letter. It’s simply because your taste in music fucking sucks, and I’m trying to
Dean nods, focused in a way that Castiel has come to understand means he’s concentrating on using his angelic senses. “It’s out there, but not too far. I can hear it changing.”
in like he’s drowning.
Eventually, the minutes tick down towards midnight, and the radio hosts begin their countdown.
Throughout the years, many people have reported strange happenings. Lost items turning up by the front gates, nearly-dead flowers looking alive and revitalized the next day, the cracks in the headstones of loved ones repairing themselves and disappearing.
After that night, something changes between them. There’s a tension that wasn’t there before, more than just Castiel’s frustration with Dean, and it simmers away under the surface in every single one of their interactions.
There’s blood on their clothes and dirt beneath their nails, but even so, as he watches Dean where he sits behind the wheel of the Impala, Castiel is suddenly struck by this previously-unnamed feeling. In the moonlight and the occasional headlights of the passing cars, even exhausted as he is, Dean is beautiful, soft in this quiet moment, and—
Castiel feels his heart sink as Dean turns to look at him, indecision fading into determination.
Cas’s voice rings in Dean’s ears like a thousand discordant meat grinders, and he cries out even as he keeps running, hands pressed tightly over his ears. But no matter how hard Dean tries to block it out, it’s coming from
Dean snorts. “I hope so too, for both of our sakes. C’mon, go shower, I’ll make breakfast, and then we can go track down this amulet.”
Because no matter how much Dean wishes they were anything else, Castiel is a prince, and Dean will never be anything more than a stable boy.
He must have said something wrong, because his tutor just shakes his head. "I'm sure you'll think of something, Your Highness. That is the point of the exercise, after all. If you can become friends with someone you have never seen, without them ever knowing your status, then I will have prepared you well for your future as the king."
It feels as though the whole school is holding its breath, waiting for one of the two to make a move. There have been betting pools going for months as to how and when it will finally happen—but no one is expecting it when it does.
Dean pulls his hand back from the stone and looks up at the sunlight still streaming through the hole in the roof. The sun is still shining, the temple still stands, and despite the sound, it doesn’t seem that anything has changed. Dean certainly hasn’t been zapped out of existence for daring to touch an ancient ritual item, which is always a relief.
He’s only been teaching himself for the last few days, following along with videos on the YouTube, but he already sounds wonderful. Watching Dean play, head bowed and hands moving over the guitar…
The distant rumble of a car brings him out of his thoughts.
This ficlet now has an amazing podfic by
Yeah, he kinda gets it now.
And then there’s a snap of wings, and he’s gone.
“Yes, it’s nice. Why won’t you tell me the name?”
“Anyway,” he finishes quietly. “I hope you like them.”
“Congratulations!” She props a hip against the doorframe of his office and crosses her arms. “Whoever he is, he must be really good for you—you seem so much happier than you did last week. We have a big staff dinner at the end of every year, you should bring him along! My wife always complains that she has no one to talk to because we’re all nerds,” she tells him, laughing. “What does he do for work?”
“—don’t know what to do, Anna. It’s been weird ever since, and I don’t want to make things awkward, but what if he doesn’t feel like that? I just want everything to go back to how it was before, but I… I don’t even know if that’s an option any more.”
And then, before he even knows what he’s doing, his feet are carrying him outside.
only found out... what, three days ago? So I really haven't had much chance to process the fact that I won't ever get the chance to marry for love."
Instead, it slips out in that single quiet moment in their kitchen, as the sun sinks lower in the sky and bathes their apartment in gold.
Dean leans to the side, trying to see if it’s anyone he recognises through the glass door without them being able to see him, and when he realises who it is, he relaxes straight away. Now
It takes him a second to realize what he’s said—for the weight of his words to properly hit him.
Which means that they’re stuck in their apartment together for two full weeks, with no way out and no one to talk to but each other.
He would do anything for love. For Dean. But there’s one thing he cannot do—can
Castiel would talk to the wagon driver if he could, but it doesn’t seem like anyone who is still alive can see him. He’s tried waving in front of people’s faces, or yelling at them, or trying to touch them, but he either phases through their body or is completely ignored. So the wagon driver isn’t an option.
Castiel doesn’t know who moves first, but one of them must, because between one second and the next, there are fingers curling in the front of his shirt, Dean’s body beneath his hands, Dean’s
certain that Dean is one of the good guys, but…
Dr. Adler is watching him, a smirk on his lips like he knows the impact that his decision is having on Castiel. “I—thank you, I wasn’t expecting this at all, thank you, sir,” he stammers out.
He’s thirty years old, for fuck’s sake, he shouldn’t be getting this anxious about
“Okay,” he says, trying to regain control of his emotions and get a grip on the situation. “I saw a boat moored on the next pier over, a fancy motorboat or something. Could you get it to run?”
shitty a person.”
“See ya, Cas,” Dean says, giving a quick wave as he backs away. For a few moments, their gazes meet, neither of them wanting to look away first—until Dean almost trips over the curb.
Show some love to the original
“You ran,” Cas points out.
, but he’s not the right Cas.
“Fine,” he grumbles, but gives her the tiniest of nudges against her shoulder to let her know that he’s thankful. “I’ll make an appearance at this stupid fucking ball.”
Castiel hums from his place on the couch, turning away from his book for a moment to look out the window. It’s almost dark outside, but the firelight from inside the cabin illuminates the snowflakes falling just outside the window. “So it is,” he murmurs with a smile, setting his book aside and arching into a stretch.
He sighs out his breath, then reaches for the box and pulls it onto his lap with a nod. “Yeah. Yes, I’m okay. I just… give me a second to figure out what I want to say.”
The universe, as has always been the case, does not reply.
“I think you might be right.”
Naomi Novak smiles a smile that does not reach her eyes.
The Queen claps her hands sharply, and Dean lets his gaze shift away from Castiel's. "Very good," she says. "Let's bring you inside, where we can get you cleaned up and relaxed for a little while before the ceremony, shall we?"
Castiel glances over at Dean's car, then back up at Dean, a confused frown creasing his brow. "I—what are you saying?"
The reassuring words settle around Castiel like a caress, and he nods, giving Dean’s hand a little squeeze. “Thank you, Dean. The same goes for you, of course, although I assume this is all relatively small fry for you.”
Show some love to the original
Castiel swallows, taking in the grim humor in the tightness of Dean’s lips. He doesn’t know how to respond to that, so he stays silent, dropping his gaze down to his menu once more. All the words are jumbling together, and his chest feels so tight that he can hardly focus.
Even just the suggestion is enough to provoke a visceral response from Castiel. Touching that cold metal, feeling all those memories of pain and violence…
Castiel sinks down onto his branch, pressing the side of his face against the trunk and wishing it was possible to feel the bite of the bark against his skin. To feel
“Uh, yeah,” he says, clearing his throat when his words come out a little rough. “I’m looking to buy some stuff, but I was wondering if I can sell to you as well?”
The royal family had barely even looked at Dean and his father and the other staff, but Dean hadn’t been paying much attention to what the adults were doing, anyway. This was more finery than he had ever seen in his life, and he was mesmerized by the richness and the shine of it; the way the sunlight glinted off golden crowns and fabric whiter than the clouds above.
, how smart is his baby brother?) while he’s studying there, so here he is. Barely functioning after an hour’s sleep and three cups of coffee, feeling so tense that he’s one small disaster away from vibrating out of existence.
And so Sam does. They keep their camera equipment in the back, ranging from little GoPros to much more complicated and expensive equipment—they chase for fun, but if they can make some money off it in the meantime, they may as well, right?
, I—”
And then he met Dean, and he gave it all up,
Or so he’d thought.
He looks over at his boyfriend, lying on the carpet and chatting with Inias about what Castiel had been like in college. The two of them keep shooting him amused, conspiring looks, but he really can’t bring himself to care. His boyfriend and his best friend are getting along, and that’s all he could have asked for.
“What I said, sir,” he repeats, enunciating more clearly this time, “is to please scan your
Or, at least, he
good. And when people like that love what Dean does just as much as he does, and get the same kick out of it?
And then the reality of Dean’s words hit him, and his eyes widen. Holy shit, he had not been expecting Dean to figure it out so quickly.
nothing.
Warm light streams through the window of Dean’s studio and drapes itself over his canvas, illuminating his paints in brilliant hues and shades of grey. Stroke by stroke, his work is coming together, and it’s easy to lose himself in it by way of sheer practice and love for his art. Painting, for him, is so much more than just work—it’s love, it’s dedication, it’s hours and hours spent striving for perfection.
"No, you can't," Castiel agrees. He steps back, tipping his head towards where Dean's workstation is still set up. "Shall we get started on this dough so that we can actually make it home at a reasonable hour tonight?"
If this is true, and Dean is who he says he is… the insider information he could have might be enough to bring down the Campbell mafia for good. Castiel lowers his gun a little, but keeps his fingers curved against Dean’s throat while he weighs his options, and the likelihood that Dean isn’t tricking him right now.
The man slips out from behind his cover, a quick-moving shadow between the trees, but Dean is faster and throws his next knife with a sharp snap of his wrist. It sings through the air and grazes across the alpha’s bicep a half-second before he disappears behind the next tree. Dean hears the sharp hiss of his inhale, and feels satisfaction curl in his gut.
, before he and Dean follow Zachariah away from the dinner.
Dean finds Cas standing by the Impala, holding an umbrella he must have snagged from the teachers’ room and looking grumpy as ever. “My knight in shining armor,” he grumbles sarcastically as Dean joins him under the umbrella, breathless and a bit damp from his run to the car.
And, surprisingly, rest they do. Trouble doesn’t find them, as it so often has.
So when he kneels at the end of his bed one night and pours his heart out about the one person in his life he couldn’t live without…
He tries not to think about Cas seeing him like this, unable to even stand. He tries, and he tries, and he fails, and when his chest hurts so much he can hardly bear it, he forces himself up. His hands grab onto the cabinets for balance, and he bears his weight on his good leg.
His eyelids feel heavy, and the fabric of the pillow beneath his cheek is rougher than usual, and for a second, he can’t quite remember why.
“Aim… and fire.”
“Hi,” he chokes out, which is a little embarrassing considering he’s always had good game, even around jaw-droppingly hot people, but holy fuck, this guy is on another level entirely. “I’m Dean. You are?”
When Naomi laughs, it’s sharp and bitter and grates on Castiel’s ears.
to pass on, to leave this world behind and find out what comes next. But that had never been an option.
Dean swallows and shifts in his seat.
Cas doesn’t say anything. Doesn’t need to. The gentle hands he lays on Dean are enough, the way his fingers curl across Dean’s head and rest on his shoulder like a steady balm. Dean could almost sob with relief, and he can feel it, clawing its way up his throat.
But regardless, even though he tells himself he’s okay, that he’s resigned to an afterlife of solitude…
With Dean.
—that’s something only Inias knows, a broken confession during one of Castiel’s lowest lows.
“Here we are,” Dean says—somewhat redundantly, Castiel thinks with a hint of amusement that seems out of place in this situation. “Stay with me, I’m going to find a way in. No matter how tempting it might be to look around, don’t leave my side, okay?”
The corners of Dean’s mouth pull down, and he quickly finishes up whatever he’s doing on the computer before shutting it down and stepping out from behind the desk. “How about we go find some dinner, then, and you can tell me what’s going on in your head.” He doesn’t bother with a jacket like Castiel has, just pats his pockets to make sure he’s got everything that he needs and then looks expectantly at Castiel.
He drops his phone onto couch and puts his head into his hands. It’s starting to feel like there’s a lot he doesn’t know about his own designation, and he can feel the weight of it crushing him. All the years of hiding, of suppressing, of ignoring… they’re coming back to bite him now.
It’s only once the Continental is back in sight, with a clear run between them and freedom, that Castiel forgets himself.
<< Yeah, Cas. I’ll move in with you :)
was to get in my head, then it fucking worked. But I didn’t
For a long time, the two of them stand side by side in the snow, just watching the stars.
. All this time, he’s been flirting with,
Galaxies, collapsing stars, every marvel and wonder of space, here on the bedroom walls of Dean Winchester. For a good minute, they both look; Dean open-mouthed at the quiet beauty of Castiel’s piece, and Castiel with a soft gaze at the only person he would ever go to such lengths for in all of creation.
They still don’t talk much, but Dean has started to smile whenever Castiel arrives, and it feels like
, it seems. “If it's those college kids again,” Castiel grumbles under his breath, mentally readying himself to have to chase a bunch of young adults out of his cemetery.
Castiel goes to his first Pride event, and has some realisations.
Each time, he watches the hearses with bated breath, his shoulders slumping (in relief, or disappointment?) when he realizes that it’s not Dean. They’re still spirits that Castiel has to care for, though, and so he tries not to look as exhausted as he feels, and silently wills the spirits to say their goodbyes and cross over as quickly as possible so that he can return to his vigil from the top of the sign. Usually, he likes to take his time with these things—make the most of having another soul who can see him, make sure they get closer, hell, even walking to and from the gravesite like an actual alive person would.
So he doesn’t push, doesn’t pry, just says, “See you tonight,” and forces himself to climb out of Dean’s car—otherwise he’s
Well. Considering everything Dean had told him, and how awful his day had sounded, that had gone surprisingly well.
Dean snorts softly, then lets sleep pull him under once more.
a fucking issue.
And if she has a quiet word with Ash in the corner, who stares at her in disbelief and then reluctantly hands over a twenty dollar bill, well.
“What on earth?” Castiel mutters under his breath, but Dean just hooks his arm through Castiel’s and tugs him forward, holding the door open until they’re both through and then letting it fall closed behind them.
, someone he thought was unpresented. Someone he would be able to be involved with without being afraid of himself, his nature, everything inherently negative that he associates with being a Dom. But that’s not the case, because Dean is a
Immediately, Dean switches from relaxed to alert, fingers closing around the hilt of one of his knives.
The first call comes at six-thirty.
Dean’s voice is deep and rich and beautiful, flowing like molasses along with the tempo of the song. The moments of distortion are exceptionally timed, his falsetto a perfect crest before he falls back into the melody, and by the time he’s belting out the chorus, head tipped back and eyes closed like he’s in the middle of a religious experience, Castiel is lost.
For a few moments, he just stares at the bed, his heart racing in his chest. He stands there until he can’t stay still any longer, those images playing on a loop in his head, and then he pulls on his trousers and makes his way over to the door.
, and he’s sick of trying to figure out exactly why he feels so flat, when he’s putting as much of himself as he can into trying to find happiness.
Still, the thought makes him wonder what a full patrol of omega warriors would be able to accomplish if they were deployed into the forests. The Daemons would be largely unprepared for the stealth tactics mastered by omegas, and he makes a note to suggest the idea to the king once he gets an audience.
He trails off, the last few words failing to form around the lump in his throat.
For a long time, the forest around Dean is silent. There are a few bird calls here and there, but apart from that, everything is eerily, hauntingly silent. The shadows continue to lengthen, the light fading into a charcoal-gold that dwindles even as Dean waits. No one’s passed by here in the hour that he’s been waiting, and he’s beginning to think that Cas has changed his mind—if he was even coming in the first place.
As it turns out, Google has a
It’s Benny.
,” he murmurs, “I’m more dangerous than anyone you’ve ever met. If you want to be let off at the next station and risk your luck with the Alliance, fine by me. But I’ve killed members of the Alliance, and I’ve killed
Eventually, he talks to Cas about it on a clear night, both leaning against the hood of the Impala and looking up at the stars. He tells him about everything.
Breakfast is a low-key affair. Castiel doesn’t have the energy to make anything fancy, especially when the act of doing so only reminds him of last Sunday morning, when he had shared his kitchen so easily with Dean, trading sleepy smiles over mugs of coffee and the smell of cooking bacon.
“Good morning,” Castiel replies, smiling. Alfie is a recent hire, a little younger but making up for his inexperience with enthusiasm. “Still working on the new pamphlets for the Roman wing?”
And now it’s Castiel’s turn to say, “Oh.” Dean smiles at him when he looks over, and there’s nothing but acceptance and understanding there. For the first time, sharing this part of himself feels like a weight has been lifted off Castiel’s shoulders.
what to do to make Dean lose his goddamn mind. It's not long at all before Dean is dangerously close to blowing his load.
Still, they gather to bury Castiel as a town, and Castiel follows them, and tries to ignore the whispers said behind his family’s back, the thanks said to God that the town had not lost someone more beloved.
Dean tries to keep an eye on him while also working on the paper he has due next week, but by dinnertime, he’s running a fever. There’s a bad feeling in the pit of Dean’s stomach that doesn’t go away, especially not when Cas’s coughing keeps him up for part of the night, and so in the morning, they bundle him into Dean’s car, and take him to get tested.
Then, while he’s still disoriented and quick as a snake, Castiel curves his hand against Dean’s shoulder and shoves downward, knocking his feet apart and sending him to his knees on the carpeted floor. He’s beautiful there, all wide, surprised eyes as Castiel shifts his grip and tangles his fingers into that already-messy hair.
Sleep does not come easy.
Instead, he focuses on his breakfast and his tea, and lets his mind wander. His crockery is something he’s possessed for long enough that many of the memories associated with it have faded, and so he’s able to just let his mind drift without the conscious effort of blocking that is required with other things. All in all, it’s a lovely start to his day.
This is the last time he drinks with Inias without having a completely free schedule the next day, though. He’s clearly starting to get too old for the partying stuff that came so easily during his college years.
“Come inside,” Sam pleads. “He’s not coming home. Not tonight.”
He makes his way over, but when Castiel can barely turn to look at him, Dean must realize that something is up. “Cas?” he asks, confusion and worry coloring his voice as he takes a seat on the bench beside Castiel. “What’s wrong?”
When Dean’s gaze flicks up to Castiel’s face for a moment, Cas is watching him, and the corner of his mouth quirks up in a smile even though his signing never falters.
If Dean isn’t going to tell him what he wants… well, it might be time to do some experimenting. Castiel has a good idea of what he likes, after all, both from their conversations and from Dean’s reactions to certain stimuli.
Instead, he stiffly closes the distance between himself and the table, and he can see the moment that the stranger realizes he’s there. The guy straightens up, and his blue eyes go from friendly to sharp as he appraises Castiel.
The heat helps relax him somewhat, and Castiel lets himself loosen up, the tension from this evening’s adventures fading out of his muscles.
, he thinks,
“Were you watching me sleep?” he asks after a few moments, lips ticking upwards as he watches Dean’s cheeks flush.
The ugly Continental is parked out the front of the farmhouse, and Dean has never been so happy to see such a shitty car in his life. “Dean Winchester,” he says, and the hunter must have heard of his family, because he raises his eyebrows. “You?”
Castiel takes a seat beside him, and even though they have the entirety of the bench to themselves, Dean can't help but focus on the way their knees touch under the table.
The wind is whipping through his hair, catching at his clothes. He’s pretty sure he left his stomach up on that balcony.
Cas exhales.
But then, out of the silence, he swears he hears the faintest sounds of a whisper—
keep freaking out about your painting.”
I made myself cry writing this, so I really hope you guys like this chapter as much as I do. It feels like a fitting almost-end to this story that I have given so much of my heart to and enjoyed writing so much <3
A guy. Of course.
“Doesn’t matter. Not right now, anyway.”
"Prince Dean, meet Prince Castiel of Eden. Your betrothed."
different?
Over the years, Dean grows up, and many things about him change, but many also stay the same.
, either. Instead of explaining, Castiel just grabs Dean’s hand off his bicep and presses his palm against his chest instead, holding it there until Dean feels the shape of the ledger beneath Castiel’s jacket and his eyes widen in realisation.
Even with Dean’s apparent lack of spatial awareness, though, they work well together. Dean is quick to learn the ins and outs of Castiel’s kitchen, asking where things are located or for Castiel’s opinion on this or that. It’s not long before the burgers are done cooking and they’re standing side by side at the kitchen counter, their elbows bumping while they each assemble the burgers.
Except, as it turns out… running doesn’t always work so well when you’re trying to run away from an
Dean snorts his amusement at the second half of Cas’s statement, then turns away towards the coffee machine to hide the flush warming his cheeks. God, he’s like a fucking schoolgirl around Cas. “Busy day today? That reminds me, I need to come and get some more work done by you. I’ve got a couple of ideas that I’d love to get your opinion on.”
“Cas,” he chokes out, unable to think beyond anything other than those five words, because
He uses his grip on Novak's hair to pull him down further, until he's taken Dean in as far as he can possibly go. Even then, Castiel takes it like a champ, his throat relaxed even with his nose barely nudging against Dean's pelvis. It has to be up there with one of the hottest things he's ever seen. "Never thought you'd be this good," he gasps out, and Castiel seems to take that as a challenge.
Show some love to the original
. You don’t get to pick and choose when you listen to my authority, no matter what
His life has begun again… and there is more that his future holds.
Dean had asked.
with speeches, and this one is no less nerve wracking).
“No,” he says, with a little shake of his head. “I’ve never crossed over. I have no idea what’s on the other side. I wish I knew, but… I’ve always just been stuck here.”
, it looks so good in the space they’ve designated as
His last words carry the hint of a tease, and Dean rolls his eyes fondly.
“This.” The book falls open on a specific page. When Dean turns back to Castiel, they seem to realize just how close they are at the same time—Dean jerks back in surprise, and Castiel quickly shuffles back to where he’d been sitting.
“You’re right…” he says slowly—not letting himself overthink his words, just letting them come out as they are. “I need someone to help me with this so I don’t keep spiraling. And I know we haven’t known each other long, but—but I
It’s not very reassuring to think that he looks as bad as he feels right now, but from the way Dean’s worry seems to
He dreads it already—the period of existing
But something within him doesn’t feel quite right about the definition of
how Castiel ticks.
He should’ve expected this question.
And that was how it started, in the beginning.
If only Castiel knew
, but it’s
At least he feels bad about it—and
He huffs a quiet laugh, and leans a little more of his weight on Dean, letting his boyfriend hold him up. “Just my boss being shitty again. He’s invited me and Anna to this fancy Christmas dinner that the execs do with the major donors each year—because we’ve been doing ‘such great work.’ Not that I want to go, of course, but I don’t really get a choice.
Something pulls behind Castiel’s sternum—faint, but there.
inside of Dean, who can’t help the moan that escapes him as Cas bottoms out and immediately sets a pace that threatens to make Dean’s toes curl. Holy
Castiel snorts in amusement and shakes his head fondly. “You might be onto something there,” he acknowledges with a smile, and Dean’s grin grows impossibly wider.
The one to run.
"The ability to conduct oneself through writing is one of the most important skills a king can possess," his stern-faced tutor had told him when he was younger. He'd never understood the appeal—all his other classes were much more fun, and he much preferred getting to be outside learning weaponry or horseback riding. But literacy and education were part of his tutelage, and he hadn't quite learned how to stand up to his father quite yet, so he bore the lessons with much grumbling and impatience.
He reaches out, turns his phone over so that the black screen is facing down on his nightstand, then flips over to the next page of his book and tries to focus on the words in front of him.
It’s too much. “I have to go,” Castiel whispers, and the last thing he sees before he disappears is the downturn of Dean’s lips, and a deep, heartbreaking sadness in those stunningly green eyes.
Adler just shrugs dismissively. “Castiel said he wasn’t feeling well, and wanted him to come. He’s just a submissive, albeit not a very good one.”
This time, the reply comes through almost immediately.
Or, at least, that was his plan.
He’s out by the edge of the lake, looking out over the water as the sun continues to rise above the horizon. His jacket is still inside, the coin still tucked into its pocket, and Dean’s bare feet dig into the sand right at the water’s edge. It’s nice out here. Tranquil.
Castiel’s heart clenches in his chest. The feeling is an achingly familiar one, and he lets his fingers curve against the back of Dean’s neck, smiles faintly as Dean leans into the touch. “I know,” he murmurs. “I’m so sorry you had to feel that way.” For a few seconds, he thinks over the details of what Dean had just said, and then he asks—
He’s pretty sure that Dean already knows.
All he can do is put up a wall and try to move on.
Only a few minutes pass before quiet footsteps catch Castiel’s attention. He glances up from his perusal of Netflix, and there’s Dean, standing in the doorway with a plate balanced on the flats of his hands. The food on it is carefully positioned and well-presented, and despite the meal they just finished, Cas’s stomach growls quietly at the sight of chocolate-dipped fruit and bite-sized pieces of pie. “So that’s what the big secret was about?” he asks with a smile, leaning back against the couch.
“So I met this girl at the bar in town last night.”
feels bad about taking his emotions out on the poor guy, but between the short notice, and the fact that he’s marrying an Edenite, and the feelings that have been developing towards C since they were just
By the time he’s finished planning and talking strategy with Bobby, Rufus, and the few captains who filter in and out, night has well and truly fallen, and Dean’s stomach is rumbling. He’s dismissed when it finally gets too loud to ignore, and sent on his way with a gentle cuff from Rufus that only his father’s oldest friends, who’ve known him since he was a pup, could get away with.
"Neither was I," Dean admits, and he laughs breathlessly. "I've had a crush on you for fuckin' forever, you know. That's what I was thinking about, down at the Quidditch Pitch. Yeah, I was thinking about graduation, and next year, and all that stuff, but... I was also thinking about you."
And watches as Dean walks away from him yet again.
“How are you feeling?” he asks gently.
Now protected from the rain, Dean dashes out to his car, and manages to get his project inside—safe, dry and all in one piece.
“What do you mean, around you?” Dean asks quietly, leaning back in his chair. Novak’s words feel like a physical blow, one that has sent him reeling and that he feels he needs to recover from. He’d thought that they’d been friendly at the least, and had some kind of…
Maybe he’s made the wrong assessment about Dean’s vocal capability.
Like each of the previous times they’ve met, it’s quick, hurried, and
Back in his apartment, he orders takeout and collapses onto his couch. He’s too tired to expend much brain energy over worrying about his situation, and he vaguely remembers having left his phone on the kitchen counter, which is just way too far away for him to be bothered getting up retrieving it. Texting Dean is out of the question, then. By the time the food arrives, he’s idly enraptured by an ocean documentary. He eats his Indian food, stores the leftovers in the fridge, then collects his phone and makes his way to bed.
They don’t run back to the car—there’s no point now, the rain having soaked through to their skin. They just walk, the backs of their hands brushing with every step, water running in rivulets down their faces.
belong to them, but his whole life has been so quickly uprooted that to be standing here, in front of all these people, is a little overwhelming.
Either way, he’s glad to have put that particular holiday behind him. But now…
Suddenly, he’s wide awake, sitting bolt upright in the chair. The couch opposite him is empty—well, empty of people at least, but still covered in pieces of notepaper and Dean’s scrawled writing.
He pulls off completely, and Dean doubles over with a desperate sound, his cock twitching in the air. “
“Cas. Babe. You know I need you there tonight.”
in the silence that follows. It feels good to have finally gotten that out to someone who’s not Sam or some kind of medical professional.
“If there is, Cas… I couldn’t find it. I’m really sorry.”
Castiel hasn’t rested since the day that Dean had been supposed to come but didn’t—the day, he now knows, that Dean had died.
“I’m not going anywhere, Cas,” he says. His other hand comes up, curving against Castiel’s jaw, and Castiel can only stand there in shock as Dean leans in, tilts his head just a little to the side, and kisses him.
The fact remains that this man had saved his life,
He kisses Dean again, deeper than before, and revels in the knowledge that they’re both safe, that they’re together.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well?” she demands, her arms folded, chin raised imperiously.
Nothing else about Dean feels the same.
… he might have to look a little further afield.
you. I don’t even know where I’d begin looking for someone to help without you, and I think I need to try doing this with you. I…” He runs his fingers through his hair, closes his eyes for a moment. When he reopens them, he sees the edge of his tattoo peeking out from beneath the cuff of his sleeve, and it gives him that last push to voice the thoughts that have been circling in his mind ever since Dean first brought this up.
Mary Winchester’s grave.
“Cas.” The bed shifts as Dean gets up, and then his arms are wrapping around Castiel’s chest from behind, his lips pressing a line of kisses along his shoulder. “Babe, relax. I’ll look after you, and you’ll look after me, right?”
“And if I wasn’t working for you, you’d take me out on a date. Yes?”
got warning, huh?" he can’t help but ask. Suddenly, he's feeling a little less charitable towards Castiel, as bitterness rises up inside him once again. "Well, I'm so glad for you, because
At least he can have a fresh start out here. No one knows him. No one will look at him and say, “There’s Dean Winchester. Poor kid.”
“Yeah,” he says on an exhale, and while it doesn’t magically banish all his nervousness, it loosens the tension in his shoulders and across his chest just a little bit, and that’s enough.
Castiel waits for a reply, and waits some more, staring tiredly at the blank TV on the opposite wall while he waits for his phone to buzz. In the end, he gives up and calls the local Thai restaurant to order some takeout, and when he ends the call, he has a message from his friend.
“Love you too, bitch,” Dean retorts, and his grin has faded into softness. Side by side, the four of them continue to walk deeper into the cemetery, and Castiel has never been so grateful for his found family.
The monstera on the countertop doesn’t respond, but that’s nothing new. Instead, Dean just sips at his coffee as he checks over its leaves. “Another one coming in already?” he muses to himself, then reaches out to pat her pot. “Workin’ hard, darlin’. Keep at it.”
Castiel can feel the desperation in him, in every line of his body and in the way he’s trying to get himself back under control, so he smooths his hands gently over Dean’s thighs, then rises to his feet.
And Cas seems more than down. He’s leaning against Dean’s shoulder, totally relaxed and at ease in the presence of two hundred viewers and climbing. It’s a relief to see him reacting so well to the situation—not that Dean had
once this session is done.
When they separate once more, Dean’s eyes are bright and happy, and Cas can feel himself smiling, incredulous and deliriously relieved. Every fiber of Dean’s being radiates that same feeling that Castiel has felt in his heart for so long, and as if that wasn’t enough—
Now he knows what it feels like to date Cas, even just for one night. And he’s never going to forget it.
He’s comfortable and cozy, and pressed against something solid. It takes him a few moments to realise that that something solid is a person, and a few more to recall the events of last night—the documentary, the blowjob, the shower. Inviting Dean to stay the night.
Castiel casts his gaze around desperately, trying to find anything that he can use to figure out where the guards took Dean. Finally, his eyes land on the floor, on the dust kicked up in the scuffle.
existence, because the one person I ever loved in the entirety of my existence is
And so he sits down at his desk, pulls out a sheet of paper, and
Dean will never come back.
There’s a lot going on in Castiel’s head right now, but he tries to shut most of it out and focus on what he’s feeling. He can breathe again, the squeezing grip around his chest has loosened, and the room itself has stabilized once more to the point where it no longer feels like it’s spinning. “I feel better,” he confirms, and tries not to think about Dean’s theory and the fact that he’d been giving Dean indirect orders.
. Did you hear anything I just said?"
cares about,
coming from the forest.
And here he stands.
As if on cue, the hammering starts up again. Castiel stops his audiobook recording, slams his headphones down on the desk, and makes his way outside.
Dean has always been stoic. Stubborn.
He doesn’t recognize the sound of his own voice, doesn’t even realize he’s spoken until he’s pushing back from the table, his body moving without conscious thought. All he knows is that he needs distance and time to recollect his thoughts before this conversation with Dean goes any further, because right now, he’s hurting, and he knows he won’t be able to properly process anything else they say until he has a break.
Dean takes a second to weigh up the offer. He’s not sure that he’s a hundred percent up to socialising—he
True to Bobby’s word, Castiel knows as soon as he sees Dean pull out the pendant, before he even drops to one knee. His eyes go wide with shock, and Dean can feel his heart hammering in his chest, but he forces himself to continue.
He pulls Dean off his cock with frantic, shaking hands. Dean stares up at him with wide eyes and spit-slicked lips, and Castiel can already see the worry creeping in—did he do something wrong? Why was he asked to stop?
Dean is hard against his hip, and Castiel feels the same way, unable to stop himself rutting gently against Dean in search of any kind of friction.
“I’m sorry if I’m not doing a good job,” Cas continues. “I just… I don’t have much experience in being a boyfriend.” His laugh is quick, quiet and mirthless. “I’m surprised you wanted me, honestly.”
A (careful) shower and some clean clothes lift his spirits a little, but the fact remains that it’s not practical for Dean to be hobbling around his farm all day.
They watch from the sidelines, and it’s a while before Dean manages to choke out the words, “I think I’m bi.”
Ever since that day, the two have become fast friends. Castiel visits the stables whenever he can, and sometimes Dean sneaks up to the castle to meet him in the kitchens, but never ventures further than that. Friend of the crown prince or no, he knows the places that are above his status. No matter how much Castiel asks him, Dean refuses.
Castiel’s mornings always start with a cup of tea.
Adler smiles that shark smile and retracts his hand, pushing both into the pockets of his suit pants. “Why, I believe you can. One of our donors would like to speak with you about your work, and to thank you for the excellent job you’ve been doing that’s made her donations possible. I’m sure it will only take a minute of your time.”
to Dean’s insides.
Dean sits on the stone of his windowsill and looks out at the castle grounds, where the people down below are setting up lights and turning the grass into beautifully polished wooden floors. Tonight is the night he has been dreading for so long now.
“You want anything, Cas?” Dean asks as he makes lunch—chicken noodle soup, in the hopes of cheering them both up, with the limited supplies he’s managed to get delivered to their door.
And so he waits, with bated breath—
He’s going to
Damn it, there’s the idiot he fell in love with. Despite his own grief, Castiel levels a dry look at Dean—as unimpressed as he can make it considering the corners of his mouth are twitching up.
And now, the only question that remains is…
just a lot to unpack.
“You motherfucker.”
“Cas?” His voice wobbles, and when he presses a hand against Cas’s chest to steady him—
effect at all. Something else is in control of Dean’s ship now, and it’s all he can do to brace himself and hope that he makes it out alive.
There are so many variables, so many things that could still go wrong even though C already knows him better than any other human being in any kingdom, and it's that tiny kernel of fear and doubt that keeps Dean from revealing himself. Besides, he has his kingdom to think of. C doesn't have an allegiance to Winchester—what if the information that Dean has shared ends up being used against his kingdom? Not that he ever thinks that C would do that, but if his letter were to fall into the wrong hands...
“Evening, Detective.”
what’s going on and can be an active participant, and says
the angel looks. He’d never thought he’d be one for the scruffy, rebellious types up in Heaven, but fuck, was he wrong.
Written for JJ's birthday!
Cas blinks. For a few seconds, he regards Dean, his head tilted to the side, and then he smiles. It’s big and wide and melts Dean’s heart immediately. “You mean that?” Cas asks, his smile growing impossibly brighter when Dean nods.
He’s trying to make it as clear as he can that he wants it to be a date, without making a fool of himself. Damn it, he’s not good at this shit.
The trees around them slowly calm their rustling, until they’re perfectly still once more. Dean blows out a long breath.
Cas still isn’t totally symptom-free, though, so on the nights when they’re both feeling exhausted and sorry for themselves, they set themselves up on the couch with a block of chocolate between them and a classic movie playing on the TV.
“I guess the djinn just didn’t know what story to make up,” Dean says, his voice soft, “…because I’ve already got everything I could ever ask for.”
“Hey, dad,” he says, and his voice cracks on the second word. “I, uh. I turned eighteen today.”
—and Dean clears his throat.
Today, he’s curled up by the wall of the church, as small as he can make himself with his knees tucked up against his chest and his arms wrapped tightly around his legs. His loose stone is just a few feet away, but he can’t bring himself to look at his colelction. It would hurt too much.
“I’m Dean Winchester,” he says, then gestures to the bodies strewn at the other hunter’s feet, blood soaking into the green of the field. “Want a hand burnin’ those?”
It must be around noon when Dean comes to find Castiel where he’s sitting by the gazebo, idly flicking through a book he’d found last week on one on the benches. His steps are slow, and there are bags under his eyes, but despite clear exhaustion (what has he been up to?), there’s a wide smile on his face and a brightness in his eyes.
Castiel had thought he’d been the one in control, but really, Dean had been holding all the cards all along.
sibling-like that it makes Castiel smile. “Come on through, Cas,” Dean says with a tilt of his head towards the back room, and the nickname is
They take all the spoons from Novak's work station. Every single one, from the drawers and the cupboards and the countertop, big or small. They take every single spoon, and then they drop them into cake tins and pans and whatever else they can find. The metal clatters, and Dean shares a grin with Charlie. "Man, he's gonna be so
Because after so many years of following orders, and doing his duty…
No. He can’t let himself think about that right now. Currently, his priority needs to be getting Dean’s wound clean and looked after, and once all that is done…
… they belong to Cas now, and Cas’s to him. There’s no one else—there will
Today is one of those days. Dean’s breath is shaky, his heart hammering against Castiel’s chest.
He can start to see the clouds on the horizon, and reaches over to hit Sam in the shoulder, interrupting his flow of geekery. "Hey, look." He points over the dash, and Sam turns the camera around to get a shot of their view out the windshield, open road ahead and dark grey clouds beginning to gather on the horizon. "Thar she blows."
For the last one, Cas tugs down the waistband of the panties to bare his ass and strikes his bare skin, no doubt leaving a bright red handprint that makes Dean hiss between his teeth. “Sorry, sir,” he gasps out, curling his fingers into the duvet and pressing his cheek against the mattress.
Dean doesn’t show up—nor does he show up the next night, or the night after that.
Castiel feels his breath stutter in his chest, and he nods shakily. “Okay.”
Maybe one day he'll have the courage to take the leap.
His eyes lock with Dean’s.
Something tugs behind Castiel’s sternum—a feeling, an
Dean is quick to obey, but steady. He crosses to the table as though he’s floating, and crouches to set the cushion down—adjusts it carefully, so that it’s to his liking next to the chair Castiel usually sits at, then stands. He doesn’t move, just stays there, hands clasped behind his back. He’s half-turns towards Castiel, and Cas can see the beautiful curve of his jaw, the darkness of his eyelashes.
already…
So whatever information Dean needs to find not only needs to help them win this battle, but will also be relayed
They start slow, just how they’d planned it.
But this time… Dean is starting to realize that Cas may not actually come back. No matter how many times he’s typed out a text, he’s deleted them every single time, and never actually had the guts to reach out.
When the college acceptance letters start to arrive, Dean and Castiel both find themselves inundated with offers. They’d always said they’d try to stay together, to choose schools that are close to each other, if not the same.
“At the very least, I’ll have to pay you for today. And in person, because you’re way too handsome to never see again.”
. 24.
“I’m here to make a tip.”
He hadn’t understood, for a second.
Dean turns slowly, until he’s facing Castiel. His eyes are wide, lips parted in shock, as though he doesn’t know what to say. As if he didn’t expect this.
Dean can’t think, not when Cas is this close, with that fire in his eyes and a growl that makes Dean weak at the knees. He’s thought about kissing Cas so many times, and now they’re
It’s raining outside, hard enough that the gym has flooded and the parking lot outside resembles the local swimming pool. The students already inside the school are all of various shades of damp to drenched, and it’s a few minutes before the first bell rings that Castiel and Dean make their way inside.
As it turns out, the bathtub is
The door is unlocked, just like it always has been, and Dean slips inside, closing it carefully behind himself. The fireplace lights itself with just a thought and a flick of his fingers, roaring to life after being dormant for so long and illuminating the cabin. The chairs, the tiny kitchen, the wash tub and the bed tucked away in the corner… Dean has been here so many times that he could have navigated it in the dark, but it feels more welcoming in the firelight.
He’s asleep before Marty gets home to 1985, and Cas follows not long after.
And then he reaches the church.
and a curse under his breath.
goes straight to his dick. “You couldn’t have chosen somewhere with a bed this time? I guess demons
Tonight, Dean will be coming back to
When he looks back over, Dean is still watching him, his gaze soft and expression unreadable. They share a quick smile, and Castiel feels himself
Castiel grits his teeth, strengthens his will, and holds onto that thought. It had helped him the last time he needed to save Dean—he just has to pray that it will help him now.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’s also intrinsically linked to the world that Castiel had always told himself he would leave behind forever.
“Knew it,” he mutters to himself.
Dean snorts. “And you figured that sneaking up beside me and almost startling me into spilling my wine was a good idea?”
That earns a deep blush from Castiel this time, and he stammers, clearly unsure of what to say. It's really fucking endearing, and Dean can't help but think, once again, about how easy it would be to lean over and just kiss him.
Castiel watches him go, all the way out through the front gates. There’s a white car in the parking lot, old and sleek and beautiful.
Dean had been staring at him, lips parted and hands paused in their movements—but he seems to snap back to himself as Castiel finishes talking. He grins, and reaches out to cup his hands around the sides of the zebra cactus in front of him, as though covering its nonexistent ears. “Don’t worry,” he says, “I won’t tell.”
So the lack of sightings has been frustrating for Castiel, to say the least.
Dean hadn’t been sure what to expect when he’d given Cas free reign over his wardrobe, but god, he hadn’t been expecting this. As he steps out of the Impala, Castiel is immediately captivating in his form-fitting slacks and white shirt with the sleeves rolled up partway, but what makes his outfit is his black coat.
After, once Dean’s shoulder is clean and dressed properly, they sit in silence and share the whiskey bottle between them.
, he can’t help it. Dean is intoxicating.
“Night, then,” Dean says, but his gaze lingers, as though he doesn’t want to be the one to look away.
“I’m offended that you think I have ulterior motives,” Dean shoots back, presses his words against Castiel’s skin. Bantering with Cas has been as easy as breathing for as long as he can remember.
He thinks of Dean and, little by little, he claws his way back to reality. The last of the gun’s memories—
Eventually, Dean breaks it the only way he knows how.
drunk, sure, but he only brings alcohol to the cemetery when they're celebrating some kind of special occasion, and even then, he's only ever gotten a little tipsy.
“You could say that,” Castiel mutters. “I can’t really sleep, and my moods swing, and I always feel… restless. Like there’s an itch under my skin that I just can’t scratch.”
Castiel holds Dean’s gaze while he tries to process this—the one person he’s ever been able to talk to thinking that he’s bad, that he’s
It's dilapidated, the paint peeling across most of the structure, but it’s still standing and doesn’t seem too damaged, so Dean has high hopes that it won’t need too much work.
Apologies for the delay, my loves! Thank you to
. Castiel had not been wrong when he’d looked at Dean, at his lips, and come to the conclusion that those were dick-sucking lips.
He stands in a dark room, the floor smooth and warm under his bare feet. It’s barely light enough that he can see vague shapes in the reddish darkness, shadows that twist like sentient beings. If they’re here to hurt him, he doesn’t care. He feels
But it doesn’t work. None of it works.
“Yeah, so weird,” he says instead, and the metal bands around his chest get tighter.
Finally, Dean exhales a long breath and nods, almost to himself, as he pushes off the wall. “Will you have dinner with me?”
But he can’t let Cas have the upper hand for long.
Dean remembers Cas trying to tell him something—and he also remembers putting his hand up to cut him off.
People are looking at him, animal-faced familiars and mask-wearing witches alike, and to be quite honest, he’s never felt alone as he does now in the middle of the crowd, surrounded by people and being talked
Dean turns seventeen—in a year, he will take over his father’s role as manager of the royal stables, and he is eager for it. Castiel’s eighteenth birthday nears, and as it does, Dean finds himself alone more and more each day, as his friend (lover?) is heaped with more and more responsibilities. He tries not to worry about it—Cas will come back to him. Cas always comes back.
They'd made their way south for a storm that had looked promising in southeast Oklahoma, but it had fizzled out before they'd gotten there, leaving them high and dry once more. After having done this for so many years, they're used to the disappointment by now, but Dean would be lying if he said it wasn't starting to get on his nerves. Storms are unpredictable, but it'd be nice if they could make it to at least one tornado this season.
