Oh, God,
The shield sails over Ghost's head, cracks the drywall on the adjacent interior wall, before picking up speed as it smashes into the ceiling, then one of the concrete support pillars.
"Uh," Iron Man says, and Steve can feel the long muscles of his thighs start to tense up. "Is that what you meant to do?"
Tony's hand closes very lightly about the base of Steve's cock and holds still. Tony's grinning. "Do you need me
That was all he'd ever wanted, wasn't it? He'd just wanted someone to treat Tony right.
So much for impartiality, huh?
He's not drunk. He's not drugged. He's just-- he's just
When Steve had thought about the program airing, he'd thought only about Tony seeing it. He had, in a vague way, been aware that the rest of the world would see it too, but after they'd filmed it he hadn't really cared about that. He'd focused on what Tony would think. And then it had turned out that Tony had seen it early. The damage had already been done, as far as he'd been concerned. It couldn't get worse.
"Of course," Steve said. "I remember you saying she'd agreed to be your resident AI. So I'm guessing that all worked out." He didn't understand where the armor fit into it.
The grin faded. There was something reluctant in Tony's eyes. "Steve, I-- I haven't done anywhere near as much as you think I have." He sounded ashamed to admit this. "When I-- when Ty and I-- he, uh. He wouldn't do any of
true is that he hurt you. He broke the story that hurt you. Don't think about his explanation right now. Just think about that fact.
So that was settled. They were taping on Monday morning; the program itself would air Monday evening. All Steve had to do was make it through the rest of the weekend without anything else terrible happening. He could do that. He didn't think there was any way for the situation to get much worse.
Did Steve seriously think Tony didn't want to savor every last whimper? "Put that away, then," Tony said. "This place is soundproofed, and I want to hear you."
Two: That riding crop was
But it wasn't enough. And by then, it didn't matter.
"No!" he says, hastily, and Iron Man wobbles in his suit like he instinctively tried to step backwards and didn't make it. Steve is aware that, under his gloves, his palms are sweating. "I mean, no, definitely not," he says, softer now. God, he's so nervous that Iron Man's going to think he doesn't like him. "You're great, Shellhead. You're the best. You're perfect."
been asking Mr. Stark for dating tips -- and, heck, Steve doesn't know, maybe he has been. "I have a few suggestions."
He knows Tony's had a hard life. They've known each other for most of their adult lives; it's not like Steve hasn't been there for most of the heart attacks, and the drinking, and the drinking, and the damn
But now Steve can't stop picturing it.
"My pleasure," Tony said, and then he regarded the last plate and the amount of pizza left, as he passed the empty plate to Thor. "Thor, buddy, you can just load that on up. Try to leave a few slices for the rest of us." He'd never been great at estimating Thor's appetite. He'd always let Jarvis worry about-- God, no, he couldn't think about Jarvis like that, in the past tense. Jarvis was going to be fine.
Steve told him that it wasn't like that at all. Because it isn't. Tony is one of the strongest people Steve's ever met. But he's not really sure Tony's ever believed that.
"You don't like yourself much, do you?" Steve asks, finally, and that's not what he wants to say either.
"You can do anything you want with me," Steve informs him, sleepily.
Mr. Stark reaches into the cabinet, extracts Steve's mug, and pours the coffee. When he hands it to Steve, their fingers brush.
Tony flashed him another exhausted grin. "I always knew you were the best."
Jesus. Tony had to palm his own cock through his pants or this was going to get extremely embarrassing for him. Unsteady, he rocked on his feet. "Okay, who are you and what have you done with the real Steve Rogers?"
Steve could feel rage beginning to spark within him, burning hot. Had Tiberius done this to him? Had Tiberius
"I didn't know you'd be... doing all this," Steve says, gesturing vaguely around him. "I didn't expect-- doesn't Mr. Stark need a driver? How did you talk him into this?"
Tony was looking thoughtful, still smiling, but there was an analytical look in his eyes that suggested that at some point in the near future he wanted to find out exactly how many times Steve could come. Yeah, Tony was definitely perfect. Tony looked like he had to recalibrate all his expectations. In a good way. Maybe Steve did too.
Impulsively, Tony bent down, tipped Steve's chin up, and kissed him properly. "Harder," Steve said, against his mouth, the same thing he'd said about everything else tonight, and when Tony bit his lip he made an absolutely joyous noise. Steve was leaning into him, trying to press himself against him, with a quiet jingle of vibranium.
Tony knew he was still gripping Steve's cock, pressing it harder against his, as Steve was whimpering with overstimulation, and, God, Tony was almost there, almost there--
"It's all right," he says, as gently as he can. "I'm sorry that happened to you. The doctors couldn't do anything for it?"
Tony grabbed one of the lengths of chain in one hand and Steve's wrist in the other. "Not so fast," he said, threading the chain through the D-rings on both cuffs to pull Steve's wrists together, then wrapping it up Steve's forearms as if it were rope. He found the carabiner on one end and clipped the two ends of the chain together. Steve could probably still jerk off like this, if he were really determined to, but it would be awkward. "That's all for me tonight," he said, with a significant look at Steve's gorgeous cock.
"I think I'm the regular amount of real, actually," Steve said. "I hope we've established that."
Oh. Steve kept regular, plain bandages for adults with the rest of his tiny first-aid kit in one pouch; in another pouch, he had some for children. He'd given Tony one of the ones for children. It had a shiny little Iron Man on it. All the ones he had were Iron Man because-- well, that was obvious, wasn't it?
Iron Man just nods, like that was obviously what he meant. "Yep. That's the one."
He hadn't pressed Tony for a reason -- Tony didn't need to justify or explain himself right now, as far as Steve was concerned, but Tony gave him one anyway. "I love the Avengers," he said, quietly. "And ninety-five percent of the time I love living with the Avengers. But this isn't one of those times." He sighed. "I know it's selfish, but right now, I just-- I can't. I can't talk about it. Not anymore. Not tonight. Not to someone who doesn't know. Not even them. And you know they'll want to know." He ran his hand over his face. "I'm too damn tired to make decisions, I'm too tired to explain, I'm too tired to keep pretending, and I'm too tired to lie. And I know I'm a coward, but I'd-- I'd just like to keep my secret a little longer, you know? And you're the only person I trust, right now."
Steve finds that he's out of arguments.
He exhales hard in relief as Tony settles down into the seat at Steve's side. Unafraid, Tony runs his hand over Steve's arm, buckled down to the bed. Between the long sleeves and the thick restraints, Steve can't quite feel it the same way as he would have a few hours ago, but the act warms him anyway.
Several seconds later, Steve managed to take a deep breath and think a little clearer, which was when he realized that it must not have been Tiberius. That couldn't be the case. The wounds were new, all right, new enough not to have healed completely yet. But they weren't
Carol muttered an obscenity under her breath, took two steps forward and then launched herself off the landing into the air, in flight the rest of the way, skimming over the steps. She set herself down next to Steve, on the step he was on, and as Steve watched, miserable, she laid one black-gloved hand on his arm. She was kind. She'd always been kind. But it wasn't going to help.
"I can undo it," Stephen says, determined to be excruciatingly precise. "But he'll remember everything. All of it. Including the fact that we previously mindwiped him. I can't make him forget only the Illuminati. Because of the nature of the first spell, I can't perform any other amnesia spells of this type that won't also anchor his present memory in 1945."
Steve's blood ran cold. God, Tiberius would do it. Steve hadn't outed Tiberius, because Steve wouldn't ever out anyone who didn't want to be out, but obviously Tiberius had no such compunctions. He'd tell the whole world that Tony was-- that Tony was--
Bending down, he started to read through the spines on the shelf below, and then he stopped, staring at a slim paperback. That-- that one had potential. And he was willing to bet that neither Tony nor Tiberius would have been caught dead reading it.
Steve was leaning against the doorframe, wearing camo pants, combat boots, and one of those incredibly stupid t-shirts of his own uniform. He was still goddamn gorgeous. He offered Tony a small smile.
At least there was
"I'm glad," Steve says, and he turns his head and kisses the side of the faceplate.
"Nothing relevant to this meeting," Steve said, and then because Jan was still glaring, he knew he had to admit it. At least some of it. "I'm really worried about Tony, Jan." He sighed. "It's just-- all the lies, all the
"Oh," Steve said, momentarily transfixed by the thought. "I'd like to see that."
The director called cut.
"Oh, so you're going to skip the newspaper ad and list all my mistakes straight to my face instead?" Tony's voice was dry, sardonic, incurious, but he had a soldier's thousand-yard stare, empty and hollow. "Great. Thanks. That's so much better."
Tony rocks back on his heels and exhales hard, like he's been holding his breath this whole time.
"Shellhead?" he asks. "I'm sorry. Is this not okay? I can stop."
"Hey, no," Tony said, softly, holding him tighter. "Steve, it's not--" He sighed. "I'd tell you it doesn't matter to me, because it sure as hell doesn't, but if it matters to you, then it matters, doesn't it?"
"I'm glad to hear that," Steve said, because he was, of course he was. "Still doesn't mean she should ever have touched you, though."
He clears his throat.
"He does," Steve assures him. What else is there to say?
At this angle, Steve is looming over him, still fully dressed, still armored. Tony's never felt more naked than he does right now. Tony knows, rationally, that Steve is barely taller than he is, but somehow he's
when you were going to be there and it's his network breaking the story."
Steve sure hoped this was prearranged. Geez.
"Hi," Captain America says. "My name's Steve Rogers. Call me Steve. I'm guessing you're my new landlord?"
Tony smiled, but then he sighed heavily and rolled over, making way for Steve to get up. "I know, I know," he said, with obvious regret. "Time to get back to work."
Oh. Steve never imagined
"I don't have it all worked out yet," Steve admitted. "Maybe the suicide was accidental. But what I do know is that Tiberius was trying to pin it on you. Just like Whiplash's death. You watched the interview. You must have seen the part where the host --
It was Carol.
Also, he was more than a little bit turned-on right now. He wasn't necessarily going to do anything about it, but talking about it was definitely a thing he found he was interested in. He thought Tony might want to hear about it.
"Hey," Tony whispered. "You still awake?"
that Steve can hardly stand it. Tony's lying there, exposed, bare in his armor, surrounded by metal, and no one's touching him. No one ever touches him. That was what he said.
He couldn't move. He opened his mouth to say something -- he didn't know what -- but all he had in him was empty air and a quiet, anguished, wordless sound.
Huh. Tony definitely knew that Steve was human underneath the cowl, so that couldn't have been the thing surprising him.
this, and it's exactly what Steve wanted.
and had instead ended up somewhere in
"You." Tony nodded, solemn. A tear rolled down the side of his face. "He thought it'd be-- I don't know, funny? The ultimate in cruelty? Anyway, Ty pulled a hell of a lot of memories and, uh. Pretended to be you. He started out with the usual. You bursting in, screaming at me, telling me what a failure I was, kicking me off the team. That kind of thing."
Was this happening? Was this really happening? It couldn't be. Just a few hours ago, Tony had told him he didn't believe him. What the hell had happened in the meantime? Was he all right? Was he safe?
"Obviously an Iron Man one," Steve says, passing over the tiny stickers of Hank and Jan at ant and wasp size, respectively, and then the sticker of Mjölnir, to get to the next Iron Man one. "He's
The last piece of rope is tying Tony's arms together, behind his back, from his biceps all the way down to his wrists in little bands of rope every few inches. Tony's arms are stretched out behind him on the mattress. He can't even touch himself. He can't do anything. He's Steve's to touch, tonight.
Tony choked out a surprised laugh. "Well, now that disclaimer makes a lot more sense." He was still chuckling. "I-- really?
"I mean, it wasn't like either of us were going to say so on television," Steve said. "But that was absolutely what that was." He laughed a little. "You got about halfway there, honestly, guessing my motivation. You did figure out I was jealous."
Steve stares at him. "You're not-- you're not
But Tiberius' day of reckoning was coming, Steve knew. Toward the end of their talk with the police, Tony had pulled one of the detectives aside, handed her a business card, and said a few things that Steve hadn't heard in all the commotion. He didn't know what it was -- maybe Tony would tell him later -- but he knew that, whatever it was, it was going to take Tiberius down.
Steve stands on the sidewalk outside the mansion gate, watching as Iron Man braces one gauntleted hand on the car door that Steve just exited from and leans in to talk to Mr. Hogan.
They'd just shown the video that was meant to serve as the introduction for the episode. It cut together years of footage of Tony and Iron Man, with a grim-voiced narrator solemnly listing what felt to Steve like every controversy Tony had ever been involved in in either of his identities. It wasn't doing wonders for Steve's mood. How could they keep doing this to Tony? Steve gritted his teeth, ran his finger around his collar, and hoped he hadn't dislodged his lapel mic.
"You don't have to go," Iron Man offers. He sounds hopeful. "Not if you don't want to, anyway. You can sleep here."
Mr. Stark sighs. His face is slack with exhaustion and an emotion that Steve almost wants to call regret; his eyes are dull, his gaze far away. "He told you."
Tony moans in unfeigned rapture as his mouth glides over Steve's cock and it's easy, so easy, for Steve to slide all the way into that wet heat. Tony's eyes flutter shut, and with his mouth nearing the base of Steve's cock he looks positively blissful. Steve's cock sliding into in Tony's mouth is a hell of a view, better than any pornography he's ever seen. He wishes he could take a picture, but he knows better than to have evidence of this. They're too famous. He has his memory, though, and that's almost as good.
After that, time starts to blur a little. Steve works his way over Tony's back again, with light taps, and then once more with his fingers, increasing the pressure as he goes, and Tony just lies there and... relaxes. By the time Steve's once again at the dip of Tony's lower back, Tony's flung his arms out to the sides, limp, and pressed his face into the pillow. Every so often he makes a soft little noise. He's still awake, Steve is sure. He's just completely sprawled out, his body putting up no resistance whatsoever. Good. Just how Steve wants him.
"I have a duty," Steve retorts.
It wasn't fine, but that was life. That was all it was. Steve didn't want him, because no one he loved loved him back, not the way he wanted, no matter how hard he tried--
"Your special someone," Mr. Stark says. "I hope they say yes."
Using someone's name was a tip right out of
Dumbfounded, Steve just stares. He doesn't understand what's going on. Mr. Stark told Steve they shouldn't marry, insulted Iron Man, and is now giving him Iron Man's ring size? None of this makes any sense.
"When we were kids, he used to cause so much trouble and then tell everyone he was me if they caught him," Tony says, contemplatively. It doesn't sound like a fond memory. "Mostly people believed him. Even our father. Maybe especially our father. I never could get it to work in reverse, because by then everyone already believed he was the good twin."
he marvels.
Tony's got his full weight on Steve and is showing no signs of letting up any time soon; it looks like he's still not in great shape as far as even walking goes. Steve can be someone to lean on, if that's what Tony needs from him.
Oh, it probably didn't have a very high percentage of vibranium, just because no one except, say, Tony himself -- well, before he'd lost Stark International, anyway -- or medium-sized countries could have afforded pure vibranium. Tony didn't have a lab here in New York anymore, and he definitely wasn't going to call Reed up to ask him to run a metallurgical analysis of a sex toy, because friendship had limits. But whoever owned this had ponied up serious cash for what had to have been custom-made cuffs and chains, capable of holding someone who had at least peak human strength, maybe higher.
That was a new one. "What do you mean?"
Stephen's picture frowns up at him. Tony runs into the hallway and, when he's far enough away that he's sure Steve can't hear him, stabs the answer button. He's running up the stairs, into his own room, shutting the door.
"It didn't happen a lot." He knew that was starting to sound like an excuse. He didn't know how to say this. He'd never tried to say this before. "To me, anyway. Not more than a handful of times. Mostly when he was drunk he hit my ma. Sometimes I got in the way. But I don't think there'll ever be an acceptable number of times to hit your child. Or your spouse. So." His voice was rough. He shrugged. "Yeah. It counts."
At this rate this was looking to be the world's worst love confession. Flag Smasher was lumbering to his feet, and Steve, still wide-eyed and stunned, spun around and raised his shield high. Tony raised a hand. Nope. Repulsors still offline, and, ugh, half the suit servos too. He wasn't even going to be able to stand up like this. Steve was on his own. And, oh, God, Steve knew he was in love with him.
Iron Man did actual
and Tony had no clue who it was.
Tony doesn't even know where to start. "I know a lot of things," Tony says. "And I'm not a Nazi. I promise. You're in New York. And Bucky's-- Bucky's fine, okay?" He doesn't actually know where Bucky is right now. Probably out on his own doing something covert. Maybe Natasha knows. "My name's Tony. I'm-- I'm a friend."
"Oh!" Tony said, softly, wondrously. "Oh, you really like it that much, huh?"
that. He liked knowing that Steve liked looking at him, there. That he wanted him.
"Not sure that's ever been in the cards for me, Winghead," Tony says, softly. "But I appreciate the thought."
Tony was rubbing his chest again. It probably hurt. "It's fine, though," he said. "If it's you. You've seen my heart already. Doesn't really matter if you see it again. Not like you can think worse of me, right?" The stricken look in his eyes suggested that it actually did matter if Steve looked at him again but that he didn't feel like he could say so. "I suppose that's why Ty took my shirt off while I was passed out," Tony said, contemplatively. "He'd kept trying to, the whole rest of the week. He couldn't stand that I wasn't letting him see me, so I guess he took matters into his own hands."
Steve reached out and ran his hand through Tony's hair. Tony was doing it again, wasn't he? Comparing himself to some mythical ideal man that he thought Steve deserved to be with.
"Uh," Steve said, brow furrowed in concern. "Does it usually do that?"
Iron Man's sigh is a heavy, crackling exhalation, like breathing into a microphone. "Maybe," he says. "I'm not an easy man to know."
"I do know you."
"There's no problem at all," Steve begins. "I just-- I had a question for you."
"Okay," Tony said, confused, "so that actually looks completely fine, which doesn't really explain why there's clearly no power-- what the
Tony was pushing Tiberius off of him, was flushing red and doing up his fly in a hurry. He didn't take his eyes off Steve. Steve tried not to look at Tony's hands, or -- oh God -- Tony's lacy red underwear, but that just meant he was staring at the strip of skin revealed by Tony's rucked-up shirt, at the trail of little bruises on Tony's neck, at Tony's kiss-darkened lips. Steve didn't know where it was safe to look. Maybe nowhere.
Tony lowered his head again, tucking his head under Steve's chin. He was still shaking. Steve wanted to pet his hair, but still didn't know where Tony had hurt his scalp earlier; asking would have made too much of it. Then Tony flung his arm over Steve's chest and somehow drew himself even closer, desperately seeking reassurance, solace, safety.
Tony laughed. "Okay, but would you believe me if I said I'd tried not to look?"
There was a fluttery feeling in Steve's stomach, tension but actually good. A little bit of nerves, a lot of anticipation. "I think that'd be swell," Steve said. This late at night, his old accent sometimes found its way back.
"It was so easy to get to you," Tiberius said, as if he hadn't heard Tony speak, sounding almost proud of himself. "All I had to do was pretend I loved you. And you fell for it. So naive. Like you thought someone might actually love you. You know no one ever will. You know that now, don't you? No one's ever going to love you back, Tony. Maybe you can fool them for a little while, but then they'll find out who you really are. They'll see that you're flawed. Broken. Terrible. Undeserving. And then they'll find someone better. They always have, haven't they? You know I'm right."
He can't believe he ever doubted Tony. He pushes all the shame back. That'll do him no good. He needs to focus.
If Tony says anything in return, Steve can't hear it, because he's set everything on the counter and turned the taps on. The water is cool but not too cold, and he dampens the washcloth, then wrings it out. Perfect. He picks up his armful of towels and heads back to Tony.
"You can open your eyes now," Iron Man says. The filtering is back on, but even with his voice masked, Steve can tell how overwhelmed he sounds.
Yeah, this is exactly what Tony always told him Ghost was like. Steve tries not to roll his eyes. Tony's also been paying him for over a decade, so Ghost is a little late to the party with that one.
Tony's mouth thinned, and he pulled his phone out of his pocket. "Good idea," he said, and he flipped the phone open and started dialing a number from memory. "Honestly, I love him so much, but some days I just want to give him a piece of my mind, you know? I won't let him do this to me."
Accusingly, Tony looked down at himself. His cock was already well on the way to being on-board with this idea; his hard-on was definitely visible even with his pants on, the shape of his cock pressing against the fabric, starting to dampen his underwear.
"I didn't mean it like that," Steve said. "I'm sorry."
"You didn't try to hold my head down," Tony said, and something in his eyes was sad.
"Never have been, never will be," Steve told him, firmly.
"I won't," Tony assured him, and kissed him back.
Iron Man thrusts the strip of stickers in his direction. "Which one?"
"Your book," Tony said, "
Steve reached up and cupped Tony's face. He was never going to tire of touching him. He could, now. He could touch him all he wanted. Tony wanted him to.
"Hey," Steve said, softly, and Tony's head shot up as his mouth twitched into an exhausted smile. "You want to go home now?"
. Tony's AA sponsor. Just as Tony was Carol's.
"I met her while Obadiah Stane was, as you say, plotting corporate takeover," he began. "Not that I knew it was him or what was even going on, at the time. But I was... stressed. And Indries was there. And she was--" Tony cut himself off. "It doesn't really matter why I fell for her, does it? I loved her. And I thought she loved me. I figured, hey, no obvious attempts at corporate espionage this time, I was safe, right?" He laughed. "Not so much. But I told her everything about myself, because, well, I thought I could trust her. Not a lot of people knew I was sober, back then. I mean, you did. The team did. Not a lot of other people did. And she did."
He reached down, and Tony nudged his hand away. "No, I've got it," Tony said, his voice a little raspy. Because -- God -- because he'd had Steve in his
Tony stands up and Steve tries to follow him, only to find that he can't quite balance right. He leans against the desk. His legs are shaking and his thoughts are slow like honey. He knows what's supposed to happen now. This is when the game ends.
"Then I'm also sorry," Steve says. "I didn't mean to surprise you that badly. If I'd known, I'd have gone about this differently."
"So you're probably wondering why I believed this bastard instead of you," Tony continued, because of course Tony knew exactly what he was thinking. "And I don't know if you'll believe me, but honestly it was
"Don't go," Tony managed to say. "Don't. Please don't leave. You don't have to leave."
Except Steve didn't exactly look like he was in.
That was the truth. It wasn't the whole truth, but it was the truth. It was getting easier to say.
"You're a bold one," Iron Man murmurs. It sounds like he's talking to himself. "What in the world am I going to do with you?"
Tony's breath hitches. "Okay," he repeats.
He figures it'll be easy for Mr. Stark -- rich, brilliant, and handsome. He's got it all. He'll be able to find the right person in no time.
. Just... overwhelming grief, like I'd never felt before. I guess he just wanted to watch me cry. He took me back to after Kathy had shot me, when I was paralyzed. And I was paralyzed in the dream, too. It was how I came up with the idea to fuck up his motor skills, so I guess it was, in a way, useful." He closed his eyes and opened them again. "And then the drinking."
He holds his breath. He's attuned to the slightest whisper. There. Right
Tony smiled a wry smile. "
He hasn't fallen, because Ghost is sitting on his chest, on the other side of the window, pinning him to the floor so he can't tip out. He's not exactly sure how they haven't fallen through the floor, but Ghost has clearly worked out all the possible problems with this technology.
Steve's grin was a positively lascivious flash of teeth, and he tossed the tube of Vaseline on the bed, then followed it up with walking over there himself. He went over to the box and wrenched it all the way open, with a screech of metal. The blindfold went in the box first, then the nipple clamps, and then the cock ring. Then he turned to Tony and held up the gag.
Tony set his half-empty mug on the coffee table, and then sat back and tapped two fingers against his sternum, where Steve knew the metal port sat.
It's a nice sentiment. Steve approves highly. It also seems vaguely familiar.
But a date -- a date seems safe.
The feel of Tony's cock in his mouth sated a longing that he hadn't even known he had. Not like this. He'd known for a long time that -- to put it crudely -- he'd wanted to be fucked. He'd known what it was to want that, to see a man and ache to have him inside him. He'd tried toys, by himself, never brave enough to ask it of a girlfriend. And that had worked just enough to take the edge off, but never to fill the need. Here, though -- here was a need akin to that one, but finally met. He felt
When Tony had hugged him after getting out of DreamVision, he'd been trying to convince himself that Steve was real. Now he clung to Steve like Steve was the only real thing in the entire world. He was wrapped tightly around Steve, and this him Steve could feel the heat of him against his hands through the thin fabric of Tony's shirt. Once again, Tony had somehow tucked his head under Steve's chin. Steve hoped he was more comfortable now that he wasn't shoving his face against scale-mail. Tony's breath was hot, shuddering over Steve's skin, and his face was damp against Steve's throat. Tony was trembling in Steve's arms, shaking as he cried.
Tony made a low, raw sound somewhere between a laugh and a cough. "Terrible. Thanks for asking." His voice was flat.
. How can you want me in yours?"
The flowers, it turns out, get worse at puberty. It's pretty easy to figure out why.
Jan poked one of his belt pouches with a gloved finger. "I know you're from the forties, Cap, but I also know for a fact that one of these pouches has a cell phone in it."
"You're not supposed to be here right now," Tony said, as he edged around the corrugated-metal corner of the warehouse.
He couldn't think of a reason to say no. "Sure."
Steve could feel his mouth curve into a sad, sad smile. "Do you really need me to say it all again? I think I've hurt you enough."
"So Maurice goes and visits him. And absolutely none of Clive's plans work out, because while Maurice is there he falls in love with one of the servants. Alec, the gamekeeper. Alec's not someone Maurice should be with, right? For more than one reason. He's a man, he's working-class. He's not suitable. But he's also the real thing. He's everything Clive wasn't. He's gay. He's not ashamed of it. And he, uh. He does all the gay stuff. They sleep together. And they're in love. And it's everything Maurice didn't know he was missing. He's happy. He's really happy, this time. Alec's supposed to move overseas with his brother, but at the last minute he decides to stay in England and be with Maurice."
, since he'd still been on ice for its Broadway premiere. He just adored all the old movies and musicals, and Tony had always been more than happy to indulge him.
There's a long pause, and then Iron Man... bursts out laughing. "Oh my God," he says, still chuckling. "You actually read your spam. Why in the world do you read your spam?"
Underneath Tony's desk it's cool and dark, another safe place; Steve's boxed in on five of six sides. Tony's put a cushioning mat down, and Steve's grateful for Tony's thoughtfulness even as he knows he could do this perfectly well without it.
"Back in the day, Stone Incorporated -- Ty's father's company -- was a major competitor to Stark Industries. Donahue was a smaller competitor, but Donahue and Ty's father were close friends. And you've probably figured this out, but my father liked to win. And my father was good at business. So he set about driving Ty's father out of business. Stone Incorporated declared bankruptcy at one point. They were just barely hanging on."
"Are there ever things you've done that you wish you could forget?" Tony asks.
God, what was he going to
It would be very easy to be Steve's jailer.
Then Iron Man comes in the other side, shutting the door behind him; the car creaks a little with the weight of the armor. He buckles his seatbelt, just as Steve did, which seems a little pointless to Steve given that Iron Man is fully armored and the belt probably isn't rated for his weight in the armor, but he supposes it's the principle of the thing. "Okay, Happy," he says, addressing Mr. Hogan. "Off we go."
Everyone underestimates Tony. Including, apparently, him.
Steve eats his cereal in slightly fraught silence and gets up to wash his dishes. When he heads to the door, Mr. Stark turns around.
"Mmm." Iron Man sounds happier now. This is good. "Okay, then." He rests his hand on Steve's shoulder. "Make yourself at home. Do you want me to get you a pillow?"
Suddenly, all Steve can picture is Iron Man.
. That was right. Tony tested the thought out. That wasn't a dream. That had really happened. Steve knew who he was now. Tony had-- Tony had-- they had been fighting Baron Mordo, and he had--
That was... that was a whole lot of blood. And a whole lot of time. God, Steve must have been a mess.
Steve gathered Tony up in his arms. "No, you weren't stupid. It's not stupid to want to make someone happy. He didn't deserve it, but that doesn't mean you did anything wrong, wanting it. And you made me happy, okay? Very, very happy. I liked it. I liked it a whole lot. I'm just... not going to hurt you."
"No, don't be," Tony said, absently, as the toast popped up and he started to butter it. "I'm just glad I can do something to help you feel better."
Maybe he was insecure. Maybe that was it. Steve considered himself a reasonably smart guy -- but there was
"No, but I--" Tony swallowed hard. "There are things I don't want to do."
Tony met his eyes. His gaze was bleak. "I'd started having heart attacks again."
Steve peels off the next sticker, his shield. Before Iron Man can give him any further instructions, Steve affixes it to Iron Man's chestplate. Off-center. Right over his heart.
Iron Man answers before Steve can. "Fine," he rasps. "I just need to-- to--"
"But-- but--" Steve groped frantically for a solution. "But you came out of DreamVision. You woke up. You woke up and you saw me. You hugged me. Didn't that feel real?" He dared to reach out, to lay two fingers on the back of Tony's hand. "Doesn't this feel real? Don't I feel real?"
Yeah. Yeah, he'd known.
Behind the mask, Iron Man is squinting in thought. "I just had an idea."
Shifting position, Steve takes Iron Man's hand; he runs his fingers over the familiar lines of the gauntlet, up and down the back of Iron Man's hand, sideways over his palm to the dimmed repulsor.
Iron Man laughs like a radio between stations. "All right, all right. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Take me out, Cap. I'm all yours. Where are we going?"
Mr. Stark looks like hell. He looks like he's been crying his eyes out since Steve saw him last. He probably has been. His face is awful and blotchy, still alarmingly gray everywhere it isn't bright red. His eyes are red-rimmed. Half his hair is mussed from the helmet, and the other half is plastered to his skull with sweat. Broken blood vessels dot his cheeks, and rivulets of tears shine in the light.
Tony's head jerks in a nod. "Oh," he says, a breath in a haze of static. He sounds surprised. "Okay."
Steve knows he's offering Tony the most meager scraps of a life. He doesn't know whether that's better or worse than what the doctors are offering.
Tony squeezed his hand. "I think you're pretty good at it right now." He smiled. "Speaking as a completely unbiased observer, of course."
No. He couldn't think about that right now. Focus. Baron Mordo. Right.
Steve stares. "What?"
Because Tony worries about his teammates -- because Tony worries about
"You weren't wrong," Tony rasps, and Steve is distracted by the knowledge that Tony's voice is hoarse because he's been enthusiastically deepthroating Steve, and, God, he hopes the vocal filters will mask that, and-- wait, that wasn't what Tony should have said at all.
Tony calls Steve his It's Complicated, and Steve refuses to sign up for Facebook, so he doesn't know if Tony's actually listed him like that. He wouldn't put it past him.
"I know that." Tony's dark-eyed gaze searched his face, and Steve knew that expression: an engineer, looking for something he could fix. "But are you okay?" He gestured at himself with his free hand. "I mean. Christ.
." Tony laughed, startled, and Steve continued. "He's gay -- or bi, maybe. He's something, anyway. They don't really use words like that. It was written in 1914, it said in the dedication. It's hard to say what Clive would have called himself now. But, anyway. He's gay, but... platonically. Because he thinks that's more noble. He's got some issues. He thinks men shouldn't be together, physically. He thinks it's wrong. He doesn't -- how'd you say it? -- he doesn't do any of that gay stuff. At all." That wasn't exactly the word Tony had used last night. But Steve knew Tony would get it.
He just doesn't want anyone to get hurt, and he knows he already hurt Mr. Stark. And he certainly doesn't want to compound that by kicking him when he's down, so to speak.
This part never got any easier.
"Oh, geez," Steve said. "That's rotten." Tony didn't look concussed, though, and that was good. Pupils were the same size, at least. He'd get someone to look Tony over when they got home.
"Here, let me just get you free," Tony says, taking a step toward him. Without the filtering, he sounds a little more hoarse, a little more raw. Steve supposes the mask was a big help. His movement is a little odd, a little jerky, and Steve supposes that's still his suit keeping him upright.
"That's the test," Steve confirmed. "That's the best I can offer with the books I've got on hand. If you don't like it, my backup plan is to call Reed Richards and ask him to send over some of his research that you've never seen. And you can try reading that and checking his work. Even if you could read in DreamVision, I'm pretty sure no one would offer you anything like that to read. I know Tiberius is smart, but I'm willing to bet that he can't do physics at a level high enough that he could fake something that you'd believe came from Reed. And he can't pull it from your mind and get away with it, because you'd recognize it if it were something you'd already seen."
Ghost's head tilts up, and even though Steve can't see his face, he knows damn well that Ghost is looking right at him. They're both motionless, and honestly they're probably both equally startled. This doesn't bode well for the rest of the battle.
Honestly, the Avenger with the most experience at this was Tony, but Tony not only had no interest in talking to the press, he still wasn't returning Steve's calls. Which meant that Tony, as far as Steve knew, didn't know about this.
"So hold your arm out just like that -- yeah, that's right, honey, good job," Tony said, as he started to wrap Steve's arm for cushioning, with the vet wrap that had been in the kit. Tony had wiped up the blood from most of the scrapes; Steve had told him not to bother with the rest.
And that was nice, but-- "Why me, then?" Tony asked, and then he realized that was the world's most ambiguous question. "You, uh. You
He'd already told Tony he wasn't going to ask him about Tiberius unless Tony wanted to talk about him. What else was there?
Steve's face softened ever so slightly, smiling just a little more, just for him, and Tony knew that Steve had understood. Steve always understood. He was amazing. He was amazing and he
, back then, you would have-- we could have--?" His grip went even tighter, and his fragmented sentence turned in a direction Steve hadn't anticipated. "It could have been you, all along, and then I'd never have-- no one else would have ever-- no Indries, no Kathy, no Ty--"
Tony smiled. "It's the twenty-first century, Ty. Grow up. If you out me, so what? I'll be fine. One fewer secret." It was a dare. He was daring him. "Go ahead. Do it. Or maybe I'll do it before you have the chance to."
The smile Steve treats him to in return is, surprisingly, one hundred percent Steve. It's that dorky, goofy wide grin that Steve gets when he's about to make a terrible,
"I wanted to." Tony's still whispering. "I wanted to tell you, that first night. I nearly did."
If Iron Man's been in relationships that were this serious -- Steve hasn't, but clearly Iron Man has -- then Steve's honestly surprised that the question has never come up. Steve raises his eyebrows. "Never?"
. Yeah, there you go, tear them off just like that. Good job!" He's still holding out the paper, as Eddie carefully takes three stickers.
"About the inside of my head?" Iron Man shrugs again, an abortive motion. Steve imagines the man inside the armor, trapped there. Unable to show his true feelings, and considering it a blessing. "No, not really."
"All right?" Steve whispers, and in response Tony leans in to kiss him.
If Steve weren't actually living through this, he might have called Iron Man's reaction comedic. Iron Man takes a stunned step backwards, boots ringing heavily on the floor as he nearly trips. His eyes are wide and shocked, and he glances to either side of him as if there might be someone else here that Steve is talking to, before motioning incredulously to himself. His eyes are even wider; he brings one gauntleted hand up to half-cover the unibeam housing of his suit.
He waited for the concern on Carol's face to turn to sadness, or even anger, at how obviously he was keeping something from her. But instead Carol just nodded once, briskly, like he'd given her an order.
Steve had assumed -- God, he'd been so naive -- that it had been Tony's streak of vanity making itself known. Some minor cut or scrape that was healing. Something he just didn't want to show off to the public, because it wasn't like the tabloids knew what Tony Stark's other day job involved and they would have drawn all the wrong conclusions. Something that wasn't that bad. Something that was going to
"I know I don't have any right to ask this of you after what I've done," Steve continued, and God, was he crying? A tear glistened on his cheek. Oh, God, he was. This was all Tony's fault. How could Steve blame himself? "But I hope-- I hope you can-- no, that's selfish. I'm just too damn selfish. That's the problem."
Well, it wasn't like any of the Avengers were stupid.
"That's fine by me," Steve allowed. "If you let me up at some point, I'll make the bed for you, then. Just tell me when you're ready."
Steve just grinned.
Steve looked up, blinking, and wiped his face on his glove. "Not your fault. I just wonder -- what's even left in there, you know?"
Tony nudged him in the ribs, and his mouth switched with a suppressed smile. "Luck's not a stat in D&D, sunshine." He sounded immensely pleased with himself.
"What?" Steve asked, in the exact same perfectly innocent tone that Tony had used when he'd said
Iron Man coughs. "Isn't that, um, desecrating the flag, Winghead?"
It's temporary.
"Okay, you
because of Tony's unfortunate confession -- well, that was going to make the night even worse.
"Right," Steve echoed, and though he still didn't sound particularly convinced he stepped forward toward what once had been the main door, leaning on Tony all the way.
Mr. Stark grimaces, and Steve doesn't understand why. "No," he says, more quietly. "No, it... wasn't possible."
Steve feels himself start to cry again. It feels like all his armor is gone, everything protecting him. Tony could run his hands over Steve's skin and touch his soul.
"Don't you think I know what it's like to be hurt?" Tony whispered, and his voice shook with the echoes of remembered pain.
"Not so much," Steve said. "Because Clive's an
There was a catch of breath, almost imperceptible, from Steve. "Is it weird if I tell you that this is really working for me?" Steve asked, in a small voice, and he was tomato-red now.
Why the hell had he been in any of Tony's nightmares?
He couldn't possibly have been more obvious.
"Don't you dare," Tony pants out, and there's a note in his voice Steve hasn't heard... maybe ever? It's discovery and wonder and joy all mixed together. It's like the way he talks about inventing things, but not exactly. "Oh. Oh, wow. Please stay right there."
"No," Steve says. "No, please." But he knows he's not calling the shots anymore.
was. Tony was a full-time CEO and a full-time superhero -- as well as the landlord, ostensible employer, resident engineer, and quartermaster of an entire superhero team. He had more demands on his time than Steve could possibly conceive of. Tony's calendar was booked months in advance. Steve knew that much. Anyone else who wanted to see Tony, anyone ordinary who wanted to see Tony -- well, they had to wait their turn, didn't they? They all waited weeks. Months, maybe. Just to spend maybe half an hour in Tony's presence. But not Steve. No, he was Tony's teammate. He was Tony's roommate. He lived in Tony's house, for crying out loud. He got to see Tony nearly every day. He was one of Tony's closest friends. Tony, in fact, carved out a hell of a lot of time just to see him. Him, specifically. Was Steve really going to sulk and mope because that wasn't
"Yeah, sure," Tony said. He was confused, but, hell, it was Steve. He'd do anything Steve wanted. Always had, always would.
"Spectacular, huh?" Tony echoed, which made Steve realize he had no idea how much of that had come out of his mouth. He was lucky that very few people had tried to honeytrap
He opened the last message, which was
"Well?" Steve asks, like he's prompting him. "Going to ask me out, or do I have to do all the work around here?"
Steve stops short and his face drains of color. Tony wants to run away but doesn't think he has enough breath to make it.
"There's more," Iron Man says. "The thing is, genetically, there's a whole lot of me that I'd prefer not to pass on. I know what it's like to be me, and I'd rather not bring anyone else into the world who would have to live with what I've lived with."
This was what it was. There was nothing else left. It was hatred. It was all hatred. God,
"Not as bad as yours," Steve said, and Tony tipped his head to the side in acknowledgment. "I'll concede that getting in a fight with your boyfriend on national television about which of us loved you more was not my finest hour." He considered that thought. "I'd still do it again, though."
In some ways, being a superhero is a lot like being any other first responder: firefighter, police officer, paramedic. But the difference is that those people work in shifts, and those people are on-call, and when they are off-shift they go home. Whatever happens when they're off, for the most part, is someone else's problem.
"You don't owe me an apology," Steve said, interrupting him. His throat was tight. "I'm not angry with you. I'm not. That's what I was trying to say. This isn't Captain America, your team leader, chewing you out because your report was incomplete. This is Steve, your friend, who cares about you and is hoping you're okay. Okay?"
"And somehow we're past the point of no return," Iron Man rasps. "It's too late. It's too late for this to be easy. It's far, far too late for anything good to come of this. I should have told you before it got this far. And I'm so, so sorry. I never wanted to hurt you. But it's too late for that. And you need to know. You need to know the truth about me. And I know -- I know
Experimentally, Steve waved a hand in Tony's field of vision. Tony didn't even so much as blink. No good.
Tony bites his lip. "I knew what I wanted it to be," he whispers. "But I also know what-- what I'm good at. What people want from me. Asking for more from you -- it'd be like double or nothing. And, sure, I wanted double. But I was too selfish to settle for nothing. And I thought if we just-- if we just kept sleeping together, it wouldn't be nothing."
But then Tony looks at him and there's a glimmer of happiness in his eyes. For Steve. Because of Steve.
"Glad to hear it," Steve said, cheerfully, with a smile that ought to have been illegal, which he then followed up with an implied proposition to commit several acts that were definitely currently illegal in slightly under half of the United States. "This is going to be a day for a lot of firsts for you, isn't it?"
And Steve can definitely track him. But he needs to stop listening to Tony to do so. It's one or the other.
The door opened, and there was sunlight on the other side.
"You'll give him back, right?" Tony's voice is plaintive. "Then you'll give him back?"
"No," Steve says, a denial with all the vehemence he can bring to bear, and he realizes he's gripping Iron Man's arm even tighter. "No, never." His fingers slide over smooth golden metal. "Shellhead, I'm just a man. I'm not better than anybody. I'm human. Just like you. And you've never, ever done anything to make me think you're unworthy of-- of being cared for. I don't think you ever could. You deserve happiness as much as anyone. I want you to be happy. I really do. And if I can do anything to give you that... well, that's what I want."
"You said you had a meeting--"
Tony was silent for a few seconds. He licked his lips. "Right after a second trip through my phobias, you woke me up," he said, and, wait, that wasn't how it had happened at all. "You pulled me out of DreamVision. I woke up and I was in Ty's penthouse and you were picking the electrodes off me. Very gentle. Very-- very kind. Ty wasn't there. You told me it was over. You told me you'd taken care of Ty. You told me I was safe now. You told me I was awake. And I was so
And Tony just... shrugged. "Ty and I are different people, though," he said. "I mean, you're right, I probably wouldn't, but I also have no interest in owning a media empire. He faces different ethical challenges than I do."
"You're dating
That definitely didn't sound good. That sounded like something Tony wanted no part of whatsoever. But it didn't seem like there was much he could do about it.
him. Not like that. Tony just wanted company.
Ghost falls backward, sprawled out on the floor.
"All of those things are true," Steve admitted. "I'm not saying they're not. The logic checks out. It has to. That's how it works. But what's
He took a deep breath; it came out as a sigh.
, Ty?" His voice shook, now. "What did you do when they said
Oh. Tony thought he had
"Excuse me a second," Tony said, and then he muted himself on comms. "I have to find an electrical outlet."
His tone is dry, flippant, although it's obvious that keeping up appearances as Tony Stark is, in fact, something that's important to him. Preserving the secret. Not letting anyone know how badly he's wounded. How much he's hurting.
Steve does.
And that, that was actually concerning. That was something that Tony could manage to be concerned about even while, well, on morphine. Not a lot of people knew that Tony was sober now, after the whole incident with the Carnelian ambassador. It wasn't exactly public knowledge. But Steve knew. And Steve should have known -- Steve
And he was just going to knock Jarvis out of consideration immediately because... ugh. No. No way. Jarvis had always been like a father to him. Jarvis definitely did not own an Iron Man butt plug. Tony wished he could unthink that thought right now. There were some mental images he did not need to have.
Steve smiled at him. "Can do, Shellhead." He paused as a thought occurred to him. "Hey, I'm going to get to call you Shellhead
Iron Man can't spend as much time with Steve as Steve would like. In an ideal world, he'd be at Steve's side all day every day -- and while Steve is mature enough to acknowledge that this is only a fantasy, he does wish he got to see Iron Man a little more. Unlike the rest of the Avengers, Iron Man doesn't even have a room at the mansion. And, unlike the rest of the Avengers, Iron Man has a day job. He always has to play bodyguard to Mr. Stark, who is, of course, very busy.
But he was wrong. He was wrong, because Tony hadn't. He hadn't lost at all. This was the last gasp of Tiberius' final argument, and it wasn't going to work.
Steve answered him anyway. "You're welcome."
"Please tell me that's a euphemism."
That was encouraging, at least.
He did, in fact, box up the photographs of him and Tony, but before he could put the box in the closet he had to stop, because he was getting far too misty-eyed. And, unfortunately, the process of boxing them all up had necessitated looking at them.
"Hmm?" Steve asked, and that was when Tony pulled Steve's head into his lap and ran his fingers through his hair. "Mmm." God, that felt good. "This is nice," Steve murmured. "I like this."
Steve laughs. Tony always makes him laugh.
Not even five seconds later, he realizes that this is going to be more difficult than he anticipated. He wanted to keep an eye on Tony, but he definitely doesn't want to turn his back to the enemy.
Iron Man angles his body toward him, leaning in a little closer, and then he reaches out and takes one of Steve's hands in both of his own. Steve's not surprised that Iron Man has good hands. The fabric of his gloves is soft against the calluses of Steve's fingers, roughened by catching his shield every day, and Iron Man hums softly as he smooths out the muscles of Steve'a palm. Then he slides one of his hands down, his thumb dancing over the sensitive skin of Steve's wrist, and Steve just barely chokes back a moan, because he's pretty sure Iron Man didn't intend to elicit this reaction from just a touch.
It's eleven o'clock now, and they're back at the mansion and well into the part of the celebration that's decidedly
Tony's brain was working a few seconds faster than his current level of hand-eye coordination, but, unfortunately, not fast enough yet for Tony himself to have figured that out. Tony was starting to roll to the side, lurching upward, and he hit the full length of the electrode wires and the full length of the IV tube at about the same time. He stopped, his motion arrested, and the IV stand wobbled dangerously.
Tony didn't even blink. "The entire superhero community already knows I'm Iron Man," Tony said. His tone was even, level, calm. "That's a lot of people. So I can't imagine it'll make much of a difference if the entire world knows. It can't make me look worse. At this point, it might even make me look better."
Gone is the familiar clanking of metal footsteps, heavy and resonant. Instead, he hears the soft whisper of fabric on concrete. That's-- that's not how Iron Man sounds. Something's different. Something's changed.
inside him? What had he done to Tony's heart? Steve could feel his fists clench. He didn't think he'd ever punched anyone who was unconscious, but the idea was sounding better and better.
Tony's eyes lit up. "Is it?" He sounded more than a little surprised. He probably hadn't thought Steve would admit to that either.
." He said the name wrong again. "Since you kept telling me how much you liked it. How much you thought I'd like it. And you're usually a pretty good judge of what I'd like." There was a slightly longer pause. "I've never actually read a gay book before," Tony said, more quietly, eyes downcast. "I don't know what they're like. I-- I never wanted anyone to even suspect anything. I was scared. But it sounds like it might be... a good thing. For me to read. And you said it had a happy ending, and that sounds good. I was just wondering what the rest was about."
. All lowercase."
"Steve."
Then from the bedroom, there was an awful lot of rustling, followed by the sound of soft footsteps. When Steve glanced over, he could see Tony in the darkness, a shadowy outline, leaning against the doorframe.
So, long story short, nobody told him how Tony was doing, and instead they strapped him into restraints, and two hours later he's here, alone, while next door Tony could be
Oh. Tony had drawn the wrong conclusion. Except he wasn't exactly wrong. And Steve absolutely couldn't tell him the whole truth.
"Well," Tony said, pleased. He turned his head, kissed Steve's shoulder. "I have to say, if it were up to me, I'd take my time. Draw it out. Make you wait for it. Just a bit. Let the anticipation build, as it were."
And then Steve glanced back up at the TV and swore under his breath, because SNN was now showing footage of Tony and Radioactive Man in the park. Steve was absolutely certain now that this whole thing had been orchestrated. They must have been tracking either Tony or Radioactive Man. They had to have been, to be able to find him that quickly. And that meant that none of this was over. Whatever Tiberius was waiting for hadn't happened yet. Not if they were still filming. They were still filming because there was something that needed to happen.
It's a factual explanation, and Steve's positive Tony doesn't mean anything else by it, and furthermore that he definitely doesn't mean for Steve's brain to hop, skip, and jump down a chain of inferences to come up with a solution.
"It's exactly what I want," Steve said, picking the words with deliberate care, and Tony smiled even broader, in joy and relief.
"But mostly," Tony said, the words halting, his eyes lowered, "mostly I figured that if I didn't tell you-- if I didn't tell you-- I'd never have to find out what you really thought about-- about-- about men like me."
"Think about it!" Tony said. His eyes were bright, his face joyous, the way he always looked when he was in the grip of some revolutionary new idea. Oh, that was what this was. Tony was a genius, and he'd seen something here that Steve hadn't seen. "Not just the TV shows and the movies. That's fun, all right, but that's only the tip of the iceberg." He stepped closer, gesturing as he talked, wild and animated. "Think about how many situations there are where you could make a real difference in someone's life by putting them into an immersive virtual simulation, a simulation that you can't run in reality, either because it's cost-prohibitive or because it's simply something that can't be modeled in the real world."
The voices from next door are louder, angrier, a babble of irked speech, and Steve fervently hopes that doesn't mean something is really, really wrong.
It doesn't seem soon to him. He used to know plenty of fellas who'd proposed pretty damn fast, right before they'd shipped out, to have someone to come home to, and none of them ever seemed to have any complaints. Hell, Bucky'd always nagged him about how he'd never gotten down on one knee for Betsy. Steve supposes he'd just been waiting for the right person to come along.
"Yeah," Tony said, heavily. "I did love you. I really did. I loved the man I thought you were. But he wasn't you at all, was he? I know that now. This still isn't really you, either." Tony's breath was ragged. "All the people you killed, did they beg you for mercy too? What did you
And if anyone else walked in on them right now, they were definitely going to know he and Tony were an item. Steve was sitting on one end of the couch, laptop balanced on the arm of the couch, paging through reports one-handed. Tony was stretched out on the couch, with his head in Steve's lap. Steve was absently stroking Tony's hair with his other hand. Tony's eyes were half-closed in bliss.
Tony reached out, his fingers catching and dragging along the scales of Steve's uniform as he tried and failed to grab his shoulder. "No," Tony finally managed to blurt out, which was all he could say and yet wasn't enough because Steve was still moving.
Steve pushed his way faster past two more seats, almost to the front of the plane. "Shake it. Countermeasures."
He can't. Tony's going to be a mess if Steve leaves him in this state. He can't leave Tony. But Jan doesn't know that. Jan thinks she's interrupting an ordinary, vanilla, romantic evening. She thinks that, at worst, she interrupted them having sex -- which she did. But the thing is, it's not exactly the kind of sex they can stop and walk away from, at this point.
Could they have had this all along? Could they have had this from the beginning?
A fraction of a second slower than he should be, Iron Man steps inside.
He remembers how Tony had looked just a few hours ago, all wrapped up in Steve's rope, his cock hard, the knots of the harness showing him off so beautifully, rubbing against him in all the best ways, at the mercy of pressure and friction. He'd looked so
"Here," Steve said. "Come here, come here."
If she thought she was going to make him ashamed of caring about Tony, she had another think coming.
. "Are you seriously going to try to tell me that you've never once thought I made a mistake?"
Mr. Stark must have told him. He must have told him what Steve's planning. No other explanation is possible. There's something aching and hollow in Steve's chest.
"And you think that's what he's doing to me," Tony said. His voice was flat. Steve couldn't tell if he'd convinced him or not. "You think that's what he's doing, and I'm not seeing it."
He finds Steve, thankfully, in the kitchen of the common area, as he'd suggested. Steve has found some civilian clothing in his room and is just finishing up making a turkey sandwich and putting everything away; bottles of condiments are scattered across the counter as if Steve had taken the time to get out everything unfamiliar to him -- which would have been a lot of them -- and read their names and ingredients. The sandwich is much smaller than the ones Steve usually makes himself; he's probably still trying to be a polite guest.
"Dealer's choice," Steve said. "I make a heck of a lot of noise. Especially if you're hitting hard." He grinned again. "Which you could probably have guessed, what with the sparring and the years of combat. I'm not the best at stealth."
He can hear the hope in Mr. Stark's voice, even as Mr. Stark starts to stutter in what sounds a lot like actual fear. And then Steve realizes why Mr. Stark might be nervous.
Steve knows he's going to start fidgeting out of sheer nerves any second. He pulls his cowl back. He pulls off his gloves and tucks them into his belt. When he looks up, he sees that Iron Man is staring at his hands like he's never seen them before, and then his face.
when they've offered
"And a lot of kids," Tony added, and that was going to make it all so much worse.
Tony shrugs. "Not much. Thinking."
," Tony told him. "If it matters, then it matters." His hand glided over Steve's side, a reassuring caress. "If it helps, I've never wanted money just for the sake of having money. I'm not wired like that. For me it's... a means to an end. There are things I want to do, ways I want to help people, and that takes money. The amount of work the Foundation does, all the social programs they fund, that costs money. It's not all my money, but a lot of it is. Making the armor costs a whole lot of money. Outfitting, quartering, and feeding the team costs money. Damage Control costs money. And it's money I'm absolutely willing to spend, but it does mean I need a source of income. If I hadn't wanted to do this, if I'd never wanted to work a day in my life, I wouldn't have had to, and I know that's an unimaginable luxury, but the thing is, I
So he did what he could. He told the truth.
And then Steve looks up, and fire sparks hot in his eyes. Could be lust. Could be a flaming space death bird.
"Steve, you believe in me more than anyone else in the whole damn world. I deliberately led you to think I was doing something else, so Ghost would fall for it. And the
"Not a problem," Steve says, because, after all, he has fought Baron Blood. "That's why my uniform's got neck armor." Not that he's wearing the uniform right now. His pajamas do have little stars on them, though.
"Well," Jan said, finally. "I think this calls for the big guns. Do you want to do it, or should I?"
Tony downed the rest of his scotch in three seconds flat. It wasn't really making this situation more comprehensible.
"Hey, no." Steve interrupted him, but the reprimand was gentle. "Nothing to feel sorry for. Nothing to feel bad about. None of that, okay, sweetheart?"
That all sounded like something Tiberius would have said, and also something that Tony, hungry for love, would absolutely have believed. As long as Tiberius had said he loved him, Tony would have taken it.
"It's-- it's okay if you don't--" Steve begins, hesitantly, and he knows it's a lie, and he knows he's a terrible liar, and it's not okay, it isn't okay at all, but he needs to do right by Iron Man, first and foremost. And if this is what Iron Man needs to hear, then he'll say it.
Steve hadn't known that, and that does make him feel a bit better, but it still doesn't eliminate the underlying problem here.
They'd already established Steve still had feeling in his fingers -- in his whole arm, even -- and he tried and failed not to wince when Tony pressed his hand against the aluminum splint, letting it mold to the shape of Steve's arm.
It was because of Tiberius, obviously. The familiar spear of jealousy lanced through Steve's heart. It was fine, he told himself. That was just a feeling. It didn't have to affect how he treated Tony. He was just going to treat Tony exactly the same as always. Maybe, eventually, he'd stop loving him.
"Well, when I was getting dressed," Steve begins, as he sets his now-empty plate on the coffee table, "I was looking in my nightstand to see if I had a watch or anything, and I found a... device? It looks like a fancy little clock, maybe? But with a photograph on it."
He folded his hands in his lap. He was feeling calmer now. Walders stared back at him, unperturbed.
"Yeah," Steve assured him. "Absolutely. It's what I want. It's what I've wanted for so long."
," Iron Man forces out.
Tony raised his eyebrows, and Steve could feel him tense up, just a little. Steve suspected, based on Tiberius' description of Tony's school years, that being a shy, sensitive, bookish child who loved fantasy roleplaying games hadn't exactly made him a lot of friends. Tony was probably used to derision, ready for it, even if he knew Steve would never have mocked him. Tony was twitchy about a lot of things.
Steve pumped him a few more times, experimentally, getting a sense of the rhythm Tony liked, but then he slowed it all down. He didn't want Tony to come like this, after all. Not that he'd
He should let Steve know exactly how much he was into the thought of this. A disclosure in kind. Steve wasn't going to use it against him, he reminded himself. Steve wasn't going to think he was a freak. God knew he'd been with people who couldn't handle this side of him, people who couldn't deal with the fact that he wanted to hurt people he loved, recreationally. But Steve was asking to know, he told himself. Steve
"Rightful owner," Tony repeated, trying to echo Thor's smile. "Yeah. Sure. Great. Thank you."
lubes. There's a can of WD-40, something claiming to be graphite lubricant, and a tiny liquid-filled tube of whatever the heck "PTFE" is. Steve sure hopes Tony has never accidentally grabbed the wrong bottle.
Carol's chin snapped up with the force of the blow. She hadn't braced for it, and her entire body rocked back and up with it. And then Steve realized that she
Tony threw himself into Steve's arms like he had something to prove, and specifically that the thing he had to prove was how much he wanted Steve. His lips met Steve's, again and again.
What? Tony didn't
"Can I get you anything while you wait?" Tony asks, solicitously, chivvying him forward until he's about halfway into the place, just past the kitchen island.
He didn't offer his hand, which was good, because Steve wouldn't have taken it.
And then Tony stops wanting to laugh, because Steve's pushing himself out of bed and his fists are clenched. "How did I get out of the water? And where's Bucky? How did you find us, Nazi? What have you done with him?"
Steve blinked up at him. "What-- what happened?"
"It'll keep," Tony said, as he cracked one egg and then another into the pan. He leaned over, dug into the breadbox, and stuck a couple slices of bread in the toaster. "You're more important."
Steve wondered if he was going to watch Tony kill Tiberius.
"Aye," Thor agreed. "He is a fearsome sorcerer, possessed of great magic, which he uses to a dire purpose."
Tony tried to reach for his faceplate again. He didn't make it this time either. He grabbed Steve's hand and tugged feebly upwards.
, Iron Man."
There's a humming noise over where Iron Man is standing, and then popping noises. Iron Man is... making popcorn in a microwave oven? Steve didn't know Mr. Stark had one. There's already one in the kitchen upstairs. Steve's not sure whether having one's own microwave is extravagant or commonplace; he hasn't the faintest idea how much they cost. He suspects that, whatever the amount is, Mr. Stark can afford it.
. This was the worst possible outcome. Not only did Tony not love him, not only was Tony with a man who was abusing him, Tony knew about Steve's crush, his unrequited love. Maybe Tiberius had told him. That sure sounded like something Tiberius might have done. Maybe they'd laughed about it together. Maybe Tony was going to curl up in Tiberius' embrace, saying
A voice in the back of Steve's head was telling him that he should probably stop. He ignored it. He needed to say this. He was almost certain they weren't going to air it. But at least he'd have told them the truth.
"I'm glad," Steve says, and he really, really is. "Here, let me get started on your back."
Steve stared at the mess of straps surrounding him -- the five-point restraint harness was a mess at the best of times -- and then stared at his arm in a sling and sighed. "I don't suppose I could put my head in your lap again?" he asked, hopefully.
. The only thing that matters is getting through this with Tony still breathing.
Steve exhaled hard and told himself not to fantasize about tucking Tony into bed. That was probably a weird fantasy, right? Yeah, that was a weird fantasy. That wasn't even a
Tony gets it.
Something about Tony's explanation, though, had lodged in Steve's brain, like a thorny tactical problem. Donahue's story sure sounded like it was true, but the timing seemed... wrong. Why would Stone's father have committed suicide months
And that was why they couldn't do any of this, wasn't it? Any of what he wanted. Steve bit his lip.
Maybe this is going to work just fine after all.
"Oh," Steve said, the sound small and somehow disappointed, and then he picked up his pizza again and didn't say anything else for the rest of the meal.
, Steve amends, wincing inwardly -- fine, but he says his liver's still shot. So it's not impossible that his back didn't get included in the deal.
Steve had never thought of it that way, but maybe now Tony was finally getting it. Maybe now he understood how much Steve loved him.
simple. He loves Iron Man. Iron Man loves him. He can't imagine wanting to be with anyone else in his entire life. And now he just has to find out if Iron Man feels the same way. That's all.
Tony knows when he first became a medical miracle: he was five years old.
"Billionaire, actually," Tony corrects him. "With a
"One of you call Damage Control, please," Steve said, hoarsely. The police were probably on the scene, but Damage Control was better equipped for supervillain disaster areas. "Cleanup in Central Park. Tell them to bring hazmat suits. There's radiation."
Yeah, that was exactly how Steve was feeling. "I'd always have let you." Steve found that his voice was husky. "Always. The night I moved into the mansion, all you would have had to do was walk into my room."
," Tony quoted, and Steve burst out laughing. "But, no, I think I'm okay for right now."
Instead, it was Carol's shocked, saddened face in front of him. Her gloved hand briefly covered her mouth. "You're moving out?" she asked.
"Yeah." Steve nods. "He told me about the armor." He pauses. "I don't think he wanted to, honestly, but I'm really glad he did."
A smile edged its way, just barely, onto Tony's face. "I'd make a mess of your pajamas."
He buried his face against Steve's neck, a gesture that was presumably supposed to demonstrate this. He was practically nuzzling him. It felt nice --
"Aren't you on monitors?"
"Absolutely not," Tony said, but he did stroke the back of Steve's hand. "You're wearing a seatbelt all the way home."
Next to him, Iron Man has gone very still.
Tony was rubbing at his chest again, his hand splayed under where that strange metal port was. He was-- he was
But maybe, Steve thinks, maybe it doesn't have to be over.
His fingers ran over the grooves of his own belt buckle. The way Tony was leaning against him, he couldn't quite see Tony's face, but he heard Tony's sharp inhalation of breath, full of desire and somehow disbelief, as if even now he still couldn't quite accept it was happening.
"It's actually worse than it looks." Tony's voice is quiet. "It's pretty bad under the chestplate."
But Mr. Stark evades the question once again. "This isn't what it looks like," he says. There's a small, enigmatic smile on his lips, and his eyes are too reflective, bright with unshed tears. He really is about to cry, and this doesn't make any sense. "None of this is what it looks like."
Steve breathes in and out. All he has is the truth. "You're still beautiful."
, makes his body ache with longing, makes him want to chase a harder, deeper sensation.
. Any sadist's dream. And also his, in particular.
"And?" Steve prompted.
Iron Man tilts his head to the side; his shoulders move slightly, a constricted shrug. "Eh, you know, it wasn't that special. An ordinary day for a superhero. It wasn't anything that anyone else wouldn't have done."
, but Steve knew. Of course he knew. He was clearly it for Tony, the way Tony was it for him. Somehow Steve couldn't quite believe that this moment had been ten years coming, because they'd always, always been gone for each other. Right from the start.
He doesn't know what to do about this. He wants to stand tall and hold out his shield and make Iron Man
. And then he caught Steve looking, bit his lip, and dropped his hand.
He wonders if Iron Man would want to tell more people about them, someday. He wonders if Iron Man would hold his hand in public.
Tony was saying something to Radioactive Man that the news crew's mics weren't picking up. He was holding up his armored hands, which was the sort of thing he remembered to do around people who didn't know what he actually did to be non-threatening. He was probably asking Radioactive Man to put his boyfriend down.
God, Tony was the sweetest.
When they hit the fifth floor, Tony broke off from the rest of the group -- or, rather, he attempted to, but Steve followed him.
When the two of them are the last Avengers remaining in the room, Steve clears his throat and stands up. He debates pulling the cowl off and then decides against it. Iron Man doesn't need to see him with his hair sticking up. He needs to make a good impression.
Tony chuckled -- and then he sat back and regarded Steve, suddenly serious. "You really meant it, didn't you? About the whole" -- he waved his hand, and he lowered his voice a little -- "gay thing. It really doesn't matter to you."
Steve could feel himself start to smile. "Really? You'd really do that?"
That meant that before Tony stormed out of here, he had one last chance to try to make him see. To try to help him.
"And if I have anything to say about it," Tony added, "you'll be spending the rest of your life behind bars. And trust me, I have a lot to say about it."
"Yeah," Steve said, glum. "I know."
Tony laughs. "A strong heart and a chest full of flowers," he mutters, and he lets the drug take him down into a dreamless sleep.
The question had probably been supposed to sound like a joke, but Steve knew Tony well enough to know that it hadn't been a joke at all.
He shouldn't have said it like that. He hadn't known. He hadn't thought about it. That wasn't an excuse, though. There couldn't really be an excuse.
Steve knew Tony couldn't give him all of that. Not with the way his life worked. But Steve also felt a little better for having said it, so maybe Tony had been right to ask him.
He pulled back his cowl, unfastened the mail of his uniform shirt, and hung it up. He was at home; he might as well get comfortable, and he was certainly more comfortable in just the undershirt. The rest of the uniform wasn't as heavy. He didn't mind keeping it on.
He's out of time.
"I don't like when you're hurt," Steve said, quietly.
"Yeah," Tony said, blankly, like he had no idea why Steve thought it was important. "You didn't see Chen Lu at the party? He was right there, the whole night. He wasn't in costume, though. Maybe you haven't seen him as much as I have."
"You don't need to thank me," Steve said. "I already told you. I'm your friend." He tried not to think about the book again, and failed. "I'm happy to help."
He stared at the lights on the wall again. His head swam, dizzily.
Tony delicately strokes the back of Steve's hand with his fingertips.
"Steve?" Tony breathed, surprised.
Tony grinned again. "Oh," he said. "There's nothing going on with me." His mouth quivered. "Might just go right to sleep. Definitely going to sleep. Any second now. There's sure nothing happening that would make that difficult."
"I think if you walk into the knife," Tony said, quietly, "they call it suicide." His eyes were deep and dark. Night-sky indigo. The vast emptiness of space. And then he seemed to realize what he was saying, and he shook himself. He ran his fingers through his hair. "Sorry, I-- I'm not that badly off. You don't need to worry about that." His mouth twisted. "This is actually me trying not to get hurt. And failing at it."
"For sure," Steve agreed, taking another bite, and then another. "And how are you?"
Tony raised an eyebrow, considering. "Could be either. He is definitely lacking in Wisdom." And then he grinned wide. "Glad I've found someone who put all their points in it. Good choice." He leaned his head against Steve's shoulder. He was nuzzling him. It felt great.
"You're a real swell guy, Mr. Stark," Steve starts to say, and he feels horribly guilty as he watches Mr. Stark's face fall, "and I like you a lot. It was nice of you to ask me. I'm sure we'd have a good time together. But I-- I've got my eye on someone else. I was thinking of asking them out. And I don't think it's fair to you for me to go out with you when I'm already thinking about someone else, you know?" He pauses. Mr. Stark is trying to hide his emotions behind a brave face, but there's sorrow in his eyes now. "You shouldn't have to settle for that. You deserve someone who wants
Lifting his head, Tony turned toward him. The skylight above him cast strange shadows across the planes of his face. His gaze was haunted. "Yep." He sounded like he'd intended to be funny, but hadn't quite made it there. "You know how they say you're the common denominator in your failed relationships? I figured that one out a while ago. You'd think knowing that would have helped, but somehow I keep making the exact same mistakes." Air shuddered out of his lips, a sound that might have been a laugh. "As far as I can tell, I'm just a stupendously easy mark. And yet I'm still surprised every damn time."
"Okay," Steve said, drawing himself up where he sat, and he realized he'd fallen into his mission-briefing voice. "So if we're going back to that
Tony had been rubbing his chest a hell of a lot, lately. Because it
"This is a fantasy," Tony spits out. "You know that, right? You can't hide from the rest of your life forever. I'm the only other person in the room. If you fire that gun, who are you going to hit?" He runs his hands through his hair. "You came to me and you wanted my help forgetting about your bullshit black-ops job for a couple of hours, but this-- this is something else."
Behind the mask, Iron Man's eyes are wide and earnest. He squeezes Steve's hand. His fingers are gentle. Steve's not sure he'll ever be able to see Iron Man in full armor without wishing for this again, and he hates the thought.
There's a low, throaty note in his voice that's never been there before, and something in Steve thrills to hear it. Tony's
squeezed past Tony's tight throat, but at least he'd gotten the lie out.
"Okay so far?" Steve asks.
"Not my heart." Iron Man shakes his head. He's laughing again. It's not a pleasant sound. "Except in the emotional sense, I suppose." He sighs. "I'm trying to think of a way to say this that doesn't involve the phrase
On one hand, it would be strange if Tony wanted to kick him out of his own room. On the other, it would definitely not be the strangest thing that has happened to Steve in the past half hour alone.
It was all part of the plan. God. Steve owes Tony several thousand apologies.
"What are you going to tell the world, Ty?" Tony said, coolly. He was upping the ante. And his voice didn't even tremble. "Tony Stark is a fag? Tony Stark sucks cock? Tony Stark takes it up the ass?" He enunciated each insult with crisp precision. "What exactly do you think you can say that I haven't heard before? And I know you know I've heard it all before."
"You ready to go?" Steve asks.
The kiss is tentative, and after barely a second or two, Iron Man pauses, and starts to draw back, like he thinks he's done something wrong, like he thinks Steve doesn't want him, and Steve can't possibly let that stand.
He had to tell Steve who he was. He had to. He probably only had a few more minutes left, but Steve had to know. Just one last thing. And then he could go.
Being Iron Man isn't so bad. It's a little lonely at first, but then he has the Avengers, and then--
It didn't matter. Tony was here, and he was going to get everything he needed from here on out.
"Mr. Stark," Tiberius clarified, like he was trying to be helpful, like he was trying to pretend that he wasn't Tony's goddamn
They let each other go, but as Tony drew back, he kept his hands on Stone's shoulders, staring at him for long seconds. Then he blinked and shook himself, glancing around like he was waking up, like he hadn't quite realized there were still other people in the room.
had told him, and it galled Steve that a man who'd spent years plotting Tony's downfall had been better at comforting him than Steve had been.
Tony groans again as Steve pushes his fingers into the mass of tension that is the back of Tony's neck, a thumb on either side of his spine. Tony was right when he said he needed help here. It's maybe worse than the actual bullet wound in his back.
This isn't good. Of course this isn't good. But they've all had worse, and they got through that, and they'll get through this, too. It's going to be all right. It has to be.
," Steve says, mock-reproachfully, and he's grinning back.
"Steve." Iron Man's voice is sad again, trembling even through the vocal filters, and Steve's heart starts to sink. "Steve, I-- I can't-- my identity-- my-- my
That hasn't been very true of his life recently.
"I liked it a lot," Steve said. His throat was desert-dry. "It's got a very happy ending, actually. I've read it more than once. I thought it was nice."
But he knew that no one was going to like what happened next if Thor opened that box. And since neither Jan nor --
He can't think of any reason in the world why Iron Man should feel like that, but it's as plain as day, in the crackle of Iron Man's voice, in the hesitant way Iron Man holds himself even in armor as he takes the smallest step backward, in the fact that he's still standing in the hallway like the threshold is a no-man's-land.
"No admittance," the guard said. "Scram, buddy."
Iron Man falls.
Tony wasn't actually sure it was going to do any good, but at least Steve would feel like he was doing something.
Carol's arms were outstretched, hands fisted, as she barreled back toward him, picking up speed in the air.
He knew what the wrong answer was, and the wrong answer was, unfortunately, everything he had ever told Tony about his feelings concerning Tony's drinking. They'd never talked about that conversation they'd had in that flophouse again. And it was terrible of him, but whenever he thought about it Steve mostly just hoped that Tony had been drunk enough then that he didn't remember any of it anymore.
Steve leaned in and kissed Tony's bare hip, in thanks. "Prepare to be surprised, then."
"Not really sure
"What?"
He raised his fists and punched out, a one-two punch that was the only thing he could manage before she hit him. His reach was greater. That was all he had.
"Shellhead!" Steve repeated, urgently. "Talk to me. What's wrong?"
The foyer was empty. Of course it was. It was Sunday afternoon, there were no active threats, it was a beautiful day outside, and other than Jarvis, the only other person in the building right now was probably whoever was on monitor duty. Nobody else was going to want to be here if they didn't have to be. He was safe.
He could feel his face heat. He wasn't rich. He didn't own things like that. No fancy cologne for him. He was simple. Maybe too simple for Tony.
This piques Tony's interest. Tony loosens his grip on Steve, and when he puts his head up there's curiosity in his gaze and a flicker of delight, as if just by asking Steve has given him a gift. For Tony, Steve's question is a puzzle -- and there's not much in the world that Tony likes better than a good puzzle.
Inside Tony's helmet, the same beep echoed.
"Okay, then," Tony says, with a smile. "I'll just be a minute or two. Excuse me."
Steve sprawled back on the bed, breathing hard, content to just lie there. Maybe Tony could come up and hold him. Except first he probably ought to get the condom--
"I survived Ty, too," Tony said, so quietly that Steve almost couldn't hear him. He didn't look up.
Steve nudges Tony's legs a little wider, putting him right where he wants him, and Tony is suddenly, viscerally aware that they're in the middle of the briefing room, he is naked and hard and spread out in front of Steve, giving it up, all for Steve, and literally anyone could see him.
"Yeah, and if I wanted to take you to Lombardi's, I'd take you to Lombardi's," Iron Man says, and then he chuckles. "You should see your face. Yeah, it's still there. But this is better. Trust me."
And Steve can't even really talk to him right now, to try to calm him down. Anything he says will be lost in the wind, even with the comms on.
And then, gently, he nudged Tony's shoulder. "Hey, Shellhead," he said, softly. "Can you let me up for a second? I need to get my phone. I'll come right back, I promise."
He doesn't.
Tony's been staring at pictures of this man all his life. "The Wasp is right!"
And here Tony was, talking about someone else.
"There's a... grace period," Mr. Stark says. "At least a few minutes. Removing the armor isn't instantly fatal. You wouldn't have killed him. You'd have noticed something was wrong and been able to put the armor back." There's a fierceness in his gaze. "St-- Captain. Please don't think you would have killed him. Don't blame yourself. It's not your fault that he's-- that he's--
Steve doesn't even bat an eye at Stephen's getup; Tony supposes he's seen weirder with the Invaders already. He just shakes Stephen's hand and smiles a guileless smile.
Tony breathed in and out heavily. The air smelled funny. "Have you considered applying through our official channels?" he managed to ask.
Half an hour later, Steve still wasn't asleep.
He and Iron Man go to a ball game, sitting in the cheap seats just like Steve did when he was a kid -- though even the cheap seats are a heck of a lot nicer than they used to be. Iron Man, as promised, loans him a movie -- an animated version of
Clearly, Steve had been tempting fate.
"It wasn't a thing straight people thought was decent. If they did it, they sure didn't admit to it. Maybe a working girl would do it. Nice girls didn't. It was for queers. These days, people think the thing that's the most gay is, uh, penetration. But that sure wasn't how it used to be. It was bizarre to get to the future and learn that straight people had discovered blowjobs too. No one knew it had ever been different. No one knew to warn me, you know?" He grinned in rueful reminiscence, and Tony smiled back.
"I didn't have to be a superhero," Tony says, precisely, like he's spelling it out. "I'll hazard a guess that being a superhero is not, in fact, a recommended career path for someone with brain cancer. I have an
"Okay," Steve said. His tea was far too hot; he didn't know how Tony was drinking it. "So. I know this was something that happened to you when your armor was sentient. I figured out that much. Your mission report did mention cardiac damage. But your report was a little... vague... about what had happened, and exactly how it had happened."
Music starts with an orchestral flourish, and the screen displays an epigram, huge white words in a black void: THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN BRAIN AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART!
Tony had spent the past week -- or, hell, maybe his entire life -- being asked to believe things about himself that were ugly lies. It wasn't strange to think that he'd have a hard time believing the truth.
again. It probably is.
The video switched, now showing a file photo of Whiplash in what Steve had always thought of as a rather daring costume that was definitely inappropriate for television. It was side by side with one of the Avengers' promotional photographs, Tony posing in his latest armor, eyes barely visible behind the mask. Of course, nobody who was watching this except the two of them knew it was Tony in the Iron Man armor. Steve didn't think that that information was going to exonerate Tony. It would probably make him look worse.
Tony tipped his head up and leaned in; Steve obligingly ran a hand over the nape of Tony's neck, pulling him in a little closer, and then he kissed him. Tony tasted... well, an awful lot like Steve, actually, which made sense given where his mouth had just been. Steve wondered if he should find that thought as arousing as he did. He was getting hard again.
Steve glanced away again. Even that hadn't been enough. He still looked so damn
And sure, it was a dumb joke, but it was a dumb joke with intent:
He's not exactly in the mood to let Steve go, so he's reduced to rolling his hips against him in illustration.
Defensive, Stephen's face twists in that archly-superior manner he likes to pretend he doesn't have. "Amnesia spells are very complicated and require a great deal of finesse to execute perfectly, Tony. Under the circumstances, we didn't really have a lot of time."
"You'd like that?" Tony asked.
"Pardon?"
"If you really loved him," Steve breathed, pitching the words so only Tiberius could hear him, "you'd never, ever do this to him. You're guilty as sin. And we both know it."
Tony's mouth quivered. "Yeah." Tears were starting to track down his cheeks again. His face looked half-raw, reddened and swollen. "He took me back to the streets, and he made me feel
And Steve can't do anything but smile. "Same."
blushing. Everything okay?" He pauses. "Did I say something wrong? Was that too much?"
It's the first time the thought has ever occurred to him, in these weeks of dating, in these months of knowing he had feelings for Iron Man. It's more than just liking. It's more than simple affection. It's love. That's what it is. He loves Iron Man.
Steve cups his palm to Tony's cheek; Tony's skin is still damp with tears, and his beard scrapes against Steve's palm. Tony blinks at the touch and comes back to himself, refocusing.
Steve got an arm around him before he fell, and Tony leaned into him.
"I know that this--" Tony attempted to gesture at himself with the arm that had the IV in and instantly regretted it-- "isn't what you thought you were getting into, so to speak, when you asked your good buddy Shellhead on a date. But you're--" he faltered-- "you're really-- how are you so
Steve deserved to know, and Tony was a coward.
He's gone before Steve can say anything else.
And, Tony being who he is, he can actually offer a counterargument. He always can, when Steve gets down about something.
be confirmed, because I'm the person who needs to confirm it, and there's nothing independent to confirm it with. It's a real Catch-22."
"I have two reasons, actually." Steve held up one finger. "One is that, for professional reasons, I'm intimately familiar with the details of Iron Man's weapons loadout, just as I'm familiar with the abilities of every Avenger. Iron Man doesn't carry anything capable of creating that kind of explosion, whereas Radioactive Man has been known to trigger explosions nearly identical to that one." Steve straightened up and faced the nearest camera. He held up a second finger. "The other reason is that I have proof. Iron Man's armor provides real-time telemetry, which I personally was monitoring during the fight. In accordance with long-standing Avengers protocol, the armor records and reports all weapons discharge, which would include any alleged explosions. The only weapon activity reported during that entire fight was two repulsor blasts whose time codes match up with shots that your own station has visual records of. There is no record of any other weapons discharge. Simply put, Ms. Walders, I can verify that it wasn't Iron Man."
Mr. Stark had gotten hurt fixing Iron Man. Then the sentence clicks into Steve's brain. He'd gotten
He wasn't going to thrust into Tony's mouth, so he trembled, trying to keep himself in check, but at the same time that meant he couldn't quite let go, either. He needed something else. Just a little more.
"I'm not straight," Steve repeated. "Seriously, Tony, do a lot of straight guys kiss you? With tongue? I'm betting not."
And then there were the so-called Armor Wars. Steve scrolled through a news article that gleefully explained how Iron Man had attacked anyone using Stark technology, how he'd broken into the Vault to attack the Guardsmen, how he obviously couldn't be trusted. But only two people knew exactly what Tony had done that day at the Vault. Tony was one of them, and Steve himself was the other one. Steve was never going to forget the way Tony had sucker-punched him, temporarily paralyzed him, and then stared him down, nearly in tears behind the mask, like it had been killing him to do this. And Steve knew it had been. It had been killing both of them.
, you can't-- you can't take the armor off, please--"
"Easy," Tony said. "You're going to get more than this. I know exactly what you can take, so I fully intend to beat you black and blue because I know you'll be fine in six hours. But in the meantime, well, maybe your ass gets to match your uniform."
"Really?"
"NYPD!" a man yelled, and Steve tensed, bringing up his shield--
Steve held up his hands. "I know it sounds crazy," he said. "I know that. And Tiberius knows that, too. That's what he's counting on. When he broke the Whiplash story, Tiberius had the exact footage to incriminate you. And that's what he was trying to do again. If Radioactive Man was such a big surprise to him, how did he have a news crew ready to follow you when you ended up continuing the fight in Central Park? How did he know where you were? And how did he get cameras there that fast? I'm betting he was tracking one of the two of you. Maybe both."
Jan laid a sympathetic hand on Steve's arm. "It'll be okay, Cap," she said, and she said it like she understood. She couldn't have understood how he really felt, of course, but of the two of them, she was the one who had actually dated Tony. Because Tony, Steve reminded himself, was straight. "Tony does this. You know he does this. He'll come back."
Tony obligingly wrinkled his nose, the way he'd been meant to, and Steve was glad to see it. Tony was trying. And that had to mean something.
"You've been monitoring me for two months?" Tony demanded. "Why?"
Tony's standing next to him, still and silent. Steve wishes he could crack Tony's helmet and touch him one more time -- but there are definitely cameras in here, and they're definitely being monitored right now, and Iron Man's secret identity is one of the things that Tony's employees definitely don't know about him.
Then he realizes Tony is shivering. Tony wasn't wearing much under the armor. He's down to his boxers, and, well, the armor was what was keeping him warm. And they don't have spare clothing.
Tony's lips were parted, still incredulous. "I thought you were humoring me and my nerdy hobbies. Being polite. I always thought you were--" He shook his head in amazement. "God, Steve, how long ago was that? Years? You've been in love with me for
He opened his eyes.
Tony heard himself sob.
Tony looked down at the multimeter in Steve's other hand, which was reading a suspiciously normal-looking 120 V. He distrusted this. Intensely.
Tony had asked him a question. Steve's mouth was open. He couldn't make himself speak. He just nodded, a twitchy little movement.
Steve was hot and tight inside, his body clenching down on Tony's fingers, desperately trying to hold onto him, and it was very easy to imagine what it might be like on another night, when they might have more supplies and Steve could take even more of him. Tony was getting harder at the mere thought.
There's no more putting it off when he reaches the mansion. Captain America will want to see the Avengers' benefactor in the flesh, after all. Tony bites his lip, straightens his tie in the mirror, and takes three different antitussives, one of which is a high-dose synthetic opioid, and none of which he suspects are meant to be taken together.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stone," Steve said, in his most polite Captain America voice.
hurt you."
Steve watches Ghost pick out the keys one at a time, typing one-handed. The metal keys click heavily as he presses them. The sound has a certain ominous finality.
Well, that was worse, all right.
, he says. Pfft. It looks like magic to me." He's still grinning. "You like kids a lot, don't you?"
Iron Man's nod is enthusiastic. "Come by the workshop tomorrow night. I'll show you."
Tony's not crying -- not anymore, anyway -- but he's still not what Steve would call fine. Nowhere near it. This isn't enough, not this time. Tony's gone awfully far into the gloominess. He's had a hell of a night.
