to fix his father's favored thunderbolt.
Every day for the last year he’s had to live with the guilt of his abilities. The choice to hold himself back from helping even when someone could have died.
He sees himself falling over and over again when the man he calls his father slaps him across the face in the name of discipline.
Howard laughs, “Don’t flip your wig. I can tell you’re feeling real good about this one.”
Tony bursts into unrestrained, borderline hysterical laughter.
“I'm not overly fond of what follows.”
His mouth feels like cotton and Tony can only bring himself to assess the room with half-lidded eyes.
It isn’t until a couple hours later that the rest of the unit returns.
When he pulls up to the parking lot with a screech, Tony rips open the car door and sprints.
Shocked silence permeates the room until Bucky breaks it. He sounds hysterical. “You don’t have one of those, do you?”
“I’m god of many things – travelers, particularly to the Underworld, being the one most relevant to your question.”
Hephaestus forced himself to laugh, but it felt weak. “Of course! A mighty hammer for what will be a mighty king.”
When Schmidt straightens up, a feeling of dread rushes through him. He can spot the smile on Schmidt’s face from where he’s standing.
(Steve fucking deserves to be happy. He needs to accept that Steve’s happy American Dream ending just doesn’t include Tony.)
“It's like calisthenics.” Tony fumbles to explain. “You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle.”
Steve doesn’t respond with words. Schmidt stumbles back from the force of the punch and cups his jaw.
“Well to address the matter at hand, I’ve discovered a way to reinstate you within Olympus.”
“My boy, you can’t afford to be this naïve.”
“I hear you’re sort of attached.” Hades nods to the next table.
. And the more he thinks about it, the more he sees his mother doing nothing to stop his fa-Zeus’s rampage.
“You okay back there, boss?”
He never taught him the value of a team.
“Tony!”
(That would probably be ‘Code: Pi Alpha Pi.’
“I have to go,” he offers Hephaestus a teasing smirk that is far more dark then was probably intended. “Try not to blow anything up.”
He lunges for Rhodey and Pepper.
He’s oddly groggy for a moment before shame floods through his system, shoulders involuntarily hunching forward.
“Don’t pass the buck, Tony.”
Considering there’s nothing more he can do at the moment, Tony continues to tell himself that working himself up is pointless.
The crowd laughed uproariously, as if the crude gesture was the greatest thing since Dionysus presented wine.
Ares took a breath, “I don’t think I can help.”
The contact isn’t malicious or even moving at all. It’s just a hand. A firm and calloused hand with just enough weight on it to feel grounding rather than like a deliberate attempt to keep him in place.
Dum-E.
He really needs to set a new protocol to prevent surprise visits. Especially if he wants to keep his less than normal abilities on the down low. Tony sends a note for JARVIS to remind him.
(And if there’s also a slightly smaller armor nicknamed Rescue hidden in the back of his closet at the end of it, that’s his business. All right?)
Finally he nods. “Okay.”
Right before he’s hit by a flying hammer.
And Tony knows he has a responsibility to stop this. For Hades.
“The mission was to retrieve him from the castle of Johann Schmidt, the head of Hitler's special weapons and science division, or HYDRA. You see, when Erskine refused to cooperate with the Nazis, he tried to escape with his family to Switzerland in 1935. But Hitler sent Schmidt after him, and forced Erskine to finish the formula.
“Now that’s just rude.” Tony says automatically, before lifting his shirt to take subtle sniff of his body. He involuntarily gags a little.
Observing again the pressed khakis, tie, and mustache, Hephaestus wonders what that really means.
Hephaestus would be worried if it wasn’t for the set line of Steve’s jaw and tense shoulders. “Yes, sir. I do.”
(He can’t actually get them, but in situations like this one it sure does feel like he can.)
But perhaps Hades knows something he doesn’t.
“Alright.” Happy doesn’t sound very convinced.
Because you don’t bring any piece of technology into his home without expecting it to be hacked.
Takes another sip.
“I’m sorry I left so suddenly. I didn’t want to.” He can’t help the sincerity that leaks into his words because it’s true. Leaving Steve, his first real friend, was more painful than he wanted to admit.
) of Vibranium is carefully molded into a blunt-edged disc with the capability to harm, but only to serve its base purpose. To protect.
Why does this still feel like a dream?
Although he will say the maintenance at the moment is currently lacking. (Workshop binges will do that to you.)
“Monkeys?” Thor narrows his eyes, practically squinting. “I do not understand.”
because he’s about to give the performance of his life. And no Tony Stark performance would be complete without some electric guitar.
Hephaestus’s eyes grow slightly wider when Steve breaks eye contact with Carter to look at him instead. It feels like all of the air has been sucked out of the room. “The right partner.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, quiet. “This is my fault.”
(Although later, Hephaestus would realize that his mother’s silence had been much worse for him in the long run. That damn need for approval…)
Before Hephaestus could even fully process that absurdity, one of the soldiers actually
The audience begins to whisper in excitement, and the other women on stage grin while taking off all of the wheels. “Yes, thanks Mandy.”
Grateful isn’t a strong enough word.
Tony doesn’t think about even grabbing the armor. The only one he has is busted anyway.
Sure he’s confused and upset that someone as kind as Steve Rogers has an audience laughing at him, it's just mostly the realization leaves Hephaestus breathless with overwhelmingly relief. Because sure, he knows that never getting to see Steve again would be better in the long run, but the gods help him, Hephaestus couldn’t help but hope he’d run into him anyway.
Darkness.
Thor Odinson has longer hair than he remembers.
There was a bark of laughter, “
(It’s safe to say that his tastes have changed a lot since that first time he tried the drink at Camp Lehigh. Tony chugs the stuff now like it’s liquid ambrosia.)
“And not Hodge? Who passed every test we gave him? He’s big, he’s fast, and he takes orders. He’s a soldier!”
(He was a genius before, but now it’s almost insulting that the board doubts his ability to get their stock rising again.)
Because fuck, they’ve been surprised before.
He doesn’t dare look at his friends. He doesn’t think he can handle their reaction.
, but then arms reach up and suddenly he’s being hugged back. Steve feels strong and solid and so, so warm. He may be so much bigger than he was the majority of the time Hephaestus has known him, but gods, it’s still Steve.
!” Steve’s eyes are squeezed shut in preparation for death. For Hades.
Hephaestus knows without a doubt what he’s been looking for is in the titanium box held by Zola himself.
Hephaestus snaps out of his spiraling thoughts. Taking the cue for a more casual greeting, he simply bows his head. “General.”
Tony is so caught up in his spiraling thoughts that when a gentle hand lands on his shoulder he completely freezes.
“Sure. Thanks.” Hephaestus carefully doesn’t mention the interesting shade of pink Steve’s cheeks turn again.
Hephaestus can only watch what he knows will be a disaster, hands placed firmly behind his back.
And that. That is definitely something to worry about.
Standing at the same time, they make their way through the brush they were hiding in and onto the clear road. Forced into a run to catch up to the still moving truck, Steve and Hephaestus finally reach the bumper and hoist themselves through the curtains and into the bed.
Hephaestus blinks to get rid of that train of thought.
“It’s crazy,” Steve says, “because when I think about it there’s so much I don’t know about you. You’ve been frustratingly good at avoiding talking about your past and there are things about you that I can’t explain. The funny thing is though, I can’t find it in myself to care.”
Bucky stumbles as the succession of explosions begin to build up in speed. The gantry creeks ominously. The steel begins to slip downward, catching and falling until Bucky is forced into a run.
Sure, the strength and unquestionable leadership are the same, but there’s a distinctly human empathy in Agent Carter that Athena would have found deplorable.
He’d forgotten how good it felt to weld metal together by hand. He hadn’t needed to in years.
In less than half a second, the handle of the gun becomes boiling hot.
“We’ll get another round.” Steve’s hand lands gently on his shoulder and Hephaestus startles. He barely stops himself from blurting out a confused ‘
Hephaestus immediately turns his head toward the source.
“Get him.”
But Zeus was looking right at Hephaestus.
With Rheia's help, Zeus was able to grow up to be a strong and powerful young god. When he was ready to avenge his siblings, Zeus snuck into Kronos's home and pretended to be a servant. When Kronos called for a drink, he brought him one laced with poison instead. Kronos became violently ill and vomited up each of the children he had swallowed, who were now fully-grown gods.
Tony still doesn’t look when he bends the metal of Pepper and Rhodey’s handcuffs to release them.
“Where are we now?”
Steve looks down at the red, white, and blue monstrosity he’s wearing and shrugs with a self-deprecating grin. “Well the crowds that I’m used to are usually a little more uh…”
“I agree completely. My son, Thor, although he is not aware of it, will acquire the throne someday.”
It was the closest to love he could be without feeling it. An obsession with a beautiful woman and the joy of a challenge to win her affections.
It’s a beautiful scramble of orchestrated chaos after that.
The older god gently leads Hephaestus to the front desk of the office.
Then she laughs like someone told her the most brilliant joke, “Oh, silly me! Of course your uniform is right over there. I must apologize. I’ll be right back, gentlemen.”
“SHIELD was kind enough to write you a cover story.” She leans over to grab a thin stack of flashcards off the table. “So just read it word for word.”
Tony idly listens to the others discussing Loki and his resemblance to a bag of feral cats. The guy is not wrong, although he knows there’s a deeper story there. Tony refuses to believe otherwise considering the powers at play.
And his mother had told him that she was very disappointed and until he learned how to speak properly, she would not talk to him.
Tony lets himself be consumed by work for the next few days. Dum-E occasionally helping among the liberal use of a fire extinguisher.
“You know what I really like, is what Howard Stark's attempts at progress mean."
Zola scrambles to the catwalk controls and a gap appears between the two men as the sides split and retract. Schmidt shoots a withering look at Zola who pales considerably.
while Steve steers him out of his seat and towards the bar, empty glasses in hand.
“I don’t think I’ve ever known what I wanted,” Tony says. “If that makes you feel any better.”
“Yeah.” Steve smiles like Hephaestus isn’t the worst person, god, he’s ever met and Hephaestus doesn’t really understand it, but oh it’s so much harder to keep his resolve when those blue eyes look at him like that.
Tony studies his reflection with a slight frown.
Hephaestus shakes his head with an exasperated laugh and Steve only winks before running down the hall.
The mechanism of the parachute is defective.
The emotions that run through Steve’s eyes are unidentifiable.
He can’t believe he gets to have this again.
It’s too bad this theory however, implies some very bad things for the future.
, you do not belong on Olympus.”
This is why he brought the fucking suit.
They meet the standard three times a day. The most disorienting part is that he can’t remember having a schedule this strict before, about anything, let alone food.
Before Steve can turn away, one of the men stop him with a hand on his arm. “Wait. You sure you know what you’re doing?”
“J? Pull up those files we found. You know the ones.”
Stupid Ares.
Morita will get them singing a dirty song with lyrics he makes up as he goes.
He doesn’t trust the man as much as he trusts Pepper and Rhodey. The latter two have proven time and time again that their stupidly loyal to him.
Sometimes, Hephaestus really wonders if he did something to piss off the Fates.
When Steve eventually finds them, Tony and Thor have Loki captured.
They’re to blame.
They didn’t stay.
Steve doesn’t mind that inevitability, because every time he’s tried to sleep, every time he’s closed his eyes, the dust would be there. The death. The guilt.
“As you wish.”
Erskine tilts his head, “How so?”
He can hear Howard joking in the background, “I did say a few years, didn’t I?”
“Fuck no,” Tony replies immediately, tone absolute. He points with his fork accusingly. “Rhodey is just being a mother hen about something else.”
“It’ll be okay, Tony,” Pepper says gently. She avoids looking at the suit of armor though.
Gods, he’s too old for this.
It’s unintentional, but the light mocks him.
(Ares would scold him for being such a coward.)
"I will fight until the last of these bastards are dead! However, I will only ask for one thing."
The chaos occurring at the front entrance thankfully left the parking lot empty, so he doesn’t hesitate to disable the cameras before using his abilities to order the trunk open and the suit to unlock.
“Everybody
The armor comes together piece by piece.
And yeah he may be a god, but conjuring up another suit doesn’t really occur to him being such a damn mess of pure emotions.
Rhodey leans over, voice hushed. “Just stick to the cards, man.”
JARVIS, the wonder child he is, pulls up the disturbance detected within seconds so it's splashed across his monitors.
“Tony!”
"You must have it done by the first day of Earth’s winter, Hephaestus.”
They shared an understanding. Ambition. A certain greed for power.
“When did you learn French? You’ve been holding out on me, Rogers. I’m hurt, you’ve been going to secret rendezvous’ without me, haven’t you? Stev–”
happening.
Yeah. Air flow could work.
Once he’s alone, Hephaestus claps his hands together. The sound seems to jerk the men out of the stunned, incredulous silence they were in while watching Steve. “You heard the star spangled man. Let’s do this.”
It’s almost embarrassing how long it took, but he had to wait for materials and work on a significantly less advanced system than he was used to.
As a little boy, he would only laugh until he was breathless when the glowing embers would leap and twirl in a dance. It twinkled like stars in hot swirling air before it cascaded down his skin.
Marriage to Hera was out of necessity for an heir, but at one time he thought he was in love.
One by one he catches Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey staring at him when they think he isn’t looking.
Hephaestus thinks it's because on the young man's pale, angular face, despite sporting a painful looking black eye, he keeps his chin tilted upward in challenge.
Like two gunslingers in a John Ford film, Tony and Thor simultaneously prepare to attack.
His voice is raw, “I’m alive for a reason.”
Steve stares at the ceiling of the bedroom Queen Shuri has been letting him use for the past few weeks. They stayed in Wakanda because their technology is by far the best to work with if they want to track down Thanos, but the location also helps in hiding from a world that has turned into chaos in the wake of losing over half their population. It’s only a matter of time before questions are asked and blame is pointed toward those who swore to defend them.
“Exactly. There’s one more component to this that I think will be the key factor, but you’ll have to give me a little time to make sure it’s possible.”
They rise above each base with victories that should feel like a breath of fresh air, a break from the water their treading tirelessly to keep from drowning. Instead they just taste like ash. Bitter. Choking.
He knows mortals have short lives, but this war they are in now is ruthless and vicious. It lacks mercy and anything but blood and violence.
Steve matches his grin. “Together.”
(Deep breaths.
Finger by finger, he releases the tension in his grip. If a lifetime as Tony Stark has taught him anything, it’s how to fake a casual demeanor.
Because in the end, he could return to his tools, his magic, his workshop, and just breathe for a while.
How different are they? Truly? He knows he’s different from other Olympians because of his fire and forgery skills, but no one ever talked about the difference in physical strength between the immortal gods and man.
Hephaestus really hates how the light in his gaze dims at the admission.
They circle around the bar until getting to Bucky Barnes who is attending the celebratory drinking as he previously suspected.
“Yeah. It’s called ‘winning the war.’”
Hephaestus knows it’s an awful thing to do to Steve. He
That’s a very dangerous thing.
“You didn't? Well, good,” Tony coughs. “Because that would be outlandish and uh, fantastic.”
And waited.
Why does it look like there's an apology in his eyes?
It’s tentative at first, but as soon as he touches the system, Tony’s mind floods with data and numbers.
He’s at war.
Tony Stark pulls trigger.
And so Hephaestus, who still longed for anything even resembling affection, had tried to cling to Ares.
The distance between them couldn’t feel more apart, even knowing he’s only a few miles away. Tony’s never claimed he’s not a dramatic bitch, okay?
Hephaestus holds back a sigh and doesn’t look up again until the secretary finally returns. He accepts the uniform with a stiff, polite nod.
“Azzano? Bucky? The shield? Howard told me you made that all on your own so don’t even try to deny it.” Steve cuts Hephaestus off before he could interrupt. “From the moment we met you’ve done so many small things that meant so much and I just hope that you know how much I appreciate it.”
It takes a second.
Everything the General just said reminds Hephaestus of Ares and Zeus. His endless training until one of them felt satisfied.
Tony studies his reflection with a morbid fascination.
and no one else was around to tell him that he didn’t have to fucking kill himself to save everyone. He shouldn’t have had to do that. Steve was supposed to live and be fucking
Most think the element is the deadliest weapon of them all, simply because despite its warm appearance, it snarls and bites.
Several hours past midnight, a surge of energy,
The bastard who decided to scare him, Bucky fucking Barnes, just smirks and takes a seat next to him.
It should worry Tony how falling off the edge, releasing his already white-knuckled grip on that last sense of control, of sanity, isn’t anything more than an amusing thought.
When he comes back to reality, Pepper is almost shouting, a panicked look marring her features.
“I’m sorry, but do you mind if I sit here?” Steve has a faint blush on his cheeks, but he looks at him directly in the eye.
Why didn’t anyone stop him–)
“Overnight.” Tony blinks. “The packet, Selvig’s notes, the extraction theory papers.” Tony pauses and gasps loudly.  “Am I the only one who did the reading?” He looks around, scandalized.
“Don’t worry, Hephaestus, it’ll be fine. Just remember to sit up straight.” Ares let go of his hand. “Don’t fidget. Don’t—” Ares made a pained face “don’t ask difficult questions or give difficult explanations.”
“Thanks.” Tony makes his way behind the counter and grabs a bottle of vodka to mix his own drink. “You already know the best way to celebrate me, honey bear.”
So he can’t reach out, but in the back of his head, where he can still distantly feel the energy within the mansion, distinct and buzzing, a large presence shifts.
“Of course not. I’d turn this whole world inside out if it meant finding you.”
Nothing else will relieve him of this guilt-ridden nightmare.
“You’re crazy, you know that?”
He could guess someone planted a memory, perhaps used coercion. Or maybe even say that Howard was just that much of an uncaring, oblivious asshole when it came to anything else besides work.
Slowly the tension in the younger god’s shoulders lessened.
Steve shakes his head slightly. “I don't remember it being ever that easy. This guy packs a wallop.”
“Yes, sir,” Bucky says with absolutely no shame. He leans back and crosses his arms.
“It’s time for the feast, sir.”
Then he’s ten and he hears himself begging to stay home and not go back to boarding school. The boys there are mean and think he’s a freak
“It at least explains everything.”
What he had named technology was increasingly powerful in comparison to the older swords and shields.
Hades reaches over and taps the middle of his forehead twice. Hephaestus gives him a puzzled look, but then fights his mouth threatening to gape open at the sudden knowledge rushing into his mind.
He can feel a deep hatred for this man like weeds in his chest, roots expanding and taking hold of his heart to squeeze until all that comes out is venom.
“It’ll save so many lives,” Hephaestus speaks with confidence. He nods, and the doctor looks at him. Slowly, but surely, a grin takes over Erskine's face.
When Erskine opens his mouth to reply, a nurse walks up to their conversation.
the more intense the pain got and the grinding, hollow feeling-
He was glad he had Ares to keep him in line with what was important.
Ichor is very different than blood in a lot of ways, but a major difference is that it requires different processes to move and work within the body. Hephaestus once found it immensely interesting how a little thing like ichor could change a man into a god.
Despite the lower stakes, it’s a virulent skirmish across the sky. Neither of them willing to back down.
“Okay.” She nods her head slowly before picking up his forgotten glass of champagne. “I’ll leave you to it. Just please promise me that you’ll take care of yourself?”
But Hephaestus really didn't want to be there anymore.
He would feel immense excitement to show his mother a new invention, and then a deep sorrow when she rejected to even see him at all.
The world is tinted purple through expensive lenses and Tony takes deep breaths to keep the nausea at bay.
So really, Tony can’t bring himself to be that upset with Bucky. He can respect a guy who also finds the aversion to homosexuality to be completely ridiculous.
But she could afford possessiveness.
Then he bends down to grab Tony by the throat.
Tony fights a smile and looks at him over his tinted sunglasses with a pointed look. “You sure you wanna know?”
All he wants to know is what this fucking being did to his dad.
“Mr. Stark?”
The sassy little shit.
Too slow and too fast at the same time. Tempestuous, loud, and too bright. Too fucking bright sometimes.
He never saw Mjölnir again after that.
Tony looks around his workshop for a moment and flexes his hand that burns with the need to create.
“I’m sure Hephaestus would love to gift the hammer to your son,” Ares said. He squeezed his shoulder a bit too tight. “The thing is replaceable to him anyways.”
Tony gives a dramatic sigh before giving in. “5561 B.C.E.”
“His power requires a vessel, as he lacks the control needed to use his complete strength.”
But Hephaestus was used to giving and never receiving anything back. Ares said that it was his duty to provide for the gods. If he had a gift, why not use it to protect his family?
“Two, I’m here in order to ensure certain events take place. So if I ask you to do something, I expect it to get done.” Hades pauses, “As my assistant, you’ll be working as an engineer, which from what I understand won’t be much of a change. The only difference though is that everyone will be thinking you’re my lackey, so you’ll have to dumb down the science and just follow my lead. Howard Stark is an industrial genius, multi-millionaire, inventor, and businessman. His specialty is weapons.”
The problem is, it’s so much worse than he could have ever imagined.
After some consulting with Pepper, who reluctantly agrees, they make it happen.
“I’m so sorry.”
Carter seems to have noticed as well. “I see your squad is prepping for duty.”
But now it’s time for the moment of truth.
He’s a man made of faint smiles and graying hair.
“So anyway, Buck,” Steve loudly interrupts. Hephaestus attempts to muffle his laughter and the man in question just smirks. “You ready to follow Captain America into the jaws of death?”
In retrospect, it was such a
It’s almost time.
The “
“He doesn’t like to be handed things.” She gives a gracious smile, “Let’s trade.”
Long story short, JARVIS is a damn blessing.
Hades takes a breath and looks over his shoulder. It is impossible to know what he’s seeing. “I didn’t know your mother wasn’t who she said she was when we conceived you. I wish many things were different, but I don’t regret that it made you. I think the Fates knew that you were worth the circumstances.”
“Steve, what are you doing?”
He doesn’t have a plan and he doesn’t have back up.
He instead tells himself to breathe for a second, and does not even attempt to heal himself magically.
It’s not suffocating.
Zeus squinted and decidedly did not wait for a reply. “You are a bit on the small side.”
But then Hephaestus remembers that would support him as the volunteer. The volunteer for a man-made machine that likely won’t work correctly, considering the other technology he’s seen.
“Tony!” Steve’s distinct voice calls out.
There’s a part of him that resents his power like everything else that comes with being Hephaestus. But another part, the same part that was excited about just creating again, argues that he should just accept it and use it.
It’s probably not the healthiest thing, but those tags pulled him out of a spiral of destructive thoughts more than once.
Rhodey must have escorted him to his room as well because he doesn’t remember much beyond a strong arm slung over his shoulder and a hushed
Now he’s got a hole in a chest that’s almost done leaching out all of his strength. Now he’s got an entire locker full of evidence that his company is double dealing behind his back.
So of course, there is no one else to blame but Hades.
Within the next breath, Koios attacks. Sharp ice descends on Tony from all directions. As a quick defense, he surrounds himself in a shield of fire.
With a few quick swipes of his phone and a little mental gymnastics, Tony takes over their screens completely.
Zeus glared at Hera. The other gods whispered in excitement. And when he looked Ares was staring straight at his mother.
But a bodyguard. Seriously?
He hates it, but for some reason he knows that’s where he is.
He’s never loved the cold before. Winter evades and melts off him, an opposite to his internal flame. Tonight however, he thinks he can understand just a little why some people enjoy the season. Its beauty is pretty undeniable.
“Oh?” Tony keeps his voice light.
Tony’s stomach churns with nausea, but he nods in thanks.
“Oh no, that’s your serious tone.” He pouts, “You know I don’t like your serious tone.”
“Make your move, Reindeer Games.”
Tony can’t act openly as a god. Not only would that create chaos, but it would out himself to the nameless threat that took Hades and maybe Persephone away from him. Tony strongly suspects it’s tied to the Titan that attacked him on the train as well actually.
None of them daring to break the quiet.
As he’s going back to his bunk after breakfast, Hephaestus decides to look for Doctor Erskine or Howard. He was told by the latter that they would both be at the Camp, but he hadn’t seen either at breakfast.
Tony shakes his head. “Whatever’s on this train, they must need it bad.”
It takes over a minute for Hephaestus to organize his thoughts back into place. He feels uncomfortable with the sudden intrusion, but resigns himself to fact that the gesture was necessary.
(Tony isn’t sure how he feels about alcohol becoming a distraction he craves all on its own.)
She stops.
The plane lurches once more just as Steve jumps out of the plane.
Fucking military.
What catches his attention, is the note about runes and a man who wields lightning.
“Every word.”
Or it could be Hades using his manipulation.
Dread spreads through Hephaestus, slow and deadly. “Why are you telling us this?”
He could easily find where Bucky is stationed—
The place is packed, Hephaestus suddenly notices. The brightly lit building is loud and its benches are almost completely filled.
The god of lightning drank. “What did you do today, Hephaestus?”
Steve catches Hephaestus’s eyes, stunned and confused. It takes a second for him to recover, but when he does Steve grins. “I’ll meet you in the clearing with anybody I find inside. Get out fast and give them hell.”
It was a practice grenade.
Feeling exasperated, he mentally shoves the schematics for the sword away.
“During the investigation afterward, I met a man named Colonel Chester Phillips. I accepted his invitation to join America’s own military science division, the newly created Strategic Scientific Reserve.” Hades waves a hand casually, “You especially need to know that, because he’ll think you’re recruited as well.”
Genuinely confused, Hephaestus looks at Steve, a crease between his brows. “What are you talking about?”
The only set back he had was the power source.
“I’m going to tell you a story, baby boy.” His gaze falls to one of the cameras in the room and laughs without humor. “A story my mama once told me.”
“How the–” Tony wants to rip the hand off his body. He wants to yell in frustration. “My ideas drive that company!” He turns to Pepper, and tries to steady his breathing by taking comfort in her calm, although extremely tense demeanor.
Hera never looked her son in the eyes, but right then she tilted her chin slightly, and flicked her deadly gaze over to him.
“Tell me about it,” Rhodey shakes his head.
That was before Dugan grabbed him by the arm and insisted he have a drink.
It’s worse than he thought, that’s for fucking sure.
Phillips stares at Erskine. Then Hephaestus. For a long moment they wait for the General to reply before he reaches inside the closest crate instead.
He realized just before the battle with Ultron that his worst nightmare is being unable to live without a battle. It’s a horrible kind of ironic, but Steve was so tired. By the time the accords were being negotiated he was no longer afraid of that fact. He’s a soldier. His life is war. So Steve lives with his intimate knowledge of the guilt and pain and emptiness that death brings.
“There are many things that are uncertain about the future. Things that I’ve heard that worry me a great deal.” Hades says, “I am glad however, that we can be certain about this.”
Oh well.
“You have no idea what you are dealing with.”
Hephaestus thought that Athena just did not see the point in emotion at all. Her gaze was a piercing silver, calculating and cold. If he was with her for too long, Hephaestus could not help but shiver under it.
Tony heaves a dramatic sigh, but doesn’t argue. He hoists himself up onto the wooden beam next to Steve whose eyes gleam with humor. It’s stupid. It’s stupid and unfairly attractive.
The recruits are all lined up. It’s easy to spot Steve in his oversized PT uniform, chin still held stubbornly high.
The table really was extraordinarily long even for the number of gods gathered, and Zeus took his place at the head with Hera to his right again. Hephaestus occupied the seat next to his mother, but could only stare at his plate.
Tony sends the file to JARVIS, hoping beyond hope that he really is just hallucinating.
The one positive he can think of is that it’ll take some time for Rhodey to take a sudden leave.
“Anthony Edward Stark, what the actual fuck were you thinking?” Rhodey sounds two decibels away from hysteria. There’s no question that they both figured it out.
(Tony briefly flashes back to the Howling Commandos and how their oldest member was only 31 years old, the rest of them in their mid-twenties. War is so fucking cruel.)
Steve is everything he is not. So purely and thoroughly
“I heard.” Ares replied, “But take a second so I can fix you up.”
Hephaestus used fire as often as possible for his weapons now, because it helped him focus on the flame instead of the cold destruction he was molding.
Tony braces himself once the steps halt. Behind Koios stands a Hydra agent, much larger than any of the other men they’ve fought this far. He wouldn’t be surprised if his human appearance is also just a façade.
“In the meantime, I’ll try to think of a Plan B, just in case,” Hephaestus continues.
No one deserves to be resurrected like this. Hades is probably
(See the end of the chapter for
He can’t help but hope it’s not purely for the part of Howard Stark.
The younger god hasn’t even done anything yet, despite what he was told. Not one person has even approached him, but he figures that’s Hades’s fault. His fingers itch to fix the invention, but he firmly holds himself in place.
Tony doesn’t see the blood draining from Pepper’s face or the way Rhodey brings a shaky hand up to his mouth. He only sees the aftermath, when he gets the courage to look at their reactions after several minutes of heavy silence.
Howard, no Hades, (Hephaestus recognizes that darkness creeping back into his eyes) just looks at her for a short moment.
How dare he flaunt his ignorance, willfully brutalizing something he crafted for the sole purpose of creation?
“Hades,” he breathes.
Then it struck him that ache he feels is for
Hope.
All he can do now is wait and hope that getting his metaphorical hands on the larger database in his workshop will shed some light on the situation.
But if Pepper could do it…
No one was talking and now his mother was going to make father angry, and he did not understand. He
Hephaestus still wants to wring Phillips’s neck.
Tony didn’t even try to work on anything. Nine times out of ten burying himself in his workshop is what keeps the demons in his head at bay, but not this time.
Fork right 33 steps.
She is comfort in the midst of plastered grins and cameras. Flashing. Always watching. Business men with money and greed in their hearts.
But fire always liked Hephaestus. It never burned.
Hermes, the messenger god, came and went.
To live in a world where everyone he knew is either dead or moved on without him.
Well shit.
"Maybe it was yesterday. Jacques, have you seen me in your dreams?"
After shrugging on all of his clothing and running a hand through his hair a couple of times, Hephaestus opens the door to make his way toward the mess hall.
Then again, watching Pepper’s disapproval crack in under ten seconds to give into full blown laughter after the hearing is worth anything.
Tony is faster.
He fights to conjure up any strength he has left to face his friends.
Hephaestus held back a wince at the sharp pain of it. A mark would have been left on a human, but the young god healed almost instantaneously.
“The train we’re supposed to intercept is moving faster than predicted. They want us up there by tomorrow to catch it at 15:00.”
He hasn’t seen Hermes in centuries. Maybe even a millennium. He’d always been the most elusive of his siblings (although now he knows they’re just cousins).
As should be expected though, similar incidents occur within the next several weeks and then months. Incidents that leave them jumping for the safety on their guns, heart in their throats.
Tony looks away from the gauntlet on his arm and to the television.
Tony then places his hands on Pepper’s shoulders. His grip gentle, but firm. “I hereby, irrevocably, appoint you Chairman and CEO of Stark Industries. Effective immediately.”
Fuck, he’s always hated these types of events.
He didn’t know Doctor Erskine for very long, but the man knew goodness when he saw it. Hephaestus could also respect a scientist that was capable of creating something like the serum in this unadvanced age. It turns out no meddling was required.
“I’m from Fresno, Ace.” Hephaestus holds back a snort at the reaction from that blunt statement. He understands fear, but fuck if it doesn’t make him angry when people generalize an entire country or race. Not everyone from Japan agreed with the bombing of Pearl Harbor. From what he’s seen, the United States has done some fucked up things too. No one has room to talk.
After his conversation with Hades, Hephaestus began working on the gaping hole in his chest and the contraption powering it. He knew he could make something better, and once an idea for a miniature Arc Reactor appeared, he set to work.
“And what are you? Captain America’s sidekick?” He doesn’t see who made the comment, but Hephaestus can’t help the laughter that spills out.
“I will tell you this only once.” He looked stern. “So you must pay attention.”
In the end, he gives up on getting any rest and unsurprisingly chooses to go back to the workshop instead.
“Always.” Tony’s lips quirk upward slightly, and Pepper just shakes her head at him. She leaves the penthouse after pressing a gentle kiss on his cheek.
It reminds him of the Tesseract, actually.
Steve laughs without humor, “‘Scare’ is one way to put it.”
“Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The guy from…” Tony gestures with a careless wave.
“The serum however, was not finished correctly, and according to the doctor, Schmidt became horribly disfigured. He was furious with the results, and so threw the man into a dungeon. This was when he was rescued. Now he’s agreed to actually help perfect his formula.”
Hephaestus feels his eyes burning. For all his abilities it’s difficult to process the genuine conviction in that statement.
Tony hears himself yelling, barely avoiding another bombshell while trying and failing to save the very people that were assigned to protect him.
The intruder’s background is military, likely recruited into a special division of some kind if the way his trail becomes cold (obviously fake) is any indication.
Hades doesn't try to cover it up when he catches Hephaestus looking. He just tilts his head slightly in a silent question.
Hephaestus’s eyes widen and he feels something far greater than he had ever seen on Olympus. Hades’s eyes hold dust and ashes, an end of all ends.
For a few minutes neither of them say anything. And gods Tony wants to be mad at him. He wants to feel anything else but the all-encompassing and immense gratefulness he feels for this man.
Tony put off the decision with the excuse of recovery, but there’s no more hiding.
“One at a time.” Steve attempts to smile in comfort, but it doesn’t reach his eyes.
“This is the last of the candidates. I must go speak with him.”
Suddenly there’s the bang of a door opening and more guards are heard outside. Both men turn toward the sound.  Steve gestures for Hephaestus to stand behind him. Reluctantly, he complies.
) Questions upon questions build in his mind, but he forces himself to respond before the silence becomes too obvious. “You want me to look at it?”
Tony is thirty seconds away from the museum.
He wants to live up to that person Steve believes him to be.
Hephaestus just manages to destroy everything one way or another. It doesn’t matter that Hades has proven capable of cleaning up after him.
In his dream he remembers her staying by his bedside. Regaling him with tales of heroes and a new god that forged innovation with fire.
Without a word, Steve moved on to get his promised ride back to the camp.
The blaze is alive. A blessing and a curse that destroys almost everything in its path.
His body felt like it was on an overload of emotions, anger mixed with relief and a deep sorrow.
“Ah, no matter.” Stane continues, as casual as if they were discussing the weather. “Meet me on the roof of the testing facility in half an hour and I’ll think about sparing your military boy and pretty assistant. I’m sure you know which one has the reactor.”
Especially a phone belonging to a director of SHIELD.
When Mjolnir is aimed once again at Tony’s chest, this time he catches her.
Tony can tell the hinge will produce a horrific creak and quickly remedies it with a flick of his wrist. He doesn’t want to disturb the others and the rest they desperately need.
Tony, in the middle of the room, stands hunched over. He doesn’t look up. “Yeah, J.”
The question echoes into the void of his workshop, painfully young and lost.
Surely, there’s something more important that Hades would want him to focus on? It’s hard to believe that Hades is okay with Hephaestus running off to oblige his strong feelings about a mortal.
“Huh. That sounds utterly exhausting, darling.” His right-hand gestures flamboyantly, harmlessly. A well-practiced misdirection of a left-handed thief.
But damn it, maybe they’d understand if they knew part of the horror he’s been through, and what made him make such a reckless decision in the first place.
“Mr. Stark.” Steve eyes the god in disguise with suspicion. Not enough in Hephaestus’s opinion.
Tony keeps a close eye on the back of the long black trench coat until it fully disappears from view. He’s a completely still figure until alerted the black SUV has driven away.
Gods, how the fuck did he even end up in this damn ridiculous (
Humanity was slowly becoming more advanced from what he had heard, but Hephaestus kept Mount Olympus severely ahead with his constant improvements.
Falsworth keeps a card deck with him for games of poker that end in dares that none of them would ever actually do. Well, wouldn’t do without Dugan and his stolen bottle of Bourbon.
SHIELD is different in that they operate under the radar of even the public.
He’s been wrong about a lot of things lately.
Hephaestus doesn’t know how it happened, but by some unspoken agreement Steve continued to sit with him in the chow hall.
The room is cut with shadows and it’s difficult to focus on the details on the curtains or the candles that light the hallway further down.
Literally translated as "It wasn’t the sea to drink, my friend," the metaphor implies that it’s not so bad or it’s not the end of the world.
And yet he stayed.
with the need to expand itself outward. He’s been ignoring how the feeling has grown to be almost painful since he got back, but maybe it’s finally time to give in.
Steve lets out a laugh at that and lightly shoves Hephaestus.
When they finally make it to the barracks, Hades gestures to another small building at the end of a less beaten down path. Like in Camp Lehigh, Hephaestus guesses he’ll be staying in a work shed. He appreciates the gift of privacy, but he also wonders how quickly he’ll garner a reputation as the “camp recluse.”
He’ll be laying in bed for hours if he keeps this up.
Well this is the last thing he was hoping to find.
But right now? As Tony goes through the maze of his house’s servers, the cameras and lights,  the security features and personal files, he feels settled. He feels like he’s where he belongs.
Literal translation: "Yeah, you should turn your tongue around in your mouth seven times before you speak. The outfit doesn’t make the monk." Essentially, you should think before you speak because appearances aren't everything.
Pepper stands up from the couch to leave. Tony watches her go before turning back toward the staircase.
“Nope.”
“Hephaestus, you must come quickly!” Ares rushed into the workshop. His appearance was not ruffled, like usual, but his eyes were startlingly bright.
He takes it, because it’s Pepper, but he tries his best to make his displeasure known. Even if only Mrs. Agent can see it. “I don’t owe you people anything. Besides, official consulting hours are only between eight and five every other Tuesday.”
There’s a lot of shouting.
This time though, he glances over to Hades.
Hephaestus sighs.
“Weapons?”
“Light of my life,” Tony looks at her empty hands. “Where is it?”
With his eyes and facial hair, he doesn’t look like First Lieutenant Antonius Collins or the god Hephaestus.
This did not mean he was unkind, but rather he was unfaithful and slightly temperamental.
He looks up again when an older burly man makes his presence known. Walking right behind him is Howard, with his hands casually held behind his back.
Now Tony doesn’t speak spy, but ‘Code: Gamma Alpha Gamma’ does not sound like something you’d send if there was free pizza in the breakroom.
Pepper places a gentle hand on his oldest friend’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hephaestus runs a hand through his hair and closes his eyes. Takes a breath. Another.
, frantically searches the room for another exit. Finally spotting a gantry above, Steve pats their shoulders to get their attention. “C’mon. Let’s go.”
His chest burns. Black spots invade his vision.
Because let Tony repeat that.
Once he catches up, Hades makes eye contact, “I’m setting some rules for you to follow as long as you’re here and I’m helping you.”
Between the living room, the kitchen, and back again, Tony paces.
“I’ll see you tomorrow?” Steve asks, voice hushed.
Rhodey looks indignant at the response, but amazingly enough there’s no malice in his eyes.
Internally yelling at himself to cool it, he curls his hands into fists (didn’t he just give himself a pep talk about blowing his cover?) before finally registering who’s actually in the room.
Hephaestus recognizes a threat when he sees it.
Tony shakes his head.
Pepper gives him her own tired smile.
He’s only seventeen.
“Antonius?” He repeats.
The rest of the box contains his old uniform. Tony is about to dismiss the rest, but then he reaches the bottom.
Bucky startles at his presence, but Hephaestus doesn’t look away from Schmidt. The latter tosses his mask away. The face wafts into the fire, consumed almost immediately.
At the shout, Hephaestus shakes his head with a fond smile and follows. He wants to say he’s following Hades, but Hephaestus knows he’s really following Steve.
It doesn’t take long for the glint of the shield to catch Steve’s eyes, but he doesn’t reach out until Hephaestus gently pushes it over. Blue eyes study the metal in clear fascination.
Surrounded by stiff suits and Pepper’s disapproval on the line, all Tony could do was nod along like nothing was amiss.
Tony can’t do anything about it of course, but the urge to
To think.
He doesn’t plan on breaking it.
They both back up.
Tony blinks open his eyes and is met with an older face, mostly creased from distinct frown lines.
Pepper hums.
Hades only shrugs.
There’s so much to explore with this. Tony for the first time in decades feels genuinely excited about discovering something new. Learning. Creating.
She was a
Soon enough, he just felt numb. He was numb when Natasha found him. He was numb as they walked back to the palace. And he was numb days later, when clean-up was well under way.
Tony drops his shoulders in defeat. “All right.”
They’re afraid of the stock. Investors. Money.
, “As a personal piece of advice, catch the USO show later this afternoon. I heard it’ll be swell.”
Hephaestus just tries his best not to stare at the fitted cut of his uniform. Because honestly, how the fuck is a suit that tight within regulation?
“Why did I never hear about this?” Hephaestus asks.
“So you thinking about enlisting?”
Tony is more than practiced at doing his own makeup for press conferences, but Pepper insisted she do it herself.
He nods, “Then you know that I must go.” He looks directly at Hephaestus, “I’m certain this will not be the last time we see each other.” He grins, and after they shake hands once more, the doctor is off.
Rhodey is going to kill him. Immortal or not, he’ll never see the light of day again.
He never resented his mother for her departure, but he was impossibly grateful for the man who he silently declared his surrogate father because his own was too much of a violent drunk to care about anyone but himself.
After Hephaestus looked, all he saw was
All before Tony can fully process anything.
In every way possible.
“Likely because it was relatively harmless and implied a failure on my dear brother, Zeus’s part.” Hades laughs without humor. “But long story short, no one thought much of it until recently. Too many incidents have been occurring. I can’t help but think that it points to something much larger than a stolen element.”
It’s on his forty-third loop around the coffee table that his phone rings.
The mortal actually startles and whips his head back around quickly. Hephaestus braces himself for the anger (he never seems to learn, huh?), but it never comes. Steve just looks at him with an expression he can't quite place before speaking again with a confidence Hephaestus didn't realize he was missing before.
It’s important to remember that one night with a heart to heart doesn’t change the months Hades spent being vague and acting as one of the most enigmatic beings Hephaestus has ever met.
Tony rolls his eyes. “I’m good with my hands.”
“When I ordered the hit on you, I worried I was killing the golden goose. But I guess it was just fate you survived that. You had one last golden egg to give.” Stane smiles.
He should be damn terrified.
Then another.
“I wonder where he got that from,” Hera said lightly. She lifted a spoon to her lips, “You know those are not my genes.”
“Um not really?” He shrugs.
Tony throws a jaunty salute, “I have a plan, darling.” He steps out of the Quinjet. “Attack!”
“Did you just threaten to kill me?”
He can feel himself spiraling, emotions surpassing logic. He can only wonder how cruel Thor must be to ignore her painful calls.
That night, when he’s lying in his bed that’s far too big for just one person, Tony finds himself once again immensely grateful that he’s not completely alone in this.
Hephaestus decidedly ignores that.
Tony falls to his knees once again. Any strength he managed to find has vanished. All he can do is watch as this man, this man he’s come to care so much about, suffers.
Tony has been working on something else though. Something that he feels compelled to build with a ferocity that scares him a little.
to do it.”
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?!”
He taps his fingers across the table in a random rhythm.
He really can’t let himself get out of control if he ends up getting dragged into fighting or training here.
Between every crack of a gunshot and thud of a body as it falls gracelessly to the floor over and over and over again, Tony watches as the faces of his team grow grimmer and grimmer.
Zeus’s eyes narrowed and he began to look mad. “Do not be a fool Hera, any son of mine must be strong.”
Hephaestus lets out something akin to a hysterical laugh, but really sounds like a broken cough.
A man stands eerily still amongst the heavily shadowed room.
No, waking up has never been that peaceful for Tony.
it. “I need you to go to Obadiah’s office. You'd hack into the mainframe and retrieve all the recent shipping manifests. This is a lock chip. It’ll get you in. The files are probably on a ghost drive, so you’ll need to look for the lowest numeric heading.”
Tony activates full throttle in his repulsors and thanks the Fates he isn’t a mortal man who would die from too much G-Force.
Hephaestus decided that it did not matter.
“Who the hell are you?” Tony asks. He keeps his steps forward hesitant.
Confrontation is almost guaranteed to bring the trouble he’s been so desperately avoiding.
his heart makes against his chest, but he really can’t because it feels like it’s trying to crawl its way out of his throat.
Only an hour later Hephaestus finds himself on the tarmac, about to board a silver Lookheed Electra. Hades vanished after his offer to help Steve and Hephaestus, only a quick command to get what they need before take-off. He and Steve had separated as well, each needing to go gather their respective things.
Tony requests.
She reminds him of Athena.
“Yeah, I can’t really sleep. The jitters, you know?”
Tony doesn’t answer, because he can’t without lying. He just sends Rhodey a weary smile.
The discussion with Hades was both unexpected and paradigm-shifting, yes, but it was also the cause of inspiration striking into his very being. Hephaestus came away with a vision so clear in his mind that he can’t stop working until it’s real. Until it’s tangible.
, to take the power source tracker with him as Hephaestus was leaving the lab earlier today just confirms that.)
The god of the dead is a wild card. He can’t forget that.
“You’ve got no idea.”
“I’m not your real father. Although I’m guessing you already knew that.”
To Hephaestus’s horror, the man
Hermes in all his bland, odd wonder gives a two fingered salute. “Affirmative.” Hades stays with him to watch Hermes leave. They’ll both be going out the door to avoid suspicion in a camp far more active than the previous.
“You know, the last time I was in Germany and saw a man standing above everybody else, we ended up disagreeing.”
He just lets go.
founded Stark Industries in 1939. It was founded in response to the war effort mostly. I’m sorry, but it’s so much easier if I do this instead of having you waste time reading all you can about the war…”
“One day however, Chaos begot the first gods into existence - Tartaros, Gaia, Erebos, and Night. They were the first beings in existence, and although a few more beings emerged, they were all responsible for a more primitive time.
He got distracted from his original goal and instead lost in the ultimate temptation.
Tony isn’t stupid enough to be caught off guard twice. Since the gala incident, Tony has implemented plenty of new upgrades and precautions to guarantee his suit won’t short out again.
Tony, standing in middle of Cadman Plaza Park, coughs out an ugly laugh.
The room erupts into chaos.
Blow after blow the ice rains down on Tony. He tries to overwhelm it, but the fleet turns to snow and water mixed with slush.
Then the screaming starts.
Koios walks over to them. His head shakes in a gross parody of sympathy.
Hephaestus checks to make sure the agent is unconscious before tossing him out of the truck as well, far less gracefully than the super-soldier.
“Why don’t you tell him, oh faithful wife, who the bastard’s real father is.”
Hephaestus ignores the attempt to shut down the discussion. “You didn’t tell me how you got the Vibranium. Does that have anything to do with it?”
Steve gives a sheepish smile and ducks his head. “I know.”
Because for some reason, falling in love with someone of the same gender is dirty here. Those couples have been reduced to rushed kisses, dark alleys, and a deep longing that never ends.
thing to do, but he craved innovation. Not just in himself, but others.
When he finally wandered over to the USO show, (he knows it was never an
Steve slides the shield onto his arm and smiles. It’s unfair how ridiculous he should look posing like that when instead he just looks like a hero.
“The one and only.” The god smiles with his teeth. And suddenly that hint he saw of the god’s abilities, magnified. It bled into the air, a solid wall of ancient, terrible power.
Steve searches through the throng of prisoners and shakes his head at Hephaestus. No Bucky.
The promise of destruction brought down by the Titans themselves, resurrected from their prison in Tartarus.
As soon as the woman leaves, Hephaestus turns to speak. “If I’m supposed to be your assistant, why do I need to join the military?”
"Buck and I," he nods to the military man Hephaestus noticed before, "agree the man is a complete character, but I don't know. I can't help but be grateful for the reminder of a future beyond war. Sometimes it's easy to believe that the fight will never end." Steve's eyes look pained as they continue to watch his friend, before he forces himself to turn away.
“Are you well now?” Hades asks, and Hephaestus nods.
Ares and Athena probably just haven’t come to Earth yet to retrieve him because of business on Olympus and Zeus’s banishment, but if he could just get up there…
The gods were thrilled, and so celebrating their victory, the gods settled on Mount Olympus. It would be the home of a new generation of gods, known as the Olympians.”
This is simultaneously the worst and best thing that’s ever happened to Hephaestus.
Tony wakes up to the smell of bacon and fresh coffee.
They leave together and all Tony can do is watch and hope he isn’t making one of the worst mistakes of his immortal life.
For fuck’s sake, none of the gods care. He’ll admit that he was completely surprised to learn that most societies now actually did.
because the ideas in his head seemed too large and fast for something as slow as language.
Hephaestus can't help shaking his head and letting out a strangled laugh. He cannot believe the irony or audacity the universe has to make such a sick fucking joke.
Update September 5, 2021
He’s alone. And he has to accept that he just can’t figure out this one.
He broke Rhodey. Oh fuck this is it. The end.
No one but Tony mourns Persephone.
Tony’s headache grows. It’s not from the palladium poisoning.
They remind him now more than anything else of Steve. Steve and his unique brand of recklessness and bravery. He would have followed that man anywhere.
leave Looney Loki alone, but he shrugs it off. Priorities.
“I hate when you guys team up on me.” Tony attempts to joke, but his voice is weak. “You know, this is completely unfair and unfounded.”
Hephaestus loves his brother. They may not be related that way by blood anymore, but Ares wouldn’t care either way. They grew up together. Hephaestus has to focus because if he’s not going to Olympus to make Zeus proud, he’ll do it for Ares.
It works, sure, but it’s clear the German inventor had no idea what they were working with. One wrong move on their part and the whole thing would have exploded in their faces. Literally.
His job has been to help Agent Carter observe the recruits.
A beautiful fierceness glints in his eye.
Falsworth, the most openly cynical of the group, lowers the pair of binoculars he’s holding and doesn’t comment.
Pepper takes a deep breath and picks up the chip. “Okay.”
“I appreciated the help with the whole Stane debacle, but I’m really not interested in anything you’re selling.”
Tony grumbles to himself about dropping his precious mug but staggers over to the closest stool.
After stretching his arms out like a cat, the god hauls himself out of bed and begins to change into the uniform he was given.
Water and ice surround him. Everything is so
He walks forward to close the large gap between them and places a firm hand on the young Asgardian’s shoulder. Glamours ordered down, unnaturally cobalt eyes pierce into Thor’s normal blue. “Thor, I need you to swear on River Styx you won’t reveal my true identity.”
It was a heavy weight in his chest that never quite went away no matter how many punching bags he destroyed. Because just when the chasm between him and the world felt maybe bearable, HYDRA was found, and Bucky was kept alive in the worst way imaginable. Steve realized he just had to accept the heaviness that pressed on him, day after day because his life will always be war.
Stretching his arms above his head, Tony mentally opens an email Pepper sent him through his private server about a group who call themselves SHIELD. Apparently they’ve been expressing a continued interest in him and asking for a debrief.
“You ungrateful
“I must give you credit. You are never one for predictability, are you?”
The god of travelers remains serious. “Yes. Zeus didn’t plan on you coming back.
And so when Zeus -
Years were spent sparring the god of war and goddess of wisdom, because Zeus began to notice the impeccable nature of his work.
“Hey, sleepy,” Steve matches his low tone. “Your turn to watch.”
He hears the shuffling of feet as Bucky gets up. Tony doesn’t look up or try to stop him.
Gods, this is why he hates feelings.
Steve, who is an asshole, immediately catches his concern. A teasing grin creeps onto his face. “Aw, you worried about me?”
“Uh huh. Shakespeare in the park?” Tony raises one hand up mockingly. “Doth mother know you weareth her drapes?”
Tony doesn’t let himself respond.
“Nothing else,” the god says. “Yet.”
They used to share a smoke when cigarettes were harder and harder to come by. Steve would lean in close and his mouth–
They’ve always been brown, and seeing anything else reflected back at him is a little shocking.
stupid.
Hit suddenly with an idea, Tony reaches out to Howard’s old server and files. Maybe the man was just arrogant enough to leave something that could be useful.
He needs to let Steve go. He has to.
After about an hour of explanations and the closest three bots can get to a hug, Tony sits up to make himself a smoothie.
Side by side, they take out the wardens patrolling. Hephaestus doesn’t like the amount of noise they’re creating, but he took out the cameras as soon as they entered the hall so he hopes the gods have mercy and backup doesn’t arrive.
“Lieutenant Collins.”
“It took about five seconds before you followed me in, pal.”
Having previously cased for all of the exits, he rushes through the crowd to get to the side entrance.
Until finally,
Wet gasping breaths are all that’s heard in the quiet of the rooftop.
Tony silences the clock.
Tony doesn’t even have to speculate about who it is because the answer has been given to him already. On a silver– or rather black spy-grade platter.
“You should have stayed in the deepest pit of the Underworld. No one wants or needs you here. Least of all me.” Without taking his eyes off the Titan in front of him, Tony lets fire engulf his hands. It ignites up his arms, an element capable of burning down whole cities, fleets, and armies.
Ares did not reprimand Hephaestus for inventing and building like everyone else, although he did not encourage it.
Gaia, Mother Earth, and her husband Ouranos, the god of the sky, had produced six children before Gaia gave birth to the Titans.
He knows he'll have to produce a new glamour to keep up appearances, but it’s striking now to look at such a physical reminder of who is. Not Tony Stark, the mortal weapons manufacturer, or Hephaestus, Olympus's personal inventor, but a god who has been hidden among men.
It was only a rumor before when he went to Gulmira, but the concrete-shattering thud he makes when he lands is very real. In the back of his mind he registers the gaping and whispers of the crowd.
Before Hephaestus can stop it, a soft "Yeah?" slips. It may just be his problem with prying, but he really wants to know what Steve was going to say.
Not up to his standards, but enough.
When is it ever that easy though?
(That’s a special peeve he developed from a childhood with an angry drunk for a father.)
(Even now, after his revelation of being more than Olympus’s favorite tool, there’s still a large part of him that yearns to go back to his family. He misses Ares and Athena. He misses the stories of the hunt Artemis would tell with a sharp grin and confident poise. Dionysus would always make sure he had the best wine on the rare occasions they had dinner together.
He looks at the cigarette, the embers that will inevitably reach his fingers and burn out forever.
Tony resists the urge to tap on the reactor or tug at his knotted hair.
He was so
Hephaestus turns his head to see Phillips and Erskine walking toward the practice field. He’s already there standing next to Agent Carter, watching the recruits do yet another set of 20 push-ups.
Tony melts, leaning into the touch.
He sees bruised knees. His head covered as the pain of numbers overwhelm and push and don’t stop screaming because he is too young to be allowed to release them into creation. He is not allowed to defile his father’s sacred workshop.
Hephaestus chastises himself for thinking too much again.
Even with the extra kick, it doesn’t take long for a durable Asgardian to recover from solely mortal weaponry. Unsurprising, but a guy can hope.
Tony is pulled out of his thoughts by movement in the crowd.
“I thought you wanted to die for your country?” Falsworth asks innocently.
“You’re smart, boy.” He lifts his hand and studies it like a child would watch ants burn under a microscope. Amused and sick. “I know you can figure it out.”
Music begins to play in time with the dancers gesturing toward Howard. The man walks with a slow, arrogant stride, and when he reaches the woman with the microphone, he pulls her in for a kiss.
Hephaestus fleetingly wondered what the story there was. Why did Odin already decide this when he has another son?
Children these days.
“I’m not crazy,” he begs. “I just finally know what I have to do.”
Hephaestus seriously doubts that, but before he can comment someone knocks on the door.
A glint of red and blue metal. Then sparks of alien magic, pure unfiltered energy, explode off of a familiar shield.
“I’d rather be trapped in there myself than join you,” Tony says, voice gruff.
Instead, he jerks into consciousness.
He’s in Afghanistan having just finished demonstrating his latest monstrosity, the Jericho. The soldiers in the Hummer with him are painfully young.
need was to sleep or eat because as a god, he was truly immortal. (That’s not to say he didn’t enjoy both activities. He just didn’t have time for it anymore.) Never mind the fact that it may not be necessary, just recommended.
It’s almost as painful as the stories Howard tells him about a man who rose to greatness. A man far greater than Tony will ever be.
That isn’t what catches his attention though.
He thought of asking his father about it, but only in ways that categorized as fantasy.
beloved
“Five rejections.” Steve shrugs after stuffing his hands into his coat pockets.
Tony feels raw. Thoughtful and sentimental in a way that leaves him almost unbearably open. It’s the first time in a long while that he’s felt this calm and at peace. It's strange, because a desperation creeps into his bones as well.
Looking at Steve though, at this human who decided to become Hephaestus’s first friend despite everything, he knows one thing with a bone-deep certainty.
“Circle time, kiddos.” Hades claps his hands together. He plops down on one of the two chairs in the small room before gesturing for them to do the same.
not the other way around. He should totally sue.
Fighting the overwhelming drive wasn’t even an option. Instead, with Hades acting as an approving, silent vigil, Hephaestus embraces it.
Their first children were monstrous and terrifying creatures, including three one-eyed Cyclops and three Hundred-Handed Giants. Uranus was frightened of the dreadful children he had produced, and he banished them to the deepest pit in the Underworld, Tartarus.
“I do!” Steve says loudly, looking startled. He grins proudly. “I understood that reference.”
Realizing that the Arc Reactor was built outside of his own creation was a bitter pill to swallow on its own, whatever the size, but to know that kind of power was in the hands of someone outside of his (sort of) family is another thing completely.
Tony knows better than anyone that a lot can change in a hundred years. It’s sad to think though that the mischievous spark in the boy transformed into something malicious.
That’s when Pepper walks into the room, her perfectly tailored dress cutting a stunning figure. She’s typing something on her phone, likely an email, and so only looks up to nod at them in greeting.
But Hephaestus had Zeus's attention, at least in one aspect, and he could not risk losing that because he didn't
“Tony, I’d like you to meet Doctor Abraham Erskine.” Howard’s smile is wide and his eyes look much softer than they have all evening.
Thor frowns, his brows drawn inward in confusion and concern. He doesn’t speak for several long seconds.
So Tony tries (mostly fails) to relax, and the rest of the car ride passes in a haze of grey buildings and controlled breaths.
Explosions rock the air and Steve hesitates. Hephaestus mourns the fact that it’s at the danger of his jump and not the ruler of the Underworld itself yelling at him. Steve is naïve to the fact that he’s defying one of the most powerful beings in the universe and it makes Hephaestus flinch when he realizes he’s about to do the same.
Curt and lacking all familiarity, Steven Grant Rogers acknowledges Tony like a stranger.
He looked defeated for saying those words, and Hephaestus was very surprised and now becoming panicked as well.
How could he not? All the magic he has comes from the pure energy of ichor. Every pump of his heart acted as a pulse of power, one that would cause his magic to thrum to life with potential.
It doesn’t work, but then again, he knew it wouldn’t. That’s what happens when you’ve been put through the wringer emotionally.
“Of course you are. I just worry that you’ll get caught up in your head. You have a tendency to get off task.”
Plans like that take centuries to execute. Is it truly far-fetched to fear their return?
It made him feel guilty for thinking anything different. He was so fucking selfish sometimes.
“What about you?”
Until Hephaestus realized that it was almost torture to train with the older gods.
“You got that thing going pretty fast.”
“It’ll be okay, Tony,” he says. His smile is gentle. “People are saying the war will be over in just a couple of months. And I think I actually believe them this time.”
in a way he didn’t anticipate, especially now that he can actually feel it.
So he does.
They were
The other beings in Yggdrasil don’t go to Earth, to Midgard, because they believe it to be too underdeveloped to associate with. That’s criminally untrue, but it’s the way things are.
Hephaestus hesitates, because he’s technically going to be helping the military. He just isn’t sure he’ll be enlisted.
They work together well, Steve quickly taking down any scouts he detects with his enhanced hearing and Hephaestus taking down each listening device with a subtle flick of his hand, although the former man remains unaware of Hephaestus’s actions.
Looking at Steve makes him want to believe he can be more than a creator of unprecedented destruction.
So they won’t worry if Tony decides to indulge himself in some unhealthy habits. As long as in the end, he reverses the devastation Thanos caused.
“You’re a good person, Tony.”
Ares used to tell him all the time about heroes. Epic battles and saving entire cities.
Tony flexes his fingers. He fights the urge to tap on the reactor. It’s a nervous tic he’s started to pick up over the last few months. Tony doesn’t want to think about how it began once the aches in his chest started.
. He feels lightheaded. Gods, Tony should have figured out how to fix the palladium poisoning his body before. He’s been so fucking
Because call him cynical, but the tabloids will always bring up the worst things about him, true or not.
“What’s the matter? Scared of a little lightning?” Steve’s question is clearly mocking, but something about Loki, the taut lines of his shoulders, his face looking upward with apprehension, makes Tony uneasy.
“He is not mine, is he?”
Tony has the ability to live and stop this.
Hephaestus became very worried.
On his stomach, arms grasping the air, Steve
Because Steve… Steve is the embodiment of a hero.
He startles, standing tense with hands reflexively assuming a defensive position. Hephaestus barely stops himself from letting flames engulf his palms.
Never mind the fact that the bond Mjölnir and Tony share is unique to them alone.
“My job is to make sure you and your men don’t get killed.” Steve watches as steady hands unroll a gray metallic weave. “Carbon polymer. Ought to hold its own against your average German bayonet. Of course, Hydra’s not likely to come at you with a pocket knife...”
“Three years ago Howard- or should I say ‘I’? I don’t want this to get too confusing for you-” Hephaestus gives him a look, “Ok right so,
Tony lets out a shaky breath and pulls himself back up straight. He rolls his shoulders and then his head in an attempt to get out the aches and pains from being on the floor for so long.
He fought to protect Bucky, but Steve sometimes mused the justice in ultimately dying in the way that haunted his nightmares. Cold and alone.
Blinks once.
He needs to find a way home. He can’t do that if he doesn’t learn the Earth, or this “America” at least.
So he weaves the tale of a god named Hephaestus and how he fell to Earth. JARVIS doesn’t speak to interrupt, even when there are pauses because Tony’s throat is too closed up to speak.
Weapons.
No, no it’s grounding.
“And I have access to reports where the weapons were sold. I can look there.” Rhodey quickly adds, determined and sharing a small approving smile with Pepper.
His thoughts are muddled. Two sets of memories struggling to find peace and settle properly.
the guidance, Hephaestus.”)
And he wouldn’t prompt him to tell Pepper about this if he didn’t believe it was the right thing to do.
Something beautiful, but actually independent from the gods.
He has no idea if the man is mortal or a god, but he watches him slowly walk closer to the bed from where he was standing across the room.
“Tony, the board has rights. We’ll fight them on it, of course.” Obadiah picks up the abandoned glass of scotch from the coffee table. “But my boy, they don’t believe this new direction is in the best interest of the company.”
The plan is to take something important enough from him that he’ll have to agree to let you return, if only to get his possession back.”
“Excellent!” Hades looks at him thoughtfully, “You need to finish healing, which won’t take very long with my help. We’re leaving in a couple of days, so you should have your power back by then.”
Seriously. It’s not the fucking time to reflect on his failures or the moral complexities of humanity that leave him so unbelievably frustrated and filled with a hatred that can’t be directed at anyone but himself.
I had the time and I was feeling hella inspired (the response to my return has been overwhelming,
“Fuck you, Tony.” Rhodey chuckles without humor, “God help me.”
Hephaestus just tried to stay away from Ladon, the hundred-headed dog that never sleeps. Hera got the beast to guard the tree from any mortals wishing to steal from her.
And jealousy.
The only somewhat interesting thing is his own armor splashed across the front page.
Slowly though, a sharp smile begins to grow on Pepper’s face. It turns into something very dangerous. “Now let’s go get this son of a bitch.”
The sharks circle the water already. They’ll tear him apart if they smell blood.
These men, who have just been through one of the many hells war has to offer, are voluntarily going back out to fight. Hephaestus doesn’t know whether to admire it or reprimand them for it.
“Right.” Tony stands up. The barstool screeches in protest, but he ignores it in favor of the flask on the counter.
Maybe he’ll reach a breaking point. Maybe that point is tonight, but Peter is dead. So is Pepper, Rhodey, Happy…
He retracts the faceplate.
That’s not even the best part. No, because the best part is when the performer turns to defend himself from what Hephaestus thinks is a tomato of all things. Because the guy carrying the sad excuse for a shield is
On the 4
The best part was that Hephaestus knew the end result would be used to help, not hurt.
Because while she was the sun and the bringer of life, a star that has to burn out eventually or she’ll destroy that brightness forever, he was a constant. Crisp suits and supportive pats on the back.
“Azzano. I want to see the causality list.”
“Now listen, I don’t want you to get all in knots. You know how many times I protected your father from the wolves?” The man laughs and takes a sip of his drink.
The thought is bitter more than anything. He’s sure this will be just as painfully long and full of meaningless death.
is grabbing his kid brother by the throat and making off with their prisoner.
“I think she brought me back here. I just wish she left me a reason or a message before leaving. Maria Stark died, but if Persephone did this shouldn’t she be back now that I remember?”
Ah, Tony Stark’s birthday. The
As he follows Hades through the US camp, Hephaestus forces himself to look. For centuries he allowed himself to feed into destruction while being purposefully ignorant. He knew what happened on a surface level, but if Hephaestus ever wants to find peace within himself he'll need to face it directly. Face the direct effect of his own inventions.
Why does he want to cry?
“I’m looking forward to working with you.” Doctor Erskine says with a crisp, heavy accent, and holds out a calloused hand to shake. Howard had given him all the scientific research done so far for the war effort. It would be an understatement to say that Erskine's had the most potential.
So he rises.
Rhodey nods back, but quickly goes right back to looking at Tony, waiting for an answer.
It takes several seconds before Tony can even attempt to conjure up a response.
So he’s left with his thoughts. Tony hopes desperately that they don’t spiral like they just love to do when left with no distractions.
“Yes, sir.” The unit breaks away as soon Jones nods. It’s still evening technically, but to get a reasonable amount of sleep they need to start getting ready for bed now.
Hephaestus catches Hades’s eye, seeking some sort of reassurance. Of course, instead the god is draining his drink, his brow quirked in a way that’s definitely mocking.
Less than twelve hours ago, in the middle of the shareholders meeting Tony was forced to attend, something in the atmosphere shifted. Something became off in a way that made his skin crawl.
Fuck, he should’ve stayed in his workshop. Stave off the need for more caffeine that ran out hours ago and eventually crash instead. He knows how to work until he can’t anymore. Instead he wandered up here.
A clicking sound echoes in the workshop and he turns his head to find Dum-E waving a screwdriver up and down.
A phone call in the middle of the night.
When they did finally arrive at camp, Hephaestus let himself cheer for Steve one last time. (“Let’s hear it for Captain America!”)
Soon enough it’s January and the air rages with a cold only Russian winters can bring.
Before Hephaestus can say anything else, Hades snaps his fingers and vanishes. The cold that crept into the room without him noticing gives way to a sudden wave of heat. He shivers at the change and rubs his arms.
“Thanks, J.” He replies aloud automatically, but then Tony blinks, registering what was actually said.
Hades left after they arrived so he could do Ruler-of-the-Underworld things. He’s completely on his own.
When he reaches the sink and the large mirror that hangs innocently above it, Tony has to grip the counter to steady his trembling hands.
He thinks it was a shed at some point, but there’s a small twin bed pushed to the corner and a table in the middle of the room with a few stray chairs.
Jones attempts to defend himself. “Figured you’d need the help. Like you said, the thing wasn’t exactly an American Buick.”
Steve nods in gratitude, “Just get me as close as you can.” He then ducks his head to address Hephaestus at a lower volume. “You know, you’re going to be in a lot of trouble when you land.”
This chapter has haunted my drafts for fucking months oh my god. To all of the readers and wonderful commenters who've patiently stuck around this long, this is for you. I genuinely hope you enjoy.
Ares walked closer to place a hand on the back of Hephaestus’s neck in a gesture that was supposed to convey comfort.
Hephaestus does not know what he would do if he didn’t have his inventions.
Probably not.
They stop near an open truck full of crates to watch the field from a distance. The General gestures to Steve. “Honesty! He’s making me cry.”
If he’s bothered by the order, Steve doesn’t show it. He straightens his shoulders and faces his men. This is the Captain that went to bat for their team when questioned about an integrated unit. The man that wouldn’t let anyone stop him from doing what was right.
Tony places the clothing down to be put back in storage, but he grips the tracker tightly. He’ll make a better one.
The sight is revolting. Red skin bulges from the torn seams of his skin.
With a bitter smile, he reaches into his pocket to take out a packet of Lucky Strike cigarettes.
When they can finally see the entrance, both crouch down to observe the guards patrolling the main gate.
They all look at each other, the seriousness of the situation a physical weight.
He allows the comfort of the easy exchange of the guard to wash away any lingering fear. The action has become soothing in its familiarity. And maybe he enjoys it even more so when it’s with Steve, but he keeps that thought to himself.
“What the– You… How do you two even know each other?” Hephaestus can’t hold back his astonishment.
Zeus did not acknowledge his wife, but turned to his youngest son.
No one talks about the cost of winning a war.
Unrepentant, he grins down at Steve, before bumping their shoulders together. “You’ll be great.”
“Hydra won’t know what hit them.” Hephaestus nods, satisfied.
“My brother is a delight.” Hades gestures a sarcastic flourish, then rolls his eyes, “Please move on.”
“What?” Tony asks, voice equally low. “Rock of Ages giving up so easily?”
“We need to steal something and change it so that it can only be used if you allow it. Zeus must believe that your death or harm will result in the possession being lost forever.”
His drive easily slips underneath the precious control panel.
If he has to blink a few times to keep his eyes from getting too bright well that’s no one else’s business.
It shouldn’t be this way.
Fury has a correspondent who reports an atmospheric anomaly.
The moment he can feel the chain on his neck, Tony feels a weight settle in his chest.
It isn’t until the night before their planned escape attempt that Yinsen speaks up.
He may be different now in a lot of ways, but Tony is sadly proud to know that this won’t change that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s voice, even hushed, is deafening in the quiet of the room. “Why won’t you let me?”
Hephaestus forces himself to shove down the nausea he feels. It’s only been a few days, but he's so easily forgotten how dangerous the god of the dead can be. Dangerous to the point of blatant mind manipulation. It doesn't matter that he's his father. Blood, as he has learned many, many times, doesn't create bonds.
It’s space to think that makes him extremely grateful.
Tony stares at him.
“Are you enjoying this?” Hephaestus asks, and that earns him a bigger grin and laugh.
Bucky chokes out a laugh at his dry tone. “I bet Stevie appreciates it.”
With one trembling hand, he reaches up to the hem of his layered shirts. Terrified. Desperate.
“Yes.”
mistakes—
He can’t live in fear anymore.
He tries his best to speak through the deep ache in his chest, the raw pain of his grief.
41 steps straight ahead.
They know his greatest weakness now. His greatest reminder of the fall from grace.
So Tony doesn’t feel inclined to share all the awful details, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t open to a question or two.
The implications of what a power like that could
He knows the men around him probably have only good intentions, but Hephaestus can’t help but feel on edge. He spent the walk back from the Hydra base avoiding Steve. Well not avoiding per say. He was just making sure they were never able to have a conversation…
It’s frustrating to say the least.
“Hey, you didn’t know he was going to do what he did.” Pepper gives a small reassuring smile. “It’s okay.”
“Right.” Hephaestus runs a shaking hand through his hair and pulls up one of the chairs.
if abused make his stomach churn.
“Engorged veins. They look nearly as painful as that metal in your chest.” Yinsen casually pokes at the fire.
He paused here for a breath, but really looked at the little boy before him. Eventually, he nodded once.
The agent backs up against the wall. His face is covered, but Tony can tell he’s afraid by the way his hands, held up in surrender, shake. He’s not proud of how smug that makes him feel. Although it’s easier to acknowledge that than his headache.
Who does this asshole think he is?
He calmly walked over to the pole and took out the pivot and lock pin. All the others could do was watch in shock as Steve patiently waited for it to fall then carefully took off the flag to give it to the drill sergeant.
Tony catches himself bending the metal of his desk and releases his grip.
,” was always far more cutting (honest, really).
“That was mostly the Captain. I was just along for the ride, fellas.” Hephaestus shrugs with a slightly forced smile.
Zeus did not look away from his wife when he asked, “How old are you now, son?”
None of the men seem to know what to say to that, but Steve is already distracted with which key goes to which lock. Hephaestus snatches the keys away and immediately finds the right one. He pulls Steve along to find the stairs for the floor below and pushes them back into his hands.
A boy standing at the front makes a comment, and not even a second later the woman drives a strong right hook into his face.
A feeling of dread settled in his stomach.
And if that doesn’t make Tony’s heart
He waits for his eyes to adjust, so slowly he begins to see who must have just spoken.
Rhodey makes his own face and Tony laughs.
Hand repulsors and unibeam engaged, he fires at Thor with enough energy to return the favor and then some.
Tony’s guilt grows heavier and heavier in his chest.
Why couldn’t his mind understand that his parents were busy?
The crux of his problem is that without a heart to transfer that power all over his body, Hephaestus wouldn’t just lose his abilities as a god.
And Howard throws his glass at him and snarls,
Tony doesn’t really understand it, yet he can’t help the relief that begins flood through him. Leave it to Rhodey to make him laugh at a time like this. “Out of everything that’s just happened, that’s what you focus on?”
a drink.
The dread grew.
Iron Man in this newspapers case.
.” He winks, “Don’t worry, we’ll call you Tony for short to help you blend in.”
Hephaestus is grateful for Hades’s help. Really. He is.
Steve shakes his head in denial, but taking in a deep breath, bends the metal of the already broken barrier to make more room.
Whose stern, unflinching gaze tells the story of bravery in a war only a few decades ago.
Steve understandably startles at his suddenly serious tone. Something must be invading Tony’s expression, because Steve’s eyes suddenly turn very soft.
(Anyone catch the reference to His Girl Friday from 1940? I'm a film nerd rip)
“Well I’m perfectly panic-stricken.” Morita deadpans. “What for?”
Perhaps he could explore the area? He’ll just go past the crowd, maybe find something to see nearby. He knows he wasn’t told to stay backstage directly, and he can keep himself out of trouble.
He stayed with Tony as they both sat at his kitchen table. Silently supported him through the long-overdue sobs that wracked his body, unaware that he wasn’t just consumed by the blood of innocent civilians, but ice and glassy blue eyes.
He looked up. “I will get this done Ares.”
Hephaestus nods, “Works within a 5,000 mile radius and has an accuracy of about 10 feet.”
He can make it better. He can actually do right by the people he’s hurt so carelessly.
- had a goddess named Athena independent of her, she decided to have another child (with another) as revenge. Zeus would surely pay attention to her then. After all, was that not the only thing that mattered?
Unable to keep himself still and hidden any longer, Hephaestus runs up the final flight of stairs.
The more he got to see Steve however, the more Hephaestus couldn’t imagine him any other way.
The crowd cheers in relief, but it’s only a faint buzzing sound as Tony rips out the Arc Reactor and crushes it in one gauntleted fist.
And now he’s going to pay for it.
Hephaestus begins to smile even before he gestures, “Sure. Go right ahead.”
The mortals rush after the announcement to gather in front of the stage Hades (Or should he say Howard?) will present on.
It would be so easy to let the anger consume him, too easy, but he has to remember that Thor has no idea who he is.
Tony thought he understood it, before.
Immediately Hephaestus attempts again to assess his body and mind. He pushes through the overall pain, frantically searching until he realizes that the greater burn is coming from his chest.
Someone is messing with something they don’t understand.
Tony’s lips quirk upward at the nickname, amused despite himself. Tossing the scratchy wool blanket aside, his dog tags clang softly against the reactor. Steve holds out his hand and Tony accepts the help to get up off the floor.
With a quiet sigh, Tony sets himself down onto one of the chairs of his workshop to wait.
Despite being temporarily distracted by Howard's shenanigans, Hephaestus continues pushing past people. They're beginning to turn around to leave, but Hephaestus doesn't notice until he gets tripped up suddenly by something.
“The Titans…” Tony trails off. “Being Tony Stark, hiding in plain sight, might be the only thing keeping me safe then.”
He knows who’s out there.
Because he’s JARVIS, amazing and undeservingly loyal, the AI doesn’t doubt if Tony is telling the truth. He just offers a possible answer to his question, tone sincere.
“Hephaestus, we claim ourselves as gods because of the domains we’re responsible for and our immortality which was granted to maintain them. Too many believe being a god also means we are above those who are mortal. Above mistakes.”
“I’m not gonna make a pass at Steve. You have nothing to worry about anyway, Barnes.”
“Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?” Steve asks, ignoring Tony’s dramatics.
Rhodey shrugs. “Stane is an asshole.” He looks at the now still body with grimace, “We kinda already knew that.”
Dernier nods in agreement, '
(He doesn’t have the heart to tell the bot he can’t actually get burned anymore. Besides, Dum-E will figure that out on his own eventually because despite what many may think, the little guy does actually learn and should be given the chance to.)
It was very loud in the room, and normally he would be okay with that, but Hephaestus did not recognize any more than half of the gods here.
Another sharp bang rippled through the workshop.
Once he makes it into the kitchen and the coffee is brewed, he gulps it down straight out of the carafe because a) he’s the only one there and b) it’s not like his tongue can get burned.
They race off the edge.
As soon as he’s close enough to Zorro, Tony throws a direct uppercut to his stomach. Vanko’s head bends over in pain and he doesn’t waste any time to land another hit, this time directly to the face.
Eyes wide now in panic, Tony orders JARVIS to start up the unibeam.
“Thanks, Dum-E.” He pats the bot’s strut with a small, but genuine smile. “I think I’m getting up now though.” Tony heaves himself upward. It takes a second to get his balance, soon enough however, he begins to make his way across the workshop and into the half-bath that he vaguely remembers installing a few years ago.
“Even to get these fellas to stop beatin’ their gums?”
, Hephaestus mentally corrected himself.
“So I’ve been working with the Allies in order to help in World War II, performing multiple experiments for them and working as their weapons specialist.
“I think it is time for Hephaestus to leave.” Ares’s voice cut through the room.
He would go long periods of time without even seeing his parents.
What makes it worse is that Rhodey doesn’t know that Tony’s tears were more filled with overwhelming grief and pain over everything that’s happened than a single betrayal and his guilt over it. Rhodey doesn’t know he’s not just Tony anymore. Half-man, half-god struggling to make amends with mistakes that span centuries. A lifetime. (Steve is
The man shrugs, and surprisingly returns a more tentative version of a smile. “I’ll bite.”
Just thinking about it makes Tony inexplicably angry and so, so sad.
“We’re looking for someone that can pass this week. Which is, just so you know, not just physical training. Nature survival skills are gonna be tested by having them cook their own food and hunt for it every other meal. Close hand-to-hand combat will be drilled without a weapon, with a knife, and with an automatic weapon.”
Tony feels a pang of guilt mangled with grief, but forcibly shoves it down, down, down.
“A device would be preferable.” Hades nods his head, seeming to make up his mind about something. “We’ll be stationed in Italy for a while under different orders. That should give you enough time to get the parts you need and build something that works.”
“As serious as a heart attack.” The joke, as bad as it is, successfully pulls her out of the shock in favor of a reprimanding look.
In that cave, among the heat and dust, in the endless glare of metal and terror, Tony took control of his own life for once. He chose to live and made a vow to Yinsen that he wouldn’t waste another second being indifferent to the suffering wrought by his own inventions.
Other than his ongoing hunt for Stark Industries weapons, it isn’t until April that things start to get interesting.
“Captain. Lieutenant.” She greets them with a polite nod. And really, Carter looks devastating in red, skin positively radiant. Hephaestus can only spare a stray thought or two toward that however, because his mind is a stream of ‘
A full-bodied shiver runs down Tony’s spine.
It’s faint, coming from outside the concert hall, but it puts a chill through his bones all the same. He can sense there’s another Arc Reactor outside.
these articles are boring.
What’s important is that he never shows fear, never shows any signs of weakness.
No, his eyes are blue. They are actually a bright blue that remind him of the glow from the Arc Reactor.
secret.
Dog tags.
He takes the stairs two at a time to the roof. When he busts open the door, Stane is standing right there with an easy smile.
It’s hard to remind himself that the Olympians told stories of interfering on Earth countless times. He thinks what makes this different is the certainty Zeus isn’t the one in New Mexico.
The camp has gone to bed for the night. If he wasn’t a god used to going decades at a time without sleep, he’d probably be passed out as well. There are many perks that come with being immortal.
Steve looks like he wants to ask before he thinks better of it. Hephaestus doesn’t think he’s ever been so grateful for the military and their well known secrecy. Steve likely believes the device is for something confidential regarding the war. That’s not wrong, but the reason he can’t know has nothing to do with rank.
Hephaestus covers his chest with a hand self-consciously when Hermes pointedly nods to it. Does all of Olympus know about his heart or did Hades tell him? Hephaestus
“Don’t you mean where we’re landing?” Steve’s expression turns pinched at that, but Hephaestus ignores him.
“One, you are a human. Do not get caught acting as anything else.” Hades sits down on a large couch and again gestures for him to follow suit.
Tony turns and the glass in his hand almost shatters in his grip.
But he stuck a diplomatic smile on his face, and went on anyway, terrified of disappointing his parents and losing the admiration from the other Olympians.
Gods were made of iron; they did not need to build it.
Chills run up his spine.
Because what he wanted was selfish. And really, he just wanted to end the constant cycle of hope and disappointment.
Hephaestus ignores every opinion and feeling he has about that.
He remembers getting them the first time and the pain of war that flashed through his mind. There were several moments throughout his time with the Commandos that he unconsciously grasped at the metal until his hand stung.
“We helped you out with Stane.” Tony doesn’t bother to hold back a scoff. “Fury figured maybe you’d at least be open to a meeting.”
Thank gods for Hades.
“Always,” he finally answers, voice quiet.
Hades then pauses and
So he finds himself being happily prodded while flipping through the newspaper someone left in the temporary green room.
Ares had brushed his soft hair from his forehead and promised to tell the story once he had lain down.
Silence.
Wry, but willing to try again, Gaia and Ouranos produced twelve children, the Titans. They were as beautiful and wonderful as the first children had been hideous. Ouranos was so fond of them in fact, that he granted them power and control of many different aspects of the natural world.
But that didn't mean Zeus cared about the boy's birth. He made it abundantly clear from the start that he wouldn't even try.
Jones laughs good naturedly.
It’s almost funny how stupidly ignorant the agent is to canon he’s using, something fused so horrifically with an alien power source even Tony doesn’t understand yet.
No one mourns Maria.
It feels wrong. A violation simply because they can’t do anything to defend themselves.
Tony’s flight test yesterday was almost a complete success. There’s the icing problem, but it shouldn’t take more than a few tweaks to fix that.
“What?”
“Open a tab.” Dugan smiles unrepentantly. The others clearly agree with the demand if their laughs are anything to go by.
The super-soldier’s chest takes in an anxious breath, his face pales at the site of what should be impossible.
“Right.” He looks back at the room and takes a large sip of his drink. “And what can I do for you today, Agent Coulson? Besides that debriefing you’re desperate enough to bother my assistant for.”
“This isn’t payback, is it?”
Hephaestus pushes past his thoughts, he needed answers. “How did you find me and why?”
At the presentation, Doctor Erskine found the last person he needed to find enough possible recruits for the program. They had moved everyone out last night, including him.
He sees her jade green eyes and gentle laugh and knows that is safety.
He realizes that he must be dreaming still, because he tries to speak but nothing comes out. He isn’t in control of this body.
He takes off again before the authorities can arrive.
Thor nods eagerly, then seems to remember himself. His attempt to recover with a diplomatic nod of the head is amusing at most.
“Just a bastard nobody wants. I wonder how desperate Hades must have been to abandon you so quickly.”
He was not afraid to hurt him.
“I didn’t realize I was the subject of such intrigue.” Hephaestus jokes, hoping the nervousness in his voice isn’t audible.
He forces himself to order Mjölnir to stay, to be patient, but it still pains him more than anything to deny her. She is his long-lost creation, missed so desperately throughout their many centuries apart. Lost in an exchange of forced diplomacy.
“Yeah.” He scrubs a hand over his face and tries to shake off the guilt that threatens to drown him.
“Well gentleman,” the General looks toward the training grounds, “we have only a week to pick our guy for the job. The drill sergeants are gonna do their best to whip the boys into shape, and I want you both to keep an eye out on the best candidate.”
remake? “Loki will face Asgardian justice!”
“Which is why we took the liberty of coming up with something that’ll last a bit longer.” Hades and Steve finally turn to the table in the corner of the lab.
He wants to speak honestly. He wants it so badly that he could burst with it. Why does it feel like he’ll never get another chance again?
Hephaestus hunches inward at the implication, but Hades reaches a hand to his shoulder, halting his thoughts before they could spiral. “Mistakes, contradictions, and flaws,” Hades says, “are a part of us just as strongly as they are a part humanity. I am glad, because our universe wouldn’t be the same without them.”
There’s a box of Ray’s pizza (Joe’s is objectively better. That should be strike fucking one. Jeez.) on the coffee table. Pepper sits down to work on the couch behind it.
They both end up relaxing into real smiles as they shake hands.
The tone is smooth and casual, yet Hephaestus almost flinches before catching himself at the last second. The bastard grins, far too smug, and then Howard turns an innocent, questioning look toward Steve.
It had to be done.
“Well yeah,” she says, annoyance bleeding into her tone. “I’m
But the boy learned to be grateful for the god of war’s tolerance of him. Because he knew how awful it was to want such a silly thing.
Any other time it’d be easy to answer with a quick joke. Banter is imbedded into almost every conversation he has nowadays. Something about tonight though, is different.
Tony mourns for the life Steve deserved, but never received. He mourns for the man who has to live with a present whose greatest memories of World War II are from history books.
Gods were immortal, but the pain he felt from his cut skin, the ichor that bled through, was real.
He told Hephaestus to be on his best behavior because they were all going to a feast as a family tonight. He told him to be careful. He reminded the boy not to ask silly questions in case father got mad.
He also unsurprisingly decided to stay at the bar for Bucky. Steve attempted to give him an apologetic look for it (being a fucking gorgeous idiot), but Hephaestus quickly cut him off with a firm shake of the head and reassurance that was softer than he intended.
“You’re the absolute worst, you know that?” Her words are undermined by the stunning smile still gracing her cheeks.
He turns to find blond hair, messy from the wind, and eyes that glow even brighter under the reflected light of the sky.
He can’t afford to do that anymore. Not now.
“Hey.” Steve’s lips curl into a small, shy smile. He brings a hand up to rub at the back of his neck. “I’ve been meaning to talk to you. Do you have a second?”
They all drop immediately, and an explosion just behind them rocks the ground. Tony’s ears ring from the blast. It takes longer than it should for his head to stop pounding and his vision to focus.
Because he knows, (
And Tony doesn’t.
“I have heard many grand stories of your craftsmanship, Hephaestus.” Odin shook his hand. “It is a pleasure to finally meet you.”
And somehow death clung even tighter.
“I was wondering…” There it is. “about that hammer you had with you.”
“You were a good man. The
He hates it.
A loud clap of thunder shakes the Quinjet.
Hephaestus wanted to whine, but relented.
He doesn’t think he’s felt so certain about anything and honest to the river of Styx it feels amazing.
He can’t imagine what Steve had to go through since being recovered from the ice. It’s an awful curse.
With a defeated sigh that more than borders on dramatic, Hades looks at him, “Yes.”
Hades never did disclose the reason for his tracker.
Moving quickly with heads ducked down, they manage to make their way through and onto the roof without any more problems. It doesn’t take long for Hephaestus to find a lock for one of the roof entrances.
(Well what do you know? Immortality is good for something
“Tsk tsk. So many questions,” Hades teases, but there is a sharp look in his eyes. “You are very lucky I found you. A mortal would have certainly been confused if they saw a man bleeding gold blood, especially in this time.”
Except it’s not fine. When he finally finds Steve the man is sitting with his head in his hands, slumped in a way that feels far too close to resignation. “Steve?”
Hephaestus figures that’s the last of the conversation, but Hades takes a moment to look straight at him. It’s absurd how deep his stare goes. “We’ll also be meeting someone there who I think you’ll find interesting.”
“Of course.” Hephaestus waves Steve over so they can both sit down. For some reason, Steve chooses to sit with him on the cot. Distractingly close.
From what he can tell the thing was actually defective. If it was working properly, they would have been blown up as soon as they were on top of it.
Hey friends, so... it's been awhile. This is a bit personal, but I thought I'd share in case anyone cares about where I've been. This work means so fucking much to me and having feedback and support even after all this time means even more.
There’s even an amused smile creeping onto Pepper’s face.
It’s an even stranger sight than before, if he’s being honest. Hephaestus wonders once again how much Hades knows about science and engineering.
The weather is comfortable. August after all, is one of the cooler summer months for this region, full of gentle breezes and warm sunshine that cuts through the tall trees.
Steve may be struggling, but Hephaestus knows that he hasn’t stopped either. “If the serum does what you say it’ll do, that won’t matter, will it?”
Tony catches his eyes one more time in the mirror and nods his head, resolute.
She produces a file tablet from thin air and holds it out.
He towered over her, spitting vial insults at his wife like she was nothing more than a wicked disgrace.
(He takes that back.)
“From where I’m standing, it doesn’t look that way.” Bucky shakes his head. “If you don’t want anything to do with Steve, fine, but make sure the punk knows that.”
It had been a very long time. And he knew he had to impress.
“Also, please don’t call me 'sir.' Secretly makes me feel old. Which is awful. Hep-I mean, Tony is fine.”
wrong. Because that loss was nothing compared to this. Survivors guilt was a problem for Steve after the ice, but
Tony can’t lie with empty reassurances. JARVIS is one of the most beautiful things he’s ever created. Fiercely intelligent enough to know that the hole in his chest is deadly. Besides, he owes him more than that. JARVIS is his confidant, the one who has stayed despite everything.
“I never said you were a superhero.” Rude.
“Find it.”
So Tony sees himself growing up in a life full of heartache and learning and a desperation to understand.
“So mote it be.” Tony looks away the moment his faceplate clicks back into place.
“Oh, Tones.” In a few short steps he’s sweeping his arms around the short engineer. Tony’s body trembles for a moment before melting into the embrace, coffee forgotten. “It’s gonna be okay.”
There was nothing.
“And I threw up?” Steve asks, somewhat distracted by the rifle he’s checking over.
“Tony.”
Hephaestus finally straightens to glance at Steve who has a strange look on his face.
Steve didn’t fucking sacrifice his own life for this.
“Mjölnir is the hammer I use for my work. I created it myself.”
Obadiah steps out from the small alcove that houses a grand piano. He’s finds himself being irrationally grateful that it’s not his mother’s. “I figured you wouldn’t appreciate subtly.”
And suddenly the room hushed.
Steve, likely realizing they need to
But he’ll let JARVIS be the exception.
– Tony heaves and gasps as his lungs burn. They only give him a brief second before shoving his head back into the bucket of water.
Tony can easily sense JARVIS like before, but this time he reaches out with own energy.
Rhodey already knows he had something to do with the intervention in Gulmira
He’d already been on edge for about a week for reasons he can’t quite place, so the information, as minimal as it is, feels almost like a relief.
“Hephaestus, present yourself in the throne room. Your father must see you.”
Hermes though, for some stupid and insane reason, merely raises his eyebrows slightly. Completely unimpressed.
He ignores the looks his friends, including Happy, are giving him and just gets ready to compose his mask for the public.
They land in the woods about half a mile outside of the Hydra factory. Once Hephaestus finds Steve they move toward the building, silent other than the occasional break of a tree branch under their feet.
The tension from before doesn’t leave; however, with a task Hephaestus finds familiar and comforting his shoulders relax slightly. He allows himself to ignore the absurdity of the situation and studies the improvements already made. The numbers rush forward in excitement for a new project.
He can’t stop listening though. News sources, podcasts, and documentary specials all clash together in a cacophony of horrific sound that only gets louder and louder and louder. It feels like there’s nothing else in the world people are talking about.
“What could you possibly get out of me returning home?” Hephaestus demands.
Zeus barked out a laugh.
The machine already on (“It’s called a car or an automobile, Hephaestus.” “The only thing that thing could be called is a
Howard turns around with a scowl. “I’ll get the bags.”
He’s not human.
He doesn’t want to identify the emotion that swells inside him. He doesn’t deserve to feel anything but happy for Steve who has managed to catch the attention of a woman as amazing as Peggy Carter.
He releases the gun, letting it disintegrate into ash in the air.
He doesn’t let himself hesitate and looks directly at his chest in the mirror.
So as much as it physically pains him, Tony knows he needs to let the break in happen. He’ll be home in approximately ten minutes, so if Nicholas Joseph Fury is as smart as he suspects, the man is trying to talk, not steal anything.
Perhaps what’s most disturbing is the reflection of the Arc Reactor in the center of his chest.
He’s been Hephaestus for so long.
He shivers.
Back to confusion again.
Apparently satisfied, in one swift movement the agent turns toward the elevator. “I’ll leave you to look that over.”
He doesn’t know how Steve found out about the assessment, but he can’t really bring himself to care. No matter how much he may hate the thought of putting Steve in danger, he doesn’t regret his decision.
xisting as a manifestation of the first invention and flame in the universe. We may have free will and believe our actions to be chaotic, but the time of your birth was no accident. Who you are and everything you do is no accident.”
Both Ares and Athena agreed with his father. But only Ares had a softer approach with the boy.
Tony doesn’t usually enjoy the little reminders he gets day-to-day of the life he once had on Olympus, but the flame has never brought him anything but a feeling of warmth and home.
It’s overwhelming how just a few words from Steve can make him feel so damn stunned.
“What the hell
He can’t help his natural curiosity toward everything, and Ares isn’t here to help him through his need to take things apart.
Hephaestus looked up from where his eyes had been staring at nothing. “Go fuck yourself.”
Steve looks like he wants to argue, but before he gets the chance to speak Hades is tossing a bigger device to Hephaestus. The tracker.
It’s beautiful and strange and almost completely overwhelming.
He doesn’t doubt that Loki has the ability to use the Tesseract, if not to its full potential, then much more than the humans that have been holding onto it for the last several decades.
No. No no,
Hephaestus snaps his eyes open, and immediately regrets it because that
He shrugs, keeping in mind how harshly the new Privates are usually treated once entering the army. “I’m not into the whole scare tactic thing.”
He’s stubborn like that.
“You had quite a fall there.” He smiles warily, “I did the best that I could, but I’m kinda in a tight spot right now.”
The walk up is too short and yet longer than Tony can stand, his body both tense and fidgeting with nervous energy.
Hades smiles. “I can offer more than that. Ever heard of Vibranium?”
Legs suddenly unbearably weak, he stumbles to sit down on the wet grass.
Far too soon, Steve pulls away, his face flushed a beautiful pink. Tony feels his own cheeks burn.
It's a change that Hephaestus doesn't understand.
Met with confusion, Hephaestus elaborates. He looks straight into Steve’s impossibly blue eyes and hopes the truth in his statement rings clear. “Steve, you’re already a hero.”
“Tony.” Steve shakes his head with a sigh that sounds like something too close to fond, “One of the boys on our street spoke French and decided to teach us for fun. I’m a little rusty, but I can get by. My ma also taught me Gaelic, in case you don’t want any more surprises.”
Tony taps his fingers against the Arc Reactor in a vain attempt to get rid of his anxiety. Because what he just felt? That was an amount of power that he hasn’t come across since 1945.
Odin and his two sons visited for their coming of age.
It’s a beautiful mass of chaos. Hephaestus can’t help the elation he feels, the happiness of freedom contagious.
of iron? Fuck-
His plan was to go back to the makeshift workshop and start improving the tracker. He promised to find the source and
Automatically, Tony feels his mouth set in a hard line at the crowd of civilians he sees. Their faces are pale and terrified, a group forced to submit by kneeling on the cold, unforgiving pavement.
“Dread Pirate Fury must rule the sky with an iron fist, huh? I wonder where old Nicky keep his doubloons – actually, now that I think about it, he seems more like a buried treasure guy. Imagine the sheer number of codes he’d use for his treasure map.”  Tony shudders dramatically.
The tracker.
The screen turns on with a thought.
“Candice.”
Hephaestus wondered what he wanted. Everyone wants something from him these days.
Ares smirked.
Pushing down his excitement, Hephaestus reminds himself that the facts may not be unbiased or completely true.
He can only bring himself to nod before getting up to follow her out of the workshop and up the staircase.
It is, quite frankly, terrifying. Not knowing where he is. Not being able to see or comprehend the situation fully. He doesn’t know if it’s a side effect of being a god or what, but his ability to come up with hundreds of scenarios that scream of imminent danger aren’t thwarted by the same confusion.
He tilts his head slightly to look at her, but gets a sponge in the eye instead. “Ow.”
“I knew it, but I didn’t want to believe it.” Tony chokes out an ugly laugh. “People like you are what I hate about the most about humanity.”
He continues to stare at his chest in morbid fascination until a knock resonates from the door.
Many believed there was a grove of apple trees that bore golden fruit. It gave immortality to anyone who consumed them.
“When I found you, it looked like someone had literally ripped out your heart. It was all beyond repair. I had to place a new system with an electromagnet to replace it.”
The injustice of it all makes his stomach churn.
For as long as he could remember it was something he was attracted to.
So who cares?
He began presenting his inventions before the gods in the throne room, so they could properly gasp at his displays.
“You know, I heard he’s getting promoted so his rank is actually Captain now,” Falsworth says.
. Hephaestus can’t bring himself to regret it though.
Hades gives a small smile, “Ideally, it’ll breed an army of super-soldiers to fight the Nazis and win the war.”
“We’d all be so lucky.” They all turn at the familiar voice to see Bucky, sauntering up to the group with an amused curl to his lips.
Maybe Koios was right. His reliance on others is his downfall.
“I try to.”
Tony just looks at Rhodey for a few seconds before taking a long sip of his Cosmo.
They have to take down a couple more guards, but eventually the two men find dozens of prison cells. What can only be the captured infantry are being held a floor below them, but peeking out around the corner of the far wall, Hephaestus can see the wardens are patrolling on this level because of the large barred holes that give a clear view of the prisoners.
“Just get out! We’ll find a way!” Steve doesn’t sound convinced, but his look at Bucky is pleading.
When he left Afghanistan he made a vow for there to not be any others.
Humans after all, did not have the magical energy gods have.
He seized the clothing covering his chest and ripped his body from the ground.
Tony nods once, short and fairly stiff, then takes a step back. He waits.
Tony is a little shocked when Steve actually leans in a little to talk to him.
His actions alone are admirable enough.
She clears her throat and then, because she’s Pepper, a woman every goddess he knows would envy, she sets her sights on bringing the asshole down. “I’ll start looking into the company. Whoever is doing this probably knows electronic filing would be caught fairly quickly. I can discretely check the physical ones we keep at our offices. There might be something there.”
For a long time just opening his mouth felt like choking on air.
Because there’s something about the scepter the young Asgardian holds.
His laughter grates. “You’re funny, even though you speak with ignorance. Hephaestus, you are naïve and weak. Rejoice in that you have a sponsor who wishes to save you.”
Death had always been a constant in his life. It was a looming shadow on the verge of consuming him all throughout his childhood. Then there was his mother. Then the war. Steve didn’t expect mercy when he crashed into the Atlantic, but somehow he survived.
Hephaestus leaves a couple hours after Peggy leaves, once most of the room is too intoxicated to complain about his absence. Steve was, of course, the exception.
“Well, if he could do that he could achieve Heavy Ion Fusion at any reactor on the planet.”
“Good,” Rhodey replies, but he sounds wary. “Because I’m staring at one right now and the U.S. military is about to blow the unauthorized thing to pieces.”
“Hephaestus.”
Hephaestus felt panic and fear and a whole lot of bad things.
“The Pentagon, right?” Tony speaks to Maria, but his accusation is all for Howard. “Don’t worry. You’re going to love the holiday menu with the commissary.”
Tony blinks and looks at them both. Equal parts baffled and touched by their sentiment.
“Okay so, about a year after starting the company I began demonstrations for a new metal my team discovered in Africa. Vibranium. The demonstrations worked so well that some goons attacked me in an attempt to get it.
Athena’s commentary on the other hand, “
Both men startle and turn around at the sound of a woman’s voice. Peggy Carter, like Hephaestus, is in uniform. She looks apologetic about interrupting, but steps forward anyway. Her face is surprisingly grim.
He knows it won’t work, so why would he want something to fail on purpose?
Hephaestus holds in a laugh at that. Oh the irony.
The drink is called coffee. It’s a beverage apparently necessary to keep his energy up.
” thing for one, but he also doesn’t even know if Steve likes him in that way. He’s watched the guy interact with Bucky. Steve could just be a tactile person.
The costume doesn’t really hide anything, and the muscles that he would compare to the warriors on Olympus. He can’t deny that warmth builds low in his stomach and his mouth goes a little dry at the thought of ways Steve could use his new strength, but when Hephaestus looks back up at Steve’s face to find a familiar adorable flush, he is filled with a fondness as well.
it is.
Bucky lets out a chuckle of his own. “Hell no. That little guy from Brooklyn who was too dumb to run away from a fight? I’m following him.”
To be honest, Tony was not prepared for the sheer intensity of Mjölnir’s longing for him.
Howard,
Tony gasps for air.
As much as his friends deserve to know the truth, Tony kept as many details to himself as possible. Not knowing may be the only thing keeping them safe if something were to happen in the future. He hates to think it’s a possibility, but he has to be realistic.
Erskine smiles serenely at Phillips while Steve looks even more confused. Hodge, the sharp-elbowed bastard, peaks out from under the jeep, looking ashamed.
“I missed you.”
So maybe this is a mercy.
“Morning,” He whispers, voice hoarse and out of place in the fragile hush of the night.
He could uphold his deal with Ares.
The parachute deploys and releases, along with his own breath of pure relief.
It’s all very annoying to a god whose specialty is problem solving.
He came back. Tony was bloody, thin, and haunted, but he was
Zeus did not notice his panic though. “Wow,” he said, raising an eyebrow and sweeping a gaze across the room. “Spectacular.”
. I only allowed you here because you were my son, but now I know you are the direct blood of my brother." He laughed in horrific delight, "I have no obligation anymore. Death and chaos run through your veins. And like your
He turns away toward the control panel, but not before catching Thor’s adorably proud smile. The fucking golden retriever.
. With a straight face. That’s got to count for something.
He’s still cradling the phone in shocked hands when he realizes that he needs to fucking
The source of the chaos, Loki, walks among them like a delusional king walks among his fearful subjects.
Hephaestus fell.
Hephaestus just needs to hope that everything Hades is doing is following the Fates, and not just done to accomplish his own personal agenda.
The group immediately sobers up.
“What does the formula do?”
(Slight paranoia. It’s fine. He’s fine.)
“Yes, sir.” Hephaestus bows his head.
“I know.” Hephaestus did not put the hammer down, but caught Ares’s eyes. Where the young god was sitting, the god of war was standing and looming slightly over him.
As soon as they’re alone, Tony turns back toward Maria. She isn’t there. He walks forward slowly. The seat is cold.
Instead, he swings both legs over the edge of his bed and shuffles over to the door. Aware that only Rhodey would be making him breakfast, but unable to believe it until he can physically see it.
Hades sighs. For a brief second something seems to crack and Hephaestus catches flashes of far too many emotions to differentiate. What he does recognize overall though, is the fear Hades is hiding underneath his usual stone-like neutrality.
Hephaestus releases a tension he didn’t know he was holding at the question. No creating more weapons. Good.
“It’s swell. All the lights and get-up make a real show.” Steve lets his answer trail off and looks back at the stage. He looks like he wants to continue, but thinks better of it.
Hephaestus takes a breath. And another.
Morning people.
He can’t help but think hysterically that he’s glad Zeus never used his bolts against him.
Hephaestus grins.
That doesn’t change.
Tony takes a step forward and fires a repulsor blast.
“My family has a tale, about a Prince, much hated by his King, who was banished to the underworld and jailed there. The evil King gave him the most difficult labor – working the iron pits.” He looks at Tony with an almost unbearable intensity. “Year after year the Prince mined the heavy ore, becoming so strong he could crush pieces of it together with his bare hands. Too late, the King realized his mistake. When he struck at the Prince with his finest sword it broke in half.”
Perhaps Zeus and Hera had been in love, a long time ago, but even then it was not the love of ballads, sonnets, and reverence. It was not the love mortals wrote about in their tales of the gods.
Tony will do whatever it takes to stop him.
“I’m giving you a chance. Come with me and you’ll spend the rest of your days in an expensive jail cell.”
“First Lieutenant Antonius Collins, but all that really matters right now is that I’m Tony, Steve’s friend.”
“Naïve? I was naïve before. I grew up in this. You said, ‘Here’s the line we don’t cross it. This is how we do business.’ Yet in the meantime you’re double-dealing under the table.”
In a few quick gulps Tony chugs it down.
Well, all that matters to them is that it provides some shelter for the night. They don’t have time to properly mourn all of the casualties this war has caused.
Without shame, he looked the boy up and down. Observing. He never knew what his father was looking for.
Odin bowed his head slightly in gratitude, but was looking at Ares. “I thank you for such a kind gift.”
The effect of that is like a shock of cold water. He books it, every thought in his mind dedicated to saving his friends.
The air whips past Tony as he cuts through the clouds.
The other members of the infantry roll their eyes. Sergeant Timothy Dugan, known to some of the others just as “Dum Dum” for reasons none of the others are willing to divulge, shoves Jones away before taking a hearty and suspiciously petulant sip of his drink.
“Uh huh.” Fury meanders away from the window and around the couch. “Probably should have guessed that with the way you completely ignored the cover story we so graciously provided.”
After walking around the trees, Hephaestus found his parents right where Ares said they would be.
The tracker works like a charm. As much as his hands itch to improve the machine, he studies the location that appears on the small screen. Hades was right.
“Oh yes!” Erskine agrees. “Thank you, Mary.” He looks back at Howard and then to Hephaestus. He tries to school his face into an expression that seems apologetic, but fails completely.
“Our,” Zeus tilted the rest of his drink into his mouth. “He is ours. Or did you forget?”
He curses himself for not catching the danger sooner. He knows it wouldn’t have done any good because of course, warning the others is out of the question. Especially if he wants to keep his more than human status a secret.
“Absolutely.”
There was no mercy.
The goal so far, his priority, has always been to return to Olympus. He’s never thought anywhere else was where he belonged. How can a mortal man that he’s known for such a short amount of time make him question that?
“This isn’t a consultation.” Romanoff’s stare truly is distinctly unsettling. She could be a fair match in a staring contest with Athena.
He just put it on the list of things to figure out. Behind
“When–” Pepper whispers, before cutting herself off.
He really needs to get that straight in his head.
So he didn’t stop.
Maybe then Ares will finally see that he’s the warrior he’s always wanted him to be.
It’s a grounding type of pain.
“Pathetic.” The Titan chuckles. He doesn’t hesitate to step forward and overwhelm Tony.
He hears the whirl of Butterfingers disconnecting from the charging station to clean up the mess he made and pats the bot’s strut absentmindedly.
Tony bites back a curse.
He must've caught an expression on the boy’s face because he held his hand the whole way to the throne room.
He doesn’t want to think about the real reason why, but it doesn’t seem to matter because Hephaestus’s feet move in the direction of backstage without his express permission. So he’ll quickly apologize for never giving a proper good-bye. In and out.
The lack of information unsurprisingly makes him a bit jumpier than usual.
“You really think so?” Blue eyes glance at him, and Hephaestus notices how the brightness returns to look even more stunning under the soft glow of a street lamp.
Many of the gods (of course) thought them to be weak. Inferior. But he could not help but be curious.
Against every instinct screaming that this is his last chance to back out, to remain in hiding, Tony squares his shoulders and flips the switch to open the ramp.
Tony forces himself to grab the neckline of his worn t-shirt. He slowly pulls it over his head and easily tosses it onto the counter.
“What’s it made of?”
He doesn’t understand why she leaves, but he knows when the cold sweeps through she can’t be there anymore to soothe away the pain with fresh daffodils and promises of sunshine.
It’s obvious that Azzano left its mark on everyone that got captured, but not everyone was found on an operating table. Not everyone came back with a hauntingly blank look in their eyes that hasn’t gone away even with copious amounts of alcohol. Bucky looks around the room like he doesn’t recognize where they are and the people around them.
Handed his script, Tony begins to read through it.
Hephaestus laughs wearily.
“Unfounded?” Rhodey laughs.
Every word just drives the knife in his back deeper. Twists it. “You know I can’t let you do that.”
Hephaestus can acknowledge the gravity of what Hades is offering, despite the nonchalant tone. The god of the dead is not exactly known for his acts of kindness, but willingly dragging around a deformed, minor god is something anyone would decline.
Tony knows this isn’t the time.
He knew what to do, how to act. He was clever, really clever, and he knew how to behave.
Hephaestus lifts up his hand to watch a small flame he conjured dance on his palm, then between his fingers.
“Ah yes! The hammer is a fine thing, simple but useful.” Ares smiled.
The young god grasps the hand holding him.
To make sure Hephaestus isn’t ditched in a well-intentioned but idiotic attempt at keeping him safe, he grabs a parachute as well.
Death isn't kind. Hephaestus knows that. He does not pretend to care, or pretend to distinguish. There is no difference to him in what he can and cannot take.
In the darkest parts of his thoughts, Steve knows with a bone-deep certainty that if Tony had found out without Bucky there, if Tony had rightfully lashed out at Steve for the lies… he would have let Iron Man end it.
Sure, the thought of the death his own inventions would wrought makes him sick, but without a weapon, Steve can’t protect himself either. Oh the double edged sword…
A stressful day and a half later finds Tony making his first public appearance since being kidnapped. He figures he needs the distraction.
But Bucky isn’t.
Hephaestus looks up with a curse when he hears the evacuation alert and the building plunges into darkness. Reaching out further with his abilities he realizes a countdown has begun. Hephaestus curses even louder.
So she looked at her son, “Hephaestus,” she had muttered, and saw pride for herself alone, because she was going to use him to gain her husband’s attention.
“But what about my purpose?" Hephaestus asks. His frustration is beginning to leak into his words, but he doesn't stop. He can't. "It was my mistakes that caused me to defy the fucking Fates! I should be inventing the weapons Olympus needs. Distractions only keep me from going home.” What is Hades trying to say? He shouldn't be so forgiving with his actions. He's been careless. Selfish…
“Okay.” He repeated.
“When you invited a ninety-pound asthmatic onto my Army base, I let it slide because I assumed he’d be useful to you. Like a gerbil.” The anger Hephaestus feels at
Stane takes a few slow steps forward. “If only you had waited just a little longer. I’d have loved for you to see it when it was done. Being inspired by you and all.” He nods over to the suit.
“Are you sure?”
“What happened to fighting the good fight? The war?” Hephaestus tries not to let his anger for others infect his tone.
“Well, they’re not gonna get it,” Morita says. He’s always been so confident in their abilities. Usually Tony finds it comforting, but the foreboding feeling in his stomach only intensifies.
Just when he thinks he finally lost the two F-22 Raptors though, it all goes to shit.
“Drink up,” Rhodey pushes over a mug of caffeinated goodness and rolls his eyes.
“Why do you not ask Hephaestus what he did today?” Hera spoke evenly. But daggered eyes were aimed at Zeus.
Phillips stares at Hephaestus. “You put a needle in that guy’s arm, it’s gonna come out the other side.”
He would know how any machine works instantly, and would manipulate them with a flick of his wrist.
And waited.
Hephaestus, on the other hand, has gone completely still in shock.
Among the dust and bitter ashes, he rises.
not understanding. Because she did not want to talk to Hephaestus either, but she was going to get his father all worked up for no reason.
He did not say anything, because he understood the benefit. Hephaestus was
“We’ve got your back, man.” Rhodey pulls Tony into his side for a half-hug.
(He knows, with a deep certainty, that it’s December.)
Tony has to muffle his laughter, even though he doesn’t know the context.
They arrived at Camp Lehigh late the night before, after a long and silent drive with Hades.
He had a place there, a purpose.
“Get down!”
Steve snorts immediately, “I’ve tried to enlist five times.”
“These were taken yesterday.”
He really doesn’t want that kind of attention from those three sisters.
and just a
, actually winks at him right before the procedure.
Because he also sees the winter. He sees the time of the year when death sweeps across the landscape and light is hidden. Because she becomes hidden as well.
“But my brother, Ares…” He sounds like he is on the verge of desperation.
Her cheeks were stained with tear tracks and her eyes were wild. She looked absolutely mad.
Hermes doesn’t stop him and Tony just thanks his lucky stars he doesn’t have to deal with that today.
Hephaestus, now determined and his head buzzing with the possibilities, scrambles off the floor to grab a blank sheet of paper from one the desks. He snatches up a pencil and begins drawing what has become so clear in his head.
Steve’s polite smile doesn’t falter, but Hephaestus has to hold back a snort at how absurdly understated that is.
He could feel the Arc Reactor pressing painfully deep into chest from the moment he woke up. Tony assumed it was little more excruciating than usual just because of his disorientation and the sudden transfer of the thing into his body again. Which is another piece of the puzzle in all of this. The reactor must be attached to his soul.
It doesn’t take much to hack into the communication channel SHIELD is using so Tony can hear loud and clear when Steve goads Loki.
“That is correct. But, that’s not what we’re going to be doing first though. Tomorrow, I’m presenting at the Modern Marvels of Tomorrow exhibition. You’ll be helping me backstage and after I’ll introduce you to Doctor Erskine.”
Tony shakes his head and then looks down at his hands. “Weapons I built are being used to kill innocent people.”
Sadly, a normal human sleep schedule isn’t one of them.
Oh, he is sure there will be bugs planted on the premises, but nothing he can’t find and destroy later.
“It’s okay.” Needing to keep up the façade, he doesn’t think he could build weapons for very long anyway.
He knows where this is going and it feels like he’s been gutted. A sharp stabbing pain of regret, self-hatred, and horrifying fear.
He knows that she is respite.
JARVIS is so
What is this alternate reality he’s woken up in? He feels like an intruder in a life that someone is claiming is his own.
“He’s a bully.”
Five miles from the front, Hephaestus has the feeling that even without the humid weather, the oppressive atmosphere would remain. Zeus, after all, didn’t create war.
He is faintly aware that his breathing is starting to sound ragged, but he does not care because
How did he end up with friends like Pepper and Rhodey?
Most of the time Ares let him.
Exhaustion wears on not only his bones but through the very veins that hold his ichor.
My dear
The beard though, the beard is new.
Fighting with her on that just didn’t seem worth it. Not when he’d already put her through so much already.
But fully prepared to see the man somewhat hidden in the shadows of his living room.
Obadiah Stane’s stare never wavers.
Hephaestus can’t see his face, but the voice sends shivers down his spine. He’s never heard Steve sound that angry.
It’ll drain his energy for one thing, but for another he’ll end up going insane. (Can gods even go insane? Probably.)
Fear doesn’t have a place here, even though ice makes the rocky plateau they’re standing on slick and dangerous. Dugan and Dernier adjust a winch at the cliff’s edge without hesitation.
One evening, when he was down in the forge, mumbling his frustration to himself, a loud noise brought his mind from his work.
According to Zeus, he isn’t even worthy of being in his own home. Sure there’s a slim chance that the other Olympians may grudgingly respect Hephaestus if he pulls this off, but that isn’t likely. The only one that would be proud is Ares.
“It’s a valid question!” Rhodey attempts to defend himself. “Well, I mean, I’d be surprised if you know the actual date.”
In technical terms, it’s a multi-isotope radio-decay cell. (A manipulation of the beta decay of Pd-107 ions as an electron source for the electron capture of Pd-103. This is so that in the end, it produces an electrical cell to generate an enormous voltage and current.)
Loki falls and smacks onto the street from the deflection, but Tony isn’t looking at him.
It isn’t until only a few sips are left in his glass, when Tony feels his eyes widen involuntarily.
At three in the morning, no one is around to hear him anyway.
That metal is a reminder of why he can’t go home.
Fed up and aware that there are no witnesses, Tony stalks forward. He doesn’t hesitate to ruthlessly rip the weapon apart with a violent jerk of his hand.
Upon impact, Tony and Thor hurtle through several trees before finally skidding to a stop about a half mile away.
“I’ll let you know.”
He knows he can’t spend all his time trying to figure out why the older god uses magic for some things, and not for others.
Hephaestus’s eyes narrowed.
(Such an everyday occurrence. Just casually kissing Death.)
Fuck this.
(He doesn’t actually know what that looks like, but he heard Steve and some other soldiers talk about the 1932 film so he’s going to pretend it’s a valid claim.)
Stane collapses.
Pepper is up before Tony can even open his mouth.
“Yeah actually.” Steve laughs again, and even though it’s soft, it’s genuine this time. He nods his head over to the staircase and Hephaestus follows so they can both sit down.
Before the harshness of reality snuffed out any lingering hope.
A flame among the darkness, and what many had seen as a guiding light. Upon his birth she had looked upon him with warm eyes and a gentle smile. Held him close to her chest. If he could see her, he would have said that maybe she was truly happy, in that first moment he opened his eyes.
Some days, people from the other realms would travel to see what he made. The Asgardians in particular he remembers, because he gifted them something unintentionally (unwillingly). The hammer, Mjölnir.
(Also, if you haven't seen the original Scarface (1932) I highly recommend it.)
Her eyes looked like daggers staring at her husband.
for Hera. Maybe once she might have desired to feel the emotion, especially after seeing how happy it could make the families she created, but at the end of the day she was a goddess. And goddesses could not afford to feel love.
Bucky interjects with a grin, “What are we waiting for then?”
He tastes endless cups of coffee, ignores the callous and manipulative eyes of Obadiah Stane, finishes his doctoral dissertations for electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, and then physics. He builds, he invents and doesn’t care where they are going or what they are for.
Hephaestus is going to lose it.
Besides the presence of his mother, who is only there to hug him when the weather is warm, he finds another person who makes each memory seem a little less bleak.
“They’re claiming post-traumatic stress. Filing an injunction against you.” Obadiah pats his back with a sad smile. “They want to lock you out so they’re claiming you’re unfit to run the company.”
Rhodey shakes his head with a teasing smile. “Isn’t that Dionysus?”
For a mortal, Steve is scarily intuitive sometimes. It never stops being impressive.
Leaning back, Tony exhales and watches as the clouds of smoke rise and eventually dissipate. “Not like that’s stopping some people,” he murmurs.
Tony has an almost immediate recovery time with the suit, so before long he’s looking down at Thor the Great and Stupid, watching the young Asgardian struggling to get back up again.
The second thought he has is the integration of such an ancient power source with new, clunky technology feels absolutely awful.
Ares used to say it was because Hephaestus was the best at what he did. Why would any other god need to learn if they had him?
He has the same stubborn tilt of his jaw, strong and sure presence. Donned in the Captain America suit, Steve looks as ridiculous and wonderful as always.
The men stare. One raises an eyebrow at Steve’s outfit and shield.
Loki’s armor disappears along with his smile, but Tony doesn’t really see it. Because knowing that he’s only several steps away from a man he thought was escorted by Thanatos almost seventy years ago makes his usual commentary catch in his throat.
Hundreds of years after his encounter with Thor and Odin, and Hephaestus hadn’t changed his routine much. But he had developed and improved his inventions drastically.
“You know what was real bad business…” Private Jim Morita mimes the motion of shooting a Hydra weapon, complete with semi-realistic explosion sounds in the wake of the blue blast.
Ares approached Hephaestus and threw an arm around his shoulder. “What are we discussing?”
“I wanted to say thank you.” Steve begins, once the lights of the barracks are a distant glow. “You’ve done more than you ever had to and I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you for it.”
So he approaches with caution. He makes sure his stance is relaxed and his smile carefree, but his mind is on guard.
Before the end of Reveille, Hephaestus watches a crowd of men rush out of a building far across from him. They all look young, but the voice yelling after them doesn’t seem to care.
With a click, the glass door swings open and two sets of footsteps stalk forward.
Death may have been a constant all his life, but Steve couldn’t stand the idea of losing someone else he cares about. Zemo exposed what he had been denying all along. That he wasn’t a man that couldn’t live without war or a man that could live with war. He was just lost.
They leap.
Howard turns to Hephaestus with a slight smirk. “Come on, then. Now it’s your turn to enlist.”
Hera was bound in chains.
Right now though Hephaestus must follow Hades and Steve for the mission. It doesn’t matter if the new protective side of him is elated that he gets to help Steve.
He claps his hands together. It all looks very odd on the king of the Underworld. “We need to pick a name for you, and change your facial features. You can do the latter yourself, but any ideas about the former?”
Ares cleared his throat from behind, and Hephaestus flinched. He couldn't believe he forgot about his brother.
He has to fix this.
“Tony, what was your favorite thing to do as a kid? It’s been a few days and I still haven’t gotten your full story yet.”
“I’m sorry sir, but the uniforms are only here to be shipped off to Basic. That’s where you can- “
A crimson knight who no longer serves a King.
“Twelve?”
Curious now, but still cautious, Hephaestus slowly walks forward to find Hades underneath a motorcycle of all things. Feeling confusion among the multitude of other conflicting emotions, Hephaestus shuffles forward as asked. He kneels down when beckoned even closer and Hades huffs in irritation before tugging on his son’s sleeve so he topples down beside him.
Why did he skip over that?)
It’s awful, but there’s also such a large part of Tony that’s terrified.
He knows he’s seconds away from losing them and Tony just can’t let that happen. He
“I don’t want you to try to do it. You
Since returning from Afghanistan, Tony set to work on multiple products to make up for the massive hole in his company. They were already somewhat diverse, but maximizing their smartphone tech, vehicles, and robotics divisions with something revolutionary is what he knows will ultimately bring them success.
(The slight frizz to his previously flawless hair does make Tony feel a bit better though.)
“As soon as you’re done call me. I wish more than anything else that it didn’t have to be this way, but it does.” He tries his best to give her a reassuring smile. Tony doubts he succeeds, but Pepper nods anyway. “Rhodey, could you drive her?”
His lips curl into a ghost of a smile, “Why son, I thought you would recognize your own father.”
Maybe if he sees enough of it, he’ll get desensitized and be able to work again without hating himself afterward.
The Arc Reactor works because of its energy. A mortal would die from it, no doubt, but he needs that surge to run through his entire body constantly. It keeps his ichor active. Keeps his body alive.
Steve shakes his head, as if in disbelief of his own behavior, and he should. Steve is so fucking smart. It would be stupid of Hephaestus to think that he wouldn’t notice all of the secrecy. What he doesn’t understand however, is how Steve can be such a fool to talk and confide in Hephaestus despite that.
Stane doesn’t listen.
“I’m guessing you don’t know who it is,” Pepper says, pained.
Tony takes his time walking into the living room.
Without a glamour, the Arc Reactor can be seen sitting several inches into his chest, along with the ugly veins of scarring crawling outward.
“No kidding.” Tony has never been so glad that he can take phone calls internally. Otherwise just the noise alone would screw him over.
Nicholas Joseph Fury may be a problem, but he also unknowingly gave him the best fucking present.
Steve, breath caught, looks at Tony with wide eyes.
He promptly tells his brain to shut up.
He closes his eyes tight enough that he sees flashes of colored light.
After a second though, he shakes his head in resignation. “No hard feelings, kid. You didn’t know.” Tony subtly grimaces, “And before you ask, yes you can keep Mjölnir. For now.”
The pleasure of holding something he created in his palms. The soft glow of heated metal. The intricate beauty of magic and labor fitting together precisely and working in tandem.
Everyone that they hadn’t seen they assumed to be dead. He heard them say that Tony was likely dead. Steve however, didn’t let himself even think about the man who gave him home. The man he betrayed so deeply. That is, until Tony once again did the impossible.
Hephaestus looks up and comes face to face with two men clad in black gear and masks. The Hydra insignia is blood red on their right shoulders.
He shudders.
This is the first mortal he’s ever actually met, and he can’t help but be a bit in awe.
“Hey, I was told to lay low,” Tony points out. “So that’s what I’ve been doing.”
(There's a train of thought that is currently going through suspects of who's responsible for all of this. Persephone easily makes the top of the list. This type of soul and body manipulation is right up her alley. Not to mention the echoes he can still faintly hear of her laughter cheering up a little boy every spring.)
Acting quickly, Hephaestus puts back on his shirt and stands from the small cot. When he’s positive the light isn’t visible and he looks otherwise decent, Hephaestus calls for the visitor to enter.
When his lips meet the glass of a Black Label whiskey all he can taste is dust.
Hades had informed him yesterday that things would move quickly once he met Erskine, and to be ready to work. It looks like he wasn’t lying.
Again, Zeus nodded, but did not really acknowledge his other son.
“You boys don’t plan on walking all the way to Austria?”
It’s too much.
Besides, Steve is still inside the building. He can’t let anything happen to him.
He couldn’t breathe.
The man whips around and upon seeing the way in, grins. Steve gestures for Hephaestus to go first. Hephaestus dramatically puts his hand to his chest, flattered, and when Steve rolls his eyes, still grinning, finally swings down through the roof to the floor below.
He crushes the flame by curling his hand into a fist.
As predicted, a month passes in complete solitude before the machine is done. After, Hephaestus finds himself sitting alone for lunch. The rations have gotten worse if that was even possible, but he shovels it down anyway.
There’s a chirp in response and Tony chokes out a laugh when the useless piece of junk gracelessly drops the blanket on his lap.
They scramble up the staircase. Bucky eyes Hephaestus with clear suspicion. “Who the hell are you?”
She transforms into a woman who only resembles his mother. A woman with blank, dull eyes that fall into wine glasses and a pill bottle.
“Hey Pep, you know that I couldn’t do any of this without you, right?” Tony asks.
“And you’re inclined to agree with them?” Tony asks. Dread growing in his stomach like a poison.
“Hades.”
Even mortals of stronger standing than the odd human.
Hephaestus jumps.
And that certainty, deep down, that admits Thor is just the poor soul on the other side of his grief-fueled wrath, begins to rise to the surface.
Hephaestus decided to trust him.
“You are a disaster.” Tony shakes his head, but a fond smile sneaks onto his face. “Get away from the cars or you’ll be recycled into one.”
When Loki and Fury are finally done comparing dick sizes, Tony waves away the prisoner feed to the background of his mind in favor of the conversation starting in the chosen briefing room.
“What, are we taking everybody?” One of the men say, clearly talking about the Asian man released from another cell.
hoping that civilization would find him eventually.
Steve, who is everything he knows a hero should be, raises a hand. He’s breathtakingly brave because Tony can’t even find it in himself to speak and this man, fingertips shaking, brings a hand up to gently touch Tony’s face.
“Sir, Rogers is only on loan to the USO. Officially, he is still SSR,” Carter says.
Ineffective.
After wandering for a while, he makes his way to the training yard. It’s fairly easy to find with all of the screaming.
Zeus and his brothers and sisters united against Kronos and the other Titans, and a vicious battle swept the Earth and displaced the universe surrounding it.
Hephaestus keeps himself hidden one flight below the men. Schmidt and Steve slowly walk to meet on the catwalk. “So the old man managed it after all. Not quite an improvement, but impressive.”
“America. 1943.”
Steve had so much he wanted to say to Tony and yet his mind went frustratingly blank whenever they made even the briefest of eye contact.
It’s only when Bucky catches Steve’s eyes that something flickers back to life in his otherwise emotionless eyes.
Steve doesn’t deserve this.
With no other information available, Tony just resigns himself to keep an eye on it.
Steve is unfairly magnetic and no matter how much the practical side of his brain warns him against it, Hephaestus can’t stay away.
“Well, besides punching Hitler in the jaw over a hundred times, I’m helping the war effort. At least, that’s what Senator Brandt says.” Steve looks down at his hands.
Hades is way too fond of dramatics.
Suddenly desperate to keep the conversation going, he glances around for a new topic and spots a recruitment center coming up as they walk.
“Your father and mother are fighting viciously, but it is not like the usual bickering.”
Horrifyingly, a suit of armor looms beside him, the reflection of Tony’s own if through a monstrous fun-house mirror.
“I wish I could tell you I was doin’ something for kicks, but there was a message from the higher ups at headquarters.” Bucky sounds resigned.
The spark that constantly emitted around him has disappeared, leaving Artemis’s moon as the only source of light. “You,” the Asgardian pauses, reverent now, “you are the all-taming artist. Hephaestus.”
He has no idea what is going to happen today, or what responsibilities he’ll be given.
Incandescent with the blue glow of his chest and eyes.
“You’re a liar, Captain. You pretend to be a simple soldier. But in reality you’re just afraid to admit we’ve left humanity behind.” Schmidt walks over to the elevator with Zola, still speaking and gesturing like he’s giving Steve some profound knowledge. “Unlike you, I embrace it proudly. Without the masquerade... without fear.”
“Well, Phillips realized he wasn’t getting the army he was promised. It’s just me. From the way things sounded it was either this or being stuck in a lab.”
“All right. If you need me to pitch them something...” The concern in his tone isn’t fake, but the resigned trust is.
He’d been both beat and beat up by Hodge’s elbow on the obstacle course and placed last for push-ups, pull-ups, and sprints. But Steve hadn’t once wavered, not once complaining or falling out of line.
Tony becomes fire, inside and out. His rage, his avenging burns.
“I think you want to though.”
Being around Tony only causes pain.
“Let’s test that.” Without any further hesitation, the pin is pulled and hurled toward the recruits. He vaguely hears a shout –
“Thank you.” Tony successfully keeps his voice from wavering, but it’s still softer and more genuine than he’d like to admit.
Steve was asked to go to a meeting with Carter and the others specializing in strategy so Hephaestus figured he’d have the chance to slip away.
Hit after hit, blow after blow, Thor and Tony go ‘round and ‘round.
Then he’d have an even bigger problem.
And well, it’s only a six hour flight from the military base to Malibu.
“I know I’m a Lieutenant, but you can’t seriously believe I have that much influence?” Hephaestus frowns.
The group, the Ten Rings, want him to build a weapon.
Hephaestus nodded eagerly.
Last he checked Medusa was still creeping around the Underworld with her frighteningly hideous Gorgon sisters.
Today’s occasion, even if it’s technically for him, is going to be the same thing. That’s the way it has to be though if Tony wants to play the game.
Tony easily rips open the box, but his hands are gentle when they reach to remove the soft terry cloth.
Thankfully they don’t bother them again, suspicions calmed.
According to Hades, it’s his personal lab, which makes Hephaestus insanely curious.
A few hours out from Malibu, Rhodey calls. “Hey, cupcake.”
Surprisingly, it’s Steve who tentatively opens the door. “I know it’s late, but I was wondering if I could talk to you?”
Tony is once again left wondering how he ever got so damn lucky.
“Captain America’s sidekick!” with a slam of his recently emptied drink on the table, Dugan turns to Hephaestus with an accusatory finger. “Don’t think you’re off the hook for giving us that gas.”
He smacks his lips in contentment before speaking. “I didn’t think you’d still be around, buttercup.”
“Are there any others? A Sergeant James Barnes?”
“No they won’t.” Hades leans forward to grasp the edge of the table. His knuckles turn white.
Hephaestus would probably have to apologize to the Drama King of the Underworld for doubting Phillips’s word. That is if, you know, he actually voiced his uncertainty. (Hades has been strangely missing, but also he is not about to accuse the
“You don’t like music?” Bucky asks. Hephaestus finally notices that he’s trying to flirt with the agent and failing spectacularly. He’d laugh at Bucky’s expense, but the reason for Carter’s cold shoulder makes something inside Hephaestus twist in pain.
.”) looks shiny and grand, but Hephaestus could spot errors within the mechanisms immediately. He actually tried to tell Hades, but to his frustration only got waved off.
Dernier schools his face into something solemn.
“What? I… Sorry.” He blinks hard enough to make his eyes ache, then forces himself to look away from his past.
“Where is he?” Tony demands.
Tony hopes that this won’t end up putting a target on his back again. Either way he has to follow through, but a god can dream right?
He takes a breath and turns to walk away.
“So young for such an unforgiving fall. Zeus can be so impulsive. He often doesn’t think about the consequences.”
Tony wants a drink. He
“Yes, I’m here to pick up a uniform. It’s under the name First Lieutenant Antonius Collins.”
It’s probably too much to ask for The Bride to totally disregard his unwillingness to show his face, but he hopes that she’ll write it off as paranoia or fear of the Asgardian.
There’s no guard. There’s no one around at all.
He’s grateful for it.
That didn’t happen though. Instead, Steve denounced his name as Captain America.
Not if he wants to avoid another run in with a Titan.
They slowly walk through the car and begin to cross over to the next one when the door suddenly
“Hey, I ain’t judging. We’re all going to hell anyway.” Bucky’s smile is teasing, but there’s a sincerity in his tone that throws Tony off.
The air is thin and the snow is thick. Clouds look like fog around the mountains surrounding Tony and his team.
Pepper’s mouth twitches, repressing a smile. Tony decides the pain is worth it.
Zeus believed that his son should be like Ares, or even Athena, goddess of wisdom and strategy. For they were warriors, and knew the importance of a fight.
Both bowed their heads back in politeness, but Ares responded, “Well we enjoy the company of Asgardians, and wish you well with what we can.”
What Tony really hates however, is that he still couldn’t tell you what the fuck happened.
“I think that’s the first time someone has referred to me and calm in the same sentence.”
Well he may not be a good Samaritan, but damn it all to Styx, it’s got his attention.
He also understands that time is the only thing that can calm them, so he sets to work instead.
“Hydra is still out there. When I was scouring the factory I found a map with the locations of the other bases. Where the bombs are going remains unknown, but with some help of course, I’ve been granted the privilege of lighting a fire under Johann Schmidt’s ass in the meantime.”
“You don’t know the year?” Rhodey sounds doubtful now.
He can’t help but imagine though the pull
Tony never did get to see himself in the mirror after he fell and had to install it. Hades was quick to place the glamour and he didn’t say anything was wrong, well besides the damn hole in his chest of course.
Hephaestus knew all of this, even without ever seeing his father regularly. He didn’t need Ares to tell him.
He doesn’t know what he wants anymore. Someone else clearly wanted him here, but why the fuck should it matter to him?
“Look who’s finally awake.” Rhodey smiles. He’s scrapping a pan of scrambled eggs onto a plate.
Afraid of his feelings because he knew that the guilt would consume him otherwise. Tony has always been opposed to the manufacturing of weapons and he did it anyway.
“I’ll start up the plane,” Hades says. He turns with a wink in Hephaestus’s direction and doesn’t turn around to see if the two other men follow.
, Tony thinks, shifting into park,
Steve squints at the General. “Is this a test?”
“You can’t give me orders!” Hephaestus is stunned to hear a bit of amusement in Howard’s tone.
He always wondered what his brother actually did down there, but never dared to ask. All he knew was that when Ares was missing, it was likely he was on Earth. (“They
“Happy belated Birthday, man.” Rhodey smiles and lifts his glass in greeting.
Tony pushes his chair away from the work table and exhales.
After a few minutes of staring at the schematics he drew without actually reading them, Hephaestus looks up at his father. “Would you mind if I used the lab? I’d like to join Steve’s team, but he’ll need more than a god to protect him.”
It’s completely ridiculous and unfair.
In the end, he nods once. To his surprise Hades returns it.
Tony wants to yell. He wants to scream.
Schmidt presses the button to close the elevator without a response. Hephaestus curses loudly. Sure he knows who has the power source, but he can’t do anything at the moment about the monster who fucking has it.
The man in question is already moving, his face betraying his panic. “
” He cuts himself off. Takes a shaky breath in. Out.
“You’re not going to get anywhere with him if you don’t force it. The only way to do that however, is to have something that he wants. Your abilities are clearly not enough, considering we’re in this situation in the first place.”
Attempting to act casual, Tony throws out a joke. “Still, you are pretty spry, for an older fellow.” He chuckles. The suit’s speakers don’t catch it, but Tony winces at how forced it sounds. “What's your thing? Pilates?”
It doesn’t take long.
It’s B – A – R –”
“Strong like you?” Tony asks. “How did you get out of Tartarus then? Empty prayers don’t help in an escape.”
A quick combing through his systems didn’t reveal much. The only thing that warranted suspicion was a cryptic message sent by Fury’s phone.
He gets himself to nod instead. “Of course, sir. I’m here to help as much as I can.”
Pepper doesn’t say anything, but a Gorgon’s piercing stare is less terrifying than the look she’s giving him.
So she waited in her chambers.
Who in Olympus’s name decided this was a good idea?
“Your mother has been lying to you for a very long time, boy.”
Tony is bending his head to put on the necklace before he can even think about it. A movement of a possessed man that knows what he needs if only deep in his very soul.
Pepper closes her eyes and shakes her head, pained. “I’m not helping you with anything if you’re just going to start all of this again.”
Every word sets Tony’s muscles to coil tighter and tighter. A spring ready to snap at any second.
Pepper steps forward and reads, her brow furrowing more and more as each second passes. “We cancelled every military contract.”
“Who are you supposed to be?”
He’s never been so proud to make something worthy of a man like Steve.
Ares taught him about being a warrior. About war.
The impact sends him flying backward, and he can’t tell which way is up for a few disorienting seconds.
Ares smiled. “Here we go.” He said, and rapped on the door.
“Yeah,” Rhodey says. “It’s funny, because it looks like someone stepped in and destroyed those weapons for you.”
He sighs, “Erskine said that the super-soldier will get an absurd amount strength, but no sudden military knowledge, so look out for that.”
Someone is forcing Tony to step back into the world of gods and Titans.
“I miss you.” The admission is barely a whisper. His hands grasp the jade green blades.
A man Tony quickly identifies through public records as Nicholas Joseph Fury is attempting to break into his home. By trying to shut down JARVIS no less.
Tony Stark was a mess for over a decade, he doesn’t blame them.
“I really wish you attended it. Could have gone better if you were there,” Obadiah says.
“What do you need us to do?” Pepper studies the small piece of tech with confusion.
The identification tags burn in his hand, but he quickly pulls the necklace over his head and around his neck. He tucks the plates under his shirt.
“Gods,” Tony says, wistful. “Can you imagine?”
Zeus looked worse.
Not that he would say anything, but the god of fire thought that it was a little bit over the top.
– rolls his eyes.
The Arc Reactor is a strange thing.
Hephaestus shrugs, unsure of how to respond to the praise from this god, so powerful and full of things he’ll never understand. This god who is his real father.
Steve returns the grin and walks back over to take the empty seat next to Hephaestus. He would wonder why Steve is choosing these men, but from the easy camaraderie he saw between Bucky and the others, it’s likely because of a glowing review.
His sadness is a complicated, knotted up mess that lodged right in his chest. Tangled in self-hatred, anger, and lost time.
Zeus was off, seducing a new woman that had caught his eye.
Not even one moment later, the second Asgardian arrives.
Rhodey takes in Tony’s appearance, from the grease stained sweatpants to the bruises under eyes that are too ashamed to meet his.
“Okay. I’ll go.” He looked toward the door, “Where are they now?”
Feet squared, and shoulders forcibly pushed back, Tony forces himself to look up at Thor.
The GI’s are only at this camp to receive more orders before returning to the front. It should be a reprieve in theory, but the conditions look so horrible that he doubts that’s even possible. Soldiers seem to own almost no possessions and a lost limb revealing uncensored gore isn’t an uncommon sight.
“It is so important for you to know where you come from and what the universe was like before Zeus became the ruler of Olympus.”
Operating under the assumption that the fight is over for now, he begins to track down the repressed furry (Why
Tony’s home will always be the forge. The heat of metal against calloused skin shaping it into something extraordinary.
Tony sighs, aware there’s no point in lying anymore. “Palladium. It keeps my ticker going, but long term exposure has its side effects.”
Sweat beads, drips down his neck. Their time is up and the march of the approaching guards is a threat. An unfulfilled promise.
If having Steve’s back was possible while following the older god’s instructions well then, he just had to consider that a bonus.
Until 12 pounds (
“Tony? Steve?”
Hephaestus forces his voice to be loud enough for all of the men to hear. “The tree line’s northwest, about 80 yards from the gate. From there, you just follow the creek bed.”
He is still reeling about what Bucky is blatantly implying though.
“Likewise. I’ve read and heard about your work. It sounds like what you're doing will bring about a lot of change.”
in ways he could never be.
It’s odd, because before his memories merged, Tony knows he would be doing the opposite. He can picture himself talking to Obadiah easily, almost manic with the pitching of ideas he has to keep the company afloat.
His status as a god has brought him and those he cares about nothing but pain.
Tony restrains himself from quipping back bitterly that there’s no omnipotent God in this universe, only gods. And they’re all assholes.
It isn’t hard to guess who the being is in front of him, but damn it, he doesn’t want to voice it. He doesn’t want to be right.
He’s fighting his body to keep upright, but he can’t even bring himself to be upset at Hades for placing such vivid memories of this.
Tony wants to throttle the twerp.
“The project enhances everything, correct?” Hephaestus looks at the Doctor.
He thought it was impossible, but all of Tony’s thoughts halt for a few precarious seconds. Too much all at once, it’s as if his mind has been completely overloaded. Blue screen.
Asgardians were a peculiar race to Hephaestus. Them being mortal, but with longer lifespans and the reputation of real gods.
. Hephaestus needs to be realistic. He’ll be on Olympus and Steve will be on Earth. Fighting for what is right if his plan to fix the machine is successful. He’ll make sure it is.
Of course, the opposite happens and a fight breaks out.
Steve fidgets before reaching for a book that Hephaestus didn’t notice was next to them on the staircase. The cover and spine are worn thin, well loved.
Like he’d tell them anything.
The accusation hangs in the air for a few seconds. Tony understands. He really does, but that doesn’t mean he wishes more than anything that they’d understand.
It wasn’t always perfect, but Olympus was his home for so long.)
He just knows, in a deep part of his consciousness that has not awakened yet, that she is giving him everything she can.
Those blue eyes are painfully genuine though. Any argument he might have had dies before it can be spoken. And for some reason, he’s glad he can’t find a retort or ugly response.
Yet here he is, saying he’d never leave him. Not where it matters.
“Barnes?” Steve nods. Phillips picks up a thick sheaf of letters, leafing through the first few. “I’ve signed more condolence letters today than I’d care to count. But the name does sound familiar. I’m sorry.”
After a few close calls and a barrel roll or three Tony does successfully stop himself from being blown up.
Not anymore.
Hephaestus doesn’t understand how such a short time, especially to a god thousands of years old, could wind him up so quickly. The nerves threaten to consume his every thought.
Tony grins. It’s really too bad he can’t tell Banner about how he solved that particular problem himself a long time ago. He’ll have to settle for befriending his new science bro instead. “Finally, someone who speaks English.”
The pout on Steve’s face is totally not the most adorable thing Hephaestus has ever seen. Nope.
Maybe it’s because his mind short-circuits every time he thinks about it.
“You guys still don’t get it,” Tony says, his voice beginning to raise into a desperate crescendo. “I’ve been locked out my own company. There is nothing else. There’s no board meetings. There’s no benefit. There’s nothing to sign.” He takes a deep breath. “There’s the next mission and nothing else. There’s nothing except this.”
Tony scowls at the action and it deepens even further when Pepper hands it back to him without even looking.
But that brings up the question once again of why the fuck would she do something so nice for him in the first place?
No, that’s when he’s actually walking toward his car to leave the opening ceremony.
Tony bites out a sarcastic retort, but his gaze falls to Maria. He hopes with everything he is that she isn’t leaving too. That maybe he’s wrong and Life will return.
Hades analyzes the bike with a practiced gaze. “How?”
Hephaestus does remember seeing how close to Zeus he was. Ares said Hermes was his righthand. His confidant.
Then Loki’s smile, previously curled in amusement, slowly begins to fall as he raises the scepter.
Tony barely remains standing when Vanko tries to throw him. He grits his teeth behind the mask, brought down to one knee, and keeps one arm raised as he grips the line.
All he’s been able to think about is protecting Steve. He keeps catching himself forgetting about the mission and Hermes. He might have to steal Zeus’s fucking lightning bolt for fucks sake. Hephaestus doesn’t belong here. Because really, what is he if not a god of Olympus? The only thing that he can offer that deserves respect is weapons.
He works through the night.
“I do not doubt your intentions,” he stated coldly.
“Dr. Banner is only here to track the cube.” Fury interrupts. He strides into the room, tarnishing Tony’s already fragile good mood with every step he takes.  “I was hoping you might join him, Stark.”
There were warm arms around him. Lips painted like peonies that bloomed into the gentlest smile.
(He doesn’t really succeed.)
He has to try.
you?” His back hits the railing of the reactor.
“Swell.” Hades repeats, smile thin. “Well not that I’ve run out of gas here, but I’ve gotta ditch this joint to finish up some of my projects. I’ll see you all later.”
It doesn’t take long for anti-aircraft guns to hammer the plane once they get into enemy territory. Steve stands up to grab a parachute. Hephaestus wants to point out that they were supposed to go all the way in, but if the stubborn set of Steve’s jaw is any indication, he won’t listen.
also a genuine question, how close to canon do you want this fic to be? i'm tying in a lot of elements, but for example, i'm thinking of just scrapping age of ultron entirely. thoughts? lemme know. i am conflicted.
Maybe he’s insane, but rebuilding what let him escape in the first place is all Tony can think of to really keep that promise.
Whatever the organization is, Howard was involved.
In the middle of his torso, carved out in a horrendous jagged shape, sits a large chunk of metal. Rusty wires are attached to the device, and his eyes follow them to a machine that looks very, very similar to a car battery.
After a second, Steve shakes his head and stands. Tony follows his lead only a few seconds later, ignoring the ache of his protesting body. He knows he’s getting weaker, but he can’t afford to worry about it right now. He’ll handle it later.
There’s a pause.
“Get back in the lab and work your magic. I can handle the board.”
He doesn’t like what he finds.
If Hades has a problem, he can just deal with it.
He sees ivory keys. Neat fingers guiding his smaller ones to play a soft melody.
His mother was beautiful.
He knows it doesn’t mean anything to him personally, but sudden flashes of bodies and blood and death invade his mind anyway.
Sometimes the universe just loves to fuck with him.
Tony takes a sip of his smoothie that has a suspicious tang of oil in it.
Silence.
Tony grins, moving his eyebrows in a way that's too ridiculous to be taken seriously. Let alone as something actually flirtatious.
He makes conversation with them, uncaring if he comes off like an idiot. Ignoring that he’s trying to make them laugh, because he understands how priceless joy is to a soldier when every other part of war is so horrific.
After black ties and even blacker coffins, the pace of the flashbacks seem to pick up even more if that is even possible.
(Reuniting with JARVIS, Dum-E, U, and Butterfingers may or may not result in a few tears.)
His repulsors send him careening downward at a speed that would make any reasonable pilot wince. However, Tony is slightly too pissed off to care.
The more weapons he made, the more there was to learn.
“General Colonel Phillips. This is the assistant I’ve been talking about, First Lieutenant Antonius Collins.”
What he didn’t
before giving into his heavy eyelids and the dark bliss of unconsciousness.
Hephaestus looked at Ares with wide eyes.
Tony closes his eyes.
Right?
He’s been a coward.
That earns a laugh, even though it’s a little bitter. Tony understands that sentiment.
None of that seems to matter though.
They both do not speak for a few minutes, but Hades eventually breaks the silence. “Well I cannot tell you the reasoning behind it, but right now,” he stands, and the god of fire watches a shift occur in Hades. The immense power is gone, leaving behind an empty feeling in its wake, “I’m Howard Stark.”
The intruder does move toward the front door, but comes to a stop when he’s only a foot away from Tony. “We’ll be in touch.”
Tony wishes desperately that it didn’t have to have be this way.
. It was all gone. It was all gone, and he knew it was his fault.
. He is ignored.
Hephaestus –
The young god, now looking like the age of a human teenager, replied, “Do you think I’m not giving myself deadlines, Ares?”
He wondered how they could evolve with such short lifespans, but summed it up to the gods’ involvement.
(Which in and of itself makes Tony crave a stress ball.)
to run the company–”
He was also told the recruits had bunked in the barracks, and he would have to use a separate, smaller building.
Hermes is
Unable to think of anything in response to Hades and his statement (why does he want to say death sentence?), Hephaestus leaves the older god alone. He latches onto the motorcycle they were working on earlier and tries to focus on that instead.
“Hey, bud. Got something for me?”
messenger. Trusted for being reliable and keeping secrets to himself. It’s how he gained Zeus’s favor. It makes sense that the King of Olympus isn’t the only one who likes Hermes. And considering his titles, Hades must’ve gotten a kick out of the golden boy being a thief.
Hephaestus doesn’t say
Bucky looks over at Steve.
He got into SHIELD’s system almost immediately after stepping onto the Helicarrier. Tony is very aware he should really be joining the soirée in person, but he needed a chance to process the situation alone first.
Steve turns to Hephaestus. His smile from the previous pleasantries is gone. Hephaestus can’t look away from those serious blue eyes even if he wanted to.
He is pure energy. He is a
He wants to talk to her so badly. Get some answers.
He felt like a jester, sent to entertain the king, desperately trying to make them laugh. A fool.
He’s in his bathroom. The tile beneath his feet are cool and his reflection shows normal blue eyes again.
he says through the connection.
Because with all the chaos and confusion, the identity crisis and fucking kidnapping, this is the one thing he
JARVIS and his dry tone never fails to make Tony laugh.
He thinks about the innocent lives killed, not from his ignorance, but his deliberate choice to turn a blind eye, to stop caring.
It’s exactly 5 a.m. according to the clock on the wall, and Hephaestus did not get any sleep.
“Well, you run the company,” he points out. “I just realized that, that is.”
He just wants to do his job so he can stay.
“Can you track the original power source?”
(That blond one had a lot to learn.)
The whole world mourned and all Steve could do was selfishly think of his own loss, those in his own life being ripped away
