Steve let go as soon as he was against the wall, frowning at him , the image of tony sitting outside the gym protecting his ribs making a reappearance in his head. He couldn’t help but wonder if tony was hurt more severely than he let on.
“He’s fine, doing better. Woke up last night but he insisted we let you sleep.” Clint said knowing he needed to give him an update about Tony first.
Steve had switched off both the comms before the debrief and he picked up the one Tony had given him switching it on again. He didn’t know if Tony would still have his , it had been a good two hours since he had it turned off.
He asked Tony to stay put as he slipped out into the hallway and walked to the nurses station to ask for the wrap. Truth be told Steve did finally understand what Tony meant by the nurse being kinda scary once he saw and felt pity for the kids who had to see her. It was rather funny , she was a large women about 5 ft 9 inches and wore a glare on her face like a permanent tattoo.
"Tony! hey, focus on me! You are okay. Come on, drink this" My breath eventually evened out and and fatigue took over. I listed backward into Steve as he held me up while Natasha held the glass up once again. I drank the water feeling my heart rate start to slow. Nothing more was said. I settled back into Steve's arms and the movie was resumed and everyone's focus went back to Simba and Nala singing.
“Good morning” Steve said trying to tame his hair a little and Tony smiled sloppily at him and Steve figured he was still under the influence of the sedative.
“sweetheart , you need some help okay? Just let me help you please “
upon getting closer, Bruce looked almost nervous and at the same time somewhat troubled. His index finger was rhythmically tapping on the tray in front of him.
“Yeah, have a nurse wrap his torso in cellophane before and don’t use very hot water and I suggest you do it now, he is a little doped up, won’t feel the pain of moving around"
“I asked you for it  why are you apologizing?” he asked looking genuinely confused
"tony"
“okay, that’s fine. Its okay" he said ,but it was mostly to himself and they kept quiet making their way back to wards the team and natasha gave him a questioning look but Steve shook his head ever so slightly and she got the hint.
“He used to drink until he couldn’t think anymore” and Tony’s face turned into a smirk
“Did you let him see me like that?” nat said voice clear as day like she didn’t just wake up. She was leaning against the the back of the couch brushing her hair with her fingers
“Okay, I’ll handle it.”
“yeah , get coffee" he said pouting with puppy dog eyes.
“what’s that?” steve asked, worried at how serious things had gotten in just a few minutes.
“just peachy” he rasped, obvious that his voice was rough from swallowing the water. Steve nodded at him knowing that the enhanced armor would pick it up and dove right back into the battle.
Preparations started early. This day was especially important to get as many potential sponsors as possible. Beauty or charisma always attracted the attention of these people. Steve needed one of them. The beauty part was in the hands of the stylist Cinna. The man of Steve's age was extremely talented. Besides, he always gave Rogers the most normal clothes possible, which he quite enjoyed.
"Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be ever in your favor!"
"Mr. Rogers, those fruits were not", he hesitated.
"Yes! I promise", said Steve. The boy released the disc before being caught by the blonde in a strong hug.
"What a relief", sarcasm molded Steve's tone. The man was excited to postpone his death. Fury simply narrowed his eyes.
"Thank you, Captain Rogers", Peter said with a threat of a smile. Steve did not hide his displeasure before responding firmly.
- Yes. I drew last month. After our mission in Belgium. - Tony raised a eyebrown. He focus was definitely on It now.
Nick Fury approached Steve. The instructor seemed determined, but his eyes were heavy. All that remained was to wait for sponsors to decide to help Steve.
Surprise passed through Steve's face, even though he expected a similar attitude from a winner of the Games. No one lovely could really win them.
It did not make sense. Why had that flood stopped as soon as they got where they wanted to? The answer came very quickly. After another glance at the lake, Steve caught sight of something floating in the murky water. The tribute os district 3. Before thinking about what to do next, the district 1 careerist came out from behind a few rocks. He carried a huge ax in his hands. His face was pure anger.
In the little room where he slept with his mother, Steve realized that the woman was already in deep sleep. The dish with flour was showing that the middle-aged woman had already fed. That reassured Steve for a few seconds.  Before he could think of what to expect of the next morning. A few hours separated him from the day of the harvest.
A few hours passed before Steve felt little drops on his skin. It began to rain. The idealizers of the games must have been bored and decided to liven up the situation a little.  Steve shuddered when he realized the drops caused a slight burn. Not enough to be classified as a burn.  But the rain seemed to increase at torrential levels. He needs to get Peter out. Shook and pulled the boy when a huge lightning struck a tree only ten feet away. The message was clear. Steve and Peter started running in zigzag movements, heading west. The two of them were already soaked and the rain did not pass any signal that would pass early. A step from Steve was always followed by lightning. In between the thunderstorms a cannon was heard. Someone was not as fortunate as them. The young men kept running. When they stepped into a pool, they spotted a lake and the rain abruptly stopped. One more day had begun. The tributes stopped gasping.
"Your sponsor's here", said Fury.
"On the three", said the blonde as he prepared to put the food in his mouth. "One...two... ", before the tributes' lips touched the fruit, a cannon sounded. It was not the one that Steve had heard so many times.
The population of the coal district was crowded into the square. Eyes fixed on the big screen in front of the square when Effie Tricket, in her painfully colored clothes and shrill and annoyingly cheerful voice, said.
"Now tell me. Who's waiting for you at home?". The change of subject did not surprise Steve.
- Really? - said a indigant Tony - I didn't even wake up yet - and started following a hurried Steve.
The harvest was the ceremony in which a resident of each of the 12 districts was drawn to be a representative at the Hunger Games. Twelve people, men and women, children and adults, from 14 to 25 years old killing themselves in an arena created by the Capital.  President Stark, in his 68 years, had repeated the phrase enough times that neither Steve, nor the thousands of residents of the country, would forget.  Nothing can outweigh the power of the Capital. With this idea, 98° editions of the games remained firm.
"You clearly think you know who I am. Well, guess what? You don't know. I helped you in the arena because I felt it was the right thing to do. Because I believed in you.  Now it's up to you to believe on that or not", Tony argued intensely. "You'll realize, Rogers, that I am not like the others". The blonde was surprised at the seriousness and determination in his voice. It was definitely not the way people of the Capitol talked. "You better go, your trainers should be looking for you.  We have a coronation to do", Stark finished and simply walked out the door, not taking a second look at Steve.
"Why are you doing this?". The boy sat with his hands clasped to his knees, showing some fear. "I mean, why are you helping me?"
"Without further ado, let's get to know the brave tribute of District 12", Effie said as she moved and shuffled the damn little papers that would end someone's life. District 12 would never have a chance to win the games. Not when there were Districts that trained their children to volunteer for games.
"Truth?", Peter wept. The disc had moved a few millimeters from his throat.
"No! No, please, Mr. Rogers. Please!". Tears streamed freely across the boy's face. He cried unconscionably. Steve can not help feeling his own eyes start to burn.
Night had come nearer the arena.  Steve realized that he would sleep on that branch.  Hoping that no mortal ant would kill him during the few minutes he would allow himself to close his eyes. Before losing consciousness, Rogers tried to think how Fury had gotten that patronage that allowed him to live for a few more hours. With a heavy mind he could not imagine arguments that would convince anyone to help him.
"A question. I'll see if my effort will be worth it". The man began with exactness. "Why should I help you?"
Before he realized two days had passed. The 99th edition of the Hunger Games will officially start today. Steve was already dressed in beige pants, a white T-shirt and a black jacket. Beneath his sleeve was a small brooch of a blue and red star, a small reference to America that people seemed unable to disassociate their image.
"You are good at it", began the tribute.
As they were lifted by the flying vehicle of the capital, something came back to Peter's mind.
When Effie cheerfully quoted the name written on the piece of paper.  Steve felt fatigue, pain, and his breath came off.  Another year had passed. His name had not been called. But Harley Brandon's had. The boy froze at the sound of his name.  He was only 14 years old. It was one of the children Steve watched grow. How many times had not he hunted to help Harley's mother care for her three children? It never crossed his mind that this boy could be called, it was only one name in thousands. Several, like Steve's, repeated several times by the need to put food on the table.  Maybe that was why Steve had not thought twice about standing in front of the boy and as quietly as he could say,
"Just think about it when the time comes. We still have three competitors out there", the man said as he grabbed one of the rabbit's thighs and handed it to Peter. He unfortunately could not do what he had just advised the boy.
"Do not come near!", cried the child.
"I am not the most worthy to win. Maybe I'm not the one with the most need, or the desire to be the winner", Steve began hesitantly.
"Let's continue with the initial plan", Cinna seemed to love the old military style. The man said that the determination in the blond's eyes as he volunteered for Harley Brandon made him look like a young soldier.  Well, that was definitely the fight of Steve's life. So he was not surprised when his stylist appeared in a dark blue uniform that definitely highlighted his eyes. Brooches adorned his chest. The clothes could exude authority.
The sound of crushed twigs woke Steve up. When he opened his eyes, he realized that the dawn was approaching. The noise came from the footsteps of a masculine tribute that he could not recognize. The competitor seemed to be extremely oblivious to Steve's presence in that tree. Rogers had planned for things to go on like this. Odds really weren't in his favor. An attempt to hide was interrupted by the twitching of a branch. Instantly the boy rolled his eyes and caught sight of Steve.
"Remember the one who avoided your death once or twice?". Sarcasm dominated the man's voice. Rogers decided to ignore it.
"You're a lot harder to deal with than I thought", Tony said. "This behavior is making me question certain decisions made". Tony paused at Steve's confused look. He was too serious, Stark thought. An interesting contrast to the little stolen smiles in the arena. This should happen when you realize that a situation suddenly ceased to be deadly. "Okay Rogers. Straight to the point. I ... I just liked you".
"I suppose you have not found water yet", Steve said. Peter just shook his head.
"Are you the mechanic?". Steve asked. Not taking Stark's eyes off, the winner asked. "The one who sent me the parachutes?" he added with genuine confusion. "Why?"
"Oh no", the teenager began. "My parents died when I was little. My aunt liked to study plants and vegetation. She teached me". Peter replied with a look that showed that old memories were being revived.
"Okay", said the blond in a low voice. Nick studied it for a few moments before repeating two words.
After a few moments he realized that everyone's attention was distant from him. Well, all of them except  a young man in his 18s.  The dark-haired man looked puzzled.
"Thank you ", Steve whispered, looking nowhere in particular.
"No!", cried Peter angrily. The boy rested his eyes on the bloody disk that had been left on the floor and grabbed him before Steve could even figure out exactly what would happen. The brunett carried the sharp material close to his jugular.  No, no, that could not be real.
He was even quick to strike his knife precisely at the reptile, that lost his head. Rogers did not have time to continue his journey before another snake got in his way. And one more. And other. Slowly moving his neck, Steve noticed that tens, maybe hundreds of those animals were already around him. Increasing his grip on the knife he wore, he started to reach all that green. In each snake that killed, two more appeared. Steve tried to retreat towards a tree. With only three motions and the aid of the cutting material, Steve clung to one branch, then another, sprang up and hit the top of the tree. Unfortunately not before he felt excruciating pain in his left ankle. The tribute twisted at that time. Thanks God the Capitol serpents could not climb trees. His participation in the games would be very fast. If It won't be already, considering the bite marks on his leg.
"I said handsome, actually", tried Tony one more time. "Bad start, I'll admit. It's just ... you're different. After what you did to help the kid of your district, and then Peter, I could not let you die", he paused. "Not one more". The brown eyes seemed to be hazy with past memories.
"America!". There's a shout from the audience.
- Why? - He couldn't finished the reclamation before Steve lips were put on his. The tall man brought Tony to laid on top of him. He got pressed on the couch. - May I keep this? - Stark manages to said between the kisses, that only got deeper. Steve smiled and returned to cover the brunette's mouth.
Steve was lifted by a platform. The 60-second count will begin. He only managed to focus on the green surrounding the arena. A forest, he sighed. Maybe he had a chance after all. And the cannons sounded.
Steve was ready to push the metal. The Captain America focus was full on him. Tony found that fascinated.
"Liked me? It has improved a lot since 'I saved you because you look nice' ", Rogers could not hide the indignation. That man did not know him. He was just another eccentric in the capital. Probably with some fetish for killing. Also how could you expect anything other than a Stark.Tony laughed and Steve only confirmed what he had thought seconds ago.
- Where's your shield? - Tony basically screamed on Steve's ears.
Peter murmured a 'thank you' before hesitating, as if he did not know how to raise another topic for the conversation.
"I promised my mother. I always keep my promises". Steve finally said, keeping his head up. Fury looked at Steve for a few more seconds, sighed, and returned to his cabin. He did not utter a single word. It seems that those words convinced Nick Fury, because days later the instructor already had a long list about the other competing tributes.
"What can you do?", began the dark-skinned man, always straight to the point.
- Okay - Steve answered and moved his mouth to Tony's neck.
- This was from last week? - The blond head just nodded. - It's amazing. My hair is on point - Rogers laughed. - No, serious, it's incredible, Steve. - Tony couldn't believe that was how Captain seems him. The way that he captured the shine of the metal or of his eyes was breathtaking.
Steve grabbed the boy in his arms, loudly repeating his name. The blonde ran his eyes over the boy's body before peering at a small cut on Peter's arm. It did not make sense. A simple knife-cut would not knock someone down that way.  Examining more carefully, Rogers realized that a purple substance stained the young tribute's white skin. Poisoned knife. From the scent that exuded from the wound he could see that the poison had been improvised with deadly berries that adorned the forest. He allowed himself to hug the child's body.  There was no way to stop that poison. Tears streamed down Steve's face. She could not help but cling to Peter. To fall in love with the innocence of the boy. This was the little brother he could not have.
- C'mon Cap. We both know that you aren't mad. - said Tony on his petulant way. He could feel Steve's breath now.
- Yes, and I'll show you later - He kept the book where Tony couldn't reach.
- I'm definitely not dressed for this ocasion. - Tony proceed to get the best position on that thing. He was a car man, what he can say?
"No, it does not", petulantly claimed the former mine worker, refusing to believe. One of the country's most important men would not simply help him with the kindness of his heart. Steve lived long enough to know that things did not work out that way.
Steve and Peter were now in front of a large audience. Keeping up as much as possible, Rogers can not help but analyze President Stark. It was the first time he had remained so close to the man. He can see the similarities the tyrant shared with his son. The brown threads, the deep gaze, the posture of a leader.  The older man still relied on Tony's wry attitude, but in a more veiled way. He doubted even a resident of the Capitol would realize that.
But he never finished his sentence for, in that moment, the gates suddenly, and slowly, opened, granting the Avengers passage inside.
Steve just sat there, frozen, still not believing what had happened. And then, with a small, hopeful smile, he took the pen and signed the papers in front of him. It was true, they still had a long way to go,
It was like fight club, but with more fellatio. Steve was grateful for it, in a way, because talking about what’d happened would mean telling Tony how he felt, ruining their friendship in the process, and Steve just couldn’t afford that. He didn’t’ think he was strong enough to lose Tony… Hell, he couldn’t even picture his life without the man in it anymore. Or Morgan, for that matter. Every plan he made for the future had them in it somehow. He knew he couldn’t get what he really wanted, but he was resigned to his fate. He would be happy just being Morgan’s uncle Steve and Tony’s friend for the rest of his life. That was fine. He was fine.
Jessica left Toomes’ house several hours later, feeling like shit. Talking to people really wasn’t her thing. She got into the car and took a second to decide whether to go straight to the fancy hotel Romanov had put her in or to go get something to eat. Her rumbling stomach made the decision for her.
Let me know what you think! (;
“Only you would think dislocating a jaw while sucking dick is better than while eating an entire hot dog in one bite”, he said. The elevator doors opened once more, revealing the penthouse. Tony stepped out and looked back when Steve didn’t move.
“Actually, could he do that, but with Malibu’s PD? And maybe get everyone, not just official missing person’s reports?”
under his breath. He passed the bloody keycard on the wall, right where Jarvis had said the control panel was, and immediately dropped it when said wall started to slowly move to the sides.
“It’s nice to meet you as well”.
“THIS IS RIDICULOUS, YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND, THE LEAST YOU COULD DO IS HAVE SOME RESPECT TONY…”
That peaked Natasha’s interest, “Do tell”.
“Got it. Well, at least
He opened his mouth to try and explain that no, this wasn’t his child, but he so desperately wished it was, but thought better and just nodded instead.
“You guys like laughing? Okay. You”, he said, pointing at Clint, “had to go the hospital once because you had a carrot stuck in your ass”.
Tony looked away for a moment and exhaled, closing his eyes.
“JARVIS, how did you do this? How can you be inside DUM-E’s program?”, Tony asked, curious and astonished with his creation.
“Yeah, but… I don’t know, I’m not very good at it”, Steve replied, sounding a bit sad, “I don’t think I’m going to call her again. It’s just… She’s probably going to say no, anyway, so…”
“What are you still doing here, Tony? I said movie night started at seven sharp”.
“I must speak with you, Mr. Stark. Do you have a moment?” He said, looking to the sides as if checking if anyone was listening. He seemed nervous.
“I’m afraid the spell put on Captain Rogers is a bit more complex than what I’m used to. I believe only Loki would be able to return the Captain to his former self”.
“Look, I know I’m probably not what your friends are used to, but I can play the part with the rich kids. Trust me”, Tony said in a mocking tone, although Steve was sure he could hear some apprehension on his voice.
One step closer, their noses touching, “I can fight for you all day. I can fight for you all my life if that’s what it takes. Because you’re worth it”.
am your master”, the trickster responded, once more putting his hands behind his back, “Are you ready for a
“Nineteen, actually”.
, I truly am, but after what happened with Ophelia I just couldn’t take the chance, alright?”
Natasha had called as well. She apologized for setting Steve up with someone else, berating herself for not noticing anything was amiss before. Tony forgave her, of course. It wasn’t her fault. It was his. His fault for believing in Steve, for thinking he could have this. That he could actually be happy.
“Great. First, the door opens by itself, now we’re going
“Here, you can change into this if you want. My friend, Rhodey, left them here last time he came over. At least this way you won’t freeze”.
Strong arms engulfed him all of a sudden and he let himself melt, closing his eyes and just enjoying the heat that seemed to emanate from Steve.
that you took from me. My company, my house, my money… And when I’m done with you, you’re going to spend the rest of your life in jail and no one will even remember your name”, he said in a low tone, taking yet another step forward, making Obadiah take a step back.
Clint then broke the silence. “Have any of you EVER watched a zombie movie?”
Tony turned his head and looked at him for a whole minute before sighing and passing the carton of ice cream to Steve, who took it with a soft “thanks”, turning it and drinking the melted bits.
“What? I was just asking, jeez”.
DUM-E started to turn around on himself, searching for the source of the voice, unaware that the voice was coming from his own sound box.
(See the end of the chapter for
And as they waited for the procedure to begin, Steve and Bucky talked about their lives, their fears and their expectations. When Erskine appeared, accompanied by none other than Howard Stark, the boys said their goodbyes and good lucks and went their separate ways, each to a different room, knowing that whatever happened after the procedure, at least they would have each other.
Tony is dealing with everything that's happening and Steve, well, Steve is a dumbass.
Stane smiled as if Christmas had come earlier this year.
“Luckily for me, my faithful contacts have just given me some good news”, Stane said, pocketing him phone once more and turning back to the engineer, “Which means your services are no longer necessary”.
“Everything is fine”.
“Seven is secure”, Natasha replied, pressing the device in her ear.
"Agents. I'm here to interrogate our guest", she said, standing in front of them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No offense, but I was ready to tear you a new one earlier today. But then we talked and I realized you’re a huge dork. You’re funny and nice and, after our date tonight, I kinda think it’d be fun to hang out with you”.
Steve frowned, not quite understanding what was going on. “Excuse me?”
But Tony still didn’t sound too sincere. He looked at the car in awe, as if he very much wanted to touch it, but was too afraid to do it. Steve quickly opened the door for him, helping Tony inside.
“JARVIS, put it on the list!”
The three men exchanged a look before nodding. They radioed the base, giving them the coordinates for the war camp before getting into the helicopter once more. For the next three hours they flew around the exploded area, eyes wide open, trying to catch anything out of the ordinary. Natasha was just about to tell them they were running out of gas when she spotted something.
Steve was waiting for Tony in the communal kitchen. Natasha, Clint and Thor were sitting at the kitchen island while Bruce cooked. The captain kept sneaking glances at the elevator, absently touching the pocket on the inside of his jacket. Every time he did it, Clint would squeal quietly, earning himself a slap from Natasha. When Steve turned to look at his teammates, he found them all staring at him with knowing smiles.
Let’s not jump to conclusions here. I mean, you can’t even see if he's holding something
“I’m really happy you forgive me, Tony”.
“Oh, no, wasn’t in the lab, cap”, Clint replied with a knowing smile, “It’s just, you know, some problems are just
“She moved!”
, and Bucky walked in, looking livid.
PS: the "attentive to detail" part was based on this amazing post on tumblr! I'll leave the link down bellow!
The man had little time to be relieved, however, for Stane quickly took a gun from his back, shooting the man twice on the chest. The engineer fell, his eyes already unseeing before he even hit the ground. Stane put the gun away with all the calm in the world and, with a final glance at his masterpiece, he walked towards the door, leaving the room.
“Already did, boss, soon as Romanoff called. She’s up and on her way to the medical wing, and so is the crew”, the AI responded, “it’s gonna be alright, boss. He’s gonna be fine”.
“Hey”, Jessica called, transferring the files to her cell phone just as the waitress came closer, “Can you put all of this in a bag or something?”
Tony let out a soft
“No. I’m taking Tony to Mario’s tonight”.
“Yes, we are. Now, we need someone to officiate the wedding. Preferably someone who’s not ordained because we don’t actually want to get married”.
Throughout the years, Margaret kept her promise. She was there for every birthday, every Christmas and every Easter. She taught her little boy how to behave like a proper gentleman and how to make proper tea.
They heard Bucky’s voice echo through the hallway and turned in time to see Steve running towards them, a desperate look on his face. Tony immediately uncrossed his arms and stepped forward, worried.
“Also, do you have any idea how hard it is to masturbate with a huge ass belly in your way? I tried toys and stuff, but…”
Clint asked through the earpiece and, even at a distance, Steve could see he was smiling as he swept the floor with an old broom.
“Maybe. Sounded like it”.
“Oh, no”.
“Ah, Tony, it’s very good to see you”.
“And Jones told me she has a lead. She’s going to get it checked out soon”, Natasha offered with a nod.
Loki had suddenly materialized without any warning, as he usually did, arms behind his back as he looked around the living room with a frown.
“No, it’s fine. What is it? Did you find something?”
“Let me help you. You don’t have to do this alone”, he said, walking towards Tony and sitting beside him, waiting for an answer.
Tony smiled back at him and jokingly saluted the blonde once more before getting up and walking towards the nearest building. Steve just stared at him, the biggest smile on his face, until he disappeared inside the building.
“Wait, what? You’re okay with that? Just like that?”
“We make him jealous”, Natasha supplied with a smile.
Steve nodded, looking down at the flowers in his hand.
“We’re in a very good mood today, uh boss?”, Happy asked, looking at Steve through the rear view mirror.
“Hey”.
“I’m not”.
And so, for the past two years, much to Rhodey’s displeasure, Steve and Tony had been secretly seeing each other. Bucky, and his girlfriend, Natasha, knew Tony only as “Steve’s friend from MIT” and seemed to think nothing of it. Sometimes, Natasha would try to set Steve up with one of her friends, and Steve would politely decline while saying he just didn’t have the time for that. And it killed a little bit of Tony when it happened, but he would stand there, every time, a fake smile on his face as he pretended to be Steve’s very straight friend.
“I love you too”, he replied, his hands slightly shaking.
Jarvis and Ana watched, in silence, as he ate some toast and drank some coffee. He could tell they wanted to say something, but were holding themselves back.
He sighed, glancing at the shut door of his best friend’s office. “I just want to fix the mess I made”.
“That might not be the right file”, the blonde tried to reason, trying not to show just how terrified he really was.
“Shit, no. I mean, I love expensive things. Who doesn’t like chocolate that melts in your mouth? Or fast cars and awesome food? Who doesn’t like to be showered with gifts? I like expensive shit just fine, it’s just… I don’t know”.
Tony smiled. He knew he had told that story a thousand times already, but still, he could never pass an opportunity to tell it again.
“You passed out at the party. We brought you to Medical so the doctors could check on you. How are you feeling?”
It was going to be hard… But he could do it. He’d be there for Tony and Morgan, he’d be fun Uncle Steve and just help his friend out in every way he could. It would be fine…
“Yeah”, Steve chuckled, taking a bottle of water from the fridge, “How do you know that?”
At that exact same moment, a blond man on the other side of the world heard a bleep sound. He took his phone out of his pocket and read the message with a frown.
“Steve? Are you even listening?”
“My fiancée dumped my pregnant ass to be with his mistress”, Tony explained, taking another bite.
“Ok… Can I come in, then?”
“I think so, yeah”.
“No. This is common practice amongst nerds. Which we are’, Harley replied, staring dead eyed at Loki and raising his hand for a high five, to which Cassie promptly slapped.
Tony smiled. And then he laughed, shaking his head.
"If you're both level 7 then you've been here long enough to know that you shouldn't be discussing these things in an elevator, where anyone can hear you".
The people in the screen looked fine, indeed. No head wounds, no blood. The taller man, Lawrence, was standing there, as was everyone else, the radio still in his hand. It looked like the weirdest game of statues.
“So, Tony, tell us a little bit about yourself”, Natasha asked, taking a sip from her drink.
“Hey!” Tony protested with a giggle.
Bucky snorted. “What else is new”.
“Yeah, that’s what I’ve been calling it. It’s crazy, right? I would’ve thought they’d pick some strong, trained types, but they actually picked the guy with one arm and… well…”
“Tony. I just wanted to say… You know you mean the world to me, right?”
“I’m not looking at him, he’s the one looking over here!”
“And you believed him?”
“Just… Not sure this is the right thing to do”.
, Stane thought to himself,
Steve looked at Clint, confused. “I’m… Right here?”
“Yeah, I… I’ve been there”.
“I’m guessing Stane?”
Steve walked closer to the man and stopped beside him, clearing his throat, “Are… Are you alright?”
“Precisely, Agent Barton. Agent Coulson, if you please”.
“She’s controlling them all. Ross, what do we do?”
The gift shop was on three floors down. Still, Steve decided to use the stairs instead of the elevator. He figured the exercise might help with his anxiety. It didn’t. Even as he jogged down to the first floor, his mind wandered. He was worried about Tony and the baby, of course he was, but if he was being honest, there was another issue plaguing his thoughts: what if Tony didn’t need him anymore? Well, it wasn’t like he had needed him before, in all honesty, but he’d been lonely and, frankly, quite sad about being traded by a younger, non-pregnant model, as he liked to call it. But now, Tony had a baby girl to take care of and fuss over and to just be the center of his attention from now on. It was only expected for Steve to fade into the background, become a funny story that Tony would tell his daughter years from now.
https://averagemarvelbitch.tumblr.com/
“Where were you?” she hissed, following Steve inside his office.
“Well”, Wanda started, thoughtful, “He may not have the memories of Tony, but he should still be attracted to him, shouldn’t he? Attraction has nothing to do with whether he remembers Tony or not”.
“Is there anything else we need to know, Lieutenant?”
“Let’s take a picture”, he said, taking Tony by the shoulders and turning both of them towards the reporters, “Tony… This morning, I filed an injunction against you”, he said in a whisper between the flashes of the cameras, “You’re not ready for this, it’s clear to me, it’s been clear for years now. It’s time for you to understand your place in this world, Tony. This business is about having an iron will and you, my boy, you’re no man of iron”.
“Tony, huh. Is he hot?”
It was a Thursday when things started to get complicated. Tony had slept over at Steve’s the previous night and left the next morning, after some shower sex and a very nice breakfast. Steve had insisted on giving him a ride, but the mechanic had adamantly refused, assuring the blond that he was more than capable of taking a cab. They parted ways with a kiss and a promise to see each other later that night. Steve watched the cab go with a longing smile on his face and, when it turned the corner and disappeared from view, he finally checked his phone.
his brain immediately screamed at him. “Steve”, he answered instead, saluting the brunette.
chromosome. Professor Xavier studied it for many years and called it the X-Gene”.
“Tony?”
Steve looked devastated. “Tony, look, I’m so sorry”.
“YOU WHAT?” Bucky screamed, turning to his girlfriend, who was smiling cheekily.
“It’s nothing, just…”
“The woman?” Clint asked, curious.
It took them no longer than a minute to clear the room. The now headless bodies were once again scattered across the floor, unmoving.
“Good choice. We’ll share the fries, thanks”, he told the girl who was taking their order. His hand slid down from Steve’s arm to his hand, intertwining their fingers as he pulled the taller man to a nearby wooden table. By the time they sat down, Steve was already very uncomfortable, trying to get his very unexpected hard-on under control.
“What, no, of course not”, Steve shouted and then, noticing how the others students started looking at them, eager to hear what all the fuss was about, lowered his voice, “Tony, I love you. I do, I’m mad in love with you, I swear”.
The Avengers were all sitting in the Waiting Room, waiting for news about Steve’s condition. Thor, Wanda and Vision had the decency to look sheepish while Tony lectured them on their irresponsibility while Natasha and Barton just looked at him, arms crossed and a petulant look on their faces.
His cries turned into soft gurgling sounds and then… nothing.
Steve stared at his best friend with a weird look on his face. “No offense, Buck, but you’re not my type”.
“What the hell…”, Bucky whispered to himself, looking around.
Life's been a bit chaotic, but I finally managed to finish this chapter! I had a lot of work these past weeks, which is awesome because that means I might have a bit of extra cash to get myself a birthday present this month, YAY!
“Excuse me, Mr. Stark?” a voice called him.
Steve and Clint had told Bucky everything. Well, Steve had told Bucky everything. Clint had tried, but he was laughing too hard and couldn’t finish his sentences.
It all happened to me. In a matter of seconds, Steve threw Tony off himself and to the side, where he would be shielded from whoever had screamed at them, and quickly drew his gun, pointing at the door.
Steve knew he was being weird. A part of his brain, the part that hadn’t completely shut down after hearing the price of a cupcake ― it costed more than his rent, for God’s sake! ―, was screaming at him that he was being weird.
“FINE? She can control people! I’m surprised she hasn’t controlled US yet!”
“Yeah, uh, so apparently Natasha and Tony are not, and were never, dating, so…”
“So, what brings you to Walmart at two am to eat raw cookie dough and ice cream on the floor like a lunatic?”
“Uncle Buck, what did you ask Santa for Christmas?”
“Yes”, he whispered, with a smile so big it hurt his cheeks, “yes, I’ll marry you”.
“I hate both of you”, Steve replied, taking yet another sharp turn, making Clint yelp as he was thrown from one side of the car to the other, “Seatbelts, please”.
give him anymore stupid ideas”.
“Call Coulson, we’re getting married”.
Ross squeezed the radio in his hand, almost breaking it. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He didn’t want to admit it, but the doctor was right.
“Is Steve up to something, J?”
wasn’t in the mood for a party. And he knew that, if they threw one, Steve would probably want to bring his new girlfriend and Tony really really
“You don’t seem all that freaked out by the fact that we were just attacked by what I can only assume is a zombie”.
“Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes, at your service, sir”, he said as Steve shook his hand, “I’m happy to see you, I have to say. We’ll need all the help we can get to locate T…”
“He’s at the workshop. I’m sorry, celebrate what exactly? What are you guys talking about?”
“I have told Thor already. We will search all realms for him. We will find him, Tony, and he will put a stop on his spell”.
“You dog. So, Nat wants to double date…”
She ran for the elevator before it could close, making herself almost invisible on the back. Thinking about her past would bring nothing but bad memories and anger, so it was best to leave it locked in a little box inside her mind.
“Actually, Tony took care of that too. He hired this awesome chef to make all the food and the cake and the sweets”.
“Only a crazy person would stand you up. But hey, their loss is my gain! So, can I interest you in the best burger you’ll ever eat?”
“No?”
“Yes, yes, of course. Have you seen our newest weapon? I call it the
And so, together, the group started walking towards the lit path, feeling not entirely ready for an adventure.
Tony opened his eyes slowly, blinking and turning his head slightly to the side, as if to escape the very bright light that shone in the room. There was a sharp ringing in his ears that made his head hurt and his mouth felt odd, like someone had stuck a bunch of cotton in it. He shook his head, trying to bring some clarity to his clouded mind. And then, he heard a chuckle. Tony raised his head, following the sound, still very much confused with the whole situation. He gulped when his eyes finally met the eyes of the man standing before him.
“A pleasure to meet you, Miss Potts”, Steve nodded and followed her to the private elevator. They rode it in complete silence. When the doors opened minutes later, Steve couldn’t help but look around with wide eyes.
But it wasn’t just sex. They would do other things too. Every week, they’d rent a movie and watch it while cuddling on the sofa. Sometimes, they’d go out for a walk and have hot dogs at the park, or go to Howie’s and have cheeseburgers with fries. They did many couples thing and so, really, no one could blame Tony for thinking they were, in fact, a couple, even though they’d never said it out loud. Maybe Steve didn’t like labels or whatever, but they were definitely dating. Or so Tony thought.
Steve came home a week later, followed by Sam and Bucky, after taking down yet another secret Hydra facility. JARVIS had informed them upon arrival that everyone was at the communal floor, so the three Avengers quickly made their way up there. Tony was already waiting for him when the elevator doors opened, throwing himself on Steve’s arms as soon as the soldier opened them, welcomingly.
The question made Tony stop immediately, hand still on the handle. He recognized the voice. It was Steve.
“I created something during my MIT years”,
“I don’t even know who he is…” Tony said, looking sadly at the gun in his hand.
“That’s weird”.
Steve smiled, “I missed you too, sweetheart”.
There were in the kitchen when it happened. Pepper, Rhodey and Bucky were opening pizza boxes and getting paper plates, and Steve was sitting on the counter, drinking a beer while talking to Tony, when Natasha showed up.
“My darling boy, you are the reason half my hair has gone white”, she said with a smile and tears in her eyes. Anthony smiled back at her.
Steve smiled. “Yeah, I know what you mean. It’s like nothing else matters, right? The world could go under and I still wouldn’t move, wouldn’t even notice it, as long as you’re here with me”.
“A little scared, but she’ll be fine”, he replied, putting away his own gun and holding the girl a bit tighter, “Come one, there’s nothing left here. Let’s go”.
“We’ve been searching for hours, there’s nothing here”.
. And Tony, on his part, tried very hard to smile and nod and look interested every time Steve talked about his boyfriend because, even though he wanted the blond for himself, he loved having Steve around and he was not about to throw their friendship away over a crush. So, of course, when Steve asked if he wanted to go to Pop’s, Tony smiled and said
“Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to try and get some work done so I can leave early to go beg Tony to forgive me”, he said, turning back to the computer, but not before glancing at his cell phone, where the screen was still empty, with no new messages.
The young woman turned her own eyes towards it.
“That’s all for today, Natalie. You can go home, dear. I’ll see you tomorrow”.
, Natasha intervened, looking at them disapprovingly. Clint had face timed her earlier, hoping she would have a better solution than Steve’s (“we run to Mexico and we stay there until Peggy Carter dies”).
“Yeah, I remember”, Steve immediately cut him off, waving his hand.
Tony turned then and looked at Steve with a sheepish look while big mechanical arms took apart what seemed to be… armor. Tony was wearing fucking armor.
“Wonderful weather this morning, isn’t it?”, she said with a smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes.
“I… I mean, I… You’re very attractive and I…”
“Where are you right now, dearest?”
she could walk! Now, who wants cookies?”
“Holy crap, Stevie, she’s the girl I told you about! She is SO into me”.
So Tony got it. He did, really. The fear of coming out and not being accepted, of losing the people close to you because they can’t accept this very important part of you. And he really did like Steve. Like he never liked anyone before in his life. So he made a decision.
“Thank you. So”, Tony started, eating a piece of the cake, “how have you been handling the whole
“Or someone decided to shut him up”, Steve completed.
“No, ma’am. The Winter Soldier, Hawkeye and I remained with our faces covered the entire time. The Black Widow, however, was exposed”.
“I want to blow you right here in the kitchen…”, he said, keeping the pace as he stroked his cock, slow and steady, “I want you to come in my mouth”.
Tony walked to the door and opened it with a smile, ready to tease Bucky about the knocking. His smile suddenly disappeared as he looked into the face of Obadiah Stane.
They all snickered again. Natasha rolled her eyes and snorted, turning her attention back at the cutting board.
“Yes”.
Suddenly, everything made sense. He eyed the missile, the
“Yes”, the doctor answered, nodding his head.
Because, see, Tony did not have many happy memories of his childhood. Even the good ones were often tainted by his father’s awful behavior. He hadn’t been a happy child, he was very much aware of that. He could not remember a single occasion where Howard had complimented him. He could, however, recount every single time his father had screamed drunken threats at him in the middle of the night as the little boy hid under his covers, tears streaming down his face, terror clear in his eyes. He could not remember a birthday in which his father had been present and, even if he was there in the mansion for the celebrations, he’d always spend the entire day in his office, talking on the phone about things that were much more important than the birthday of his only son. He remembered every cutting word, every insult that had been burned on his skin, never to be forgotten. So it was easy, at times like these, when he was feeling lost and scared and sad, to drown in these awful memories, to feel the rejection that still screamed inside his chest, the inadequacy, the shame. So, every time that happened, every time these feelings became too much, every time his brain became too loud to bear, Tony would do the only good thing he knew to deal with his pain: he’d eat.
Tony felt himself fall to the floor, slowly, back against the working bench. He knew he was crying because he could feel the tears sliding down his face. He felt nothing. It was like the pain was so severe his mind decided to turn itself off. He hugged his legs, pulling them closer to his chest, and let himself go. He had been so stupid to think he could have this. That he could ever deserve someone like Steve. Fate had once again showed that the monster Tony Stark was not good enough to have a happy ending. He didn’t deserve one.
There was a minute of silence before a very familiar voice filled the room.
“Okay, we need to get married”.
All of a sudden, a rush of calmness and peace flooded him. The screaming
Recognition flashed in his eyes and he turned, refusing to look at Jessica and pretending to get something from his suitcase. “Work hours are from 8 to 6 at the company, Miss Jones, I’m afraid you’ll have to set an appointment”.
“JARVIS”, he tried to say, but his words sounded all wrong.
Quill stared at him, turning his head slightly to the side, “That sounds scary. But I like the thought of being free again! I’ll give it a go, yes!”
Natasha, as it turned out, was much less angry about the whole thing than they expected. She remained silent while Steve and Bucky told her everything that had happened during brunch and didn’t say a word, not even when they finished talking. Needless to say, they both just sat there, terrified, thinking of all the ways Natasha could kill them. After a while, however, she merely nodded.
“Good luck, Steve”, Natasha can’t help but say.
. He didn’t see Natasha cover her mouth with her hands, pain clear in her eyes. He didn’t notice Wanda on the ground, hugging herself as if trying to keep herself from falling to pieces, while Vision hugged her, a somber expression is his face. He saw nothing but Steve. He heard nothing but his own voice inside his head, repeating the same thing over and over and over again…
“Yeah. Fuck me”.
Bucky nodded and got up, shutting the door behind him. He then turned to Hill. “Maria, I need Tony’s address. You have it, right?”
The shout echoed through the room as the engineer in charge recoiled slightly, taking a small step back.
Tony looked down at the box in his hands, with the tiny pair of shoes inside, and sniffled, “I’m… I was going to tell you… I found out today”, he looked up and stared at Ty with tears in his eyes, “I’m pregnant”.
There were some good restaurants around, and she did have the money ― an exorbitant amount, in fact ― that Romanov had deposited on her bank account. Still, she ended up on a small, almost empty diner, doing research on Ivan Vanko over some waffles and bacon. A quick Google search told her some things about her new target: born in Russia, immigrated to the US when he was five years old and… a smart cookie too, graduated top of his class, a skilled physicist.
Tony looked away for a second, deep in thought. On one hand, Steve did seem like a great guy. On the other, the mechanic had been very wrong about this sort of thing before. He looked into Steve’s eyes and, for a moment, all he saw was sincerity and affection. And in that moment he made his decision. He stood on his toes, putting his hands on Steve’s neck and pulling him down for a kiss. The blond wasted no time, pressing the smaller man against the door as they kissed.
, “and I wanted to keep it safe from the wrong people. My guardian found out and he wanted the code. He came after me, tried to drag me home. I refused. According to my father’s will, though, I
“Well, yeah. No offense”.
“So, one year anniversary, huh. That’s pretty cool!”
“I think he’s saying ‘no muscle relaxants or anesthetics, we die like men’”, Barton replied, making his voice deeper as he said the words. Tony pointed at him and nodded.
Tony nodded, nibbling at his toast.
“I’m sorry for exposing you like that. That wasn’t cool. You should be able to come out on your own terms and I took that from you. I exposed you to your friends when you clearly weren’t ready to come clean. I’m really sorry about that. It was a dick move”.
He bit his lips as he hit sent. It was a normal thing to offer, right? They were friends, Tony was pregnant, paint was probably bad for him because of the smell and… whatever. He was just being a good friend. That was all. He wasn’t in love with Tony.
“Ah, she awakes”, the small, weak looking man directly in front of her said, hands behind his back in a very nonchalant manner, “I must confess, I expected more from the great Black Widow”.
He couldn’t leave. Not when Natasha was probably still there. Had he found her? Had he shot her? Cursing under his breath, Tony looked over the desk, but saw nothing. Wherever the man was, he was too far away to be seen. He couldn’t leave. He couldn’t. And so, with a courage that he’d never felt before in his life, Tony got up and ran towards the noise.
“I promise”.
Tony couldn’t contain his joy. His smile was so big his cheeks actually hurt. He slowly opened the box, the words already forming on his lips.
“I got the message. No need for a repeat performance”, Tony said, turning back to the engine he was supposed to fix.
, he thought to himself, his tongue tracing his on lips as if to savor the taste of Steve’s mouth on his,
Natasha replied before disconnecting.
“He was. Apparently, his brother, Loki, did something and now they’re not talking, so he decided to stay here”.
“Uh, yeah”, Steve replied, trying to get his brain to work again, “I was sick a lot when I was a kid so I’d miss a lot of school. I’d just stay at home, looking out my window, drawing everything I saw, you know?”
“Doesn’t matter, I still hurt you. And I’m sorry. And I’ll spend the rest of my life making sure that you never doubt my love for you again. Please. Please, forgive me”.
Toomes sighed and looked away, pensive. “Think of your wife and daughter, Adrian, and all the shit that you’re going to put them through if you’re arrested for being an accessory to murder”.
“A little bird told me you ordered some flowers today”.
Natasha nodded. “Same for Bucky and Steve”.
They quickly parted ways. Steve ran to the nearest bathroom, opening the door with more force than necessary, frantically looking around.
She heard the lock turning and gasped when the door opened, revealing her little boy. Anthony had a very red mark the size of a hand in his right cheek and the skin around his right eye was slowly turning purple. Margaret wanted to scream. She wanted to march into Howard’s bedroom and tear him limb by limb. She wanted to take Anthony away from that house and keep him safe and sound. Instead, she did the only thing she could do. She scooped the young boy in her arms, whispering soothing words in his ear as he cried, scared and confused as to why his father, the man who was supposed to love and protect him, would cause him such suffering. Margaret stayed there the whole afternoon, holding the little boy in her arms until Jarvis arrived. He had heard from the maid what had transpired in his absence and went straight for the little boy’s room, quickly taking him from his godmother’s arms, apologizing to his young sir for not being there when he had needed him most. His words were calm and soothing, but Margaret could see the anger burning in his eyes. It was good to know she wasn’t the only one enraged by what had happened.
There wasn’t much talking after that.
The agent snorted. "This is fucked up, man. It's a pain in the ass, too! Dude keeps shouting for a lawyer... even talked about calling Tony Stark".
, he thought to himself with a smirk,
“The plan is for the infiltrated agent at SI to use the device to get the proof we need. That’s it. I don’t have another plan, Steve”, he explained, shaking his head with yet another sigh, “This isn’t me hiding some fucked up plan from you, okay? This is just me thinking about the fact that I let Stane fool me for years. I believed him. I… Damn, I’d go as far as to say that I loved him. He was family, you know? He stopped my dad from beating me up; he backed me up when I told my dad I wanted to be an engineer instead of getting a business degree. Now I keep thinking about all these situations, all these things he’s done for me, and I keep wondering… Why? He stopped my dad because he wanted me to trust him? He backed me up because if I had gone to business school I’d have taken his place at the company? I keep imagining all these reasons why and it’s fucking up with my head”, he finished, frustrated.
“We’re safe here. As long as we stay here, we’re safe”, the woman replied in a soothing tone.
“No, it doesn’t. But I have to be honest, I never see the time pass when I’m with you”.
Obadiah turned around and smiled, shaking his head. He started talking again, but Tony was no longer listening. He was looking at his feet and, although he couldn’t exactly see his toes, he knew they were moving. He was regaining movement. He tried not to let his face show the relief he felt in that moment.
Tony stopped typing and turned slightly, looking at Steve with a raised eyebrow, “We’re in a super-secret lab surrounded by mutilated corpses… I’d be worried if you
“All I’m saying is that SHIELD trains the best people, Captain. You’re not just training security agents, you’re training spies”, Stane said in a soft tone, “Yes, I know about your friend, Miss Romanov, is it? She was KGB, was she not? And now she trains your people”.
“Yes?”
“Yeah, we know. Thor… told you about the date?”
“I showed up with a very expensive car, took him to one of the most expensive restaurants in New York. I booked the whole place just for us. And that’s not even counting the huge bouquet of flowers I sent before, or the chocolates”.
Suddenly, there was a hand grabbing at his hair.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t talk right now, Tony”, at the background he heard Sam’s voice
“Oh, no. I didn’t bring you here for the
“You’re going to wrinkle her dress!”
“Sorry. I know you said we couldn’t, I just…”
“So romantic”, Maria replied deadpanned, turning her back at him to leave.
Tony was used to a very particular kind of
“Oh, no, I’ll kill you either way. If you don’t give me the code, I’ll make a quick call to my guy, same one who killed your parents for me, and have him shoot your precious little boyfriend right between the eyes”, Stane said calmly.
“YES! HE’S GONNA PROPOSE TO TONY”.
“Are you done with the documents?”
“What?”
“It doesn’t look like there was a struggle. It just looks like they left in a hurry”.
They’d arrived at the restaurant not too long ago and Steve had promptly ordered a basket of garlic bread with cheese and some mozzarella sticks. When Bucky looked at him, as if asking what the hell he was doing, he just shrugged, blushing, and said that Tony loved those. It didn’t take long for Tony and Natasha to arrive.
Bucky and Sam exchanged looks and sighed, preparing themselves for a serious conversation.
mission was a success”.
“What are you thinking, Mattie?” Clint asked, frowning.
. Widow, help me out here!”
Steve let him go and took a few steps towards the kitchen, where Bucky most likely was. Tony watched him go, taking a long look at his boyfriend’s behind before turning and going to his father’s office. He had a lot of work to do.
If you liked it, please leave kudos and a comment! They always make me happy :D
“My relationship with the target will not affect this mission, Soldier”, Rhodes promised, and then continued explaining, “They were attacked around here”, he pointed at the map, “a few miles outside Kunar. All soldiers in the convoy were killed in combat. This was the target’s last known location”.
Tony’s mouth fell open. “You’re in the tower? How the hell did you manage to do that? The Jericho wasn’t connected to any networks, that’s not possible”.
Took me some time to write this, sorry guys! Hope you like it! Next chapter will most likely be the last one!
“I’m in the middle of an interrogation. This moron is giving me everything”.
And then, after a few seconds, a
“Ok, what the hell is going on?”, Michele asked angrily and, by god, she looked even more terrifying now than she did in her human form.
know better. There is a lot of grey out there. And sometimes there are missions, things that must be done, that the public would never understand. So they have entire teams for it, teams that remain in secret and do their jobs in secret”.
Natasha put her gun back in its holster and started investigating the area while Tony hacked the computer nearby.
, he thought and then shook his head, reprimanding himself for even thinking something like that. What the hell was wrong with him? Did babies fuck up brains too? He’d have to ask JARVIS when he got home. Or maybe Ty would know.
, the scientist replied.
“That’s right, princess, you tell them”.
“Nah, I think he’s just too dumb”.
Tony smiled, “It’s fine. Some things just aren’t meant to be. It’s better this way, terminator”, he turned to leave, but seemed to remember something, turning back to Bucky while pulling on a chain around his neck.
“It’s fine. I don’t have any plans tonight, so I might as well stay late and finish these”.
“I was fifteen”, Tony replied, stepping forward as the line moved, “I’m actually finished with my degree and working on my PhD now”.
“Clint, Bucky, something’s wrong. Tony isn’t here”.
In a fit of rage, he flipped the desk with a scream. Tony winced, closing his eyes for a second. It was difficult to breath. He had been desperate, not thinking clearly, when he decided to run towards the danger. All he had been thinking about was Natasha and how she could be in danger, all because of him. Now, though… Now he was thinking clearly and holy shit, he was a dumbass. Luckily for him, the man had decided to walk towards the other side of the corridor. Tony sneaked his head out again, watching the man walk away, when he saw it… Someone coming out of one of the offices. Someone with read head. Natasha!
Wasn't that exactly what she thought whenever the memories of Yasha filled her mind? She'd most likely never have closure, never have peace, where Yasha was concerned... But maybe Stark could.
“Horses aren’t like dogs. They don’t understand words like ‘stay’,” the riding instructor said. “The next step is grooming her, and making sure she doesn’t have any sores or anything like that. If she does, she isn’t fit for riding. You need to wait until her sores have healed before you saddle her. That’s really important, so you have to do it before every ride, and you can’t ever skip it. Understand?”
I will pay you, cat,
’ The prince got out of bed, left his chambers, and walked down the hall to where the guest bedchamber was. Taking a deep breath, he knocked on the door. After a few minutes, the door opened to reveal the other man, who had quite obviously been sleeping.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y.” There was a moment of silence.
“Oh, yes. It was
A young medical intern entered the room. He checked Bucky’s medical history and the IV.
“Whoa whoa whoa. What is this?” The prince took the phone from his hand.
Bucky brought his tail in front of his body. He started wringing it, the way some people wring their hands when they’re nervous. “Are you sure this is a good idea? I mean, the last time I was around people, they started screaming. Or what if... What if this doctor is like the ones at Hydra?”
“A week ago. Tony, I have never seen my son liking someone the way he likes you.”
Steve looked at Bucky and they seemed to be having a silent conversation. Finally, the blond turned back to him and nodded. “Yes. Deal.”
speak, can’t he?”
A few minutes later, she reached them at the stables, telling Tony to go change back into his lavender suit. When he was gone, Pepper turned to the blond.
“Hi!” Steve put down his load and waved.
Tony sat by the table, working on a tiny piece with a magnifying glass, his back arched in a way that made the former assassin wonder if it hurt to sit like that for hours, but never heard him complaining. The mechanic pulled over a chair for the feline, who sat down before crossing his arms over the table and letting his chin rest on them, silently watching the businessman work. After a few more minutes, the man known as Iron Man finally spoke.
The captain nodded. “I figured you would. What are they?”
“Good. But, since this isn’t a real horse, we can skip that for now. See that pad?” Tony looked down and saw a pad that was shaped like the outline of a saddle. “Put that on first. It will protect her back and make sure the saddle stays in place. Put it just below her mane, and make sure it’s even on both sides. Good! Next is the saddle. You’ll mostly be using an English-style saddle. It’s better for formal and show riding, which is all you’ll need to do on horseback anyway. Stand on her left side. Great! Now, see everything that’s dangling off the saddle? Flip it all into the top of the saddle so nothing can accidentally hit her while you’re putting the saddle on. Put the saddle on her back on top of the pad, but center it so that there’s an inch of space all the way around. Now secure the saddle onto her. There’s a strap on either side of the saddle, called a girth. It’s the one without the metal at the ends. Lower that on both sides. Bring the one on the far side around to the side you’re standing on, under her belly, and attach it to the girth on your side. It should land just behind her front legs. If there’s a gap between her elbows and the girth, the saddle is too far back. Now attach the two sides. Make sure it’s secure. You should be able to get your hand between her belly and the girth, but it should be snug. Ok. Lower the stirrups.”
“We don’t have a guest room, so you’ll have to stay in Stevie’s room. I hope that’s alright…?” She looked around as if she was trying to come up with another option for Tony, if he said that
’ Bucky thought angrily as he walked into the workshop, then stopped. The genius was at his work table, with his arms folding on top, head resting on them, and fast asleep. In front of him was the prosthetic arm that he had been working on.
“Tony, I...I’m sorry! I know it’s inappropriate, because you’re the prince and I’m...
After carefully placing him on America’s back, Steve climbed onto the saddle, with the royal in front of him for safety, then reached over and grabbed Friday’s reins so that she would walk beside them as they rode, and they continued their journey.
“Barnes!” Tony called angrily once he was on the captain’s floor. “What the fuck did you do to my project?”
, Bucky!” He grabbed the feline’s arm and half-dragged, half-carried him to the car. Unfortunately, in his rush to leave, he forgot about his umbrella, so by the time they got to the car, they were both soaking wet, so now Steve had to worry about Bucky getting sick on top of everything else.
Pepper noticed the prince return and stopped speaking. After Tony gave the riding instructor back his clothes, they left, and as they did Steve could hear her telling him that she was not aware of what the conversation was going to be about, but asked him to be careful because the king seemed to be enraged, getting a “when isn't he?” in response.
rich or you sold one of your organs on the black market.”
The next morning, as Steve was heading to the kitchen for breakfast with the other servant, he overheard Natasha, the queen’s lady’s maid, and Wanda, a scullery maid, gossiping.
Steve sighed, then walked over to Bucky and gave him a hug, then loosened his arms, but kept them around his friend. “Listen to me. Ok, yes, the others might be a little bit surprised when they see you at first, but we’re the Avengers. We have a teammate who
“So, it’s from spending too much time with Hydra,” Tony muttered to himself as he used a magazine to sweep the bird into a garbage can. “Well, it makes sense that their level of crazy would rub off on Buckitty. Buckitty… Buck kitty. Kitty. Oh. Wait a minute!” He grabbed a Starkpad and did some research. “Well, of course he would bring me a dead bird. Cats bring their owners gifts sometimes! It all makes sense. He came to apologize, and brought me a present. That’s...a little creepy, but kinda sweet, too!” The billionaire sighed and got back to work on the prosthetic.
,’ Tony thought before going back to his task.
” He hit the hairdryer again.
The action made the prince wrinkle his nose and shuffle closer to his instructor, but he didn’t wake up. Steve chuckled. ‘
Natasha sighed.
Soon he was walking to the stables. When he got there, and Steve looked at him, the riding instructor rubbed his temples. “When I told you to wear something casual, that is
“I want you and Barnes to pack your bags as fast as you can, and start the quinjet. We’ll intercept once you’re in the air,” he said in a rush.
“He was saying sorry, you dumbass!” ‘
“How about a break, boys? I made you breakfast,” he said before giving them a charming smile and going back to the kitchen. Both men immediately stood and followed him.
“You know that I wouldn’t mind if you talked to me, right?” Bucky nodded his head up and down. “You still won’t talk to me, will you?” He didn’t wait for an answer and grabbed a notepad he had lying around. “Write if you want to,” he said before going back to his work, starting over on the piece he had been working on since last night, but just couldn’t get right. His hands were shaking and he was almost falling asleep on top of the soldering iron, but refused to go to sleep until it was completed.
The former assassin woke up again a few hours later and looked to his left. Tony was there, sitting in a chair, and looking at his Starkpad, but he looked up after a few seconds, when he felt somebody watching him.
They took everything of the wooden horse, brought it to the paddock, where Friday was waiting for them, and, after a “small” panic attack because of his fear, the prince was tasked with repeating the same process of saddling and bridling, but this time without help from his instructor. He was doing amazingly well, too! But as he went to get into the saddle, he slipped and fell. Thankfully, Steve was standing right next to him and was able to catch the royal before he could get hurt.
“Alright. How was your evening? I bet it was great. Mine was like every other evening. I fed and groomed the horses, then I took a ride on my horse, America. That’s the one with a white patch that looks like a star on his forehead. I always end up smelling like a horse after spending so much time around them, but I love what I do, so I guess it’s worth it. You mumbled a little while you were asleep this morning. It was very cute.” The riding instructor looked over at Tony and saw that he was fast asleep...and snoring a little bit. “Huh. I guess my voice really
“Of course, Captain. Hello, Sergeant Barnes.” The man visibly flinched at his rank. “Welcome to Avengers Tower! My name is F.R.I.D.A.Y. I’m an A.I., an artificial intelligence, built by Tony Stark. I’m integrated in almost every room in the Tower, as well as Boss’s Iron Man suits. If you need assistance with anything, please feel free to ask me.” Bucky gave a closed-mouth smile and he nodded.
“Got it!” The man stood up and tapped on the center of his chest. Nano robots formed an Iron Man suit around him, with the addition of a little sling for the child. As soon as the robots were finished, the genius bent down, grabbed the kid, and took off for the sky, leaving a giant hole in the roof of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s headquarters, just as the guards started to fire their weapons.
“Did I…? F.R.I.D.A.Y., play the security footage from the last few hours. I think I might be sleep-working again.” A screen popped up in front of him and he watched the last few hours in silence.
Tony nodded his head and the boy took out a smartphone from inside his pocket.
“I’m alright, but we should go to sleep. We have a lot of chores to do before we leave.”
“Yeah...that’s not how that works,” Steve said. “Come on, Buck.” He gently pushed his friend off of him. The hybrid retaliated by carefully sinking one of his canines, which was sharp like a cat’s, into the neck he had been hiding his face in, then letting go. He turned toward the doctor and waved back.
“Yes, of course, love.” Tony placed a chaste kiss on Steve's knuckles. “Go to sleep, Pep. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.” He kissed her cheek and followed the blond to his room.
“No.” He shook his head.
“I know it’s late, or early...and you’re tired, but...would you talk to me for a few minutes? Your voice will calm me down enough to sleep without getting a night terror. So...please?”
A/N: The song that Bucky sings in this chapter, and in Chapter 3, is a Russian lullaby entitled “Котя, котенька, коток”. Here are the lyrics in English:
“I heard that, too. But I also heard that after Their Majesties left the ball, the prince decided to stay the night because he wanted to...
"Oh. I should have contacted Mum to tell her I was safe. Damn. Alright. I’ll go see her first thing in the morning. Make the meeting after nine in the morning, please.” He came closer and whispered in her ear. “Get the kid some Stark tech, please. The communicator, a laptop, things like that."
“Coward,” the captain muttered, then spoke up. “Cliff’s Notes version: Bucky fell off a train in nineteen-forty-five, got kidnapped by Hydra, given
“Good night, Your Highness.”
“I’m going to the farmer’s market in Union Square. Wanna come with me?” the blond asked. The soldier’s cat ears perked up and he grinned happily, then stood up and ran to get dressed.
Steve watched his teammate for a few seconds before he realized what was going on. “Stark,” he said, slowly approaching the man. “Look at me. You need to breathe, Stark. In and out. In. Out. That’s right. Nice and slow. Good. In...out. You’ll be ok. Just concentrate on breathing. Good!” Eventually, the genius’s panic attack ended and his breathing was easier. “Better?” Tony nodded.
The riding instructor felt Tony lean against him, and looked over to see the royal sleeping. Knowing that they’d have to leave soon to get to his mother’s house, he paid the bill for their drinks and picked up the disguised prince.
?” the former assassin whispered in the blond’s ear, hopefully.
She gave him a warm smile. “Thank you. I was looking at your kingdom on the way to the castle, and there are some things that I would be interested in sharing with you. Areas of technology that I think you could improve on. When is the next time you’re available?”
“That’s fine. Just send me a text whenever you get home and we’ll have your lesson then.”
“But I don’t like it,” he complained, actually hitting the appliance.
“Just did.”
,” the soldier whispered again.
The former assassin lifted his arm in order to see the new symbol. It was a black star over an arc-reactor, with a thick red border around it. He grinned and purred.
! “F.R.I.D.A.Y.! Tell Buckitty that I need him down here! His arm is ready!”
“Where to, and what for?” the prince asked, trying to keep the conversation as short as possible.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
I would like to thank hello-shellhead (hello-shellhead.tumblr.com) for granting me permission to use a drawing on their tumblr as inspiration for this fic.
Bruce and his fellow doctors then started to dig the flesh to take all of the metal off. The sight made Tony cry, but the nurses only wiped his face and pretended that nothing happened.
“Mom, can you leave us alone for a second?” She nodded and went to the kitchen. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s torso in a hug. He could feel the prince hiccuping inside his arms.
“It’s a boy!” Tony greeted the super-soldier when he was inside with the kid. “Take JR for a minute. I want to get out of my suit.”
“Tony…” The prince scrunched up his nose and tried to go back to sleep. “Tony...we’re here.” He muttered a bit. “Come on, Tony. It’s time to wake up.” He sighed and opened his eyes to see Steve looking down at him.
“It’s ok if you don’t want to talk about it.” The blond put a hand on the prince's shoulder.
“извиняюсь,” the hybrid said again.
wants to know if I made tuna for breakfast.”
Tony did as he said, then smiled. “I did it! And on my first try, too!”
” Natasha was shocked. “But she’s so…She has a reputation for sleeping around, then spreading vicious rumors about the men she’s with! Surely the prince knows that and has better judgement than to spend the night with her!”
“We’ll give you anesthesia, of course!” Bruce said, seeing that the feline was getting nervous. “And you’ll be able to sleep through the whole operation.” The former assassin didn’t look happy about going through another surgery, but he agreed, knowing that it was the best option.
“I know, Buck. I don’t want to go either, but if this is the only way to keep you safe, then I have to.” Tony walked into the room. Steve and Bucky were sitting on the couch, with the feline in the captain’s lap, discussing the upcoming mission that the blond was supposed to leave for in an hour. It had been a week since the surgery, and the Avengers were finally ready to start going after Hydra. The hybrid rolled his eyes.
“This,” the blond said, pointing to the bags, “is the horses’ feed...their food.” He then pointed a large rectangular container. “And this is the bin that the horses’ feed goes into. What I’d like you to do is pour every bit of feed from all of the bags into the bin. Can you do that?” Tony nodded. Of course he could. ‘
“Well, who are you going to marry, then,” the king yelled. “The horse boy?”
“Hi, Stark. Thank you for coming so quickly. I didn’t know who else to call about...this.”
“Hello, Your Highness,” the riding instructor said, without any real enthusiasm. He almost sounded sad.
“Bye!” The royal closed the hologram of his instructor and started walking toward the throne room.
Tony mounted everything back in about fifteen minutes, just wanting Bucky’s pain to be over. He knew he wasn’t actually hurting because of the anesthesia, but the more time passed, the more Tony felt like the soldier wouldn’t make it.
“I'm sorry I’m late,” Tony said as he entered the room.
“Mmm...hmmm,” Bucky agreed sleepily, his eyes closing.
to be tired.”
“Yeah...he did,” Steve frowned, wondering how she found out about it. “How did you...how did you know?”
Bucky’s neck hurt, his skin was sticky, and the whole room felt a little too hot for his liking. He shifted to the side, snuggling closer to Steve. The night before, the captain had announced that he was going to bed, and the soldier had just...followed him into his bedroom.
“I’m hungry,” he whined.
“I’ll call Sam. He might be able to refer us to people that Bucky can see.”
help.”
!” The hybrid’s ears flattened in annoyance.
“Good. What’s going on?” He sat up.
see a puddy tat!”
“Well, Russian is better than nothing, I guess. F.R.I.D.A.Y., translate that for me.”
I will give you a piece of cake
“They aren’t feeding you properly in that damn castle, are they?” Sarah turned so her good eye faced Tony. “You’re the prince. You’ll be king one day. It’s your job to make sure everyone gets enough food.” Steve looked startled for a brief moment, before she responded, “Yes, I know he’s the prince. I’m not an idiot, Steven!”
my gwampa. He was just a weally nice old man who took cawe of me when I was with A.I.M. He even made me this!” He reached a hand up to the pink material. “We watched a video on making a vest using a sock, but it was too small, so we made it into a hat! It even has little holes for my eaws! See?!” The kid bent his head down and pointed to his ears. “But he was nice to me, and he wasn’t supposed to be, so they killed him.” He sniffled sadly. “That was the day S.H.I.E.L.D. came.”
“You never told me you knew the prince!” His eyes were glowing, and he looked at the royal like he wasn’t real. “Can I take a picture with you?”
suggest we
“Anthony, go get my son!” Bucky demanded. The billionaire looked between the two super-soldiers. Steve nodded, but internally he was shocked. He had never seen Bucky so protective of somebody that wasn’t him, nor automatically decide that that person was family! Not even Steve got the “family” title, and the two men had known each other almost since babyhood!
They heard the workshop door open. Steve stood in the doorway, his hair still wet from taking a shower first thing in the morning, and the feline wondered how the shirt he was wearing didn’t rip from how tight it was.
step is to put a halter on the horse, with a lead rope attached to it, and use that to tie her to a post, so she stays put.”
F.R.I.D.A.Y. ended the call.
Bucky was almost completely hidden under the shadow of the umbrella and behind Steve’s tall frame, holding the blond’s hand and keeping the metal one inside his pocket.
“Hi, Ma. Happy birthday!” He leaned down to hug her. The older lady was almost Tony’s height, and her blond hair almost unnoticeable within the white hair. One of her eyes was completely white. “This is Tony. Tony, this is my mom, Sarah.”
“No, you’re not,” the prince grumbled under his breath, but Steve ignored him and continued the lesson.
Tony was nervous about the idea but nodded anyway. “Where do I start?” he asked.
Котя – серенький хвосток,
“Who are you?” she asked.
“Shoot him if he tries to leave with it,” the Director ordered his guards. Tony quickly bent down to the child’s level.
“You’re scared,” Tony realized. “
“Yeah, Tony. I’m fine. You?” Steve frowned, not wanting his crush to be uncomfortable in any way.
“I’ll be back as soon as I can with Buckitty Junior. While I’m gone, ask F.R.I.D.A.Y. to find someplace for him to sleep. We’ll also have to get a bed, clothes, toys, and anything else you think he’ll want or need. She can help with that, too.” The two super-soldiers nodded, and Tony left.
“What is that?” the hybrid asked. “It’s cute.”
“Great! Let’s go, Buckitty! We have lots to do! Including building you a new arm! I don’t want Hydra tech in the Tower longer than absolutely necessary!” Tony walked out of the alley, not looking to see if the other two men were following him, and missing the twin glares behind his back at the nickname.
“Tonight, after dinner. You and Prince T’Challa should be all set up by then.” Right at that moment, Jarvis came in to the room to announce that dinner was ready to be served.
’ Steve thought to himself before replying, “If May allows him. Ask her, Pete.” Steve shrugged and took the box the boy brought for Sarah. “We need to leave by four.”
“Then please believe me when I say that she won’t bite you. Now keep gentle pressure on the bit so she doesn’t try to spit it out, and slip the crown of the bridle over her ears. Ok. You don’t have to, but she should get another treat for being good. Adjust the browband. It should always rest against her forehead and be set an inch or two below the base of her ears. Check from the front to make sure it's straight and isn't pinching her. While you’re doing that, check the headstall and cheek pieces to make sure everything is straight. Get in front of her to double-check everything.”
The hybrid’s ears and tail drooped in sadness. “I was just trying to help,” he sniffled.
The feline ate his breakfast, sickly sweet pancakes, quickly and ran to the workshop, the door of which opened for him immediately. The room was deserted, except for one of Tony’s bots, who was out of its charger to greet anyone who walked in, and keep them company. He looked around, but couldn’t see the business owner. As he was about to leave, he caught sight of the project that the mechanic had been working on while the hybrid watched, and had left unfinished. It was a new mechanical arm to replace the one the super-soldier currently had, one that wasn’t responsible for so many murders. It wasn’t fancy in its design yet, but he
Steve let go of the hug. His fingers traced the apples of Tony’s cheeks lightly to clean off the tears.
Once Tony got to the library, he saw his father sitting at a table and reading something on his Starkphone. The king didn’t bother to look up as his son approached.
“Right. Context. You need context. Steve found Bucky Barnes, who now has cat ears, cat eyes, and a tail. Steve asked me to let him live with us in the Tower. I’m building a new arm for Bucky. I don’t want Hydra tech in my building! I guess I fell asleep, and Bucky tried to help fix the arm. But he broke another part. I kind of yelled at him a little bit, then went back to my workshop to fix it. Bucky was just here. He put a dead bird...I think it’s a pigeon...on my worktable, threatened to murder me in Russian, and left!” ‘
“Maybe being with Hydra for that long made him a little crazy?”
“I’m going to the kitchen, then,” Bucky said, getting out of bed, and walked towards the door.
human, Stark.” The billionaire turned and saw Director Ross. ‘
Bucky looked up at Avengers Tower. Now that he was standing outside of his new home, he wasn’t so sure living there was a good idea. “Steve…” he whispered, taking a step back.
“It’s getting late. I should go home,” The prince said, but he didn’t really want to leave.
it was him! Now, once again… What. The.
“Can’t I just tell her to ‘stay’?”
“Bucky, stop!”
“It's fine, Your Highness. I know how busy your day can get when you’re trying to learn how to rule a kingdom,” Prince T’Challa replied, his sister, Princess Shuri, by his side.
press the bit next to her teeth. Once she opens her mouth, slip the bit, and the treat, into her mouth.”
“You’re right. It is late.” Sarah stood up and gathered all of her gifts. “You should just stay the night, then go home sometime tomorrow.”
“I’m sorry, Tony. I’m exhausted, I have a headache, and I have to get up early in the morning to do chores around the farm and in the house for my mom before we leave. I don’t want to fight with you. If you want to share the bed, that’s fine with me, but how would we do that?”
“The asshole, he...he knew I disliked horses. He does this shit to torture me!” Tony yelled, his face turning red, and the riding instructor frowned.
For your job -
“Excuse me?” They all turned to see a woman, wearing blue-gray scrubs that perfectly matched her eyes, standing close by. “My name is Cilly. I’m one of the nurses here for the Tower’s medbay.” The woman, who had half-bleached and half-shaved hair, slowly walked up to Bucky. “While the doctor is gone, may I take your vital signs?” she asked, speaking softly so as not to further scare the already nervous man. “I heard what Captain Rogers said about your past. I promise I won’t do anything more invasive than take your temperature. Captain, if you’d like to stay with your friend, you may.” Bucky nodded, and she lead the two men to another room with a bed, leaving the genius to go find Bruce, and calm him down if he could. “Please sit. I’d like to start with basic information so I can start a medical chart for you. Can you tell me your birthdate, how tall you are, and how much you weigh, Sergeant?”
"Uh...your voice relaxes me a lot, and this morning was the first time I slept well, and without nightmares. Can I
He dried his own tears and helped Steve clear the table, trying to mask his sadness. Sarah came back in the room and saw Tony with plates in his hands.
Steve turned Tony toward him, wiped his tears away, and gave the other man a gentle hug. “It’s alright,” he said. “I’m glad you told me about this. The first thing we have to do is help you conquer your fear. Maybe if you know more about horses, you’ll stop being scared of them. Our lessons are supposed to be in the afternoons, but I want you to meet me here every morning, too, so we’ll have lessons twice a day. We won’t be riding at first. I’ll just be teaching you about horses. The different breeds, how to take care of them...that kind of thing. Then, once you’re more comfortable around them, we’ll go back to having lessons just in the afternoons so I can teach you how to ride. What do you say, my prince? Do we have a deal?”
“Steve?” He turned. The feline was looking at the sketchbook the captain had left open. “Is that me?”
Steve smiled. ‘
Bruce looked down and pinched the bridge of his nose. When he looked back up, his eyes were green. “I’m sorry. I need to...not be here for a few minutes. The Other Guy wants to come out and” his voice suddenly changed to Hulk’s deeper growl, “smash puny men who hurt Kitty!” The scientist blinked and his eyes turned back to their usual brown color. “I’ll be back...eventually.” He turned and walked out of the workshop.
’ “I’m sorry for falling asleep. I didn’t get any sleep last night.”
Bucky looked proud of himself. “I fixed the elbow!” he whispered, happily, talking to Steve. “Anthony was stressed, so I helped! Zola taught me. And all my handlers made sure to break something on my arm after every wipe, to check that I still knew how to fix it. And I was always able to do it!”
“You did great,” the captain assured him, and the ringing in his ears stopped for a second. “Bucky is alright and in the recovery room. We’ll be able to see him in a few hours.”
“Tony, I don’t think he…”
“No, I’m not. We’re on a mission. I don’t have
“Hi, Buck! Stark thought it might be a nice surprise if I painted something on your arm. He said I could paint whatever I wanted as long as it wasn’t the red star that you had before. I chose my shield, but I’m making a few changes to how it looks, so you get your own design, and not just an exact copy. What do you think?”
He heard footsteps behind him and quickly turned around to see Tony entering the kitchen. He had dark bags under his eyes.
Steve hesitated. “...Should I be?”
“What’s going on?” He was a genius, but he was struggling to put the pieces together, which annoyed him, and made his words seem harsh.
“Do you know your full name?” He shook his head.
“Happy birthday, son,” the king said. Howard looked up from the document he had been reading on his Starkpad, turned off the device when he saw his son, and set it aside.
“Thank you, Cilly. I’ll take it from here,” he said. She nodded and left the room, closing the door behind her.
“Hello, darling! Are you back at the castle yet?” she asked.
“I know you have to go. What
“...of course they are. Can’t even sleep in on my own birthday…”
“Yeah, we can take you back by Friday.”
Bucky seemed sad for a second, almost depressed. Steve pulled him closer, wrapping his arms warmly around the soldier, in an attempt to comfort him.
“There’s a set of pajamas in the closet,” the riding instructor said, pointing to a wardrobe on the right-hand side of the room, then he pointed to the foot of the bed, where a chest was sitting. “Extra blankets and another pillow are in that chest. I’ll be downstairs if you need me.”
“Anthony is coming,” the hybrid announced to Steve. “I can hear him in the elevator.”
Two hours later, the blond walked out of the Tower’s elevator and onto his floor. He was absolutely exhausted, not in the mood to deal with any arguing that had happened between Bucky and Tony, and hadn’t been able to get that little boy’s face out of his mind. He just didn’t understand how somebody, or several somebodies, could treat someone…
Kitty - little, grey tail.
“Which ones?” ‘
When Tony came closer, Steve noticed the dark circles under his eyes, but decided not to say anything about it.
“Yeah, I see it, too!” The genius made a slight adjustment to get a better hold on the boy, then flew as fast as he could toward the jet. As they approached, a door on the jet opened, and Bucky was standing at the entrance, waiting to greet them.
“Maybe she has…” Their conversation changed to other gossip around the castle and Steve stopped listening.
Bucky blinked awake around mid-afternoon and immediately wrinkled his nose at the terrible smell of chemicals. He looked around the room to find the source, and saw Steve sitting by his left shoulder, bent almost in half, and concentrating on a design that he was painting on Bucky’s shoulder.
“Excuse my language,Your Highness, but that’s bullshit! I never heard him talking about anyone else ever since he met you and your, quote, ‘beautiful eyes and royal abs’.”
“I’ll let you know,” Peter screamed and jumped on the horse once again, pulling his hood over his head, and riding away as fast as he could.
“Let me finish, Stark! I thought it might have gotten lost and needed help finding its way home. But it wasn’t a cat…”
“I didn’t do anything...I just...let him stay after he told me he hasn’t had a good night’s sleep in a few years because of horrible nightmares. About that...you and Tony are pretty close, right? Do you know why he gets them?”
“What?” The prince was shocked. “But I
injected him with feline DNA to give him even more enhanced qualities. He’s more agile than me and has better hearing and eyesight. Unfortunately, there were things that they didn’t expect.” Bucky lowered his hood and took off his cap. Tony took a step back in shock. “Yeah. I was surprised, too. He went to the College to try to get his cat ears and tail removed, and his eyes fixed to look more human, but as soon as people saw him, they started screaming, so he ran here to hide, and I found him and called you right away.”
“How much will it cost me for you to leave us alone?” the business owner asked, before stepping into the room.
He sighed, sitting down across from the two teens with tony still fidgeting and glaring at his friends from a few feet away.
“Really?” steve asked feeling a sense a pride bubbling inside him even though he had idea no idea why this was affecting him. He had known Tony only for a few days now, but he was not sure what or why this boy was special.
“I love you sweetheart” he whispered into the silence and leaned down to kiss him once softly on his lips and put his free hand on Tony’s chest just above his heart , feeling the rhythm of it beating.
“Okay, okay” Steve said raising his hands up in the air
Steve sighed , shaking his head trying to forget about Tony and concentrate on the doombots.
“Tony, how much did you drink?” he asked as he kneeled down again in front of him
“sweetheart please” he said his own voice shaking as he kissed him once more “let me show you”
"I was just trying to talk to pepper , Mr. Roger's, but our boy got jealous and all up in my face"
"Tony! Let's go we are going to be late" tony was basically the epitome of showing up 'fashionably late' to everything. But I loved watching his face light up from the attention he received after making the perfect entrance.
“You did, I am so glad you are okay sweetheart” Steve didn’t want to think what would have happened if he hadn’t. Tony didn’t say anything after that only snuggling closer to Steve.
She hesitated for a few seconds and left quietly.
“one of the boys may or may not have landed on top of me" Steve cringed, at the thought of someone falling on the already small framed brunette.
“It’s a not a bribe , more like an apology” steve said daring to smile
“Happy birthday buddy” clint said as they entered the common kitchen, there was already pancakes on the table , courtesy of Clint apparently. When clint learned to cook , god only knows but atleast Steve was hungry enough to not care and just eat.
"Can you let Fury know I will be back in thirty minutes?" The agent nodded uncomfortable at the prospect having to inform Fury.
“Something wrong?” Tony nodded so quickly Steve wondered just how long he had been waiting for Steve to come back so he could confide in him and not tell the others.
Steve was still holding him up afraid that if he let’s go Tony’s legs will give out underneath him. He looked pale, sick and exhausted and Steve did not like that look on him at all. So as soon as Clint was done with a lot of squirming from Tony’s part Steve had quickly guided them back to bedroom.
“I know sweetheart” tony shook his head before Steve could continue
“you are upset" he accused , a pout forming on his tender lips
“Peggy" he said voice breathless as his eyes scanned the women sitting on Tony’s bed arms wrapped around him and fingers stroking through his hair.
“To take a cold shower” Steve said urging Tony to take his hand and tony finally did .
“they are best friends ,like, he’s home most of the time.” Tony shrugged.
“I was so sa- ad" he said sniffling in between and Steve kissed the now sweaty hair behind his ear.
“I have a few questions for you, will you look at me please?” Steve asked after he had had enough of Tony’s exaggerated chewing.
“You can sleep baby, I will be right here” he said as he noticed Tony’s eyes drifting close as they both silently watched the nurse strip the bed after bandaging his chest once again.
"Maybe three glasses of beer, nothing else. I swear" steve heart broke for him as tony tried to justify his drinking
“I hate you,  I hate everyone!” he mumbled as Steve pushed him back down and held him there for a few seconds until he was sure Tony wouldn’t move.
tony gave him a confused look as Steve reached up to caress the soft of Tony’s cheek letting his trail trail down his neck and settle on his chest just over the thumping of his heart.
“I want someone with him at all times, and I want a complete status analysis on the current situation by the time I wake. Can you please make sure of it?” he asked her as he grabbed a pudding cup from Tony’s uneaten evening snack the hospital had provided.
“Go Steve, he’s fine"
Tony frowned “I am going to be seventeen !”
“Are you alright?” Tony asked cocking his head slightly to the left his eyebrows rising ever so slightly.
He nodded, “he was injured a few days back, he refused to tell me how it happened. Only mentioned that it happened outside of school and that he didn’t want stane to know. Is he being targeted by someone? Do you have eyes on him?” Fury shook his head lightly
“yeah, yeah I am good.” He said
“It depends , on what your definition of making out entails.” He said
“So you haven’t contacted stane yet right? I know I said I wanted to make sure it’s ok for Tony to stay but ..”
“did it hurt?” Tony was blushing already not looking directly at Steve
“I know you are mad , but -" Steve shushed him
“I know it should, but I think I need to let him deal with this on his own or atleast that’s what he wants. And I that’s what I am going to let him do"
“I need a moment" he said getting up and walking to bathroom to wash his face. He was snapped out of his thoughts when natasha walked in while he was toweling dry his face.
“you are really biig" he heard not one chuckle but actually a few and his head whipped up to see rhodey and natasha and pepper standing at the door.
“I am not in the mood for gym” he muttered ,staring at the chalkboard behind Steve’s head.
They had all switched off their connections to shield base, knowing that their every move or conversation would be tracked by shield.
Steve pulled away just slightly, their lips barely grazing “I want you to understand,  that I am not going anywhere. Do you hear me?” he asked and felt Tony nod against his lips “good" he said before kissing him again. He bit Tony’s bottom lip hard enough to draw blood and Tony whimpered beneath him before giving in completely and crawled over his books into Steve’s arms.
“no” tony frowned and steves eyes darted up from the shirt he was throwing in the hamper along with tonys pants
“What the hell just happened here?” natasha asked clearly not happy .
“I’ll be very very gentle" he said as he helped Tony lay down against his mound of pillows. Steve pulled his pajama pants down and Tony blushed , it had been a while since he had gotten any such reaction from the teen.
“Yes you may, now give me a kiss please" he said pulling Tony by the blanket.
“breathe for me Tony” he said as he reached for the water and tony scoffed , clutching at his shirt tightly
“Hey, sorry we woke you up. I just came by to start you on your medications” Tony’s eyes widened when he remembered where he was and Steve went back to carding his fingers through Tony’s hair and he relaxed , if only a little.
“do you know what triggered it?” Bruce shook his head in negative “his friends said when he didn’t show up to physics they went looking for him and found him like that.”
Tony just sat there lost in his thoughts for the rest of the trip and Steve thought it was better to just keep quiet rather giving the kid more chances to ask questions.
“is he okay?” he asked with a shaky breath as he stood up on trembling limbs holding onto the glass for support.
Steve was grateful that these two were the ones Tony was comfortable with. He has known them for the few years he has been teaching and Steve knows that they are good kids.
“Okay, that’s good" steve said relieved and Clint continued
Pulling the blanket around his waist Steve crossed his arms around his chest and tilted his head back, eyes closed taking deep breaths.
The next time Tony woke , it was much more calm. They had reduced his pain medication and he woke groggy and tired
“Red stop green good" he kissed him again
By two PM steve was frantic , he wanted to find Tony.  he knew Tony was at school and knew that he was avoiding him. He had heard from Bruce that Tony did attend his morning class. He caught up rhodey just as he was about to enter biology
"That's enough, if you cannot talk it out in a civil manner you can both hash it out in detention." He stated walking away to write it up.
“How about you, everything okay down there?” the teen blushed profusely and nodded looking away .
“Ste-..nng" whatever he was about to say died down the moment steve pressed his own body down against Tony’s, his aching cock seeking friction from Tony’s.
Tony was on his knees , gasping for air his fingers clutching at the collar of his shirt . A layer of sweat covered his forehead and his hair was sticking to it.
Let me know what you guys think and thank you in advance !
“I am sorry little one , I didn’t mean to frighten you" thor said quickly and Tony grinned at him
Steve then stripped him off the towel leaving him completely naked and Tony immediately reached for the sheets to cover himself up but Steve pulled those away too. He was going to get the nurses to have everything changed anyways.
“Go take a shower and then we will talk" he frowned some more before nodded and holding up the shirt to Steve
"except, for the pasta, that was disgusting" Tony made a face.
Tony just rolled his eyes but Steve just wanted to steal one last kiss from him. He was leaving today after lunch, so this may as well be the last time he gets to see Tony before he leaves.
Steve’s reflex didn’t waste even a second before wrapping an arm around tony to keep him from following his books in a rapid descent towards the floor. But the second his arm made contact with tony, He was met with a flinch. It was only a slight one and Steve wouldn’t have noticed if he hadn’t had his arms around the boy. He let go immediately, hands hovering around Tony’s elbow waiting for him to stabilise.
“Are you okay to drive back? Or should I have someone drop you both home?”
Steve was hoping it was the latter because it had been a while since he had slept in like this and he didn’t Want someone waking him up just yet.
(See the end of the chapter for
He asked them and they did as told understanding that Steve was asking for some privacy. Steve picked up the mask and held in front of Tony not wanting to force it on him.
“so I knew I had to calm him down , and In case I wasn’t able to , I didn't want Bucky to know that you were associated with  me in any  way af it would give him more incentive to harm you.”
“How is he doing?” Bruce asked as he injected something into Tony’s IV cannula. He checked the leads on Tony’s chest to see if they are secure before he settled down on a chair.
“Mmm you don’t play fair" Tony whimpered as Steve bit his lower lip.
“Captain America, fancy meeting you here. Tony don’t create a scene let’s go"
“More like gym class is avoiding me” he said sheepish but still flashing a smile.
Steve missed him, he missed holding him and caring for him, missed that little smile he gives only around Steve when he was incredibly shy and he missed being wanted by Tony.
“By you” and Tony’s wide eyes turned downcast with guilt
“Right, sorry.” He said and tugged on Tony’s hand until he dropped the slice and looked up at him
“Are you sure?” because tony had been so reluctant to even let Steve near him all this while.
“I am fine , good actually. Needed the sleep more than I thought.” He received nods from them before he realized he didn’t even know what time it was
Steve was particularly happy for the third day because Bruce had mentioned they could finally get the catheter out and let him move around some. He was told that Tony needed endurance training after this as part of his physical therapy. Since his long capacity had reduced after placing the casing.
Waving at the coach at the end of the room , he met him halfway across the side of the court.
“,deep breaths for me please" the doctor ordered and Tony followed and Steve watched his reaction carefully for any signs of indifference.
“Are you asking me or telling me baby?” he asked as he smiled at the blush across his chest.
“How can I lie to him?”
Steve taken out of his own reverie as he realized he was being preached by Clint, the one who is always joking around and never things seriously. That’s when he realized how terrible he must look for Clint to actually drop this face and get serious with Steve. He smiled gratefully at him , and took the towel Clint offered offered him.
“comfy?” bruce asked and Tony nodded , even if he absolutely was not.
______________________________________________________
“Twenty minutes Tony.  Trust me,  your achy muscles will thank you for this in the future” he said before crouching down to kiss him on his head and headed out chuckling at Tony’s scowl for having to sit there in the water against his will.
He shuddered at the thought his face suddenly lacking all the smugness from before ,he pulled Tony’s feet down his fists balling up as he tried not picture the damage he could cause.
“I’ll get the wrap, stay here.”
“Sweetheart,  come on , I need you to atleast try" he said waiting as Tony finally turned to look at him.
“tony ,hey look at me” Steve asked gently pulling on his hand to get his attention. He held up the letter to him “I got permission from the principal for you to go home for the day”
He felt like he had just fallen asleep when his ears were filled with the shrill ringtone of his new phone that one of the agents had given him because the old one had been ttrashed.he quickly wiped the sleep out of his face blindly reaching of new handset flicking the screen to put the call through.
“Yeah"
Enjoy!
Tony looked taken aback by his response but he quickly schooled his expression and walked out.
Clint nodded “the blast shook the train a little, but no one inside it was injured. An agent is driving her home as we speak.”
“Steve this better be important, I am in the middle of something” came the voice on the other side of the line.
Rhodey looked up at Steve with questioning eyes and Steve shook his head lightly trying to convey that he shouldn’t wake the teen. Pepper smiled next to them and leaned over to whisper in rhodeys ear, he then gently pushed Tony off himself letting his head fall into his arms on the desk and they left silently.
“I didn’t like the color and stop it” he said yanking his hand out of Steve’s frowning at him unhappily while Steve ignored him, tugging on the hem of his shirt which made tony startle and lean as far away from him as possible
Thor was,  well thor . He was seated comfortably eating sugary treats he had pawned off of a shield agent. That man hadn’t even been scratched.
It all happened at once, the door on the trains closing, pepper screaming for tony and Tony’s frowning glare aimed at him. And of course the blast that shook the platform as Steve all but wrapped himself around the teen covering as much flesh as possible before he felt themselves being thrown at the wall behind them. The searing pain at the back of his head made things fuzzy after that.
’ Steve realized, having seen a lot of stray cats when he was growing up in Brooklyn. “What’s wrong, pal?”
“Very large, very sharp teeth and beady eyes at one end, and a tail that could knock me off my feet at the other. Not to mention the hooves that could crush my bones, and the fact that it could decide to sit on me, which would probably kill me instantly.”
“I think he’d like that. Do you want to go back outside to get a present for him?”
“You are, but I remember your parents. Maria and Howard were always together...holding hands, kissing…” She sighed. “It was horrible the way Howard abandoned both of you when she got pregnant.”
“Do you have any plums?” he asked, knowing that they were his friend’s favorite. She guided him toward the plums, in-between peaches and apricots.
to. And I’ll even get permission from your mom so she doesn’t yell at you. After all...” Tony batted his eyelashes and tried to look as innocent as possible. “...you’re teaching me about horses, and how to ride them, and trying to help me get over my fear of them, and your mom was kind enough to allow me into her home and let me stay for the night. It just wouldn’t be fair of me not to do something to repay you for all the kindness you both have shown me.”
The genius was asleep before Bucky had even gotten half-way through the lullaby, so he missed JR’s sleepy “I love you, Mama” as he too drifted off to sleep.
when you’re tired!”
“So, a dog, then?” The genius had to take a deep breath to control his temper. “Why am I here, Rogers? You’re perfectly capable of taking the dog to the shelter on your own.”
When he got there, he walked up to the receptionist’s desk. “Hi. I heard that S.H.I.E.L.D. uncovered some illegal experiments. I’d like to see them.”
“Well, first, we put Bucky’s new arm on. Then we Assemble and come up with a plan for going after fucking Hydra,” Tony said decisively. Steve nodded.
version of the same serum I got, then had his memory wiped and was forcibly turned into the Winter Soldier. Then they injected him with feline DNA to make him a better assassin for them. The DNA gave him cat ears and a tail, and changed his eyes to be more like a cat’s, so he’s more limber than I am, and has better eyesight and hearing.”
“Keep JR safe. Keep
“Tell me again
“He’s not an experiment!” the business owner argued. “He’s a little boy who is very sick and needs a doctor! It’s a basic human right!”
“Yes, Mum.”
“We spoke this morning while he was getting ready to meet you. The nightmares, he mentioned you made them stop.”
Tony’s dirty gloves gripped the stretcher handles, and he was pretty sure his knuckles were white underneath it. He let go and his hands hurt from being so tense.
Steve didn’t notice that the prince had fallen asleep at first, but when he did, felt bad waking the young prince up, so he let Tony lean against him and put a hand on his hair, delicately brushing the dark strands away from his face.
“Anthony, by the end of the evening, I expect you to ask for the princess’s hand in marriage,” his father commanded.
Two hours later, Tony walked out of the castle and toward the livery yard where Steve was waiting for him. “Good morning!” he called when he was within hearing distance of his instructor, who was moving barrels of hay.
“Groom her and make sure there are no sores. And do it every time I want to go for a ride,” the prince repeated obediently.
“I’ll be there in a few minutes.” The queen nodded and closed her end of the call. The prince tapped on Steve’s hologram and was reconnected with him. “Hi. I’m really sorry, but I have to go. We have guests coming, and my father and mum want me to be there to greet them.”
“A little bit, yeah.” The riding instructor rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly.
Steve saw the smirk on the other man’s face, but his mind told him the royal was either playing with his feelings or it was just a mistake. He took a moment to think about it, and realized it was probably the latter, since the Queen called everyone who worked in the castle “darling”, so maybe Tony just picked up her habit.
“Hi, kitten!” Tony said when Bucky walked in. The feline purred in response to the term of affection. “Your new arm is ready.”
, and
“Hey, James,” the billionaire said when he saw Bucky, who had moved to sit at the kitchen table, but there was no response. “Why do I even bother?” he whispered to himself.
’ He tapped on his communicator. “Where are you?” he demanded before the other man could speak. His words came out angrier than he meant them to. The prince took a deep breath. “I’m sorry, Steve. I’m just really upset. I got into an argument with my father a few minutes ago.”
“Hello, Ma’am.”
Drama cat…” The blond muttered to himself. “What’s your ETA, Tony?”
“Hello, dearest!” Queen Peggy said.
“Hi! How was your nap?”
high up! “JR? Yeah. Hi. Yes, I told you to hold on as tight as you can, but I still need to be able to breathe. Loosen your death grip just a tiny bit, please. Thank you.”
“Hmmm...I’m sorry that my clothes don’t fit you very well,” the blond said when he looked at the royal. The shirt Tony was wearing went down to the middle of his thighs, and the boots made him look like he was a little kid playing dress-up with his father’s shoes. He just shrugged and waited for his question to be answered.
“I will. Bye, Stark.” As she was hanging up, the mechanic could have sworn he heard Clint in the background, saying that the tacos were ready.
“That is
“That is true…” the riding instructor said. “Well, since this is your first time riding by yourself, we’ll go slow. Just watch me, and do everything I do. If you need help with anything, let me know, ok?” The prince nodded and the two men started in their way.
“I can ride her with you, if you’re scared,” Steve offered a few minutes later, while helping the prince onto Friday’s back. The brunet had borrowed some of his instructor’s clothing again to blend in with the commoners.
“I assumed you knew!”
a phone. This is a
,’ he thought to himself as he looked at his present from Tony. As he looked at it, he saw what the genius had been having trouble with. He tried to remember everything Zola once taught him, in case he damaged his arm during a mission and had no one around that could fix it for him. Maybe if he helped Tony fix
“But you’re tired!”
“‘We’? You got him?” the captain asked.
“Let me call an ambulance.”
After the class, Tony still had a little time before lunch would be served at noon. He headed to the royal library, searching avidly for a book he read a few years before, about thermonuclear astrophysics. He stopped only when Jarvis called him to go to the dining hall, disappointed because he didn’t find the book he was looking for. It was partly his fault for never putting the books back in the right place. In the afternoon, Tony had more classes before going back to the library, continuing his search for his precious book, finally finding it in the kids’ section, for some reason. He read and studied until he realized it was too late to be in the library, and that Jarvis and Happy were probably looking for him.
? Are you ok? Do we have to get you to medbay? Is everyone else ok? How was your mission? Did you take down Hydra?” Bucky turned to wake up the businessman.
“Tests. He wants to do tests. Hydra did tests, too. They wanted to see how good my eyesight and hearing was at first. Then they wanted to test my healing abilities to see how long different types of injuries would take to heal. They hurt
Loki trying to do that?” He sighed, got out of bed, and started getting dressed. “...Crap. Ok. Hang on. I’ll go put on a suit and fly to your location. Where are you, by the way? I can be there in ten minutes. Did you call the others yet, or do you want me to have F.R.I.D.A.Y. do it?”
Under the early morning light, Steve could see the bags under the prince’s eyes more clearly. They let the horses rest for a while and sat down at a restaurant on the side of the road. It wasn’t as fancy as the ones Tony was used to, but it was good enough. The prince asked for beer, but was too tired to drink much of it. He let his head rest on the other man’s shoulder, and fell asleep before he could thank his instructor again for taking him to the village.
“Hey, look at me baby" he said pulling away slightly and Tony pouted at him “I am not mad, atleast I am not anymore. I am sorry you had to do this alone so far but I am here now and I am not going anywhere” he told him firmly before giving him a kiss.
Tony was on his knees, his hands clawing at his shirt collar. His hair was matted to his forehead, Steve could see the sweat glistening there as he gasped for breath unaware of their presence. Steve had a very good idea as to what was happening but he had to make sure first.
“I am going to check okay?” he said prying the cover from his hands as he continued brushing his his hands through his hair to calm him down.
Tony was excited about the birthday because he would legally be an adult but Steve knew he had been terrified out of his mind because in Howard’s will , it was mentioned that once Tony was eighteen the company would go to him and Tony had admitted to him that he didn’t know anything about running a company.
“Okay calm down there .” clint said un buckling as he stood up stretching his legs as the quinjet docked.
He looked up seeing the concerned faces of  her classmates
“you are not my father, you don’t get to decide what’s good for me and neither is obie” Steve knew he was exhausted and these arguments were only last threads he using to hang on. But he was failing miserably and Steve hated taking advantage of them in this state.
“Just somethings here and there, I remember you being there the whole time and maybe a little of Clint and nat and bruce poking and prodding every now and then. I hated it when he cleaned the casing , that hurt a lot”
I saw a puddy tat!” the billionaire said. “I
“Thank you!” Tony said gratefully before taking the clothes from him going to the back of the stables to change. As soon as he was ready, he came back to see that Steve had moved three heavy bags over to a very large container that was on a raised platform. “What’s that?” he asked, as his instructor pulled out a pocket knife to cut open one of the bags, which looked like it was full of...seeds? Tony wasn’t sure.
lie to you! Think, Buck! In all the years you’ve known me, have I ever lied to you?” The other super-soldier shook his head. “Exactly. So, why would I start now?”
“What the fuck?” Steve muttered to himself as he watched the scene. As the minutes clicked by, with no end in sight to the soldier’s fight with the pigeon, the captain got more and more nervous. If he kept chasing the bird, his hat would fall off, and his secret would be exposed, which was something that the blond
“‘I see you're struggling with the arm. You're beautiful when you're so focused on something, even though you look so tired. I wish I could make you sleep better, and cuddle you and Steve all night. I usually don't talk to you because I’m not really comfortable speaking. I’m not trying to be mean, I just… They used to hurt me if I spoke without being spoken to, so I don’t really talk anymore. I don’t think you’ll hurt me, but I’ve learned that it’s safer to not talk around people I don’t know that well. I’m sorry! I hope you don't hate me. Love your eyes. Kisses, Bucky’,” she responded after a moment. The mechanic frowned.
“GET OUT!” King Howard screamed at his son.
Briefly remembering a song that his handler in Hydra sang to him during their missions, he whispered the lyrics to himself, trying to fall back asleep.
“Yes, you are,” the captain said, leaning closer. When Bucky thought Steve was going to press their lips together, he moved his chin up and kissed the feline’s nose, then pulled back. “Go back to sleep, Buck. Somebody will be here when you wake up again.” He stood up, tucked the blankets around his friend, and gently stroked one of the feline’s ears until he was asleep.
“First, he doesn’t leave the Tower without
“So they can distract you? No. You and your mother and I only.”
“Good. Sleepy. Thank you for my new arm, Anthony. It’s pretty,” he whispered tiredly.
“It’s ‘James Roger Stark, Junior’ now. ‘JR’, for short.” The boy grinned, then suddenly stopped as he looked over the genius’s shoulder. Tony turned and moved over slightly so he was shielding the little boy.
“Hi! Everything’s all set for your lesson!” The riding instructor lead the prince to a wooden structure that was the shape and size of a pony, with a saddle and other equipment laying on the grass next to it. “You’re going to practice getting this horse ready to ride, then climb into the saddle. If that goes well, we’ll try doing the same thing on your horse.”
The genius grabbed a Captain America mug from the dishwasher, filled it with coffee, and walked towards the elevator that lead to the workshop he had so carefully created for himself.
.” Tony activated his communicator bracelet, opening the camera mode. “Come closer.” Peter did and he took the picture, sending it to the child’s phone with an easy swiping motion.
Being in Avengers Tower had its benefits. It was at least one level higher than all of the other buildings around them, which meant he could watch the sunrise from the kitchen window while his coffee brewed. His friend had taught him how to use the coffee maker last night, and had even left out the instruction booklet in case he got confused. When it was finally finished, he poured himself a cup, and then burnt his tongue on the hot beverage.
“I don’t like the water, Stevie!” the other super-soldier pouted, glaring at the bathtub.
“Not a date, just...a friend to keep me company. I don’t know anyone from Jotunheim.”
“Oh. Um...I might be late in the morning. I’m being forced to go to a ball in Jotunheim tonight and I’m not sure what time I’ll get back.”
“He said ‘sorry, you dumbass’?” ‘
“I’m sorry, Your Highness! I didn’t know that it was you. Please forgive me!”
After an hour, the prince was dressed and ready to go meet his instructor.
Come to us and stay the night,
Before they entered the house, Tony wished her a happy birthday and opened the door for her.
“I was just getting coffee ready. Sit down,” Sarah gestured to the table. Both of them sat and she carried two more plates to the living room, setting them down, one in front of each. She put a pastry in their plates. “You look so thin, Stevie! Eat something!”
“You know, when you talked about getting a cat, I was
“Shut up and listen, Stark! Loki isn’t trying to take over the world today. You know he waits until Thursdays to do that to mess with Thor. The Avengers don’t need to assemble, but I need you to get to my location as soon as possible. I’m across the street from the New York Medical College. There’s a...” The captain hesitated and turned to look in the alley behind him. “...situation that only you and I, and possibly Doctor Banner, can handle.”
“Great! Good night, Steve!” The royal lay his head on the blond’s chest and closed his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
After several hours, the party finally ended and all three of them were exhausted.
Steve looked back at whoever he had been talking to when the business owner arrived. “Come on. It’s ok. Tony’s here to help. He’s Howard’s son. You remember Howard, right? The man who made my shield?” Nobody responded, but there was a slight rustling noise as someone stood up. “Good. It’s ok. You’re safe. Tony wouldn’t hurt you.” Captain Rogers stood up and slowly lead somebody out of the shadows where they had been hiding. When the person was finally in view, Tony saw that whoever it was was wearing dark jeans, a hoodie that had been pulled up over their head, and a baseball cap that was pulled down low so he couldn’t see the other person’s eyes, and their chin was almost touching their chest.
Bucky wondered if the other man was just upset and ignoring him for his own sake, or if he had done something wrong, but all of his doubts went away as soon as the space between his cat ears, on top of his head, was petted.
“I don’t know, but…” The prince was cut off by the vibration of his communicator. He took a few deep breaths to calm down, then double-tapped the top of the device, and a hologram of his childhood friend, Virginia, who now worked as the Stark family reeve, appeared above the bracelet.
“Bucky saw that you were stressed, so he tried to help by fixing the elbow for you,” the super-soldier translated for the businessman, deciding to leave out the parts about Hydra.
Steve held his hand from under the table, stroking the back of it with his thumb in a vain attempt of calming him down. The blond noticed the prince had some difficulty breathing, so he did his best to help him breathe properly again, trying to stop a possible panic attack.
“Surprise!” several voices yelled out. He stepped back as several people came up to give her hugs.
are you scared? F.R.I.D.A.Y., what did he say? Why is he scared?”
“Crap,” Tony swore quietly. “We shouldn’t go to Clint’s. That safe house… safe farm?... was given to him by S.H.I.E.L.D., which means that they know about it. JR won’t be safe there! And this is their quinjet! They probably have a GPS tracker on it. No, I’m gonna go wake up the kid and take him someplace safer. I wonder if T’Challa will let us stay?” He took a step toward the sleeping child but wasn’t able to get any closer because the captain had a firm grip on his shoulder.
Steve stayed silent, with a blank expression on his face. He walked over to where Bucky was still kneeling, and slowly and gently reached his hand forward to rest it on the former assassin’s shoulder. As soon as it made contact, the feline let out a pitiful kitten-like cry, crawled into the captain’s lap, and wrapped his arms around the blond. Captain Rogers couldn’t think of anything to do except rub the man’s back to try to calm him.
“I might,” Tony yelled back. “He’s the only one who’s ever treated me like a human being around here!”
“Yeah. So what?” The soldier already knew that they had it for dinner, but couldn’t understand why that meant they couldn’t have the same thing for breakfast. And lunch. And dinner that night. And also tomorrow’s breakfast.
“I’ll be fine. If it’s easier, I have my communicator, so I can send Happy a text and ask him to come get me.”
“Yeah, we can. We’ll see you soon.” He disconnected the call.
!” Steve said grumpily.
Tony stood, said goodbye to his mother, and left. Once outside, he saw someone on horseback, but didn’t pay them much attention, other than to note that the rider seemed very experienced. When he reached the stables, the young royal leaned against the left side of the frame, with his back to the yard, and pulled out a cigarette and the lighter. After a few minutes, he heard a voice behind him.
“A surprise, Mother? What is it?”
should tell Bruce.”
“I believe Stark should attach it. He is the most experienced, after all,” Stephen Strange commented. Tony asked him to assist them through video-conference.
“Mmhmm. What’s next?” Tony asked, wanting to keep busy.
might not mind, but I do!” Tony looked at the bed, deep in thought. “No, we’ll just… We’ll share the bed.”
holding cells are only for the most dangerous experiments. The less dangerous ones are put in cells higher up.” Tony was lead out of the elevator and down a long hallway to the right. They stopped at a heavy metal door on the left-hand side just before the hall intersected with another one. The agent unlocked the door to reveal a tiny room with just enough space for a twin bed, table, and lamp.
As the elevator started moving, F.R.I.D.A.Y. spoke up again. “Captain, Doctor Banner has just informed me that he’d like to meet you and Bucky in the medbay. Shall I take you there instead?”
“Fine. Tell Brucie I’ll give him three minutes. This is more important.” He turned to the hybrid, who was crouched down into a fetal position in the far left corner if the room, with his back against the wall. Tony stepped over to him and bent down so they were eye-level. “Bucky? What’s wrong?”
“Oh! Hello, Steven. Do you need anything else today?” she asked, already packing the fruits the captain always asked for.
“Good,” Tony replied. ‘
“I didn’t know you were seeing a girl.”
“I slept great!” Tony grinned. “Thank you for letting me stay. I’m not sure if I’ve thanked you yet. I should have. I really do appreciate it. You didn’t have to. I know I’m the prince and you’re my instructor, but you could have said no and—”
They rode towards the village until the sun rose again. Tony was almost falling asleep on top of Friday, but Steve was still wide awake.
“I doubt it. Now, where is my godson?”
"No, it's just... We never got that order, Agent Romanoff".
He found the billionaire standing outside, looking at the beautiful gardens ahead.
Tony’s smile was even more beautiful in person than it was in the magazines.
“You’re the bravest person I’ve ever met”, Steve whispered in his ear.
, but didn’t say anything, merely shook his head with a sigh.
“Can I ask you something?”
“You’re pretty good at this”, Tony whispered, looking up at Steve as he finished the knot.
He had to tell Ty. Did he even want kids? They’d never talked about it before. I mean, sure, they were going to get married soon, but kids? Kids were a whole different story.
“Just… Leave me alone, please”, Tony replied, sounding more tired and defeated than he had ever done in his entire life, “Just looking at you makes me feel like someone’s ripping my heart in pieces. We’re done, Steve. Leave me alone”.
“There was a call to the cops from one of the phones in the towers a few minutes ago. Someone named Jarvis reported that Obadiah Stane was in the building with an unconscious victim”.
The rest of the morning went by without too much trouble. At first, he tried to concentrate on his work, but failed miserably and quickly gave up, focusing all of his attention on making sure his date with Tony was the best the mechanic had ever had. He made reservations to the best and most expensive restaurant he could find. Then, he called Happy and told him to buy a box of Swiss chocolates. Steve was in the middle of deciding whether he should rent a limousine or not when Bucky came in, looking sly.
Tony and Steve have a 'date' and some things are uncovered.
Natasha got up from her chair, taking the SHIELD badge from the desk in a swift move.
He said nothing for a moment before sighing again and whispering
Also, if you liked it, leave a comment and follow me on tumblr! I'm thinking of doing a series of drabbles and I'd love to have some readers over there ;D
“You are the most beautiful princess in the whole wide world and your dress is the prettiest dress in the whole universe!” he exclaimed, throwing her up again, only to catch her immediately after.
“You KNOW I can’t have coconut. You KNOW I’m allergic, God, you’re so insensitive! So what, I’m not gonna have cake at my own wedding because YOU just needed to have the coconut cake, is that right?”
This is it, guys. The story is done. It's over. I hope you guys enjoyed it and I can't wait to hear what you think.
So, on a Monday, he got up, got dressed, and left the apartment, somewhat ready to face the day. And found Steve sitting on the ground, just outside his building, with a bouquet of flowers on his hand.
“Widow, Hawkeye, walk behind us and keep your eyes open. We’re going in”.
“Uh, guys?”
“Tony looked uncomfortable the entire night”, Steve said, ignoring his friend’s words, “so I finally asked him what was wrong, if I had done something that he didn’t like. And he told me that he’d had some contact with
“I was so scared”, he replied, burying his face on his lover’s chest.
“Breathtaking, isn’t it? I’m glad you decided to move the wedding here”, Tony said when he noticed Steve approaching.
“You promise?”
“If I recall, that night it was actually
“Do you know how many men I’ve killed, Rogers?”
A ship. Natasha did her best to make sure her expression did not change, even though her mind was in a turmoil. A ship; she remembered something about a ship, but couldn't recall why exactly it was important.
“Do the Ten Rings usually work in that area?” Clint asked with his mouth full.
Once again, Tony moved his hands and, with a snap of his fingers, a red line appeared on the hologram, showing everyone the exact path Natasha would have to make.
of her high heels hitting the cold floor echoing through the empty corridor.
In the end, and after many, many,
Project Rebirth, as Steve soon learned, was a super secret experiment funded by a even more super secret organization. Basically, Dr. Erskine, with the help of another scientist that remained unnamed, had created a special serum that could give person injected with it super human abilities. Steve would be bigger, faster, stronger. He would become the ultimate soldier and he would be contractually obligated to work for SHIELD for the next ten years of his life, at least.
“How long, J.?”
“No, you shouldn’t. But I understand how terrible you feel right now. And I’ll forgive you if you come with me”.
“Nonsense! Anything I can do to make this easier on you two! I know how hard planning a wedding can be for the couple, I remember when Pepper and Happy got married, it was a nightmare, so you can rest assured I’ll do everything in my power to make this whole thing as smooth as possible for you two!”
Steve thought to himself. Both the doctor and Tony himself, not to mention the very annoyed nurse, had told him the delivery would take a few hours due to the preparations, so he might as well distract himself while getting Tony a balloon or something.
Everyone – except Tony and Steve, who were still gazing longingly into each other’s eyes – turned to glare at Barton, who looked affronted.
“Doesn’t look as good on me, Shellhead”, a soft, hoarse voice responded.
. The other two, left and right respectively, said
and protect
There’s a sudden look of surprise in Steve’s face as he finally understood what Tony was trying to say.
“Well, at least we know it works, right?” Clint asked, seeming not very sure of his own words.
“We’re on our way”, he replied, taking a turn just as he hung up the phone, "It was Natasha. We’re supposed to meet the Director now”.
Rhodes nodded sharply.
“Why the ever loving fuck not? Are you embarrassed of us or something?”, Bucky asked, feigning offense.
Jessica nodded. “Stane probably paid them off. Who’s the he in this story? The guy who scared you into doing this?”
“Trust me, Jessica can hold one hell of a grudge. Tell her I sent you her way”, he replied, closing his suitcase, “Best of all, you can trust her”.
Only, when Steve opened the door, he didn’t immediately invite Tony in, which was odd on itself. He kept the door somewhat closed and, when he smiled, it looked more like a grimace than a actually “happy to see you” smile.
she thought to herself, gesturing to the waitress for more coffee.
Steve was very much aware of that. He could actually feel his entire face and chest burning red with embarrassment as Tony smiled at him, showing him the drawing.
. They tasted like late nights at the kitchen, where a little boy ate chocolate chip cookies and drank warm milk. They tasted like a long conversation about robots and space and science. They tasted like the loving hug of a butler that was more a father to him than his own blood father. They tasted like home, the home that Tony had desperately wished for as a child, and only got glimpses of.
Suddenly, Bucky dropped his fork on his plate, making a very loud sound, “Sure, you want the coconut one. God, Steve, could you be more of a dick?”
“I must go”, the doctor said. He turned back to Tony before opening the door, “Be careful with who you trust, Mr. Stark”, and, with that, he left.
“No, dumbass, I mean it’s weird that this random guy you met at the supermarket is sending you pictures of a baby that hasn’t even been born yet”, Bucky countered, rolling his eyes and sitting next to Steve, passing him a beer.
“I get that. And, to be honest, I’d much rather if you didn’t, but that dumbass is head over heels in love with you. You’re going to break his heart”.
“Got it”, Clint called, fishing a blue keycard from the floor and carrying it towards Tony with his arm stretched in front of him while he murmured
“You were right”.
“Oh my God”, Natasha said, holding her stomach as she laughed hysterically, “Oh my God, Tony!”
Steve nodded. “I just proposed to my girlfriend of three years and she said no”.
Tony didn’t know how, but all at once his legs started working again and he quickly followed the medical crew, desperately trying to get close to the stretcher where Steve
“I’ve been around you long enough to know that you’re about to come up with a really bad plan”, she replied with a suffering sigh.
“That’s what the guy meant when he said they didn’t know, I guess. She’s killed the people who knew what was going on, the people who hurt her”.
Natasha did not move, didn't even blink, but the mere mention of Stark's name was enough to make her pay attention to the conversation happening in front of her.
“Until me”, the mechanic said, looking smug.
DUM-E stopped moving, but turned his claw, still confused.
Peter closed his eyes once more and scrunched his nose in concentration. Suddenly, in the blink of an eye, a small white cat was standing in the boy’s place. He looked at his own tiny paws and then shook his butt, as if preparing to jump. He meowed to the rest of the gang, ignoring their comments on how cute he looked, and turned to the clearing, going down the small hill and towards the cages with dexterity. He was careful enough to hid in the nearby bushes whenever a goblin passed by and made his way slowly to the biggest cage, where a big, brown bear sat, looking very sad. He got as close as he could, observing the bear. It had just occurred to him that, if he let the bear go, he’d probably attack not only the goblins, but his friends as well.
“I know, right? I can’t stop looking at her”.
fault the boy escaped”, Stane said before slamming his phone on the desk, touching his forehead with both hands, feeling one hell of a headache coming.
She pushed the little bear in a pink tutu closer to Steve. He took it from her hands and examined it with little interest. It was cute, no doubt about that, but it didn’t feel like something Morgan would like – not that Morgan was old enough to like anything just yet. He looked around, trying to find something more appropriate when his eyes fell on it. He smiled and pointed at it.
“So, are you really alright? Is the baby okay?”
He helped Tony up and out of the store, leaving some money to the woman on the nearest counter as he quickly explained the situation, and was about to call an Uber when Tony mentioned his car parked right outside. As quickly as he could, Steve drove to the nearest hospital, holding Tony’s hand and calming him down during the whole ride.
"... attacked last night by Russian terrorist, Ivan Vanko, who was previously believed to be dead. Sources say that Justin Hammer, CEO of Hammer Industries, not only aided Vanko in his escape, but also harbored the criminal in one of his facilities, where Vanko built the robots Hammer later introduced at the Stark Expo as his own creations".
“Sounds easy enough”, Natasha replied with a very serious look on her face.
It’s a pretty special moment, I get why he’s so excited.
“Told you”, Tony replied all smug.
And that was exactly what Tony did that night, after sending a quick, very sarcastic, text back to Steve. He just closed his eyes and thought of Steve’s smile, his eyes, his big, strong hands, completely unaware that Steve was doing the exact same thing a few blocks away from there.
“Fair enough. Is everyone else coming as well?”
“Hey… Are you going on a business trip again?” He asked, confused. He knew Ty’s schedule and he was pretty sure he hadn’t seen any trips scheduled any time soon. Especially a trip that would require that many clothes.
“Well”, he said with a distant look, “she might have told me to get you out of the room and then do it, but I thought this way was easier”.
Just come to our room, I’ll explain everything.
, he thought to himself just as the plane began its descent.
Tony took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. He felt Natasha’s arms surrounding him in a hug and let himself go, crying and returning the hug, not really caring if the others were watching.
“Agent Romanov”.
Later that night, she and Howard talked. She shouted at him, her anger getting the best of her, even going as far as threatening to take Anthony away from them. And that was when everything changed. Howard stood up from his chair, a cold expression in his face as he informed Margaret that, should she try such thing, he would have no problem exposing her
of you have common sense”.
“The young man whose parents you helped murder that night”, she replied without missing a beat, “You think the big rich guy who paid you off gives a rat’s ass about you? If there’s a chance he could be indicted for the Stark’s accident, what do you think he’s going to do? He’s going to throw you to the lions. It’ll be your word against his. But if you give me the information I’m looking for, I can make sure your name disappears in this investigation”, she promised.
Clint feigned ignorance. “I don’t know. But, I mean, I don’t blame Thor for trying, you know. Tony is a very handsome guy”.
“What am I going to do?” he asked, voice muffled but the couch cushions.
Stane stayed silent, glaring at Tony. The mechanic, however, continued to smile at him. He took one step forward, standing tall in front of his godfather.
“Quit messing with your shit, it looks fine”, Bucky complained, slapping Steve’s hand away for the third time.
“I kind of upgraded the furniture”, Tony said with a shrug while Steve smiled like a fool behind him.
She raised her head and smiled at Stane.
Tony blasted the gate open with a repulsor beam, making Clint jump a foot up in the air. “Let’s go. The sooner we find Sabrina the Witch, the sooner we can leave this place”.
Bucky laughed. “Stevie, you jump out of planes without a parachutes and used to pick fights with people ten times your size. I’ve always thought you were crazy, man”.
“Oh God”, Steve whispered to himself, almost panting.
“Fuck you”, Tony whispered, glaring at him.
“Hello, my darling Anthony. I’m your aunt Peggy”, she whispered softly to the baby, whose wails soon turned to quiet whimpers as he watched the beautiful woman with his big, brown eyes, “I’m the one you come to when your father is being terribly stupid. You’ll notice it tends to happen with surprising frequency”, she explained to the newborn baby, earning a faint laugh from Maria and a very annoyed
“So he either got scared and ran…”
He only realized he was already at the gift shop when a very happy looking young woman called his attention.
It was Tony’s turn to shake his head with a sigh. “Aunt Peggy is always worried. Look, I’m not gonna make your job difficult, okay? And I’m not gonna tell her I know either”.
“Because if we tell him, he’ll feel obligated to be with me”, Tony explained in an angry tone, “You know how he is. He’ll think that because we were together before this happened, he’s obligated now to be my… partner. I don’t want that. He doesn’t know me, I’m a complete stranger. We’ll tell him the basics and that’s it”.
’ve been around
Tony knew the whole interrogation debacle hadn’t been Steve’s fault. The blonde had spent an entire week trying to convince the mechanic that they shouldn’t go. At first, Tony had been sad, thinking maybe Steve was embarrassed of introducing a nobody covered in grease to his rich friends, but the thought had been quickly dismissed after his lover spent forty minutes explaining how his friends were
Steve retrieved a little black box from the inside of his jacket and put it on the table in front of Tony, smiling.
“What about the accident?”, Natasha asked.
“I think Steve didn’t like this one”, he heard Tony say in a playful tone.
“When were these taken?”
“Whoever this girl is, I’m guessing she really wants us to read some files”, he said, looking for answers.
Natasha bit her lower lip, trying to maintain her composure, even though her fingers were already touching the phone in front of her, desperate to send a message to Bucky and Steve.
He opened the other files, reading pretty much the same thing in all of them.
, he said sniffling, with tears in his eyes, while Steve pulled him closer, touching his forehead with his lips and murmuring words of comfort.
“Why is it so hard for you to believe that someone could actually love me for me and not for my money?”
“Okay, another piece of information about me: I’m an amazing hacker. I once hacked the Pentagon on a dare. Let me tell you, the agents that showed up at my door were
Ok, so I'm basing this story on my favorite thing in the entire world: THE OXVENTURE!
“Would you?”
“Bingo. The press goes nuts, everybody makes assumptions, the military goes insane because Stark Industries is their main supplier and if some nut job is running it then things could go south and then the US government starts butting in and guess what, I’m out of my own company before I can even sit on the CEO’s chair”.
“For what?”
“Dude had his eye taken off with a spoon by his best friend, I think he’s entitled a bit of paranoia”, Clint defended the older man.
Anthony had arrived on a Thursday, in the middle of one of the worst thunderstorms Malibu had seen in years. Peggy had arrived a few hours after the birth, absolutely soaking wet despite the umbrella poor Jarvis held for her all the way to the door.
Tony narrowed his eyes at him and pouted, crossing his arms against his chest. Barton snorted.
“The company would’ve reported them”, Tony completed, turning his eyes back at the photos in his hand.
Natasha watched him go and thought about sending yet another text to the boys, but decided against it. This was her chance to put the plan into action; so, with one last look at the phone, she closed the drawer and took the small flash drive around her neck, going straight for Stane’s office. She had a job to do. She only hoped Steve and Bucky would do theirs as well.
And then, before Tony could even try to lick the frosting from the corner of his lips, T’Challa cleaned it with his thumb, licking it right after. Tony stood there, dumbfounded, staring at the king.
“Fake marrying”, Steve corrected.
“You’re gonna think I’m crazy”.
Tony turned his eyes towards the door. Maybe Bucky would hear Stane talking and come over. Maybe Steve would arrive with the food and come tell Tony that it was time to eat.
?”, Steve repeated.
Tony took a long, deep breath, looking away. He wanted to say yes. God, how he wanted to say yes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Great. Now can you two please get the hell out? I need to take a shower”.
“Awesome. I’m starving…”, Tony replied, abandoning his keyboard and going straight for the bag. He opened it and looked inside, “So, did you bring Thai agaHOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK”.
“That’s flattering. But, yeah, I wasn’t always like this. I met someone on my twenties and she was my first love. We didn’t work out and after her I just never really cared much about dating”.
“Yeah, okay”, Tony nodded, putting his head on Natasha’s shoulder, “Have I told you how much I love you today?”
Tony hid behind one of the pillars, his heart beating so fast it felt like it was going to come out of his body. With his back against it, he slowly turned his head, trying to see what was happening, assessing the situation to come up with a plan. The man was standing over a body. Tony bit his lip, relieved when he saw it was a middle aged man and not the familiar red headed woman, and then feeling like an asshole immediately after. This wasn’t Natasha, but it was a person; someone who didn’t deserve to get caught on the crossfire. Someone with a family, with dreams and goals; someone who was just doing their job.
Steve laughed, shaking his head.
“So, you’re going out with Tony Stark?”
Tony sniffed, glancing at DUM-E, all happy and clueless. “How did you find him?”, he repeated the question, looking at Steve once more.
“So, we should go”.
“What? What’s wrong? Are you okay? Is Morgan okay? What’s wrong?”
she thought to herself with a determined shake of her head,
Tony sighed and shook his head.
They all exchanged exasperated looks.
Peggy Carter replied in a light tone,
“I was trying to protect you”, Bucky tried to explain, getting closer to Steve’s desk.
“Oh. Are you sure?”
(See the end of the chapter for
before and that the only thing they really cared about was money so he wasn’t sure if I was worth dating. He asked me to tone it down with the expensive shit”.
Clint stopped laughing and looked horrified for a second, before turning to Natasha.
“Figures not even a traumatic experience would shut you up, Tones”, Rhodey joked before kissing his best friend’s forehead and lying his own head on top of Tony’s, “Don’t ever do that to me again, okay?”
cargo?”
It only made Steve laugh harder.
“I’m here, patch her through”.
“Skinny ass?” Tony had asked between laughs.
Steve smiled and sat down next to the mechanic, offering him the cup, “But on the bright side, I made coffee”.
“Rushmore?”
“This can’t be a military base”, Steve murmured as he slipped for the third time.
“Apparently, he’s throwing up like crazy, he can’t make it”
“Cancel? Nonsense! I’ll pay for the whole thing”.
“That actually makes a lot of sense”.
The team searched every floor and every room of the building for what seemed like hours and finally managed to find the missing soldiers in Conference Room B. Clint and Steve walked in first, shield and bows at the ready, and quickly lowered them when they saw the people inside.
“I honestly don’t know”.
“We’re playing Dungeons and Dragons”, MJ replied, taking a big bite out of her pizza, staring at Loki with an unimpressed look.
“Just so you know”, Tony started, getting closer to him, “I dropped some oil on that stool right before you got here”.
“Go ahead”, Tony replied, touching his arm in reassurance.
Steve’s eyes meet Tony’s and they simply sat there for what seemed like several minutes, just staring into each other’s eyes. Before they knew it, their foreheads were touching, noses bumping, lips so close to one another they could smell each other’s mint breath. Tony closed his eyes, starting to move forward, his lips slightly touching Steve’s for just a second before the captain’s voice filled the plane, making both men jump in surprise.
Tony threw away the note and gave the plushie to DUM-E, who happily took it to his charging station and kept it there.
“I get it. You wanted to be alone”.
Tony meets Steve's friends and things don't go so well
“It’s a 3D sonogram of Tony’s baby. It’s a girl!” Steve replied excitedly, proudly showing him the picture.
Her cell phone suddenly rang. She didn’t have to look at the screen to know who it was.
“If you see him looking it’s because you’re looking back at him, so stop it”.
Natasha turned off the computer screen, paying no mind to the indigant shout coming from Clint's direction.
“Stevie? Wow, pal, where are you going? STEVE!”
“She’s…She’s controlling them”, the Dr. commented, taking a step closer to the monitor, “My God, Thaddeus, she’s turning the dead into marionettes!”
“Something wrong?” Steve called out, worried.
Steve vehemently shook his head, “NOPE. No, no way, not gonna happen”.
“Great. Uh, do you mind if I use your phone to call for a ride? Mine is dead”.
Peggy remembers some things as she waits for her darling godson.
“Tony, let me explain to you how this family works”, Bucky started to say, earning some very surprised looks from everyone else, Tony included, “We don’t do the ‘every man for himself’ kind of thing. We’re more of a ‘three musketeers’ kind of gang. So when I say we’re gonna help you, what I actually mean is ‘we’re not only going to protect your ass with our lives, but we’re also gonna kill anyone and anything that tries to hurt you’. You got that?”
He ran after him and grabbed his arm, trying to stop him from leaving the house. The others ran after them, stopping at the door, while Clint, Bruce and Thor, who were at the couch playing videogames, stopped and looked at them, confused.
“He’s not the only rich people around”, Steve joked, kissing his boyfriend’s forehead and pulling him to his chest, “You don’t have to be afraid anymore, Tony. You have an army now. We’re going to get you justice. We’re going to avenge you”.
“Holy shit”, Tony swore, getting up from the chair and away from the computer. Instinctively, Steve stepped forward and raised his shield in front of himself and Iron Man. The corpse, however, paid them no mind. It simply started moving, slowly at first, as if its limbs were too rigid, and got up on its two legs, turning its head towards them. There was a big whole in its head, its eye still hanging from the socket, swinging slightly as it walked, one stiff step at a time. It stopped in front of the computer Tony had been using seconds before and started typing something.
. I gave him a name, by the way, since the only thing he could remember being called was ‘Junior’.”
mattress, which, I assume, means that it’s
“You were
“But…” he said, standing up.
“‘Dangerous’?” Steve asked.
“Are you...afraid of horses?” The royal nodded. “Damn it. They should have told me that when they hired me. I’m sorry, Your Highness. I didn’t know. What is it that scares you about them?”
“Yeah. Oh! Maybe I can bring him a gift when I go to apologize!”
“Buckitty!” the billionaire muttered to himself. He quickly changed his shirt, then picked up the prosthetic arm, got in the elevator, and went to...have a little talk with Bucky.
“The metal bar. The easiest way to do that is to give her a treat, like a carrot or a sugar cube. Hold the bit in the palm of your left hand, with your right forearm paralleling the top of her neck. Your right hand should be right next to her ears.
have him in a cell, in the basement. They didn’t see him as a little boy. They didn’t even think of him as
Steve then sat down on a bench that was close by and got out a small notebook, but Tony couldn’t really see where it came from. The prince sat down beside him, and the instructor started showing him beautiful drawings of horses with arrows indicating each part. Even though the prince tried to stay awake, Steve’s voice was soft and soothing, and he couldn’t help but to let his eyes close and sleep peacefully against the blond.
“Don’t worry, pal. He’s just in a bad mood.”
saying is that I’m coming with you.” The blond shook his head.
“What? What do you need, Tony?”
He took off the mask, hat, gloves, and scrubs, and sat down for a second, his heart beat too hard for him to listen to anything else, so he jumped a bit when Steve spoke, having not heard him approach.
“Yes, Tony, you have to. Good! You’re almost done. Buckle the throatlatch. Check that you can get four fingers between that strap and her neck. It needs to be loose enough to maintain slack, even when her head is bent down. Now check that everything fits and that the bit is in the right position. There should be two wrinkles on either side of her mouth. If there are too few wrinkles, you need to shorten the cheek straps. If you
Да кувшин молока!”
“Come back here!” The male agent walked over, picked the boy up by his armpits, and carried him back in the direction he had come from, still holding him by the armpits.
The riding instructor blinked. “...excuse me?”
“Well, he did fall. I was on my way home from my run, and I saw what looked like a cat dart into the alley, so I went to investigate.”
“Yep! That’s the one!” Tony pointed to a pair of simple black loafers. “And those shoes.”
“I know you were, Buck. And Tony knows it, too. He’s just upset because attaching the elbow made the middle finger flip him off.” The captain paused, trying not to laugh out loud again. “Don’t worry. He’ll calm down in a little while, then you can go apologize to him. I know talking to people is scary, but I think you have to.”
“Do I have to?!”
Steve blushed and helped Tony stand up.
“Why don’t we take a break,” the blond suggested. “The horses need to eat and drink some water.”
“Thank you!” The prince grinned, practically ran over to the bed, and climbed in.
for speaking in English now. I guess this means you trust me, finally?”
They heard Peter by the door. “Hey Mr. Rogers, Prince Anthony, May let me go with you, but she said that I would have to be back by Friday.”
have to go convince your mom to let me help.”
“Would you…” The royal stopped.
“Nice one, Rogers,” the business owner said sarcastically. “If he Hulks Out because of this, I’m blaming you,” he said, pointing at the captain.
kind of doctor, right?”
“The shiny one, with the paisley pattern?” Happy asked.
didn’t say anything to him.
“Bruce? You mean
That night Tony walked into the library, a large pitcher of mead in his hand, with plans to read all night to stay awake. “Damn night terrors…” the young royal muttered to himself. He put the pitcher on a table and walked over to the bookshelves. “Now, what to read?” He remembered a tale his maid had told him when he was a boy about a sick man who had learned that a war was starting in a distant kingdom. That man had miraculously become healthy after being exposed to gamma rays, then became the captain of the kingdom of Shield’s knights, fought and won many battles in that war, and had ultimately sacrificed his own life to save not only their land, but every other land as well, putting an end to the war. No one had known his name, or if someone did they were long dead, so he was simply called “The Captain”. Tony had fallen in love with science because of that story and been determined to learn everything he could about gamma rays and radiation. Now he looked through the shelves searching for a book about that very subject. Suddenly he stopped.
“He prefers Bucky,” Steve told her. “His birthdate is March tenth, nineteen-seventeen. He’s five-nine, and he weighs two hundred and sixty pounds.”
The prince shook his head. “Steve isn’t in love with me, Sarah.”
Once they were far enough away that getting shot was no longer a concern, Tony called Steve and Bucky to warn them of the danger.
“So, the first thing you need to know would be how to mount. You have a saddle on the horse’s back, you put your foot on the stirrup, and use that as leverage to jump and get on top. But we agreed that you’re not riding it yet, so I want to tell you about your horse.” The instructor lead him all the way to a horse, holding the prince's hand to comfort him while they were around horses, due to the royal’s fear. “This is Friday. She’s a pure-bred Connemara Pony mare. The main reason I chose a pony and not the traditional stallion that royals usually ride is because they’re very tall and I wasn’t sure you would be able to mount it.”
can’t see
“Stark, I’m on a mission, so this better be an emergency.”
“Since I heard you kidnapped a child that could be injured. Let me just give him a quick check-up and we can get the hell out of here.”
Tony could hear his blood pumping in his head. There was a man, who, as it turned out, had
Three days later, Steve was finally home. Well, back in New York, at least. But before he could really go home, he first had to have his debriefing with the new Director of S.H.I.E.L.D., Thaddeus Ross. The general had taken over the position after Nick Fury was dismissed because he ignored an order from the World Security Council during the attack on New York by Loki and the Chitauri. As he stepped off the elevator and was about to make his way to the Director’s office, he was hit in his left hip by…
“It's alright. As you said, you didn’t know it was me. You can call me ‘Tony’, by the way.” The prince winked, then leaned in to whisper in the other man’s ear. “You know, just in case you feel like screaming it when you’re alone tonight.” He pulled back and smirked at the blond’s stunned expression. “I’ll see you later, Steve.” He threw the cigarette on the ground before stepping on it to put it out, and walked back to the castle like nothing had happened, leaving Steve speechless.
! It was a solid piece of vibranium, without overlapping plates like the one he was currently using, except for the joints, which were made out of steel. And, best of all, there was no red star on the shoulder.
“But…”
“...Steve?”
“About what? You wouldn’t tell me what was going on over the phone.”
“I need to learn how to do this by myself, darling,” Tony said stubbornly, taking a second to realise what he said. Looking at the other man’s face, he saw that the riding instructor’s cheeks had a light pink coloring. The prince smirked.
The mission wasn't difficult, actually. They had to get a some ultra tecnology created by Tony that was stoled by agents of Hydra. Nothing new, thought Steve. Everything gone right. No one got hurt or close to death. Just the usuals scratches. And the weapon was recovered.
"Convince them of what?". His blue eyes sparkled with interest.
- You are nice to draw - answer simply the blond. Stark was seeing a picture of him with black tank top. His hair was falling on his face as he built a new armor. In Steve's opinion, Tony has never been more beatiful.
"It's all right. It's gonna be okay. We'll be fine", he promised.
- Toy? - screamed Steve with a confusion face. He had to be petulant about that too.
- Sit down, Stark - commanded Nick Fury.
That was a good question, actually. But Rogers never had much opportunity to test his skills as he struggled for survival. Putting it that way did not seem so different from the Games. The difference was in the fact that no one tried to kill him every day. Not directly, at least.
"You look like a good boy", he answered simply.
"Not really. Not yet". Which was true. Steve did not have much time to get a hold of anyone. He enjoyed the company of some women in his district, but never enough to extend for more than a few months.
- Probably the people who doesn't go to bed at 3 AM. - a frown molded Steve's face.
At that moment Steve knew that he could not leave the little brother he had found in the arena. This was definitely the last thing he expected from the Hunger Games. Rogers let go of Peter and started rummaging in his pockets. He grabbed small red spheres. Similar fruits are those modified by the Capitol to be mortal.
By the time the night had fallen and the bonfire had been very well erased, Peter was lying down.  Steve leaned against a rock and tried to stay alert.
"You can sleep. I'll let you know if anything happens", Peter's light smile was the response he received. A few minutes passed before he heard a slight murmur.
"With my father", he said simply. Reveal that he ventured into the forest of the district would not sound very good to the thousands of people attending him at the time, including the president.
The president ended a short speech about the happiness he felt when he saw two brave men standing there. Then began the coronation of the tributes. He grabbed the gold trim and positioned himself in front of Steve.
"That you're worth a bet on", Nick said, looking at Steve.
"Congratulations", he said, and Rogers realized how he tried to hide the irritation he felt. Put the metal on the blond strands and smiled, the object faltered at the head of Steve. "Be careful", said the leader softly, and Rogers felt that he was not talking just about the crown.
The brunette simply aproach his lips of Steve's, but didn't let them touch yet. The captain knew that he was waiting for yours move. A confirmation that was fine. The soldier didn't have the opportunity before shots of guns were heard. The man's faces turned in high speed to see two hooded individuals running from a story.
Tony's hands touched Steve's hair while the blond deepened the kiss. They forget about everything except one another. Rogers was ready to lay the other man down when felt the brunette break the kiss to breathe. One second looking away from Steve's eyes, Stark was able to see a drawing on the floor.
- Yes! - Steve was getting abnormally red.
"Hi, Captain Rogers. What happened?", said the dark-haired man with his usual innocence.  Steve allowed himself to laugh harder.
- Wait, that's me? - The genius spoke as he moved from Steve's lap to reach the book. Rogers just could get frustaded about the interruption of his previous actions.
- At home? - came the rough and ironic answer - It's seven in the morning. How am i suposed to know that people assault storys this early?
A line of tributes got in order. One by one each representative did his best to make his mark there. Some made jokes, others used the aggressive way, others just laughed. And soon Steve found himself on the stage.
Fury left to give the sponsor entrance. It was not what Steve had expected. The man of average stature was not what It was imagined of a resident of the Capitol. His brown hair looked rebellious. The face was adorned with a perfectly drawn beard, accompanied by a reddish goggles.  He wore a black suit that was certainly ridiculously expensive.  The surprise was that the man did not seem to have any aesthetic modification or wear wigs or strange adornments. Steve can not help but admit that the man was handsome. Incredibly handsome.  Another surprise came to Rogers when he realized he already had seen the sponsor. Not personally. But in the Capitol's TV Shows.The brunette was a big stand out in them. A little darling. The president's son.
