"… and the thought of an omega – of
"And Sherlock overdosed shortly after that," John added.
Sherlock knew from countless interactions with his brother that Anthea was always available when Mycroft called – no matter what the hour. That had been the most important part of her job description from day one. In return, the woman had benefitted from more free time than other employees in comparable positions. Mycroft – for whom trust didn't come easily in the first place – probably shared more secrets with her than with his own brother.
Sebastian listened to the explanation with great interest, unconsciously assuming the same position as Sherlock: he crossed his legs, leaned back in the uncomfortable folding chair, and placed his hands on top of each other. Due to the handcuffs, he didn't have enough freedom of movement to fold them in front of his chest; for that reason, Sherlock leaned forward, placed his elbows on the table, interlocked his fingers, and watched Sebastian with open curiosity.
"He loved torturing the two of you, to set you challenges and see you fail – and how willingly both of you played along, every time! Forcing Mycroft to witness your death and not be able to do anything about it … that was one of his most underhanded ideas. Although you were still alive when he left you behind in that run-down hovel – not that he cared all that much, did you, Mycroft?"
"Mycroft?!"
..." Victor moaned out loud when Sherlock clamped down with his mouth, digging his teeth into Victor's skin.
Sherlock wasn't sure he wanted to hear the answer to that question. They'd promised each other that they would try to make this bond work. But if it now developed that John wanted children and Sherlock couldn't – or wouldn't – provide that, it might put an end to things once and for all. And thinking about all
"Mycroft's charming assistant was friendly enough to help me with the transport and assembly," Moriarty explained in the background as he took several steps back in order to reveal more of John's prison.
"I see. Keep us updated. We're available anytime, if we can be of any further assistance. Come, John, let's go home." Sherlock stood up and left the administrative complex together with John.
Sherlock clenched his hands into fists. He took a deep breath, swallowing down the overwhelming sense of rage snarling like a wild animal inside him.
"Want to watch some telly with me? They're showing a documentary on unsolved crimes of the 19th century. I thought you might like it?"
Moran?"
John angrily slammed the empty kettle back onto the heating element and plucked at his shirt. Without any warning, he was hit by a sudden wave of weariness. He sighed, leaned on the counter and let his head droop.
"The sandwich is for you, the croissant's mine. You know I prefer a sweet breakfast," Victor said with a conspiratorial wink before turning to Greg. "Sorry buddy, I didn't know anyone else was expected for breakfast, otherwise I would have brought more."
"Yeah… I don't understand how a police officer on duty can forget their scent blocker. It's completely irresponsible," John said.
The waiter returned with a tray full of beers and shots and distributed the glasses to the group. Everyone grabbed a drink and held them up in John's direction.
John laughed in a deranged way, scrabbling his fingers over the man's white shirt. Feeling the heartbeat under his knuckles. Fingers resting on his cheek, caressing it gently. Air streamed shakily out of John's lungs. Then he stretched up onto his tiptoes and kissed him. Finally. Finally.
John resisted the urge to immediately run after him, instead directing his attention to his sister. Anger made the vein in his temple throb painfully. His blood was rushing through his veins much too fast. If he weren't at his parents' house, and if the target of his fury weren't his own flesh and blood, John would have lost it and grabbed the beta who dared to speak to his omega like that by the throat, and tossed her against the nearest wall. Instead, he slammed his fist into the table so hard that the dishes and glassware wobbled dangerously, and glared at Harry with more severity than he ever had before.
John nodded reluctantly and got up. He scooped his dressing gown up from the floor and pulled on one sleeve as he opened the door to go look for Bill. He didn't need to go far: the alpha was crouched against the wall just opposite, gnawing anxiously on a hangnail. She looked up at John in surprise when he stepped into the hallway, quickly rising to her feet and taking a step toward him.
Molly raised her eyebrows, then lowered them dubiously. "It's one thing when you come to the lab and use them there, Sherlock. But if so much goes missing from one day to the next without anyone seeing me using them... Security is only so lax because my boss trusts me, you know?" she said apologetically.
"You don't understand. Not yet. A bond between an alpha and an omega is more than just a little scar on your neck. It's a lifelong – "
"It's okay," John tried to soothe him. "We're here now." He tightened his grip on Sherlock a little more and rubbed his face against his damp curls. "We're here now," he repeated, softer this time, and pressed a kiss onto Sherlock's temple.
"Yeah, he just barely missed her jugular..." John added.
"It was about six years ago, if I recall correctly." The statement sounded more like a question, but Mrs Holmes didn't react to it. "Sherlock told me at the time that his brother died in an accident. He said he wasn't close to him, but the death affected Sherlock deeply. I spent a couple of days in London to be with him. It was... difficult." At the end, Victor turned back to John and gave him a sad smile.
"Need a couple of tips?"
"Is this all right?" he asked with a glance at his omega.
"Yeah, it's... a lot has happened recently, and... I think we deserve to come up for air for a bit."
Charlotte Adams, the omega of the second to last victim, had been released from hospital just a few days before. When she'd opened the door for Sherlock, she appeared emaciated and had dark circles under her eyes. She had given him a dismissive look and slammed the door in his face before he'd even had a chance to explain the reason for his visit.
"No, no, not at all."
Sherlock tugged at the mattress and tried to lift it.
"I'm not finished with you yet..." Victor rumbled between two kisses, catching John's stuttered breaths. He rolled onto his side, pulling John with him so that they lay spooned, wrapped his arms around John, and held him pressed close against him. He penetrated John's body again, running his hands possessively over John's sweaty torso, hips, and deflated cock. He kissed John's shoulder and nape, licking the salt from his skin. He rolled his hips at a leisurely pace, enjoying the steady slide in and out of the searing heat.
"Yes, that," John agreed bitterly. "If I'd known she might be here, I never would have brought you. My mother knew that full well, so that's why she didn't say anything."
"There can be lots of reasons for the absence of a heat. For one, hormonal fluctuations. Your body didn't experience a heat for over five years, in spite of being bonded, and might have been overwhelmed by the sudden change. Stress can be another relevant factor. Has anything happened over the last three months that might have upset you?"
His erection was trapped between his stomach and Sherlock's back, only receiving occasional stimulation when the omega wriggled in an attempt to get closer to John every time John touched him. But that didn't matter: this moment wasn't about racing to the finish line. It was a sensual celebration of togetherness, of exploring each other's bodies through touch and taste, and John was enjoying getting his hands on every square inch of his omega's skin that he could reach in this position.
In fact, John learned quite a bit during the first two weeks in Nigel's group. He liked the mix of kickboxing and taekwondo. He would have liked nothing more than to integrate his newly gained skills with his previous knowledge and try them out, but that was hardly going to happen here. Instead, he polished his execution and concentrated on the resilient striking shields during the pair exercises.
"Tiger! He's dead! Because of you!" Nozzer finally blurted out.
John sighed and rinsed the rest of the lather off. He didn't want to remember that day. Not now. Just for a couple of hours, he wanted to pretend that none of it had happened. Or at least, that none of it had happened to him. He'd bury the pain for just a couple of hours and not be John Watson; instead, he'd be someone who didn't waste any thought on the past or the future.
"I'm talking about the fact that my dear old brother apparently can't get your motor running hot enough. The fact that you're not having any heats, meaning the two of you can't indulge your perverse biological urges. Shame, that, eh?"
Sherlock made an affirmative sound and clambered to his feet. He casually stepped out of his clothes, pulled on a pair of pyjama trousers, and held one hand out to John.
He wiped his face with one trembling, unsullied hand and listened intently for any sounds which might be coming from John's room. But there was only silence.
Sherlock sighed with frustration and massaged his temples. An insistent pounding was developing behind them, significantly impairing his thought process.
"I asked if you're going to ride me," John growled as he increased the pressure on the whorl of skin, although he didn't breach it yet. His stiff cock rubbed against Sherlock's erection, which was just as hot and hard as his. Moisture gathered at the tip, smearing Sherlock's abdomen.
Tom pushed his hand away, gently but firmly, and gave Victor a sidelong apologetic smile. Victor rolled his eyes and dug around for his cigarettes, slid one between his lips, and lit it. The blue haze between them couldn't hide his disgruntlement.
Even as he nodded here and there and tried to signal through affirming vocalisations that he was following the conversation, John cursed himself inwardly. After weeks of self-imposed isolation, he'd been this close to developing a case of cabin fever. Now, however, he regretted his decision to accompany Bill to the nearby weekly market, and longed for the privacy of his favourite spot in the camp. He was simply not used to focusing his attention on someone or something other than the swirling eddy of thoughts in his brain.
Sherlock was alive.
Sherlock reaches for the cups, but John snatches his away and protects it at the other end of the kitchen.
But this time Sherlock copied him, and shrugged. "I'm just an omega, with no authority to conduct a real interview. But I thought a little small talk would be just the thing."
The words didn't seem to be nearly enough. Victor had already narrowly escaped with his life once after that first traumatic encounter with Moriarty's henchmen, only to end up grieving Sherlock's death for months. It had never been Sherlock's intention, but Victor had been just as unaware as John that Sherlock had survived the fall off Southwark Bridge. It was simply horrific that Victor had once more ended up being a victim of Moriarty's machinations in such a short time, despite all of Sherlock and Mycroft's efforts.
John watched with a sense of melancholy as the man walked briskly away. John hadn't been in Afghanistan long before meeting Eric. They'd hit it off straightaway, and the good-humoured soldier had eased John's adjustment to life on the front. There weren't any deep, meaningful emotions involved, but they joked, teased and tormented each other until camaraderie turned into flirting. The friendly needling, winks and unintentional-on purpose touches probably would have gone on forever in the same way if Eric hadn't found out three days ago that he'd be transferred today to continue his tour at another base five hundred kilometres further west.
"I haven't any more recent." Mycroft put the phone back in his breast pocket and placed his hands flat on his thighs. Sherlock could see how difficult it was for him to keep calm. "Your turn. Answer my question."
Maybe he'd been wrong, and Lestrade wasn't the actual target of Mycroft's concupiscent interest. Or he'd turned him down. The only way he'd probably ever find out was by asking him – and there was no way Sherlock wanted to risk that.
Sherlock was kneeling on the bed with his back to the door and his legs spread. His left hand was holding one arse cheek aside as far as it would go, while three – no, four – of the fingers on his other hand were buried inside his hole, jerking back and forth with disjointed movements.
The man had black hair hanging greasily across his forehead, along with a black beard. He was wearing jeans and a green button-down shirt. With one hand, he was holding the straps of the blue sports bag he had slung over his shoulder. He raised his other hand in a friendly greeting.
"The Diogenes Club is not an elitist alpha shack, Sherlock," Mycroft replied mildly, continuing to sip his coffee unperturbed.
"John..."
She hadn't sung any more when his father fell ill. She hadn't smiled, only cried and begged for her alpha to be spared.
"Vic?" Abigail appeared beside Victor, placing a hand on his arm with a smile. "Listen, I'm going to go over to Marcus's. It's quieter there. There's barely any room here and I'm not really keen on fighting over a spot to sleep. Are you two coming?" Hope and a silent plea in her eyes. There was probably more to the request, but Victor didn't pursue it.
"Of course," Sherlock replied placidly. He pulled John close and manoeuvred him into a hug.
The smouldering look that Sherlock tossed over his shoulder zinged down John's spine like a tongue of fire. Sherlock was breath-taking. His eyes half-lidded, his lips half-open, his tongue peeping out over and over to moisten them. A few stray strands of hair stuck to his damp forehead, and his cheeks were aglow.
He hadn't foreseen this eventuality. As far as he was aware, the officers from Scotland Yard always acted in line with policy – how had they stumbled into such a faux pas? It didn't bode well. Maybe some disciplinary action really was necessary to remind those alphas where their duty lay.
"Don't stop!"
Sherlock stepped back, disconcerted, and gave John a suspicious look.
I peered around the corner and rolled my eyes in annoyance when the man appeared in my field of vision. His face was only too familiar to me, even though I'd never met him in person. Mycroft Holmes. What a charming coincidence. Fortunately, he turned down the corridor in the right direction; it wasn't my intention for our first face-to-face meeting to be here. After all, corpses tended to scare off potential business partners.
But maybe... maybe all I needed to do was a little convincing in order to get what I wanted. Maybe Sherlock could become the perfect ammunition if I eventually wanted to get rid of Sherrinford and Mycroft. Both brothers were obviously willing to let their baby brother die; and wouldn't it be simply delicious to rub their noses in that guilt just at the right moment?
"Dr Watson, might I trouble you to come with me? My employer wants to speak with you."
John heard Sherlock's nod by the rustling of the pillow. "I'll bear it in mind, and –
It didn't take long to convince John to accompany him to the Yard. He understood the circumstances and was anything but unhappy to be able to keep an eye on his omega in a potentially threatening situation. And so he'd called into the surgery and taken the day off.
"And... you won't check up on me to make sure Lestrade doesn't get too close?"
"Thanks, guys!" he replied, hurriedly taking a sip of his beer. His throat was parched, and as much as he tried to tell himself that this place was nothing more than a – possibly illegal – bar, his scalp still tingled with suspicion and vigilance.
"My dear guests. My friends!" he began in heavily accented but exacting English. "I am very pleased to see so many of you again today. As you all know, your pleasure with the omegas is included in the price of admittance. So choose the one that appeals to you the most. If you want to share one, or bestow your favour on more than one, you are likewise more than welcome. There is no need for fighting. There is enough for everyone. Have fun, let off your steam. But please, do not attempt to bite my darlings. The protector is made of titanium and is indestructible in any case. All that you will do is damage your precious teeth. Aside than that, you may do whatever your heart desires. But..." And here, the man grinned conspiratorially and winked at the assemblage. "Do not leave any permanent injuries."
"I'll pick you up between two and three o'clock, if that suits."
Cilia refrained from asking about the drugs, withdrawal, or the state of his addiction today. John had probably already told her some of it, or perhaps she simply didn't want to invade too far into his privacy and discover all of his dark sides.
"We need to get him back, John. Now. Sherlock is powerless against him. He cannot be allowed to get his hands on him!"
"Take off your clothes!" Sherlock growled with a combination of indignation and lust. One part of him wanted to tear John's clothes off his body himself and rub up against him until there was no trace of the beta left. Another part was outraged that John had dared to show up here in such a state.
At least the surprise attacks from journalists had lessened once the hullabaloo surrounding Sherlock's funeral was over. Other dramas had supplanted that one, expelling it from the minds of those people who had only known the consulting detective as a figure in the papers. People generally avoided bringing it up with John now, giving him a chance to distance himself from what had happened.
"John is not my husband, Mrs Hudson. He's my alpha. It's completely different."
Shortly after sunrise, John, Sherlock, and Mary left the safe house in Switzerland and drove back to the small private airfield. On the way, Mary got in touch with the pilot so that he could make all the necessary arrangements and there would be no delay in their departure.
"I'll show you," Victor husked, his face no more than a hand's breadth from Sherlock's.
"Do we really have to subject ourselves to this nonsense?!"
The needle pierced his skin effortlessly. It slid inside like a hand into a glove. A bullseye on the first try. Once he depressed the plunger, it only took two heartbeats before he felt the chemical cocktail fly through his bloodstream, lighting up his synapses. More oxytocin and serotonin than he knew what to do with, until any signals coming from John's direction were drowned out.
He was still inside some secret MI6 facility. It was true that they'd moved him to another room where he had his own bathroom along with a desk, wardrobe, computer without internet access, and a number of books. Still, Sherlock couldn't help feeling like a wildcat in a cage that was much too small.
"Go on," Sherlock said quietly.
"Did you?"
"Susan's getting the drinks," he said once they stood together.  "Let's head inside."  They headed up the steps and into the building.  Lou kept talking.  "The foster mother, Jane Henderson, is going to testify first.  We wanted Mr. Ogbeide to go first, but she's only available this morning.  Ruth Murray is the last one for today."
"Daydreamer?  Your head in the clouds?" Harvey looked smug, for what reason John couldn't figure out.
John can't keep his head in the sand any longer. He already knows what Mycroft will say, pretty much, but still needs to hear it. (The end of the text, with an H instead of a W, was a typo of mine. Since my post on the meme was still anon then, I couldn't fix it, but made a joke about it in the next chapter. Although I personally think if anyone changed their last name on marriage, it would be Sherlock.)
"Tell me again what happened when you took Jennifer to the hospital that one time."
"We'll take the risk."  Sherlock took the drive from her hand.
"Do you like it?" Moira asked.  She sounded anxious.  "Me dad said that you were old for a toy but I thought since yours got taken away you'd miss it."
Sherlock scowled.  "I'm not staying in some sort of squat."
"Most of them.  Victim Four and Victim Five won't be testifying for long, for different reasons, and Victims Six and Eight will be testifying on behalf of their siblings.  Victim Fourteen or Fifteen will testify, but not both of them.  Victim Eleven has limited English skills, so I'm not sure how much we'll get there."  He paused for a moment.  "Wait.  Are you asking when we want Victim Three to testify?"
"Yes."
“Hello there,” Sherlock said, crouching down to be on eye level with the beast.  “I presume dogs are exactly the same in this universe.”  Very few people knew about his weakness for dogs (and bees) and he intended to keep it that way.  Still, even he didn’t think if someone found out about it here it would carry over to another universe.  The dog happily jumped at his feet, clearly eager to get to know this stranger.
"Who's Arthur?" He couldn't be a son; there were clearly only two children from three marriages.
"Some of them would."
" Of course at this point the reader knows exactly why he's doing this, but John doesn't.  John's not stupid and he could easily put it together at this point, but he can't make himself. As the next chapter shows, he finds it too horrible to consider.
"It's just been a long day."
"Because I was lon- I wanted company."  Sherlock looked up at John, and he smiled back at him in what he hoped was a reassuring manner.
"Why did you think if you didn't you'd hurt someone else?"
"I'll be out in the audience the whole time.  Just look for me if you get nervous," John reassured him.  "Are you going to be up for much longer?"
"He said he'll stay with us?" Martin asked.  He sounded skeptical.
John glanced over at them once more when the cry of, "Court rise!" came.  They shook as they got to their feet.  He averted his eyes then and focused on the front of the court.  Susan came up to the front and said, "The prosecution calls Sagnik Malakar."  The usher came in, leading a teenage boy with thick black hair, glasses, and a determined look.  Unlike any of the victims who had testified before, he walked confidently and without hesitation.  When he sat down he looked Susan right in the eye.
"Around ten-thirty. We had to fly back early tomorrow so I wanted to stay in hours."
Once he'd left the cabin after his set of questions, he'd announced that they had a problem. "Whoever that is, it isn't Martin."
"Sometimes," he quietly responded.
"Not on his own.  I asked him if he'd been having sex with that person too and he said he had."  Phillip visibly swallowed.
John assumed Sherlock would ask what she meant by this apparent non-sequitur but he only continued to look at her.  After a minute or two of silence, he turned to Mr. Aherne.  “Do you use sugar on a daily basis?”
Sherlock crumbles.
It was only once he was standing alone outside that he realized he had no idea of what would be said during today's testimony.  He'd already known what Moira and Phillip were going to say, and while he'd never met Jennifer or Sagnik he did have an idea of what they'd gone through.  Not only had he never met Thomas Davidson, he knew nothing about him other than Lestrade's brief description.
"If they give her twenty-five years it'd be just like a life sentence.  She's almost sixty, isn't she?"  The kettle whistled and Mrs. Hudson turned around to get it and pour the water into the waiting mugs.
"Phillip left a message saying he wanted to meet with me alone.  I will be meeting him at Angelo's in one hour."  He paused.  "I have some other things to do after that and will likely get in quite late."
John felt very glad that Mycroft summoned him shortly after he woke up.  It was another terse text message:  “Leave in fifteen minutes and you will be picked up.”  At fifteen minutes to the dot, he left Baker Street and got into the waiting car.  Mycroft wasn’t in it, but the driver took him to a nondescript office building.  “Vernet,” said the man before letting him out.  John was bewildered until he went into the building, where several buzzers lined the entranceway.  One did indeed say “Vernet” and when he pressed it, a minute later Mycroft’s assistant came out of the lift.  She beckoned for him to follow her, and he did, not bothering to make conversation or even ask what name she was using now.
John swallowed.  There wasn't really a good way to answer that.  "It would depend.  Since you told me you were married to your work I took that to mean you were not interested in romantic relationships.  I still wanted to be your friend.  I still am.  I think this case is stirring up a lot of feelings in you and that's why you're thinking about relationships so much.  And knowing all that I don't think you're fully in a position where you can determine that.  After this case is over that might be different."
"Sort of.  Sleepy.  Hard to move," he corrected.
"Because of his son?" John asked.  "He doesn't want to tell him about that?"
"Yes."
"Didn't I say no more body parts for a week?" a woman called out in response.  She sounded irritated.
"Please remember that K is a wealthy individual.  She could easily buy hard drives, or even whole systems, and smash or otherwise destroy them before anyone could find them, on a regular basis." Sherlock deliberately stared at Lestrade as he said this.  "I doubt if you found any of those items they would be of use, but a look at her credit card bills may prove helpful in that regard."
"Yes, but I didn't think he would give me a straight answer.  He'd told me his father was dead and his brother was at uni, but other than that he gave the impression that it was a closed subject.  I didn't want to press the issue, so that was that."
"Let me see if I can find something to heat up."  Before John headed into the kitchen, Sherlock briefly motioned to his mobile.  Once he was out of sight he pulled out his own and checked the messages.  Not surprisingly, there was a text from Sherlock with a number attached; John presumed this was Phillip's father's phone.  "Ring when alone," the message advised.  Phillip would probably want to be alone with Sherlock at some point, so he could do that then.  Looking in the fridge, he found a few different pieces of leftovers that could probably become a meal.  He put them all on a plate, heated them up in the microwave, and returned to the living room.  "Here you go."  Phillip took the plate from him and started to gulp down the food eagerly.  When he was done, he looked briefly at Sherlock and then John.  "Do you want me to go upstairs?" John asked.  Phillip nodded and he headed up the steps.
"How old are you?"
"How did those visits go?"
"Who?" Mr. Rodgers said in confusion.  At least he didn't sound like he had just woken up.
"I just wanted to make sure I could still come," John quickly explained.
"And as far as you know your mother never told him who you had been talking about?"
"So the two of you haven't spoken since that day in the supermarket?"  Lou smiled slightly, like he knew this would be their trump card.
Sherlock looked over at him, then back to the television.  John took that as a sign that he didn't want to talk about it and decided it might be best to leave him alone that evening.  He sat down in his chair with his supper, ate it, and then read a novel he had started a few days ago.  When he finished it was nearly eleven and Sherlock was still staring at the television screen.  "Are you coming to bed?" John asked, hoping this wouldn't be one of those evenings where he paced all night long.
He came downstairs to see Mrs. Hudson in the kitchen.  "I wanted to see how you were doing but I felt better letting you sleep," she said.
Mr. Aherne opened the door, and the sweet smell of baking biscuits drifted out to them. Two pairs of green eyes were trying to peer past their father and out the door, but Moira's was not one of them.
"WHAT?" That he had not been expecting. "Did he... give a reason?" he managed to add.
John felt his stomach turn to ice. "Has anyone gotten any DNA?" he managed to make himself ask.
"Are you feeling all right?"
"You wanted someone who you cared about.  Understandable."
"No."
"What did you tell them about that?"
Dr. Dodson broke the silence.  "We have fifteen minutes left."  He looked at each group member.  "Is there more anyone wants to discuss, or are you all open to a lesson?"
"They'll be on the news tonight."
"My dad got mad and my mom cried."
"Don't worry, he'll be the last one."
"No. My sister."
"I can't," Phillip whispered.
"You can't be worse when I tell you, because you know what it's like." A pause. "I wish I didn't have any feelings."
"Moira's always been very close to our bullmastiff, Rory.  She loves animals and she was the one who was happiest about getting a dog.  He sleeps in her room.  She feeds him and brushes him and takes him on walks.  A few weeks after our talk about making friends she began to take him to the park down the street every day.  Usually they'd play there for a half hour or so, but it got to the point where they spent hours there, especially when there was no school.  I asked her what she was doing there and she said she was just playing with Rory and taking him through his tricks.  She taught him those tricks and was always very proud of that.  I didn't like that she was spending so much time alone there, since this is the city and all, but she's old enough to go some places by herself.  For a little while she seemed happier, and that made me feel better."
Recalling the conversation he'd had with Mr. Rodgers moments before, John said "It's okay if you have mixed feelings about the plea."
"Hello," John responded, not willing to be friendly yet.
"Who?"
"Did you know that when Dr. Martin went to see your mother she had a large bruise on her cheek?"
"Even if your entire homeless network is guarding you, it's still not safe."
"Six usually, not counting me." She gestured for him to follow her and they both headed into the building. "We're near the top." She pressed the button for the lift. It arrived in almost no time at all and they got in. Gloria pushed the button for the ninth floor and they ascended silently. Once the door opened again, she walked out and headed across the hall to a frosted glass door with Mitchell Dodson Ph.D, BASW written on it. Gloria opened the door. She led John into the waiting room. A short, balding, blond man stood there. John assumed he was a group member.
At first Sherlock just looked at Harvey with wide eyes.  Only after a few seconds did he croak "Not then."
"Of course, one of many.  I would not be surprised if K had several flats for sexual encounters."  He looked out the window then, and John fully expected him to start talking about K again, but he remained silent on the rest of the ride to Bart's. John ate the rest of the fish and chips in silence.
John hadn't expected the conversation to turn back in this direction, so he was momentarily speechless.  "Bullshit.  You care about me.  And you've admitted you would be interested in pursuing a relationship with me but haven't done so because of the sex bit.  I basically offered you that and you turned it down.  So you're hardly some sex fiend who has to attack people to satisfy some urge.  Even if you were, it wouldn't make a difference.  She was the adult, you were the child."  He realized that the last sentence was something he'd said several times already over the last few days.  While he'd said it, there appeared to be no real way he could get through with it.  In Sherlock's mind he'd been the bad one, not her.  That thought was enough to open the floodgates, and before he realized what he was doing he sat on the other end of the sofa and started to sob.
"Okay. And you won't tell K – " The first letter apparently slipped out, but the rest of the name was cut off. She took a deep, panicked breath. John wondered whether "K" was the beginning of a first name or a last name.
"That's fine," Sherlock said as they both got into their respective chairs.  "What brings you here?"
A flash of understanding came into Sherlock’s eyes.  “I think we need a new perspective on this.”
"No."
"Was this always uneventful?"
"And that was it?"
"I can confirm that," Dr. Dodson replied.
A minute later the door opened and a woman with short dark hair and glasses walked in.  She carried a large bakery bag in one hand and a six pack of coffee in another.  "Thought you'd beat me here, Lou.  When it's your turn to bring breakfast you never seem to show up this early."  She set the food on the table.  "Good morning, Lestrade.  As good as it can be, at least, for a case like this."  Next to Lou she looked pocket-sized; she had a thin build and was barely five feet tall.  She sat down next to John.  "You must be John Watson."
"Not relevant," he repeated flatly.
"Can you point to her?"  Without hesitation Sagnik pointed to the dock and K.  "No further questions," Susan said, sounding satisfied.  She walked back to the prosecution's table as Clark headed up to the witness stand.
"And that was that?" Harvey asked, sounding skeptical.
Susan broke in with: "How did she react to that?"
"Well, there was one thing that I found... strange.  Most of the time when you examine a child patient, there's a parent in the room.  Obviously not with older children, but with ones that haven't reached puberty yet.  She never let a parent come in when she examined children - and since she's a pediatrician all her patients were children.  I asked her about it, since it wasn't the usual practice.  She told me that parents often get hysterical when you need to do some invasive procedure, like immunizing them or having to prick a finger for blood.  It was easier if they just waited outside."
"What happened when she first met the person.  I told her if she could do that without saying anything about that person it'd be fine.  So she did that."
"Where did you meet them?"
John had no idea what Phillip would do with this revelation.  He might run off again.  He might scream or cry.  He might be delighted.  So he wasn't surprised when Phillip just stared at him in disbelief.
She hadn't stopped smiling.  That was the truly frightening part.  She almost looked pleased that she'd been able to disturb John so much.  “You're certainly very sure of yourself.”
"None of those people would love you, either," Sherlock gently responded.
"Don't you need a particular type of font to see something like that?"
"Yes I did."
"No, I'm a detective. Never could match what I see on paper. I suppose you consider yourself an artist?"
John assumed the court would recess for the day, but to his surprise Lou came up to the stand.  "Is there anything you would say to Jennifer if she was in front of you now?"
"Where do you go to get this done?"
"One bit. Middle name."
"It'll take time though," Rodney added.
"I went to the park with Rory.  I was kind of sad because me dad had yelled at me before.  I wanted to wear my purple space kitten sweatshirt when I got home but he said it was dirty.  I tried to get it anyway and then he yelled and I said I hated him."  She looked down at the bear in her arms.  "I told Her all about it when I got there and She said me dad didn't love me much if he yelled.  She gave me a hug and I sat in her lap."
"I think his dad will help.  They've just been reunited."
"No, I just told you I didn't."
"Yes, I did."
"How old is your sister?"
Once again, I have no excuse for this being late besides I've got three other writing projects.
"She's going to plea," Mrs. Hudson instantly replied.  "What happened in court to make her suddenly so worried about a conviction?"
"Sherlock Holmes."
"Last January you went to the park to bring your sister home.  Can you tell us about that?" she asked without the banter used on Moira.
"I believe my mother sold it. Or perhaps gave it away."
"You're not going to leave a glass of bleach out overnight," Mr. Aherne calmly responded.  "Anyway, we have to get back home."
"You're not surprised," he said.  "Did you suspect?"
He told himself the man had to calm down sooner or later. How bad could this be?
"I wish I could go back in time to stop all that."  He sighed.  "We've got an appointment with a therapist in a week and I'm trying to find him a tutor.  A psychologist did an evaluation for the trial and it came up in the custody hearing.  He said that Phillip was quite intelligent but the ongoing abuse made it impossible for him to do well at school and affected all his social interactions with his peers. So I'm trying to get him caught up.  I wouldn't tell just anyone that, but both of you know him well at this point."
"But you never heard any of these?"
At that point, before he could do any more than process that information, his mobile rang.  He was almost glad for the distraction as he answered it.  "John," Lestrade said, businesslike.  "I was going to ring Sherlock but I figured you might be a little more rational about all this."
"Yes.  When I'm stressed I bake - cakes, biscuits, all sorts of puddings - so for the last three weeks I've had the bottle sitting on the counter all the time."  She gave a half-smile.  "Did your sister make it past that?"
"Of course not.  I was there and she didn't even look in his direction before doing so."
Sherlock, for his part, had turned to stare at him.  John could see him out of the corner of his eye, looking just as stunned as he must have when he'd realized who K was.  "John?" he said after about a minute, sounding as bewildered as he looked.
"On the sofa?" Eli guessed.
"No."
He was about to stop his train of thought again, when it occurred to him John wasn't at home. Nothing to stop him from going in now. He shut his eyes.
"What do you mean by an accident?"
Mr. Aherne's eyes widened, and he clearly could tell where this was going.  "Of course.  I think it'd be impossible to have not when you've got three children, correct?"
"Yes, after a time."
"Of course. I want to see what you draw. Bring your flute, too." Sherlock smiled warmly at him as he walked down the hall, alone. He looked like he was planning on leaving himself, but Lestrade cleared his throat.
"What hearing?"  Phillip's face went white.
Dr. Arthur rose out of his chair, not quite at eye level to Sherlock.  "He presumably wished to blame it on the mother's boyfriend or someone who was important to her," he snapped.
"Yes."
Judge Foster then slammed down his gavel.  "The time is now six in the evening and the court is dismissed for the day.  We shall begin session tomorrow at nine AM."  He said it the same way every time, John noticed, like he felt better following a script.  The audience seemed to want to get away faster than usual, and went out the doors in record time.
“The vagina and the anus?” Lou clarified.
Lestrade paid them a visit the next day, even though it was a Sunday. Mrs. Hudson must have let him in, as there was no knock, just his sudden appearance in the doorway. He was carrying what looked to be a police file, one several inches thick. John was glad to see him, even if his presence wasn't expected. Sherlock had spent most of yesterday pacing and glowering at nothing in particular. That was especially strange seeing as he had a case, which normally gave him a manic kind of cheerfulness that took days to fade. He hadn't done any pacing today, but had instead perched himself sideways in a chair and continued the glowering. John had tried to engage him in conversation a few times but after he was met with stares and non-answers he figured it would be better to just let him sit and mope.
“Are you sure it was the same person then?” John asked.
He decided that it was best to simply ignore that remark. "I do care about how you feel, no matter why you feel it."
"I was the only one who got her to say anything."
"That was initially the case.  A few we failed to reach, like Alla Pinyakova.  In this case they contacted us a few months back.  The media coverage affected them a lot."
"That'd be good, thanks.  I should get going.  I want to see if he's fallen asleep yet."  John knew perfectly well that that was a pathetic excuse to end the conversation, but couldn't think of a better one.
"It's me.  You were having a nightmare," he carefully replied.
"It's not there. Nothing is there that I remember. All gone." He hoped he wasn't going to start crying in front of this stranger.
“Good,” he managed to say.
"Radio," Sherlock replied softly.  John managed to locate and turn on the digital radio, and some classical station began to play.
"What did he ask you then?"
Sherlock wondered if the man spoke entirely in exclamation points.  “All right.”
"Yes I did, but they said in order to bring charges they'd need to find the man in question.  I didn't even know his name."
Judge Foster banged his gavel.  "The time is now six in the evening and the court is dismissed for the day.  We shall begin session tomorrow at nine AM."  The doors of the courtroom opened up and the audience filed out.  John let himself be caught up in the crowd for the first time.  He didn't feel up to speaking with Lou and Susan yet.  The advantage of this meant that he got outside when the big crush of cabs were still there, and he headed home in less time than he had in the other two days.
In the time it took him to say that, Sherlock had flipped off the tape recorder and was now heading to the door.  He gestured for John to follow him.  As soon as the two of them walked out the door they were confronted by a boy in pajamas.  John recognized him as Kieran, Moira’s twin brother.
"Your, um, friend?" From the way Tammy said it she clearly was unsure of what Sherlock's relation to John was.
"You're not the only one to make that mistake.  Everyone at the Yard seemed about to fall over in surprise when they found out our suspect wasn't a man."  John looked away, biting back his "Everyone but Sherlock" response because it wasn't his place to tell Sarah about something like that.
"That's right," Sherlock told her.  He turned to face the one-way mirror.  "See that mirror over there?  It's different from most mirrors because you can see through it to the other side but the people on the other side can't see you.  Now, the police have found someone they think might be K."  Moira's eyes widened, whether from fear or shock John couldn't tell.  "Your job is to look at the people behind the mirror and tell us if K is there.  If K is there, you point to K.  If K isn't there, you tell us that K isn't there.  Do you think you can do that?"  He looked at her expectantly.
"Because I know that it's just going to get worse as the day goes on."
"They'll believe it." His feeling of outrage had tempered into sort of a resigned acceptance.
"My turn, then," Kieran said.  Without waiting for Sherlock or John to say anything, he launched into his story.  "When Moira picked that woman out of the lineup, I knew who she was going to pick.  I'd seen her before."
"I sat in A&E for a bit before I saw a doctor, and that made me feel a little better.  A doctor came in then and asked me what had happened.  I told him about the drink and the woman and the flat and how I felt, but he didn't really listen."
(See the end of the chapter for
Moira was still clutching the old bear with one hand, like it hadn't moved since yesterday. "Is he your friend?" she asked, pointing in Sherlock's general direction.
"Will you promise not to get angry with me?"  That comment, more than anything else, made John remember how young Phillip really was.
"Just one thing.  You said you started using drugs because of K not being interested in you anymore.  I can't stop you from doing that again, but if you do get the urge to do so I'd appreciate it if you'd tell me about it."  John wasn't speaking before thinking this time; he'd spent quite a bit of last night worrying about that.  Even now the thought that K had broken someone this badly - chewed up, spat out, and left to die - brought on a horrible feeling of dread.
"What do you mean?"  Sherlock looked at him, but didn't touch him.
"Your family is homeless?"
"You might testify before then."  John assumed the other victims would testify for a shorter period of time, because Phillip and Sherlock were the only ones with years of abuse to describe.
"What's your bear's name?"
"Ask the child?" Lestrade sounded like he thought it couldn't be that simple.
"Not hungry."
"Are the numbers similar?"
"I think he understood that I'd had sex with someone, and they'd taken me to their flat.  I told him the car was blue and the flat was clean since that was all I remembered then."  He paused.  "I told him where my parents were and then they came and picked me up.  We went home and I got to my room and slept for the rest of the day."
"K is Dr. Martin?"  Unable to speak, she merely nodded.  "Why?"
"So you went down there with her?"
"Someone who knew Sherlock when he was a teenager testified.  They hadn't spoken in years and their stories matched."
"They had decidedly mixed emotions," Victor said, his lips forming a straight line.  "They both thought he was intelligent and could do a great deal in a good university some day.  My mother engaged his intellectual side much more easily; my father's area of study wasn't of a lot of concern to him.  They also both thought he was too serious.  My father even asked me at one point if I knew his mother.  I said I didn't, because I'd really only seen her the one time, but the way he asked it sounded like his real question was if I knew Sherlock was being mistreated at home."
"You do have a lot of books about science." More footsteps, presumably moving back to the bed. He heard pages turn.
"That was the one where she walked in on you and the computer, right?" Tammie said. "You had to call 999."
"Why'd you say that?"
"No."
"I see."  He clearly didn't.
"Phillip rang me last night."
"I never did before.  And he said he'd known someone like that and he understood.  So I told him some things.  Then I couldn't sleep and I rang him a few more times.  He said I could talk to him whenever I wanted, and he didn't mind."
"Good," he replied in a flat tone.  "While you were there the solicitors for the case rang me."
"No, none," Mr. Aherne replied.  He sounded remarkably calm considering Sherlock had warned him about where this type of question would lead.
"You're not even getting angry at the right person.  It should be her you're furious at, not yourself."  He knew that for Sherlock this was more than just anger at what had happened.  Obviously he had difficulty reconciling his own physical responses with the fact John kept telling him he was not to blame.  It was shame, really, shame at the fact his body continued to show he was not in control.  She had convinced him that he was at fault and all this did was confirm that.
"Yes.  At that point the previous victim had already opened up to me, which she hadn't done for anyone else.  Therefore, I was likely the best chance of getting this victim to say something."
"Yeah.  It always hurts and feels icky but this time it hurt more.  When She got ready to leave I saw blood on Her finger.  I just wanted to get home so I didn't say anything.  After I got home I looked again and there was still blood. I took off the underpants I was wearing and stuffed them in the hamper.  I told me dad that I wasn't hungry for supper and just stayed in my room.  I checked again before I fell asleep and there was only a little blood so I thought it was okay.  Then me dad woke me up and you know what happens after that."
"You've got a brother?" he said in the same tone.
"Were you restrained in any way?"
"A sweatsuit and a jacket."
"All right," said Sherlock quietly.  He crept up to the sofa and lay down on it, not bothering to take his coat off, using Hamish as a pillow.
Sherlock didn’t think there was a Jomeo in the phonetic alphabet either, but he decided not to question it.  “What do you want to build out here?”
"Don't you want it?"
"Dr. Martin."
"A lie."
"I heard about the investigation from someone else and went to talk to them myself."
Harvey switched subjects.  "You said your mother talked to Dr. Martin.  She asked if you were behaving and Dr. Martin said you were."
John merely stared at Lou in disbelief. "But..."
"Do you remember the day Jennifer came to your house?"  Susan took a step back from the stand.
On one hand, John was glad that Sherlock actually seemed to be showing some emotion, but he wished he wasn't the target.  "You're right, maybe I don't understand even part of it.  It's still very clear you're in pain, though.  Even if I can't understand that pain I can still be concerned for you."
"He didn't mention anything about the abuser?" Sherlock looked him directly in the eye.
"Why?" John had to ask.
Mrs. Hudson greeted him at the door.  "He just got in a little while ago.  I know you said to ring you when he came in, but I said that he should say something himself."
John felt lost for words, and didn’t know how Lou could remain so calm.  He said:  “And every few months there would be something new?”
"Did you tell your mother about this?"
I knew even before beginning this story that Sherlock's past was mostly going to be revealed by others.  He wasn't going to say much about it himself except in a few unguarded moments. And he was probably going to go to pieces over it. His way of dealing with what happened to him was essentially "shove it into the farthest corners of his brain and not think about it unless he needed it."  (And yes, for a variety of reasons he needed to think about it at times.) By the end of this chapter, or at least by the end of the fourth, John knows what happened to him.  Obviously not in a factual sense, but he has figured out that he suffered some form of sexual abuse. And he doesn't know what to do with that information.
Moira sighed in an exasperated child way. "No, your first name."
"Was the child there for an exam?"
"What did I say before about not assuming?" Sherlock lightly responded. "On the contrary, it was a very helpful conversation."
"May I ask you some questions? If you don't want to answer, just tell me."
Sherlock snorted.  “Of course. He has no friends other than K, and he’s desperately afraid of losing that friendship.  He’s also afraid that he will be arrested, because of nine years of conditioning that K has used to convince him he is the one responsible for any sexual activity.  He has found from our one conversation that I am willing to listen to him, and he wants to tell someone about what is going on.  Even though he thinks it is his fault he wants to talk about it simply because he never has before and I have mentioned –” He cut himself off mid-sentence.  “Suffice to say I understand many of the feelings he currently has.”
"What's the problem?" he asked as he stepped forward to meet them. If it didn't involve a case he couldn't imagine why they would be consulting him.
"I wondered if it was something she didn't feel comfortable speaking about with me.  She's going to be a teenager in a few years, and we've had talks along that line but perhaps it was something she didn't think I'd understand.  She said there was nothing wrong, though."
At that moment Mr. Aherne walked into the office. "You said I could come here to hear that tape?" he said without preamble. "I've cleared out the day, so I can be here for a while."
"Yes."  Mr. Aherne briefly rested his head on one of his hands.  "She has a teddy bear, Brownie, that used to belong to her mother.  It's always been around and she can't sleep without him, but usually he stays in her room.  She started carrying him all over the flat, and even to school in her book bag.  I told her she might get teased if anyone saw it, but she said she made sure no one did."
Another long period of silence.  Just when John thought Lou was going to ask for another break, Phillip responded in a very quiet voice.  “When I was about eleven I started to grow a lot.  I knew what that meant and I’d be shaving soon, things like that.  And my voice kept breaking.  She noticed that and said we’d better be careful, because I could make Her pregnant soon.  And once later, when She was on top of me like usual, I, uh…”
"Did they ask Mrs. Bena?"
“Boys or girls?”
"I shouldn't have," she told him.  At that point she noticed that they were blocking a door and ducked into an unused office nearby, gesturing for John to join her.  "We have time to talk; you're early anyway."  John knew he had been early, almost an hour early, but he couldn't bear one more minute of Sherlock silently staring off into space with that blank look on his face.  He followed her into the office.  "She was always well liked, that's true," she continued after shutting the door.  "And on some level I liked her.  But at the same time I should have gone with my instincts."
After a silence so long John expected the judge to intervene, Moira managed to say: "She asked me 'Are you a boy or a girl?' and then moved Her hand to the top of my jogging bottoms."
"Nowhere in particular."
"No.  You're on the witness list but you aren't going to be called.  You wouldn't offer any testimony that wouldn't be duplicated by other victims or witnesses."
"You can go get Hamish if you'll come back down," John said, figuring the bee might help him relax. Sherlock lept to his feet and John could hear him racing up the stairs. He half expected him to not come back and was surprised when he heard someone coming down the stairs. Sherlock walked in front of the sofa and sat down next to John, holding the bee in his lap like a frightened child might, seeking the comfort of the soft toy. John began to speak again. "I know that you've talked yourself into believing that a relationship with me is impossible. It's not. I also know you're interested in one. Right now I want you to understand that that is my choice, not yours."
"If you mean 'enjoyed it enough that you orgasmed' then, yes it still is.  And for the record,  it doesn't mean you enjoyed it, because it's just a physical response."  John was eerily reminded of the conversation he'd had with Sherlock a few days ago.
"You never said anything negative about her."  Mycroft's voice was heavy and John realized he was near tears.  "And she left to get married before you rang me."
"Can you tell me about one of your earliest memories?"
"Well, I'm excited. Tomorrow is my husband's first birthday." The rest of the group applauded. John felt confused for a second before he realized that she was probably referring to a complete year of sobriety due to some detox program. "He hasn't had any alcohol in a year."
He could hear Lestrade's breath catch.  "Where is Sherlock now, anyway?"
"You are correct.  I should look into that myself.  Why did I not think of that before?"  Sherlock's surprise was evident.  He then turned and walked back out the door, and after he disappeared from sight John could hear him heading up the stairs.
"You're asking the wrong person."
"John, we all know Sherlock is very good at solving crimes, but he's… harsh, you know that. I don't think it would be best to have him confront a suffering child." Lestrade gave him a sympathetic look. "You know that as well as anyone. If we wind up with some description, a name, anything that he could work with without talking to children, that would be different."
"Yes, of course.  He came over to my house a great deal on weekends.  He said he liked it better there, and he liked our dogs."
"Were you going any place in particular?"
"A few times each week.  We'd meet at the park and sometimes we'd stay there and other times we went to Her flat."
When John woke up he looked at his clock and was surprised to find it was almost noon.  The trial must have taken more of a toll on him then he thought.  He checked his mobile to see if Sherlock had texted him.  While he hadn't, there was a message from Lou.  He sounded very happy as he said "Watch the news this evening for our statement.  I am very pleased."
"Everyone tells me to pay more attention.  But it's just too much sometimes."  Phillip's voice was heavy with despair.
"I don't like school anyway," Phillip responded in his boyish voice.
The therapist that ran the group, Dr. Dodson, called it "a group for family and friends of those who have been sexually abused" but currently all the members were in some sort of romantic relationship with that other person. Including John, he supposed, although it wasn't like any other romantic relationship he'd been in in the past. There was no intimacy. Sherlock had touched him before the so-called relationship had begun, but not anymore. John had a feeling it had to do with that shift in their relations - he had gone from being non-sexual (and safe) to sexual and not safe. He both wanted to discuss it with the group, since they'd understand, and yet not wanting to admit the relationship was that distant.
"That's not an answer."  He was positive that Sherlock wasn't bringing up the subject because the response he gave somehow bothered him; if that was truly the case he would have said something long ago.  But he had no idea why he was bringing it up.  It could relate to the case, or the bee incident, or some third subject that hadn't been broached yet.
"Did you see anyone put anything in it?"
"Why do you need me?" he asked again.
"It's me." His voice was thick with tears.
This wasn’t like any nightmare he’d dealt with before, and he had no idea how to deal with it. “You’re safe here.”
"I understand. It's just... he's in so much pain. I want it to stop." John blinked away the tears in his eyes.
Other than opening a window to get rid of the bleach smell, nothing else happened that evening.  They both watched telly silently until around ten, then went to bed.  John, however, did not fail to notice Sherlock went out of his way to position Hamish to make sure John didn't touch him in his sleep.
"And why did you do that?"
"I've seen bits from shows on the telly," she cautiously replied, her smile vanishing.  "The solicitors get up and wave their hands around and say 'Objection!' a lot."
"What led to the execution?"  He wasn't sure whether she was deliberately avoiding the point or if she just felt all this information was needed.
"Was the girl dressed?"
John knew better than to dig deeper into that.  "Please get some sleep tonight," he found himself saying.
"Can you point to her?"  Mr. Ogbeide pointed directly at the dock.  "No further questions," Lou said, sounding satisfied.
"And that was all?"
"Talking to Ella."
"I haven't the slightest clue."
"I like it a lot. I want to be a scientist. Like Carl Sagan or Stephen Hawking or Marie Curie. I've got books that tell all about their lives." There was the clink of metal objects against each other. "Oh, Rory wants to say hello. Just let him sniff you. It's okay, Rory, he's a nice man." John couldn't believe what he heard next. It was a laugh – was Sherlock really laughing?
"Are the people here always in some kind of romantic relationship?" John had wondered about that.
"That's unlikely. He told the doctor in A&E that as soon as he saw bloody underwear in the hamper he packed all three kids into a cab and headed for the hospital. If he was the perpetrator it'd be a bit odd if he drew attention to what was going on so publicly," Donovan said. "She's from the same area as all the other victims, and they've only lived there a year. Moved from County Donegal. No family members to rule out; Mrs. Aherne died a few years ago and as he said they have no living relatives."
"Both."
Lestrade must have picked up on something in his voice, because he said: "That bad, was it?"
"What do you think you might be arrested for?" John asked.  Phillip glanced up at him as if he had only just noticed he was in the room.
"I take it you had a good time?" John asked.
"I wasn't supposed to talk to them much.  I had to stay in my room when they came.  Except when She would take me to the fucking room."
"What do you do if he asks you?"
Since he'd been so careful to not touch John, when John woke up the next morning he expected to find Sherlock had fled for parts unknown.  To his surprise he found him laying flat on the sofa, Hamish on his chest, eyes shut.  Not sure if he was asleep or not, John carefully made his way to the kitchen.
Martin assumed "him" was whoever normally resided in this body. "I'm not used to being so tall."
"Now, in your own words, tell me why you brought your children to A&E on Thursday night."
"Do you see a doctor for it?"
“In part.  K appears to choose victims that come from households where there is a distant or absent parent.  In Phillip’s case both of those factors are in play.  However, K has already made a mistake in that regard.”  Sherlock now sounded slightly smug, but that was better than flat.
"This is about that case you two have been working on for weeks, isn't it?" she said matter-of-factly.  Unable to speak, John just nodded.  "He's not going to be happy when he sees this.  I thought I'd better warn you."  She clearly meant Sherlock.  After several seconds of silence, she went on.  "Has he told you much about what happened to him?"
"But why did you say something to him after that?"
"Stay."  Sherlock looked as surprised he said it as John felt hearing it.  "Just for tonight, please."
"No one wants to talk to me.  They just tease me."
"Then I guess you understand some.  Not that much, though, 'cause Moira's my twin.  We tell each other stuff we don't tell other people.  Even if I get mad at her, she's still my twin.  No matter what else happens, we always have each other.  So we keep each other's secrets."  He glanced at both John and Sherlock, looking to see if they understood.
"No."
"Why not?"
The rest of the day at work was... odd.  On the one hand it did provide something of a distraction; for long stretches at a time John successfully banished K from his mind.  On the other hand he was still worried about Sherlock.  Every so often, when the feeling bubbled up to the surface, he would ring Mrs. Hudson on some pretense to get her to check on Sherlock upstairs.  While he was pretty sure she was aware of what he was doing, she always accepted his excuses.  She never had much to tell him, of course; she would report back and tell John that Sherlock was pacing around or curled up on the sofa.  After several such reports, he started counting down the time he had left at work and it was a relief when he was finally able to head back home. That itself was a painful reminder of how much K had changed their lives.
"How did he know the other jurors would say that?"
and responded with, "Why do you think that?"
"It's going to be a plea."  Sherlock sounded so unemotional he could have been talking about the weather.
Moira knows K's name and profession, and has been to her set-up flat, but little else. She's too afraid still to reveal any of this, with somewhat good reason. However, if she felt safe she would reveal more. Phillip would not.
After another cup of coffee John headed out the door and hailed a cab.  He gave the general intersection of the court, but not the precise address, as he didn't want to have any sort of discussion about the trial.  Unfortunately, the cab driver eagerly started talking shortly after John got in.  "You'll be right by the trial, then," he commented.  "Seems like every paper's got it on the front page."  Not wanting to encourage him, John merely made a nonspecific noise.  The cab driver seemed to take this as a cue to continue talking.  "I don't think it will go anywhere," he went on.  "Look at those pictures in the paper.  She looks like someone's kindly old aunt.  And why didn't anyone say anything until now?  Apparently they've got people saying something happened twenty years back, but none of them bothered to speak up at all."
"Well.  Sometimes.  When I'd spend the night at Her flat in bed with Her I'd think about how nice it was.  And sometimes I'd, um, well, She liked me to do it too."  His face darkened further.  "I'd, um..."
"I kept copies of all the starter checks, and would list whatever was lying around in the flat when I went in.  I didn't think anyone would keep a flat they didn't live in for anything good, but at the same time I didn't have any real proof Dana Lester did anything wrong."
"Her name's Kelly Martin."
"No.  She told me that the girl's mum and dad let her come in to see Her.  She never said the girl was there for a exam or a medical but everyone thought that."
"Why not?"
"Some private things, but no cases from the Yard, no."
Martin blinked, or at least it felt like he did, and the person in the mirror blinked as well. It wasn't him, though. It couldn't be him. His eyes weren't gray. His hair wasn't long or black. And he wasn't tall. He raised his hand, and the figure in the mirror raised his.
"I don't want to lose me dad."
“For Snoopadoop?  I don’t think we need to do anything now.  See where that old climbing frame is?  We can see if she’ll jump over the little bars.”  He stopped.  “Wait, I should get her treats!  I hope Douglas has watermelon, that’s her favorite!”  He dashed back into the house, leaving Sherlock alone with the dog.
"I don't want to get in trouble," he repeated.
"With the medical evidence being what it is, they're not going to argue she wasn't abused at all; they'll save that argument for the others.  But they may argue you did it."  Mr. Aherne gasped as Sherlock continued on.  "You haven't dated since your wife died, like a young widower with small children would be expected to."
"There are people who care about you, though.  For yourself.  Not what you provide them."
"Do you know why?"
"For how long did you see her after that?"
John wrote something down on the paper. "When did you go to sleep?"
"When did she talk to him again?"
"For very good reason.  My room is down the hall.  Shall we go there?"  Phillip nodded, clearly on the verge of tears, and the two of them walked down the hall together.
"And he can't make himself talk about that?" said Peter.
"Phillip is quite a boy, you know.  He reminds me so much of you.  So sad because his father is gone and his mummy doesn't love him.  No brother, though.  Or bee."  While the woman still looked like she had before, John felt a terrible sense of unease.  She no longer looked warm or anything like a person you would trust.  Even her smile suddenly seemed sinister.  "But of course at least I love him.  Just like you."
Apparently satisfied with this, Harvey changed the subject.  "When the police brought you down to the station for skipping school, you didn't speak to them, but you spoke to Sherlock Holmes.  Why?"
When he didn’t speak after a minute, John prompted him with: “What about the other two?”
"Right now, if you're ready."
"Tell me about the rest."
"Where is She currently employed?"  Sherlock had been silent for so long that John was startled when he spoke.
"Yes."
His scowl faded to a flat line.  “Correct, John, you’re finally starting to pay attention to what’s going on around you.  K assumed that since Moira was lonely and had no mother, that she had a home life closer to Phillip Rodgers’ life instead of the one she had.  K preferentially selects children from single parent homes where the parent is frequently absent or working, or children with distant parents, or ones that are already abusive.  Moira’s home is none of those.”
"Was she touching you in any place in particular?"
"Josephine and Blessing."
"Late last February, you were called down to Scotland Yard.  Can you tell me about that?"
I liked being able to write this little bit of domesticity before the storm.
"Correct.  Once Phillip is through testifying as well as Sarah, Sagnik Malakar will testify, then Jennifer, her parents, and her former foster mother, then Thomas Davidson and his parents, then Graham and Christine and their mother's cousin, one of the Ehiwenma twins and their long term-foster carer, then Jordan Ping Yu, Alla Pinyakova, James Warren and the officer who brought him in for solicitation, and me.  Lestrade and Donovan will testify after all the victims and Mrs. Murray is expected to testify at some point.  There may be other witnesses."  The recitation of the facts seemed to keep Sherlock calm; he sounded almost normal when he spoke.
"I can't imagine his profession would work too well with that."
Mrs. Murray sat up further, smiling.  Clearly she had been waiting for this moment.  "Like all the others, I got a packet of information from the previous landlord about that one.  With the others I usually got some bit of information about them, like 'owns two dogs' or 'children visit on Friday,' but all it said was the tenant's name was Dana Lester and they'd paid good money to get the flat.  Figured at that point I'd hear more about them later, but I never did.  When I made sure all the flats had a washer and dryer, I went in for the first time, and all I saw was that there was a washer and dryer already installed.  The flat was very clean.  I didn't think much of that until their rent was due and I got a check.  It was a starter check.  That seemed odd; I hadn't seen one of those in years.  I was able to cash it, though, and I didn't think further of it until the next month.  I got another starter check from this Dana Lester.  Now that was enough to make me wonder.  I started to head into the flat during the day, at odd hours.  If I'd encountered the tenant, I had an excuse ready. Not that it made a difference.  No one was ever there.  I kept getting starter checks, though, every month like clockwork."
"When you were sitting in her lap, is that the only way you were touching?"
Most people wouldn't. Kids are the ones who ask the questions that no one else wants to ask because they haven't learned to mind their own business yet.
"If you won't let me in I'll just talk through the door, you know."
In his defense, it was early in the morning.  True, it wasn't much of one, since there were about a hundred other things he should have noticed, but it was something.  No matter when Martin woke up, he had fifteen minutes of haze to work through before coming fully awake.  And he'd woken up in so many different hotels over the years he was used to his surroundings being unfamiliar.  That really wasn't an excuse, but it was something.
"No."
"I most certainly will.  Aren't you going to be taking care of your nephew?"
"I think so."  John wasn't surprised by the fact every other group member nodded in recognition.  "And, there's this kid, who was abused too, and the two of them have become friends.  They talk a lot and I think it sometimes sets him off, because they're so alike."
"Not off the job, but we chatted from time to time.  I wouldn't call us more than casual acquaintances."
"No, I told him some more things."
"Do you know any more of their name?"
"Both Her name and an address of the store itself."
"Why didn't you ask more?"
"Of course, Mr. Aherne. We'll just go into one of the interview rooms," Lestrade said soothingly. "Sherlock, you know you'll have to tape your conversation with Phillip, but I don't anticipate any problems. John, you're coming with us?" John nodded and the three of them left the room, Sherlock closing the door behind them.
He only made out one word next to Her picture before he threw all the papers across the room. He didn't know what it was going to say, but he knew without seeing it that he didn't want to know what it was, that the contents would be like poison. He grabbed his coat and fled. It was like all his world had been blotted out by white-hot pain. And there was only one thing that could make it stop.
"Martin lives there. Not
"I presume the previous landlord approved it.  All the flats got some a few years back, according to his notes. Whoever was in there must have asked for something in particular."
"Nothing in particular.  I asked her some questions and tried not to put an answer in her mouth."  Sherlock seemed calmer now, probably because he was being asked about his work rather than himself.
"My mum doesn't love me.  With Her it might hurt or make you feel bad but She'd give you hugs too and let you sit in Her lap.  Even if it hurt worse I'd have still put up with it because She was nice to me like other mums were." He leaned towards Sherlock, seemingly unaware of what he was doing.
I knew that the sooner the Yard found out about what Sherlock was doing, the better, so I made sure someone found out the same day. I chose Lestrade because sending anyone else seemed likely to end in a snipe-fest.
There were dozens more books, but Sherlock's eyes were starting to glaze over at the repetition. Didn't this man have any interests that didn't have to do with planes? There was even a joystick at the computer, something he hadn't seen in years.
"Where did you meet?"
Lou's office was several miles away, so John took a cab there. It was on the ground floor, though, and once he got inside it only took a minute to find it. The door leading to his room was wide open, and John could see Lou on the inside gesturing for him to come in. He was currently on the phone, but waved his hand at the chairs that faced his desk. John sat down in one and realized he now faced a large wall covered in photographs. The first one that caught his eye was of the Aherne family. It looked like a formal picture, since everyone in it was dressed up. Mr. Aherne sat next to a small woman with long black hair - Nora Aherne, it had to be. Their youngest child Dierdre sat in her lap, and Kieran and Moira framed each of them. The picture next to that was of Phillip Rodgers and his father. It must have been taken recently, since Phillip had only recently gone to live with his father. He wore a school uniform and looked nervous. One of his hands rested almost unconsciously on his father's arm. Next to that photo was of a boy in a wheelchair holding an infant and smiling - Thomas Davidson. His mother must have given birth. Below that row there was a picture of the Spencer family, complete with Gloria and Angus. Christine looked polished, like Graham and Martin now did, but from the looks of it Dominic was still on the streets. Next to that was a picture of Jennifer Ogibede-Bena and her father on the beach somewhere. The last picture showed two teenagers of African descent, a boy and girl, with their arms around each other. John knew they'd been in foster care with K, but couldn't remember their names. The final row had one passport-style picture of a man with red hair and Asian features, one of a blond girl and a ginger boy mutually scowling for the camera, and what looked like a celebration with Sagnik Malakar's whole family.
"I would go so far to say that not only was he a spy as well he was most likely killed because he was looking into this case.  That is probably why her father was so desperate to save the information."  He closed the laptop.  "Trying to get into the flash drive now is having no effect.  We should look into other parts of the case."
"I just walked in there and when I heard Her voice I headed towards that exam room.  She had just seen a patient out and when She saw me She smiled.  She said it was a pleasant surprise to see me and She gave me a hug.  I liked that.  Then She said she had a little free time and would I want to come with Her, and I did.  I think we went to one of the empty rooms.  Once we were in there She sat down in a chair and told me I could sit in Her lap.  My mum never let me do that, so I did."  He paused and took a few deep breaths.  "At first She just was rubbing my back and I liked that.  After a minute or two She put Her hand down my trousers and inside my pants.  I didn't like that much.  It felt...strange."
"When did you start to play the flute?"
"Scared of what?"
"It was a reasonable gesture," said Sherlock without turning around and looking at him.
John didn’t know that, but he knew the general idea they operated on.  “They use a system to code and uncode called a one time pad. The code is randomly generated and used only once.  Which means we can’t get anything out of this message even if it’s meant to tell us something, because we don’t have the code.”
John bit back his thought of
"The Yard let you question him?"
"Yeah."
"You're a pretty big boy for your age."  Harvey seemed triumphant at this point.  John felt uneasy; he didn't like wherever this was going.
Sherlock thinks about the past.
"Threats are force.  It's not holding a gun to your head, but it's force."  Sherlock echoed John's words of the day before.  "What was She doing then?"
"The court will adjourn for one hour," Judge Foster said before Harvey could further react.
While Sherlock didn't fall asleep, he did wait about fifteen minutes before he opened his eyes. The man who had been ordered to the back of the plane was there, handing the man next to him a mug of coffee. Once he'd done that, he looked Sherlock up and down confusedly before leaving without a word.
"He was disturbed by it?" Harvey skeptically echoed.
"Yeah, he does.  But not like that woman did.  On the cheek or the forehead."
"It was sometimes.  Kind of nice?"  He sunk down in his chair.  "I didn't like Her putting things in me or telling me to do stuff with the little kids, but when She was done She'd cuddle with me.  Hug me and let me sleep with Her.  I liked that.  And no one else liked me at all.  If I didn't go with Her I'd get teased at school and Mum would yell at me at home and that would all still be there without Her.  I thought a few times that I should tell Her I didn't want to see Her as much, but then I thought about how I'd never get anyone else to like me."
"I'll leave you to it, then.  Goodbye."  As soon as Lestrade disconnected he shut off his mobile and went up the stairs as quietly as he could.  He poked his head in Sherlock's room and to his relief Sherlock looked to be asleep, curled up in a ball on his side while the music still played.
At this point Sarah poked her head into the room and asked "Is there a problem?"
"I'll take ya there."
“And they were all innocent.”
"He was on a walk with this small blond woman.  I was in the garden, playing with one of the bull terriers my family kept then, and they walked right past our house.  I didn't know that was his mother then, but I heard her say that he'd been writing his brother at school again and it was selfish to ask him to come back home and at least he was making something of himself.  She went on about how he didn't show any respect to anyone except... Then she noticed that someone was nearby and stopped talking.  She glared at me.  He met my eyes for a second and all I saw in them was despair.  After that I decided someone needed to try to be his friend."
"An older brother," Sherlock curtly replied, the first time John had seen him even show a hint of the usual way he questioned others with the children in the case.
"Not very much.  I think they had to keep it as quiet as possible.  They talked to me and Debra and Jennifer, of course."
"Not the way you might be thinking.  Frank and I did tell her that she was in care because of her hospital visit, and that we just wanted to make sure she was safe at home.  She said that she was."
"I've never smoked."  Sherlock's tone made it very clear that he wasn't going to discuss it further.  Fortunately, Mr. Aherne just half-nodded in his direction and continued to lead them into the kitchen.  He motioned for Lestrade to sit down at the kitchen table.  When he had done so, Mr. Aherne sat in the chair next to him.  Sherlock had already went into the living room, and John followed him.
"Did she try to touch you again?"
"Drug possession."
"Did you ever tell them what you told us about that room before?"  Clark said "that room" in a way that left it obvious what he was omitting from the sentence.
The woman rolled her eyes. "Well, what else is there to do? Make him sleep outside? Call his old landlord and ask if the attic's empty? Give him a blanket and make him sleep on GERT-I? Lock him in the portacabin?"
This is the first indication of the type of family the Ahernes are, since few of the parents we later meet would be sitting vigil in their child's hospital room. I also wanted to show the behavior that lead to the Yard ruling him out as a suspect. He wants to believe that his daughter really doesn't know the person who abused her, because then he doesn't have to worry that she's
“K was my friend,” she said softly.  “I didn’t have any others.”
At this point John figured that he shouldn't comment on that remark at all.  "When exactly did she tell you that you were a sexual psychopath?  And did you have any idea what that meant in the first place?"
"No."
"Because he's older?" John guessed.
Her expression sobered.  "I need to help the police.  Because of K."
"No, she never did.  It's the reason her marriage broke up."
"Why not?"
"Because She told me that.  Because of what I did when I met Her."  There were more disapproving sounds.  John felt pleased by that; it was obvious Harvey's attempt to portray Phillip as a budding sexual predator just made it more clear he was a brainwashed and scared child.
"Are you going to witness the whole thing?"
Sherlock talks to Phillip.
"Why did you say that if someone did?"
"But I don't have to come?"
He picked up his computer from the floor, booted it up, and once it was started inserted the flash drive.  Nothing happened, so he went to the drive directory and entered the sequence.  Once again, nothing happened.  Not even an error message.  "I got nothing."
"I do," he said, because she was right and he didn't want to lie to her.
"If you've really been out in the rain all day, that's a good idea," John added.  Phillip nodded and headed back to where Sherlock pointed.  "I'm going upstairs.  Something of mine has to fit him," John said as he headed for the stairs.  "See if he wants cocoa or tea."
The woman sitting on the sofa was small and petite, her hair a light blond color that made her seem younger.  One of her hands was closed over something.  She was short, barely five feet tall, but looked determined.
"You're my babysitter," Sherlock said disbelievingly.
Huge apologies for this being so late, I got a bit writer's blocked. Also apologies for its brevity; the next chapter should be longer.
"You were having a nightmare," John said as he came to stand next to him.  He took hold of the blankets and threw them to the ground, then turned on the light.
"Four," Sherlock icily replied.
"It was important.  Otherwise you wouldn't have asked me anything.  In fact, you wouldn't have said anything in the first place."
"And how did you know that?"  Harvey narrowed her eyes as she looked at him.
"Because she's my twin and we keep each other's secrets."
"Do I have to look at Her?"  Even though Lestrade had spoken to her, she still kept her gaze on Sherlock.
"Noonish," Lou said.  They headed for the door.
"Thank you again.  See you tomorrow."
"But no blowups?" Peter said.
"Are you all right?"  John must have noticed his distress.
For some reason, hearing K called "Dr. Martin" always unnerved John.  The thought that someone who had gone through the same training he had - and even worse, someone who regularly cared for children - could still be that sort of monster was hard to believe.  Dr. Arthur had been racist, sexist, and arrogant, but John hadn't wanted to divorce him from their shared profession.  He swallowed before speaking.  "Since she used to work at St. Bart's, would you be able to go through the records there and look for anything?  For all we know, some of the victims could have been treated by her."
"I could bring 'em here, but I don't. I just figure someone should look after you."
“It’s okay to be angry at this K, you know.”  John found himself speaking before he could think about it.  “If he’s really convinced Phillip this is all his fault, he’s a despicable human being.”
"My bear was me mum's. She gave him to me when I was a baby. My brother got me dad's old stuffed elephant. We're twins."
A terrible thought occurred to him.  Sherlock had warned him that he could go for days not speaking.  Was he really just lost in his own thoughts, or were those occasions where he was having a flashback or disassociating?  He remembered times where Sherlock would ask him to do something as soon as he got in the door.  At first John had assumed he was just so lost in his thoughts that he hadn't been paying attention to the fact John had left, but if he had been in one of those states he genuinely might have not been aware that time had passed.  He shivered and headed to the kitchen to make a cup of tea.
The question seemed to snap Sherlock back into a sense of reality.  "Some time ago," he said in what was almost close to a normal tone of voice.
Sherlock knows this because from everything he's already seen of the Aherne family he knows that if they were merely divorced, at the very least Mr. Aherne would bring a seperate picture of her mother. Moira doesn't ask for one because she can't be used as a threat. Her reference to her mother having "a break in her lung" is a confusion of the fact a blood clot broke off and settled in her lung; since Moira was only six she didn't quite understand what happened.
“Well.  This is Graham’s idea, really, but I know how hard it can be living with someone who’s trying to process all of this.  There’s a group I go to, for those close to survivors.  It meets on Sunday afternoons.  I don’t know if it would be something you’re interested in.”
"Yes."
"Why?"
His hands formed fists.  "They better keep her in jail for a long time.  Or I'll..."
"He had blond hair and wasn't wearing any clothes."
"Watson." Holmes' voice galvanizes him to life. "If you continue to respond so unenthusiastically, I will be forced to deduce that this is not a course of action you wish to pursue."
His eyes catch mine, sparking, affectionate, and it is like coming alive after a century entombed. "Me too."
I fall in love with him some months after we've moved into the rooms at Baker Street, once things have settled into place under the comforting blanket of his pipe smoke and Mrs. Hudson's fussy concern for our bachelor's well-being. He is at the end of a case, pacing out the details across the tiger skin rug and my newly purchased bulldog pup, who makes a yelping retreat when distracted feet get too close. His violin is in one hand, the bow, a single piece of catgut sprung and curling, in the other. I am reading the paper, trying my best to be another piece of the familiar scenery that helps him think.
Watson winds up as though he's going to slam a fist into Holmes' jaw, then relents at the last second with a smile and cuffs him gently.
Excitedly, he tells me about his hemoglobin research, graceful, chemical-splattered hands gesturing with enthusiasm. I know about these things, though my medical knowledge feels dusty and faded by years of underuse. I find myself staring too long as he waits expectantly for a reaction to his discovery, and finally I manage the lackluster response, "Oh."
Holmes only smiles, reverses their positions so he is leaning against the wall, and places his fingertips on the corresponding area of Watson's clavicle. He presses down gently, one eyebrow quirking in suggestion.
much, John! "
All he wanted, in the end, was to finally be himself...
He sighed and pushed away from the door frame, closed the door behind him, and moved further into the room. He knelt down beside the bed so that he was at eye level with Sherlock. Draping one arm over Sherlock's abdomen, he rested his head on Sherlock's chest. He closed his eyes and focused on Sherlock's breathing so that he could adjust his rhythm to match. The sense of relief that came over him worked to slow down his own frantic heartbeat as Sherlock set aside his phone, buried one hand in John's hair, and gently massaged small circles into his scalp.
"What... was the argument about?" John asked cautiously, managing to focus Mycroft's attention on him again and not letting him wallow in his own memories. Mycroft hesitated as if he weren't sure whether what he was about to say was wise, but finally nodded sharply and continued.
It had all sounded so good in theory. Bonded, but free from the animalistic urges that allowed neither unclouded thought nor the freedom to work. Bonded to an alpha who would keep his distance because he was pursuing his own dream, one which society would otherwise have barred him from. It would have been perfect!
Despite everything, John mentally prepared a little speech during the bureaucratic proceedings, which he planned to recite to Sherlock afterwards. But it never came to that. Although Sherlock's brother – the alpha who strangely no longer seemed to pose a threat to John in the wake of their bond – offered to give them a few moments alone together, Sherlock vehemently refused the opportunity.
Shaking his head indulgently, John followed him into the next room. Not too long ago, Sherlock's diva attitude would have infuriated him. But now, he found it downright endearing – at least sometimes. With a smirk on his face, he poked and prodded at Sherlock until he could sit down on the couch with his omega's head resting in his lap. He began to comb through Sherlock's hair with both hands until the tension drained from his body.
It wasn't his fault Harry was an alcoholic. It wasn't his fault that she'd drunk herself into a coma and nearly choked to death on her own vomit. It wasn't his fault that his sister couldn't get her life in order and blamed him for it. John wasn't responsible for any of it. Yet he still felt duty-bound to help her.
The answer only confused Sherlock further than their brief exchange already had. "That doesn't make any sense! I mean, if you'd at least said that the language appeals to
"You will never get over your jet lag if you don’t sleep at night, John."
They sat down at the kitchen table and ate in silence, drank the tea, and even set another kettle on to boil in order to compensate for their loss of fluids.
John had the opportunity to get to know Cilia better over the two weeks following Christmas. He still wasn't comfortable with the idea of inseminating the omega, but she and Bill came across as such a fairy tale couple with only one thing standing in the way of their happy ending: a baby. Given that John wasn't able to fulfil his own dream of a loving alpha-omega relationship, and this couple saw him as a suitable donor, he wanted to help.
"That's what you get then... almost there... here, feel this, Sherlock. It's all the way in now... God, you're so hot..."
Sherlock paused and looked down at the long strip of peel still hanging off the yellow potato as he considered. Starch clung to the knife and his fingers, like fine floury grains on his fingertips.
Sherlock wanted to have him here. Wanted to make the 'we' come true that he'd carelessly mentioned in the kitchen not long ago. Even if Sherlock only wanted a guiding hand, backup, someone he trusted...
would an omega be able to carry out a crime of that scope? Without any help? I find it much more likely that you have a problem with our lifestyle, and are targeting us in a discriminatory manner. Even though bonding with more than one omega was a routine occurrence less than a hundred years ago."
John shook his head with a smile. The warm feeling in his heart expanded, filling him up until he felt as if he would burst at any moment.
"Pheromone blocker. Made it myself." The omega stopped in front of John, a self-satisfied grin on his face and obvious pride in his voice. He lifted his chin to expose his neck to John. "Here, tell me what you smell."
Standing almost motionless and eating in the midst of a bustling mass of people was almost like being in a slower-moving parallel universe surrounded by a cocoon of colourful sounds. The clicking of heels on the smooth tile floor, the constant announcements that could only be understood with the utmost concentration, snatches of words in several languages.
"You're cute!" The man had leaned over to John and spoken the words right in his ear; even so, they were barely audible. John understood, however. He looked doubtfully into the other man's face, trying to figure out what he wanted after dropping that line. 'Cute' really wasn't an adjective that John wanted to be describe with.
"I can't help with the flat, but I can offer you my couch for a couple of nights. It's nothing fancy, but you can open it up, and... well, it would take the pressure off while you look around."
And every time as well, John ignored the hint of envy that gnawed at him, along with the yearning he felt whenever his saw his pining comrade. After all, there was no reason to be melancholy. John was at peace with his life and the turn it had taken since that fateful meeting in the laboratory of St Bart's. Didn't he have everything he'd ever wanted now?
"Tea?" John asks and heads towards the kitchen. However, Sherlock doesn’t respond. John rolls his eyes in resignation, grabs the kettle and fills it. A few seconds after he’s turned it on, its characteristic sound fills the room. Humming John takes two cups from the cupboard, removes the cleaned teapot from the drainer by the sink and fills some loose Darjeeling into a tea strainer.
"Well, what can I say. We like it hot," Victor countered and returned the smile.
The numerous quotes from Victor indicated quite clearly that he must have sold his story, including his history with Sherlock, to the paper. Victor, of all people! One of the only two people who had loved Sherlock unconditionally, and here he was laying Sherlock bare and sullying his image so that nothing further would remain of him but scandals, stunts, and a reputation in ruins. It negated all of the work Sherlock had done, never mind that his achievements had been swept further and further under the carpet in the months following his death.
John rolled his eyes with exasperation and gave Sherlock a grim look. Moran, on the other hand, stared pointedly at Sherlock's injured cheek, which had turned black-and-blue as a result of John's punch. Rainbow colours gleamed on his cheekbone, flowing up to just beneath his eye.
Sherlock gave his alpha a contemplative look. John hadn't told him much about the episode in which the Murrays had asked him to be their sperm donor. He'd only gone so far as to imply that he hadn't been able to get it up, and that was the reason he hadn't gone through with it. But he'd wanted to. He'd wanted to impregnate another alpha's omega. An omega who had shamelessly thrown herself at him before – allegedly – changing her mind a short while later.
"Twenty-five years.  It wasn't like what you would expect, being married to a murderer.  Edwin was never violent with me.  I'd have almost called him timid.  I was the only woman he’d ever courted."  Once again she looked at the picture of K and John noticed the anger in her glance.  "We lived in England for the most part.  Edwin would visit relatives in Florida but he never wanted me to meet them.  I didn't mind that; the one time I did meet his mother was enough.  He never mentioned much about his childhood, said he couldn't remember most of it.  Every now and then he'd tell me little things.  My guess is that he did remember and just didn't want to tell me."
"No."
Moira is presented with the lineup.
"I should have gone to the police then.  I thought that just telling his mother might avoid a fuss."
"What happened then?"
"Come in. I've been baking all day for a birthday party this weekend. Birthday boy is allergic to peanuts and his parents wanted to make sure none were in the kitchen."
"No.  But She said if I didn't She'd call the Yard on me.  Tell them I'd been doing things with Her too."  He turned to look at Sherlock again, and tears were in his eyes.  "There was one time where She had this really little girl with her and I was supposed to..." He seemed to check whether both of them knew what he meant, and when Sherlock nodded in understanding, he went on.  "She - the little girl - was crying the whole time.  After it was done I ran to the bathroom and threw up.  I wanted to find something to take so I could die but all there was was soap and shampoo."
"I didn't want to go to jail."
"Of course.  You are aware that most children are capable of expressing such a preference?"  At that moment Sherlock looked just like the person he had been before this case came to dominate their lives, and John was grateful for it.  Then Sherlock looked down at the paper again and gritted his teeth.  "Victim Eleven is Alla Pinyakova?"
Lou clearly found her repeated use of the word disconcerting, but he managed to keep his voice even.  "What happened when you got in there?"
That was a relief, at least.  "Is it still going to be Wednesday?"
"He wasn't talking about anything else.  I got one remark from him when I caught him off guard.  I wasn't expecting any more."  Sarah sounded calm.
"I spoke with him before you came down.  He says we should come down around two."  Sherlock didn't look like he had slept at all.  His eyes were bloodshot with dark circles under them.  In some ways it looked like he had aged overnight, but the rumpled clothes and the blanket made him look oddly childlike.  For lack of a better word, he looked despairing.  John wondered if he had made things better or worse with his questions the day before.
"No, the fiancé of Graham Spencer.  His brothers are attending tomorrow and she asked if I'd sit with them until it was over."
"No.  I had my brother and our dog Rory to play with but no one else.  Sometimes Kieran wanted to play alone though, and it's my job to take care of Rory, so I took him for a lot of walks."
"Did Sarah testify yesterday?"
"He's been contacted."
"Most times.  Not all of them."
"No, and the court has been lax about enforcing his visitation as such.  He pays child support in addition to his son's mobile."
“Get some rest.  No telling when you’ll be dragged out again.”
"Mmm," he finally said.
That, of all things, was what made Mycroft look away from him.  "Sherlock did say that she let him help after school in the clinic she worked at.  He also said that he liked playing in her garden."  He paused.  "He told me he loved her.  I thought he merely had a childhood crush."
They remained silent through the way out of the Yard and all of the cab ride home.  John only dared to break the silence once they were back in 221B.  "What did Phillip ask you about?"  He wasn't sure he'd actually get an answer, but still felt the need to ask.
"No."
"Why isn't She being charged with more, then?" she asked.
The interview room was small and windowless. It had a small table, four chairs, and a tape recorder. Mr. Aherne settled into one of the chairs. He looked uneasy. Lestrade sat down opposite him and gestured for John to sit next to him. "If you want us to stop the tape at any point, just tell us," Lestrade said in a soothing manner.
"She asked if she was going to spend time with Her after, and She said that once I left they could."
"Did you ever hear anything about how the investigation was going?"
"Thank you," Mr. Rodgers said before leaving quietly with his son.  Sherlock slumped down in his chair once they were out of sight.
"Should I tell him or will you?"  John hoped she would; it wasn't a conversation he was looking forward to at all.
John was the one who lay awake over the next few nights, staring at the ceiling.  He could only think about the crowd in the courtroom: the media, the buffalo, all the others that would be there.  He kept thinking of the person who'd dared to laugh when Phillip testified.  He couldn't protect Sherlock from something like that.  On Monday, he hadn't watched any telly at all, so there would be no chance of something about the ongoing trial coming up.  Mrs. Hudson kept the newspapers from them.  On Tuesday he only watched a bit of the news when Sherlock was dozing in his room.  Of course what he'd seen had mentioned the trial; the announcer said that one of the victims who had testified that day had considered killing K after a friend who lived on the streets with him committed suicide, since she had bought time with both.  He only changed his mind after being arrested for solicitation.  From that John suspected the victim was James Warren, the rent boy.  He had a terrible feeling that the friend who had committed suicide had been made to do something to another child by K.  It took away his desire to watch any more news.
From the look she gave him, he wasn't doing a very good job at pretending to be Sherlock Holmes.  "Well, if you want the kettle's on and I heard John say something about Chinese."
"Yes I do.  Let's go," John said and once again led the way.  Sherlock followed but appeared lost in thought, like he was in the midst of yet another deduction.  Hopefully he wasn't so lost that he wouldn't question Dr. Arthur, since John had no idea what he should ask the man.
Harvey looked disappointed at Mrs. Bena's calm.  "This woman used an alias, correct?"
John hadn't been expecting a question like that.  "Relaxed.  Tired.  Generally content."
"You may at this point understand why I am married to my work." His voice sounded stiff, like even his vocal chords had gone rigid.
Mr. Ogebide, the foster mother, and the landlady all testify.
"Your flat only has three bedrooms?" Harvey asked, in one of her usual abrupt subject changes.
"A few months."
"No," whispered Sherlock.
"My archenemy."
"Your brother. He's been around here before. And that friend of yours. They worry about you."
"You sound like you need someone to talk to almost as much as he does."  She was still calm.
Phillip hesitated, and pointed a shaking finger to the dock.  “No further questions,” Lou said triumphantly.
"Yeah," he whispered.
"Yes."
"Why don't you just ask them?"
"Who's the judge?" John asked.  He wouldn't know whoever it was either, but he was curious.
"Who gave you that?"
A vague memory of hearing about Dr. Martin from Sarah a few weeks ago came back to him.  She had complained about Dr. Arthur but had said that Dr. Martin had been nice.  Whether it was because he had forgotten or that he'd chose not to make the connection, he hadn't thought about that.  "Why was Lestrade here?" he made himself ask.
"Hello, did you come about the flat on the third floor?  It's still available.  Quite a lot of people have come to look at it, but I'm the one that makes the final choice."  She looked down the walkway at John.  "Are you with him?  Come over here, don't be shy.  Better for anyone who's going to live there to see what it's like."
“The clue?”
"As you may or may not know, my father passed away when I was nine and Sherlock two. He had been ill for some time beforehand, for what to me seemed like a lifetime. My mother seemed to never recover from his death. Neither of our parents was ever particularly doting or loving, but after the death of our father she became all the more distant. As a result I had to spend much of my spare time looking after my brother. She was home every day, did not work, was easily able to live off the money her family had and my father had accumulated. We had no living family besides our father's mother, who lived in France and thus was not available to us most of the time; our mother was an only child of two only children, both of whom had died before I or my brother was born." He broke his gaze from John to the window again. "Of course when I turned eleven I was sent to the same public school my father attended. I was worried about leaving my brother alone at home – not from any physical dangers, but I was concerned he would be lonely. So I took what pocket money I had saved and bought him that stuffed bee from a store in town."
"Did you want to do anything to them?  Did you see them and think about how good it would be to have sex with them?"  Sherlock was amazingly calm.  John had felt his stomach muscles clench as soon as he'd realized what Phillip was talking about, but Sherlock was acting like he had conversations like this every day.
Just then Phillip stepped back into the room.  John's clothes were too big for him, since he was so thin, and he looked like he was being swallowed by the jumper and jeans.  He made a beeline to Sherlock.  "I knew if I came here you'd let me in."
"And they think it would be best if Phillip and I do not contact each other again until I testify."
"Can you point to her?"
"But the longitude and latitude were six, if you count the directionals."
"Hi Martin, I'm John Watson."
Lestrade stood up. "I should get going now; I have a lot to do today. That file is a copy, so you can keep it yourself without sneaking one out." Before walking out the door, he added "Thank you for the tea, John. Mr. Aherne's number is in the file, so call him and plan for a Thursday meeting."
Mari chuckled. "The friend's son."
Whether it was entirely from that John didn't know, but Sherlock blinked a few times and seemed to finally see what was in front of him.  "John?" he said slowly.
"No further questions."  Clark shuffled back to the defense table.  Harvey smiled at him; John wondered if that little bit of doubt was really enough to make her happy.
John sat down on the sofa next to him, albeit leaving a space between the two of them.  "First of all, don't think you have to get drunk to tell me anything.  I promise that I won't get angry at anything you say."  He was probably asking for trouble with a policy like that, but putting Sherlock at ease was more important.  "Second - no, wait.  Have you ever kissed someone before?"  It seemed like a reasonable question, but as soon as it came out of his mouth Sherlock backed up against the arm of the sofa, clutching the bee even tighter.  "I'm sorry," John quickly said.  "Let me rephrase that.  Have you ever kissed someone that wasn't her?  In a romantic way?"  He almost said "kissed someone because you wanted to" but was smart enough to realize that might have the same answer the first question did.  Sherlock shook his head.  John could still see fear in his eyes.  "You know that relationships are about more than just physical affection, right?" he said.
I made sure to get this one out quicker than the last few. Go me.
"Correct."  He could tell from the way he said it that Sherlock had been aware of this for some time.
"I wonder why his mother pays for a mobile for him.  It's not like she puts any other effort into him," John idly remarked.
"More details about what went on in that room.  She told me she'd sung a little nursery rhyme to the woman.  Sometimes when she tells me something she freezes and tries to change the subject."
“Did you know K would come tonight?  Was that why you didn’t have Rory in your room?”  Sherlock asked quietly.
"In your own words can you tell me what happened on the night of Friday, February 18?"
"Then one of the police came back and I left.  He gave me his mobile number and told me to ring him if I had more to say."
"Did you see her the next week?"
Only a few minutes after the defense came in, Lou and Susan walked in through the doors.  Unlike the defense, they didn't stop to talk to the media representatives that swarmed around them.  They simply waved them away and walked down to their section of the court.  The press took this as the cue to stop hovering around the doors and make their way to the press box.  In a few minutes the courtroom was full and quiet, everyone in it politely seated.  The jury then was lead in by an usher and seated.  Shortly after that an usher called, "Court rise!" and everyone got to their feet.  Judge Foster entered the room through a side door and seated himself at the bench.  He banged his gavel and the others in the courtroom sat down.  "The Crown Court is now in session.  Today's case is R vs. Martin."  He looked towards the prosecution.  "Is the prosecution ready to begin?"
"Well, she does see a therapist." He looked back at Dr. Dodson before speaking again. "They've agreed to not bring up any of those issues unless she does it. That hasn't happened yet, by the way, but there's been progress."
"Did you ever go inside the house?"
"I went into the living room after I ate and looked at the bookcases.  She came in and said that since I always had a bee with me I'd like one of Her insect books.  She took the book off the shelf and said I could have it for a kiss."  John had expected him to say something like that, but his stomach still sank with dread.
"Can you give me your name?" He tapped his pencil on the table.
"Good idea," he said, and headed straight to the room.  It was unlocked, but no one was there, not even the buffalo.  John felt odd sitting in the front row, since the buffalo had a monopoly on it, but now he was right in front of the witness stand where Sherlock couldn't miss him.
"Well. You see. I knew Her before I was out here. You know, I ran off when I was twelve. Sick of living with Mum and all those junkies that stayed there. Mum said she didn't want me at all. Don't know why she kept me. Anyway, I got sick of everyone there smacking me around. Left. I knew Her from when Mum decided I had to earn my keep." He paused, then began again. "At least all those times when I was out there with Her I got to keep the money. Once I got past thirteen She wasn't interested in me as much but sometimes found me anyway. And when you're on the street you meet lots of kids who're there too. There was this girl, Jamie, and she just got out there. Didn't know how to beg and never had any money. I told her I'd help her and teach her how to survive. And I did for most. Then one day She came along and asked me to come with Her. I did and when I got back Jamie was going on. She was only twelve, you know, and she was real innocent. So I said She liked to buy us for a while. We talked a bit and Jamie figured out that meant sex. She asked me if I liked it and I said you could never really like it with Her but She always gave you good money. Then we went and got takeaway and I thought it'd be over but the next time She came around Jamie went with Her. I was there when she got back and she looked horrible. I'd've asked her about the money but she looked like she was about to cry and so I asked if she was all right. She shook her head and ran off. Never saw her again after that, not alive at least. Found out from someone else that she'd used all that money and bought some junk. It was too much and she died. The people who told me said it was an accident, but it wasn't no accident. Whatever She made her do was so bad she didn't want to live with it anymore. I got so angry. She was just a little twelve year old girl and then She got a hold of her. I decided I'd kill Her the next time I saw Her. Stab Her with a knife, cut off everything She could have used to hurt her. But then I got arrested and I didn't want to go to jail so I told them about Her. I'd seen on the telly that they had Her in jail and I figured if She got to rot in jail it'd be better than killing Her." Another long pause. "Then I saw all those papers today and I wished I had." He turned as if to leave but added "Even if I'm not taking that stuff and it'll kill you I figure everyone got a right to. I know you helped out the police and all that and it still wasn't enough." Not even a second later, he vanished into the night.
"Thank you," John said.  "I'll keep in touch."
"John, you were a medical student once.  You worked in A&E.  Please don't tell me you're coming to me with..."
"Why do you enjoy that so much?"
“Do you use a specific container for that sugar or do you just scoop it out of where you normally keep it?”
"If you're talking about semen, no. Whoever he is isn't having full intercourse with them; there's only signs of digital penetration. Possibly oral sex, but no one's said anything about that." Lestrade sighed. "Of course anyone who's been doing this for that long is careful, or he'd have been caught by now. We've looked amongst past sexual offenders in the area, and most of them have been ruled out for one reason or another. I suspect he's not living nearby."
"What do you mean by that?"
"Oh, shut up and let me finish!" Mrs. Murray snapped.  "I stayed outside because it's my duty as the owner of the building.  They didn't let me in, didn't let me see in at all.  The only thing anyone said to me when they were working was chat about the weather."
The defense solicitors didn't seem to have noticed the exchange.  They first watched as K settled herself in the dock and then made their way down to the defense box.  The woman, Rochelle Harvey, seemed to be in charge; she talked to the man while he nodded.  She looked taller than John by a few inches and wore wire-framed glasses.  Even though she had to at least be in her fifties, her hair was still platinum blond and thick in a way that indicated she wasn't dyeing it.  Marvin Clark also wore glasses and had dark hair creeping towards baldness.
“About that,” Lestrade said slowly.  He got up from where he was sitting and stood so he did not face Sherlock or John.  “The higher-ups have said that you can’t work on this case anymore.”  He looked briefly at both of them as if expecting some sort of explosion, but there was none.  Sherlock looked at him as if he’d started speaking a foreign language, but that was all.  “Not that you’ve been in any way subpar; without your help we’d have never cracked the case.  It’s just that if no one ever talked about all this without speaking to you there’d be a good chance her solicitors would use it against us, and no one wants to see this case go wrong.  Any other interviews are going to be done by different Yarders.  Normally we have a female officer interview children who have been abused, but in this case…”  He turned once again to face them.  “It’s the policy, you know.  It never occurred to me it would be a problem until now.”
"What happened when Mycroft found out about that?" There were seven years between the brothers, and John figured at that point Mycroft would have been at university, but he did seem to care for his brother and would keep up with how he was at home. And of course Mycroft had apparently given him the bee. He was met with silence, and after a minute it slowly dawned on him. "Is that how he upset your mother?" John well knew that Mycroft on the warpath was not someone to be ignored. Considering the fact both brothers didn't talk about their family, he assumed it had ended badly.
"Because I thought he'd have asked me about it by then and he hadn't.  I told him I didn't want to get in trouble."
"Maybe," he replied.
"Do you like it?"
"Did you like him at all?"
"Let's go," he said to John, ignoring Donovan.  Without waiting to see if John was following, he strode down the hall.  John hurried to follow him.
"Does anyone else live with you?"
"Hello," she replied.
The trial begins.
"Who is up at this hour?" John muttered as he threw on a dressing gown and headed for the door.  He thought it could be a homeless person, a crazy one, or a client, but when he opened the door it was none of those.  It was Phillip Rodgers.
A few minutes later, Susan walked in the door.  When she saw John, she stopped and said: "Just so you know, we're coming to your flat tomorrow to talk to Victim Three."
"Sherlock, it's John.  You're in your room at Baker Street and you're having a nightmare," he said again, although he was beginning to doubt this was just a nightmare.  It was beginning to trigger unpleasant feelings of recognition.
"You have no living family?"
He shook his head.  “No.  Jomeo.  Because of the phonetic alphabet.”
John heard several people get up and leave.  If he hadn't been so determined to sit through the whole trial, he'd have done so himself.  Something about the childish rhyme attached to sexual activity seemed an especially perverse act.
"They might. The police and the courts would have to see that person could give you a good home." He sounded almost reassuring. "You seem to be very worried about that."
“Good.”  He couldn’t make himself say anything else.  Before Mycroft could say anything more, he felt his mobile vibrating furiously in his pocket.  “I think I am being summoned by Sherlock.”
"Were you ever going to tell me this?"
“We need to speak with Mrs. Forrester.”
"Me dad got a job here.  He said it was better than the one he had in Donegal."
"Why do you need me, then? And why are you investigating this in the first place?" Child abuse was one of those things John never wanted to see, but he also knew it was disturbingly common. Why were the Yarders involved?
Skirting Watson for a more advantageous position, Holmes—clearly used to the uncluttered boxing ring—trips over the chair where they've draped their shirts. He doesn't fall, but the stumble gives Watson his chance. He darts in, throws a wild punch, and is stunned to feel it connect with Holmes' face. When the detective looks up in surprise, his bottom lip is cut and bleeding, the first bright splash crossing his chin as he returns the blow with one that knocks Watson solidly in the stomach and leaves him gasping.
___________
I bask in the rare sun of his smile, then twist my lips wryly. "Bleed to death."
"How long?"
"Of course!"
His lips brush my cheek, ash dry, and by the time he pulls away he's smiling again, eyes dancing as he directs the expression toward my new wife. It takes me a moment to fumble the small square of leather into my own pocket and retake her hand.
I fall in love with him in the humid midsummer crowd at the Punchbowl, sweat-dampened wool and spilt beer creating a miasma as the last fight of the night is announced and I crack a smile at the name.
It is the first kind thing he has ever said to her. He turns to me and smiles, the expression plucking up lines around his eyes. One hand dips into my jacket, just a little too loose on his wiry frame, and he produces my chequebook like a magician doing a favorite trick, pressing it into my palm as he embraces me with his free arm. "You have someone very capable of looking after you now, old boy."
"I'll tell them downstairs that we fell out over a woman."
I don't see him at the ceremony, but he surfaces at the reception clean shaven and dapper in a coat that belongs to me. I wait for venom but he kisses my new wife's hand, the manners of his little-referenced upbringing making a surprise appearance. The diamond he gave us sparkles, nearly overwhelming her thin finger, and I catch the contrast of their hands, hers pristine white and his still dappled with stains.
"You're still bleeding,” he says, reaching out to touch Holmes’ swelling lip.
There is a downbeat of recovery before Holmes gets in another punch to the top of Watson's arm, aimed expertly at a place above the elbow where nerves are near the surface so his hand is left tingling and slack. He tries to shake the feeling back into it, fist clenching loosely, but Holmes is on the attack now. Watson catches the predatory look in his friend's eyes. Unable to do anything effective with his half-numb right arm, he makes a desperate lunge with the left as Holmes forces him backward across the small room. His knuckles catch the sharp angle of Holmes' clavicle, where a bruise begins to bloom.
Watson forces the smug expression off the detective's face with a sharp kiss, more tongue and teeth than lips, the warm copper of blood seeping into his mouth. In return, Holmes shoves his fingers through Watson's neat hair, the other hand tightening on his arm to draw them closer together. Watson's nerves are already humming, and he knows he won’t last long once Holmes drops the hand from his hair to fumble open his trousers, his narrow, elegant fingers wrapping around Watson's cock, the pad of his thumb grazing over the head in a delicate arc that makes Watson's breath hitch painfully, still uneven from that earlier jab to the diaphragm. As the strokes quicken, he drops his head against Holmes' warm shoulder, turning to mouth at the crimson bruise spreading along his collarbone. Holmes sighs and tightens his fingers, hips pressing forward in an attempt to find some kind of friction against the thigh that Watson angles between his legs.
"Why does he go back to Moran at all if he treats him like shite?" John asked angrily.
The ringing of his mobile finally yanks him out of his fantasy. Startled he reaches for it and studies the display. Sherlock. (What the ...?!) Agitated he swipes his thumb over the surface to answer the call.
Several seconds passed in which neither man said anything. Mike was the one who finally spoke again.
John grunted an affirmative. He also felt deeply sorry for the omega, for a variety of reasons. "I was shocked that his alpha more or less bought him. I thought human trafficking was illegal," he growled.
Was it still so far-fetched that John might truly want him? After everything he'd said and done?
– trust Moriarty and that he might be bluffing. That whatever was in the syringe might kill John. A risk that Sherlock didn't want to take.
Sherlock huffed with a combination of contempt and thinly veiled arousal, and tried to turn away. As he did so, he realised that the knot had already shrunk, and John's cock slipped out of him easily – along with a melange of omega lubrication and alpha semen, which promptly soaked into the sheets. Nauseated at the sense of loss, he pushed John away without looking at him and rolled out of bed to flee into the en suite bathroom.
"The shoes!" Sherlock cried in exasperation as he practically wore a hole in the carpet of the tiny office with his incessant pacing.
"The drugs."
Sherlock does as he's told and opens his eyes, turning his head towards John. He nods curtly as if to make John understand that everything is alright. His lips are trembling.
My deepest gratitude for the translation goes to the lovely
"Very!" John agreed with a grin and laid one hand on the small of Sherlock's back to steer him in the direction of the restaurant. "Are you hungry?"
John's eyes snapped to Victor in surprise; he sat unwavering in the face of Mrs Holmes' glare, his jaw clenched. John knew that Victor had had something to do with Sherlock's history with narcotics, but apparently there were still some things in the past that he had no idea about.
Sherlock grunted his agreement and combed his fingers through John's short hair.
Sherlock fell silent when Archie let out a cry of protest and waved one of his little arms in Sherlock's direction.
It would be unthinkable for Sherlock to throw himself at John just now – or at any other time, for that matter. Never again, and not just because his body wanted him to. Jealousy and territorial behaviour were two things that Sherlock didn't appreciate in others, and he wasn't about to make an exception for himself. And so before John got the wrong idea entirely regarding his intentions, Sherlock turned on his heel and went into the kitchen – although not without directing a few choice words at the alpha as he passed.
Sherlock shrugged with one shoulder. "Of course. I never wished for you to come to any harm… much less for you to die. Mycroft said I was crazy from the start, since bonding with a soldier on active duty can also be life-threatening for their omega."
"What was he saying to you?"
"What is there to know?" Sherlock asked archly, furrowing his brow. He plucked nervously at the label on the bottle and avoided eye contact with Victor, who was still watching him from the side. He didn't know what the purpose of this conversation was; whether Victor was just making fun of him or whether it was really true that Walters would turn him down because of his lack of experience. Sherlock hated not knowing something. Hated being given patronising smiles and talked down to.
Harry tilted her head to one side, ignoring the hand Sherlock held out in greeting.
"At least... at least
"We need to talk," he said without turning around.
He pushed past John out of the house, hurried down the short set of steps onto the pavement, and turned right to head directly for the main road, knowing it would be easier to find a taxi there. John caught up to him just moments later, not making any mention of either Sherlock's sudden silence nor the brisk pace he was setting.
Victor numbly leaned against the kitchen cupboard and stared into the coffee cup he'd intended to fill.
The air was pregnant with the sweet, cloying scent of omega; John could see the slick on Sherlock's hands and thighs. His back was shiny with perspiration, and his hair, usually arranged in artful curls, lay damp against his skin.
FYI: MLH stands for Martha Louise Hudson. http://bakerstreet.wikia.com/wiki/Martha_Louise_Hudson
Sherlock barely flinched when the beta took hold of his free hand and guided it to his crotch. Underneath the thick jeans material, Sherlock could feel the firm contour of a burgeoning erection. Wiggins' grin broadened.
"Why today?" Ella asked at some point.
"I know that, Sherlock. I would never have burdened you with a lifelong commitment like that, especially after you fought so hard for your independence. At any rate, this discussion is irrelevant as both Anthea and myself are doing fine and there is no need for an adoption. The reason for my presence here lies in an entirely different direction." Mycroft pointed at the folder with his umbrella.
The two paramedics were betas, Sherlock was relieved to see. He led them up to the bedroom and watched fretfully as they helped Anthea to her feet and led her down the stairs. Sherlock carried her bag down and watched with mixed feelings as Anthea disappeared into the ambulance.
"John, that's—"
"What were you talking to him about?" John asked once he and Victor had got into a taxi to drive to the train station.
Satisfied with myself and the world at large, I strolled down the road, whistling a tune as I thought about where and when we would meet next.
John withstood the temptation to roll his eyes and settled for a dismissive shake of his head.
John scratched the back of his head, feeling a vague sense of embarrassment. He truly wasn't used to talking about his feelings and it took a huge amount of effort on his part. Not quite sure what else to do next, he picked up the book and opened it to a random page.
A huge black hole was opening up inside John, seeming to swallow up everything that was being left unspoken, that hovered in the air between them.
The boy – Carl J. Powers, beta – had suffered a severe cramp during a swimming competition and drowned. But Sherlock Holmes, the hyperactive omega whom Lestrade couldn't seem to get rid of ever since the incident had occurred, had a different opinion.
"Sherlock… please, let's—"
John reluctantly diverted his gaze from the pink mouth and agile tongue dancing around his plump cockhead, and directed it further down, to where Sherlock had opened his trousers and was now holding his stiff omega penis in one hand, slowly caressing it from top to bottom.
Sherlock sighed in exasperation as he scanned the print-outs. Since the university's laboratories were relatively small and in high demand, students had to get together in groups to do their weekly projects. Afterwards, each person had to turn in a report summarising and interpreting the results.
Victor led him on a single-minded path through Soho's labyrinth of lanes and alleyways, past drunk patrons on a pilgrimage from one nightclub to the next, chattering at the top of their lungs, singing and carousing. Down an unobtrusive side street, a man dressed entirely in black stood in front of an equally black door. The corner of his mouth twitched when Victor raised his hand in greeting, and all of a sudden John understood.
John squeezed Sherlock's fingers as he forced his knot into his omega and his orgasm washed over him like a tsunami. He hadn't realised how close he was to coming, and the intensity caught him completely off guard. He heard Sherlock groan loudly beneath him, his back arching, and felt hot semen hitting his stomach and chest as Sherlock climaxed too.
The glare from Lestrade's brown eyes made Sherlock's blood run cold.
He saw very little of the other soldiers. The two who checked in on him briefly only expressed their regret that John hadn't got his money's worth during that 'epic' evening, and promised that they'd visit the brothel again soon. John waved them off tiredly, but he was secretly relieved that the other alphas had all been too compromised to notice John fleeing the establishment with disgust. He had a gut feeling that his unit wouldn't take it well if he expressed all too much negativity over that evening.
"Sir," the front man curtly greeted Sherlock. His gun was aimed directly at Mary. "Alison Ashworth, you are under arrest as an accomplice to the escape of James Moriarty."
Sherlock exhaled sharply in shock when he saw the knot. Ignoring John's restrained moans, Sherlock scooted a little further down on the mattress to get a better look. The spongy tissue at the base of the alpha cock was swollen and flushed red. Sherlock followed the path of a thick vein that ran up the shaft and seemed to disappear under the skin of the knot.
When Sherlock stubbornly remained silent, John slid down off the edge of the bathtub and knelt on the floor mat beside it. He grasped Sherlock's chin between his fingers and turned his head so that the omega had to look at him.
Sherlock gaped in shock at the door as it closed behind her.
"It's not much different than what your alpha's suggesting, William. When we're about to go into heat and he's not interested, or is too worn out from another omega's heat, he offers us to his friends, colleagues, or business partners. Sometimes in exchange for money, sometimes for other favours. They're often bonded alphas who miss the thrill of the chase, or who have grown weary of their own omega."
The word echoed in John's mind. He wished for nothing more than to hear Sherlock's voice. Even if it were just his whinging, his complaints over the fact that there was no case for him to solve, that the world – and Mycroft in particular – had it out for him. Or his endless monologues about ash. Deducing chat-show guests.
"You don't believe that piffle, do you?"
"Hm?"
Once again, Victor was leaning against the chestnut tree in front of the natural sciences building, waiting for Tom. At least that's how it looked to anyone who didn't know any better regarding their relationship. Even Victor tried to tell himself that's what he was doing, despite the fact that a part of him was well aware that he had other reasons.
pleased to finally meet you. You have my undying gratitude."
"Bloody hell! I didn’t hear you coming. Do you have to startle me like that?!"
Sherlock had never said much about his parents. John had had to form his own picture of them based on the scanty information he'd pieced together from other conversations. Two emotionally distant, vulture-like figures ensconced in unduly expensive fabrics, looking down their noses at anyone who crossed their path. If Sherlock and Mycroft already gave people the feeling of being picked apart, how much worse must it feel to be examined by people like their parents? In John's estimation, he probably wouldn't last five minutes in a room with the two of them before his instinct to flee kicked in.
"… a consummate alpha by any definition."
They were already on the way back to John's parents, where they were planning to have dinner and pick up their bags, when Sherlock noticed Harry's car parked in the vicinity of the neighbourhood pub. Clearly the siren song of her preferred poison was louder than he'd initially thought. Sherlock had already deduced some time ago that was the reason she'd lost her job and drunk herself into financial ruin. But it was another story altogether to have the confirmation that she was drinking every afternoon until she dragged herself home with the last of her strength and fell into a comatose slumber.
consultant from Scotland Yard, Jean-Baptiste stepped aside to let John and Sherlock enter. After a brief hesitation, he led them into a spacious living room, where they took seats around a glass dining table. Everything was neat as a pin. Every cushion on the sofa was precisely placed and fluffed. There wasn't a speck of dust to be found, and the table had been polished to a streak-free shine. Yet even here, the near total lack of omega scent in the flat was conspicuous.
"You left the group?"
"Is that the only place you went?"
"I think I'll wait in the courtroom," John replied.
"What?" Sherlock asked.  As seemed to be the case more and more, John was surprised at how calm and matter of fact he was able to remain.  Whether that was from his own experience or he had somehow deduced already what had happened John didn't know.
He decided that a walk would do him some good and get rid of some of the pent-up anger, so he headed outside and roamed the streets for an hour or so.  It didn't help.  He still came back home feeling like he wanted to punch someone.  A particular someone, of course.  The urge was strong enough that John had to remind himself that he was supposed to be the well-behaved one and not the one that shot up the walls.  Anyway, it might wake up Sherlock.  While he didn't go upstairs again to check on him, he assumed that since Sherlock didn't come back downstairs he was either asleep or otherwise occupied.  He didn't think he could do anything about the horrible anger inside him, and as a result he spent several hours that night staring at the bedroom ceiling, trying to blot out the past twenty-four hours.
"When your family first came here, where did you live?"
“Wasn’t that terrific!”  The man sighed with happiness.  “Do you want to hear another one?  Because I have all six!”
"Fitton."
"So she saw her parents twice a week?"
"Not always," Eli said.  "Our second elder statesman, Brian, came here for a friend of his.  But he moved out of the area."
"No."
"Phillip met Her at work, remember?  She has always used Her work to pick out Her choice of little ones.  Since She has money of her own, She can move any time She thinks that She may be close to detection.  The actual threat of detection is low of course, thanks to Her gender."  Sherlock sounded more like himself now, with the exception of a tremor in his voice every time he referred to K.  "But She is careful and moves periodically anyway."
"Did someone say that they would adopt you if he died?" There was a very long period of silence. John assumed she nodded, because Sherlock then said, "They did?" More silence. "Are you afraid of this person?"
"And this was the only victim you could give any information about?"
"Same with me, although I might pop the question soon," Tammy finished.
"They asked about Mummy and Daddy.  What it was like when I was home with them."  Jennifer shifted her doll from under one arm to sitting in her lap.
When another victim showed up at the Yard a few days later, Sherlock talked to him as well. Sherlock even reassured him that he'd been through the same thing. Although Sherlock knew that John knew, he still maintained his silence. John wisely didn't ask. They spoke to more victims, their families, and other people they had been in contact with. It was a horrifying litany of damaged children, damaged, families, damaged adults. But no sign of the perpetrator until the victim that Sherlock had bonded with, Phillip Rodgers, had shown up at their door early in the morning with a note. The note led them to Yorkshire, and it was there they finally came face to face with K.
Moira reached one arm back to bring Brownie into her arms before talking.  "When I said no one came to see me in the hospital but me dad and Kieran and Dierdre?  That wasn't true."
"I know that.  I'm not deaf, I heard the two of you talking before."
. Her father is named after my own, and is loosely based on my own father. His back story of being in foster care because of his alcoholic mother is also taken from real life. My maternal grandfather with the same name grew up under identical circumstances. Nora Aherne is not based on my mother at all, because it seemed a bit auspicious to name a dead mother figure after my own alive one. Her back story was created to make sure the family didn't have any relatives to be ruled out as the abuser. Her siblings aren't named after anyone; I just picked them at random. Like Mary Boyle, Moira is a twin. I didn't know when I started the story what type of twin Mary is (I learned later on she is an identical twin), so I flipped some coins and got her brother. Their relationship is based on my own relationship with my twin, and many other relationships between twins I have known. Unlike most of the families and parents in this story, the Ahernes are functional, warm, loving, and happy. When Sherlock says later in the story that this was K's big mistake, he's correct.
"The older ones, yes.  Not so much the thirteen-year-olds."
Maybe it was a prank.
"Yeah, She asked me if I'd said anything to anyone and I said no.  Then She asked me if I knew what happened to squealers and I said I did.  After that She left.  Me dad rang the room I was in to ask what book I wanted and I said I wanted the Stephen Hawking one he wrote with his daughter.  I thought about what K had said and I told him to bring the picture on the mantle we got taken before we moved to London.  That way I could look at them any time someone asked me what happened so I'd remember to keep my mouth shut."  She paused.  "And Dr. Watson came to talk to me later that day.  Then you showed up," she said, pointing to Sherlock.
"Martin."
"Neglect is the most common reason.  Overtly at least, since it's the easiest to prove."
"When you would be an adult."  She smiled.
"What is your occupation?"
"I'd said things about Her to him a few times.  I once said I loved Her and we were going to get married."
“Since both Moira and Phillip come from single-parent households?”
After a moment of silence, everyone turned to Rodney.  "Bad week," he said.  "She didn't go to work once."
John barely remembered the next minute or two; the solicitors talked to the judge but he wasn't able to remember anything they said.  They're pinning it all on Sherlock, he thought to himself with dread.  It was almost another way to victimize him, even after so long.  Would the jury be able to see through it?  Or would Dr. Martin earn that smug grin?
“And he left the area too?”
"At first She just kissed me on the lips, and She would tell me how to kiss Her back.  Then..."  He paused for so long that John thought Lou would prompt him, but eventually he began speaking again on his own.  "Once She said I'd gotten good at that She started to teach me how to kiss with Her tongue in my mouth.  She said She could tell how much I liked it."
Phillip was silent for so long after that Lou had to prod him with, "What happened then?"
"You sound like you're speaking from experience."  If he was trying to make a point about the case John couldn't make the connection.
"I told them I said something that made Daddy upset."  For the first time, she looked away.
"You're very pale for someone who just was in Greece," John said to Peter as he sat down. John knew that had been the last destination in the trip. He didn't show any signs of having been in the sun, besides a few light streaks in his long hair and beard.
"And when I said I should just take his hat, he said 'That would probably be best for everyone involved,' and handed it over to me."
"You know someone in it?"
I usually choose not to warn, but in this case I'm warning for disturbing content; unhealthy coping mechanisms, I suppose?
Once he was sworn in, Lou asked him:  "When did you move to London?"
"My whole life."
"You do?" he said disbelievingly.
“Well, there are puzzles.  Even if you don’t like them you can watch me do them!”
"No."
A funny thing to say, he thought. If you had told him a year ago that he'd be going to a therapy group and look forward to its meetings every week, he'd have laughed himself into a hernia. But a year ago he had lived in a pre-K world. No, since it was the beginning of December he had only lived in a post-K world for ten months.
"A pulmonary embolism from her pregnancy.  She hadn't had any symptoms until she collapsed at work and then it was too late."  He sounded sad even remembering it.
"Did he tell you anything about the perpetrator?"  Sherlock spoke up.
The small bathroom had an equally small mirror perched over the sink.  His head - or at least the head of someone - barely came up to the bottom.  His hair was now a bright flaming red and would be very curly if it wasn't cut short; he now had green/hazel eyes.  And at least an entire face full of freckles.  He looked down and saw he now wore pajamas with airplane patterns on them.  A quick check of the rest of the bathroom revealed nothing helpful, so Sherlock stepped back into the hotel room.
"Was she in your care when she was placed in foster care?"
"No. There's a flat I've been to but I don't think anyone lives there. Not a lot of furniture and it's too clean."
"I'll try to."
"Your daughter said before she told you she had a hard time making friends.  Can you tell us about that?"
"What happened on that last day?" John pressed.
“I assume you wanted privacy?” John said in an attempt to ask what he had been doing on the phone.
"But he doesn't know him," John responded with confusion.  "What if he's mad at him for not seeing him in all that time?"
"Did you mention to her your past history?"
"Yes. There's no other explanation for the injuries. The only good thing is that if whoever it is doesn't live in the area, she could possibly go home with her father. We don't want to send her home to the same thing." Unable to help himself, John let out a sigh of frustration.
The man - Arthur - looked undaunted.  "He can have some of the bread.  Didn't that passenger we took to Dublin last year say that people all over the world have bread with their breakfasts?  Except she said they ate pickled vegetables in Japan.  I'm not sure I'd want to eat anything pickled then.  It's too sour, and breakfast should be happy and sweet."
"Can you remember the first time you went there?"
"When did She foster them?"
Thank you for all the comments and reviews. There will be a sequel to this at some point, I'll be posting more polished versions of previous chapters and I might do a DVD style commentary for this, but right now I just have to let myself realize I've finished this.
"Will do," John said.  Dominic fled for the door, but Martin picked up Angus, his car seat, and a tote bag before going.  John followed him, and all three of them sat down on a bench outside the main court room.
"It's easy to phrase a question in a way that suggests one type of answer.  I try not to do that."
"He was a government contractor.  Did inspections and visits with other government contractors.  Eventually he got more home-based work."
"Did you do the same things?"
"Nine years?" John said in surprise.
A confession and a midnight visitor.
"Purple."
"Did he ever allude to what might be on it?"  Sherlock looked intently at her as he spoke.  He took the flash drive from her hand.
"Yes."
“I think you’ve told us enough for today.”  Sherlock both looked and sounded carefully neutral.  Lestrade had spent most of the time when Graham relayed his terrible story with an expression of shock on his face.  John himself had to bite back tears and still had a lump in his throat.  It occurred to him that Sherlock’s neutral expression was his own way of biting back all emotion.
"Good." He looked back at the cut up vegetables and meat. "You are dismissed. I don't want to see you until dinner, which will be in one hour." Douglas' glare was sharp enough to drive him from the room. He nodded and left.
"Can me dad stay with me?" she said cautiously.  By this time her brother and sister were also in the room, and they sat at one of the deserted tables, took out what appeared to be a book of puzzles, and started doing one together.
"When do you think he'll testify?"
"We'll be there in an hour," John promised, and hung up.  Sherlock looked up from the folder to him.  "That was Dr. Arthur.  He's at Bart's right now and said if we get there soon he can speak to us."
"That soon?"
“Why?”
"Fairly well.  Like I said, I give them my number when they move in, and when I started to manage it I put a packet of information in with their mail slots."
"What was Jennifer like when she first came into your home?"
After a quick shower and getting dressed, John headed down the stairs.  The music stopped as he reached the bottom of the steps, but before he could step into the sitting room he saw Sherlock sitting in a chair and give a slight shake of his head.  "What I meant of course was that not all lessons can be learned in a classroom.  I was not saying learning was not valuable."
Once the three of them left the interview room, Mr. Aherne shook both their hands. "I need to make sure I'm home before the children get out of school. Thank you, for letting me hear this, and for letting such a good man talk to my daughter." He turned and left after this, which gave John and Lestrade time to chuckle to themselves. They walked back to Lestrade's office, where the door was still shut.
"Where's the witness list?" Sherlock asked as he scanned one of the documents.
"Where?"
"Why are you so invested in this, anyway? You don't know the family and it's not even very exciting by your usual standards." Maybe by changing the subject he could get Sherlock off the idea of barging in there himself. It was unlikely to work, but he had to try.
Sherlock sighed dramatically. “It’s in code.”
“I was getting ready to go to bed.  I usually read something before I fall asleep, but before I got undressed I remembered that I had left the book I was reading in the kitchen.  I walked down the hall and I noticed Rory – our dog – was following me.  He sleeps in Moira’s room, so I wondered what he was doing out here.  I made my way to the kitchen and just as I grabbed the book Rory started barking and scraping at Moira’s bedroom door.  I ran back down the hall, opened the door, and switched on the light.  The window was open and Moira was huddled on one part of the bed.  I asked her if anyone had been in here, and she nodded.  I stuck my head out the window but couldn’t see if anyone was around there, since the streetlights in this area keep going out.  I dialed 999 and I’ve been in here ever since.”  Only the slight waver in his voice indicated his distress.
"Hello to you," Mrs. Murray replied.
"Doesn't sound familiar," Sherlock said with visible relief.
"That's what you meant, when you said that people always assume," John said as he sat down again.  "At the time I knew nothing about K, didn't even have an initial, and I still must have called her a he."  He couldn't make himself call her "Dr. Martin," didn't want to give her the respect of the title, and calling her by first name was little better, so he stuck with the initial.
"Even if it hadn't been the same person, you still would have been able to figure that out," John continued.
One commenter correctly guessed that the book Mr. Aherne is reading to his kids is
"Can you help me?"
Sherlock put a tiny amount into his mouth.  He ate the ice cream not like he was savoring it but rather like he found it as distasteful as a bowl of brussel sprouts.  As he ate he rubbed Hamish with his free hand.
"Quite likely," he replied without looking up.
"No.  I have a knitting business that people order from online or in person, but that's all at home.  Frank's the manager of a small market near our home."
While it seemed to be an off-the wall thing to say, John suspected it was the truth.  Sherlock seemed to have dealt with the situation by putting it out of his mind; not precisely disassociation but more of an "out of sight, out of mind" scenario.  If he didn't have to think about it, he didn't have to deal with the feelings that came with it.  Of course, since the whole thing wasn't something you could neatly put away, it reached into all aspects of his life until he convinced himself he really didn't feel anything (which conveniently made her right about him).  As a result, Sherlock was nothing but his intelligence - the very thing that made so many people avoid him.  That also prevented him from having to make any new relationships where he might have to let his shields down.  Now John had to try to chip through them.
"You said before that you told your children that they won't get in trouble if they don't lie to you.  Does that mean you don't discipline them?"  She made it sound like he let his children run amok.
John couldn't make himself look. "What did they say?"
"Yeah.  Ever since me dad taught him not to pull on lead I've got to walk him."
was K.
Surprised that Sherlock had willingly gone back to the original subject, John responded with, "You already are."
"How long have you had him?"
Harvey briefly made a face.  "Do you think that you and your daughter have a close relationship?"
"Last year.  February."  Her entire body had gone rigid.
"Had She taken pictures before?"  John found it eerie that both of them were putting capital letters into the same words.  But of course they both understood the need for them.
So Arthur was the one who wanted to know where his hat was, whatever that meant. "I wasn't thinking of it." He was overly friendly, but he wasn't even as big an idiot as Anderson.
"Did you take him up on that offer?" Harvey made it sound almost sinister.
"They had them. They talked but I didn't listen. I went away. I don't remember."
"If you were in the same universe, you could at least go home?"
Originally this bit included Moira's name, but I deleted it because most doctors want to keep patient information confidential.  John is still very shaken by this; he needs to talk to someone about it.  He doesn't know it will open up a can of worms.
John shuddered as he recalled both Phillip's fear he would be arrested and how even he had thought that if K had claimed to have been the victim he would have believed her.  "You've got those pictures, though."
:"Oh, yes, one more thing. When he came in with his arm broken he indicated he'd been sexually active. Said so right on the form. Wouldn't say who he'd been active with, of course." He stared down at his tea. "That is what prompted the doctor to call the authorities. He did say he wasn't lying but claimed he didn't know who he'd been sexually active with, which everyone found very hard to believe."
“Alcohol.  He had become a serious alcoholic.  In fact, about a year before his family left the area, he was arrested for driving intoxicated.  He got treatment at that point, but his wife didn’t want him to be around his drinking partners in the area and finally convinced him to move.”  He took only a second before he began again.  “Of all my suspects I thought that Mr. E was the most likely to be the culprit, and kept my eyes on him the most.”
"Never thought I'd live to see the day you said that," John said, chuckling. "Put some warm socks on, the flat's quite chilly. I'll turn the heat up – or would you rather a fire in the hearth?"
He lowered the menu, aghast, and looked up. Before him, in the centre of the room, the dancer was just unwrapping her silk skirt. He hadn't noticed when she started undressing. Accompanied by loud whistles and applause, she finally divested herself of her last article of clothing, a pair of skin-tight knickers. She was now entirely naked except for a necklace, which John had thought was a piece of jewellery. Now, upon closer inspection, he saw that a tiny lock dangled around the girl's neck; the piece was thicker around the back, almost completely covered by her long hair, and bore a similarity to the indestructible chainmail shirt of a knight's armour. A bite protector.
"Oy! Get a room, you two, before you completely traumatise my son!" Bill said sternly, although the smugness in her voice belied the sincerity of her words.
"All right," Sherlock said.
"Where have you been?" John asked as casually as possible.
"It's better like this. For everyone," Mycroft said. "Both are still well taken care of, naturally, at least until Anthea takes the decision to bond with another alpha. Should it come to that, Archibald's portion will be paid into a separate account that he will gain access to when he comes of age. Until then, I shall support him as well as I can."
Mycroft waited before responding to the – obviously rhetorical – question. The likelihood that Sherlock was still suffering from the aftereffects of the coma and all of the medications indicated strongly that an explanation would be welcome at this juncture. He sighed in a theatrical manner and sat back down on the chair, crossed his legs, and folded his hands in his lap.
John wondered whether Eric's transfer was taking more of an emotional toll on him than he'd thought. What other explanation could there be for the fact that his orgasm had felt strangely shallow and incomplete? Shouldn't a climax brought about by someone else's hand rather than his own be more exciting? Was this whole situation and the unfamiliar surroundings having more of an effect on him than it seemed?
The letters blurred before John's eyes. He growled and closed them, pinched the bridge of his nose, and swallowed against his parched throat. A horrible pain appeared behind his temples, seeming to increase with every throb.
John's hands were everywhere, stroking and pinching his sensitive skin, pushing and pulling at Sherlock; fingers dipped into his armpits, his navel, behind his scrotum; teeth scraped his nipples, his iliac crest and the crease of his hip. Arms wrapped around Sherlock's legs, pulling him forward until John's red-hot mouth engulfed him completely.
Jean-Baptiste sighed softly and nodded. "Eh bien, I was at the yoga studio."
Sherlock didn't have an answer right away. But the more he thought about it, the more he believed John was right. Things couldn't continue like this.
(See the end of the chapter for
At the hospital, John was informed that his sister had come to in the meantime and been transferred out of intensive care. He found Harry, pale and diminutive, in a four-bed room on the general ward, staring grumpily into the middle distance.
A gust of hot air hit his hot, damp skin, then another … and another. Sherlock felt as if he was going to fly apart from the balled-up tension of arousal in his body, if it didn't happen NOW– He didn't know what exactly, but he knew it had to happen. Maybe he should have felt more subjugated, more vulnerable, flayed open and virtually under the microscope of John's focus on his most intimate parts. But his brain could barely piece together enough words to be offended much less degraded by the situation.
"I want us to talk instead of arguing; I want to be able to come home and feel at ease; I want us both to be happy..."
"Fuck..." John gulped, running his thumb and middle finger across his smarting eyes.
"Simple, John. You're working here as a junior physician. That much is clear from the ID card clipped to your jeans. It's a profession that can be carried out by an unbonded alpha as long as it's not in an omega clinic. But it's not what you want. As I said, your entire appearance signals military, yet you're not there. I therefore deduce that your upbringing is the cause, and that your family has served Queen and country for at least three generations. You don't just want to join the army; it's been expected of you since you were a child. But that's not possible for an unbonded alpha."
"Thank you anyway for offering. I really appreciate it."
John could only guess what the two of them had to discuss for so long. It didn't look like they were arguing, even though Nick gestured frantically now and then; Victor, on the other hand, remained quite calm the entire time. He didn't even glance once at John to make sure he was still there.
"Harry..."
"But I just ate last night. How can I be hungry again already?"
Sherlock sat there, as if struck by lightning.
Sherlock smelled good, no doubt. Mainly of shampoo, hair products, and shower gel. Fainter was the fragrance of fabric softener on his fine-knit pullover, underlaid by the aroma of coffee, a trace of peppermint toothpaste, petrichor in his hair, and... John moved in even closer, nearly touching the delicate skin beneath the man's ear with his nose. There. An echo of something delectable. Something that made John's mouth water and his heart rate kick up a notch.
It was all so confusing and
The fact that Sherlock gnawed uncertainly on his bottom lip must have meant that he didn't quite believe the statement. "You're lying," Sherlock declared firmly after a while. His bullheadedness was written all over his face.
He huffed with annoyance. No, there would be no more heats. He wasn't about to give John a chance to get used to anything like that. He was going to make John's life a living hell so that he would leave the flat of his own accord. Once there was enough distance between them, Sherlock's body would settle down again. He felt certain of it.
Bill gave the idea serious consideration. John could virtually see the wheels turning in her head. Finally, she took a deep breath, only to let it out again loudly. Then she gave him an encouraging nod.
After most of the mess had been dealt with, Victor retired to his old room. There was hardly anything left of his. Boxes standing in one corner were filled with all of the things he hadn't wanted to take with him to the dorm. He'd taken the posters, pictures, and photographs down from the walls and packed them securely along with most of his books and all the bric-a-brac that tended to accumulate in the course of a lifetime. The bed had been freshly made and towels were laid out for him. It felt more like a messy hotel room than his old home.
The happy gleam in her eyes was promising, and a little social networking never hurt anyone. But they hadn't taken more than a couple of steps before Victor regretted his generosity. The young woman had apparently decided to take advantage of his attention to pour her heart out to him over the pluses and minuses of her college. Things that Victor was no stranger to. The campus was fairly old, and so were the residence halls; the heating rarely worked, and things were constantly breaking. Of course, no one felt responsible for making repairs, so you had to either take care of things yourself or simply accept the situation. Most students tended toward the latter course.
"Correct," John chuckled.
Sherlock flipped the cover back and got up. He lowered himself beside John and placed his hands gingerly on his shoulders. "We all have a past that we can't change. I fell in love with the man you are today – with all of the experience, mistakes, and scars you've collected over the years."
With his mind still on Hector Martin, John indicated Sherlock's microscope with his fork.
Victor leaned forward and reached for the blister pack, snatched it neatly away from John, and went back to the kitchen. John swallowed hard. Victor seemed to be angry. He returned a few minutes later with two cups, which he set on the table before going back to the kitchen to retrieve another cup along with the open bottle of water. He sat down next to John on the couch and snorted.
"Want to go to the bridge?" he asked, trying to catch John's eye. John nodded reluctantly.
"Worth it," Sherlock replied impishly, and followed John to the bathroom.
"Science can record and explain a lot, but there are certain things you need to experience for yourself. I imagine that any attempt to record and analyse everything would quickly overwhelm an active mind such as yours with all the new input." Victor's tone of voice sounded normal once again. He took the water bottle from Sherlock's hand and drank from it, then looked over at the window, which glowed blackly against the warm light inside the room. It was pitch dark outside.
John still felt a deep-seated fear that the madman would turn up again, force his way into their lives, and try to destroy them. How much time needed to pass before he'd overcome that fear? It was impossible to say. Maybe he would never feel safe as long as he knew that Moriarty was walking free.
Their eyes met. And held. Held fast to each other in mutual turmoil as time seemed to move slower and slower. Everything around them becoming background static.
"Hey..." John said huskily, stroking his cheek.
Sherlock's orgasm had set off a chain reaction. The muscles contracting around Victor's cock and the relentless stimulation of his prostate swept him off his mental feet, sending small shockwaves down his spine with tendrils zinging all the way out to his fingertips. Simultaneously, he felt Ryan pulsing inside him as he pushed in hard and came.
Victor and Mr Holmes were standing outside – Victor facing the house, Mr Holmes with his back to it. When John came out, Victor shook Mr Holmes's hand and quietly said good-bye.
. Sherlock inhaled sharply when John replaced the lost sponge with his thumb and circled his sphincter with it.
Two heads turned toward them as John entered the lab alongside Mike. The young, unimposing woman with the light brown ponytail lowered her eyes shyly when John looked at her, but the other person, a very attractive young man with striking cheekbones and a piercing gaze, mustered the two new arrivals with open curiosity.
But this here was for Sherlock, and he'd deal with everything else in order to give Sherlock what he wanted. Victor shifted his weight and leaned toward Ryan, pulling him into a kiss by his dark blue tie. An enraptured sigh sounded and soft lips parted, returning the gesture more than willingly.
"He found out about Tiger's death two days later in the papers..." Victor met John's eyes and gave him a piercing look, as if to assure him once more that he hadn't betrayed John's confidence, nor would he do so in future.
A magnificent sight. Just like one of those storybook orphans. Fragile and in despair. Lost. He didn't belong here.
John had also taken a seat in the living room and tried to get some reading in, but had set the book aside after not too long and was now aimlessly surfing the internet to distract himself from Sherlock's nervous energy.
"John, please. I don't want to talk abou –
They reacted more as if they'd been caught doing something they shouldn't, rather than being upset at the false imprisonment of a member of their family.
"Er..."
Sherlock drew his brows together. "Not specifically. I've done some reading on manipulation techniques that are used during interrogations, but I've never applied them myself," he admitted with a growing sense of unease.
cause a sensation as soon as it came out. No, the more Sherlock thought about it, the stupider he found Mycroft's decision to take this step.
The air in the room crackled with tension. Both men looked up at him as if waiting for a signal to begin. They were going to get it. Victor slid his knee onto the couch next to Sherlock, holding himself up with one hand on the seat back, and leaned down to him. Kissed him. Not gently, not tenderly, but desperately and full of desire. Sherlock made a startled noise and grabbed hold of Victor's shirt so as not to be knocked off balance.
Sherlock's eyes darted to the heart monitor. The distance between each peak of the green line had already increased. Their time was running out. The faster he ended this insanity, the faster he would be able to free John from Moriarty's clutches and get him treated. Every second counted.
"Do you really want to bin it all?" John asked, horrified. "It'll be enough to get a new mattress and wash the rest. We'll just get an absorbent cover for next time, and – "
"Tell me what this is all about. This... Is it a joke? It's addressed to me this time! To me, Mycroft! From SH! It can't possibly belong to the other letters. Is this..." John bit down on his lower lip, whirled around, and dropped into one of the chairs standing in front of the desk, bone-weary.
"Oh! You cook? That's wonderful! Bill never cooks for me." Addressing Sherlock, she added, "It's a shame you don't enjoy cooking. It's a wonderful way to care for your loved ones. Did no one ever teach you?"
... didn't. Couldn't... need you... John...
"I told Mike I was looking for an alpha yesterday, and today he traipses into the lab with one in tow. That can't possibly be a coincidence. Or as my brother says, the universe is rarely so lazy."
"We're going to play a little game, you and I. Oh, and of course my charming assistant! She has truly been very, very helpful over the past few..." Moriarty tapped his lower lip and made a thinking sound. "… years."
"Fine, I'll get Anderson," Lestrade acquiesced and stepped back. He could sense Donovan relaxing as she exhaled loudly. It almost sounded like a sigh of relief.
