I stopped my pacing and stared at the door expectantly with bated breath. My heart began hammering in my chest at the mere thought of seeing his face, and I hated to dwell on the implications of that fact.
I had never heard the song before but it's quite spooky in how accurate it is for the boys. The music is linked, so just click on the words (Music began and Singing) and it should take you to Youtube.
they, right? Watson wasn’t in love with Holmes while he was married to Mary; he admired him, sure, but he didn’t allow himself to fall until after his return.
“True,” Watson concedes, but he smiles, “but I know those two, and they definitely do. They just need a nudge in the right direction like us, that’s all.”
“Oh yeah, brilliant,” Watson rolls his eyes, “show a child a picture of maggots in some dead person’s eye.”
“Which reminds me,” Mr. Holmes said as he reached down to another album, pulling it open and showing John a collection of newspaper cuttings and photographs put into one album. Sherlock and John were in each photo, sometimes with Greg, other times by themselves. Sherlock sometimes was wearing his silly hat but John noticed that in every photo, it seemed that John was staring up adoringly at his friend.
rabbit? What a ridiculous notion; I definitely wouldn’t have taken that case had it come across our desk.”
We solve a murder, save a life, and I can almost believe things are normal again before I have to perform that fucking piece you made me write for you. I watch as you dance with her and imagine that we looked a hell of a lot more natural at it than that.
If John wasn’t hard before (which he was, a little) he definitely was now after listening to Sherlock’s declarations and feeling his body tense with pleasure. Stroking him through his first orgasm, John cooed and calmed the younger man softly as he coaxed the last drips out to land on Sherlock’s pubic hair and then let his hand fall to Sherlock’s thigh, “You okay?”
“Honestly, does the woman not understand that he’s not interested in her?” Watson fumes, fighting the jealousy in the pit of his stomach again, “She’s tried how many times now, unsuccessfully?”
The scene ends just as Sherlock and Moriarty are about to kiss, then it cuts to a group - led by Anderson - that has apparently been thinking up these options of how Sherlock survived.
Holmes scoffs in derision, “No thank you; I rather enjoyed just staying in and doing a Bond marathon.”
More flashes of newspaper articles detailing Moriarty’s release and speculation of how it even happened. Then a flash forward to two months later. John is at the ATM, having difficulties with his card, when an unmarked black car pulls up behind him and he gets in.
“Are you quite alright?” Holmes asked in concern, and I was shaken to realize that I had not even taken notice of him moving back towards me.
Phew! What a ride! If you followed it to the end (or found it once completed and read it straight through) I thank you, and I hope you enjoyed reading it because I had a fun (long) time writing it. I'd love to hear what you thought via kudos, comment, or constructive criticism.
“Jesus, give me strength,” John whispered to himself before marching to his room, collecting his bottle of lubricant and two clean flannels for afterwards. He went to Sherlock’s room and stood awkwardly in the doorway, looking at Sherlock lying back with his black boxer-briefs slightly tented already. John averted his gaze, despite the picture being burnt into his retinas, and then walked to the side of the bed. He pulled off his jeans until he was clad in just his boxers and a shirt before sitting tentatively on the bed.
“You're only sorry because someone has called you out,” John said, looking back at Sherlock who was looking wide-eyed and stunned, as was the group of men who stood around awkwardly, “You're a coward. A coward and a bigot and you should think about your actions.”
John couldn’t help the moan at the mental picture of Sherlock, one day, using the knowledge he’s about to learn on John himself. He rushed to get some of the lube onto his left hand before moving it to his cock willingly, grasping hard as his elbow lightly brushed against Sherlock’s side for a fleeting moment.
“We don’t have to go further if you’re not comfortable,” John soothes, his finger doing another sweep of Sherlock’s cheekbones, “Plus, it’s not going to be attractive when I shrivel up because of the cold. I don’t want your first experience of seeing a living person naked to be my micropenis caused by sub-zero temperatures.”
Sherlock looks lost, hurt, and confused all at once as he watches John completely remove his jeans before crawling under his thick duvet in the neutral middle of the fort. With a content sigh at the increased warmth - though he’s still overly cold - he pokes his head out of the blanket to stare at Sherlock impishly.
Sherlock is doing a convincing job pretending to be his typically bossy self, but vomits before he can finish the sentence.
Mary takes Wiggins and Isaac home while John takes Sherlock. They arrive to find Mycroft leading Anderson and a woman in searching the flat for drugs. Sherlock curls up in his chair and John notes the absence of his own.
He did not, however, anticipate the uncontrollable urge the drinker would have to immediately go and profess said feelings to their heart’s desire.
“Oh, bugger off! He doesn’t even know what he’s doing; he’s only following orders right now,” John argues on his behalf.
“You’re going to see how much you can interrupt my sleep if you’re awake the entire time versus asleep?” He snarks, extremely displeased at the prospect.
John sighs, “Sometimes I think he might, but then I remember that he doesn’t feel things that way and tell myself I imagined whatever it was.”
“Yeah. Until I discovered that contact shuts you up. Kind of wish it would do that again, honestly. Sherlock, I’m so tired.”
When their wine has arrived, Sherlock finally strides in to the restaurant with purpose. He ignores the confused looks from the other patrons, eyes fixed solely on John and that woman.
They discover that Janine has passed out (Sherlock briefly entertains the ridiculous idea that she fainted from the sheer joy of his proposal) as well as one of the security guards. Sherlock smells Clair-de-la-Lune and knows that the attacker – must be Lady Smallwood – is still in the building. He leaves John with Janine and continues upstairs.
John and Mrs. Hudson go upstairs to the flat and John has difficulty taking it in. Mrs. Hudson opens the dusty blinds; she couldn’t face letting it out, but she also couldn’t face going in and keeping it clean. John admits that he’s got some news and Mrs. Hudson immediately thinks he’s dying. He admits that he’s met someone and he’s finally moving on, prepared to ask them to marry him. Mrs. Hudson is at first confused about it being so soon after Sherlock, but then gets very excited.
“He should be more worried about his cholesterol. The fat git,” Sherlock sneered, but there was a sweet blush against his cheeks as he spoke.
The morning of this case Holmes and I were sitting at our table, drinking tea and reading, while our feet discreetly played against each other out of view. It was a risk we dared not take most of the time, but my companion was feeling a bit sentimental that morning, and I have never been known to refuse him much of anything.
Sherlock surreptitiously checks to make sure that John is gone before pulling out his laptop and prompting Moriarty to meet him at the pool.
“But he came back,” David states, confusion evident in his face and tone, but he isn’t going to push for more than John can give.
They share another kiss, not even noticing that Moriarty reappears on the screen or the fact that the end credits are rolling.
They fell back into silence as John read the paper and Sherlock went back to his research, but the peace was broken merely about an hour later.
John leaves the room and lights a magazine on fire to set off the smoke-detector as Sherlock walks Irene through the facts of the case of the missing pictures. Irene gives away the location of the pictures with a single glance when she hears the alarm. John has difficulty getting the detector to stop shrieking until an American sneaks up on him and shoots it before leading John back in to the sitting room.
Sherlock, Mycroft, and a bodyguard are standing beside a plane as a car pulls up. Mary and John get out of the vehicle, and Mary makes it to Sherlock first. She gives him a kiss on the cheek and promises to keep John in trouble.
Sherlock knows this from the other night when he questioned John in his sleep, but to hear him say it of his own conscious freewill is everything. He can’t say the words yet himself; has never said them to another person, but he feels it so strongly within the very fiber of his being. He kisses John hard, hoping he’ll get the message all the same. John’s glowing smile and knowing eyes when they separate tell him that he understands, and for now it's enough.
John closes his eyes and shakes his head, “I can’t do this,” he mutters before turning on to his right side, his back facing the other man, and attempting to just end the day.
“Alright already, I get it! The beard is coming off later, you berk!” Watson attempts to sound peeved, but can’t quite hide his amusement.
“What? Oh stop over reacting! John is a doctor, he's seen it all before. And a soldier. I remember my national service…ahh, those boys never did stop getting naked,” Mr. Holmes sighed, “He's probably seen countless male bottoms, so I don't think John will be traumatised by this.”
Sherlock is playing the violin piece from the beginning of the “episode” that he wrote for John and Mary. He makes another impromptu speech pledging to always be there for the couple and ending on an unexpected deduction about Mary being pregnant. He cues the DJ for the music to start and goes down to talk to the pair.
Fast forward to Christmas at the Holmes residence. Mummy bickers with Mycroft about being happy that they’re all together, especially after someone tried to murder her little boy.
John runs off to finish out the West case as Sherlock presses Wenceslas for details of the beginning of the case. Sherlock shows up later to help John finish out Mycroft’s case. They break in to the suspect’s flat, point a gun at him when he enters, and drag the story from him. Nothing as interesting as Sherlock or John was hoping. Sherlock confiscates the thumb drive.
). John asks if everyone he’s ever met has been a psychopath and Sherlock tells him yes, trying to move on quickly. John stops him, blowing up at the joking tone. Sherlock assures him that he isn’t joking: John is attracted to danger and gets bored with the mundane just as easily as Sherlock does.
“Well, yes…your things are considerably cheaper than my own,” Sherlock says as though John is an idiot, “We’re going to freeze due to your stubbornness, I hope you realize.”
John growls possessively as he moves that same hand firmly down the other man’s body to grab at his left thigh. He pulls Sherlock’s leg up and over his a bit while slotting his own right leg further between his, bringing their cocks closer.
Sherlock and Henry have a discussion about Dr. Frankland until they come upon Dewer’s Hollow. John is still somewhere behind them, but neither man seems to notice as they descend into the crater-like field. Howling begins and both Sherlock and Henry see the hound. Sherlock freaks out and runs from the hollow and the pair finds John again on their way back out without a single question about where he’s been.
We simply stare at each other until you move closer to the edge of your seat, and I mirror it without fully realizing. Slowly, your left hand reaches for my right and we both stare at your thumb moving softly over mine.
John settles himself comfortably on the bed before inserting the disc into his hard drive. He sees Watson appear on the screen, seemingly filming in the same bedroom. It’s surreal and disorienting, seeing one’s self recording something in your location without it being you.
Kitty Riley is claiming at first to be a fan who would like to bed Sherlock, but he quickly deduces that she’s a journalist coming up quickly on a deadline and she rapidly drops all pretenses. Sherlock denies her an interview before she even asks and heads for the door, but she follows.
“I have been a wonderful influence on your sense of adventure,” Holmes congratulates himself with a smile.
Prof. Ellis laughed, “No, of course you’re not; that much is absurdly obvious to anyone really looking.”
“I was hoping that I had been wrong; that you wouldn’t succumb to the temptation to watch these DVDs,” Mycroft continues while grabbing the DVD remote and pausing the episode on John and other Mycroft talking in the warehouse to ensure that he has their full attention.
“I could have continued the fellatio a little longer. I feel I was too assertive on the approach,” Sherlock said clinically, “but I expect we will do that again soon?”
Sherlock lets his face fall back into his usual mask of neutrality as he realises he let too much slip, and he ignores the question before topping up John’s glass, “Never have I ever gone fishing.”
“No,” Sherlock’s voice boomed through the door, “I’m fine, perfectly capable of packing for myself, thank you very much.”
On screen, Sherlock and John dissolve in to giggles. They discuss why they’re in their current location and make a joke about Mycroft being the queen that sends Holmes and Watson laughing, as well. Sherlock, true to his petulant form, stoutly refuses to put any clothes on until Mycroft has nearly left him standing naked, holding on to a semblance of control by demanding to know who his client is.
“D'ya want to dance?” John slurred slightly, the red wine making his lips look darker and more seductive.
“Would you like me to seduce you?” John asked against one of the overly sensitive spots on the other man’s enticing neck.
Quick scenes of different guests being photographed. Sherlock is still deducing random men for Janine. John and Mary are discussing how Harry didn’t show up (she didn’t to Watson’s wedding, either) and then Sholto arrives and John goes to chat with him and Sherlock moves to Mary.
“Because,” he’s still chuckling, but they’re fewer and farther between now, “it sounds too science fiction for your literal brain to be considering, that’s all.”
“And then I miscalculated and ruined everything,” I say aloud to no one, my disdain for myself radiating through me.
John nodded and hummed in agreement, “The Army in general, really; I was gone for all of them, either training or fighting.”
John lets the words wash over him before he steadies himself internally to ask, “Would you like me to show you?”
John can’t think of how to properly word the end of the sentence, but Sherlock sways on the spot, ending the conversation anyway.
“In their dimension. Maybe not ours,” Watson attempts to console him, but neither man is certain it works.
“I don’t…” Sherlock panted, eyes closed with an almost pained look of bliss on his face. He licked his lips and swallowed before completing the statement: “I don’t know what to do.”
Magnussen tells them that the end goal had been to get at Mycroft, whose pressure point is Sherlock, whose pressure point is John, whose pressure point is Mary. Sherlock hands over the computer, but refuses to give the password until he’s gotten all physical evidence the blackmailer has against Mary.
Sherlock and John arrive at the Thames and examine the security guard’s body. Sherlock proclaims that the painting - never yet mentioned - is a fake, then explains the mythology behind the Golem. Deductions that place the victim as a security guard. John talks to the guard’s roommate while Sherlock impersonates a guard and confronts the art exhibitor.
John tensed a bit in reflex of Sherlock freezing beside him. John had known for years that he loved the madman -
“Stop beating yourself up,” he says, then in a fresh attempt to lighten the mood, he points out, “Well, at least John isn’t the only one dealing with others assuming he’s gay.”
“Sherlock and you sent John and me to the scene because you didn’t deem it interesting enough to leave the flat for.”
I grab my coat and scarf, not even pausing in my strides towards the door to complete putting them on before exiting the suffocating building.
As John moves his gaze from Sherlock’s face to his bouncing cock, his eyes are drawn naturally to his own left hand. The freckle on Sherlock’s right hip falls just above the knuckle of his thumb, as if approving of the hand being there: making their joining more beautiful.
Sherlock and John reach out towards each other for the comfort that neither can provide at the moment.
to even continue watching, much less someone else, as well. But he can’t communicate this, so he says nothing as Watson reaches to start the DVD again.
Sherlock comes to awareness - or the closest thing to it that he’s been for a while - and immediately calls for John who enters the room seconds later. They talk, John puts him back to bed, Sherlock dismisses him, and then his phone makes a moaning sound from his jacket pocket.
“Well, you promised to help me. You said we would be boyfriends but…” he trailed off, blushing deeply as he looked over at John shyly, “You’ve not really made a move.”
“We detected a significant disturbance within your premises and our surveillance told us what we needed to know.”
John gets back to 221B and discovers, just as Watson had when he returned to the hotel, that there wasn’t any medical emergency. The wave of fear knowing that he had left Sherlock Holmes alone, vulnerable to attack, sets John Watson back in to motion to return to his friend.
John opened his eyes that he had closed for effect before replying with false sincerity, “Oh, but you’re grievously injured,” he reminded him, fighting hard against a smirk, “best not to risk any further damage.”
In lieu of an answer, Holmes merely looks from Watson’s eyes, pointedly down at his groin, then back up to hold his gaze challengingly.
“You’ve watched me. Just...do what I did,” John responded nervously, unsure whether he could actually help him the way he knew Sherlock was asking. Playing dumb was a bit of a necessity at times with the younger man, now being a perfect example.
Holmes’ stomach knots, uncertain how Sherlock is planning to escape this one. But he also knows that Sherlock didn’t take the time to make a plan; all he could think about was keeping John safe again, by whatever means necessary, even if it meant being put to death himself. One of these days, Sherlock Holmes may truly die for John Watson as he has already repeatedly attempted to do.
“Inspector!” Mrs. Holmes interrupted, “That’s the one. Lestat, dear me. That was the vampire wasn’t it?”
With a heavy sigh of his own, he finally turned onto his back and stared at the ceiling, remembering Professor Ellis. The older man’s kindness was all that got Sherlock through that blasted school, honestly, and now he was retiring?
“But look at all we had been through already; how much you had changed my life in such a short amount of time. This may not be us – what with Sherlock’s disheveled hair and John’s baby face – but this is very close to our beginning, too.”
Sherlock could not believe his erection hadn’t abated from the awkwardness. If anything, his arousal had only increased by having been caught listening outside the door. What the bloody hell was wrong with him?! He shook his head and tried to think of anything except the warm, hard body pressed against his.
For Gryffindor John Watson and Ravenclaw Sherlock Holmes, this means that they spend most nights - just the two of them - studying in the library together before John heads to bed and Sherlock returns to his potions experiments.
If he had known that, he would have paid a younger student to test the potion, as he usually does, instead of drinking it himself. But the truth is that he’s never been in love - isn’t even certain what it’s supposed to
You cancelled plans to come with me. The case itself was fairly simple, it mostly just needed to not involve the police which is why I was called in, and you won’t even be able to release the write-up about it for another 10 years thanks to the non-disclosure agreement we signed. You had no reason to come along, but you did anyway so that I wouldn’t need to fly alone, not mentioning a single word about it. Once done, you asked me if we could take the train back instead; you claimed to have never used the high-speed form of travel before, but it was a lie.
“One of my experiments that doesn’t yet have a name,” Sherlock answers, then adds, “May not ever have a name; this is unbearable.”
Greg had cleared his throat and attempted to fast-forward the voyeuristic images only for Sherlock to slap his hand away with a deep frown and a rumbled, “What is he doing?”
“I am sorry,” Sherlock added, obviously embarrassed, “I’ll understand if you never want to do that again.”
Watson’s face falls. After all these years together and all they’ve been through one would think there’d be no surprises, but that’s simply not the case. Holmes goes through so much of his life putting forth a cold persona for the world that the tiny cracks of humanity that he shows Watson take his breath away each and every time.
“Will you keep wearing your posh shirts and trousers?” John inquires, his turn to ask the questions.
Holmes sighs sadly while shaking his head, “You know what Mycroft would say, and I fear that he’s right. We can’t go messing with another timeline.”
They’re seated on the groom’s side of the church; they could have sat on either, but Greg’s side is less full than Molly’s. John purposefully chose a pew that’s a few rows behind the rest of the crowd so that when Sherlock inevitably grows bored and starts bemoaning the fact or deducing people, at least he won’t bother anyone else too much. Like a ruddy child.
John frowned slightly at the description but huffed out a laugh and continued, moving between each nipple in turn whilst Sherlock stroked himself.
Moriarty sings him a song in his head as John rides with him in the back of the ambulance to the hospital.
Holmes smirks, “No, not really,” he admits, “but it was preferable to that,” he gestures to the telly just as the camera pans back to them lying on the stairs of Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson comes out of her flat and is surprised to see them.
“You didn’t ask me to call you Sherlock,” Watson observes next as John gets out of the car to meet Sherlock at 221B.
It’s not a clear question, but Sherlock doesn’t need him to clarify; he knows what he’s asking. His only delay comes from the feeling of déjà vu he gets at the words. He’s heard them before, in his Mind Palace. He has already spoken the answer.
They watch in silence as John bares his soul to Sherlock’s grave, the same words that Watson had said. The same plea.
“John,” Sherlock whispered, eyes closed as he shook his head in embarrassment, “I’m no longer fully erect.”
Please take a second to let us know what you think, via comment or kudos! We love to hear from you all :)
“I suppose...we should go to our separate beds,” Sherlock whispers, sounding bereft and demoralised, “since we were only doing this to conserve body heat.”
“What does that mean?” Sherlock asked, but John refused to answer him as he finished stepping out of the cloth.
John had decided to stay with Mary simply to be able to keep an eye on her, and to wait for the proper time where he could exact his revenge. He hadn’t been lying when she thought he forgave her at Sherlock’s parents’ house: he had spent quite a lot of time preparing the words to not only be the truth, but also to disarm her. The problems of her future are sure as hell going to be his privilege.
John boxed Sherlock in with his arms on either side of his shoulders, their faces only inches apart as he carefully attempted to find Sherlock’s entrance. Noticing that John was struggling without his hands, Sherlock used his own hand to position John against his hole, feeling the odd, blunt sensation against his most intimate part as John bent to kiss his lips.
really love him. That’s…a good thing. Great, actually. But a bit of him twinges with sadness that it happened this way.
They smile at each other until the scene changes and they watch Sherlock and John’s first meeting play out before their eyes. It’s an uncanny depiction, unfolding precisely the way their own first meeting went, Mike Stamford, St. Bart’s, and all.
“We were happy together without you,” she goads him, “but you couldn’t stand the fact that he could enjoy being with someone for an extended period of time that wasn’t you, could you? I imagine that from day one you were always this possessive over him, whether you realized it or not. How many relationships have you ruined for him, just to keep him close?”
“Well, what sorts of things does he like? Or did he like when you spent time with him?” John responded casually.
He sat back on the bed, resting against the headboard in the same position John had chosen. He hadn’t removed his pants yet because he found he enjoyed the feeling of his hand over the fabric separating his hand from his cock. He bit his bottom lip as he traced his outline, but he was only partially hard.
Sally is looking at the evidence, wondering at how convenient it is that Sherlock knew precisely where to find the children.
I read the text messages, sent at such a late hour on a Friday that you must either be inebriated or fighting with your wife. I sigh heavily, allowing my head to drop to the back of the couch as my eyes close against the pain in my chest.
“John shouldn’t have come back,” Holmes intones with fear. Surely there’s no way Sherlock can follow through with what he needs to with John right there.
John gulped loudly but nodded with a tentative smile, “Right. Not sure I’ll be able to...perform on command, but I’ll try. What about for yourself?”
John shrugs and then gestures to Sherlock, “Your turn. What do you think I’ve done that you haven’t?”
“You forgot to get the post,” John grumbled, putting the letters on his chair whilst he moved to make himself tea, subconsciously moving to make Sherlock one, too.
Sherlock then attempts to bring John in on the terrorist case he’s been assigned by Mycroft, but John is still a bit too salty to agree straight away. One more bout of Sherlock’s arrogance earns him a headbutt to the nose.
“Oh my God,” Watson whispers as realization dawns. Sherlock was taking punches and headbutts while sore, and being tackled to the ground with healing whip lashes on his back.
Next scene, Sherlock (and John) are being thanked by a family who has been reunited because of their hard work. Sherlock is given a tie pin, though he doesn’t wear ties. John shushes him again.
Holmes is eager to see how Sherlock infiltrates Magnussen’s estate, especially now that the blackmailer knows what he looks like. When they had dealt with Magnussen in their own timeline – a mere six months previous – he had disguised himself as a plumber to gain access to his home, and became engaged to the housemaid to gain information. He assumes, as things have been matching up generally, that Sherlock is about to propose to Janine for this same all-around purpose.
Sherlock carefully picks up the coin in front of him to examine it closer. On one side is depicted a rifle crossing with a syringe, a dark blue beret above them; on the other, the symbol of the Royal Army Medical Corps with “Captain of the British Army”, both sides with a background of red.
For half a minute they stand just like this, breathing in unison as they relish simply being close to one another. Then Sherlock’s face moves and John’s heart - just recently calmed by the lack of further movement - begins to race once more. Sherlock’s left hand comes up to rest on the side of John’s neck, his thumb moving lightly over a particularly sensitive spot just under his ear. John shudders and presses forward in to his body without thought, but God does he want this man. John’s left hand loosens its hold on Sherlock’s shirt, merely resting on his too-thin side instead.
They both try to think of which will be the next of their cases to come up, completely unaware of the emotional trauma caused by the reminder that they’re in for.
John sighs heavily, closing his eyes and clenching his fists to restrain himself from going over to physically reassure his best friend. He opens his eyes and instead asks, “Did you clean up the classroom before you came here?”
John appears in the scene, pulling Sherlock out of his mind and back in to the flat with him by scolding him about letting his food go cold. Sherlock brushes off his concern – nicely – and immediately reenters his Mind Palace, though he appears to be chatting with each woman on a different laptop in the flat. He makes the connection that it must be the same man and that he’s using the obituaries to take on the identity of recently deceased men. He deduces that the so-called mayfly man was simply thinking of an ingenious way to play the field as a form of entertainment.
Well, slightly different pictures of them. Sherlock appears to have wild curls while his Holmes tames them in to submission with a bit of product, and John appears to be clean-shaven while he himself has a full, close-cut beard from not shaving for a few days. But other than that, the resemblance is striking.
His heart still gives a guilty lurch whenever his eyes land on the bullet scar that remains their only reminder of Mary. His left hand moves from supporting him to lovingly running over the skin near it. He kisses it as though it still pains Sherlock; as though he could never apologize enough for its existence.
You move to hug me, but I can practically smell the panic and regret rolling off of you in waves. You wanted to hug me, yes, but you also needed to hide your face from her as you gathered yourself. I am safe and would never judge you for that. I’m not certain the same could be said for your wife.
Moriarty enters the Tower of London and heads to the crown jewels. He places his earbuds in and Rossini’s
Both John and Sherlock freeze and the suspect (Larry, of all the silly names) pants in to John’s right ear.
John smiled to himself again as he licked lightly down to Sherlock’s balls and sucking them into his mouth. Sherlock’s fingers gripped the bedding tightly as he desperately tried not to tangle them into John’s hair (something probably very ‘not good’) or thrust up into the beautifully warm, wet heat of John’s mouth.
Shortly after returning home and bandaging his neck, John shifts uncertainly near the doorway, ready to head to bed.
Moriarty came back and I tried desperately to keep you safe. I left you. It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done and I never should have followed through with it. I don’t know how else I was supposed to manage it, but seeing the look on your face when I returned told me everything.
They take off their snow-covered coats and gear. The snow storm had come in suddenly, unexpected as they were working on their most recent (outdoor) case. They were close to being done, but they still found themselves out in the elements for an hour more before Sherlock would allow them to leave.
were alive!” He yells, the pain from the old wound bubbling up without permission, “I begged you not to be dead.
Sherlock attempts to continue to trust in her goodness, unwilling to believe that he could have been so far off base – so
Watson spares a moment to think about what it would have been like to have Mary around for longer than three weeks after Holmes’ “death”, or to have found her shortly after it like John had. How different would it have been to have her support through it all, instead of the distraction of her illness? God, the guilt he still feels, nearly three years after the fact, of having cared about Holmes’ death more than Mary’s is staggering.
John and Mary exchange words of settlement and John has a face - when she can’t see him - that clearly speaks of discontent.
“Oh please, if I had shown up without pants to the Palace, Mycroft would have killed me,” Holmes says seriously, but his smirk gives him away.
The rounds continue, each man drinking deep and filling up their glasses until the bottle is half empty and the men become rather tipsy and loose lipped. They stop for a break to eat and then burn the carriers and most of the extra cardboard which the delivery driver had given them, but it doesn’t last long before the room is colder than usual. The brief heat simply serving to make everything seem much colder than it previously was.
Lestrade didn’t indulge like this very often, mostly because he was always on call and didn’t have time to stretch out his self-indulgent wanks, but this time the most recent case was over and he wasn’t rota-ed in until the day after. He lay back on his sofa and put in his favourite Busty Asian Babe’s DVD and pumped some hand cream into his palm with an excited wiggle.
“Well, at least you learned not to keep leaving me outside of situations like this. There’s that bright side.”
Sherlock blushes, “Right,” he agrees, “because you’re a doctor, and that takes a very skilled mind to…”
John asks about cases on the website which sets Sherlock off in to a frenzied explanation of a case involving a glowing rabbit.
“Mmm,” Sherlock said, but he was frowning with concentration, “Odd. Not unpleasant, but not exactly comfortable, either.”
He raises his eyes and gives her a defiant smirk, “He came to me of his own free will when you began to try to control him,” he says, noticing the door to the flat open silently from the corner of his eye, “John may not love me the way I love him,” he says, unable to speak of him in the past tense, “but he sure as hell doesn’t love
The rest of the men shout in appreciation of the barb and Sherlock finally feels as though he’s not a complete outcast with the group.
John sits in his chair, hardly breathing as he reads the sentence over again for what may actually be the millionth time.
“No, because I didn’t try to make a joke of my return. Because I apologized sincerely from the start. Because I didn’t lie about us nearly dying to force you to forgive me!” His voice rises steadily with each sentence until he’s looking intensely in to Watson’s eyes.
With matching looks of confused trepidation, they turn back to the screen. This is, of course, all new to them as it didn’t happen in their timeline.
“Alright, John?” Sherlock feigns calm while in his chest his heart is racing. John is too tired to completely comprehend the fear in Sherlock’s eyes, “You were talking in your sleep.”
“Unbelievable,” Watson says on another laugh, “I call you a pompous dick and all you take away from the sentence is that you look cool?”
And in that moment, Sherlock looked so incredibly like a sad, abandoned puppy that John couldn’t stay frustrated at the situation. The moment he decided to throw all caution to the wind and just
He addresses and stamps the envelope before walking to the corner of the street and dropping it in the postbox.
“I think you should come in,” John says, stepping back from the door and allowing his best friend to enter. He can’t help but look around the common room quickly to see if anyone witnessed the display and is pleased to see the area deserted. He closes the door.
Watson turns from the image of Mary rushing in to the hospital to instead look at his friend, “Because John was in danger,” he states, the only question in the statement being born from his own insecurity about why that would be.
that Sherlock is planning is not going to work out the same way his own return did, Holmes can plainly see already. He wills his counterpart to not do this but to walk away and take some time to think of a new plan.
As they rut, they grow frustrated. It is a fantastic level of torture, but it’s not nearly enough for either man. John leads Sherlock’s body onto his back with his mere presence, and Sherlock follows willingly as he wraps his legs around John’s waist instinctively.
Sherlock talks to Mary as John hails a cab. He deduces her quickly and seems to be at peace with what he sees, but Watson’s brow creases. There is something fundamentally off about this Mary that makes her different from how his own wife had been. He can’t place it yet, but it gives him an ill feeling in the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock arched his back below him and then grunted, “If you must,” he attempted to feign indifference, but his body spoke far louder than his words.
Sherlock’s palm encasing the ring begins to sweat as John simply stares at him like he’s about to cry.
John moves to sit next to Sherlock, the easier to interlace their fingers properly. John looks down as he slowly takes Sherlock’s right hand in his left, gently weaving their digits together. When he looks up at Sherlock’s face, he finds the other man entranced by their joining with an odd, soft look on his face. Unconsciously, John’s thumb rubs softly over Sherlock’s in reassurance, and Sherlock’s eyes fly up to his in wonderment.
Sherlock sees that John is calm, plan worked out and ready to go, he just needs to give him an opportunity to act. He takes a step back.
He finds Sherlock in his bed, on his right side facing the door. He isn’t asleep, but he also doesn’t acknowledge John’s return to the room. After a short debate, John grabs two extra blankets from his trunk, setting one on the ground before sitting with his back against the wall and the other overtop himself for warmth. In the dull light, the two stare at each other across the void.
“I want you to get hard for me,” Sherlock continued quietly in his low timbre, breath falling hot against John’s left ear with his mouth so close, “Please, John,” he begged, “will you do that for me?”
There’s a lengthy pause as they watch the scene play out before Watson admits in his own whisper, “Me too.”
Sherlock’s hands twitched in thin air as John quickly opened the flies of Sherlock’s trousers, pulling them down to his ankles before kissing the inside of Sherlock’s thighs gently. In their previous sexual escapades, John had discovered how sensitive Sherlock’s thighs really were; whenever they were touched or caressed it was an immediate switch for Sherlock’s arousal, goosebumps sparking across pale skin which seemed to lead directly to his cock. John smiled, kissing the silky soft skin and giving it a playful bite as he took Sherlock’s prick from his boxers and gave it a few warm-up strokes, thumbing across the plummy head and smearing the plentiful precome.
He says all of these and more with three simple words: “When you’re ready…” that, in the end, roughly translate to “I’m here. I’m waiting. Come home.”
Without a word, John moves confidently to straddle Sherlock’s lap, smiling as they lock eyes before kissing heatedly. John’s hands move in to those outrageous curls as Sherlock’s travel down John’s sides to grasp at his hips.
Watson merely shakes his head, the angry tears threatening to fall, before he stands and moves towards his room, “Sod it. We can finish the last discs tomorrow, I just can’t right now.”
John is Sherlock’s only friend, not only because Sherlock tends to rub people the wrong way by making observations about them that they’d rather he wouldn’t, but because he strongly believes he only
Conversely, one of the first things Holmes had done on their way to the scene was to contact his brother and get the ball in motion.
“Normally I wouldn’t,” Sherlock admitted, scratching the back of his neck awkwardly, “but you looked so devilishly handsome when you kicked the murderer in the face that I got a little...
“Come on, let’s get you to bed,” John sighs in disappointment, recognizing that not all of the drugs have fully left his system yet, and assists him to his room. He pulls the covers down as Sherlock sits at the end of the bed looking very disoriented, “Shoes off,” John orders a bit firmer.
“Are you not going to say it back?” Sherlock asks. It sounds robotic because of the potion, but the aching in his heart at the thought that his feelings aren’t returned radiates through him, hatefully reminding him that he is human.
Sherlock hasn’t seen or heard from John since his daughter was born four months previous. He had assumed that John was simply busy settling in to his life as a first-time father and had no time for traipsing around England with him any longer. Sherlock has tried so hard to stay occupied so he doesn’t notice the aching hole that reminds him that John is gone.
) but I could see in your eyes that you were almost pleading for the assurance. Did you want me to fight for you? Tell you that you shouldn’t marry her but stay with me?
Beside him, Sherlock feels John tense in anger. It’s probably a good thing, Sherlock considers, that himself and Zach are on complete opposite ends of the table from one another. Sherlock’s hand tightens slightly on John’s thigh in reassurance.
“Hi, I’m Angela,” the pretty, young blonde girl introduces herself with a stunning smile and an outstretched hand.
; their ideas ensnared my muse and it had to be written. By which I mean "thank you" (I turn in to a bit of the Sherlock sometimes).
Watson stares in to Holmes’ eyes for a minute, much as John just got through doing on screen, and answers honestly, “A split second it tried, but it wasn’t a viable enough thought to take hold. You have to remember that from the moment we met you were doing these things; you had done nothing different during this case than any other, so to believe you had committed this one would have meant you committed the rest.”
The first couple of lessons, I lead so that you can learn the pattern, and I relish in being able to pull you close to my body with my arm wrapped around your waist, your hand clasped in mine. But I almost prefer when you lead, because you pull me close like you desire me and lead with such a commanding presence that shouldn’t really surprise me as I allow myself to exist only now, within these moments that feel so right.
John tells Sherlock that he should have contacted him, yet the detective keeps insisting it was for a case as well as deducing that John has started cycling to work. Wiggins makes a comment about how “some guy” hit him, John says it was probably some addict in need of a fix, and Sherlock – quickly deducing that it was John who sprained the arm – agrees that in a way it was.
“Good,” Sherlock huffed, feeling an unfamiliar twist in his stomach at the thought of someone else having access to John’s most private area. The women were bad enough, but the idea that Lestrade was having a look was almost too much to bear, “Promise you won’t do it again?”
“Yeah, you’d have to be mad to help,” John laughed and shook his head at his own madness, but was also relieved at the thought that nothing had happened between the two men.
“You know, seeing it on screen like this, I spend an awful lot of time getting in to unknown cars with strangers,” Watson reflects.
Watson groans quietly as he places his right hand on his face and closes his eyes for a moment. Could John be any more obvious about his possessiveness of his best friend?
The scent of male ejaculate hangs heady and strong in the air between them and Sherlock blushes fiercely as John finally realises what’s happened, “Oh,” he whispers.
Back in the “present” after he’s walked through the case, Greg asks who had attacked Bainbridge and how, and Sherlock admits that they never figured it out.
“What?” He asks, still honestly confused but becoming frustrated in return, “This doesn’t have to be a big sexual identity crisis because you, for some reason, still haven’t accepted your bisexuality,” John looked outraged at this, but Sherlock continued on before he could interrupt, “you’re just helping me with science.”
“Watson!” Holmes yells after him, not wanting to leave it there. He hears the door close loudly and whispers, “I’m sorry, John,” though no one is around to hear it.
Holmes rolls his eyes, “No, you didn’t avoid me like John is doing, remember? We started working on cases again right away.”
John does not look away from Mary’s face, even as Sherlock guides him to his chair so he can investigate, in fear that she will rise up and try again to shoot either of them. Sherlock grows frustrated that he can’t reach the wound past the restricting material and stands to finally grab the knife from the mantle. He uses it to carefully, despite shaking hands, cut the fabric up his leg.
John mewled as his sated cock slapped against his stomach and Sherlock shuffled up the bed to peer down owlishly at John’s face. John startled, blinking and then giggling before shaking his head, “Not sure I can language.”
have a point…” he trailed off whimsically, almost lazily divesting himself of his pants, his only garment of clothing.
Watson turns to glare at him defensively, “Well, why not? What better way to understand the situation than to observe the evidence?”
Watson gives him a pained look before speaking truthfully, “There’s not anything you could ever admit to me about yourself that I would not accept you for.”
Sherlock gets the requested information from his homeless network and they go traipsing off after the Golem, nearly catching him. Then the scene switches to the planetarium where a woman is controlling a program on Jupiter and the other planets.
Sherlock buries his face in his hands, unaware how to cope with the information in front of him. He needs to research.
They both laugh at their ridiculous antics before they’re kissing heatedly once more. John moans as he pushes their hips closer together, unconsciously seeking any form of friction on his straining cock.
There are more experiences for them to go through together (at least that's the plan!), so stay subscribed or start subscribing if you'd like to keep following along with us!
Holmes, with remote in hand, locks eyes with Watson. It’s a question…a request for permission. Watson merely nods and turns to the screen, breathing deeply to steady his nerves.
A quick scene of Irene caressing a newspaper photo of Sherlock. Mrs. “Not Your Housekeeper” Hudson cleaning up the kitchen and fridge. A stranger coming in to the flat and collapsing, then Mrs. Hudson yelling for them.
Holmes looks towards Watson briefly in shock before turning back to the telly with a contemplative, “Hmm.”
Later, Sherlock and Janine practice dancing. She’s still attempting to flirt with him a bit, but he’s still politely turning her down. John joins them, joking about Sherlock pulling with Janine, even with an attempted murder at the reception. Greg enters, leading the photographer back in to the building. It is revealed that the photographer was the killer, and then they make their way in to the dance hall as Greg arrests him.
“Oh!” Sherlock cried out, his hands moving to John’s thighs to grip them tightly, his nails causing half crescents in the skin, “Oh, John! Oh that’s...”
Throughout the opening, Greg and Sally bemoan not being able to convict the Waters family for the crimes they’ve been committing, and decide that the only way it will happen is to catch them in the act. As they travel through time, they have finally set up a trap to do just that, but Sherlock keeps texting Greg asking for his help.
“Oh, my dear Watson,” he began fondly, “with all of those fanciful stories you have written about us for The Strand, do you honestly think anyone would ever dream of separating us?”
John’s eyebrows shoot upwards at the answer, “A love and truth potion? But you despise love!” he says without thinking it through.
John obliges, pausing briefly to place a kiss to a small freckle on the underside of his jaw first, before continuing to one of the most prominent of the freckles. John feels as though the one slightly to the right of his adam’s apple should have always been his favorite due to its ability to draw his gaze to the tantalizing expanse of sensitive flesh there. But it doesn’t land at the proper location; so instead of being a marker of Sherlock’s most sensitive spot, it instead acts as a decoy.
John smiles slightly and mutters a quiet “Yeah” and the rest of the meal passes in a companionable silence.
Most of the stories I record of my life with Sherlock Holmes – some with minor alterations for proprieties sake – are fit for public consumption. The tales of action, murder, and intrigue leave my readers breathless, flabbergasted, and writing either directly to me or to The Strand beseeching me for the next mystery.
“I’ve never done this before and...I’m not sure what the protocol is for helping your best friend have a wank…so we’ll have to muddle through,” John explained and cleared his throat, “Do you have any ideas on...what you want?”
“That's lovely,” John said, allowing Mr. Holmes to put the albums away before they changed the topic of conversation.
“What?” Sherlock asks, his eyebrows meeting in the middle as he looks horrified, “John. Not only is she of Royal birth, she is also considerably older than me. And female.”
“It says here that you did. He taught science,” John responded, narrowing his eyes, “Is there any reason you don't want to go?”
“John...I…” Sherlock starts before attempting to bolt for the exit of their fort. John is quicker, however, and pulls Sherlock back down, holding him tightly, “Desist!”
“I can hardly believe how quickly you can turn in to someone else entirely,” Watson admits with admiration.
Sherlock looks up from his phone curiously before putting the pieces together, “Oh, that. Yes. Well, the last couple of times it rather slipped my mind.”
With a quick nod, Sherlock returned his focus lower, gathering some saliva on his tongue as he examined the dry-looking skin. He leaned forward and tentatively ran his wet tongue up one of the testicles, causing John to huff out a quiet something that sounded vaguely like an “oh”, but really, it was difficult to be sure.
John walks in to an expansive building and meets Sherlock. They discuss how to gain access: corrupting a key card and then having Magnussen’s personal assistant let them in. The personal assistant just so happens to be Janine, and he does, indeed, propose to her to get her to allow them upstairs.
Sherlock enters the pool and speaks. John enters via another door and Sherlock freezes, uncertain about the information being presented to him.
,” John growled in warning, his own left hand itching to grab his aching cock to finish the job himself. He was too close to an orgasm for this shite.
Sherlock enters the flat covered in blood and carrying a harpoon. John looks legitimately unsettled by the scene before him.
The new woman draws the same conclusion about their misleadingly similar outfits and their relationship status. She excuses herself quickly and with a blush.
He places his hands at Sherlock’s mid-back before running them down to grab his hips. He makes a conscious decision to ignore Sherlock’s quiet “
“I can fix that,” he smirks as he divests himself of his clothing as quickly as the limited height space allows.
“I should have brought food,” John mumbles, “Saves us having to go outside when it starts getting colder.”
Sherlock sat up and pushed John towards the edge of the bed, since he was on the side closest to the door. He may need to walk himself to the other room, but he sure as hell wouldn’t be doing more walking than absolutely necessary.
Starting tomorrow, you'll only be getting one chapter a day since they increase in size quite significantly. Just a heads up :)
“Good enough for me,” John concedes, lifting his arms above his head in a submissive, trusting gesture.
Sherlock allows himself to be drawn in with a shy, besotted grin. He’ll argue about the idiot comment tomorrow.
“I didn’t want you to hurt any more than you already were,” he answers honestly, “I thought some false hope would be harmless.”
“Thank you,” John replied, enjoying the conversation immensely and feeling the warmth and genuine care which came from the couple as they ribbed Sherlock playfully, telling John of the various mishaps they had had in the labs and the trouble Sherlock often caused when he came over for dinner with the Ellis family.
“John, you must understand: there were events in Sherlock’s past, during his less than coherent times, that went incredibly poorly for him. Haven’t you wondered why he has no recollection of masturbation?”
“My darling!” Mrs. Holmes cooed, throwing her arms wide open and grabbing Sherlock into a tight and unavoidable hug. John watched with a warmth in his chest as Sherlock returned the hug, resting his chin on his mother’s head, “I’ve missed you, my darling boy! Your father is in the rose gardens, he wouldn’t move until he removed all of the pesky greenflies,” she tutted and rolled her eyes, “You know how he gets.”
“John,” Sherlock whispered in that way that the doctor had never heard his name uttered by a single other soul before him; equal parts reverent and awed with a dash of timidity, “are you always this romantic with your partners?”
Sherlock x-rays Irene’s phone and discovers explosives. Molly initiates another possible password option, but it’s wrong, as well. Back in 221B, Sherlock discovers Irene asleep in his bed. They discuss the encrypted email; Sherlock solves it within about eight seconds, and appears not to even realize Irene is truly flirting with him. John, showing his jealous side once again, attempts to interrupt their very intense staring contest by blurting out his middle name.
Sherlock’s eyes flash in anger as he literally moves forward and takes a deep breath in, ready to let the entire table know about the illicit history between Sally and Anderson. John quickly places his left hand on Sherlock’s lower right thigh below the table and leans in to him while whispering “Sherlock” in a warning tone.
He had debated getting him a DNA necktie (in the event that he continues to guest lecture after retirement) or a stupid molecular-themed coffee mug (“Yet another year older...and still just as twisted!” with a double helix), but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Besides, his well-meaning family members have probably gotten him the gamut of the available options as gifts over the years.
Sometime later, John wakes to the sound of his name being shouted, along with other sounds that don’t quite seem to form real words. He rushes downstairs to find Sherlock still on the sofa. The younger man is slouched awkwardly and is obviously in the fit of a nightmare.
It’s not until they’ve been returned back to the main menu that Holmes stands up to switch discs for the last time.
John stills, his mind a flurry of activity, “Right. I see,” he says before adding, “actually no, I don’t.”
As mentioned at the beginning, this was a request fic, which I'm willing to entertain doing again. So if you've got an idea (or just a trope you really love that I haven't touched yet), feel free to message me or find me on Tumblr!
Sherlock is speechless at the admission, how tender it sounds coming from his sleepy mouth. The other answers were all honest, so it’s reasonable to assume that this is, too. Simply because it’s hard to believe doesn’t make it all that less likely, does it?
“Ready?” John asks, still in a reassuring fashion that is so second-nature to the doctor. God, how he can genuinely care for others this much boggles Sherlock’s brilliant mind.
After another ten minutes of sweat-flushed movement, Sherlock growled and punched the bed angrily, “John! This isn’t working!”
Which is how John and Greg ended up gaping at Sherlock, their mouths slack and their eyebrows almost at their hairline as they watched grainy CCTV from the house of a murder victim. The murderer was outside the living room window, his face covered with a mask whilst his trousers were pulled below his buttocks, and his hand moved frantically on his cock.
“You…” Watson starts shakily when the opening credits begin, but has to swallow thickly before continuing, “that happened to you?”
The following hours pass silently as Sherlock types away on both computer and phone, and John reads and stokes the fire as necessary.
John moves his attention to Sherlock’s left middle finger, between the first and second knuckles, and places a kiss on the freckle there. He notes with a touch of sadness that it, too, is fading. He trades the left hand for the right, kissing the freckle on the knuckle that will keep getting lighter until there’s no trace of it left. He kisses the even lighter one on the ring finger, followed by the slightly darker one near his wrist.
Watson turns, supporting his back against the counter as he looks at his friend. Holmes looks as though Watson is a skittish animal that is ready to bolt. He turns his head to the left to study a stain on the floor: a marker of some experiment gone wrong. With an odd sense of fondness, he thinks about how much he loves that stain – and the countless others just like it – nearly as much as he loves his life here with this man.
“I think that might be the first time I’ve seen him actually use the umbrella for its intended purpose,” Holmes quips.
“Damn! I thought for sure we’d get at least two rounds from the table!” Bill mock-pouts, “Looks like it’s just you, Zach.”
“Tedious,” Holmes intones tiredly once his brother is gone, letting go of Watson’s hand and slouching back in to the couch. He lolls his head to the right to look at Watson’s face, brow furrowing as he sees the excitement in his unfocused eyes. He sighs wearily, “No, Watson.”
“Let me,” John begged as he began to undo Sherlock’s infuriating buttons one at a time, kissing the skin he exposed. John pushed him up against the hallway wall, so close to the bedroom they had both been aiming for, but now too far from it to care to try to close the distance.
Instead, Sherlock brought his face slowly toward John’s - deducing the entire way - and kissed him softly, tentatively, as if unsure. Sherlock being unsure about something, can you imagine?
They exit the building to face a throng of reporters, then the screen fades out before fading back in. There’s a random looking room with a bunch of random looking things all around, then there’s a screen that shows Sherlock pulling John from the bonfire on a loop, Mary yelling his name. Then a pair of eyes, watching it avidly.
He smiled a bit sadly, “It feels like an eternity. I find myself barely remembering a time before your involvement, and even less will to do so. I am a man who distances himself from others because it is easier to assess situations with an unbiased mind, but I have never been able to deny the pull I have towards you,” he stated with more confidence than I think I may have ever felt outside of a battlefield, though I could see the trepidation in his eyes, entranced as I was with looking into them.
“Right,” he agrees, but they sit simply staring at each other for a few long moments before standing simultaneously and going over to their bookshelves on the far wall, searching them in earnest.
As previously mentioned, the chases and murders keep us wonderfully entertained, but they are not my favorite part of our relationship. It is the quiet mornings as we sit together drinking our tea and reading the paper. It is the secretive kisses and whispered declarations of devotion in the night.
“Your presence sent my body in to a wet dream,” Sherlock states in wonder, and John recognizes that tone.
Thank you so much for all the support you have given us via kudos, comments and subs. It really means a lot to us.
“But what next?” John finishes for him knowingly, “But was it a mistake? But will it happen again? But do we regret it?”
“I state again for the record: we had just met. I wasn’t entirely certain I could trust you yet, or how much you wanted to be involved.”
Sherlock grinned and dipped his head, extending his tongue to lick across the wet slit before smacking his lips together, “Not terrible,” he mumbled to himself before holding the base of John’s cock and slowly pushing more of the shaft into his mouth. Inch by inch worked into Sherlock’s mouth before he gagged and pulled back with a deep frown.
“Good,” Sherlock responded as though that had been the plan all along, and then ran a hand up and down John's stomach, “Can we have sexual relations now?”
John calms himself down to appease his friend, “Then let’s watch them and find out,” he insists calmly.
“My pajamas are upstairs. I didn’t consent to do the study nude; I’ll be back down in a moment,” he calls without stopping his progress.
Sherlock unwraps Irene’s phone and then he calls Mycroft to warn him to keep an eye out for her body. Cut to later when both Holmes brothers enter St. Bart’s to find Molly with Irene’s body. Sherlock IDs her and then Mycroft offers him a cigarette as the younger explains how he knew she’d be found dead. They discuss their family history; both of their social ineptitudes when it comes to caring for others.
As we discuss it, I can already feel the itch in my veins that can only be satisfied by drugs. This changes everything; you’re too honorable a man to walk away from a child.
“I was a soldier,” is his only response to the statement, “Now put the gun down or I will shoot you.”
It’s been a long while since they’ve had a case of real interest and excitement – of the “chasing criminals through the streets and staying one step ahead of danger” variety. The thrill of those cases always keeps the nightmares at bay, because his mind doesn’t need to relive the war to remember the adventure.
Magnussen comes to the flat to discuss business. His henchmen frisk Sherlock and John, discovering the tire lever still in John’s trousers.
It wasn't often that John knew something Sherlock didn't. The man might have the world’s most extensive knowledge on cigarette ash and an aptitude for molecular chemistry, but he was also completely ignorant on other topics that he deemed unimportant.
Holmes debates what to say next. He’s voiced regret for Mary’s passing before and he knows how much it still hurts John even after the time that’s passed, but… “Watson,” he starts uncertainly.
John led them to the bed where he laid down on his back, staring unashamedly up at Sherlock, who was standing rather awkwardly next to the bed.
“Mrs. Landingham is here for her 3 o’clock,” comes Mary’s voice, “It…might take awhile, so I’m going to try to pass off the next few of your appointments.”
Back to the art gallery, attempting to figure out a way to prove that the painting is a fake. The call comes in with a child counting down, forcing Sherlock to figure it out quicker. They watch as Sherlock struggles, yelling aloud to himself in frustration.
John grits his teeth. Truthfully, he’s happy to see her and to know that both Holmes brothers are on his case, but he’s incredibly worried that Mary will see through this ruse and…what? She’s never gotten physical with him and, really, what more could she do to limit him? But still, he worries.
He walks out in to the common room, not stopping his forward movement until he’s outside of the portrait in the hall, too afraid of what he’ll do if he stays too close to him. Sherlock says he loves him, but surely he wouldn’t forgive John for taking advantage of his less-than-coherent state.
For me, you sat on a train for 9 hours instead of forcing me back on a mode of transportation that causes me anxiety and pretended to enjoy it.
“Boringly human,” Sherlock responded, rolling his eyes, “but it’s fine; I know you weren't being malicious.”
John has to think about this statement for a humiliatingly impressive length of time before his Doctor Brain can take control back over from the Sea of Scotch, “You mean wet dreams.”
He started, and I cursed that infernal comma. That makes twice now, but I have seen many a man make the same, meaningless error many more times than two before.
Watson is nervous about watching it because he doesn’t want to relive the pain and see all the signs that he missed to prevent this from happening in the first place.
“John,” Sherlock snapped, forcing John to look at him, “have I ever hinted at doing something I don't want to do? No. I have not. I want to do this. I want to do it with
“Maybe Moriarty couldn’t get cameras in the church,” Watson offers distractedly, entranced by John and Mary. His Mary’s dress had been the same one, but his tux was different.
It didn't take long for John to have breakfast ready. He was midway through the chorus of 'I will always love you' when Sherlock came into the kitchen and clicked off the radio.
You moved in quickly, bringing your nightmares with you. You would scream out either wordlessly or the names of those you lost in the war. Your charges, your leaders…your friends. You would wake up sobbing to find me standing in your doorway with a cup of tea and an understanding look in my eyes.
“Do what I did; I know you watched every moment in fine detail,” he told him, holding back a blush at the thought of how thorough his brilliant mind must have truly watched him bring himself off.
Instead of letting his imagination take over with a fantasy, he focused his energy on John. The noises he had slowly allowed to increase in volume, imagining what he must look like right now, separated from him only by a flimsy door. He envisioned John lying on his back, hand wrapped around his impressive erection. Sherlock knew from observing that John’s girth was above average, even if the length was fairly standard.
face specifically, with as much time as he spends looking at it. So he instinctively knows how delicate the situation is.
I (Goddess) would like to take most of the responsibility for this taking absolutely forever to update. It's a very weird, busy, stressful time of year for me in real life, but it's finally settling down again. One million apologies from us both <3
“We stick with ‘Never have I ever’ statements since that’s what we’re comfortable with. If one of us says something that one of us has done, the one who
“Sorry about back there,” Zach says, scooting just a bit closer to Sherlock, “I had no idea you didn’t know about John.”
“It’s not pity,” Sherlock promises, “I just...you never talk about it, and it’s easy for me to forget what you went through.”
“John, it's been twenty years. He's probably forgotten all about it,” Sherlock grumbled, refusing to meet John's eyes.
Your average seventh year at Hogwarts typically spends their evenings studying with their friends until extremely late, then going to bed once their tears have abated. Graduation is nearly upon them, and they could never have even dreamed this stress level up. It makes their fifth year OWL prep seem mild.
John’s body knows the answer to the problem, even if his brain is too muddled to remember it at the moment.
John shuffled closer to Sherlock and used his other hand to stroke Sherlock’s prick, keeping it hard whilst he circled, rotated, and thrust his finger in and out of Sherlock’s body. Once the younger man was relaxed enough, John added a second.
“Gladly,” Holmes accepts eagerly, watching with distaste as Sherlock stumbles about a bit before falling to the floor to examine something, his arse raised in the air.
“Yeah,” he says honestly, “Of course,” because it is. John has come to the conclusion that losing Sherlock - the multiple ways that he has in their past - was more painful than losing his traitorous, murdering wife. He doesn’t want to try to struggle through finding a woman who will accept the dynamic between Sherlock and himself without trying to change it - he’s too old for it
“I think about your cheekbones and The Woman’s words echo in my mind, about how she could cut herself on them,” he continues while reverently tracing them with his thumbs, “I long to try.”
“Truth or dare? Kings? Never have I ever? Spin the bottle?” He ends with what can only be classified as a good-natured leer. The scandalized look on Sherlock’s face makes the joke completely worth it, and John can’t help the laugh that escapes.
And sure enough, Sherlock is pretending to prance like a fairy as he imitates the voice of a small girl. At Sherlock’s mention of Cluedo, John gives him an emphatic no.
Sherlock exhales the breath through his nose as he moves back in his chair once more, a pout on his lips. He’s still glaring at Sally when he opens his mouth again, but John squeezes his leg again and says, “Don’t.”
Back in town, Sherlock stumbles upon John in the cemetery and asks him about the Morse code, but John walks away, seemingly not yet ready to forgive him for his outburst last night. He keeps walking away as Sherlock enquires about his meeting with Mortimer – to no avail – before physically stopping John to explain what happened last night. He apologizes about the friend comment, admits that John is his only friend.
Watson brings his hand to his face, rubbing the slight beard, “Hey, I make it look good,” he says with confidence.
people to think it was the same shade and connect the two of us,” Sherlock merely flushes slightly and moves to falsely negate the words, but John continues on before he can, “So you’ve gotten us in to this mess, and now you’re going to have to dance us right back out of it.”
Watson inhales sharply to see the mirror image of his late wife come on screen. He was curious at the beginning of the “episode” when John mentioned getting married, but he had secretly hoped he wouldn’t have to see her on screen.
Back on screen Greg, Sally, and Anderson are heading out with a warrant to arrest Sherlock, Chief Inspector in tow. Mrs. Hudson comes in to the flat to deliver a parcel from earlier: same envelope and red wax seal, a burnt gingerbread man cookie inside.
John had looked at Lestrade, huffed, and then turned back to Sherlock, “Are you serious? It's obvious what he's doing.”
John snorts, “No, best not in case anyone hears you,” he states, noticing the few subtle looks they’ve already garnered thanks to their whispered conversation. He just can’t bring himself to care if they’re disturbed by them; he genuinely needs a distraction this very moment, “Do the saints instead,” he offers, nodding towards some of the stained glass windows, each containing the likeness and name of a different saint.
Holmes tilts his head in a considering pose before answering, “What if it…God, that sounds idiotic.”
“I think you need to speak to your brother. There may be friction ahead…” Greg explained, rubbing his eyes tiredly, “I think he’s starting to remember his sex drive.”
“So?” John asks while beaming proudly before pulling a deeply-sighing Sherlock Holmes feigning resistance towards the middle of the dancing crowd.
“Fighting again, I…” Anderson starts pompously but halts immediately upon seeing his visage on screen.
They shake hands, John appearing as though he wants to renounce the hand and hug him instead, but he refrains. Sherlock walks away.
Watson does a full stop, having never thought of it that way before, “Does that mean that more people have been assuming we’re gay since I stopped wearing my ring?” He asks honestly, but Holmes merely shushes him with a wave, his eyes transfixed on the screen again.
Sherlock and John take Greg to talk to the inn keepers about their purchasing of large quantities of meat. Sherlock makes John a cup of coffee seemingly as a peace offering, but really as a means to test his theory about the sugar being tainted. It is clearly a poor cup of coffee by John’s standards, judging by his face, but he pretends to enjoy it nonetheless despite the sugar in it.
) and relocated to a small diner. Here, Sherlock goes immediately in to an explanation but John isn’t listening; he only wants to hear why he disappeared without a word. Why he let him grieve. Sherlock explains about who all knew that it was a ruse.
John is drawn to it like a moth to a flame. How a freckle can look enticing and elegant, he’s never really been certain. But that new freckle just seems to increase the sensuality of the hand it adorns. Sometimes, when John realizes how attractive he finds the small marks all over his lover’s body, he wonders if there’s something wrong with him.
John instead ignores Sherlock as the man taps and huffs in boredom. The book isn’t that interesting but it’s a far better choice than watching Sherlock get himself into a frenzy.
“Mr. Holmes,” Inspector Lestrade nodded as he removed his hat from his head and stepped in to the flat. Mrs. Hudson turned quickly and removed herself back to her own flat downstairs.
Holmes closes his eyes and shakes his head slightly in disbelief, just adding this new development to his list of reasons to hate his alternate self; he’s been about as subtle as a hand grenade since his return. And yet John still doesn’t seem to notice, and even Watson isn’t quite certain.
After what feels like hours of Sherlock trying - and failing - to fall asleep, John turns on to his left side, now facing Sherlock. The other man was just in the process of debating if he should just call it a wash for the night and head to the living room to play his violin instead.
“Then we’re both well aware of how obstinate they’re being. They helped us, now it’s our turn to help them.”
“Agreed,” Sherlock mumbled, left hand moving to play with the hair at the base of John’s skull, his right grasping John’s muscled forearm, still caging him in.
“More exciting than our version but, yes, overall I would have to agree,” he responds, standing up to place the second disc in the player once they discover that there are only two “episodes” on the first one.
Next thing they know, John leans too far forward in his chair and places his hand on Sherlock’s knee to lever himself back up. John looks at his hand for a moment before removing it and lifting it in a carefree motion.
“Make one more move and I will shoot you where you stand, I swear to God,” the threat comes from behind her in a dangerously low tone that Sherlock knows so very well.
“He’s an arse, but he’s right,” he agrees, but he can’t help the large smile that comes to his face as he predicts what’s coming, “What’s your question?”
“Oh, God, you bloody…” John started to attempt a curse at the man, but the brilliant pleasure was simply too much for his mind to try to multitask a false insult
Holmes shudders reflexively at the sound, a near Pavlovian response, “How obnoxious was his choice of ringtone?”
“I...may have had hopes,” the alcohol makes him admit with a blush, “but he certainly hasn’t dated any men since I’ve known him, only women.”
So here they both lay in the same double bed. Sherlock is actually asleep on his left side, his back towards John, since the case is solved. John, for his part, is lying on his back glaring angrily at the ceiling while his fists clench at his sides.
And with that last sentence, Sherlock’s eyes open again. With incredible resolve, he rises from the floor – the monitors in the real world responding – and climbs back up the stairs. Sherlock wakes up.
“She doesn’t quite know him as well as she thinks she does,” Holmes agrees, “She’s close but…there’s too many generalities and assumptions.”
He throws the pen down and leans back in his chair heavily, eyes closing as he tries to even out his breathing.
Sherlock looks touched by the words and forgiveness, and John steels himself for the blast that’s sure to come any second now.
Sherlock bit his bottom lip but nodded in understanding as he fell to his back, widening the space between his legs and taking a deep breath as John got into position. John smiled, stroking up and down Sherlock’s inner thigh before running his fingers up and down the crease of Sherlock’s buttocks, using his thumb and finger to spread the cheeks, looking at the small puckered hole beneath. John moaned, eyes closing as he bit his lip and chuckled darkly, “I don’t think this is going to last long.”
The first episode starts so suddenly with John having a nightmare in his bedsit. Both men cringe, Watson because of the reminder of how horrible and frequently they used to occur, Holmes because – while he clearly is aware that his PTSD used to be worse than it currently is – he has never seen a depiction such as this.
“Oh, say yes!” An older woman to the side says giddily, but John still doesn’t speak, can’t even look away from Sherlock.
With you I could have had a future I never dared to consider before...never wanted before you. Instead I head out in to the endless dark night and begin merely existing without you.
John comes out of the bathroom in just his robe and walks right past a hanging body in the living room to sit in his chair. Sherlock explains that their most recent case didn’t commit suicide as was apparent, the mannequin helped to prove it.
John deals with the check in process while Sherlock wanders around the room. Watson’s brow creases as he’s pretty sure the man is about to join the ranks of those who assume Sherlock and John are gay. John questions the inn keeper about the minefield and they chat as Sherlock does yet more exploring. Then the other inn keeper shows up and jumps right in to the ranks with the other believers of the nature of Sherlock and John’s relationship. John doesn’t correct him, merely changes the subject quickly.
With a shake of his head, Sherlock moved his bag to the floor before crawling into bed, a restless night’s sleep surely ahead of him.
“I haven’t ever said...those words before. Except to my parents, of course, but that’s just implied because of our relationship. I think I do...
He had been asleep two hours when he heard a loud bang and a groan from below. Throwing himself out of bed in just his pants, John took his stairs two at a time and threw open the door to Sherlock’s bedroom, finding the detective sprawled naked on the floor blinking in shock.
“Nope,” John says brightly, popping the ‘p’ the way Sherlock himself is prone to do, “and besides, even if I had: you lot have gotten so flabby over the years he’d never have been able to recognize you!”
Mind Palace John removes his hands from his pockets as he steps smoothly toward Sherlock’s chair, walking around it in a slow circle, “Come on,” he chides in good humor, “you love when I compliment you, and I love to do it. There’s no harm.”
Under some very convincing make-up to make her appear to have a split lip, a black eye, and a knot on her forehead is clearly the face of Anthea. She limps slightly as she makes her way towards John, not meeting his eye as though she’s afraid of him, but also embarrassed about the state of her face. He gets the feeling that she is supposed to be the victim of domestic violence and he greets her warmly by her false name.
“Eight people now,” Holmes informs the other man, “nine if you count Mortimer who clearly thinks it after what he’s just said.”
“Well, I had no idea what had been happening since you ran off and left me, I just knew I couldn’t let you take that pill.”
John glares at him defensively, “Well, why not? What better way to understand the situation than to observe the evidence?”
There’s always been something about being with John, where he knows, logically, that they haven’t known each other forever, yet the time they spent apart seems insignificant to the present.
Watson sighs heavily as he scrubs his hands over his face, “It was easier to lose her than you,” he admits, barely above a whisper, for the first time.
As John removes his fingers and Sherlock senses him preparing to enter him, he stands swiftly. John looks confused and a bit worried for only a moment before Sherlock is kissing him and leading him to the floor.
Sherlock turned sharply towards him, “Don’t,” he stated, but it was practically a plea, his eyes filled with turmoil, “Don’t say anything you don’t mean or that we can’t come back from.”
you they were the same color,” John teases, fighting his own blush as he looks Sherlock in the eye reassuringly.
“Oh,” John said, removing his thigh rapidly and taking a step back, leaving Sherlock bereft of heat and John’s scent, “I thought you...I thought you wanted this.”
John moans quietly at the sight before him, his already incredibly hard cock pulsing at the trusting, submissive pose. It’s always like this: it starts off with John having every intention of taking this slow, worshiping him for
“They’ve already caused enough change here,” Mycroft continues, as though they don’t realize the full implications of keeping them. As if they actually plan to do so.
,” I whispered in return, my breath caressing his lips. We dared not speak the names louder for fear of discovery, but we needed the intimacy that the given names provided us, “It isn’t fair,” I spat.
. He was clearly interested that first night at Angelo’s and numerous other times in the first year and a half that they lived together. Nothing has been the same since Sherlock’s return, and he has never seen the same looks in John’s eyes as he used to. If anything, his time away opened Sherlock up to admitting how much he cares for John while at the same time John was trying to heal over the loss by pretending he never did.
John smiled brightly, turning them against the crowd and listening to the music. It had almost quietened to nothingness, with just a soft piano solo in the middle as the female singer swayed. When she began to sing again, the crowd began to applaud and John couldn't help it as he stepped onto his tiptoes and kissed Sherlock softly. Their lips had barely parted before John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and pulled his head down for another kiss, this one meaningful but not passionate. To anyone observing, it looked like a kiss between two people in love with each other, and when John pulled back, his cheeks flushed as he rested his forehead against Sherlock's, just enjoying the moment.
Mycroft helps get them in without hassle, though Major Barrymore isn’t at all pleased about it. Sherlock has managed to get 24 hours of unfettered access to the facility to run his experiment which causes Barrymore to get in to a pissing match with the detective.
“Now this is a familiar nicotine-deprived tantrum,” Watson muses, “I thought Sherlock had quit smoking in the first episode, though.”
John lifts his right hand, wanting nothing more in his exhausted, frustrated state than to smack his best friend in the face.
“Okay, okay I'm just – I was just checking,” John replied softly, kissing Sherlock's head, “If that's what you want...”
He does look down after saying the words, unable to look John in the eye and see his shock and disgust. The same fear that has kept him from deducing John’s feelings all along.
Suddenly, Holmes and Watson are even more grateful for the fact that they were able to come to an understanding that first night; that they were spared needing to go to these lengths to save one of the only things in their life
too, trust me,” John chuckled, “but our first time like this, I want to take it slow; show you how much I love you.”
“I believe our first inclination is most assuredly correct: these men were homosexuals; freaks,” Inspector Jones spit out disdainfully.
With a heavy groan and a herculean effort, John was able to gently remove himself from inside and on top of Sherlock before settling onto his side and dragging the lanky man close again.
Sherlock raised his head, licking his lips and then using his other hand to dry his chin of saliva before speaking, “May I taste your scrotum? I don’t want you to kick me in the head through surprise,” he smirked.
“Well, it’s clearly real,” Holmes says impatiently, “Now if you’d kindly leave so we can get on with it…” he trails off pointedly, but Lestrade doesn’t take the bait.
“Don’t you want to know what I figured out?” Sherlock called to him in disappointment. Catching a lead on a case - even a cold one - is only as pleasing as John’s reaction to it. Without that, what’s the point?
Watson looks at him with mirth, “We live in a flat owned by a woman who paradoxically claims not to be our housekeeper but spends every interaction acting like she is, we deal with dead bodies on an alarmingly regular basis, we order in most of our meals, and you often wander around the flat in nothing but a bed sheet. Tell me again how classy we are?”
“He changes the subject because John could easily answer that question but doesn’t want to encourage their thinking,” Holmes points out helpfully, “So do I snore, Watson? I’ve always wondered.”
The screen flashes a newspaper article before zooming in on the front of a courthouse. Holmes and Watson spare another moment to admire the artfulness with which Moriarty assembled his footage, as though it were not someone’s real life.
John rubs at his face before striding into Sherlock’s bedroom, picking up the bedding from the king-sized bed and bringing it back to the living room. Upon dumping it at Sherlock’s feet, John does the same with his own bedroom and the airing cupboard, finding every padded or warm item possible to build a makeshift den in the living room. Once returned to Sherlock’s side, John begins organising the fabrics until they have created an almost full-sized fort in the living room which can be climbed inside and closed up around them to conserve heat.
“The explosion must have been karma for his unwarranted strop,” Watson tries to lighten the mood, but Holmes merely hums in acknowledgement of the words.
Sherlock shakes his head and fights an affectionate smile, but his eyes glow with it, “You were rubbing your fingers over the freckle you prefer on my hand.”
After the rocky start, Sherlock turns suddenly very serious about how truly wonderful a man John is and that Mary deserves him. The sentiment sends that familiar sense of unease through both Holmes and Watson’s stomachs, though they still can’t place why. By the end of this portion, everyone is in tears as Sherlock attempts to move on to funny stories about John.
John allows his brows to bunch together and takes Sherlock’s hand again. Without being prompted, almost like John
So you have to understand that when I came back and realized how stupidly optimistic I had been in all of that – to have found you engaged to some fucking
After Sherlock hangs up with John, who called to tell him the news and warn him, he gets up and begins to prepare tea for two, then picks up his violin to play some Bach. Moriarty attempts to sneak up on Sherlock, but isn’t familiar with the tricky steps and where to avoid making a noise. Sherlock is cordial to the criminal, offering him tea, allowing him to have an apple, and offering him the use of John’s chair. Moriarty instead takes Sherlock’s.
John doesn’t comment on the video camera at the end of the bed, nor much of anything as he settles. He’s pretty exhausted and he doesn’t feel the need to pretend that he doesn’t understand Sherlock’s routine by now.
“Yeah, he was always a bit pickier when it came to men. Once he got his sights set on one, all other men disappeared for him,” Zach insinuates with a pointed look and a smirk.
Sherlock has fewer freckles the further down his body one gets, most of them being centered on his neck and shoulders, but John finds them efficiently. One kiss to each: the inner left thigh midway between groin and knee, two in a diagonal line at the very base of his right calf muscle, one on the outer arch of his left foot, and finally one in the middle of his fourth toe on the right foot.
“Sherlock!” He hissed, “Get into your room,” John rubbed his face and laughed, “Take your trousers off. Shirt too if you want. I’ll just…get some supplies and join you.”
“I feel like I might vomit,” Sherlock gagged, “Lestrade is allowing himself to be – defiled by my oaf of a brother. I thought he had sense…I thought he at least had
The hansom ride was silent as Holmes and I sat with a respectful distance between us, Inspector Lestrade facing opposite and clearly trying not to appear as though he were uneasy. It has been my suspicion for some time now that the Inspector is aware of the true nature of mine and Holmes’ relationship, but he has had the good grace to neither mention it nor refuse to request our services. Much like our dear Mrs. Hudson assuredly knows the truth and has not kicked us out of the flat; in fact, she seems rather more pleased than at the start of our acquaintance as her smiles have only grown fonder throughout the years.
There is a theory which states that whenever something is lost or misplaced (such as your keys), it has been transported to that same location in a different dimension. If it is not moved, after a time it will return to its proper dimension, which is why it is possible for you to find something in the exact spot you’ve already looked in and it will suddenly be there. The concept is a little fuzzy on what happens if the object is moved from the spot, but it is generally agreed upon that this is how possessions become lost forever.
“Come on,” he says gently, pushing Sherlock from him slightly, “make a quick trip to the loo, put the few remaining burnables on the fire, and then come back,” he walks him through the process only because he can tell that Sherlock is still a bit offline, “Yeah?”
Sherlock blinked sluggishly before wiping his mouth shyly with his hand. Stretching dramatically, Sherlock tensed his body and then looked up at John, “Hmm?”
When the older man’s eyes begin to close again, Sherlock rushes to ask, “John? Can I ask you just one question?”
Sherlock texts him on his way back towards town, asking him to interview Henry’s therapist, Dr. Mortimer. He even sends John a picture of her to entice him to go speak with her. Of course John does.
,” Sherlock stresses, “I’m going to see if my presence affects you in any way, even if I’m not sleeping, and also see if your presence affects my own sense of fatigue.”
“Dammit,” John swears, angry at having overlooked the signs that things had changed. He just kept remembering that conversation at Angelo’s where he said he wasn’t looking for anything.
My left hand clenched at my side at his tone, but I struggled to keep the offense I felt off of my face lest it arouse his suspicions. I saw Inspector Lestrade glance warily at me out of the corner of his eye before he chuckled half-heartedly and agreed, “Yes,” quite awkwardly.
Suddenly, Mrs. Hudson appears at the door with a client. Sherlock and John, as intoxicated as they are, keep dosing off on the couch as Tessa relays her story about having dinner with a ghost. She seems extremely unfazed by their lack of professionalism or consciousness. Bit odd, really.
His smile had not faltered, however, “And yet you have linked us to each other in the most undeniable way, where it’s only natural to mention us both if one mentions us at all: Holmes and Watson.”
Pushing the thoughts away, John finished his packing and carried the bags downstairs, knocking on Sherlock’s door, “Sherlock? Are you packed? Do you need a hand?”
There are more freckles on the left than the right. John starts with a kiss to the largest, on the top side of his wrist where his watch typically falls, visible now in the comfort of their home. Next is a smaller one diagonally down and to the right, closer to the thumb. One nearly midway up the forearm on the ulna side, almost invisible for its lightness and nearness to the outside of the bone. In quick succession, he kisses three that make up a small obtuse triangle before moving on to a lone one near the crease of his elbow. He places a loving, ceremonial kiss to the inside of this elbow, just as the other, and thanks a God he’s not entirely certain he believes in for Sherlock’s strength to overcome his past addiction.
With an uncontrollable smile, despite all that has transpired this night, John moves his hand just enough to interlace their fingers.
John falls off to his right side, pulling Sherlock with him so they’re still cuddled close as they fight to regain their breath, “That...was amazing,” John pants before kissing Sherlock hard.
I know you think I don’t understand what you went through while I was gone - how I hurt you so deeply over the span of those two years – but I assure you that we suffered the same. Knowing you were alive didn’t actually help me reconcile being away from you for so long, so I couldn’t comprehend how it would have helped you. For that I am sorry to you. For you having moved on, unable to continue grieving over me, I am sorry to myself.
Sherlock locked his ankles and pulled John deeper into himself, moaning wantonly at the feeling before panting, “You’re incredibly easy to read.”
Sherlock subconsciously shifts himself yet closer and in to a comfortable position - his head more on John’s pectoral than his shoulder, his left hand near his heart, and his legs entwined with John’s. He lets out another, larger, contented sigh and all is quiet. Not even a hint at a snore.
Sherlock couldn’t help the moan that escaped his throat as the pieces locked into place. As he squirmed back in John’s embrace, he felt John’s cock - still as hard and insistent since Sherlock’s orgasm - solid between them.
The client – Henry – is standing, stunned, in the hollow where his father died. The opening credits begin.
“What, by making him think they’re about to die?!” Watson is once more offended on behalf of his counterpart, “Jesus. Sherlock is almost worse at this friendship thing than you are!”
They watch in silence as the Secret Service come to retrieve Sherlock and a helicopter collects John. Both are taken to Buckingham Palace where John finds Sherlock – still clad in only a sheet – sitting on a couch.
He knows that he cannot keep laying here and watching John, dealing with his own depressing thoughts on the matter, so he carefully stands from the bed and makes his way to the living room. He takes a quick trip in to the loo before grabbing his violin and returning to the bedroom. He may not be able to sleep with John tonight, but he can use the failure to test out a new experiment idea anyway.
he corrects - feelings, “You know you’d do the same; I’d get far too bored and start causing trouble if you didn’t keep an eye on me.”
They’re sitting in a very old, small stone church with wooden pews and stained glass windows. They aren’t church people - what with Sherlock being too scientifically minded and John having fought in a war - but weddings are the exception. Or so John tells Sherlock.
“I’m glad you did,” Holmes whispers, eyes prickling with tears at the thought of nearly having lost his best friend, “Thank you,” he adds sincerely.
“I could deduce people to pass the time,” Sherlock offers quietly with a smirk, knowing John will not let him.
John checks for a radial pulse but finds none, his knees giving out from under him. They place Sherlock on a stretcher and remove him, John repeating variations of “God, no” over and over. The sniper packs away his gun.
My own stomach dropped at the implication as my companion’s face fell in to a hard mask of determination.
“Yes. I rather like that; maybe our Mrs. Hudson would let me switch to that nickname,” Holmes smiles.
“John, please,” Sherlock begged quietly, changing his own tactic, “I feel the build up of pleasure you described, just like a volcano, but I can’t make myself come.
The thing is, now that he’s certain that Sherlock loves him in return, there is no way he can stay with her until that time has come.
John laughed, great belly laughs that shook them both, “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, do you think that’s what I want to imagine, too? You shitting on my knob? No! But it’s easier to push down rather than tense up. That’s a fact. Now…push down and it’ll help.”
They watch as the “episode” comes to a close, Moriarty being hinted as being behind the entire thing, which they of course already knew.
They each grab the second disc that contains their name and head to their separate bedrooms with their laptops. They figured that if these other versions of themselves thought it best not to watch them together, then they should probably listen.
In a flash, John has taken Zach’s spot with an angry look, “What the hell? Was he flirting with you?” he asks as he glares back towards the table.
Rolling his eyes playfully, John took Sherlock’s hands and placed them on the top of his head, showing the detective the perfect position in which to guide his movements without choking him - something which Sherlock picked up with immediate effect, rocking and gently moving John’s head up and down.
The videos - presented as three separate series - were discovered in Moriarty’s possession once Sherlock and the government had finally caught up to him. It saved Sherlock from going on the probable suicide mission and leaving John, but at what emotional cost? Mary has been indicted as an accomplice to Moriarty and the baby has been proven to be his, not John’s. So a newly single John is back in 221B, but again: at what cost?
They continue their journey in to town and Sherlock flips his coat collar up as they walk. John shoots him a look. They walk in to a building and then there’s a flash over to Henry with his therapist, including flashbacks to his youth. Henry remembers the words “Liberty” and “In”, wondering what they could possibly mean.
John noses his way to the other side of Sherlock’s neck, as though he can’t bring himself to break contact with him for even a moment. Sherlock naturally rolls his head to the right to accommodate the move, eyes closed and mouth open in silent pleasure.
The honest, cutting words catch them both off guard for a moment. What John really wants is to hear Sherlock tell him that his own death was never the plan, but he knows it’s not something Sherlock can give him.
Sherlock is in the middle of rapidly deducing the mother/son pair to prove that he’s fine (the manic tone shatters his credibility on that matter more than a little) and then he’s uttering the words Holmes has been dreading hearing.
She laughs, “Not nearly recent enough to make the math work out for you to be the father. Were you just in denial?” She asks patronizingly with a smirk.
John pressed the palm of his left hand to his heart, trying in vain to ease the ache. It’s interesting, isn’t it, how they call it heartache even though it radiates through your entire body? Like the sorrow enters your heart and gets pumped to your extremities along with your blood, until it permeates every cell within you.
“Good,” John huffed, putting down the phone with a click of a button and then dropping his phone to the side, rubbing at his face tiredly.
John took Sherlock’s hand and pressed a kiss to the palm before beginning a walk to the bedroom, leading Sherlock behind him. There was a moment of hesitation before Sherlock cleared his throat and let go of John’s hand. Turning around sharply, John expected to find Sherlock saying he had changed his mind or he wasn’t ready, but what he found was a lanky detective bent in half, naked from the waist down and showing off his perfect arse and winking arsehole to the doctor.
From Sherlock’s bed in the dark room, the real John is wrestling with both of their bodies. Sherlock is practically frotting against him while he seemingly calls out to John on sinful moans, and John can’t quite bring himself to pull away from him as he rubs their hard cocks together.
John smiles up at Sherlock, who still appears entranced by John’s face, and says, “Yeah, so have we,” then turns back to Angelo and says sincerely, “Thank you.”
Sherlock looked like he was fishing some long-forgotten information from the very recesses of his mind palace, “Isn’t friends with benefits a thing? What’s that? Let’s do that.”
“You’re my friend. The only friend I’ve ever really had. You call me your best friend because you enjoy other people, but I detest everyone but you,” he whispers, still caught up in emotion but seemingly unable to stop the truth from escaping, “You’re kind and smart and so talented in so many things and you care about me, I know you do. I’m no good with emotions; my family isn’t big on touchy-feely declarations of love so I haven’t known…I never knew
The look in Sherlock’s eyes is uncertain and wary, scared that if they leave right now that John will claim the kiss never happened and that he doesn’t actually want Sherlock.
John shakes his head tiredly, “No, not this time,” sometimes he does, depending on how emotionally upsetting the nightmare was; other times he simply wants to go back to sleep. He’s always nervous that he may slip right back in to the nightmare where he had escaped, but it has only actually happened a handful of times.
John hadn’t even bothered getting undressed. He had simply pulled down his trousers to mid-thigh and pulled his shirt up to his neck to allow for the stripes of ejaculate which were bound to land across his belly.
“This is preposterous,” Holmes spits out as Sherlock shows up, “this is akin to those bloody Bond movies you enjoy making me watch.”
“Quite,” Mr. Holmes said sadly, “I often had to attend the school. Pick Sherlock up with a bloodied nose or split lip. Or after having food tipped over him. He was in a dreadful state, but we told him: you have to stay there, otherwise they'll win. They'll think what they said was true.”
“I was...well...I was...” Sherlock stammered, then cleared his throat, “I thought I might try that self-fellatio technique. Since we have now mastered masturbation.”
John smirks in triumph, his hands coming up to frame Sherlock’s face as he slowly moves his mouth yet closer. He stops when their lips just barely touch, a teasing caress that promises more but isn’t nearly enough, “I know you would,” he whispers before pulling back.
John, meanwhile, was clearing away the various objects from the kitchen table. He had an insane idea of actually eating at the table, but now was regretting his decision as he looked down at a beaker which seemed to be growing its own mutated lifeforms.
“How is it not working? Men were practically built to find any sexual contact directly to their cock sufficiently arousing,” John shot back.
Watson’s stomach drops. John is bored, missing the adventurous life he had before Mary. The life he had with Sherlock. It’s odd to think about how you – in a different dimension – can have such a drastically different life based on a few timeline changes.
Next scene all three men are heading to the hollow even though this is an awful plan. Because no one wants to look like a wimp for staying behind? Who knows.
Holmes doesn’t want to continue the conversation, because the next step of it is admitting that Sherlock and John are clearly attracted to each other, and he doesn’t want to face Watson’s negative reaction to the idea. He can’t stand to see the revulsion to the thought that John Watson could have a romantic interest in Sherlock Holmes; it very well may break him.
Sherlock and John look down at their suits reflexively, though they already know full well what they look like; they had had an argument about them when Sherlock first brought them home.
“I do,” John nodded, cupping Sherlock's cheek, “but it would still mean a lot to hear it. I'm not going to push; we have all the time in the world but I just thought tha --”
“There's a school reunion,” John continued, reading out a little part, “combined with a surprise retirement party for a Professor Ellis.”
We never cuddled when you had a girlfriend. It wasn’t anything we ever discussed – hell, we rarely ever even mentioned the fact that cuddling was a thing we did rather frequently – but it seemed proper not to confuse things in that way. But inevitably the relationships all ended and I would return to your arms when you’d call out.
“It’s too much,” Sherlock said immediately, seemingly unable to stop the words flying from his mouth.
Watson shrugs one shoulder, “Was kind of hard not to notice when one came in, and it seemed like an awful lot. My brain got curious to how many it exactly was.”
“Must I?” Sherlock grumbled, looking away, “You already know it…and I've never said it to anybody before. Surely you understand?”
“No you weren't; you were drowning it out with your caterwauling,” Sherlock grumbled as he took his seat at the table and sipped his coffee.
“You’re not curious?” Sherlock asks, but they both know that’s not the issue. The issue is…uncertainty. What could possibly be contained on these discs?
Holmes rolls his eyes, “As though ‘gay’ is a warped state of mind to be saved from?” He asks with scorn, “No, no need to be set straight.”
When he tackles her, her finger tightens reflexively and she ends up shooting just past his spine and in to the wall below the window. She regains her senses remarkably quick during the fall and instead turns to aim the gun at John.
Sherlock did as he was told and hissed at the cold gel before rubbing it in and relaxing into John’s embrace, “This is rather comfortable,” Sherlock hummed, nuzzling into John’s neck and rubbing his curls against John’s chin.
, but he can never seem to keep himself under control long enough. Oh, he’ll complete his map of each mark on Sherlock’s body, just a bit quicker on this plane of it. It helps that he doesn’t have as many on his back as the front.
Sherlock sighed, “John, before you begin having your tedious sexuality crisis, can you please help me with my protrusion?”
Watson falls gracelessly on to the couch, slouching in bewilderment and unable to wrap his brain around this situation.
Watson growls low in his throat, hand tightening on Holmes’ once more, “That’s it?” His face is set in an angry line, eyes looking betrayed.
Now that shock is taken care of, Molly tells him that he needs to control the bleeding. He doesn’t know how to go about doing that from inside his Mind Palace; it’s not like he can cauterize an actual wound from in there. Instead, he finds Moriarty chained in a padded cell. He scares Sherlock, who falls to the floor and begins to give up. Moriarty talks about how all negative emotions are good. Just feel them.
?” Holmes asks defensively, just as Sherlock does a few seconds afterward. Watson smirks in triumph, as if that proves some sort of point.
“Very easily could have been right, though. Truly, it was an adequate explanation of some of the facts.”
But instead they separate, agreeing to order some food since it is now nearly 3:30pm. They’ll continue the DVDs once it’s arrived.
John smiled genuinely, removing his hands from behind his head to reach for Sherlock’s face instead. He gently guided their mouths back together for a sweet kiss before assuring him, “I know.”
A swift kick to his left lower leg wakes him with a jolt and a hiss. “Shite,” John cusses, because Sherlock is apparently also a kicker in his sleep. By the power behind the action, John reasons that he might have missed his calling as a damn good football player at one point. John turns on to his right side, disgruntled, as he attempts to place as much space between them as possible.
Sherlock turned sharply towards him, “Don’t,” he stated, but it was practically a plea, his eyes filled with turmoil, “Don’t say anything you don’t mean or that we can’t come back from.”
Sherlock closes his mouth with a quiet grumble of discontent. A few seconds later he opens his mouth a third time, but John squeezes his leg yet harder and says, “Stop it now.”
It’s been a long while since they’ve had a case of real interest and excitement – of the “chasing criminals through the streets and staying one step ahead of danger” variety. The thrill of those cases always keeps the nightmares at bay, because his mind doesn’t need to relive the war to remember the adventure.
John finishes for him, raising a hand for a high five that he quickly corrects himself on with a shake of his head.
Sherlock moaned again, a mottled pink blush creeping over his chest and neck as he scrambled to remove his tight, warm boxer-briefs.
The train ride, besides being crowded, is uneventful. John sits near the window reading while Sherlock prefers the aisle to “people watch”.
Sherlock cautiously grabs John’s right hand in his left softly, as if uncertain that his touch will be welcomed, but he can’t seem to keep himself from touching the other man’s skin to reassure himself that he is alive, he is safe, he is here.
The woman in the car, strapped to the vest and speaking for Moriarty. Watson shifts again upon seeing the vest that he knows he’ll see on himself in too short a while. The gut instinct to turn away, driven by all of the mental trauma induced by Moriarty throughout their dealings with him, is powerful. It took years for Watson to stop dreaming of the incident at the pool and how it could easily have turned out for the worse, and he’s not honestly sure he can see it from this third-person perspective, even with Holmes begging him to.
“I said: wrong,” Holmes enunciated quite clearly as he gracefully stood from his crouched position next to the bodies and came to stand among us.
“It is what I mean,” Watson says with relief, glad he’s not the only one feeling it, “so what’s different?”
He stalls for time so that Lestrade can reach them before Mary can stop talking and take aim to kill him once and for all.
“Right,” John hesitated, losing a bit of his flirtatious confidence, “scoot forward a bit,” he said before moving to assist him. Sherlock turned his head - obviously confused - but John fixed him with a stare which kept him quiet and pliant as they jointly made space for John against the headboard behind Sherlock. Once settled, John pulled him backwards into the V of his legs so that Sherlock’s back rested against John’s naked front, “We’re going to work together on this. You’re going to deal with your...”
“This is pointless,” Sherlock grumbled as he pushed the lid of his laptop closed in frustration, “I’m not going to learn the intricacies of this by watching videos.”
John wakes suddenly at the admission, groggy enough at first for Sherlock to remove his hand from his cheek in alarm, but not quickly enough for him to feign sleep.
John opens his eyes, all sleepy and amused and content, and says, “You may have turned me down that first night at Angelo’s, but I’ll be damned if I’ve ever met a man who could draw my attention from you.”
“No,” Watson states easily, a steely resolve in his own blue gaze, “you never ask me again. From here on out understand this: you run,
“She's away at her sister’s, we talked about this,” John sighed, making the tea and returning to his chair where he handed Sherlock his cup and then began to sort through the mail. “Oh, there's one here for you.”
“Another example of you being cleverer than John; your idea of inputting all of Van Coon’s books in to a database on the computer and then using that to compare Lukis’ books to find overlapping ones was life-changing. There’s no way we could have gone through all those by hand and figured it out in time.”
. Also, not too fond of being reminded of Sebastian’s existence,” Watson bemoans. Sebastian, with his cocky attitude and looking down on Holmes always set him on edge. Same as he does now as they’re watching the “episode” play out.
Sherlock bites his lower lip as his eyes fall back to where they’re connected. He moves his arm away from John’s touch slowly before gently, with a quivering hand he would never admit to, lowering his left hand to John’s right. He startles slightly as John releases a content hum and moves a bit closer, somehow finding a way to intertwine their fingers in a way that isn’t entirely uncomfortable.
tasting Sherlock’s mouth. With a quiet moan of disappointment, John pulls back after a few short moments, but he can’t help but place a small peck to the lips in apology as he moves away.
“But the body…” John motions vaguely back up to the apartment, assuming he was going to stay with it to tell The Yard exactly what had happened.
John tosses the garments aside before moving up again to support his hands on the seat cushion to either side of Sherlock’s bare hips. He leans down and kisses the lone freckle along the defined line where shoulder meets torso before moving to the six freckles of varying size and pigment located on his chest and sternum, above his nipple line.
Watson’s eyes finally focus on him with confusion, excitement diminished but not entirely gone, “No what?”
John smiled widely and twisted their bodies so they were closer to his bedroom than the stairs. Pushing Sherlock through the doorway, John manhandled them until Sherlock was resting with his back to the wall and John’s strong, muscular thigh between his legs.
“Yeah,” John agrees, a bit disappointed. He wants to blurt out his feelings; grab his face and kiss him hard. It seemed so easy in his head as he allowed himself to imagine taking that final step, but reality is uncertain and Sherlock’s face gives nothing away in the cold light of the day.
Putting his cup down before he spilled it, John rubbed at his face and exhaled deeply, “It's...why are you looking at that? First of all, that's not...
“Yeah,” Watson agrees, “and no, I don’t understand why, since this never happened to me, as you are well aware.”
John’s left hand hesitantly raises to land on Sherlock’s hip as his eyes are drawn down to his cupid’s bow in wanting. He doesn’t even realise that he’s inching closer to that tempting mouth until he hears Sherlock whisper his name, the upward inflection of uncertainty at the end.
Sherlock demands to be given the phone, another difference from their own timeline. Holmes and Watson watch in confusion as he takes it over to the window. There’s a “flash back” to Sherlock rescuing Irene from her beheading and then he smiles as he places the phone in a desk drawer. The credits role.
What in the world could cause Sherlock to lie to him like that? John has had countless occasions throughout the years to watch Sherlock come across information that he had deleted (like the solar system) to make space for “more important” things (like 243 types of tobacco ash), and this hadn’t been like that at all. This was a lie. This was acting. This was
“Oh yes, because that’s what I want to do whilst having first time penetrative sex: imagine myself defecating.”
Cut to John – now with a moustache – standing at Sherlock’s grave again. Someone approaches and grabs his hand.
John started to pack the night before their trip, folding his clothes carefully and placing them into his overnight bag along with his toiletries and a book just in case they retired early. The suit that Sherlock had insisted on buying him hung on the wardrobe and John cast his eye over it. It was obviously expensive, a designer that John had never heard of but who had his very own boutique on a fancy street in Central London. John had stood nervously whilst a short Italian man took his measurements and hummed something to himself in his own language when he measured John’s inside leg. John was sure he heard Sherlock chuckling but he immediately pushed the thought away as he was given swatches of fabric to chose from. Deciding on a blue pinstripe suit with a colourful inside and a white shirt, Sherlock had paid with a flamboyant swipe of his debit card and they were told to collect it in a fortnight.
“Oh please,” Watson laughs, “like this wasn’t inevitable from the start,” he says of their fledgling relationship.
. It’s not that the nightmares are at all pleasant, because they are anything but, however they tend to leave more of a feeling of loss than of torment these days.
Mycroft ordered me on a case to Munich (dignitary drama or some such rubbish, I don’t even care to remember) and demanded that I fly there. I detest flying. What with the terminal gates, an excess of people, the high risk of contracting an airborne illness, and the potential for nearly a hundred things to go wrong, some would label it as a fear of flying. Okay, they’d be right: I have flight anxiety. But the case was time sensitive and they could not wait for me to take a train there instead.
There is complete silence in the entire restaurant as Sherlock and John simply stare at each other. John is trying to comprehend this sudden change of events, and Sherlock is subtly trying to urge him with just his eyes to make a choice quickly.
The next two nights, John is permitted to sleep alone in his own bed upstairs. He thinks that he should be more pleased with this fact than he actually is. In fact, it almost sets him with a bit of unease.
“I think you’re overestimating how much sleep I’m actually getting when we share a bed,” John counters defensively, “I’m the one who tells you what happens in the night, in case you’ve forgotten.”
John huffs a breath out through his nose in annoyance, “Alright. Well is there anything I need to do for this experiment?”
“You cannot be implying that they were in love,” Inspector Jones scoffed, raising the hackles of Holmes and myself, and I daresay those of Inspector Lestrade, as well.
“It simply took this different perspective for us to realize that our feelings were, in fact, mutual,” Holmes agrees.
With a quiet huff of air that might have tried to be a moan, John brings their lips back together desperately. Both sets of eyes close tight against the feeling of rightness and the hope that this one night is just the beginning of something wonderful, instead of the end of the possibility that it ever
“It was the most efficient way to get the cops there without wasting our time on the phone,” Holmes shrugs with a smile.
“Are you going to be on that all night? Aren’t you supposed to be sleeping?” John taunts tiredly. It was a long day at the surgery, and last night’s rest was still not quite enough to negate the sleep he failed to get during their most recent case.
She blinks some more and then reaches forward for the remote, pressing play and watching the Christmas party.
John withdraws from his lips slowly before moving his attention higher. He moves his left hand to Sherlock’s fringe, pushing it aside so that he can kiss the freckle between his hairline and right eye. Next is the more prominent one above his left eyebrow. John moves to Sherlock’s right ear where there’s a freckle near the top of his earlobe. Sherlock had no idea this one even existed before the first time John worshipped each mark. They don’t do this often, but Sherlock can admit - if only to himself - that he truly enjoys it. He loves the feeling of John relishing in locating and kissing each and every freckle, in the intimacy of his exploration. Before John, Sherlock never truly felt desirable.
“Sherlock?” Greg called out, stopping Sherlock in his tracks, “If you feel that way about John, you should tell him. He...there was…fuck it. It just might not be as unwelcome as you think.”
“John,” Sherlock gasps, clearly struggling to keep his voice at a low level past his mirth, “Please stop.”
Holmes doesn’t know what to say and, for once, wisely decides to say nothing at all. Instead, he raises a hand to guide his friend’s face towards his so that he has to look him in the eye, where he portrays all of his regrets and echoing sadness.
He opened the notebook to the first page and re-read his note. His scientific side had hated to waste the paper, but he felt it better than including a card that would most likely get lost or thrown away.
John leaned in and kissed Sherlock comfortingly. Sherlock was shocked by the act, anticipating that John would just go straight for his cock. This was another thing that he’d never properly experienced: a thorough, emotional kiss. Having John so close to him, kissing him like he
Sherlock figures it out and relays the message to Sholto that he was already stabbed hours ago through his belt. Sholto is ready to remove his belt and let fate take its course, but Sherlock stops him.
John blinked at Sherlock's quick refusal but nodded, “Okay, that's fine; I'll just leave it on the mantle if you want to look at it. It's not for another two months anyway, so you have plenty of time to try and remember.”
John thinks, leaning back against his chair that’s helping support the roof of their hideout, “There’s lots of types, some better than others.”
He sits on the floor - legs unable to support the weight of discovery, but himself unwilling to place himself so close to the man whose hand wrote these sentences. He knows it’s a vast breach of etiquette and trust, but he cannot stop himself from reading on.
Watson is silent for a few seconds before he looks down at his hands and asks quietly, “Is that how you felt about Mary?”
On screen, Sherlock is deducing the rough time at work that Kitty’s been having with increasing amounts of disdain. He ends with a scathing
grievously injured. I’ve hurt my wrist,” Sherlock admitted with a wince as he held his left arm up to show John, “I think it’s broken.”
“I have never felt anything like what I feel for you,” he admits, still with the veritaserum glazed-over look and sound.
“I know that,” Greg placated the younger man softly, “I know how much he means to you and I’m not trying to...seduce him or perv over him or anything.”
John leaned down and kissed him then, starting with his mouth but trailing slowly downwards: his neck, his nipples, his navel.
“You’ve already passed her along to the father, so I bet she’ll be just fine,” he says sarcastically, not believing that her ex, David, would really want to be solely responsible for the little life he helped create behind John’s back.
“I may have been accidentally leaving things in that exact spot and marking their progress,” Holmes admits a bit ashamedly.
?” Holmes asks, not entirely serious. Watson still flushes with affection at the knowledge that Holmes has memorized so many of the “ridiculous titles” he’s come up with throughout the years.
John smiled at the lyrics as he swayed with Sherlock, looking up and ignoring everybody else in the hall. The crowds melted away until it was just the two of them, sharing this tender moment.
The look on John’s face is a clear depiction of how stupid he deems Sherlock to be in this moment, sacrificing himself for her. It’s not her that he wants to be safe; it’s
John wakes up some time later on his right side and feeling overly warm. It takes him a second to realize the reason is Sherlock’s hand on his neck, keeping his body heat from escaping from the prominent pulse point. He grunts in aggravation as he shakes his upper body to dislodge the scalding hand. When that doesn’t help, he physically removes it and carelessly redirects it towards the other man’s own body. As he waits to cool enough to fall back asleep, he hears Sherlock make a small noise of discontent before he feels the hand resume its position on his neck.
Sherlock shrugs nonchalantly, “Nightmare must have taken more out of me than I originally figured,” he lies, hoping that John’s empathy will drop the conversation now that the nightmares have been brought up again. John notoriously avoids the subject, possibly worried that it will cause one to occur.
“John…” Sherlock starts in a panic, thinking that he’s done something wrong, but he’s struck dumb as John moves.
John was nervous, laying his feelings out like this to someone as inexperienced with a broad range of human emotions as Sherlock, but he knows people well and knows Sherlock even better than most. If the detective was completely uninterested, he would let him down gently again, just like that first night at Angelo’s.
About a week after sending the DVDs back to the other dimension, Holmes notices a post-it note on the corner of the coffee table that hadn’t been there previously.
Sherlock watched with rapt attention as John kissed his way down Sherlock’s chest, pausing just briefly at each of his nipples to kiss them before moving on. John kissed his navel before licking a stripe down to the tip of his cock and placing a soft kiss at the frenulum.
“No!” John shouted, clenching his fists at his sides, “This isn’t appropriate. Can you not just let this drop?!”
He falls to his knees, eyes that are filled with despair tracing the pattern on the rug beneath him. She steps yet closer.
“Yes, because by the time I got the job at the surgery, I was already dating Mary,” he says before he can even think it through.
“I’m so sorry,” John spluttered before laughing, noticing the thick stripe of come across Sherlock’s cheek, “I didn’t expect it to reach that far.”
John’s eyes harden and Sherlock exhales deeply through his nose, not wanting to give in to the pull to submit to this man; doesn’t want to admit his thought process that will surely bring John guilt.
They simply stare at each other, exchanging light kisses for awhile until John yawns. They’re suddenly very aware that it’s still the middle of the night.
It was chaste - if such a forbidden action can be considered such - and over far sooner than either of us would have preferred, I like to think. We separated and stared cautiously into each other’s eyes, judging whether the other deemed it a mistake.
And despite what he just saw on screen, Watson’s heart swells and he smiles. Holmes’ eyes make their way back to his from his lips with confusion. Then it’s Holmes’ turn to experience the revelation that Watson loves him in return. His eyes have never been good at hiding anything, but right now it appears that Watson isn’t even
His original, admittedly-not-very-thoroughly-thought-out plan was to stop touching himself when he heard Sherlock seeing to the fire, but he didn’t end up hearing that at all. What he
“Don’t start making assumptions about me and your brother like others do about Sherlock and John,” he chides lightly.
Sherlock’s mind palace races as he combines facts that seemed to be completely separate from each other until this moment. Mycroft receives a message from Moriarty cluing him in to the fact that their Bond Air plan has been discovered.
“Are you wearing jeans?” John asks before he can think about how it would sound: like he had been checking out Sherlock’s arse. Well, he
John accompanies Sherlock back to Baker Street from the tarmac while Mycroft escorts Mary back to their home to rest. John is of course concerned about Sherlock having overdosed himself, and Sherlock is of course ignoring that and remorselessly allowing his mind to move quickly through the evidence to discover his own next step in regards to the Moriarty conundrum.
Watson can’t help the flare of jealousy in his gut at the thought, then tamps it down because the man is dead, dammit!
“Take it,” John was chanting, coming unhinged and mindless in his pleasure, “Take it, that’s it, so good. So clever. My detective.”
Watson leans forward, placing his elbows on his knees and his hands over his mouth, “Oh my God,” he whispers in horror.
When they get up to their room, John commandeers the bathroom first before lying on his left side, settling snuggly under the covers of his bed. There’s a glass of water and a bottle of paracetamol on the bedside table, and he’s valiantly attempting to stay awake, even as his eyes close. When Sherlock exits the bathroom, he hesitates awkwardly at the foot of the beds.
While Sherlock is away, John gratefully curls himself fully back under the heavy blanket they had been using. As his body warms back up and he thinks about bringing Sherlock to a completely unexpected orgasm, his cock begins to stiffen again. He sighs, biting his lower lip, as he moves his left hand to rub himself through his pants.
“And what about you, Sherlock?” Zach asks brazenly, “famous detective like yourself, you must get loads of attention. So which is it then: guys or girls? Or both?” He finishes asking with a barely hidden interested leer.
Greg is in front of a room full of people, thanking Sherlock (and John) for their services to helping catch a high interest criminal that’s been at large since 1982. Greg walks over and hands Sherlock a present: a deerstalker. Sally Donovan and Philip Anderson can’t quite contain their glee at the sight of him placing it on his head at John’s demand. He forces a smile.
John finds Sherlock at St. Bart’s simply sitting in a lab. They discuss where the key code may be hidden in 221B and Sherlock remembers the fingers of Moriarty’s hand tapping out a code on his knee. He texts Moriarty to meet him at St. Bart’s while John is turned away.
“Uh uh,” John negates with a raising of his left hand and a smile, “you challenged and you do not have the highest ranking coin on the table, so you owe Sherlock a drink.”
John stands from the floor, journal still firmly in his left hand, and walks to Sherlock’s bed. His heart aches with pure affection for this man who has gone through so much for John, all while allowing people to refer to him as a high-functioning sociopath. He still has no idea why Sherlock is the way he is - if he was born this way or someone made him this way - but he loves him all the same.
