A greasy taint of nausea curled in his throat, and he swallowed it down, forcing himself to remain motionless as he took stock of his situation. His arms were bound with what felt like zip ties, locked behind his back and tethered at wrist, elbow and bicep, reducing any chance he may have of freeing himself by brute force. His legs, however, remained unbound: a fact he could possibly use to his advantage.
Embers glowed in the grate of Baker Street, lending the room a carmine glow. It bled through everything, blurring the outlines of familiar surroundings. Something whispered, a lullaby on the edge of his hearing as a soft, warm weight draped over his frame. Agile hands tucked the blanket in around him: John, taking care of him as always.
'Problem?' he asked at last, smirking when Mary shot him a spiteful look over her shoulder. 'Of course there is. Probably more than one. You got out of London to give yourself space, hoping that, by the time the splinter group realised you were missing, you would already have the file. Either my brother was less cooperative than you thought, or your so-called allies were quick off the mark. I am guessing it was the latter. You had to know Mycroft would cause difficulties. Tell me, did you not notice the fact that the splinter group were running out of patience, or did you simply reassure yourself it wouldn't matter?'
'You're not here for a bout, not with that sword. You think you can do to me what you did to Millie. Perhaps you think that, without me, the case will remain unsolved and you will get away with it?'
'Time he doesn't have,' John retorted, wincing as the medic began to clean the wound on his head, as well as various other scrapes. He would be grateful for the fact he was still alive later. Right now, he could barely think around the oppressive concern over Sherlock's safety. 'She knew I was useless,' he realised. 'She knew that if she wanted her bloody file, she'd need to get to Sherlock.'
‘Shut it, bird-brain.’
He tried not to flinch when Sherlock grabbed his wrist, hanging onto it like a drowning man grasping a lifeline. Dark lashes blinked, and the gloss of sweat on Sherlock’s upper lip only added to his febrile appearance. In all their years as friends and flatmates, John could not remember seeing quite so visceral a reaction. Especially not to a crime scene that seemed perfectly ordinary.
He sighed, leaning back in his chair as his thoughts swirled: a tempestuous cacophony of anger and doubt, resentment and hope. God, he didn't want to do this. In some ways, it felt like giving up – like acknowledging that no matter how hard he tried, there was no escaping Sherlock's presence. Still, there was more to this than his personal feelings. Someone was watching him, watching
John listened with half an ear as she carried on answering Sherlock's questions, his gaze roving the shelves and picking out book titles. Most of them seemed to be historical, some neat and upright, others stacked on top of their brothers as if they were frequently studied. Trinkets gleamed here and there in front of the books: a few old nautical instruments and one or two geodes, but nothing leapt out at John as unusual.
John held his breath, his lips pursed as he shifted closer, leaning over Sherlock's shoulder. They were almost close enough to touch, intent on the woman before them. Neither one of them said a word. John had seen how Sherlock worked often enough to know how it went. Sometimes, silence was the best path forward, as the suspect invariably tried to fill it.
'As always, John, you are the master of understatement.' Sherlock's arms tightened: lithe bands around John's body that penned in his boundaries, making him feel less like he was falling apart. A moment later, Sherlock stood back, and John got a good look into the pallor of his face.
Sherlock grinned into John’s kiss, losing himself to the warmth and passion of the man who shared his life. He may be at ease on London’s rooftops, but here, right here?
'You'll fall flat on your face. Don't argue. It won't work.'
Sherlock accepted it with a nod, checking the clip before getting to his knees, bracing his shoulder and his good leg beneath him to take the strain off his trembling thigh. John noticed his discomfort. He could feel the concern radiating from him, but there was nothing either of them could do. There would be time later for mopping up blood and salving wounds to bodies, hearts and minds. At least, so Sherlock hoped. The alternative did not bear thinking about.
'There is someone who may be able to provide some answers. Someone they cannot reach, but we can.' He grinned, quick and feral. 'Vivian Norbury.'
Perhaps what surprised Sherlock most was his complete lack of an emotional response. A week ago, he would have been exuberant, a man touched with a live wire at the thought of Moriarty's convoluted plans. Now, he could only stare, his heart leaden and sluggish in its beat. What was the point of playing the Game when he had already lost the only thing that mattered?
'Shit.'
'Yeah. They're not aiming at me. They've got a sniper targeting our rotor and fuel tanks.'
'It's the least I could do,' Sherlock murmured. 'As soon as you said you were being followed, I looked into our options. It was a quick hack.' He let out a shuddering sigh, closing his eyes and rubbing a finger down the bridge of his nose. 'John, you have to know this is only a temporary reprieve. They will try again, and this failure may even make them more desperate – more dangerous.'
John laughed, holding out a hand and dragging a reluctant Sherlock to his feet before nudging him towards the bedroom. ‘Go on, get some rest. It’s a stinking cold, but you can’t go to any crime scenes like that. You’re a walking, talking contamination risk right now.’
'Ah, that's the stuff,' Greg groaned, shovelling a forkful into his mouth with cheap, plastic cutlery. 'Hits the spot.'
‘Ragnarök? The end of the world?’ John cleared his throat, giving his head a tiny shake. ‘Bit dramatic, don’t you think? Mary wasn’t that bad.’
‘Strep infection,’ John said at last. ‘I’d swab your throat to confirm, but the rash is a giveaway. Bacterial, not viral. You’d need a short course of antibiotics, and you’d get them, too, they’ve not clamped down so hard on antibiotic use yet that they’re denying it to valid cases.’
‘Say something?’ he urged, nudging Sherlock’s knee with his toe. If he was honest, Sherlock’s chilling, calm silence was more worrying that his erstwhile attacker.
Sherlock shook his head. In his mind, John had nothing to apologise for, but he still watched Sherlock as if the survival of his whole world depended on the next few moments. He placed the power of absolution, and with it, the course of their future, firmly in Sherlock’s hands.
'Yes.'
For this, John listened. Caring about his own health seemed both unnecessary and unwarranted, but Sherlock was a master of neglect, and John refused to let that happen. He would not have Sherlock survive Mary's efforts only to die from some preventable complication.
It was tempting to barricade it, but common sense stayed his hand. Dealing with one or two invaders creeping in from downstairs would not be an issue, but they had no guarantee that any attackers would be so discreet. For all he knew they could face an assault force. If their only option was to escape, then John did not wish to cut off one of the few ways out of the flat. Not when it could very well cost them their lives.
‘This arrangement –’ Mycroft indicated Baker Street and the comfortable sprawl of their co-existence. ‘—it may not always be enough, for either of you. Sooner or later, you may want to consider the future. One with John in a more… permanent capacity.’
John frowned, deciding that was Sherlock's way of saying that he hated not being in the thick of it. He could relate. As much as the safe-house had offered them sanctuary, it had chafed not to be in London, ready and waiting to react to things as and when they happened.
Over time, the memory grew thin with age, but it lingered on, bringing a faint, fond smile to the lips of the Holmes brothers whenever it crossed their minds. An oasis of reminiscence amidst the chaos of London, and a memory of the children they once were.
The world went to hell, and John Watson went with it.
The fragrant steam of his drink rose from the rim of the mug, caressing his cheek as he took a cautious sip. The strong, bitter flavour swept aside the last cobwebs, making him feel something like human as he turned towards where Sherlock had left various files strewn around.
'That could change. Watch out for yourself.'
‘Yes. I know.’ The slice went from above his eyebrow to his jaw, skipping his eye socket thanks to the sharpness of his cheekbone. ‘What have you got for me?’
John's instincts sparked to life, any trace of fatigue vanishing beneath the surge of adrenaline. It had not been an idle question. He had rarely heard Sherlock sound so serious towards anyone but himself. He sounded exactly the same way as he did when he was checking John over after someone had dared throw a punch in his direction: that baritone fierce and lethal.
'Yes. I'll tell you every day until you believe it, if that's what you need. I mean it. I should've said something a long time ago.'
Perhaps it was no coincidence that John’s wardrobe was more of armoire, the roots of its name seated deeply in the truth of it. To the untrained eye it may be nothing but a place for John to keep his clothes, but Sherlock saw it differently. Those jumpers and jeans, shirts and boots were far more than any kind of fashion statement.
'It's about Mycroft Holmes giving me what I want.'
Sherlock looked up at the metal scrap John had positioned, seeing the ghostly, blurred forms within it. The outlines bled and ran together like spilt paint, but there was enough distinction to make out that there were two figures on the approach. He tried to discern the sound of their boot-steps on the old, cracked concrete, but nothing reached his ears, not even the chime of loose equipment. They moved with the balanced grace that came with intense training, and Sherlock shifted his grip on the gun.
John shrugged, stepping closer to the body and moving the sheet to get a better look at the wounds. 'I assumed she'd put it back on one of the racks before she was attacked.'
'Do you think I've come so far without learning a thing or two, like how much pain I can inflict on a person before I kill them?' Her lips pulled into a moue of false sympathy. 'Don't you see, Sherlock? This could be just the beginning.'
Gradually, the world grew blurred at its edges, his body tempted towards rest by the steady whisper of John's breathing and his warm presence at Sherlock's side. It was not the deep darkness of oblivion, but a hazy, unfocussed doze where reality never slipped entirely from his awareness. At least, that's what it felt like. Such impressions could be deceiving, however, because when the buzz of John's phone jolted them both awake, dawn's light streamed in the windows and London's rush hour had already begun.
‘You look more tired than me!’
He had Sherlock, and somehow, that made him feel like he could get through anything.
‘It’s sharp,’ Sherlock shrugged, as if that explained everything,’ and since she refuses to wear shoes…’
A play mat caught his attention, and he picked it up, chattering to Rosie as he detoured back downstairs to the living room. Once she was settled on the soft fabric, giggling at the hanging felt toys and flashing lights above her, he turned towards the bags he'd brought. John kept one eye on Rosie as he sorted through what they had and came to terms with the things he'd forgotten.
Blending in was the idea behind John’s choices. A civilian he may be, but he still wore a uniform of his own making. Urban camouflage to slip unnoticed through London’s streets.
The shrill ring of his phone cut through the air. Everyone jumped at the noise, twitching where they sat, and John dug in his pocket, pulling it free with a shaking hand.
They dangled from the lampshade like underwear discarded in a fit of passion and festooned various picture frames. He could barely see the carpet for them: a veritable rainbow of plush dice roughly the size of his fist, tethered in pairs.
‘Well, thank god he didn’t do his research, then.’ John finished his tea, setting aside his mug with a clank. ‘It was bad enough as it was. Hearing voices. Paranoia. Throwing up in the wastepaper basket…’ He shook his head. ‘I felt sorry for him more than anything. Oh, he’ll be all right, and he’ll probably never eat anything with nutmeg in it ever again, but…’
‘Go on then.’
He should have known that this – whatever had just happened – had its roots in the time they had been apart. Those long months after the Fall. It was a hole in his knowledge of Sherlock. They never spoke of it. At first, because John had not wanted to hear it – had not cared about the fun Sherlock had while he grieved so ferociously he thought he might die. Then later, it seemed pointless, like picking at old wounds – doomed to only hurt them both.
Once, perhaps, Sherlock might have resented John's efforts to contain him – to prevent him from solving this problem alone – but that was no longer his desire. Nor, he knew, was it a matter of trust. There was only so much faith John had to give, and those slender resources had been severely diminished by Mary's presence and her actions. What John needed now was reassurance and certainty, and it cost Sherlock nothing to provide it.
His knuckles cramped, itching to tighten around the slender neck of the violin. It would snap. Only that knowledge offered any restraint, and he set the instrument back in its case. A casual observer might have noted his reverence and thought it charming.
'You're bloody right I do. There's a place just up around the corner if you want one too. My treat?'
The glass wall behind Sherlock meant John could see the room in the ghostly reflections. Now and then, one of Dimmock’s guys would come and take another student, no doubt to gather their statement before releasing them back to the university at large. Several of the girls were crying into their sleeves. The boys looked grim and baffled, as if their neat, safe world had been ripped apart. Even the few studying were struggling to concentrate, chewing pens or scrubbing at their eyes.
Sherlock’s mind churned with possible outcomes, none of which were likely to leave him or John unscathed. 'Either way, we will need my brother's assistance. That is how we will proceed. He has a vested interest in not only the file, but in what becomes of Harmattan. Mycroft has the resources and, I suspect, the inclination to neutralise the splinter group. Their break from the main faction has left them vulnerable. It is my intention to ask him to focus his efforts on removing them from the equation while you and I contend with Mary.'
This had happened before, more than once, and John swallowed, nuzzling into the curls atop Sherlock's head as he took deep breaths, remembering the kind guidance of his therapist. Pushing the feelings aside would do nobody any good in the long run. They would show up at the most inconvenient moments, like now. He had no choice but to acknowledge them for what they were: lingering echoes of his guilt and grief making themselves known anew.
'Perhaps,' he conceded at last, 'but these files suggest otherwise.' He skimmed a fingertip down the blank, white margin of the dense type, tapping it twice in quick consideration before he pulled the stool at his side outwards and gestured for John to sit.
'The shine wears off the bath when you live with Sherlock,' John warned. 'He does experiments in it. With entrails.'
'Even if we had found it and questioned her, Mary would have had excuses ready. Ones that, in the end, she didn't need. No, they've been designed to be deciphered only by Mary herself or the truly determined.'
His voice, low and far calmer than he felt, spilled from his lips, issuing every reassurance he could offer. He could not be certain where John's dreams had taken him, but back to Afghanistan's bloodshed was a distinct possibility. John's PTSD remained a very real prospect, one that the virus could exacerbate with hallucinations.
He blinked, looking up to see Sherlock in the doorway. He lingered on the threshold as if uncertain of his welcome. He had been so lost in his musings that John had not even heard him approach. Now he struggled to muster a smile: a comforting reassurance that was nothing but a lie. 'I'm fine.' Sherlock's expression of disbelief was almost funny, and John sighed, double-checking Rosie was comfortable before scrambling to his feet. 'Are you ready?'
Only the homeless people near his work hinted otherwise. It was always someone different, practically invisible in their nest of blankets, dossed down in a doorway or up by the shops on the corner, cup in hand. If he met their eyes, they'd give him a nod of acknowledgement, nothing more. He was not their concern. They watched the watchers.
Mary gave him a look of blatant disbelief, her lips quivering around a sneer before she realised she had no choice. Sherlock wondered what she had expected. Not this, he would wager. Perhaps she had hoped for relief and joy, something that would allow her to claim the advantage. Instead, she came upon the wall of John's anger and the controlled bite of Sherlock's annoyance.
. A suitable punishment. Why should she be left alive when Mary was dead? Why should she, of everyone who had suffered through the mess at Tbisi, be the one to cling to her worthless existence?
The answer came like a gunshot, quick and brutal.
Climbing the fence, Sherlock strode through the shadows, counting a hundred paces before he stripped off his hoodie and tied it around his waist. The cool morning air raised gooseflesh on his bare forearms, and the thin t-shirt he wore did little to block out the playful breeze that chased him along the road.
'Just let me know if you need anything else,' she pleaded. 'Or if not me, then Inspector Lestrade or Mrs Hudson. We're all here for you, John. You and Rosie, all right?'
'As far as I've been able to ascertain, they imply that letters should be skipped within words.’ Sherlock clicked the pen, frowning in thought. ‘So here we have the number 465.6 written in red.’
With quick steps, Sherlock strode back through to the kitchen where the files and photographs awaited him. He had printed out images of the pictures he had taken in the hideout, enlarging key details to give him as much information as possible. Translating the Greek documents was a slower endeavour, and one he now gave his full attention. This, at least, was something he could do; a way to be helpful when it felt as if life were rapidly spinning beyond his control.
This time, neither John nor the commander questioned him. They moved with competent haste, and Sherlock turned away from them, keeping his gun up at their rear as he followed on behind.
'I can't be sure. So far, they seem to have decided that she's irrelevant: a common misconception when it comes to Molly Hooper. However, as someone who watched over Rosie when you were unavailable, there's no denying she is on their radar. Her saving grace is that Harmattan do not consider her relevant to their situation, not even as bait for a trap.'
John jumped, whirling around to see Greg backing up from some sort of cage. His torch beam skittered across the wall, dancing in his shaking hand.
She clattered away, practically skipping, and John fought against a groan. They’d be at Battersea Dog’s Home within the week, he was sure. Perhaps he should be more aggravated at that, but when it came down to it, he couldn’t bring himself to be annoyed.
‘Shagged?’
Sherlock raised his hands, palms splayed outwards in universal surrender as John swung the barrel in his direction. Every breath was a ragged pant: a sharp huff, like he had run a marathon. Dizziness spun the world in a carousel, but he wouldn’t let himself crumble. Not now.
'Precisely.' He reached out for some toast, pretending to be absorbed in spreading jam as his thoughts whirled. Such easy capitulation on John's part had to carry some meaning, didn't it? If John were eager to reclaim his space, he would have done so. Instead, he'd appeared reluctant to depart and prompt to accept any reason to stay.
‘Sherlock?’
Yet he didn't care about himself. How could he, when the same woman from the park could be seen more than a dozen paces behind, slipping past someone walking their dog? She had turned her face a fraction, perhaps assessing the other passers-by, and John's heart sank as he stared at the line of her profile.
She huffed a laugh. 'You know, I almost believe you. Almost. But you see, for that, I'd have to untie you, and that is never going to happen.' She shook her head, turning back to the computer. 'Nice try, Sherlock, but I work alone. I think it's time we hurried things along a bit. Don't you?'
‘Defiance?’ John suggested with a shrug. ‘An “up yours” to the lot of us?’
Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his lips, his shoulders rigid as he watched John over their peak. 'I have been in touch with some contacts of mine: denizens of the dark web. I charged them with monitoring information on O Dio.’
Over the next few days, the tears came. Not in a great flood, like they had with Sherlock, cleaving him in two with their ferocity. They leaked out of him in quiet moments: silent, solemn things.
'Then next time, Mycroft, I'll aim between his eyes.'
When it came down to it, John knew there were a hundred and one ways to intoxicate the human body. People didn’t need cocaine or heroin and the like to get high. Black market drugs were just more efficient and, sometimes at least, easier to predict.
'What hurts?' Strong hands rested on his shoulders, and John peeled his eyes open to give Sherlock a half-hearted glare. In truth, he'd not even noticed he'd shut them. Now, Sherlock had got too close, the casual intimacy of it all the more jarring after having the message of "six feet apart" drummed into them for bloody weeks.
'And the paramedics?'
That morning, in the cramped little kitchen of Baker Street, they both began to heal.
'If we approach from different directions, they would struggle to shoot all of us at once.' Sherlock grimaced at the coldness of his own conclusion. 'I suspect the pilot has joined his comrades in their assault on the CCTV command centre. They are, in all likelihood, fixated on their target.'
He reached out, his fingers trembling around the fragile stem as he raised a glass in silent, solitary toast.
Mycroft was a master of strategy, and he understood how to turn everything to his advantage. They both knew the debilitating effects of uncertainty. Nothing shook up an opponent more than the belief that they had somehow miscalculated. Explosives were a dangerous, unpredictable tool, easy to misjudge. If he were Mycroft, he would do what he could to unsettle her, including implying that she'd made a mistake and John had paid for it with his life. Whether she believed it or not was immaterial. The seed of doubt had been planted: that was what Mycroft intended.
'People will adapt,' he murmured, knowing it could offer no solace to those individuals whose lives would be forever changed. 'But yes. There will be far-reaching consequences, in the health-service and beyond.'
Sherlock's voice echoed in his head: the brief phone-call all the information he had to go on. There had been no opportunity to argue; Sherlock hung up before he could get a word in. If not for Rosie, he might have refused – might have left the dark car idling at the kerb all day – but her safety over-ruled his stubbornness and pride. They couldn't stay where they were, and if Mycroft could smuggle them out from under their watchers' constant vigilance, then he would take the chance and be grateful.
He remembered when Sherlock had died, how for so many months any tall man in a dark coat had been him. A glimpse of shadow in the corner of his eye had John chasing strangers down the street, desperate to find the friend he had lost. That's all this was: him seeing the impossibly familiar. That couldn't be Mary watching him and Rosie more than three weeks after he'd buried her ashes in the cold ground.
‘Beautiful.’ John’s tanned hand skimmed up his waist, and he leant in to press a kiss to the curve of Sherlock’s shoulder.
'You took my other gun, Sherlock. I work with what I have. Now move.'
'There are three phases. The first: Norbury. She had become a liability, too closely involved with the British government. Her presence made Harmattan nervous and reduced your selling power when it came to meeting their needs. Secondly, some members of Harmattan started to exert an uncomfortable amount of pressure on you. Making demands, perhaps, which you could not meet. You had taken steps away from your elicit trade since breaking from AGRA, but never stopped it entirely. That kind of income is hard to give up. After all, the future is unpredictable. Who knew when you might need to revert to your old ways?'
At least he still had his Sig. It was one of the few things he'd thought to bring with him when he and Rosie fled. Now it remained, locked safely in its case in the boot. Part of him longed to have it at his side, but there was too much risk of discovery. Besides, if Sherlock was right then they were unlikely to be in any danger until they found their way back to London. Here, speeding along the M6, they were just one car among many: made anonymous by the thronging traffic.
Taking a steadying breath, John got dressed in the clean clothes he'd brought into the bathroom with him, finding strength in tough denim and the familiar weight of his jumper.
But if not Moriarty, then who?
That had been the stumbling block: the unravelling of her plan. Had she taken that into account when she created this code? Had she written it with Sherlock in mind, or was this a relic from her time before, when she had been attempting to confound others of less intelligence and tenacity?
Mary had been prepared for her death, adequately so to leave Sherlock a message on a DVD, yet none of it had hinted at what John would have to face as a result of her actions in life. She had offered not even the smallest hint that her history would continue to cast its long shadow over the future of the husband and daughter she claimed to love more than anything else. The more Sherlock dwelt on that oversight, the more he wondered what Mary's true motives had been.
John's hand cupped Sherlock's jaw, changing the angle and deepening the kiss as he pressed closer, seeking physical connection and comfort that Sherlock was happy to give. He slipped a tentative arm around John's waist, his fingers trailing over the wool of his jumper and clinging to the strong planes of John's back. He revelled in the feel of him and the potential that bloomed all around them.
He’d bitten off more than he could chew. He’d gone after something, someone, thinking he would have the upper hand, and got it wrong. Not that John was any better. He’d been living with Sherlock for months! Living with – with –
'We intend to find out.' Anthea got to her feet, inclining her head in quick farewell. 'Remember, ninety seconds, Doctor Watson.'
‘Positive.’ Lestrade pinched the bridge of his nose. ‘This is her home. CCTV saw her entering yesterday with some shopping. No family. No pets. They reported her missing when she didn’t show up for work this morning.’
'And the others?'
'Sir...' The commander’s voice carried a note of urgency. Clearly, the day was far from at an end, and Sherlock grimaced as he hobbled to his feet.
'I intend to observe. Ask people questions and they'll give you the answers they think you want to hear. Winters just spent half an hour doing it. I would rather have the truth, and I doubt I'll find it by talking to anyone.'
John winced at the hard ice that cracked around those words. Sherlock had been protective before, but in an absent-minded way. Since they’d become more than friends and flatmates, that instinct had honed itself into something brutal. Not that John was any better. If the situation were reversed, he’d be just the same. Hell, he still had nightmares about some of Sherlock’s close calls.
'I lock it up when I go. The kids on this list have access keys.' He dug into his pocket again and handed John a card with "Visitor" stamped bold across its face. 'This is for you, in case you need to stay after I've gone, have a look around, that kind of thing. It'll only work for twenty-four hours though, and only on this campus.'
They had emerged in the lee of a concrete dome: one of the bunkers, if he had to guess. It was on the edge of the airfield, away from the primary targets of any of the missiles, but still close enough for staff to reach should the need ever arise. The days of the war were past, but even as John peered around, he could see what Mycroft meant. At first glance, the place was abandoned, but here and there small signs of life told the truth: the gleam of new hinges on a nearby door and occasional repairs. Was it Mary's handiwork, or did someone, somewhere, still tend to this place?
'And where there are sewers,' the commander said with a grim smile that etched crow's feet around her eyes. 'there's access. It won't be central, but it will be closer than we can get by road without being seen.'
John watched Sherlock, noting the furrow of his brow and the wrinkle of his nose. 'Only if you swear to me not to use it for political advantage. You cannot deny the conflict of interest.'
A shadow in the stairwell made his heart shudder. His tongue stuck to the roof of his dry mouth as he pulled back from the threshold. He'd been too slow, and now he and Rosie were trapped, cut-off and with no way out.
The minutes inched by, measured in racing heartbeats and nerves stretched to breaking point. Moments crawled past before the commander spoke, her voice little more than an outline of breath in the air. 'Movement.'
And then there was Mary herself. There was every chance that she would find them first. The thought made John's blood boil. Would he have the strength not to lash out at her if she did? Worse, he was not sure he would feel guilt for doing so.
‘Been chasing Sherlock around all day. My feet are killing me.’ He wriggled his toes inside his boots, feeling his joints grumble back at him.
John's stomach twisted, coiling itself in knots as emotion set up a hasty commute between his chest and his belly button. In all the chaos, he had forgotten that the splinter group had torched the home he and Mary had shared. At the time, it had felt like a crippling blow. Now he looked at it and wondered if it was a blessed severance: a way to bury the lie of their marriage at Mary's side.
'And –' There was the sudden sound of a hasty squabble for the phone. He raised his eyebrows before Molly's familiar voice came on the line.
Just like that, the waiting game was over.
Turning into Baker Street felt like coming to the end of a long voyage, and John clenched his hand over his aching thigh before he climbed out of the car and retrieved the crutches. Sherlock glared as if they were poisonous snakes but reluctantly made use of them as John unlocked the door and stepped into the front hall. The stairs were a trial for them both, and by the time they stumbled into 221B, John felt ready to crawl into bed and never, ever come out again.
A swift look around the room sent his mind spinning in a dozen different directions, outlining both reassurances and possibilities. The ratty, industrial carpet meant there was no veneer of dust on the floor, so no footprints gave away their presence. John's point about the windows held true. They were set high in the walls, offering neither a view into the building nor a clear line of sight out at ground level. They would have to rely on other indicators to alert them of any approaching threats.
'I know. It's just...' He shrugged, putting a large ready-meal in the microwave and setting the timer. 'It all felt so out of my control. Like I had no say in what was going to happen until right at the end, and even then –' John sucked in a breath, feeling the certainty of his decision wash over him anew. Between Mary and Sherlock, there had been no contest.
They had needed each other. A simple equation of requiring a room and wanting a flatmate. Yet even then Sherlock had sensed the indefinable potential of the man who stood before him, leaning on his cane and watching him with a solemn, shielded, sharp kind of gaze.
He pressed his brow against the cold, slick tiles, his jaw clenched tight enough that his teeth ached. Back in the army, one of his COs had often repeated the phrase "the only way out is through." They weren't just talking about battlefields and hostage situations, but any challenge every man, woman and child ever faced.
On Sherlock’s jacket, Rosie chattered happily to herself, and John allowed his eyes to drift shut, lulled by the piece of this moment. Parenting was hard, everyone said so. Still, at least he wasn’t alone.
What little blood lingered in John’s face drained away. God, he’d rather Sherlock were a Brumite. No wonder Moriarty had seemed to be locked somewhere between ecstasy and terror. Aethereons were… They were as powerful as anything got. Not confined to one thing, but plugged straight into the source of magic itself, able to control anything they put their mind to. There was a reason they’d been thought of as gods, once. When the Faeling happened, they were the first to go, lost in the ebb of power leaving the world.
John shook his head, reaching out to buzz in his next patient. Until he knew more, there was nothing he could do. He would have to tolerate their presence as best he could, and in the meantime, get on with his life, just as Sherlock suggested. What other choice did he have?
hair on the posh git's head... 'Please tell me you've got something. GPS from his mobile? A microchip tracker he doesn't know about? Something!'
It was almost too easy.
Pottering around, he set about making this strange space feel a bit more like home, turning on the heating to chase away the chill in the air and familiarising himself with the state-of-the-art security system. He moved Rosie's cot into one of the bedrooms. He couldn't sleep apart from her; not now. Everything felt too tenuous and unfamiliar. As it was, he kept looping back to the living room every few minutes to sit at her side, tickling her chin and watching her giggle and drool.
Sherlock approached the table, seeing every little detail. ‘Most people know to hack the ends off of flower stems, but these have been done with precision. Whoever gave her these knew their way around plants. Probably cultivated these themselves. Handing her a death sentence was not a mistake.’
'Temporarily. You've been sweating and ill in there for the better part of a week. I've told Mrs Hudson to stay in her flat today while I do some laundry.' Sherlock shook his head before John could protest. 'We have already discussed it, and she doesn't need to use the washing machine for a few days yet. After I'm done, I'll put it on a hot, empty rinse and scrub the hallway again. She'll be safe, but I'm running out of clean underwear.'
In his youth, he had believed his father to be a pawn, almost an ephemeral inconsequence. Cannon fodder and little more. To Mycroft’s embarrassment, he had harboured that misconception for years, failing to see the truth of it. His father may be a kind, well-mannered man, happy to let his family be the centre of attention, but when it really came down to it, he could evolve into something far more. Push the pawn far enough, and he became the Queen, ruthless, sharp and vicious in defence of what he believed was right.
'Yeah, I think so.' John scraped the remains of food from Rosie's bowl and offered it to her, trying not to let his hands shake as he thought back to that awful night.
'I've asked Lestrade to check out Molly Hooper's house, off-the-clock. He was eager to assist. We will need to travel to the address Mary gave us separately. Let her at least hope that you've obeyed her orders and come alone.  I doubt we can take her by surprise, but there is no point in being predictable.'
'I – I checked her pulse, though.' John rubbed his fingertips together, narrowing his eyes as he raked through his hazy memories. 'Didn't I?'
'Mary has proven herself to be more clever and resourceful than myself in certain areas,' he admitted. 'Molly, I wouldn't ask, but John needs the answers.'
Surprising but dependable…
Sherlock wasted no energy on idle movement. He did not flick the sword in his hand back and forth, or shift his weight. He did not prowl or fidget. He remained still, apparently disinterested even as the stranger took up his place at the end of the piste, the white toes of his shoes touching the starting line. 'Or perhaps my reputation as a fencer precedes me,' Sherlock mused. 'If so, I'm afraid I will have to disappoint you. I don't waste my time with amateurs.'
Part of him itched to flee the flat, to stretch his legs and race London's streets, but even that avenue lay shut to him. He could only prowl each room, tense and miserable.
'Don't worry, Molly. None of us did.'
She gestured with her weapon, and he looked around, taking in the old stretch of land. It appeared to be an abandoned airfield, and he raised one eyebrow in consideration. No such thing could be found in Central London. He must have been unconscious for some time in order for Mary to get him here: wherever "here" was.
Two words, no more, and Sherlock's heart surged in his throat.
She said it in a rush, like someone ripping a plaster from a wound to let the blood flow. 'I hope I can have an ordinary life, but nothing's written in stone. My past was full of consequences.' She shrugged, her lips hooking to one side, quick and crooked. 'The danger was the fun part, but you can't outrun things forever.'
'I think you rather surprised her with your demand that she leave. She had not anticipated the ferocity of your reaction nor the strength of your insistence. It genuinely alarmed her.' Sherlock's lips twitched in a smile. 'I suspected she had already swept the flat for bugs when she was here. She answered too freely for someone who feared being overheard by a third party.' Sherlock sat down opposite him and tucked in to the egg-fried rice, wielding his chopsticks with ease.
‘We should take it to a shelter,’ he said, wondering if they even had a box to put it in. ‘or something.’
Sherlock gave him a quick, calm look. 'We wait.'
His body jerked as if he had been electrocuted, ripping him from the snare of the dream and leaving him panting and wide-eyed. He stared at his unfamiliar surroundings with his teeth bared, interrogating the shadows as the pinch of tears bit at his eyes. A few moments later, memory stirred, and John sagged back against his pillows as he realised where he was.
'At ease, Doctor Watson. I see you have... diffused the situation.' His gaze flickered to Mary's body, utterly devoid of emotion.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He should have known that Mycroft would already be aware of the situation. No doubt he also knew more than he was letting on. If Mycroft didn't have an informant on the scene in John's street even as they spoke, then Sherlock would eat the ludicrous deerstalker hat that still hung on its peg downstairs.
At least Rosie was settling in well. It was a small blessing, but John would count it while he could. Molly had been brilliant, but she had a job too and couldn't devote her days to watching Rosie. Besides, home was not as safe as John had once believed. He'd rather his daughter was in a secure nursery when he wasn't there to look after her, away from the prying eyes he could feel burning into the back of his neck even now.
She left him no choice in the matter. He longed to face her, to read the hints of truth and shadows of fiction that painted her features, but she did not give him that option. Not unless he wanted to truly test the limits of her patience. With great reluctance, he turned his back, feeling the gun settle somewhere over his kidneys as she marched him towards their destination.
Sherlock's glance held a secretive gleam: something shared between the two of them. 'My brother, by his very nature, will be just as interested in the state secrets I suspect the code contains as he is in the motives and machinations of those who seek to retrieve it. I have no intention of leaving this case entirely in his hands, John. Not when your safety is at stake.'
The words scraped up John's throat like barbed wire, so sharp he was amazed he did not taste blood. His entire body thrummed, the gun clicking in his grasp as his hand shook at his side.
Sherlock sniffed. ‘Playing,’ he promised, bringing his violin to his shoulder. His heart raced, panicked that, once more, he would be unable to perform. Except John, it seemed, made all the difference. As if the floodgates had opened, the notes poured forth, and Sherlock let out a faint sigh of relief as the music welled up to wash away his frustrations.
'No.' He lifted one shoulder in a shrug. 'If that was your plan, you would put it into action rather than posturing. I appreciate that you are trying to keep your options open, but every day, every hour, every moment has robbed you of choices until you are left with this: one last desperate bid for control. Do you think it will work out that way? Do you honestly presume that you'll still come out of this on top?'
'They were young. Eighteen or nineteen. It was a long time ago. I'm sure her taste has improved. My brother is hardly the ideal romantic partner.' Sherlock pulled a face, and John chuckled, feeling some of the odd tension he'd carried with him since they got here ebb away.
And that's it, everyone! Thanks for reading ♥♥
'Perhaps,' Sherlock conceded, smiling at Rosie as she gummed thoughtfully on the warm, sludgy oats he had offered her. 'Or at least a burial plot of some significance, though whether the soil hides a corpse or something else remains to be seen.'
Sherlock hummed in agreement, slowing down to fall into step at John's side as they approached the exit. 'There's a practice on in about an hour at King's, and Winters did say all doors were open to us.'
Sherlock reached into his pocket for his phone, his thumb tapping the screen as he scrolled through some message or other. 'Besides, I can take the opportunity to stand back and see if anyone else is watching your meeting with Mary. It will give us some idea of whether to expect her and the splinter group to pose a united front.'
Mary was dead.
So he managed by himself. Normally, he seemed fine. He coped. Sometimes he even thrived, but these slumps always came back, abyssal and miserable. At least last time he’d had the energy to shoot the walls, and John never thought he’d be grateful for that. Now he just lay there, snarling abuse at anyone who acknowledged his existence.
He wore anger like a mask to hide his fear and pain.
'I got some rest at the safe-house.' Sherlock waved a dismissive hand, and John huffed a sigh. He wanted to argue – Sherlock had spent far less time getting his head down than John – but he knew it was a hopeless effort. Sherlock would refuse, and John would only waste time better spent trying to get to sleep. Besides, he had to admit that the knowledge that Sherlock would be keeping watch eased some of the anxiety that seethed in his blood. He might not approve of Sherlock's decision, but he was grateful.
‘Of course I bloody well have questions!’
'I'm sorry we can't go look ourselves,' John muttered. 'We'd have what we needed in minutes. You'd see it straight away.'
Short, blunt fingernails raked over straining denim, and John tipped his head back as sparks of ecstasy shot down his thighs. The flash of Sherlock's teeth against his shoulder made him buck, surging further into the cup of Sherlock’s palm as he strained close, eager to be skin-to-skin and hot with the need to feel Sherlock against him.
‘Neither. Though I can see why Brumite crossed your mind.’ Sherlock flicked a finger, and just like that, the pool was water again, gently steaming. ‘They have power over ice and cold. I am… not so constrained.’
Neither one of them spoke as they slipped into the vehicle, and Mycroft's driver offered them a welcoming nod, her brown gaze surveying them both in the rear-view mirror before she pulled away. The leather seat cradled John's body. He sagged against the door, closing eyes that burned along the seam of his lashes: tears or tiredness – he honestly didn't know any more.
Sherlock hurdled some chimneypots; his mind working to plot routes and analyse the surface beneath his feet. It was as much a mental exercise as a physical one: a rare union where his mind and his transport could work as one. Even after years of practise, he still found a simple thrill in running the roofs.
John nodded his farewell, trying not to feel as if he were being abandoned. Still, unease tangled through his ribs as he watched the driver depart: his last connection to London and the home he'd left behind. Mycroft would be here soon to get him up to speed; in the meantime, he had best familiarise himself with the place.
'As have you. High quality tactical gear, brand new. The gun, too, is this year's model. They're not equipment you've had stashed away in case of emergency. You've resupplied yourself because you have every intention of returning to your old way of life. You've not struggled for food nor for comfort in your absence. Your strength is undiminished, and you do not have the appearance of someone who has been subsisting on field rations. You've eaten well. You treated yourself to a manicure and that dye job is professionally applied. Appearances matter, but none of this is for us.'
‘I’ll let your brother in and leave you boys to it,’ Mrs Hudson said, giving Sherlock another fond smile before making her way downstairs. A moment later, the sound of Mycroft’s stride replaced her more delicate footsteps, and Sherlock looked up to take in his brother’s arrival.
He almost slopped his drink down his shirt in surprise. He hadn’t heard Sherlock’s mum approach, yet there she was, that sly, one-sided smile tugging at the corner of her lips.
Mary looked at him, her brow arched in amusement as one corner of her mouth lifted in an ugly twist of a smile. Yet her eyes remained flat and cold, taking in his appearance without a hint of emotion.
Yet her downfall had been failing to consider the obvious. She had been so caught up in her tried-and-true practices of escape that she had not taken into account her changed circumstances. More to the point, she had forgotten Sherlock's lack of moral qualms when it came to utilising covert tracking facilities in people's phones.
There had been other people at the playground, braving the frigid elements in order to give their kids some exercise. He hadn't paid them any mind. He'd concentrated on her, walking around with her in his arms, putting her in the baby swings. It had been an opportunity to get some fresh air and to escape the stifling funereal atmosphere that lingered at home.
He had seen enough about the way they organised themselves to know that this was a professional endeavour, and he might find himself in a fight he could not win. Going back to Baker Street would do him no favours. All he could do now was ensure John's safety, and that of himself, in the hopes of buying them both some time to unravel whatever new mystery had landed in their laps.
'It will make her dangerous. We need to be careful.' Sherlock set his chopsticks aside, rising to his feet and gesturing to the rest of the flat. 'I'll activate the EMP in each room, just in case anyone has been particularly liberal in their surveillance.'
'The area the fight takes place.' Sherlock could have sounded impatient having to explain, but his voice remained smooth, leaving John feeling blameless for his ignorance. 'I'll watch them during the bouts, you watch those observing them. Tell me what you see.'
Sherlock frowned, sitting forward to slip the files into his bag. Mycroft didn't protest. No doubt they were copies. It was not that the notion of Mary's involvement with the current situation had not crossed his mind. Rather, he had forcefully pushed it aside.
'I doubt she would be happy with one of your minions watching her either, regardless of their qualifications.' The tone of Sherlock's voice deepened, becoming resolute. 'I expect you to have it arranged within the hour, Mycroft. You have nothing better to do, and I know Ms Norbury doesn't have other plans.'
'Determined bastards, aren't they?' John wilted onto one of the stools at the kitchen island, propping his elbows on the stone counter-top. 'Can't say I'm surprised, though. From everything you've said, they know what they're doing.'
John bowed his head over his cup of tea, tears biting at the tired seam of his lashes. He still missed her: her dry humour and her knowing smiles. She understood him – saw through him. She would be brutally honest when he needed it most, and now that was gone. He might not love her as he had once done, but he still cared about her, despite everything. Even if sometimes he did a shit job of showing it.
John moved like a ghost, flitting across his own hallway and creeping up the stairs, remembering with the ease of practice which ones creaked beneath his weight and avoiding their betrayal. He might not be a soldier anymore, but the lessons the army had taught him about combat remained carved into his bones; skills he could call upon at a moment’s notice. Right now, that meant getting to his daughter's room unseen and unheard.
Still, he had chosen not to look, because looking meant seeing, seeing meant observing, and his deductions could well bring the whole edifice of his life crashing down around his ears.
Misery was a crap word for what he felt. Grief’s sharp edges had worn smooth as days turned into months, and Sherlock stayed resolutely dead. It didn’t hurt any more. It was just this great weight he had to carry around with him. Or maybe he’d become immune to it, stuck as he was in this strange, border-place where the living met the dead, jealous of each other.
Didn’t mean he had to like him though.
'The word "Dio" is Italian for God, though why they would use that and not the Greek "Theós" I cannot be sure. Perhaps it represents something that is not part of their organisation but outside it – or above it?' Sherlock shrugged. 'Absent, either way: an important gear in their machine that vanished at roughly the same time as AGRA was torn apart. That appears to be at least one facet of what they are looking for.'
'But drafts. Might be a bit damp in the winter, and you'll probably need a flatmate to cover the cost of rent. I definitely couldn't afford it on my own when I first got here. I dunno how much the Yard pay you –'
'So you've given your brother the only copy?' Sherlock pulled a repulsed face, as if he could not believe John thought so little of him. It surprised a bubble of laughter from John's lips, and he shook his head with a grin. 'No, of course you didn't. Silly question.'
'I assume that was never part of your plan.' Sherlock's smile was full of teeth, gleaming white in the blue light cast off by the laptop screen. 'Tell me, did she pay you to help her stage her demise, or was the situation mutually beneficial?'
He wasn't just being watched. He was being followed.
'What about Rosie?' The expression on John's face was one of a parched man promised a drink of water, full of desperate hope. 'Is it safe for her to come home?'
Not just Rosie, but Sherlock too.
'I thought that would get your attention,' she chided, soft and friendly, before her expression faltered. 'So, this is in case...' She shifted where she sat, pursing her lips and frowning as if in pain. 'In case the worst happens. If you’re watching, then I'm dead.'
He forgot about everything: the fact that a killer lay a few feet away, unconscious but unrestrained; Lestrade's imminent arrival... There was only Sherlock and the pleasure of those lips beneath his own as he claimed the kiss he had craved for so long.
John wrinkled his nose, unsure why the sight had captured his attention so thoroughly. It looked like a woman, from her height and build, wisps of dark hair escaping from under a fashionable black beret. Though not in perfect focus, he could still make out the stylish sunglasses on her face and the bold colour of her lipstick. Perhaps she was another of the Greek Team, but there was something in the way she held herself that set unease prickling down John's spine. Something familiar...
'She was mine. MY champion! All that bloody work and she was just going to throw it all away!'
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, drumming his fingers on the steering wheel in brief consideration., They were in the fast lane, going just enough over the speed limit to shorten their journey without standing out from the flow of traffic around them. It was obvious that one part of his mind was focussed on the road, the dangers and the demands of the car, while another turned over Molly's simple statement. 'Death certificate?'
Tiny flames blazed along his nerves, growing into a wildfire as he lost himself to the heat of it. His hand skimmed down in between them to where his cock leaked against his belly. The pressure of his grip around himself made him clench with want, and he rumbled in approval at Sherlock's choked off curse.
‘Here.’ He thrust the plate in Sherlock’s direction, the toast almost slipping off onto the floor. It teetered on the edge, only to slip back as John adjusted the angle: simple salvation. ‘I – you – you need to eat.’ He clenched his jaw as if he were chewing his own words, desperate to swallow them but unable to prevent their escape. ‘You need to take care of yourself. I can’t lose you again.’
'If – if this...' Sherlock trailed off, wrinkling his nose as he chose his words with care. 'If you would rather things stayed as they were – if what happened was a result of...' He shrugged, apparently at a loss even as realisation dawned through John's mind.
The world took on an ethereal quality, the sounds of the flat turning tinny and distant. The sound of a glass coming to rest against the wood of the bedside table punctuated his doze, but he barely stirred. Even when the sensation of a cool, dry palm against his brow – dreamlike and diaphanous – whispered through his mind, he could not bring himself to emerge from the shallows of slumber.
He had never given the term “love-making” much credence. To his ears, it sounded a touch ludicrous and coy. It had taken John to show him how wrong he was. Done well, sex was not merely about the joining of two bodies, or even the pursuit of mutual ecstasy. John never failed to make him feel special. Not just one-in-a-million, but one of a kind.
The ring of the phone in his hand struck him like a live wire, clenching every muscle as a breath rushed through his lips. A moment later he lifted it to his ear, not even offering a greeting as John's welcome voice came over the line.
'You had promised the new faction of Harmattan something – and the longer you failed to deliver, the more twitchy they became. What had been benign surveillance, a mere way of keeping tabs on the family you left behind, went in a more sinister direction. The people you hoped would be your allies, the ones you possibly even believed would defer to you as their de-facto leader, have instead started to turn on you.'
Did he not owe John the same courtesy? The same honesty?
'Our highest priority is getting treatment and returning to Baker Street.' Sherlock spoke as if he were laying down the law, and relief bloomed through John. He sounded so certain and sure, bypassing all those awkward conversations about where, precisely "home" was for John these days. A few weeks ago, he would have been furious at the assumption, but now he could not have been more grateful for Sherlock's unwavering certainty.
His t-shirt stuck to his skin, and every moment he prayed he was not wrong – that the helicopter was as empty as it appeared. His nerves hummed with the bite of imagined bullets, and it was only when he felt the wall of the fuselage at his back that he allowed himself to breathe a sigh of relief. No painful retribution had answered their daring, and no one waited to challenge them as John helped him up into the Hind.
Memory caught up to her, and a bitter smile wrenched her lips. The aquarium. Sherlock, cocky as always. The so-called villain, Vivian Norbury, and the pistol coughing, just once, in her grasp.
‘Did you find what you were looking for?’ Mycroft murmured, not looking up from his paperwork.
If John hadn't fired his Sig in that moment, then Mary would have put a bullet through that brilliant brain. He had seen it in her eyes and the angle of her body. Many doubts swirled through him, but of that fact he was certain. She would have killed Sherlock to prove that her threats were not bluffs and that the power ultimately lay in her hands.
'So that's the plan?' John sighed, his lips pulling to one side in a grimace. 'We're – what? Just going to try and appeal to Mary's emotions? Make her feel guilty and hope she'll give up?'
'We'll have to see what we can do to keep you entertained.'
This time, though, there was too much at stake. Now, he had to fall in line – to dance to Moriarty’s little tune – at least for a while. So he vanished, dead to the world, and he waited for his moment.
'Did you learn anything new from your network?' he asked. 'Anything we've missed while we've been away?'
John had never seen Sherlock like this. Normally, when a case held him in its clutches, he was lost to the world, oblivious to even his most basic needs. He did not tolerate interruptions and he rarely asked for help. Especially from Mycroft.
Now, he surveyed the pleasant, messy room with new eyes, taking in all the markers of John's habits in a sweep of his gaze. The high-stress of his job was evident. Clothes, worn but not yet dirty lay over the chair like victims of a shipwreck, arms and legs askew. John threw them non-to-gently when he discarded them: a simple release valve for the pressure of his temper.
A glance at his reflection over the mirror made him grimace, realising how right John had been in his assessment of Sherlock's appearance. He had not shaved for a couple of days, and stubble shadowed the line of his jaw. Shades of blue and purple made their home beneath his eyes, dragging at his face with their weight. Lines of concern pinched his lips in their brackets, and he let out a gusty sigh. Such signs would not vanish, not until John was hale and hearty once more. All Sherlock could do in the meantime was keep his own strength up for when John needed him.
John bit his lip, wresting his mind away from that dark avenue of thought. Fretting wouldn't do him any good. 'Have you ever been ill?'
Christ.
'It could well have been the impetus to put her plan into action. Perhaps, until this point, she believed her secret to be safe.' Sherlock sat down on the plump sofa, allowing it to cradle his weight and sensing the cushions dip as John perched at his side. He did not crowd too close or block the light, but his warmth was a comforting presence all the same: something solid and real in a world where Sherlock felt increasingly adrift, caught up in the rage of Mary's storm. He jerked his head towards the pile of discarded images. 'Are there any more of her? Ones taken prior this?'
'So you killed her.'
'Well, Rosie-Rose, ' he murmured, hunkering down next to her with a wince. 'You've been a very good girl so far. I'll be right here, but me and Sherlock need to talk to a lady.' He bit his lip, knowing she was too young to understand, but feeling like he owed her some kind of explanation for why her whole life had been turned upside down.
There was nowhere else to run.
Grudgingly, Sherlock did as he was told, following John as he retrieved Rosie from her playpen and carried her through to the outside world, chatting happily to her about everything. She seemed to appreciate the change of scenery, and Sherlock could admit he understood how she felt. The air here smelled clean and fresh, lighter than London's dull, smog-tinged atmosphere. Insects buzzed among the flowers, and Rosie kicked her legs in a giggling demand to be allowed down to explore this new patch of the universe.
'Can I – can I stay here for a bit?' he asked, gesturing at the flat around them.
A flurry of movement, a parody of a dance. Knuckles biting into his ribs even as Sherlock twisted away, joining his opponent in this brutal ballet. It was an old dance: one the two of them knew well. Tyson had more practice, but Sherlock was quicker. A blow, a jab, a twist… It was all over.
'No,' he breathed, putting the photo aside and pressing the heels of his palms against his eyes until he saw stars. 'No, it's not her.'
A razor thin smile cleaved Mycroft’s face. 'Quite so. You cannot ignore the fact that this surveillance on John became overt not long after her death. The chances of it being related to her somewhat chequered past cannot be dismissed out of hand.' The look Mycroft gave him held phantoms of sympathy in its depths. 'No matter how much we may wish to do so.'
'Oh dear!' Mrs Hudson pressed her hand to her throat, her eyes bright with emotion even as she lifted her chin: defiant. 'How bad is it? Do you need anything?'
Not that his efforts worked. When Sherlock came back from the dead, John hated him almost as much as he hated his own stupid heart for leaping with joy. His dearest, most desperate dream had come true. Sherlock had returned, and the bleak prospect of an ordinary future no longer loomed.
'John, are you all right?' Sherlock's rich voice washed over him, and John gritted his teeth, refusing to be soothed by the familiarity. Hundreds of words piled up behind his lips, and he let out a shaky breath, aware of the pressure of time slipping past.
'The virus has variable penetrance, and as a GP you've been subjected to a far higher viral load than I,' he pointed out, unable to stop himself. John wasn't looking for answers, not really. He already knew the facts. His protests were more at the universe in general, and the fact that he sat there, weak and tired, barely able to stir himself from bed for more than an hour at a time. In contrast, Sherlock's good health felt obscene. Still, it was just as well. If both of them were in John's shoes, it would be a thousand times worse.
'You think watching them fence might, what?'
With quick movements, he checked everything was locked up behind him and flicked off each light as he went, climbing back to 221B before securing the door in his wake.
John rolled his head on the pillow, turning to look at where Sherlock stood in the doorway with fresh linen in his arms: the image of health and strength. It would be sickening if John weren't still so tired. He'd slept for hours after his fever broke, but had yet to wake up feeling refreshed. It would take time. He was a doctor; he knew that, but it didn't make it any easier to bear.
Almost before he had settled in his seat, the engine began to thrum, the rotors picking up speed. Around them, the grass rippled and swayed to the helicopter's beat, whipped into a frenzy by the artificial tempest.
In his arms, Rosie began to kick, her patience with John's cuddles wearing thin. Gently, he set her down on the floor, watching her crawl towards the childproofed cupboards with a wary eye.
Sherlock wasn't trying to retreat. He was giving John a way out.
Every lunchtime he popped out to the "Gregg's" just down the road. When Sherlock had been gone, everything tasted like ash. That hadn't been a problem this time around, and sometimes a sausage roll was the only thing that could get him through the afternoon.
John let himself fall into oblivion once more.
If she wanted him dead, she would not hesitate, and it would break John's heart beyond all repair.
To anyone offering him nothing but a passing glance, he could be taken for a student: one of many, enjoying an over-priced, under-flavoured coffee in the busy anonymity of a crowd. If someone scrutinised him more closely, they might notice the delicate lines of age beginning to dig in around his eyes, but few people bothered. They were too busy with their own little lives to really
John shook his head, his lips wrenching in a grimace. Mary was his wife, for fuck's sake. She should matter more. She should be the one he mourned the hardest, yet here he was, still afraid to even admit to himself that she was gone. Not because he thought he would fall apart, but because he feared he wouldn't.
It’s just a scratch.’ John gave a wonky grin as Sherlock cast him a patently disbelieving look. He knelt in front of John’s seated form, pressing clean cotton over the back of his hand. The bland white handkerchief rapidly darkened with a not-insubstantial amount of blood.
At his side, John's phone buzzed, the screen lighting up with an unknown caller. His stomach turned to rock at the sight, and he swallowed hard, wetting his lips before glancing in Mycroft's direction. The older Holmes looked at the device with narrowed eyes before holding out his hand, his fingers unfurled.
John nodded at the confirmation. 'If the graveyard is a dead-end, you'll attack it from another angle. You'll pick at it until it all comes apart.'
‘Eavesdroppers never hear anything good about themselves.’ Mycroft lifted his nose, all haughtiness, as if he were imparting words of wisdom rather than trite idioms.
'Check with Molly about procedures, all right? Not sure the morgue's equipped for handing potentially virulent samples.' John grimaced, no doubt working through all the considerations. 'The last thing we need is Bart's to be declared some kind of plague zone because you ran a test you shouldn't.'
‘Particulates, John! Particulates! A distinct mix of spices you don’t find just anywhere.’ Sherlock whirled, grabbing John’s shoulders and bringing them both to a halt as he unveiled his deduction. ‘Our thief spends most of their time at Brixton market.’
'They had a culprit and an eye-witness. There was no need to examine the evidence in any great detail. I suspect no autopsy ever took place. The documents are likely to be forged to align with the story Mary wished to convey.'
'I can explain.' She lifted her hands away from the laptop keys and spread them in surrender. It would not take much, Sherlock thought, for her to reach for the pistol on her hip. John would beat her to the shot, but the last thing they needed was to send bullets flying: not if they wanted answers.
Lestrade sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face. ‘Anderson, I think. Why?’
Sherlock broke away, reluctant, but he still had questions. ‘So long ago?’ He raised an eyebrow. Several salient points had not escaped his notice: the lack of grey in his counterpart’s hair, the sharpness of a body as yet unsoftened by middle age… ‘This must have been before—’
And for once, Irene admitted defeat.
she'd said once.
'You.' Sherlock sucked in a deep breath, straightening his back and looking John in the eye. 'I want you, not just as a friend. I want the chance to share your life in every possible capacity.'
‘Resentful,’ Sherlock replied, straightening up with a sigh. His fingers twitched, as if he longed to pick up the broken bones of cogs and crushed metal casings. Still, much like any corpse, they were evidence. They would have to stay where they were.
Inhaling through his nose, John turned his attention back to the road, steering towards Rosie's day-care. He couldn't hide this from them: her sanctuary. Hell, they probably already knew where she spent John's working hours, and that thought rankled at him like a chain around a dog's neck.
'Naturally.'
And what had become of John?
What should he do? Keep shoring up its failing foundations, or let it fall and try and build something new from the ruins left in its wake?
'You're right. About almost everything. I should have known you would figure it out.' She reached up, sweeping the dark beanie off her head and running a hand through her hair. 'When I first realised Harmattan weren't going to let me go easily, I knew I needed a way out. The plan was to never come back. I intended to get their attention away from you with a few key bits of activity in China that would grab their interest.' She leaned to the right, looking past Sherlock to where John still stood, pale and gaunt. 'It's just... before I could faked my death, I received an offer.'
'But they were on the AGRA USB stick,' John pointed out. 'If we'd actually looked, we'd have found them.'
Had they been watching Mary? Had there been pictures of her on the wall, removed once she was no longer living, or did this group, whoever they were, focus solely on John and Rosie: Mary's family? Her weakness?
There were very few people for whom Sherlock would repeat himself. This was no reprimand, nor a teasing jibe. To John’s tired mind, it felt like benediction, and about far more than the events of the day.
Sherlock was an honest-to-God empath. A Trait so rare these days it was practically a myth. Oh, people knew about them, but they didn’t really believe in them. Not any more.
The smash of glass and
John thought back to his first month in the flat: to heads in the fridge and guts on the table, like Sherlock was trying to scare him away – or perhaps challenging him. This is me. Is this really what you want?
'Oh, that's very hard for you. Poor dears. Marco from next door said he can keep us supplied, though. He can drop whatever groceries you need down here, and I can bring them up to the flat’s front door.'
His uncertainties remained, storm clouds upon his mental horizon, but they kept their distance, held back by a growing bastion of strategy and contingencies. John's eyes were shut, his lashes painting sandy fans across his cheeks, and Sherlock stifled a smile at the sight. He was not asleep, not yet, but Sherlock suspected he hovered on the brink, his body tempted closer to necessary slumber by years of practice.
'And possibly to our Greek team as well.' John reached for a cloth, wiping porridge off Rosie's face with gentle strokes. She wriggled and complained, but for now at least she was captive in her high chair and too little to escape his ministrations.  'If she was a go-between for Norbury –' He swallowed, resisting the urge to shy away from his thoughts. ' – then she was a traitor, wasn't she?'
'Anything?' John asked, pursing his lips. As peace-offerings went, it was paltry, but it was all he had to give. 'Anything new, I mean?' He narrowed his eyes, trying to remember what Sherlock had reluctantly imparted yesterday. Bits and pieces stuck out, like Sherlock's suspicion that all this somehow tied back to Mary.
Tugging it free, Sherlock blinked, reaching inside for the DVD and staring at the two words scrawled in marker on the metal.
'So she's got help.'
John grimaced. 'She orchestrated the whole thing, then?'
Greg took on a bullish look, the one that meant his stubborn streak had won out. 'Cats have hooks on their pricks.' He stabbed a bit of biryani with more force than necessary. 'Most of me absolutely doesn't want to know what's going on in Sherlock Holmes' trousers, but...' He shrugged. 'I keep wondering. I was going to Google it, but I'm a bit worried about what I might find. And I swear to god if you tell him about this, I'll never speak to you again.'
She swallowed, pressing her hand to her sternum to ease the pain beneath before reaching down for the buttons of her shirt. She stripped piece by piece, indifferent to the paramedic. He didn't stare at her, but he didn't look away either, watching her with clinical indifference as she fought to keep her balance and get dressed in the back of a moving vehicle.
‘Maybe it’s a kinky thing?’ she suggested, unconvinced by her own assessment. ‘You know. Like furries?’
Townsend went down like a tree, crashing out on the piste. The sabre in his grip skittered away, the very tip gleaming obscene red. John didn't even bother to check his pulse as he leapt over his prone form, hands already outstretched towards Sherlock.
Normally, he would have argued about unnecessary levels of diagnosis, but he didn't have the strength. Instead, he permitted them to administer X-Rays and scans, the better to ensure his head-wound would not take a nasty turn. They checked his ribs, as well as any other sources of pain, and eventually told him what he knew all along: he had a mild concussion, which would self-resolve within a week at most. The bruises and scrapes were many in number, but minor in severity.
‘And…?’
Vicious.
'John?' Sherlock's hand on his shoulder made him look up, and he swallowed hard, trying to get himself under control.
As reasons went, it was a pale shadow of logic. Sherlock could see through it, so surely John would too? He'd shake his head and laugh, say something glib and that would be that. Sherlock would be on his own in his bed once more, with nothing to warm him but the fading memory of John's company.
He couldn’t imagine life without them.
With a deep breath, he bowed his head, tightening his folded arms across his chest as if he could somehow hold himself together even as he longed to fall apart. As much as he wished he could pull away and enforce the distance between them, John knew he did not have the strength.
'Yeah, all right, but how do we pick them out? So far we've got nothing beyond a few guesses.'
Rosie's dinner was a hurried, forcefully jovial affair. John kept his voice light and sweet, encouraging her and playing games until she was laughing along with him. By the time she was full, clean and ready for bed, John had managed to push the whole issue with Mary to the back of his mind. It was not until he shut the door to the bedroom, the baby monitor clipped to his belt, that it all came rushing forward once more
'Got him.' His voice sounded deep and smug. 'Bastard's up on the roof. Well out of range of your guns, Sherlock, but not out of reach of mine. He's by himself. No one else is near him yet.'
The news flickered into being, so much background noise, and he stared at the screen without seeing the presenter's face. His mind dwelt elsewhere, lost in the dizzying pull of possibility as his heart pulsed out its longing rhythm.
'And that is why we are keeping well away from Sherlock Holmes,' he said, reaching for his daughter with a pinned-on smile. 'I think he's done enough damage, don't you?'
'Even traitors like a touch of poetry, Mister Holmes.'
‘No, I don’t mean breaking the news, or interrogating them for that matter. Just do some digging.’
'Indeed, though she is clearly endeavouring to involve as few outsiders in her plan as possible. Between my own surveillance operation and Sherlock's network, I have also been able to piece together that the splinter group have been preparing to act. My best behavioural analysts believe that they will not offer her their assistance. Young and perhaps a touch impetuous, but strong and determined, it is likely the splinter group seek to establish their dominance and prove they do not need Mary's help. They want the file, and they are no longer willing to leave the matter in Mary's hands.'
The temptation to grab the tympanic thermometer and check John's fever twitched through his muscles. Data had always been a balm to the jagged edges of his concerns, a way to quantify the problems that lay before him.
The one Sherlock chose for himself.
Mary was wrong. John Watson did ask for help.
'Even if there was some action you could have taken, which seems unlikely, it is not as if that knowledge would make any difference to the current circumstances.' Sherlock bowed his head, his tone gentle. 'It would not bring Mary back.'
'Maybe, but that's not the point. What I mean is, you won't give up. You won't turn your back on Rosie and me, no matter what.'
'If this is her, then Harmattan are either unaware of her or are indifferent to her presence, at least at the time these photographs were taken. If she'd been recognised, the photographer would have snapped a clearer picture of her.'
No, but that did not mean it had not been without its purpose.
John glanced over at Sherlock, taking in the hard lines of his profile as they pulled away from the safe-house. He looked like a man bracing himself to enter a war-zone. Except nothing so obvious awaited them in London. It would not be a clear-cut battlefield. Instead, it would be an arena of guerrilla tactics and subtle attempts to gain the upper-hand.
It was not much of a thank you, but Mycroft knew Sherlock’s particular brand of gratitude showed itself in obedience and compromise. It was reassuring: a return to the status-quo.
'I doubt we'll ever know.' Sherlock switched lanes as London's skyline drew closer. The M25 carved its orbit, and the traffic grew thick and slow in the gathering dusk. 'It will take them a while to acquire the documentation they need: a few hours, perhaps. It gives us the opportunity, at least, to get home safely.'
‘Please, John. I’ll explain everything once we’re back home.’
'We're not going to give it to her, are we?' John's quiet question seemed to shimmer in the air, carrying hints of sentiment that Sherlock dare not name. 'The file, I mean. Not even to try and lure her out on our terms?'
'Oi, wake up.'
John grinned at the thought, his heart swelling beneath his ribs. It had been a little more than three months since Haversham airfield and all that had unfolded there. Every day brought its own challenges, but they faced each one and overcame it. Slowly, John and Sherlock had slotted the pieces of their lives together again, building something that would be able to withstand anything the world threw at it.
For Mary, there was no price she would not pay in order to claim success.
For the first time in days, he looked more closely at the man who shared his life, taking in the lingering signs of strain that bracketed his mouth. Perhaps John's illness had not claimed him, the lucky bastard, but it was clear that the past week or so had taken its toll. It demanded more of Sherlock than John had ever imagined he'd be willing to give.
Sherlock Holmes would go to hell for John Watson, and Mary would be forgotten.
What did he want to discover? Would he rather Mary was innocent of their suspicions, and that she truly did lie dead and buried? It would be better for John, he felt. A way for Mary to retain some of her former glory in his eyes. Though perhaps even that was beyond their reach, now.
Sherlock sighed, lifting his hand to flag a cab as he gave John the answer.
He didn't deserve it.
'Doctor Watson!' The words sounded as if they were spoken underwater, distant and distorted. 'Doctor Watson!'
'You're being tracked, and not by anything so banal as "eyes on the target". You already found some of their listening devices when you snuck into Baker Street: state-of-the-art, expensive and well-maintained. That was only a small part of their true arsenal. It wouldn't surprise me if they know your precise GPS location in any given moment.'
Mycroft looked up from his paperwork, taking in the sullen mien of Sherlock’s face: the pinch of his brow and that tight, uncomfortable pursing of lips. He did not need to ask who “she” was. Doctor Watson’s latest… partner. Though that seemed to be doing her too much credit. Dalliance? Perhaps that was a better term.
'How long until your friend has decoded the file?' He swallowed. 'How long are we stuck here?'
The fingers were stuffed, bloody end down, in a vase of water, like the world’s weirdest bouquet. The nails, long or short, ragged or manicured, were all painted different colours. Worse, they were wilting, curled and beckoning like talons.
John snored, slumped in the squashy armchair with his legs stretched out in front of him. Sherlock could not pinpoint how long ago he had drifted off, but it seemed he had been there a while, cramped and uncomfortable.
Norbury’s lips peeled back from her teeth, her eyes twitching away, but before she could deny it, Sherlock interrupted, speaking over her protest with casual arrogance.
'I can look after myself,' he promised.
'She's not short-staffed?'
‘Then,’ Sherlock murmured, lifting a hand to hail a cab. ‘I plan to take very good care of you.’
He had adjusted his way of thinking accordingly, and then over-extrapolated: an understandable reaction given the current situation. At least John was looking at him without censure. In fact, a touch of fondness glinted in his sad eyes, a look that Sherlock had never thought to see again.
No, while he could believe that Mary may have told herself she was acting in John and Rosie's best interests, in the end he doubted she truly believed it. She had been thinking about saving her own skin more than her family's well-being.
From the look of it, he had begun work on some of Mary's code, though his efforts appeared to have born little in the way of fruit. Such things had never been John's strength: being a soldier and a surgeon relied on clear communication.
John shook his head in slow misery. 'I don't know.' He reached up a heavy hand, cuffing at his eyes. It was hard to think like a doctor when he felt like this: hard to put the needs of his body first when his mood turned childish and stubborn. Mostly, he just wanted to hide under the pillow until the whole wretched situation was over.
The screen turned black, the soft hum of the speakers adding to the melody of life in 221B. It droned against Sherlock's ears: a slow, steady buzz that set his teeth on edge until he powered down the device and took a deep breath, his thoughts sparking like a shorting circuit.
Rosie looked at him with huge eyes. His eyes. Harry did the same thing, but she had nothing on Rosie’s pleading gazes. It made John feel like a heel, even though he had his reasons.
'Sand, everywhere.' John hiccupped, not drunk but pleasantly buzzed. 'You'd come home for leave and still be finding it weeks later. Like the worst kind of beach.'
Molly had a surgical ruler in her hand. She leaned forward, inserting it carefully to measure the depth of the one across her torso. 'Deeper near her hip that near her shoulder. Deepest of all about half way along,' she explained. 'An upward swipe.'
Silence was Mary’s only response.
Sherlock grimaced. 'I'm not concerned about my feelings.' He rubbed his palm over the hub of his denim-clad kneecap. 'It's John that worries me. He is – unpredictable – when it comes to his late wife. I doubt he will accept any mention of our suspicions with good grace.'
He wanted Sherlock as close as he could be, connected from soul to skin. He wanted to feel him inside and out, heat and want and release. His cock twitched at the thought, ruddy with desire, and he swallowed hard as Sherlock nodded. Those eyes had turned the colour of slate, and he grabbed John's wrist and pulled him down, gathering John beneath him and kissing him until his toes curled and his thoughts drifted like steam through the caverns of his head.
Now, in hindsight, he questioned every single one, and the past bled back into the present day in gruesome Technicolor: Sherlock shot, bleeding to death in Magnusson's office, his life slipping through John's fingers as he tried desperately to stem the flow. Even that, Sherlock had excused, and John had bought it because he did not want to consider the alternative.
Molly's cry of pain echoed around him, her voice made tinny by the speaker. Adrenaline buzzed through his veins, and he jerked back, frowning in confusion. It was the same thing he had heard over the phone, word-for-word, and cold horror sank through his gut as he realised the truth.
be.' John sniggered, shaking his head. 'Seriously though. What even made you think of that?'
At least they were mostly dry. No rain had washed through over the past week or so, and the gradient meant any water flowed away rather than lingering. It was a tense, breathless, smelly trip, but there was no sign that anyone else had been here before them. If the splinter group had arrived, then they'd chosen another way in to the airfield.
John nodded. They would lose the element of surprise, and with it jeopardize any chance of getting Sherlock back relatively unharmed. 'So, this is it then?'
'Perhaps. Perhaps not. Tomas Cubric fought Millie last. Lestrade said so.'
'What did you see?' John whispered, setting the groceries down as quietly as he could, wincing as the bags rustled. His gun was a reassuring weight in his grip and he aimed it at the steps, letting Sherlock's phone paint targets for him.
Mary pursed her lips, straightening up and gesturing with the pistol in her hand. 'Then perhaps, Sherlock, it's time you returned the favour. Spare him this decision. Don't make him choose between duty to his country and devotion to his family.' She pointed to a nearby computer. 'I know you have access to the file. You're too suspicious and self-serving to have surrendered the sole copy. We're quite alike, in that respect. Give it to me now, and all this comes to an end.'
Well, that had to stop. Now. There were many things in this world he would sacrifice, but not John Watson.
Harmattan, and by extension the splinter group, probably had access to tools that Mary had never seen. The artless surveillance had its uses, but it had also been a front. Something to stop any of them, including Sherlock, assessing their capabilities. Now they were prepared to show their true colours. 'Face it, Mary. They're coming for you.'
'And if they don't?'
The rattle of machine-gun fire shattered the silence, making them all flinch. Sherlock could hear the whizz of ricochets and the heavy, dull percussion of bullets biting into the grassy earth, yet there were no cries of pain or breaking glass, nor any sharp crack of wood or distinctive shatter of concrete.
A flicker of that quicksilver gaze – amusement, not disapproval – and John’s heart soared, heady with exhilaration and relief.
Sherlock's annoyance made itself plain in the prim manner of his speaking: long words and haughty arrogance, but it did not look like the irritation that came about when he thought someone was being tiresome. His eyes were too soft for that; his expression too open. Instead, he seemed angry on John's behalf: a stalwart defender – as always.
The last one was of Mary.
Now he could watch the telly and drink his tea without sitting bolt upright, and could also fall asleep without moving should the mood take him. A wave of gratitude flooded John's chest, wearing smooth the jagged edges of his temper and leaving him to smile at Sherlock's practical care.
Perhaps he should be embarrassed at being caught being so – so tender – but his usual discomfort did not materialise. There was no judgement in that sleepy blue gaze, only something soft that made butterflies thrash in Sherlock’s stomach, warm and thrilling.
By the time they walked out of the office, John’s hands were clenched into fists and his lips kept trying to pull back in a snarl. Perhaps it was this place, this bloody bank reeking of greed and wealth and privilege. But no, he could let that go, but the way Sebastian treated Sherlock…
John blinked, giving a quick, angry sniff as he turned the words over in his head. Sherlock was looking over the files from the autopsy and crime scene now, but John didn't need the proof. He knew that she had faked it.
Now, the house lay silent around him, the air still and peaceful. Rosie and John would be asleep nearby. Sherlock bit his lip, pulling back the bed covers and slipping from the nest of his blankets before creeping downstairs. He felt like a thief stealing through this foreign territory: little more than a ghost himself. Perhaps that's all he was; an inconvenient phantom of an existence John had left behind long ago.
John smiled. Sherlock’s praise was a rare treasure, and it polished away the tarnished edges of his mood. His next breath felt like it could actually sustain him, and he shifted in his armchair, letting it cradle his exhausted frame.
‘By chance,’ Sherlock spat, biting his tongue. He would not berate John for this. It was not John’s fault that there were days when he felt as if everything that made him unique and different was dissolving into mediocrity. ‘We were in the right place at the right time.’
Sherlock shifted behind him, guiding John more upright so that he could reach down beside the bed and haul the quilt across them both once more. Fluffy down sheathed in cotton settled over John's frame, and he clutched it close.
John set his knife and fork aside. Part of him itched to ask questions, but he knew this was not some childish joke to be shared at Mycroft’s expense.  “Personal” probably meant Sherlock would deal with it, whatever it was, by himself. John might be a lot of things, but he wasn’t family.
Almost as if they had wanted to be seen.
'Of course. I understand.' Sherlock watched him go, his heart aching as John limped over to Rosie, picking her up with soft murmurs of comfort and carrying her elsewhere. He understood John's need for distance, and he could not blame him for it. Here, in the strange territory of the safe-house, there was little familiar to offer him comfort. Sherlock's revelations may, in time, ease John's confusion, but that made them no less uncomfortable to hear.
His arm felt heavy as he flagged down a taxi, burdened by more than the weight of his Belstaff and suit. The letter pressed against his heart, tucked into an inside pocket for safe-keeping. He could not bring himself to read it, not yet. Not out here in the open where the world could see.
The first few steps were the hardest, his muscles stiff and tense from disuse. His joints clicked their harmonising protests, and he could feel a quiver taking root in his thighs. Still, by the time he reached the bedroom door, he realised he wasn't relying on Sherlock as much as he first feared.
She gripped his arm, shoving him into a solid oak seat that had been bolted to the floor. Pressing the gun to his temple with her left hand, she reached into her belt and pulled out more zip ties, making quick work of lashing his bound arms to the chair back.
When they arrived, he all but leapt from the vehicle, bidding the cabbie to keep the change before jogging down the pavement. Nearby, Canary Wharf gleamed in the sun: urban renewal at its finest. The docklands had once been run down and forgotten, but now huge swathes were gentrified and thriving. It was only on its eastern edge that any old clues of its deprivation remained: abandoned warehouses and cracked concrete yards from businesses that went under during some recession or another.
'And if we ask her team-mates, will they say the same?'
At last, John sagged against him, his back to Sherlock’s chest and his head tipped back so he could suck down all the air he needed. His hand – cold and small – groped for Sherlock’s, grabbing his fingers and giving a surprisingly strong squeeze.
John realised that a grimace had twisted his lips, and he eased it away, nodding his head as he sank into the waiting embrace of his armchair. 'Yeah, yeah. Just thinking is all. I... what's all this?' He blinked, realising that not only did a still-steaming cup of tea await him on his little side-table, but an array of cereal and fresh milk, fruit, cheese and bread lay before him on the coffee table.
'Nor am I.'
Funny, it hadn't been like this with Sherlock. Back then, he'd not denied it. He'd not done anything. He had been, for that first little while, completely and utterly numb. Like he'd somehow disconnected from his body and the reality around it. He still lived and breathed, but he'd been vacant, trying to work out how to be part of the world when Sherlock wasn't.
'It won't stop them,' Sherlock warned. 'They will find other ways to get to us.'
'Where are we? Kent?'
John shook his head. He could see how bad that would be. Maybe it should scare him more, knowing that he and Sherlock's lives were so closely entwined as to be inseparable. If their relationship faltered and failed, there would be no going back to where they had been. Friends and flatmates would be unimaginable.
'I'm probably no worse off than Molly,' he promised, hoping it was true. 'Just watch yourselves, for God's sake. I'd like to say Mary wouldn't rig Molly's house, but I wouldn't put anything past her. Not anymore.'
John’s grey matter, much like Sherlock’s own, was set in its ways. It knew what it liked, and that wasn’t sitting in the flat and staring at textbooks, scribbling down the same thing again and again.
‘Hey just, just breathe, all right?’ It felt like the most pointless advice to offer, but he did so anyway, waiting as the hiss of air between Sherlock’s lips began to even out. He still looked ill: pallid and shaken, but inch-by-inch the desperation of his grip on John’s arm eased.
'I need to call work,' John added, lifting one arm to reach for his phone only to find it too heavy. It dropped back to his side, limp and useless, as Sherlock grabbed John's mobile from the coffee table and set it beside him.
'Then let's see if we can hurry this along.' Sherlock raised his voice, calling for his brother as John listened with half an ear to the bustle around them. The conflict was well and truly over, and reinforcements had arrived on the scene to help with the clean-up.
John sighed, offering a nod in understanding. 'Well, thanks. It's good to know who's who, anyway.' He gave Phil a quick wave as he got back to the fencers in his care, watching the man depart before turning to Sherlock. 'Another dead end, then?'
(See the end of the chapter for
'Yeah. Thanks.' John nodded, clenching his fists as he about-faced and marched from the room. Back when he'd moved in with Sherlock, he would not have thought twice about confronting a suspect or informant in his jumper and jeans. Even now, he didn’t often consider what he wore, but he had come to see outfits as either armour or a disguise: sometimes both.
'You're a star.' Greg grinned, and the conversation devolved into swapping stories of the terrible digs they'd had over the years. For John's part, a tatty tent in Kandahar probably won, but Greg had seen the worst bedsits London had to offer, and by the time their drinks were gone, they were cackling about the things you learned to live with when life got a bit rough.
He dropped his gaze to Sherlock’s profile, a fist of longing curling in his chest. That first day, he had looked at Sherlock like he used to look at the night sky, full of wide-eyed wonder. Yet John would never touch the stars. He would never feel the heat of their brilliance or relish their warmth on his face. They were unknown and unknowing.
'You found something, then?'
'Unlikely,' Sherlock pointed out, but he still inclined his head in acknowledgement. It was one thing running quick tests on an ampule of blood, but quite another to work with samples suspected of being infected with a pandemic-causing pathogen. 'It won't be for a while yet, anyway. Another four days at least. And your fever must be completely gone before you can set foot outside.'
With one, brief nod, he departed, striding through the grand hallways and out of the front door. It was a decent walk to Baker Street, but for once Sherlock felt inclined to pace the pavements rather than endure the confines of a cab. His head whirled, not with the vivid lightning storm of a case coming together, but a thick ooze of confusion that left a headache drumming in his temples.
He felt sick at the idea of Mary using their gentle, clever friend as a means to an end. They had known it had been possible, of course, but that didn't make the truth of it any easier to stomach. He respected Molly hugely, but he knew that it was not a fair fight between her and Mary: not when the latter was armed and desperate.
The camera's flash threw aside the veils of the aquarium’s milky blue light. Sherlock examined every detail, capturing them in the net of his mind as he began to build a picture. Of course, with eyewitnesses and a confession from Norbury herself, there had not been a need to do much in the way of constructinging a case. As such, it seemed the Yard had kept their investigations to the preliminary, devoting themselves to other cases that required their efforts.
Sherlock was on the phone, arguing with Mycroft from the sounds of it. Perhaps seeing Norbury wouldn't be as easy as they hoped. John was not even sure where they were holding her. Some high-security prison, he assumed, but maybe that was naive of him. Maybe the British Government had a special place to lock up traitors. How was he to know?
Sherlock tugged at the cuffs of his jacket before walking over to the laptop where it sat on the breakfast bar. John stood behind his shoulder, too tense to take a seat at his side. He shifted his weight as Sherlock went through the tiresome necessities of establishing a connection and entering the authorisations that Mycroft had provided in a hurried email.
John looked up at him, his eyes bright and that rumpled face creased with regret. 'I was an idiot,' he murmured. 'I wanted to hate you. To – to punish you for everything you put me through, but I just ended up punishing myself instead.' He shook his head. 'I forgave you, long before I said it the other night, but you're not the only one who's sorry. I was so angry. So hurt, but I shouldn't have let it become resentment. It just seemed easier than actually talking things over.'
'38.3 centigrade. What notes? Sherlock, please tell me you're not studying this?'
Yet saving Sherlock at the cost of herself? What did Mary gain from that?
His t-shirt followed the jumper, and Sherlock licked a bold stripe across John's collar bones before claiming his mouth in a searing kiss. The hot, wet skim and thrust of his tongue made his head spin. He lost himself to the sensation as Sherlock's wandering hands lit small fires over John's bare chest. They danced down his ribs and over the subtle chine of his hips, charting the low-slung equator of John's waistband.
He’d found a family.
A squall from Rosie crackled over the baby monitor, bringing him up short. John choked down his emotion, each breath hissing between his lips as he reached for his self-control. He's almost forgotten about her, his own bloody daughter. She'd been napping peacefully, but now it seemed the brief respite had come to an end.
A thin laugh escaped John's mouth, and he pursed his lips, giving his head a single shake. 'No, not really.' He squeezed the hand he had around Sherlock's ribs in quick reassurance as he helped him into the porta-cabin. 'There'll be time for that later. Let's get out of this alive first, yeah?'
It was such a quiet request, almost as if Sherlock were afraid of the answer, and John stumbled over his words in his haste to reply.
An overcast sky blocked out the sun, lending the light a flat, monotonous quality that robbed the scene of depth as they drove the short distance to the best sewer entrance. It was little more than a desultory manhole in an overgrown verge. Part of their team split off to watch the perimeter, leaving John and the others to pick their way down the rusted, iron rungs and into the warren of pipes below.
John huffed, nuzzling at the pillow that cradled his head. 'Sounds about right. Too ill to get up, too ill to sleep. All you can do is stare at the ceiling.' He sighed. The prospect was grim enough for him. He couldn't imagine Sherlock, with that mighty mind of his, bearing the weakness of his transport with anything like grace.
In the two days since the attack at the airfield, John had risen well before Sherlock each morning. If he slept, then Sherlock doubted it could be considered restful. Part of him suspected it was a ruse – John attempting to dissuade him from his concerns.
'O Dio vanished at the same time as AGRA. The files we have available to us indicate that Mary may have been involved beyond simply being a member of the team. If, as I suspect, she was O Dio, then she would be the first point of contact for Norbury's buyers. Now that she's gone...'
And a recovery it would be. He'd make sure of it. Already, throughout John's delirium, he'd not simply watched and offered comfort. He had monitored every little iota of data John's body could offer, allowing its fluctuations to verify his conclusions.
Age was sneaking up on him, it seemed, or perhaps it was a physical weakness with an emotional source? After all, he could not deny his concern over John. Not just his safety, but his well-being. He had not stayed around, when he tumbled from Bart's, to bear witness to John's grief. He only had one image of John standing by his grave: an empty lie.
Sherlock nodded, dumping his burden on the bedroom floor as John eased himself upright before pivoting to put his feet down. The carpet kissed his skin, grounding him, but the whole process of standing up felt like a gargantuan task. His entire body seemed locked in some kind of inertia, and the more he fought against it the more leaden he became.
The peace stretched, turning brittle at its edges. A small frown cinched the centre of Mary's brow, and she raised her head, giving John a mournful look. She had expected more of them. This meeting was not going her way, and while she would never show she was unsettled by it, their reaction had put her on the back foot. 'You weren't meant to get involved.'
are safe,' he promised, filling his voice with as much certainty as he could muster. Molly was a woman who took her friendships seriously. Mild-mannered she may be, but she has already proven herself fiercely loyal, and not just to Sherlock himself. She had helped John keep it together in the darkest days after Mary's... departure. Now, he knew, she would not baulk at his request.
'I'm not sure.' Sherlock sat back on his heels. 'Mycroft does not believe it's an officially sanctioned team, which suggests they are not associated with any foreign or national power.'
It would be the last thing he ever did.
In music, composers noted essential components in the score. Obbligato. For Sherlock to conduct the chaos of his thoughts into a symphony, he needed this.
'You could be right,' he admitted, clearing his throat as he reached for his phone, his fingers flying over the keys as he sent out a few pertinent text messages. He knew who had been watching John's house: trusted individuals in his network, well-compensated for the earnings they may have lost dossing down elsewhere. Three in total, with strict instructions, for their own safety, not to intervene.
Vivian wanted wealth; Mary wanted excitement. Amazing, how even being part of AGRA could become boring, in its own way. The money didn't hurt, either. She took her cut from Vivian and did her bit to keep the others in the dark. Or she had done, until it all went pear-shaped.
Yet the more he fought against it – against loving Sherlock – the worse it became. He had never, in all his life, been so aware of another person. After Sherlock’s return, that jagged presence felt as if it rubbed John raw. His heart thrummed and ached and squeezed until he could barely breathe, and still he resisted.
'Winters probably impressed the importance of haste upon Lestrade.'
He raised an eyebrow, watching Sherlock hesitate on the threshold. It was not that Sherlock did not love their parents. Rather, he found them a touch overwhelming: emotional, exuberant, and he feared that the love he had for them both made him weak.
Sherlock sighed, setting down his book and getting to his feet. ‘Stop worrying,’ he urged, his hand resting on John’s shoulder. Once, the gesture would have been awkward, but those days were long past as Sherlock closed the distance between them, pressing a warm, tender kiss to John’s brow. ‘She’s like her father.’
He expected shouted denials and raging accusations. He imagined John's anger finding its flash point, but the balance tipped the other way. John curled in on himself rather than lashing out, his hands falling back to his sides to reveal a grey, haggard man. Those blue eyes were dark and downcast, as if this was the thing that might finally tear him apart.
'Well, none of you are now. Do you have someone who can drop stuff off at your door if you need it?'
The door closed behind her, leaving John staring around his familiar office, taking in the medical posters and the institutional carpet, the harsh fluorescent lights and the cluttered expanse of his desk. The new phone sat there, black and sleek and small: perfectly discreet. A lifeline to Sherlock. All he had to do was reach out and take it.
John's expression was answer enough: pursed lips and a wrinkled nose – doubt in every line of his face. Yet at the same time, Sherlock saw the gleam of understanding in those blue eyes. As a soldier, John had experience of resting in less-than-ideal conditions, fulfilling his body's needs when instinct would recommend deprivation.
For that, he could be nothing but grateful.
‘What the hell happened? Jesus, Sherlock.’
Was it?
Mycroft looked back from where he was talking to a couple of no-nonsense people in bullet-proof gear. Agents, maybe, giving some kind of report as they handed over an object John could not make out.  'Patience, Doctor Watson,' he urged, his voice more clipped than soothing. 'You'll be no good to anyone if you rush off to Sherlock's rescue only to collapse from a brain haemorrhage. Please allow my staff to assess you.'
“Dull.”
Sherlock winced. Lying and shamming to strangers was one thing, but John was another matter. In his panic, he came up with an excuse that, in relation to him at least, was impossible to believe. ‘I can’t remember.’
It was the only way Rosie would be safe.
'And –?' John swallowed, his heart in his throat.
'But I do not stop at "moderate". Their stories are established and have been maintained over the past twelve years. Before that, they do not exist.'
Sherlock sighed. ‘Many types of tree in the world can be tapped for sap. Some of them are even edible. Others are very much not. You have a dead man, in a warehouse locked from the inside, with seemingly no mark on him. The obvious answer is self-inflicted poisoning, though I doubt it was deliberate.’
It was only a matter of time. John knew that from the start. Now, he stared at the read-out on the thermometer before examining his reflection in the bathroom mirror. A glassy blue gaze stared back at him from beneath the dishevelled nest of his hair. Dark shadows smeared their warpaint beneath his eyes and his skin had an unhealthy, greyish tinge.
Sherlock kept cautious watch on the doorway, his gaze darting from the open threshold to John's back. Beyond the walls of their bolt-hole he could hear the sound of gunfire and shouts, garbled commands distorted by distance and carried on the wind. It was impossible to tell who was emerging victorious and who would be vanquished, and a shiver of unease uncoiled down Sherlock's spine.
‘Might?' John murmured. A bubble of laughter rose in his throat as Sherlock kissed all replies from his lips and thoughts from his head, leaving him blissfully indifferent to everything but the new world of potential opening up between them.
Sherlock looked away – deliberate ignorance.
It was a brutal looking piece of equipment, more utilitarian than sleek and bristling with guns. The churned ground surrounding it spoke volumes of its fire-power, the shots wasted into the uncaring earth in an effort to spook them. The sun shone off the odd, bubble-like cockpit, and Sherlock narrowed his eyes, attempting to pick out any silhouettes within.
‘Any allergies?’
Besides, beneath Sherlock's concerns were a hundred memories of shared moments over the years where want and sentiment ensnared them both. This – what he felt for John – was not new. It had been there from the start, a subtle connection that only flourished with every passing day, growing strong enough to survive all that both Moriarty and Mary had thrown at them.
Mycroft had authorised everyone to use lethal force. Was that the only way to cut themselves free of Mary's snare once and for all? She may lie dead, now, but the relics of her efforts remained, as did the danger. That, more than anything, hardened his resolve – not the threat to himself, but to John.
Sherlock dodged to the side, spinning away and putting John once again at Townsend's back. This time, Townsend’s body and blade moved as one, whipping around, and the wicked barb of the sword sliced clean across Sherlock's torso, leaving parted fabric and a long, bloody line in its wake.
With a steadying breath, John slipped into Rosie's room, checking the blinds were drawn over the window. A nightlight cast odd shadows on the walls, but it allowed him to avoid the chaos of baby clothes and soft toys as he eased his way over to Rosie's cot and scooped her into his arms.
Then he made light of Sherlock’s so called “tricks”, all the while looking at him like he was a – a freak – and it was all he could do not to slam that arrogant face into the mahogany desk. Or shove him out of the window to enjoy the long drop to the pavement below. Never had he been so tempted to cause another pain just for the sake of watching them suffer.
John wet his lips, his mind growing as cold and still as ice. She said he was out of options, but nothing could be further from the truth. What faced him was a choice: deceptively simple.
‘Funny you should say that.’
Mary lowered her hands, folding her arms across her chest and shifting her weight over to one side. She spared nothing more than a glance in Sherlock's direction – an assessing flicker of her gaze up and down his person – before she focused her attention on John: just as Sherlock knew she would. Her breath escaped her in a tight sigh, and she rubbed a hand over her face. 'Where's Rosie?'
‘You’ll never remember it that way.’ Sherlock winced, belatedly wondering if he should have kept his mouth shut. John was in a foul mood, and rightly so. No one could say that academia was not one of John’s strengths. After all, he was a fully qualified medical practitioner. Still, it had been a long time since he’d had to bend his mind to retaining knowledge for any kind of exam, and the stress was starting to show.
'I'll pop upstairs.' John offered a quick smile to Sherlock. 'I'm going to need to move some furniture to make sure there's room for a cot.'
So far, he had found nothing.
Sherlock had faked his own death from the rooftop of Bart's with a few clever tricks and some good connections, and Mary? Well, she was equally blessed.
'Did you read it?'
‘He doesn’t want us to start a war, does he?’ John asked. ‘Overthrow a corrupt regime somewhere?’
'And whose fault is that, Mary, because it's fucking well not mine.'
At the time, he had sneered and stuttered, but within a week, he could see Mycroft’s point. Not so much about marriage, per se, but about how John’s union with Mary signified an end to their way of life. In Sherlock’s mind, at least, it stood as a point of no return.
And Sherlock Holmes would answer.
'This time, there are considerable national and global repercussions to meeting your demands.' Sherlock sighed, lowering his chin to cast her a lazy, narrow-eyed look. 'This is not him pulling strings to cover up the murder of a notorious individual such as Magnusson: an act which, in the end, did the country as a whole a service.'
Oh, how he longed to make it there under his own steam, but right now John didn't trust his legs to keep him upright. The aches might be gone, but what remained in their wake was a weakness that seemed to delve into the core of his bones. He still had his pride, but he also knew when he was beaten. 'Yes, please. I don't think I can get there by myself.'
‘Stop eavesdropping!’
– to lie so close felt like a gift, and it was one Sherlock intended to cherish for as long as it lasted.
Silence fell in the car, interrupted only by the hum of the tyres over the road. John stared out of the window, not seeing anything of the skimming scenery. Even when they joined the motorway, he barely blinked, too lost in his thoughts to care for his surroundings.
'Sherlock?' Mrs Hudson's timorous question broke into his reverie, and he took a judicious step back, ensuring he was six feet away from where she hovered on the threshold. 'Is everything all right?'
'It may have been retaliation for my actions. I set fire to their headquarters. Perhaps they felt justified.'
A flicker of something pinched her brow and bracketed her lips. Annoyance, perhaps, or maybe it was just disbelief. Still, she did not protest nor offer any other platitudes, stepping back as the paramedics did their job.
'Because, no matter what he says, John still loves you, even after everything you've done. That kind of connection is not a simple matter to sever, and he would not rest easy knowing you had faced this alone.'
'You're not the only one with informants. I had someone keeping an eye on the base of operations that the splinter group set up after you torched their last place.' She shifted her weight, crossing her arms over her chest. 'It seems they left some time ago, heading in our direction.' She traced her thumb over her lip, a thoughtful frown pleating her brow. 'They must have been watching me. There's no other way they could have responded so quickly.'
'John. I didn't realise Mycroft had brought you here.'
'Millie told you she was quitting the sport, and you would not let her.' Sherlock eased his weight onto his back foot, looking, for the first time, as if he were unsure how this encounter would end.
Besides, a morbid curiosity held him in its grasp. He could not predict his brother's next move. Mycroft, he was certain, would do something, but what that might be he could not say. There was little he could do to help his own situation but sit and wait for the next act to unfold.
A shivering rush of air, Sherlock's shaking exhale, and maybe in better days John would have wondered at the tension lingering in his friend's body, as if Sherlock were afraid of something huge and unseen. 'I'll look after you. I'm just going to reach for the thermometer on the bedside table.'
'No.' John gave his head a quick jerk, speaking before Sherlock could suggest it. 'No, you can't.'
Words would have been best, maybe, but John didn’t have any at his disposal. If he tried to talk – or explain – he’d just make a fucking mess of it. Instead he did what he had wanted to do since that day, all those bloody years ago, when he and Sherlock had been laughing breathlessly in the front hall of Baker Street, high on the chase and life and each other.
'I am afraid there is no easy way to say this. There was a fire at your residence last night: undoubtedly arson. Some of Sherlock's network witnessed the perpetrators but could do nothing to intervene. The blaze caught quickly. There's very little left.'
Except he did. He could kick himself for it – how much of a glutton for punishment was he? – but he wanted to know it all. Every moment that he had missed while Sherlock was away. He wanted to go back to Baker Street, to his comfortable attic room and the whirlwind, hectic life they’d led.
'He drove me away, John. Away from you and Rosie.' A delicate wobble edged Mary's words, her eyes shimmering with the threat of tears. 'He was always offering you another case, another little bit of excitement. You say I never gave up my life from before, but neither did you!'
'I do.' No trace of apology graced Sherlock's gaze, but there was a touch of sympathy. 'I can help you to the armchair while I'm doing it, and you can get straight back in afterwards, if that's what you want.'
'Shook everything up.' John grimaced. 'Probably for the best, actually. If not for her I might have just carried on as always, assuming it would happen one day without ever taking that last step.'
John talked to her all the while, describing the items that took her interest. There had been what looked like a toy box upstairs, full of brand-new unopened packaging, as if Mycroft had handed over a credit card and bade some minion to buy anything they deemed appropriate. He would have to take a look when Rosie next slept and sort out more to keep her entertained.
He had a good idea where to start looking for them, but with every passing minute he second-guessed himself a hundred times, catching himself in a knotted, imaginary conflict with Mary. They knew each other too well, to the point where even an unpredictable action became a possibility, and John cursed under his breath. He hated operations like this, even back in Afghanistan. Time hadn't changed him, and he clenched his jaw as he waited for his moment.
From John's personal experience, the actual expression of symptoms varied hugely. That was assuming it was even Covid-19, of course. It could just be 'flu. There'd be no way to know for sure unless he got a test, and John wasn't holding his breath for access to one of those any time soon.
The rich smell of hearty Italian food reached his nose, and Sherlock climbed the stairs carrying several take-out trays from Angelo’s. It turned out to be a selection of John’s favourites, though he would bet Sherlock would never admit he paid attention to such things.
The thought hurt. His heart throbbed beneath his ribs like an open wound, twisting and aching with every beat until he was sure its agony wrote itself across his face for the world to see.
Besides, what family was complete without a dog?
He straightened up, taking a moment to get his bearings. Louise, one of his informants, had said the only area she saw movement was in the north-west corner, furthest from the street. John's watchers had no doubt claimed a small portion of the building for themselves rather than wasting time and resources attempting to secure the sprawling space. That was where Sherlock needed to be, and he doubted he would be alone when he got there.
How could she be so cruel? She knew how much Sherlock's death had weighed on John's shoulders and had been there when he returned. She had seen all the impotent rage and desperate, crushing hope. She'd witnessed his fury and relief mingling together into an explosive cocktail he could not control. She saw what those moments had done to John, and she'd still gone through with it.
'But it's just a list,' John shrugged. 'What good could it do them?'
This – an affair – was John’s. Something he initiated, agreed to, accepted and then ended before it had begun. Yes, Sherlock could see why John would take that step: a form of self-medication against his unacknowledged helplessness.
for a very long time. She'd been in on that ploy almost from the start.
Anger surged, coating his throat in bitter bile. Every vein felt swollen with rage, every muscle tense with the need to wrap his fingers around the fragile stem of her neck and
That didn't even begin to cover it, but the way John looked at it, there was no other logical choice. He would die for Rosie in a heartbeat, and if it came down to it – if someone threatened her unless he handed over the file they had found – there would be no thought of Queen and Country. He wasn't that selfless. Not by a long-shot.
‘It’s for the case,’ Sherlock promised, pressing a jewellery box into John’s hand. ‘If we are going to find out who murdered the waiter, then we need to get into that hotel. It’s rather selective of its clientele.’
At last, Sherlock seemed to reach some kind of decision, and the twisting emotions vanished from his expression, replaced with something oh-so-soft to John's eyes. Had his Sherlock ever been this kind? Yes, yes of course, but not often. They were rare, those times when Sherlock's eyes glowed and that sharp tongue of his fell silent. Now, though, Sherlock eased his grip around John's wrists, reaching instead with a trembling hand to touch the side of John's face. 'Don't worry. I'm right here, and I'm not going anywhere.'
‘I’m afraid this cockatoo is guilty of nothing more than enjoying its dinner.’ Sherlock quirked an eyebrow. ‘Berries. Raspberries, to be exact, judging by the packaging in the bin. Messy, but nutritious.’ He cocked his head and shrugged. ‘Though I suppose the same could be said for eyeballs. High in protein, I imagine.’
'God! John!' Sherlock's cry, sharp with need, resonated in his ears, sending another storm of want swirling through John's blood. He loved that he could do this to Sherlock, could peel back all the layers of reserve to reveal him, trembling and vulnerable in an ocean of rapture. It made him feel humble and powerful all at once.
He could hear the smile in her voice as she bade him farewell, disconnecting the call and leaving him free to dial the second number that had sprung to mind with these revelations. There were two key facets to any murder: the body and the scene. Molly could gain access to the reports on the former, but to discover anything more about that night at the aquarium, he would need to talk to Lestrade.
It could have been a coincidence: an illusion created by the shot being taken at just the right moment, but there was nothing absent in Mary's expression. She was not merely taking in her surroundings, but watching the photographer, her smirk hinting at an unspoken challenge.
‘No, not really.’ John shrugged, wishing he didn’t feel quite so useless. It never got better, being at crime scenes. He was a doctor; most of the time he dealt with the living, who could at least tell him what hurt. Millie had nothing left to say: not to him, anyway.
Sherlock's greeting flowed over his tattered nerves: a soothing tide of familiarity. He did not dare try and peer through the crack in the door to see if his would-be attackers were approaching. He barely had the courage to lift his voice above a breathy whisper as he hissed, 'Someone's in the house.'
There was nothing he would not do to keep her safe.
He shifted as if about to hurry away, no doubt under the guise of making John's toast. Before he could move, John reached out, snagging his cuff and halting his retreat.
'No more than you did, I bet. I remember you, back in the day. Sherlock Holmes, British Champion, and what did you do with it?' The sword slashed through the air, bleeding out his rage as he hacked at nothing. 'Fuck all. You quit. Turned your back and walked away like it didn't even matter. Like a hundred others wouldn't give their teeth to be in your shoes! You gave it up, for what? This?' He gestured at Sherlock incredulously, his face a rictus of disdain. 'Running like a dog behind the police, hoping for a pat on the head?'
Instead, he scowled at his reflection in the blind eye of the telly's screen, noting that his hair stuck up in a dozen different directions. Dragging the duvet up to his chin, he sighed, his exhale catching on a pathetic little cough as his throat twinged. 'Ugh,' John groaned, shaking his head and regretting the movement. 'Fucking crap.'
John's heat drew him like a flame tempted a moth, dangerous and enticing. He wanted to touch, to trace the lines of John's body and ease away any lingering hints of pain, be they physical or emotional. He wanted to wrap himself close, to hold John in his arms and take comfort in his presence. He wanted to be there, right at his side, day and night, for however long John allowed it.
Sherlock knelt between John's legs, a chuckle rumbling between them when John cocked his knees wide in blatant invitation. He took his time, the bastard, trailing kisses and caresses down John's body, lingering wherever took his fancy as he worshipped John's frame. He traced skin and the bones beneath with fingers, lips and tongue as John could only clutch at Sherlock's shoulders and hair, desperate to push him southwards.
A moment. A frozen heartbeat crystallised in the weave of eternity. One choice or the other, forward or back, and he and Sherlock balanced on the precipice of both. John had brought them here, but it was not his decision alone to make.
Haversham airfield. Even John could see that Mary couldn't have chosen a better place to make her last stand. Perched at the top of a hill, there was no way they could approach it without being seen. They had been poring over maps for the more than half an hour, painfully aware that, now they were here, a single wrong move could bring this whole mess crashing down into disaster.
'Hey.' John nudged him with his elbow, settling his weight back on his palms and stretching his legs out in front of him. 'You'll figure it out.'
More than once, he had wondered if he should say something.  If not about their daily interactions, then about the bed. They had not spoken another word of it since the height of John's illness, but he did not leave Sherlock's room, nor cast Sherlock out to sleep on the floor.
The only thing that lingered was this, this stupid paranoia that one day, he would wake up and find out that it was all some kind of dream: that he’d hit his head or something and Sherlock would vanish all over again. Back to the grave he’d never really left.
With a brisk nod, John let his hand fall, turning away and striding back into Baker Street. If he hesitated now, he knew he would never leave Sherlock's side. Something in him trilled a warning with every step he took, but he pushed it down. Sherlock's plan, such as it was, was the best they could manage when Molly's safety was at stake. There was no time for caution. Mary had made sure of that.
‘The grass is sharp?’ John repeated, honestly baffled. He patted it. It wasn’t parched, not yet anyway. Lush and green, it seemed fine to him, but Sherlock nodded all the same.
They both argued, each trying to pin the blame on the other one, but it was no good. Mummy would not be swayed.
John shook his head. 'I'm not saying it will be a quick recovery, or that there's no chance of complications, but the fever breaking is a sign that the inflammatory response is over.'
John eased aside their bedroom door, grinning at the sight that awaited him.
Yet would John consider it now, after all that they had been through? Would he still be open to the risk, or would he have the sense to retreat and chase his vision of a normal life? That had been what Mary represented, after all. A steady, sensible prospect: an opportunity for everything John thought he needed. Yet John did not seem to resent the disintegration of the relationship. At the time, the only thing that Sherlock had managed to deduce was a sort of wistful relief.
her, and it turns out she's – whatever she is: assassins, traitor, alive or dead.'
An elegant hand reached out, palm up and fingers stretched. ‘Give it to me,’ Sherlock ordered, his voice softer now, almost apologetic. ‘I’ll sort it out.’
A group of people she had come to grudgingly think of as sort-of-family – Lestrade and Anderson, Watson… even Dimmock and Molly at the morgue had all drifted their separate ways. It had unravelled, as if the thread binding them had been severed. It had hurt more than she cared to admit, leaving her bereft in a way she’d never thought possible. She’d always considered herself independent. Turned out she was full of shit.
Picking up the bottle, he turned it over, reading the brief spiel on the back without really seeing it. His mind was too busy darting through possibilities. Mycroft did not trust easily. He did not make friends easily for that matter. He would not hire bedtime companionship, if only because they represented too much of a security risk. He also refused to get close to subordinates, for obvious reasons.
He was clothed beneath it, but had no intention of venturing outside the flat today. Maybe, he mused, it would be better all around if he simply returned to bed. Though he would only sulk upon his pillows, glaring at the ceiling and hating the world. The violin held no appeal, and even the cup of tea John had made him seemed uninspiring, despite the steam that curled lovingly from its rim.
'And if they join forces?' John turned his head to meet Sherlock's gaze. 'What then?'
'I will. I promise. I'll talk to you both again soon.'
Equipment whirred and beeped, measuring out the unsteady rhythm of Sherlock’s existence. John forced himself not to look at the machines and read the story of Sherlock’s struggle. They wouldn’t tell him anything new, nor would they change the truth of it: Sherlock was a fighter. He would pull through, and when he did, John would be right here waiting for him.
'Very well. I'll be back down shortly.'
Sherlock watched John pace across the living room, his anxious circuit taking a winding path around the furniture. Any urge he'd had to sleep seemed to have melted like mist. Now John's body was a mass of restless, fretful energy: almost painful to observe.
He looked down at her, then up at Sherlock, who was lost in whatever he was reading on his phone. Sherlock liked to pretend he didn’t have a compassionate bone in his body, but that was a load of bollocks. John and Bea were living proof of it.
It was now or never.
Sherlock faced him, both his palms resting on John's shoulders. A grim expression lined his face, and he sighed before he began to speak. 'Almost everything Mary said was, to some extent, a fabrication. All of it except her last explanation.'
The umbrella swung up between them, the point hovering a fraction of an inch from Sherlock’s chest: a warning and an obstacle.
'John, are you all right?'
, then she is even less likely to assist. To do so may further incriminate her.' Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his lips, narrowing his eyes as he considered the problem. 'We'll need to play it by ear.' He hesitated, those starlight eyes flicking in John's direction, pinched with apology. 'Will you be all right facing her?'
'Sleep, I think. You need it, too.' A weak smile toyed at John's lips, spreading to a grin as Sherlock glared. 'You look like you've been punched in both eyes.'
A desolate wind whipped across the high, grassy ground, and weeds choked the dis-used runways. Old portacabins and hangars dotted the area, and Sherlock squinted against the glare of the sunlight reflected off the windows.
'Unless we figure out where she's gone first.' John pursed his lips, nausea clenching hard in his stomach as fear gripped his throat. So much remained of Mary's tangled web, and they were all caught up in it like so many flies. His hands shook where he clenched them on his knees, his fingers aching and his left arm throbbing with imagined pain. The idea of losing Sherlock
Sherlock peered at the film on the lightbox in interest. It was not the first x-ray he’d had, far from it, but they never ceased to amaze him. In his line of work he saw plenty of them, but they were nothing but the scaffold for a corpse’s cooling meat.
'Well, Norbury admitted that Mary was Odio. I guess she was associated with people like this. They had a working relationship...'
'Yeah, but they only need to be lucky once.'
Dean Winters sighed, her manicured fingertips coming to rest over her lips as she considered the question. 'I don't know what to say. They are good people. Competitive and ambitious, but compassionate as well. Most sporting teams have some friction between their members, either caused by love affairs gone wrong or ignorance causing enmity, but at the moment they suffer none of that. I've had no complaints. They were just... happy.'
'John.' Sherlock reached out, his hand wrapping gently over his shoulder and giving a quick squeeze, breaking him free from the methodical and unnecessary fretting over Sherlock's leg wound. 'I'm fine.'
Two shiny red apples curved through the air as Sherlock juggled them. She watched him with huge eyes, her mouth parted in a gummy smile. Her distraction wouldn't last long, but John grinned his quick thanks in Sherlock's direction as he made the most of it. He checked the temperature of her food and grabbed a bib for her before setting about the messy ordeal of getting her fed.
'Food?'
John and Rosie had both kept him company on and off throughout the day, and for once the interruptions to his concentration were not unwelcome. In truth, they were a blessing. He had reached a dead end. Until Mycroft deigned to reveal what lay in wait at the churchyard, he was stuck.
It hadn’t taken any of them long to get back here, to this scenario, to the place it seemed they were all meant to be. Right at Holmes’ side, whether they liked it or not.
Sherlock closed his eyes, allowing the circling fear to swamp him. It was not for himself. Mary could do her worst. No, his terror was for John. "An explosive distraction", she had said. Yet he had watched the flicker of doubt over Mary's features as she spoke to Mycroft. She had called John's number, but it was his brother who answered. There were a dozen possible explanations for that, but Sherlock could not shake the dread that John had not picked up because he was no longer able to do so. Was he hurt? Unconscious? In hospital?
'Down you go,' John murmured, putting Rosie in the travel play-pen along with a few toys to keep her distracted. He needed to get clean, to wash away the salty tracks his tears had left in their wake and shake off the tremulous emotion that still fluttered in his throat. 'I'll be back soon.'
Mary was a clever woman; she knew that putting all her eggs in one basket was too great a risk. This, the AGRA USB stick, had been the story she'd been content to tell: the sacrificial secret, should she ever need it. If Sherlock had managed to decode these files in the past, she could have written them off as irrelevant: nothing but artefacts.
Sherlock darted back, narrowly avoiding a wild blow that would have smashed his nose. Of course, with impending defeat came dangerous desperation. Tiger was no more a gracious loser than he had been ten years ago, the last time Sherlock had beaten him at his own game.
‘No, but they’ll believe this.’ Sherlock waved an envelope at him. ‘A marriage certificate, courtesy of Mycroft.’
Sherlock's nimble fingers danced over his fly, slipping free buttons before the zipper gave a metallic purr, descending beneath Sherlock's ministrations. Denim sagged around John's hips, and he swayed forward as Sherlock delved inside his underwear, wrapping him in one hand as the other shoved at the fabric restlessly. Fingernails left soft pink marks in their wake as he struggled to free John from the last confines of his clothing, indifferent to the fact that John's position, legs splayed and on his knees on the mattress, made such a task impossible.
'Yeah,' he said weakly. 'Yeah, I can imagine that didn't take your fancy.'
Stepping back, he left John to his fitful slumber as dread coiled tight in his gut. It was one thing to know that the pandemic was happening, but another to see it strike so close to home. All those details he had absorbed about cytokine storms and cardiopathy suddenly found a gruesome, crystalline focus.
Beneath his palms, the targeting sticks shifted easily, and the gun barrels responded. While this Hind may be an old piece from the USSR, it had been cared for. Sherlock admired the smoothness of the controls even as he kept his thumbs away from the vivid red triggers. He would let the muzzles of the autocannons speak for themselves.
Soon, John would be emerging from work for his lunch break. The desire to linger – to see for himself that John was as well as could be expected – hummed in Sherlock's veins, but he pushed it aside. Once John was on the scene, the two watching him would become focussed and hyper-vigilant. The risk of Sherlock himself being discovered would increase ten-fold. No, he would get out now, while they were still waiting, lost in their own illusion of safe anonymity.
It had worked, but now he could only manage the weakest of reasons. ‘Because it’s bollocks.’
'John?'
‘I walked in the door. It’s not hard. Most medical professional cultivate a certain arrogance that people don’t dare question.’
'I have. Let me know if it becomes a possibility. Until then, I'll assume I’ve got it.'
'John?'
'Fuck,' John breathed, his shoulders sagging as if he were a puppet with his strings cut.
His leg had been padded with dressing and bandaged. John would have done it himself, but he didn't trust his focus. His brain felt like a broken record, skipping and scratching back and forth, hitching on one thought only to jump over others entirely. He had been forced to leave Sherlock in the hands of Mycroft's medics.
‘You look like a pirate.’ Molly sounded more than a little pleased with the idea. Not that she was wrong. He couldn’t really shave, which meant he had a good five days of stubble over his jaw. At best, he looked roguish. Still, she shrugged at his rather feeble glare. ‘Good stitch-work though. Did you do those, John?’
'Look at you, making sure it's all right with him indoors.'
This was the woman who had pulled the trigger – who had put a bullet in Mary and destroyed that part of John's life forever. It was because of her that he was a widower and a single father. Was she the reason strangers watched him? Was she why his house lay in ashes and he had to hide here like a wounded animal?
Quickly, he wiped her down, smiling as her cries turned to whimpers, which soon became reluctant giggles. She chewed on her fist and waved her other hand about before trying to roll over on the changing mat, clearly bored by his ministrations.
Sherlock grinned, lifting his arm away from his eyes to admire John’s confidence. Just like that, he’d gone from beating his head against the table to actually taking in what he was trying to learn. More to the point, he was almost enjoying it.
John squinted. It was a bit early in the morning for this kind of deep, philosophical thinking into modern society. He hadn’t even had a cuppa yet. ‘So, the first Banksy’s an all right bloke. Kind of a robin hood situation, except the rich don’t realise they’re being robbed, because they bought something with their money: which he then gives away. And the others are…’
‘Besides, Anderson, as everyone knows, fencing weapons are tipped and blunted. They’re not sharp enough to cause this level of damage.’
‘It’s amazing what you hear if you take the time to listen. What you see if you really look.’ Sherlock shrugged, a faint blush colouring his cheeks at John’s obvious look of impressed approval. ‘The network helps. Banksy’s part of the word on the street. It all makes its way back to me eventually.’
'Molly Hooper will die, and it will be all your fault.' Mary's voice turned hard. He could picture her gripping her phone, white-knuckled, her jaw an unyielding line. 'I've come too far to turn back now, John. I'm not letting you and your bloody sense of duty stand in my way. Don't be late.'
'I can go,' he promised, gesturing towards the door. 'There are other safe-houses.'
'Wouldn't they?' Sherlock raised an eyebrow, letting his words sink in as John looked on, amazed despite himself.
'All right?' Sherlock murmured, running the point of his nose down the side of John's in a tender nuzzle, his breath a warm flutter against John's cheek.
And so, he tried to like her when he would never before have given her the time of day. Tried to make her part of him-and-John, all the while achingly aware that it was he, not Mary, who had become the outsider. The third wheel.
He answered various questions in a flat voice, letting them conduct their tests and make their judgements. No doubt this was all going on Mycroft's tab. It wasn't an NHS facility; John saw that much in a single glance.
'How long have you been there?' Sherlock asked, his breath locked tight in the cage of his ribs. Mycroft had not been subtle in his statements, and while he had not spoken a word of a lie with regards Sherlock's feeling, neither one of them knew the truth of John's sentiments.
John nodded, scrubbing a hand over his face. 'Where is she? When can I get her?'
Grudgingly, Sherlock did as he was told. After all, only a fool ignored his doctor.
Belatedly, he realised that Greg would have seen slices of interaction at different crime scenes. He would have seen how he and Sherlock had grown distant and baffled with one another, the anger and uncertainty. He would have watched it unfurl without any real context. Of course the switch, when it came, must have been glaringly obvious.
No matter how often he tidied away her toys, there always seemed to be more, as if they multiplied by themselves. Now, he gathered her into his lap, checking she was warm enough before exploring new objects with her, talking through shapes and colours, smiling as she laughed at him in response. Eventually, however, her delight turned to indifference, and she wriggled from John's grasp, smacking chubby palms against the photographs where John had left them.
'I'm glad she's safe.' The corner of his mouth twitched in a smile: there and gone again. He lowered his bag to the floor before tucking his hands into his pockets and leaning against the kitchen surface, propping his weight against it. Whether it was a deliberate effort at being casual or something Sherlock's weary body needed, John couldn't say. All he knew was that it pricked his temper, Sherlock looking so at ease when John's life had fallen to ruin around him.
Greg nodded, chewing thoughtfully now he’d demolished a quarter of his meal. 'Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. It's just...'
‘Beautiful, aren’t they?’
John stared, taking in the lines of a face that had not yet begun to fade from his memory. However, where he remembered charm in her smile, there was an edge of cruelty to the quirk of her lips. The clothes she wore hid some of the tension in her posture, but John could see it in the line of her neck: a soldier ready to fight.
His lips wrenched downwards at the corners. God, she'd deserved better. Back at the beginning, when she'd just been Mary and not part of AGRA; not an assassin; not the person who'd shot Sherlock, he'd been enamoured. She'd seemed like all the "normal" that his life had been missing: a port amidst the storm of Sherlock Holmes reappearing in his life. Not dead after all.
Sherlock grabbed the hem of his jumper and yanked it over John's head, leaving him trapped in a maze of wool. John’s laugh became a squeak as those long fingers skimmed over the cotton of his t-shirt, seeking out the furled buds of John's nipples and teasing them through the fabric. A hot mouth replaced his touch a moment later, and John moaned, wrestling himself free of his pullover and pitching it aside before capturing Sherlock's curls in his grasp.
Sherlock, at least, never apologised for who he was – what he was. He didn't try to conceal it, or otherwise make excuses. Mary had done just that, and a love standing on a foundation of lies didn't stand a chance.
The pain in his gut sharpened, twisting like a knife as it shot up into his chest, curling barbs around the frightened flutter of his heart. He had expected it: John's avoidance. His anger. Yet somehow, he had convinced himself to hope differently. His eyelashes fluttered, and he swayed where he stood, as if rocked by a physical blow.
'Because of Mary.' Sherlock trotted down the stairs, his voice drifting behind him like banner as John shuffled along in his wake. 'Before, she held all the cards. She knew Mary was alive and that their plan had, to some extent, worked. However, I don't think Mary's continuing presence in London is something she is aware of. That's the problem with partners in crime. One wrong move and they can turn on you.'
Their hearts would beat together for the rest of their days, safe and strong in each other’s care.
‘I think you enjoyed that a bit too much,’ he chastised, stopping a short distance away.
Mycroft's plan was the best they could do considering that Sherlock was a hostage, but he doubted he was the only one who felt it was woefully inadequate. Mycroft was trusting them all, his operatives and John alike, to think on their feet and adapt to a changing situation. He hoped such improvisation wouldn't be necessary.
John grinned, unsurprised by Reggie’s reasons. Sherlock’s dad was what John’s nan would have called “a good egg.” Compassionate, empathetic, and he offered a healthy dose of sense to the Holmes family.
There were too many hiding places, he realised, a bead of sweat trailing down his spine. A sniper could have him in their sights right now, and he would be none the wiser. Somewhere, a door banged in a gust of wind, and John stifled his flinch, swallowing away the dryness in his throat.
He pursed his lips, thrusting his hands into the pockets of his jeans and bowing his head. One part of his awareness remained conscious of his surroundings even as another dove into his Mind Palace, analysing the fresh images of the incident room: the glowing computer screens and the wall of photos. There had been many, he realised, not a mere handful of glossies, but dozens.
Now, at last, they were both free to claim their future.
John twitched at Sherlock's bored voice, as if the stranger's arrival were banal and predictable. Of course, he should have known. Sherlock had not been indulging in an old hobby. He'd grown frustrated at the lack of definitive evidence, and so he had taken matters into his own hands.
John grinned, his face heating at the unapologetic implication in Sherlock’s voice. A dozen images, each as lust-ridden and brilliant as the last flashed through his mind and his voice turned hoarse as he wet his lips.
Just as well. It would be awkward otherwise. It might make crime scenes a bit more tense if Mycroft was merely indulging in a quick shag. (Unlikely, but not impossible.)
It was fragile, still, but changing with every passing hour. John's grief bled between them: a vicious, living thing that rose up to strike anew at unexpected moments. Yet each revelation about Mary seemed to weaken its ferocity, diluting John's misery into monotones of guilt and regret.
He did not allow his grip to tighten, as he longed to do. He would not let himself become another restraint against which John fought. Instead, he rubbed his thumb over John’s hammering pulse, keeping his strokes slow and steady as he hunkered down beside the bed.
‘Ragnarök.’
John blew out a breath, taking another sip of his dwindling tea as his heart fluttered fretfully in his chest. It reminded him of things, right back at the beginning, when Sherlock had whirled into his life and shaken up everything John thought he knew.
Grabbing a glass of water, he gulped it down, wishing he had time for something caffeinated. A quick, high sugar snack chased away the last dregs of sleep. He clattered down the stairs, freeing his coat from its hook and hiding Mary's gun in the inside pocket before shrugging it onto his shoulders. Unlocking Mrs Hudson's flat, he eased through the doorway, checking each room he passed before slipping out of the back door and standing in the little yard.
Sherlock was gone, and he had taken all the light in John’s life with him.
Perhaps he was not being fair to Sherlock. After all, he'd gone above and beyond, these past however-many days. Still, asking for more felt too much to John like pushing his luck. So he lay there in bed, staring at the ceiling and feeling sorry for himself.
'Stay as long as you like.' His soft Scottish accent held no annoyance at their intrusion. 'I’m Phil Townsend. Anything any of us can do to help you work out what happened to Millie...' He shook his head, his hands on his hips as he stared at the floor. 'I still can't believe it. The police have been all around the place, looking for her sabre. Her épée is still in her room, untouched, but the other's nowhere to be found.'
Basic biology was, well, basic. Schools didn't cover more than the obvious ears-tails-teeth bit, and Felisians weren't exactly common. John had seen a few, but Greg? There was a fair chance that Sherlock was the only one he'd ever met outside of a murder investigation.
Inch-by-inch, with frequent help from Google translate, he was able to pluck motes of information from the morass before him. At first, it was little more than an outline: hints and shadows of what the documents really contained, but the longer he worked, the more emerged from the mists of obscurity, finding their focus in his mind's eye.
'I'd still help you.'
In theory, it would make their identities easier to pin down, but it also meant they were practiced, professional... lethal.
A love that had survived thick and thin, and that Sherlock returned in equal, quiet measure.
'Near the back bumper.'
‘You can’t have a puppy.’ John reached out, ruffling his daughter’s hair and trying not to take her ferocious pout personally. ‘Sorry, Rosey-rose.’
Of course, neither he nor Sherlock could say as much to Molly and Greg. To them it probably looked like a bloody-awful breakup or something. They were worried for John in his grief. As for Sherlock, without his cases and experiments, they feared where else he could turn.
John huffed, the pillow rustling as he shook his head. 'Giving them the file will feed into that, won't it? It'll make the splinter group stronger, and cement Mary’s ties to them?'
John’s back ached, caught as he was half-bent over. He’d been about to put Rosie down to run around, but it seemed she had other ideas, and at two and a half, there wasn’t much he could do to reason with her.
'I wish I could say I was surprised, John.' Mary did not take the phone away from her ear. He suspected Mycroft was listening on the other end: a helpless witness. 'You always were one to dash to the rescue.'
Norbury brushed her hair back behind one ear, letting out a steadying breath.
How could Mary do that to them? She had ripped herself from their lives without so much as a backward glance. He hoped she regretted it. He hoped that she was tormented every moment with what she'd left behind. Not him. Not anymore. She'd given up any association with him when she'd gasped her "last words" in his arms, but Rosie?
They walked shoulder-to-shoulder, huddled a bit closer than normal for extra warmth and cringing out of the wind. By the time they reached the curry place, they were both shuddering. Joining the queue at the counter, they relished the heat belting out from the kitchens as they waited for their order to appear in cheap, polystyrene containers.
Reaching behind him, he pulled the hood of his jumper over his head, arranging his body in the familiar slouch of a man a decade his junior. He ambled across the road towards the perimeter, vaulting the fence with easy confidence before striding down the narrow strip of weed-riddled lawn that fringed the crumbling red-brick premises.
People rarely printed photographs these days. They loitered on their phones, real but not: portraits
'Mr Holmes.' She raised a grey eyebrow but said nothing further. If she were surprised to see either of them, it didn't show.
'How can you be so bloody calm?' John shook his head, throwing up his hands. 'Aren't you angry? Upset? Anything?' His fingers delved through that sandy blond hair, clutching at his scalp as if he was struggling to contain himself.
Not that mental health was really John’s field, but he knew enough to see that, in these moments, Sherlock exhibited plenty of evidence to meet clinical guidelines. Though John wasn’t sure what would work best. Sherlock would run rings around most therapists, and he doubted he’d take anything that might mess with that brilliant brain of his.
'I shouldn't have said what I said at the aquarium. Or after. It wasn't your fault.'
Reaching for pen and paper, he began to jot down ideas, focusing his efforts on the first file. It was tempting to discard basic codes as being beneath Mary's expertise, but Sherlock knew from hard-earned experience that sometimes the easiest were the most effective for just that reason. It was painstaking work, plucking at the knotted mass of digits, and attempting to calculate corresponding letters or combinations.
Sherlock huffed a laugh, prodding and bullying John until he could tug the quilt from under him and drape it over his body. Soft, whispering down hushed its lullaby, and John turned his cheek to the cool sheath of the pillowcase, letting out a gusty sigh.
Spent, at least for the time-being, he was happy to relax, his busy mind wiped blank by John’s attentions. To say he was skilled at the art of pleasure would be a gross understatement. At some point in his youth, within the long, awkward cusp of adolescence, John had discovered his talent for sex. Yet that alone could only take him so far. It was clear, to Sherlock at least, that he had spent the intervening years honing his skills and mastering the craft.
'Can't it?' John huffed a mirthless laugh, his lips wrenching to one side. 'Sherlock, I chose her. You said it yourself. I
‘Perhaps you should warm me up, then?’ Sherlock suggested, stroking a hand down the humid warmth of John’s back and smirking as John draped a leg over his knees, pinning him in place. He was more awake now, the sleepy haze clearing from his gaze to leave it sparkling: wanton and wicked.
He blinked, shaking the thought away before it could take more solid root. Such fantasies had become more common since his return to Baker Street, but that was all they were: fantasies. There was no element of reality, no data of deduction that allowed him to believe anything more, and Sherlock stifled a sigh.
‘Oh, I’m sorry!’ Anderson sneered. ‘An expert, are you?’
There was a split-second's silence: Sherlock taking a sliver of time to think before he issued clear, concise instructions. 'Stay exactly where you are.'
'John! Oh, it's so good to hear from you.' She sounded genuinely happy, and John smiled, feeling some of his anger fade away. 'Is Sherlock there?
'She did this,' he rasped. 'It's not just some consequence of her stupid bloody past. She cut a deal with them. She knew what she was doing!' He jabbed a finger towards the door to the flat as if he could impale Mary upon its point: let her suffer the burden of blame as she should. 'With one breath she says family is her highest priority, and with the next she sells us out in return for – for what? A comfortable life?'
'John, I – I'm going to –' Sherlock's shaking body said what his lips could not. John moaned in encouragement, picking up the pace of his hand over his cock, conducting the exquisite symphony of his need with firm fingers until, at last, he tipped over the edge.
The twist of Sherlock's expression was answer enough. Back then, John had been looking for a reason to lash out at the world around him. He would not have thought twice about making Sherlock his target for daring to question what had become of his wife. They both knew that much.
'That is the hope.'
He plotted his path to avoid them while making the most of the shelter the scattered buildings could offer. He spared each one he passed a brief inspection, ruling them out as potential locations for Sherlock. Mary would be keeping him near her, of that he was sure. She wouldn't trust him not to escape if left to his own devices, and that meant he would be at the centre of Mary's web. These huts were too dilapidated and empty: broken furniture visible through the windows and insecure doorways. They were decoys – little but mere scenery.
'Nothing concrete.' Sherlock pressed his fingertips to the table and smoothed along its edge as if he could find the answer he needed written in the granite. 'I have theories – suspicions – but...' He shrugged. 'No real proof.'
‘You know I’m right.’ The haughty edge to Mycroft’s expression melted, revealing something softer beneath. Another manipulation, Sherlock surmised, though there was a very slim chance that it was genuine sentiment on display. ‘He is good for you. And you for him.’
‘You all right?’ John asked, his bare fingers reaching out to tweak Sherlock’s sleeve. He’d disposed of his gloves safely, as had Sherlock, moving on autopilot like a snake shedding its skin. ‘You seem – off.’
By the time he stood on John's doorstep, he wondered if this had all been a terrible mistake. He could brave John's temper and consider it a worthwhile price to pay, but would John even deign to throw a punch? Had Sherlock merely come here to face that same blank mask and chilling gaze? Would it be better, after all, to give John his space?
He did not open the door to show her out, nor made any move to hasten her departure. John watched in fascination as Sherlock simply closed himself off to her, making her irrelevance to him, personal and professional, completely clear.
He waited, allowing a delicate silence to bloom between them as his thoughts raced and fractured, dozens of words dying in his throat. Emotional manipulation of a distraught witness was all very well, but Mary would never allow herself to be so easily flustered. She had been fully aware that she was just as vulnerable to John's overtures as he would be to hers, but if she thought Sherlock incapable of the same thing, then she had underestimated his abilities.
'You're in Baker Street,' he murmured, resisting the desire to instil any kind of urgency in his voice. It would only make the situation worse. Rousing John was not his aim. He would awaken him if he must, but it would be better for them both if he could ease the twist of his subconscious into safer territory. 'In London. There is nothing here that will hurt you.' His treacherous mind pointed out that the virus racing through John's blood was bringing plenty of harm in its wake, but he shoved the thought to one side. 'You're here, John, with me, and you're perfectly safe.'
‘He eats properly when there’s no Work on,’ John promised later, when Sherlock was out of earshot. ‘but when his brain gets busy…’ He shrugged, and Greg nodded in understanding. He knew Sherlock, knew how he got, sometimes.
'No. Not bloody likely.' John straightened his shoulders, meeting Sherlock's gaze. 'I want to hear what she's got to say. She's our only lead in all of this, at least until you get that file back from the AGRA USB stick. If she can somehow explain all – all of this –' He waved a hand around meaningfully.'–then I want to be there to hear it.'
'No. No, don't. Because if it's not Sherlock and it's just me being – me, then...' he trailed off. 'Don't worry about it.'
Much of the time since his return to London had been spent endeavouring to turn a blind eye to all the potential shadows Mary harboured in her past. There had been no real choice but to let John take the lead in all things, and in the end, John had not wanted to know. He preferred to cling to the notion of a normal wife for as long as possible, insisting that the past was far behind them.
'Yeah, Sarah said as much. She'd rather I took too much time off than too little.'
Besides, that coat still fit him like a dream.
Truth was, he’d be there right now if he could get over his own damn pride. It was what he wanted, more than anything, but the stubborn knot of anger tightened every time he thought of it. No, he wasn’t ready to forgive Sherlock. Not yet, anyway. He’d rather take the time to get his head on straight before plunging back into that whirlwind of crime and adrenaline and the tight, strange want Sherlock inspired.
'But Norbury confirmed our suspicions.'
He smiled as John's inarticulate protest followed him out of the door, ghosting along in his footsteps as he set about washing up crockery and glasses. He wiped down surfaces anew. Next, he got John a fresh glass of water, tiptoeing across the plush carpet so as not to disturb the snores that escaped those thin lips.
Reaching for his other mobile, he dialled Mycroft's number, knowing that any conversation he had with his brother would not be victim to prying third parties. If nothing else, Mycroft's role within the British government gave him access to more secure technology than the average man could boast.
of flames thudded in his ears, but he was already running, ignoring the shouts of alarm behind him as the thick smoke began to drift. That had merely been the opening volley; he had three more bottles, and all around him the building was stacked with piles of paper: kindling waiting to be set ablaze.
Sherlock got to his feet and scooped the pencil from the floor, tilting it back and forth as he considered his options. It was a small test on pharmaceuticals: a quick, relatively pointless exercise to ensure that GPs were aware of the ever-evolving drug market and what the NHS could actually afford to offer the legions of ailing people who stumbled through their doors.
As if John could ever say no to such an invitation.
John sighed, his grimace saying everything he did not put into words. Neither of them were easy with waiting for events to unfold. In Sherlock's line of work, it frequently meant more lives lost in the name of finding an answer.  Once, they would not have believed that Mary could stoop to such brutality, but that was a lifetime ago. Now, they shared the same wary concern. She was no longer a predictable entity; perhaps she never had been. The Mary Sherlock knew, the one that was an assassin and nothing more, had given the impression of subtlety and elegance. Had that been an act, too – another mask that she wore – or had her eagerness led her down a new path?
He wasn't even sure if he wanted to try.
John's eyebrows shot up, and he stared at the stranger, trying to see whatever had tipped Sherlock off. Not that he was wrong. The other fighter staggered as if from a physical blow, reeling backwards before reaching up and stripping off his mask and hood. Exertion flushed the face beneath, but there was no denying it. Millie's coach snarled back at Sherlock, his stormy eyes narrowed in hatred and his teeth gleaming in the light.
Rosie laughed, a happy bubble of sound as John nudged Sherlock with his foot in soft admonishment. That had been yesterday’s loud, horrified argument. Sherlock’s reassurance that it was a blunt scalpel really had not helped matters.
That didn’t change until John dragged them both into a sushi place mid-case. Normally, Greg was happier with a chippie, but they were in the middle of London’s swankier districts, so sushi it was.
Better was relative, John told himself. Just because he was no longer lost in fever's pit, it didn't mean he was healthy, either. That was why he was lying here, trying to summon the strength to at least brush his teeth.
‘I feel old,’ he grumbled, dropping his shirt on the floor and catching John in his arms. ‘Make me feel young again?’
'But what good does it do them? She doesn't have anything to give them. Not yet.'
'That's who is watching John. Not the older members of Harmattan, who I suspect have grudgingly cut their losses, but the new recruits. They have the resources, but they lack the skill that comes with years of practice. I noticed that almost immediately. When they took a photograph of you before your "demise", your expression was one of superiority and recognition. My assumption was right. They were your allies.
'Maybe she had her reasons.' Sherlock placed a tentative hand on John's knee, his breath catching in his throat at the contact, platonic as it was.
Sherlock had followed him in his own cab, ever watchful of their surroundings, but not once had he noticed anyone attempting to shadow their route through the city. Of course not; it had been unnecessary. Why risk losing your quarry when you could bait a trap and meet them there?
'Where are we?'
'Here's all right. Do you mind bringing the telly through?' That seemed like a step in the right direction; if he wanted to stare blankly at the screen, he could slump in his armchair and do it. He had energy enough for that.
‘Hmmm?’
He had under-estimated her. She had out-manoeuvred him, and now it was John who had paid the price. A dozen gibbering fears chattered at the edges of his thoughts, and nothing he could do would put them to rest. He wanted to believe that Mary would not sacrifice John without a second thought, but looking at her now, he knew he could not make such an assumption.
