Tony could go forever without ever smelling his own burnt flesh ever again.
“I was thinking next week,” Tony says, dropping a magazine in Steve’s lap as he sits down. “If you’re not too busy with Nat, that is.”
“Oh good,” Tony says, walking over and placing a baby in Steve’s hands. “Here, I need to get out of the suit.”
“Sure,” Steve says, a small smile on his face. “Two pathetic old men figuring out life together.”
Tony lets out a short laugh as he puts his glass on the table. “Even if you were, you could do a lot better than a broken down old man.”
“So,” Bruce says, an empty bowl of cereal in front of him. “What is it you have to tell us.”
Steve’s bare leg rubs against his, and Tony shifts a little until he’s got Steve’s thigh up against his cock, the slight pressure taking the edge off what was becoming a situation. He can feel Steve’s cock resting against his own thigh and the kisses Steve’s giving him get a little sloppier, a little more desperate, and Tony’s okay with going wherever this is gonna take him.
“Not all bad, then?”
“Your Ma never said anything?”
“Well, now you just look adorably confused,” Tony says as he stands up, putting his phone away and picking up a bunch of flowers. “Hey,” he says, pushing up on his toes and kissing Steve softly. “She’s going to be happy to see you.”
“Tony, no. I wanted you to be happy, however that came about. If it didn’t involve me, I would’ve dealt with it. I did deal with it, for a long time.”
“I’m not sorry I did that,” Steve says, his mouth brushing over Tony’s as he speaks.
“24 hours, Steve,” Tony says, raising an eyebrow. “You think I was joking about wanting to ride you while I’m this age?”
“Offer free energy and people come running,” Tony says as he continues unpacking the groceries. “There’s cinnamon rolls in one of those bags, bagels and lox in another, maybe some muffins? I’m not really sure.”
“And what’s that?” Tony asks before he places a kiss against Steve’s neck, feeling his pulse jumping. “Hmm?”
“I did that,” Steve says, breaking into Tony’s thoughts. “If you were wondering.”
“See, I’m fine,” Tony says, sitting up. “Now, what happened to you? JARVIS showed me the footage, why were there two of you?”
My goggles suddenly seem very interesting and I fiddle around with the strap around my head before answering. “Everything is fine Rhodey bear.”
He remembers that conversation vividly. He’d been ecstatic at her reaching out to him, rushing over his words as he greeted her before she cut him off brusquely.
“On it, Sir.”
“Come on Yinsen, we have to finish the soldering.” I ignore the tremors in my hand and pick up the iron. This has to end.
At Steve’s silence, the man gestured at his henchmen. One grabbed each of his arms and then the butt of the rifle was slammed in his face. No finesse at all but that’s the Russians for you. Steve spits out blood to the ground.
Rhodey however, gives me a short nod. “Of course, Toni. In fact, the air force has been muttering about finding the owner of the suit so that they can take it for military use. Maybe it would be for the best if you give it up.”
Yinsen speaks to the girl softly and she slowly sits up from the floor.
Not that it matters, so long as he keeps helping when they need it.
The flare flies through the crevices of his helmet, an oversight that I’d corrected with the Mark IV. The helmet immediately opens to let the smoke out. I don’t recognize the heavily tattooed and scarred face gasping for breath, but my father had made several enemies that I never knew about while working for Shield.
“What’s the holdup J?” I ask, gritting my teeth as the man finally begins to get his bearings again. This is about to turn ugly.
Despite not having a big role in the department, on most days Steve’s job makes him feel like he is accomplishing something. As the sole member of the PR team allotted to Toni’s and SI’s philanthropic actions, he has the liberty to visit the different charities and events whenever Toni or Pepper go. He spends more time at the work sites: shadowing someone at a charity fundraiser is not really his cup of tea even if he makes his obligatory visit. It’s there that he notices that Toni prefers to work on things as well. At the beginning, he merely shadows her but after only a couple minutes watching her work and interact with others with a genuine desire to be there, he threw himself into the fray as well. And so it begins.
Despite the door sliding away to give him entrance, Steve wavers in the doorway.
The third and fourth versions both failed to stay together, somehow coming apart every time I took a step. That mistake pissed me off because the first two did not have that problem. Thankfully the fifth version stayed together and did not spontaneously combust when I initiated the hover command. Of course, that one suddenly lost power to one boot and I flew around my garage wildly before I finally managed to land. On my recently purchased Aston Martin Vanquish. Needless to say, it crumpled like a tin can under the weight of my armor.
Fuck. There’s a sudden flashback to the night before, the fight he got into at a bar downtown, the vomit splashing against the sidewalk, and the newly defrosted Captain America right there to witness everything. Tony’s pretty sure Steve carried him home. He hopes he didn't puke on him.
“Could ask you the same thing,” Tony says, swiping away the holographics as Steve sits down.
“What?” Steve asks.
“Shut up,” Steve says, a flush on his cheeks.
“I don’t even know the things he’s done,” Steve says in a small voice. “What if—” He breaks off and swallows, looking down at Tony’s hand, his mind cataloguing all the small scars he can see on Tony’s skin.
Steve drives into Tony’s body again and again, almost losing himself in his own need to come, in his need to claim this version of Tony’s body for his own. He can’t take his eyes off Tony, memorising every detail of him as he’s like this, not wanting to ever forget what it was like to fuck Tony at this age. Then, he catches a familiar look on Tony’s face, and Tony’s coming, shooting all over himself without a hand anywhere near his cock.
“Wanda and Vision?” Tony asks, looking at Steve.
“Chicken parm,” Tony says, letting go of the chair and walking over to the stove. “I need to get the spaghetti on, if you still eat carbs, but otherwise—”
Tony laughs as he leans in again. “Sounds good to me,” he says, just before his mouth meets Steve’s in a soft kiss, and somehow it feels like a promise for their future. Because now, they get to have a future. Together.
“I got you,” Steve says, quickly moving to rip the fabric off the headboard loop. Unwrapping Tony’s wrists, Steve lazily swipes at the mess on his hand before he throws the fabric to the side and settles back down on the bed. Tugging Tony close, Steve runs a hand through Tony’s sweat soaked hair, pressing soft kisses against Tony’s face before he reaches his mouth. Steve lets Tony take control of the kiss as he slides a hand over Tony’s hips, playing with the catches on the waistband that’s still twisted around him.
“How? I thought the building was coded to us.”
“Then don’t,” Steve says, running his hands up and down Tony’s body. “We’ll stay here until you’re ready.”
“Okay,” Tony says, stripping the hoodie off and dropping it on the floor. “You want me, you got me.”
“You called her Aunt Peggy?” Steve asks, looking over at Tony. “I didn’t know—not that—” Steve cuts himself off and sighs, rubbing a hand over his face, the late hour catching up with him. “Her file said she was still alive?”
“We’re adaptable.”
“Wow,” Tony says. “I—people don’t say things like that about me, especially not to my face.”
“Promise,” Steve says as Tony walks away. Steve can hear the low rumblings of the two of them talking, and if he concentrated he’d be able to listen in, but that seems unfair to them both so he doesn’t. Instead he looks around for distractions, taking in the well maintained building, the nurses walking through the halls looking busy but not rushed, and the laughter coming from another room.
Tony rinses the last of the suds off him before he looks at Steve. “So think of it as—”
“Certainly, Captain.”
“Anytime.”
“I didn’t know we had all this,” Steve says around a mouthful of cookie. “I knew people had taken advantage of the free energy, but—”
“Yes sir?”
,” Steve grunts out as he follows Tony over the edge, his cock pulsing inside Tony as he comes. “Christ, Tony,” Steve breathes out through the last of his orgasm, both his hands gripping Tony’s hips as he rolls to the side, taking Tony with him.
“That’s—yeah, okay,” Tony says, tentatively smiling at him. “Lunch. You and me.”
They’re the only two people here, and with the snow falling outside, the lights on the tree twinkling down on them, it feels like they’re the only two people in the world.
“You okay?” Steve asks, his hands resting against the small of Tony’s back. “We can go back in if you—”
Tony leans in and kisses him first this time.
Steve doesn’t move a muscle until the elevator reaches its destination, and when the doors open, Pierce is there to meet him. Stepping out of the elevator, Steve shakes Pierce’s hand when it’s offered but otherwise doesn’t say a word, quietly following Pierce as he leads him towards a desk. Pierce takes the seat behind it and gestures to the other one, but Steve ignores it. Instead he checks his watch like Tony told him, and puts pressure on the sides to activate it before he finally meets Pierce’s steady gaze.
“Presume away,” Tony says quickly. “Please.”
“FRIDAY said you had a nightmare,” Tony says. “That you—”
“It’s not that late,” Steve says. “We could eat and go on a night walk on the beach later?”
“Yeah,” Steve says quietly, and Tony’s sure he can hear the smile in his voice. “Sometime.”
“Thanks, J.”
“Tony.”
He didn’t realise how fucking tough this would be, and he really wasn’t planning on having a suddenly alive Captain America in his life at the same time as he’s been trying to reframe SI to do... something. Something better. Something
“I told you,” Steve says as his fingers fiddle with the edge of Tony’s shorts. “That’s not what I meant.”
“Sorry,” Tony says, cheeks heating up. “I didn’t mean to.”
Tony shakes his head and takes the pills, dry swallowing them. Making a face, he points at the cabinet next to the mirror. “If you really want to help, there’s a med kit in there.” He watches as Steve follows his directions, pulling down a bag that Tony knows is stuffed with creams and bandages and dressings. Tony’s patched himself up more often than he cares to think about, and he doesn’t really know what to think about the fact he’s going to let Steve do it.
“Get on the bench,” Steve says, shaking his head. “Let's get you finished up.”
Tony fumbles with his shirt as he pulls it back on over his head, feeling slightly more at ease when his scars are covered. “Sam said that you could do appointments after hours?”
And that’s—Tony knows what he’s saying, has always known that sometimes Steve can’t say it. Tony leans in and kisses him, bringing a hand up to run through Steve’s hair as he does. “Your face is okay, I guess,” Tony says, nudging Steve’s face with his nose after breaking the kiss. “Could stand to look at it a while longer, maybe.”
“We did,” Steve says, resting their foreheads together when he breaks the kiss. “We worked it out.”
As he meets Steve’s eyes, Tony wonders if he’s making a mistake, if this is too much too fast, Wonders if maybe staying tonight will be something he looks back on in several years and regrets. But the thing is, Steve’s looking at him in a way he hasn’t been looked at in a long time, and Tony can’t find it in him to walk away from that. “Yeah,” Tony says quietly. “Yeah, I’ll stay.”
Tony’s so fucking small underneath him, and Steve can’t stop his brain from focusing on it. It’s not like he’s ever been as built as Steve, but between boxing and piloting the Iron Man suit he’d been all corded muscles, lean strength that Steve had always taken the time to appreciate. Tony like this, though, is softer. Delicate, in a way, even though Steve knows Tony would probably hit him for thinking it, and it’s—.
“Neither,” Steve says, covering Tony’s hands where they’re resting on his stomach. “You’re not making me uncomfortable, Tony.”
“But you still bought him something.”
Of course, he could be thinking that because Steve’s fingers are rubbing softly against his hip and Steve’s mouth is working on a damn hickey on his neck, but Tony’s okay with being a little philosophical if it’s getting him this.
“Not that I remember,” Steve says. “I know she had a sister who didn’t come over with her, but that’s it. I wish I knew more.”
“I’m different,” Tony says. “Better, I think. Trying to be, anyway. My life isn’t the same. I don’t go to parties, events. There’s no big business meetings. Occasionally I have to attend a product launch, but this, here, is about as exciting as my life gets now.”
“Yeah. What are you thinking?” Tony asks, looking at Steve, a curious expression on his face.
“Tony?”
“What was your refractory period like in your twenties?” Steve asks, slowly stroking Tony’s cock, watching as Tony pushes up into his light touch.
“Better than.”
“Yeah, yes, I—” Tony shakes his head and gets in the shower. “Just didn’t expect to end my day with a wet and naked you.”
The elevator opens to the penthouse, and Steve heads straight to the bedroom in a rush to get out of his uniform and see Tony. Pushing the door open to the bedroom, Steve pauses at what he sees. “Tony? I—”
Steve lifts an arm up as Tony leans in against his side, and smiles when Tony makes a satisfied noise as Steve pulls him in close. “Hi,” Steve says. “What about next week?”
“Oh,” Steve says, his fingers catching on a piece of loose thread on Tony’s t-shirt. “That’s really soon.”
“I woke up here and I had nothing,” Steve says, his hands in his lap. “Everything I knew was gone, and the next thing I knew I was fighting aliens with people I barely knew. But that day, inviting me to stay, inviting all of us to stay, you made it easier. You made everything easier.”
Tony has a sleepy smile on his face, lines on his face from Steve’s sweater, and it’s all Steve can do to stop himself from leaning in and kissing him the way he wants to.
Tony leans in for another kiss, the play of Steve’s lips against his making a part of him that’s been near dead since Afghanistan light up, and he can’t stop the sigh that slips out of his mouth when he pulls away. Sliding off the couch, Tony situates himself between Steve’s legs and looks up at Steve, enjoying the slight widening of Steve’s eyes before his face settles into something more knowing. Tony pushes up on his knees, thankful for the thick rug beneath him, and runs his hands up Steve’s thighs, eyes lighting up when he sees the substantial bulge in Steve’s jeans.
“Hey, I’d rather have that than a client who winces each time the needle comes near them,” Steve says, leaning back and looking at his work. “Sitting well isn’t something everyone can do.”
“Hey,” Steve says with a laugh. “We’re not pathetic.”
“Act like the things you used to do are who you are,” Steve says. “They’re not.”
He’s woken up by a smack to the face, and Tony can feel the blood pooling in the corner of his mouth, soaking into the gag. Swallowing hard as he opens his eyes, Tony’s greeted by a man holding a gun, and he doesn’t recognise him.
Steve’s above him, but Tony feels surrounded by him, like every single part of his body and all his senses have been overtaken by Steve as he fucks him. Tony’s high on the thrill of it, every single moment driving him higher, leaving him boneless and desperate to come.
“You, uh, want to?”
“Not here,” Tony says, letting Steve lean on him as they walk over. “And not today.”
Tony turns around on his stool. “What? Why?”
“You always were your best in here,” Steve says, still looking around. “I used to love—is that DUM-E?”
Steve turns around, letting the water rinse his skin clean. “You really want me to?”
“I don’t—” Tony breaks off, leaning back in his chair, and shrugs. “Okay, I’ve been thinking about your buddy, and if Hydra are still around, then they need a cover, they need a big cover. A cover that would get them access to information they need.”
“Something like that,” Tony says with a sigh before he turns to look at Steve, a soft smile on his face that somehow is inescapably Tony, whatever age he’s at. “Okay.”
“I’m trying,” Tony says with a sigh. “We’ll see if she rebels when she’s a teenager. But enough about my spawn, why aren’t you getting out of bed for a run?”
“Ready?” Steve asks, his gloved hands pressing against Tony’s body.
“Well, that’s something,” Steve says. “Thank you, JARVIS.”
“I—are you
“You’ve got me forever, sweetheart, that’s what yesterday was.”
“Then we’ll find out more,” Tony says easily. “We can even go back to where your Ma came from, if you want.”
,” Tony says, almost under his breath. “I—yes. Yeah.”
Steve’s face falls. “I didn’t mean it as—”
“Cute.”
“I don’t,” Tony insists.
“I can work with that,” Steve says, glancing at his calendar. “We could do Friday evening?”
“No sweet talk, huh? I see how it is.” Stripping his jacket off, he hangs it up on the peg he noticed earlier, before he takes his top off. Steve points at where Tony can leave it, and Tony nods in acknowledgement, dropping it on the chair in the corner. Standing there Tony’s keenly aware of the fact he’s shirtless in front of Steve again. And his nipples. He’s more aware of his nipples than he’s ever been before in his life.
“Didn’t think I’d find a new talent this late in life,” Tony says, feeling Steve get back to work. “I’ll have to take advantage of it.”
“What?” Steve laughs, looking at Tony. “Why?”
The bullet went straight through, and JARVIS assures him there's no damage that his body hasn’t already repaired, so Steve sits back as Tony cleans him up.
“It’s not a holiday romance,” Tony says as he steps out of the shower and takes the towel from Steve. “It’s not ending once we leave here.”
“What are you doing?”
It’s Steve. And Tony’s never known how to walk away from Steve.
“I’d be kicking you out if it weren’t,” Tony says. “Stay, Steve. Move your stuff over if you want.”
“Excuse me?”
“I’ve got your back,” Tony says, cutting Steve off. “The armour is ready, and if anything goes wrong, I’ll be there. I promise.”
The door closes before Steve can think of how to respond, and he shakes his head, fond smile still on his face. “JARVIS?”
“It’s better this way,” Steve says. “I don’t want to hurt her.”
“No,” Tony breathes out, pulling his hoodie off. “No, I can’t.” His sneakers and jeans follow, and Steve watches greedily as Tony pushes his boxers down his thighs before stepping out of them, leaving a pile of clothes on the floor.
Putting the photo back, Tony sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. He’d wanted to apologise to Steve, to make sure Steve knew it wasn’t his fault, that it had all been Tony, but he’d been too scared. After rehab, he was still so fragile that if Steve had rejected him, Tony might’ve dealt with that by going nose first into a pile of coke. So he never contacted him, as much as he’d wanted to.
Steve frowns, and turns on his heel, scanning the park before he spots Tony. “Something wrong?”
“You mean—”
“Steve—” Tony instinctively pushes back against Steve’s finger, despite how sensitive and fucked out he is, and he groans when Steve removes it.
It only takes a moment before Steve’s hauling him to his feet, one arm wrapped around his waist, and kissing the tears running down Tony’s face. “So fucking beautiful,” Steve says between kisses. “Perfect, always so perfect for me.”
“I knew you only wanted me for my brain.”
“The smile on your face makes me slightly nervous,” Tony says, eyeing Steve. “But yeah.”
Steve holds Tony’s wrists over Tony’s head, raising an eyebrow at Tony before he wraps the fabric around them. “Good?”
“You’re so relaxed already,” Steve says, his thumb sliding over Tony’s hole. “Don’t even need my fingers.”
“It’s frustrating,” Tony says, rubbing his eyes before he straightens up. “They’re all ‘how do you know Thor’s not going to try and invade like his brother did?’ I don’t know, Senator, maybe because he helped save the world at least twice that we know of? Which is a damn sight more times than you’ve ever done? Asshole. Bet he’s Hydra.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, standing up and offering his hand to Steve, who looks surprised but takes it. “I need to show you something before you agree to do it, though.”
“It’s stunning,” Tony says, taking another glance at it before looking at Steve. “Really.”
“Sweetheart, I just want to make sure you’re okay,” Steve says, leaning against the doorframe and resting his head against his forearm. “I don’t know what that ray gun did to you.”
He’s still feeling a chill after he’s dried off and he pulls on the cosiest sweatpants he owns, along with some thick socks, before he notices the sweater on his bed that wasn’t there before he got in the shower.
Tony’s mouth curves into a sweet smile. “Happy Halloween, Steve.”
“Yeah.”
Grabbing his side, Steve feels the blood pooling through his gloves, and he looks at Bucky, willing him to recognise him, to break through whatever the hell Hydra has done to him. “Buck,” he breathes out. “C’mon.”
Narrowing his eyes, Steve looks at Tony. “You think I won’t?”
“You’re a good dad,” Steve says. “And a pretty good ex husband.”
“So,” Steve says when he breaks the kiss, one of his hands curving around Tony’s hip gently to avoid the bruises. “Here’s the plan. You’re going to call off the press conference, we’re going to get some food, and you can tell me about your mom. If you want.”
“Nothing,” Tony says. “Just—you’re different.”
“What?”
“No,” Tony says, pushing off the seabed and letting himself float. “Not so bad.” He lets go of Steve’s hand and wraps his legs around Steve’s waist, trusting him to hold him up. “In fact,” he says. “I’m liking this more and more.”
“You know how strong I am,” Steve says miserably. “I don’t want to—they’re so fragile, Tony, all it would take is one moment of being careless and—”
“Thought you were hungry?”
They shower quickly, even with Tony distracted by the sheer expanse of wet Steve skin in his face, and head downstairs to the kitchen where Tony switches on the coffee maker as Steve starts chopping fruit up for breakfast.
“You miss it?”
“I wasn’t—they were—”
“Painkillers,” Steve says with a soft smile. “You’re on a lot of them.”
“And the rest of it?” Steve asks, glancing at Tony. “Hydra? SHIELD? It’s not like the war, this feels more—”
“Don’t be an asshole,” Tony says.
“Yeah, yes,” Tony says, his hands on Steve’s face, fingertips tracing over Steve’s lips. “We’re doing that again.”
“Manage to convince him?” Rumlow asks, a nasty smile on his face as he holds the phone out.
“I’m going to, uh. Get these in water,” Tony says, turning on his heel and walking into the kitchen. Running the water, he rubs a hand over his face before he fills the jug. Setting it down on the table, he unwraps the flowers and methodically trims the ends, placing them one by one in the jug. Taking even breaths, Tony pulls on all he learnt in therapy and concentrates on the task in front of him, being present in the moment even with the emotions that threaten to overwhelm him.
“Now I’m worried,” Steve says, laughing when Tony smacks his leg lightly. “Okay, okay,” he says. “We can try and figure it out together.”
“God, I hope so,” Tony says, sticking his tongue out at Steve when he rolls his eyes.
“Sure,” Sam says, his face turning serious. “Look, if Natasha told you to come here, I presume you trust her judgement, but let me reassure you anyway. We won’t tell anyone you’ve been here, we have a lot of high profile clients and that’s because we’re trustworthy. We have a private room so you don’t have to be tattooed out here in front of everyone,” Sam continues, gesturing at the area just behind the counter where there’s a couple of people being worked on. “We can also do after hours appointments if it’s needed, whatever you’re comfortable with.”
“We’re friends now?” Tony asks, harsher than he meant to. “Fuck, I didn’t—”
Tony’s making thoughtful noises as he scans the list, and Steve sips his hot cocoa, suddenly very sure this Christmas is going to be like no other he’s ever had before.
“I didn’t say anything,” Tony says. “I have a lot of things I would love to say, but—”
After kissing Tony once more, Steve resituates himself between Tony’s legs before he grabs the lube and slicks his cock up. “You want it like this?” Steve asks, running his hands up Tony’s legs.
“Okay.”
“You guess?”
“You know who would be good at that?”
“Oh,” Tony says, and Steve can see the flush on Tony’s cheeks, the way his eyes widen slightly as he takes in what Steve’s said. “That’s—what do you do on Christmas?”
Steve sighs but, resigned to what he has to do, he gets out of bed and follows Tony into the bathroom. After washing up, he pulls on some clothes and smiles when Tony hands him an SI branded hoodie. It looks well worn, and would be oversized on Tony, but it fits Steve just right.
“Did I say I was complaining?”
He dreams that someone cares.
Wrapping his arms around Tony’s wet frame, Steve lifts him up slightly and kisses him. He’s exhausted, but there’s a level of comfort from having Tony’s body against his that can’t be duplicated by anything. Tony’s hands are scrabbling for a grip on Steve’s skin, and Steve smiles into the kiss, pressing their mouths together one more time before he lowers Tony back down. “We should finish up in here,” he says. “Then we can see what happens.”
Steve rolls his eyes as he walks over to the bed and quickly cleans them both up, hushing Tony’s protests with soft kisses. Dropping the washcloth on the floor, he pulls Tony into his arms and kisses the side of his head. “Thank you,” he says.
“You had a job, and a family,” Tony says. “And Howard was an ass.”
Steve’s already running before Tony finishes his sentence, and he knows Clint is right behind him. The sight that greets him makes him skid to a stop. Bucky’s there, with his mental hand wrapped around Natasha’s throat.
“Do you have to figure it out right now?”
“You’re telling me,” Steve mutters, looking at the note before folding it up and putting it in a pocket. He was so sure that it was Loki before and now he doesn’t know what to think. Taking his cowl off, he shakes his head and walks to the elevator, where he’s whisked away without needing to press a button once the doors close.
“Finish your coffee,” Steve says. “FRIDAY?”
“It is okay,” Tony says quietly. “Steve, I—fuck. It’s okay. Trust me.”
“I’ll sit on you if it will make you stay in bed,” Steve says as they reach Tony’s bedroom.
Steve offers her a sheepish smile before he heads out in search of Tony. When he gets off the elevator, he can make out Tony’s voice underneath the general noise of the hospital, and he follows the sound until he sees him behind the glass in the PICU.
“You realise you’re going to have to do that for an hour now?”
“Kinda thought I was being obvious,” Steve says, lifting one shoulder up in a shrug. “Natasha teases me about it all the time.”
“They’re not,” Tony says. “But it’ll be easier if we do it together.”
“So,” Pierce says. “Bet you didn’t think you’d see him again.”
“Right. Because I’m a mess.”
“What did you make?” Steve asks.
,” Tony says. “I. Huh. Hadn’t really thought about it.”
, that’s what I wanted,” Tony says. “Maybe I—
Except he kind of is.
“Shit,” Tony says, his grip on the flowers tightening. “She died? I didn’t—fuck. Steve, I’m sorry. I should’ve been there.”
“My mom’s name was Maria,” Tony starts, secure in the knowledge that Steve will be listening to every word he says. He kind of thinks he could get used to it.
“Thank you,” Steve says. “Really, I appreciate it.”
“Yep.”
“When we get home, I’ll have JARVIS play you the footage,” Steve says, a smile crossing his face as Tony makes a face at him. “Peggy, please continue.”
“Steve, I want a divorce.”
“I’ve got time.” He looks at me, that same disarming look that he sent my way whenever he was about to confess something. Something tells me that this will be heavier than the time he stole my slice of cherry pie from my fridge though. “Go on.”
“I want to.” I get out of my seat and take the hem of my sweatshirt in my hands. “My chest was shredded by burrowing shrapnel, one of the beautiful weapons I crafted years ago. The shrapnel is impossible to take out of my chest without going into cardiac arrest.” I take my sweatshirt off, leaving me only in my black tank top. My arc reactor glows a healthy blue, no sign of the poison running through my veins. “This thing,” I tap the metal of the reactor. “is keeping me alive. It’s a magnet, of sorts. The core is made of palladium and its slowly poisoning me.”
“Fire a missile right back.”
“Oh Toni.” She toes off her heels and sits next to me, uncaring that my wet skin is wetting her sharp suit. She takes me into her arms, rubbing my fingers softly, unfolding them. “Breathe with me. In, out.”
Rhodey must have seen something in my expression because he just sighs and scrubs a hand over his face. “Ok, fine. I’ll be in New York by the end of this week.”
I give him a short nod and turn to Pepper. “Take it away Pep.”
As the cowards flee, the villagers slowly look at each other before dispersing. No one so much as looked at me. And then I felt a tug on one of my metallic fingers.
I wave at him.
of his workplace.
. “Fall back Iron Man, they must have cleared while we were still trying to overpower their defenses. That goes for everyone.” He adds at the end for the rest of his team. “Reconvene at the quinjet.”
She tells him with blunt honesty how she was shattered when she found out that her godfather Obadiah had used her company to sell weapons to terrorists. And how that spurred her on to cancel the weapons division and focus on healing the world instead.
“Men rarely know how to respond to me.” She says with a saucy grin that absolutely does not make him want to kiss her. “Other than the obvious.”
Sue me.
“I don’t think we need to know the reason for why you’re doing this Toni,” Rhodey says slowly, face very serious. “But you should be careful. Last week we were close to firing a missile when you accidentally flew too close to our base.”
“Steve?”
“He got his arm blasted off by a Stark Jericho missile and yet he has zero benefits as a result of that stupid punch he set off on Stern.” All my amusement dies off and I feel a sickening lurch in my midsection. Here it is. “Today my best friend calls me to let me know that he finally fucking proposed to his guy because of the confidence boost the possible prosthetic will give him. And now that son of a bitch cancelled the whole program because of his ego.”
Not that he has any hopes of this staying that way. Steve is nowhere near as good a spy as Nat, but his enhanced hearing has helped him overhear whispers that are making him very nervous.
“Sam,” He starts to say into his com, chest heaving from exertion, when he hears the unmistakable whine of repulsors. “Who the fuck thought to bring you in?”
“Toni, I’m here.” He murmurs against her hair, wishing he could take away her pain.
“No,” Tony says, shaking his head. “No, we don’t have to start there, in fact we can start anywhere else but there.”
At first, I’d thought that the world needed to know who pilots the suit, who actually risks their neck when confronting the terrorists. But then I think about Pepper, who I’ve managed to halfway convince to set her up as CEO; Happy, my stubborn bodyguard who would rather die than allow me to be hurt; and Rhodey, my bestie who spends his time in dangerous places and has his own enemies. The impulse fades after that.
Of course not, that was the stupidest thing that ever occurred to him.
But as always, Iron man was gone, uncaring of proper protocols. Ignoring Sam’s look, Steve grits his teeth again and calls in the quinjet.
“Toni honey, I can’t understand you. Can you order Jarvis to send me the directions to my phone?” A muffled affirmative hum answers his question. “I’ll be there as quick as I can.”
“Oh, right.” Steve launches into a long-winded monologue about the importance of mission debriefs and reports. Most the agents’ eyes glaze over around the ten-minute mark but Sam has a knowing glance that as much as Steve wants to bore into stupor, he knows that there’s going to be a Conversation when they get back to HQ.
“Nah, I’ve got it.” Bucky sits up in his chair, spine military straight. “This charity has my name on it, and I don’t shirk my duties.”
“No?”
Cold blue eyes stare at Sam, slowly taking in every inch of the dark-skinned man without a spark of recognition blooming. Then with a quick movement, he turns toward the boarded-up window and breaks through it.
“So that’s four of us. Steve, Barnes, you and me.” I tell Pepper. She gives me the stink eye but says goodbye. “So Steve, now that we’re proud parents of this initiative, you have any ideas for what else this foundation can be for?”
Unlike all the other times he’s seen her, she’s far from looking put together. Smudges of eyeliner ring her whiskey colored eyes and traces of red lipstick stain the edges of her lips. Instead of designer labels and dangerous heels, she wears ratty jeans smeared with grease, a faded black t-shirt with a peeling logo of an obscure rock band, and easily the most beat up pair of Chuck Taylor’s. It’s kind of disconcerting to see her looking so vulnerable, while at the same time completely expected. After working on exposition pieces about the multiple philanthropic activities Toni did, he knows that she is much more at ease out of the war paint. It’s just… he’s only ever seen her when she looks every inch the powerful woman.
Yeah, nice try Rogers, I still find you much more attractive than tall, dark, and handsome over there.
My chest is heaving like I’d run a marathon and I lean over my knees, trying to breathe. Rhodey grabs my hand and starts counting, just like way back then when he used to help me through my panic attacks. He doesn’t say anything, just continues the count. I focus on the numbers, slowly regaining control over my breathing until I finally stop feeling like I’m going to die.
“Uh, no, I’m not.” He laughs uncomfortably. “I’m fine just going to Domino’s if you aren’t up for alcohol.”
Fury rips through me. Fucking Obie.
Her accusations made him feel guilty and rightfully so, he’d been staring at Toni for an inordinate amount of time that night. But as he’d told her: Toni is nothing more than a celebrity crush. Toni Stark is someone he admired. Someone that he, and anyone else really, could appreciate from afar. But she is not someone who he could ever have a relationship with. Not someone for whom he would jeopardize his relationship over.
Sleep, unsurprisingly, does not come easily to Steve after that warm thought.
Yinsen translates, his voice shaken.
Before my kidnapping, we’d been friends for well over two years. Barring Pepper and Rhodey, he became the person I interacted most. And they, being busy adults themselves, never had the same amount of time to just shoot the shit quite like Steve. I love Pepper and Rhodey, but sometimes all I wanted was to get Steve and go gallivanting around New York.
Stealthily, they climb the rickety stairs of Bucky’s apartment complex. They reach the apartment and after a single shared glance, they decide to knock.
Whatever Jarvis mutters is lost on me as I bound out of my lab and head straight to my elevator. It opens as soon as I arrive and closes just as quickly behind me. In seconds I arrive at the employee’s cafeteria floor.
Unsurprisingly, Steve doesn’t get on the jet with me and Rhodey. The two men share a long look before Steve gives me a soft smile and walks back to the Humvee without a word to me.
Steve has never been one to judge someone over their love life.
I suddenly feel heated, like my perfectly calibrated lab is hot and stuffy. “Uh, no it’s not a big deal. I have so much money it’s insane. I should be drafting better tax policies to send to the Senate instead.”
As always, I have no beta and any errors are mine alone. Kudos and Comments are very appreciated! :3
I know, that’s why I finally decided to come clean. Vanko had escaped almost as soon as he was placed in custody and with him went all the answers to my questions. Why was I attacked in Afghanistan? Was it really revenge for my father? Time is ticking for me, and I need to find answers to both the reason why I was abducted and how to survive the palladium. Having both of my best friends in the loop with my alter ego would ease some of the pressure on me.
Peggy’s acerbic words over his Toni crush abruptly came to mind.
“Sara?”
I let go of the whip, choosing to blast my repulsors at his face. In his surprise, he lets go of me, and I take advantage to grab hold of the whips.
And without another word to Steve, they walk into the elevator, Toni talking a mile per minute while Pepper looks increasingly bemused. When the doors close on then, the sudden silence surrounding Steve felt oppressing.
Whoa, talk about a curveball. “Wait, wait, what’s wrong Pep?” I frown, finally putting all my concentration on the call.
“Hey, handsome.” The throaty purr behind Steve’s shoulder almost made him spill the whisky over his rented tuxedo. Which would be a shame, it’s been years since he’s had whiskey that good. “Can I interest you in something?”
Luckily, nobody is waiting for the elevator. Mostly because by now all my employees are in their offices. Or at least they should be.
Steve finally perks up. “I think that we should hold a vote for each one, once a month. We get together, review cases, and vote. For this to work of course, we need to be uneven, so we need to choose someone to be an independent reviewer for the cases. I know a veteran councilor who would be perfect for the job.”
The first article is a long-winded rant about the perils of allowing a woman to create weapons, cleverly disguised misogyny as journalism, nothing new there. The second is something along the same lines with a dash of judgement on the US military for not having the armor under its control.
“An electromagnetic field to prevent the shrapnel from reaching my heart.” I finish for him.
Steve can keep his classified secrets that makes him go all lone wolf on me. It’s fine.
But the email had served a purpose: he’d surfaced from that deep cesspool of misery enough to interact with the world again.
“Thanks for comparing me to a god, my dude.” I say before handcuffing him to a lamppost. Titanium reinforced handcuffs that tighten automatically, there’s no way he’s getting out unless he chops off his arms. “Have a great day in jail.”
Iron Man steps forward. “The tesseract was stolen. The Avengers need to suit up.”
I let out a slow breath. “Okay, you win this time Pep.” I give her a wan smile. “Now I’m gonna finish my shower because we have a charity to organize.”
“I know. It’s an accident.” I sober when I remember that he must have had a hard time these past months what with Fury’s death. “I heard about Fury…”
I face the holoscreen. “Hey Eyepatch, miss me?” He scowls at me and I backtrack quickly before he hangs up on me. “Listen, I know you guys have heard about Iron Man.”
Well, now that’s interesting.
She survived and was on her way home.
My jaw clenches and I feel my eyes burning.
Heart pumping, Steve jumps over a smoldering car, keeping his shield close to his body. He always feels hyperaware when the adrenaline starts pumping, but they’d been fighting for well over an hour and the effects were starting to leave him jittery.
“Give me two cups of celery and orange juice, please.” I say to the girl behind the counter of the cute little green juice café. She couldn’t be any older than fifteen. Just looking at her made me feel positively ancient.
But I’m getting off topic. And ahead of myself too.
“Perks of having a direct pipeline to the boss.”
/-/-/-/
And phew thank fucking God he’d said no. My brain is still stuck in the fog of hormones triggered by the crisp, masculine scent of him and that was just because he touched my jaw.
As Steve picks his way past the now quiet snowscape, he fumes. Mostly because of his failure to find Bucky. But also because of his reluctant reliance on Iron Man. While Steve can understand hiding his identity from the world, there’s no reason why he should keep his identity from his teammates. Plus, the man is cocky and arrogant, always so quick to pick apart his orders and offer suggestions of what they could do better.
Although Peggy never saw it that way. And in the end, her point of view on the issue became the catalyst for their separation.
Time to get to work.
“No!” Steve yells at the man he’d been chasing after for months, the one who’d just shot at his husband in the air without a second thought. “Bucky that’s your fucking husband!”
“Play nice and maybe I can be nicer to you when you’re free.”
“I was just—”
Once I’m inside the elevator, I tell Jarvis to send me to the penthouse. Something tells me that today I have to look presentable and not like the gremlin from my lab. Once at my floor, I head straight to the shower, shedding my clothes as I go. I set my water as hot as I can stand it, finally giving my sore muscles some rest after being cooped up in the lab for so many hours.
“He wants to know if the amenities are agreeable to your tastes.” Yinsen murmurs to me without taking his eyes off the man. “If the great Toni Stark approves of the Ten Rings’ hospitality.”
“Maybe I should take care of it anyway.” I chew on my upper lip. I mean, I can always push back some of my visits to the charities…
The goon must see something in my face because he laughs and says something with a mocking tone.
“Come on Iron Man, I do not have all day.” A heavy accented male voice booms out from the suit. “I heard you have been looking for me.”
Toni laughs loudly. “Honey, are you even sure you want to interview me? Where’s the twenty questions about my love life?”
In the hallway, Steve pulls out his phone and opens the Twitter app. There are the usual memes that Clint posts. But there isn’t any mention of Toni, so he types her name into the search bar.
The doors slide back smoothly, and I get in.
“You and I will have words on this.” Steve grits out before stalking to his best friend.
“We were just talking about how many prosthetics we would be able to commit per year.” I make a face. “Yeah I know that ‘genius isn’t mass-produced’ or something like that but you’re the one who knows the R&D team best. Give me a number.”
I snort, yeah let’s have this groundbreaking conversation where I confess to my gold titanium alloy shenanigans in my bathroom.
In retrospect, his relationship with Peggy was never going to last.
“It does,” Tony interrupts, pressing his toes against Steve’s thigh. “If it matters to you, it matters.”
“Steve,” Tony calls, breaking into his thoughts. “You can come in.”
“Helpful.”
“So did I.”
“Shut the fuck up,” Clint says, the front legs of his chair slamming into the ground. “Did you—my mission, was that?”
“The military has kinks we may never know about,” Tony says seriously. “Ask Rhodey.”
“Some.”
“We are,” Tony says. “If you’re done here, want a ride back to the tower? We’ve got time before the reservation.”
“It doesn’t look so little,” Steve says dubiously, drawing his hand back. “Why aren’t you at a hospital?”
It’s been a long time since he’s had someone take care of him. Been a long time since anyone has wanted to.
“Tony—”
“So you’re gonna move in?”
“Oh, Rhodey’s a lost cause,” Tony says with a smile. “Sometimes I think he enjoys pulling me out of scrapes.”
“And?”
“Roger that, Rogers,” Tony says.
“I did,” Steve says, one hand stroking Tony’s thigh through the sheet, sending shivers through Tony’s body. “I do. I don’t know how to make you realise that.”
“Here’s hoping,” Steve mutters under his breath, but not quiet enough for Tony to ignore, and he stumbles a little on his way to the back room. “Let me lock up,” Steve calls after Tony. “Go on through.”
“They’re not our kids,” Steve says. “And they were fine. Clint left on a mission with SHIELD, Bruce has been in his lab, and Natasha isn’t comfortable with the idea of Bucky coming here if we find him.”
“Do you?”
“Tony—”
Tony tries to catch his breath as he watches Steve wipe his hand on the sheets. “Good?” Steve asks, resting his chin on Tony’s thigh and looking up at him.
Tony’s about to start begging when he suddenly feels Steve’s cock start to slide inside him, thick and unyielding. “Fuck,” he gasps, feeling like the air is being punched out of him with every inch of Steve’s cock. “You—
“What they’re doing isn’t journalism,” Steve says, craning his neck and looking at Tony.
“Hey, Cap?” Tony’s voice echoes in his ear.
“Then we take them down as well.”
“Call it a flaw.”
“Hinky?”
“Tell me what you need,” Steve says, his voice low, like he knows exactly what it is Tony isn’t asking for.
“Whatever you want,” Steve says, grabbing a bowl of chips and a tub of dip from the tray and leaning back, his shoulder brushing against Tony’s arm as he settles in.
Steve raises an eyebrow at him. “Really?”
Tony lands next to Steve, flipping his faceplate up and meeting Steve’s gaze. “Steve? Steve, you with me?”
“Do you? Because when I found out that Obie was double dealing behind my back, it almost killed me. And that’s not even taking into account the fact he did try to kill me. Twice. Steve, there’s some rocks you don’t want to turn over.”
“Tony—that’s—” Steve’s cheeks heat up and he ducks his head. “You don’t have to say that.”
“Hey,” Steve says, putting down his book. “Come and sit down.”
“You need something.”
“That better be Steve because I’m not having anyone else’s mouth on me,” Tony says, lifting his head off the table and unconsciously leaning towards Steve.
“You looked cold.”
Finally getting the sheets off Steve, Tony curls up against his side and reaches down, pressing a kiss against Steve’s neck as he holds the satisfying weight of Steve’s cock in his hand. “Now this is a gift,” he says, hiding his smile against Steve’s neck. “All for me.”
“That’s—
Steve gets off the couch and picks up a ball, throwing it across the workshop, not thinking anything of it when Dum-E brings it back to him, but there’s a groan from Tony. “What?”
“Another kiss.”
,” Tony bites out as Steve runs a hand across his rapidly hardening cock through the sheets, the fabric sliding against his skin. “Okay, okay,” Tony says. “Can you do something while you’re down there?”
“Your dad founded SHIELD, so did Peggy,” Steve says. “If what you’re saying is true then—”
Tony’s mouth falls open slightly for a split second before he flashes a grin at Steve. “I don’t think you on top of me would end in sleep, but we could try.”
“If Hydra are in SHIELD, then everyone you know is in danger anyway, Steve, it wouldn’t be your fault,” Tony says. “Clint was set up on that last mission, and we don’t know how many other agents could be working for them.”
Steve leans back and looks at Tony. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Why would it be a problem?”
“Good wow?” Steve asks, as Tony moves closer to him, practically sprawling over Steve’s lap.
So Steve’s left to find ways to occupy his days, and there’s only so many times he can visit the gym to test new equipment for Tony. There’s things he wants to catch up on, but movies are a little less interesting without Tony by his side making comments, and he’s too restless to sit and read a book. JARVIS makes a comment about his pacing wearing a hole in the carpet and Steve laughs, realising he’s being ridiculous. Taking it as a hint to burn off some energy, Steve grabs a jacket and heads out of the tower.
“Okay,” Tony breathes out when the kiss ends, his lips slightly swollen. “We won’t forget it.”
Steve takes a hard look at Tony and sees how tired he is. He walks around the desk and tentatively rests his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Did you get any sleep last night?”
“They don’t want you to have time to make a plan,” Tony says. “It’s smart, in a diabolical way.”
“Hey,” Tony says, climbing onto Steve’s lap, knees either side of Steve’s thighs. “Anything for you. You know that.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupts. “If I didn’t want to tattoo you, I wouldn’t be here. I get to pick my clients. Now get your ass inside the shop.”
There’s an answering hum from Steve as he tilts his head in Tony’s direction, and Tony takes that as a response.
Steve doesn’t say anything to that, just waits for Tony to put the pan on the stove. There’s no way to avoid being close to Tony like this, and for the first time in a long time, Steve wishes he was the old him, or at least that he could stand there without his shoulders bumping into Tony each time he stirs the hot chocolate.
Tony shrugs. “I was scared. And I wasn’t ready to face rejection from someone I loved.”
Steve looks at Tony and finds there’s a set to Tony’s jaw Steve’s never seen before, a steely determination in his eyes. “You really believe that?” Steve asks quietly.
Eyeing the security, Steve walks through the scanner, a flood of relief flowing through him when he passes. Pierce doesn’t take his eyes off him and Steve raises an eyebrow. “Something to say?”
“Guess I’ll have to take that,” Tony says, squeezing Steve’s knee. “Good luck.”
“Dirty old man,” Tony says as he pushes down his sweatpants, kicking them off to the side before he climbs on Steve’s lap. “What do you want, huh? Want to hold me down on the bed? Get off on how much smaller I am now? Want me to ride you? Hold my hips tight as you fuck me?”
“Hey, I’m the last one to judge,” Tony says. “If all you want is to get it out, I’ll sit here and work and ignore everything you say.”
“They haven’t told me what it is,” Steve says. “So I don’t know.”
Frowning, Tony pokes his stomach. “Didn’t have abs back then,” he says almost absently. “Guess being a superhero is good for something.”
“You looked really hot,” Steve says, shrugging helplessly. “You knew what would happen.”
Steve’s hand cups Tony’s face firmly, pulling him closer, and Tony can only go with it. Wants to go with it, point of fact, wants nothing more than for Steve to take control of this moment. And Steve does, his mouth softly pressing against Tony’s lips, coaxing them open as he kisses Tony with an urgency Tony didn’t expect but is all too happy to be on the receiving end of. Gripping Steve’s thigh harder, Tony resists the urge to climb in Steve’s lap, but only barely, wanting to be surrounded by Steve as much as humanly possible.
“I do,” Tony says, ducking his head a little as the water runs over his hair. “It’s not like it’s a permanent thing, we don’t live here.”
And that wasn’t anywhere in the realm of what Tony expected. “Tell me,” he says. “Steve, let me help you. Is it—”
“You can’t hear me thinking,” Steve says. “That’s not a thing.”
“Please,” Natasha says, looking over her shoulder with a small smile. “He’s in the kitchen.”
“Bring the asset in,” he says. “Put him in the chair.”
But he doesn’t know if anyone’s coming for him.
Tony’s shivering by the time they make it out of the water and he doesn’t wait as Steve douses the fire, instead heading inside and jumping in the shower to warm up. He’s just finished washing himself when he hears a movement behind him and turns to see Steve joining him in the shower.
, and Tony could kind of tell that from watching him running all shirtless and sunkissed on the beach in the mornings over the past week, but having him in his space is—well, he’s glad for the excuse of escaping into the kitchen to pull together some food. Which, for Tony, involves opening a couple of bags of chips and pouring them into bowls before grabbing some dip from the fridge and shoving it all on a tray.
“You should’ve known him when he was a boy,” Peggy says, settling back against her pillows.
“You’re still hot.”
“Yes, sir?”
Steve laughs softly, watching the lights from the tree play over Tony’s face, making his eyes seem even warmer than they usually are. He’s not an idiot, he’s lived with this low level attraction to Tony for years, but ever since Tony came back to the team it’s grown. After Ultron, Steve missed Tony without even realising it. He’d come visit, bringing new tech and uniforms, and stealing off Steve’s plate when they all ate, but it wasn’t the same.
But she’d been sure that distance and time was what she needed to get her head on straight regarding their relationship and nothing he said made her change her mind.
Thankfully, our table gives us perfect visibility of the main entrance, just right for when one of us arrives earlier than the other, and I see the moment Steve walks in. And boy, judging by the throbbing vein on the side of his neck and a jaw clenched so tight it’s honestly a sight, is he in a mood.
There’s a man in the room with a backpack slung over his shoulder, stringy dark hair to his shoulders, worn flannel and jeans, and a matte black prosthetic. He only shares the high-tech arm with the Bucky Barnes that disappeared a year and a half ago. His expression is shuttered and closed off, the fingers of his prosthetic arm clenching and unclenching as he stares at the interlopers.
But by that time, it’s too late. He takes the rifle from the dead soldier next to him and slips back into that mentality that saved him years ago when he led men to die and kill for their country. The weapon is a familiar heavy weight in his hands and it’s enough to make everything around him a blur until it clicks empty.
“Cap?” Tony calls through the comms. “You—”
“We were going to get dinner, right?” Steve asks, in a desperate attempt to change the subject before his pants start feeling too tight.
Steve’s arm curls around Tony’s waist as they both drink their coffee, Steve soaking in the warmth radiating from Tony’s body while he half listens to Clint talking about the mission he just got back from. “Wait,” he says. “Clint, go back, what happened?”
And then Steve got kidnapped and Tony put the suit back on to lead the team in rescuing him.
Steve frowns as the market comes into view. “I’m not most people,” Steve says. “And I want to give you a gift.”
“For telling you to come to my shop.”
“Because you’re very perceptive.”
Steve cuts him off with a kiss, part of him still amazed at the fact he gets to have Tony like this, pressed up against him like there’s nowhere else in the world he’d rather be. Tony’s hands are gripping Steve’s hips firmly, and Steve pushes forward, groaning when he feels the line of Tony’s hard cock against his.
“Can you—” Steve pauses before he narrows his eyes. “Take your pants off.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, feeling his cheeks heat up even though he knows there’s no way Tony can know what he was just thinking. “Christmas market.”
“It’s okay,” Tony interrupts. “You’re not a bother. Pepper used to—I mean she used to be the one telling me to take care of myself, and now she’s gone I—well I didn’t expect anyone to pick up where she left off. JARVIS tries but there’s only so much he can do.”
“I think, Steve, that says more about your taste than it does about either of us,” Peggy says, voice clouded with amusement. “You may want to ponder that.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, something settling in his brain as Steve works on him. “It’s good.”
Tony offers him a tight smile. “No, it’s not that,” he says. “Contrary to popular belief I don’t need people fawning over me, but I, uh. I have this thing in my chest, and anyone tattooing me would need to know.”
Steve laughs and pushes up on his elbows, looking down at Tony. He looks gorgeously fucked out, messy hair and a lazy orgasm induced smile on his face, and Steve’s fingers itch to pick up a pencil and sketch him like this. He’s never seen Tony look so relaxed and Steve wants to make it happen as many times as possible. “Take up yoga,” Steve says, carefully slipping out of Tony and detangling their limbs. “Because we’ll be doing that again.”
“That’s not very specific,” Steve says, tugging at the sheets until Tony’s cock is exposed. “There’s all kinds of things I could do.”
“No.”
“And people thought I’d be the bad influence on you,” Tony says, running his hand over his hair. He winces when he touches what feels like dried vomit, and quickly drops his hand to his lap. “I don’t—I thought you’d leave,” Tony says quietly, looking down at his hands, seeing the cuts and bruises on them. “I’m a mess, Steve.”
“Steve?” Tony asks, shaking Steve from his thoughts.
“I want to shower with you,” Steve says, opening his eyes and looking straight at Tony. “If that’s okay.”
Steve stands looking through the mirror, his arms folded across his chest to stop himself from clenching his fists as he watches a man being dragged into the room and forced into the chair. He’s shirtless, one arm made of metal, and when they strap his head to the headrest, Steve finally sees his face.
“Tony.”
The last person he had this with was Pepper, and Tony doesn’t know how to feel about that considering how it ended.
It’s not until Tony turns away from the mirror that he realises that’s the first time he’s stood in front of a mirror and not immediately had his gaze drawn to his scars.
“Sure,” Luca says. “You keep saying that. Iron Man.”
“Right,” Steve says carefully. “But, Tony—”
“Tony.”
Steve would swear there’s an audible click at the end of that, even though he knows phones don’t do that anymore, and he looks at Tony. “Guess that conversation with Nat is going to have to wait. Along with breakfast.”
“No, you got hit pretty good last night,” Steve says, the corners of his mouth turning up in a soft smile. “Reminded me of me. Smaller me.”
“What?” Steve asks, placing his glass back down.
Tony drives them into town, parking in the lot a little way down from the new bakery, and when Steve gets out he blinks against the falling snow. Sticking his hands in his coat pockets, he turns to look at Tony and finds him gazing up at the sky with wonder on his face. Steve swallows, watching the way Tony smiles as the snow falls on him, flakes catching on his eyelashes and the curls of his hair sticking out under the red beanie he’d tugged on before they left.
“It doesn’t matter what you believe,” Steve says. “I’m not here to prove my loyalty to you, and if you want to make me, well. Try it. See what happens.”
“Okay,” Tony says, in the softest voice Steve has ever heard coming from him. “Good pick.”
“It’s a watch.”
“It’s 9am.”
“I’ve got a lot of work to do, Cap.”
“A good way to be.”
“I don’t know why I decided to subject myself to this,” Steve says, leaning back in his chair, his chest feeling warm as he looks at Tony and Peggy. “You’re both terrible people.”
Steve can sit and paint with the older kids, can answer their questions and read stories in a hesitatingly slow voice, but he doesn’t have the ease that Tony has. Never will. Half the time he goes with Tony to these things, he spends staring at Tony and wondering how Tony does it. He could make a joke about the kids being on the same mental level, but that would diminish the very real connection Tony manages to make with the kids.
“Yeah,” Tony says with a small shrug. “For a while now.”
He dreams there’s no gag making his jaw ache and his mouth crack.
“I wasn’t sure at first, but you were there every morning, and I just—I knew,” Steve says with a shrug. “Look, I can go if you really want me to, but I—it seemed like an opportunity.”
Steve shifts and lets go of Tony. “If you’re going to call me that, I’m going to get food.”
“Twenty one, twenty two, something like that,” Tony says as he looks at one of the pictures. “I’d just taken over Stark Industries, was still a mess, obviously, and I—you know I don’t even remember who I was with when these were taken?”
“Yeah,” Tony says, a soft smile crossing his face, the lack of laugh lines throwing Steve off for a moment. “Fuck me.”
“I’m hungry is what I am,” Steve says, continuing to walk. “Where’s this food truck you promised me.”
“Before then, even,” Tony says. “Go on, do your worst, tell Steve my childhood shames, ruin his image of me.”
“And you’re wearing the sweater,” Tony says, a smile in his voice that’s all over his face when he looks up at Steve. “You like it?”
Steve feels his cheeks flush as Tony waves the photos at him, and he scratches the back of his neck awkwardly. “I guess.”
Steve’s heart is pounding against his chest as he watches Tony stumble off towards his bedroom, and once Tony’s out of sight he sits there, staring across the room at the night sky coming through the windows. “A date,” he mumbles to himself. “Oh shit.”
Steve wouldn’t be able to say where he ends and Tony begins, they’re a tangle of sweaty limbs as Steve fucks him, as Tony scrapes his blunt nails along whatever parts of Steve’s skin he can reach, and Steve’s completely lost in the physical feeling of being so enmeshed with Tony’s body.
Steve watches as the nanites crawl up Tony’s body and back into the casing until he’s standing there in the same jeans and t-shirt he’d been wearing at lunch. Holding the baby at arms length in front of him, Steve raises his eyebrows at Tony. “Take her,” he says, trying to find the right grip strength to not hurt her. “Tony—”
They don’t talk on the way home, Steve cradles a bunch of the cookies in his lap as Tony drives them back to the compound, a sense of dread settling on his shoulders. Steve wants to say something, knows he should if only to apologise to Tony, but he can’t find the words. He should’ve just kissed him on the cheek instead of—.
“Because my only other plan is to actually go to these horrible fancy parties and—wait, you would?”
In his explorations, Steve’s fingers brush over the fabric of the skirt, and he’s suddenly struck with an idea. Tugging at the fabric, Steve grins when it gives way easily under his strength, and he pulls harder until it’s ripped from the gold around Tony’s hips.
“I—” Tony’s at a loss for a response and he sighs, dropping his arms to his sides. “That’s a hard question to answer.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, tilting his face until their mouths are brushing together. “Please, I want—please.”
“You—” Steve cuts himself off and frowns. “Tony, you’ve been watching me jog down the beach every morning.”
“Steve—”
“That’s low, Romanoff,” Tony says. “Real low.”
“Steve.”
He has regrets this morning.
He doesn’t, he has some social skills as rusty as they are, and instead he steps back, gesturing for Steve to come in. “Hi,” he says. “You brought me flowers.”
“Can’t tell you,” Tony says. “I’m not—it’s a Christmas thing, not a work thing.”
“I only do that to people I don’t like,” Tony says. “Not people who I, uh—”
“You’re probably right.”
“Why would you—”
“I’m sorry.”
“Tony—”
Tony gets settled on the bench, and smiles to himself when he feels Steve place the cushion behind his back like he did at the last session. The noise of Steve setting up is familiar now, and he lets himself relax.
“You know,” Tony says, as he follows Steve into the apartment, pulling the door closed behind him. “When you said your place wasn’t far from the shop, I didn’t think you meant upstairs.”
“I’m glad you still have him.”
“Not—christ, do you get a lot of people coming in here showing you their dicks?” Tony asks before holding a hand up and shaking his head. “Wait, don’t answer that. Sam said there was a private room? Could we talk there?”
“Such giddy optimism,” Tony says, and Steve can’t tell if he’s being mocked or not. “Let me guess, SHIELD have put you up in a no window, one bedroom apartment that would make me cry if I set foot in it, right? Wait, don’t answer that. If you want to set yourself up in one of the non-destroyed rooms then feel free. I guarantee even with the new giant air conditioning space it’ll be cosier than whatever Fury’s done for you. And—”
“Tony, that’s not what I—”
“Then maybe you should go to bed.”
The next time Tony wakes up, the gag is gone, and he presses his lips together because he
“You look—” Steve breaks off as his fingers sneak underneath Tony’s sweater, seeking out his warm skin. “Really good.”
“And you’re not scared by that?”
“There’s a hotel over the street that does an amazing hot stone massage, give me five minutes and I’ll get you booked in.”
When Tony finally needs to catch his breath, he pulls away, and watches as Steve’s face breaks into a smile.
“Not right now,” Steve says, suppressing a shiver at Tony’s touch. “I was thinking something else.”
The combination of the praise, Steve’s hand on his neck, and Steve’s cock in his ass sends Tony’s head spinning, and as Steve starts to fuck him, it’s all he can do to hang on. Steve sets a brutal pace, slamming into Tony with each thrust, right up against his stinging ass, making Tony cry out as the sensations send pleasure through his entire body.
It’s a market day in Union Square, and he picks up some snacks along with some apple cider before settling in a quiet spot in the park to people watch. When he’s finished his food, he takes out the small sketchbook in his pocket and a pencil, and sets about challenging himself to do quick sketches of people who pass him by. It’s grounding, Steve likes the way sitting in the square on a busy day lets him be part of the modern world without having to actually interact with people. There’s some teenagers dancing a little way away, and Steve concentrates on trying to capture their movements, the fluidity of their bodies, attempting to make them come to life in his little book.
“The head,” she says. “Mr Stark—”
When they break the kiss, Tony’s looking at him, curiosity in his eyes. “Steve?”
Tony’s practically vibrating with excitement as he takes it from Steve, turning it so Steve can see the sides of the face. “When you get through security, after you’re sure they’re done scanning you, make a show of checking the time. Put a slight amount of pressure on the edges and that will activate it so I’ll be able to hear you. It’ll also record everything you hear, and I’ll be able to track you, so you won’t ever be alone.”
“I have no doubt.”
“Okay then,” she says. “Where do we start?”
“Relax.”
There’s a red flush on Tony’s cheeks, and he glances away. “Well. It seems to make people happy. Doesn’t make up for—” he cuts himself off. “It’s something, I guess.”
Whatever Steve would say is cut off by Tony laughing, and Steve’s taken aback by how free he looks, how relaxed and happy he is, and the realisation that Steve would do anything to make Tony laugh like that again. “Yeah,” he says hoarsely, not taking his eyes off Tony. “You might be right about that.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, turning to look at him. “Did you want to cram your sizable frame into a car for five hours? Because we can, if you’re complaining.”
He dreams of Steve.
Tony’s got on a damn Princess Leia outfit, gold curling around his chest and hips, with red fabric skimming over his crotch, and Steve’s brain feels like it’s shut down.
When Tony gets to the shop on Friday, Steve’s outside in a leather jacket eating a burger and Tony pauses, letting himself take in the long line of Steve’s body. The longer he looks, the more he starts to regret his choices. It’s not like he didn’t know Steve was attractive when he met him, but knowing that and realising they’re going to be alone in the shop with Steve’s hands on him for hours is an entirely different prospect.
“I know you do,” Steve says softly, leaning down and pressing a kiss against the back of Tony’s neck. “I know,” he says again, just before he brings his hand down, harder this time, and Tony
“Not anymore,” Steve says. “This is about all of us.”
up,” Tony says. “Natasha’s already asked where you are.”
“Not even a drunken one when in college,” Tony says. “But I unfortunately know my pain tolerance is high.”
“Tony—”
“Strip,” Steve says, his voice firm, but the tremble in his hand giving everything away. “I want you naked.”
“We’re not having sex in the sea.”
“You could, uh—” Steve breaks off and shakes his head. “Sorry,” he says, reaching for the box of tissues on the coffee table. Wiping himself clean, he drops the used tissues on the floor and stands up, refastening his jeans.
“I mean, I can, if you want, all you’ve got to do is say so.”
“Why didn’t you?”
Instead of answering, Steve sets off on a run, rounding the corner of the block in record time only to see Tony surrounded by a bunch of kids of varying ages. “Uh—Tony?”
A few weeks later, Steve’s on the couch in Tony’s workshop when his phone goes off. “Shit,” he says, putting down the tablet he’s been working on. “Tony?”
“Still not funny,” Steve sighs as he moves through the crowd, trying to urge people to get to a safe distance. There's no indication of what caused the explosion, and since there isn’t anyone running around trying to cause more chaos, Steve’s going to chalk it up to a horrible accident until he gets more information. Noticing how many people are bleeding, Steve shrugs his shirt off and starts tearing it into pieces, bandaging up what he can with what he has until the paramedics are able to get through the crowds.
“Roughly fourteen hours ago, sir.”
“I don’t want you to think that—” Steve breaks off and looks down at where their hands are intertwined for a moment before looking back up and meeting Tony’s soft gaze. “You know, SHIELD gave me all kinds of pamphlets, but there isn’t one for this. There’s nothing that tells me what to do when I wake up and think I can still smell my mom’s cooking. There’s nothing that tells me how to cope when I wake up freezing from a nightmare about being back under the ice. I can’t wave a wand and have any of this vanish, no one can.”
Steve rolls off the bed and ducks into the bathroom, grabbing a washcloth and dampening it under the faucet. When he comes out, Tony hasn’t moved from the bed and Steve just stares at him until Tony notices.
Tony raises his MIT mug and shrugs. “Hard to get a fresh start somewhere you’ve been before,” Tony says, lowering his mug and drinking from it. “I got Rhodey to find me a place I didn’t know, somewhere quiet, and this is where he picked.”
“It’s the truth.”
“I got to keep the leg, Tony.”
“I’ve noticed that,” Steve says, a small smile crossing his face.
“Maybe next time,” Steve says before he can think better of it, part of him wanting to see how Tony reacts. It’s nothing more than a softening of the grin, a slight widening of his eyes as if Tony’s surprised but satisfied, and Steve tentatively returns the smile. “Get some rest, please, I need you to be with me on this meeting later.”
Letting out a low rumble of a laugh, Steve rids himself of the rest of his clothes, tucking his shoes neatly underneath the couch, and he stands there fully nude as Tony looks him over. “Now you,” Steve says, closing the gap between them and sliding his hands underneath Tony’s hoodie, only finding bare skin. “Can’t shower in all this.”
“Not in the slightest,” Tony says. “This is how all my days should end from now on.”
“Me too,” Tony says, his fingers rubbing a small circle against Steve’s hip. “I missed you a lot.”
“I don’t know what to do when we leave here.”
“I don’t want to hurt you,” Steve says as he gets the stencil onto Tony’s skin. “I don’t do this job to hurt people, I did enough of that in the army.”
“Hmm?” Tony looks at him, his cheeks already reddening with the cold. “What was that?”
“Then turn around so I can get your back,” Tony says with a smile. He quickly washes Steve’s back, trying to hide a smile when he hears Steve let out a muffled groan at the pressure of Tony’s hands on his lower back. “Enjoying that?”
“The choice might get taken out of your hands, depending on Pierce.”
Tony swallows. “Were?”
Steve nods, his eyes not betraying anything, and he drops his hand from Tony’s face before he takes the few steps and opens the drawer. “That’s a lot of pill bottles,” he says without judgement.
“There’s nothing to be scared of,” Tony says. “He’s just a baby.”
“I’m fine,” Steve says. “Keep on him, I can’t—” Steve’s cut off as he catches a kick to the face and he stumbles backwards, falling into a dugout.
“Yes,” Steve says quickly, probably too quickly if he’s being honest about it. “I—yes.”
“You brought the wine, so figured I should provide something,” Tony says, taking the glass Steve hands him. “And I don’t mean to sound so much like a book club member, fuck.”
Steve can feel Natasha’s eyes on him as Tony sits down next to Steve, an everything bagel with cream cheese and capers on a plate that he puts on the table. Clint’s rocking on a backwards chair as he chews on some toast, and as Steve looks around at them all, he wonders how exactly he’s meant to say what he needs to.
Tony drops his hand to his lap and shrugs. “Sure,” he says. For a moment, all Tony is aware of is the sound of the waves outside lapping at the shore, the scent of the sea air floating through the still open door, but then—.
“Okay you’ll move in with me?”
“I’ll bring—not wine,” Steve says with a grimace. “Sorry.”
“Peggy, no,” Tony says, covering his face. “God.”
“But I—
Tony’s got his legs wrapped around Steve’s hips, kissing him as they stumble through the bedroom doorway, Steve holding him up with one arm as the door closes behind them. The bed is still messy from when they left it this morning, and Tony wriggles as Steve lets him down on the sheets. Looking up at him, Tony licks his lips as he runs his eyes down Steve’s body. They’d been in the gym before the meeting and Steve’s still clad in track pants and a tank top. Pausing at the bulge in Steve’s pants, Tony smiles and looks back up to meet his eyes.
“It’s nothing.”
“Don’t you trust me?”
There’s the rustle of Steve’s pants being pushed down, the familiar sound of the lube being flicked open, then Tony’s being hauled up on his knees. He goes with it willingly, and finally there’s the slow drag of Steve’s cock against his ass. Any other day, Tony would push Steve on his back and take what he needs, but today he doesn’t want to do that. His head is swimming happily in the realm of submission, and all he wants is for Steve to take care of him in the way that only Steve can.
Tony’s waiting for him just inside the private entrance of the tower, and as soon as Steve sees him, his facade crumbles. “Tony, I—”
“We have field agents,” Natasha says. “Deep cover across the world, if we expose all of SHIELD’s secrets, they’re all in danger.”
Tony’s cock is leaking precome all over his stomach, and Steve can’t resist running his hand over the mess, pressing his fingers against the soft skin, but avoiding Tony’s cock. Bringing his hand up to his mouth, Steve meets Tony’s eyes and licks it, a grin crossing his face when Tony groans.
“It’s hideous,” Steve says, glancing down at the flashing lights on his chest for a moment. “But thank you.”
“That’s because you’re always losing them,” Steve says. “I hope I got Dum-E and U right, I tried to sketch them when I was down there, but I couldn’t bring the canvas down there without ruining the surprise, so—”
“You make me happy,” Steve says. “That means something. It means a lot.”
“I do,” Steve interrupts. “I really do.”
“Yes, Captain?”
Steve cups the side of Tony’s face and drags him in for a quick kiss. “Still cheating?” he asks, thumb stroking Tony’s cheekbone.
Steve awkwardly scratches the back of his head before he meets Tony’s eyes. “I care,” he says. “I know you have work to do, and us invading your life only added to your workload, and I’m not trying to be a bother, but—”
“Want you to come in me,” Tony’s muttering in Steve’s ear. “Want you to fill me up and keep going, don’t pull out, I know you can, I want to be full of you.”
There’s a muffled cough from Steve and he swallows his mouthful of burger. “I’d be careful who you say that to,” he says once he’s done. “Hi.”
“Sorry for stopping by so late.”
“In the back,” Steve says eventually, an amused look on his face. “I’m going to shut down the front of the shop, less chance we’ll get a drunk banging on the window.”
Tony stands up, needing to be on equal footing if they’re going to talk about this. “You’re not the only one who gets nightmares,” he says. “I can deal with that, I promise. And—” he breaks off for a moment before he decides to go all in. “I would like to stay, if you’re okay with it.”
“The shed you might blow up?”
“I thought we were,” Steve says, a slightly sad smile crossing his face. “But I can understand why you’d ask that. All I can do is say I’m sorry,” he continues. “And I truly am, Tony. You have no idea how glad I am you survived so I could say that, so that we could get a shot at mending this.”
“For wrapping a bow around my cock? I’m sure that's just what the Army was thinking of when I signed up.”
“Hey, Nat?” Steve asks as they stand up. “If we do find him, are you—with your history, are you going to be comfortable with it?”
Steve lets Tony turn him around, and he hears the click of the shower gel bottle before Tony’s hands are on his skin, slowly massaging his muscles. A groan slips out of Steve’s mouth without meaning to, and the more Tony touches him, the more the weight of the day starts to catch up with him. Steve’s chest tightens and it’s only the feel of Tony’s hands on him that grounds him, stops him from sinking to the floor of the shower and crying. As it is, he can’t stop the tears that have started to run down his face, and Steve closes his eyes as he tips his face to the water and tries to hide them.
“No, I—it’s fine,” Tony says as he adjusts his tank top from where it rode up. “I forget, sometimes.”
“Cap.
Once the tattoo has been wrapped up and Steve’s reminded Tony of the aftercare instructions, Tony carefully slides his t-shirt back over his head and picks up his jacket, shifting from foot to foot as he watches Steve start to clean up. “Do you want me to pay and go?” Tony asks, eventually.
Everything’s blurry, and the gag is still in his mouth, but—. It’s Steve, it is, it’s Steve, and he’s there, but Tony can’t speak and he just wants—. With his now free hands, Tony goes to pull at the gag, but Steve’s hands stop him, and Tony looks at him in confusion.
“Okay, we don’t have to bring up my stealth skills,” Tony says, closing his eyes and tilting his head back up to the sky.
“The kids thing? I—one day, right?”
“I hate this,” Tony interrupts, waving an arm in the air. “Look at me, this is ridiculous.”
“It’s fine,” Tony yells through the door. “I know what it did and I’m just going to stay in here until it goes away.”
“Bossy,” Tony says, winking at Steve as Steve holds the door open for him. “I like it. Where do you want me?” Tony’s choice of words are deliberate, and he’s entertained as he watches Steve’s face go through a series of suppressed expressions.
“If it’s him, if he is The Winter Soldier, you’re not going to like what you find.”
Steve slips a bookmark between the pages and puts the book down, shifting his legs out of the way as Tony sits on the couch. “Sam’s gone home for Christmas, Natasha left this morning to go... somewhere, I didn’t ask and she didn’t tell me.”
He wants to take his time, he does, but Tony’s so goddamn tight around him that Steve doesn’t think he can. He just wants to get lost in Tony’s body, wants to fuck him hard until he’s filling him up, making him cry out in pleasure, and from the way Tony’s clinging to him, that’s exactly what Tony wants as well.
“I don’t think I’m the only one who needs to get some sleep,” Tony says, squeezing Steve’s hand.
“What?” Steve furrows his brow at the way Tony’s avoiding his eyes. “What are you—”
“You—” Tony wrinkles his nose. “Really?”
“I’ll heal,” Steve says, looking down at his blood soaked gloves. “I—he shot me.”
“Tony—”
“Yeah,” Tony says, curling his legs around Steve’s body. “I want to see you.”
And he thinks maybe that should scare him more than it does.
“What?” Tony looks up at Steve, his face suddenly so close that all Tony would have to do is—. He shouldn’t. He knows he shouldn’t. But, fuck, he
“Jesus, Tony,” Steve says quietly. “If you weren’t freshly tattooed I’d fuck you through this couch tonight.”
“Life is hard, sweetcheeks.”
“Bed,” Tony mumbles against Steve’s mouth. “I want you.”
“That’s not it,” Steve says, getting on the bed, the med kit next to him. Opening it, Steve rummages around until he finds some bruise cream, and he gestures for Tony to come closer. Tony takes a sip of the coffee before putting the mug back on the nightstand and inching closer to Steve. “You don’t make me uncomfortable,” Steve says as he starts to gently rub the cream on Tony’s face. “Not in the way you’re thinking.”
“Cute,” Tony says. “Do I get to see what you’re putting on me?”
“So, roast beef?”
Time passes, and he’s almost finished with a sketch of two men and their baby having a small picnic when his phone buzzes in his pocket. Closing his sketchbook, Steve fishes his phone out and there’s a warmth in his chest when he sees a photo of Tony flashing on the screen.
“Hey, no, he was your friend,” Tony says, reaching over and covering Steve’s hand with his own. “You don’t have to feel guilty about that.”
“Union Square Park,” Steve says, getting up to stretch his legs. He walks towards the market and stops at one of the stalls. “Hey, you want a muffin?”
“Is it?” Steve asks. “I trusted you when we—”
“Have issues?”
“You can cook.”
“I told you,” Tony says, shifting his ass back into Steve’s touch. “Just fuck me.” Tony’s barely got the words out before Steve’s slipping his thumb inside him, and he can just picture the smug smile on Steve’s face. “
“Thanks,” Steve says, taking a seat on the couch. “You didn’t have to do this.”
“Do you still love me?”
Steve huffs out a laugh and looks at Tony. “I think at the very least I should figure out if I want to be Captain America anymore.”
Tony meets Steve’s gaze, the fierceness he sees there going straight to his cock. “I can do it,” he says with a small smile. “If you kiss me.”
Letting out a sigh, Tony hopes he’s past the age of inappropriately timed boners and crosses the street. “Hi,” he says as he reaches Steve. “Ready for you to hurt me.”
“Yeah, but—”
“Got it, Cap.”
“I know what you mean,” Tony says as he turns in Steve’s arms.
Steve jumps at Tony’s voice, dropping the pictures on the floor, suddenly painfully aware of how tight his pants are. “I was just—” Steve stops talking as Tony kneels down, picking up the pictures.
The morning sunlight is slipping through the thin curtains, casting a golden glow over Steve’s skin, and Tony watches the rays play across Steve’s face as he reacts to what Tony’s doing to him. It’s quiet in the bedroom, the silence only broken by Steve’s low gasps and groans, and Tony would swear they’re goddamn best sounds he’s ever heard in his life.
“Ease off, soldier,” Pierce says. “This isn’t a test.”
Tony’s pressed up right alongside him, and Steve feels ridiculous. He’s faced off against Nazis, and Gods, and whatever that thing was that came up from the sewers last month but—. Fuck, he’s terrified. “I’m not—it’s not that,” he says, even though it is. “Babies, they don't like me. I’m too big, I guess, they always cry and I don’t know what to do with them.”
“That I only ever belonged to you?”
“Just saying.”
“Good,” Steve says. He runs a hand through Tony’s hair, messing up his already unkempt bedhead, and laughs when Tony tries to see what he’s doing. “Tony, I don’t know the right thing to say here, hell I don’t know the right thing to say in a lot of situations, but having you with me—I wouldn’t be able to do this without you. And part of me feels like this is where I was always meant to end up.”
Tony makes a wounded noise and huddles closer to Steve. “You should feel lucky I’m allowing you to live,” he says, shooting a glare at Clint. “Your new arrows are being put on the back burner,” he continues as Bruce hands him a refilled mug of coffee. “Bruce, however, will be getting stretchy Hulk pants as soon as I can make them.”
“Huh,” Tony says, gathering the polaroids in his hands and raising an eyebrow. “Forgot about these.”
“Good way to live,” Sam says, raising an eyebrow. “Okay, let me get Steve and you two can chat.”
“Boss, I have that list,” FRIDAY chimes in.
Tony shifts on the sand and sighs, crossing his arms over his chest wondering why he can’t just stay on the beach by the fire making s’mores while Steve gets his nightswimming on. It’s a perfectly acceptable thing to be doing. “Steve, I—”
,” Tony grunts as the blankets twisted around his ribcage tug too tightly against his bruised skin. “Shit,” he says, taking in a sharp breath as he detangles himself from the blankets, forgetting that he’s naked underneath them. When he looks up, Steve’s very carefully not looking down, a light flush across his face, and that reaction almost makes Tony’s headache vanish.
“No,” Steve says, watching the way Tony’s biting at his bottom lip, turning it as red as the fabric wrapped around his wrists. “You, like this? Only I get to see this.”
“Wanna come while you’re fucking me,” Tony says, his voice strained. “Used to be able to—didn’t need anyone touching me.”
