John was frustrated and lonely. Sherlock had just phoned to let him know his return from Berlin had been delayed due to new developments in the case he was following.
He hadn’t teased Sherlock, for it was not the moment to show the other man how good his Personal Companion could make him feel. He had just worked to bring him to a quick orgasm, because it was what Sherlock needed.
John couldn’t help but stare. His soon to be lover was all creamy, pale skin and long, lean lines, without an ounce of spare fat on him. His rosy length was erect and perfectly proportioned to his body. John’s mouth went dry at the sight. He had never imagined he would ever consider a male body as beautiful, but Sherlock’s certainly was.
Sherlock Holmes, the world’s only consulting detective was lying on a couch too short for him, staring at the ceiling of his room in the London Breeding House. A room with a door locked from outside, bars at the window and furniture bolted to the floor. A cell for all intents and purposes, in which he had been closed for the previous five days.
John bit his lower lip. “How should I address you, sir?”
They had gotten closer after Baskerville. Sherlock had become more…affectionate, using every occasion to brush against or touch John. There also been gentle smiles and speculative looks when Sherlock thought John would not see him. More than once the Omega had thought his bondmate was about to kiss him, and he had longed for it. Then Moriarty had resurfaced and things had changed.
Sherlock nodded and John let go of his face. He wrapped his arms around his lover’s back, caressing the taut muscles as the movements resumed. The pace escalated quickly, each thrust punctuated by a growl, and then Sherlock dipped his head and bit down.
“A bit singed...” John said with a small grin. “Very sore, but otherwise fine. You?”
“I don’t need protection,” Sherlock sulked.
And then, of course, there had been Irene and Janine, but Sherlock didn’t want to remember them now.
“Why are you going out at night dressed like that?” John retorted.
In the end Sherlock had been more than happy to let himself to be convinced to try again, after Janine entered in his life and everything in the world seemed to be right.
“You know I'm your landlady, dear, not your housekeeper,” she gently chided him, but Sherlock ignored her.
John gritted his teeth, biting back his instinctive response “What about what I want?” He knew it would not change anything of what it was about to happen.
“What about these suicides, then, Sherlock?” she asked, “I thought that'd be right up your street. Three exactly the same.”
When he raised his eyes, Sherlock noticed John was looking at him with expectation, as if he believed Sherlock’s perusal meant he would now want to have sex with him.
John had obeyed to the other man’s wishes and kept his hands to himself, as he learned how to fit in his Master’s life.
“Hi,” John smiled back. “How was it?”
John pushed it away and murmured, “Let me take care of you.”
John left the alley, slowly walking back toward the flat. His eyes were moist with the tears he refused to let fall.
“The homeless network’s reports?” John guessed.
Sherlock pulled his head away with a groan, his lips red and swollen and his cheeked flushed. “Take them off,” he ordered gesturing at John’s clothes.
There was a sigh, then John scooted over the mattress and raised the covers. “Lay down at least. You’ll be warmer.”
Sherlock almost forgot to breathe in reaction to the blinding smile the House Manager gave him. He knew what it meant: the Omega was ready and the dreaded time had come. He would be forced to bond.
John was expecting a positive answer, as the case sounded rather intriguing, and thus was surprised when Sherlock shook his head.
Finally, the eyes John had so admired in the photo had turned to be even more beautiful, because they changed colour according to the light or, perhaps, their owner’s moods.
“You really mean it…” Sherlock whispered after a while, eyes filled with wonder.
The manager smiled again, pleased everything had gone smoothly. “Now relax, John, and let the drugs do their job. It will cause you some discomfort, of course, as you aren’t used to heats, but in the end it will be worth it. You’ll get a new Alpha who will care for you, hopefully for the rest of your life. Isn’t it an exciting thought?”
Surprised and filled with a warmth that had nothing to do with the prospect of sleeping beneath a quilt, Sherlock lost no time. He toed off his shoes, shed his jacket, and slipped in bed.
“Like what you see?” Sherlock asked with a smirk.
From the moment he had heard Jefferson Hope say that name, Sherlock had longed to know who Moriarty was, because the idea there was a person who sponsored serial killers had been so intriguing.
Then John’s gaze darkened and he whispered, a little hesitantly. “May I kiss you?”
“Oh.” Sherlock’s expression softened and he put a hand on John’s shoulder, squeezing gently.
“I worry about him. Constantly.”
Sherlock stirred and raised his head, looking at him with a smile. “Hi,” he whispered.
When his affair with Irene had progressed to sexual intercourse, Sherlock had done his best to pleasure her and made her happy, but evidently his best had not been enough for her, and she had looked for more in Godfrey Norton’s arms.
As John’s bonded Alpha he had all the rights to have his Omega attend to his needs, but…there were two big ‘buts’.
Their parents and Mycroft himself had tried hard not to make Sherlock feel like an outcast, but it was impossible to shield him from other people’s malice.
As if he was aware of Sherlock’s scrutiny, John then wake up and asked, his voice rough with sleep, “Sherlock? What are you doing standing there?”
Sherlock muttered a soft, indistinct sound and then fell silent, his breathing deepening.
Silence fell in the cab, as John digested what he had just head. Then he exclaimed awed, “That... was amazing.”
The bitter-salty taste of his seed was still sharp in his mouth, similar to that of the many men John had serviced in life, and yet completely different. As unique as Sherlock himself.
“I agree,” Mycroft nodded. “That's why I decided to tell him that.”
Mycroft Holmes smiled again and murmured, “I appreciate it, but I hope it will never be necessary. Now follow me, it’s time to go home. Your phone chirped twice while we were talking and I’m willing to bet it was Sherlock.”
“Good.” Sherlock sat on the leather armchair in front of him and looked at him. “You look shocked,” he commented. “Also worried...oh, I see. You’re concerned about not having anything to do and having to be celibate.” Sherlock scrunched his nose. “Well, you don’t need to worry. You can come and go from this flat and look for a job. I think Mycroft could help you to find a place as a GP. You’ll need to have to pass some exams to qualify for the profession, of course, but it could be done. You’re also free to make friends and spend time with whomever you wish, and have a romantic relationship with a partner of your choice, as long as you keep it discreet—the Royal Harem Committee must not know about it. Just don’t bring your partners here, I don’t like new people in my flat.” Sherlock paused for a moment, then asked. “Is that all right for you John? Do you have any questions?”
Making his mind and having a plan calmed John, but he remained so embarrassed and off kilter for the whole day that he didn’t confront Sherlock about the previous night escapade. But he didn’t forget the episode and by evening he had formulated a plan of action.
“Not much. The killer was very careful not to leave any trace on the victim. I can only add Majors was very drunk. His blood alcohol concentration was 1.4, strong enough to cause confusion, disorientation and loss of balance.”
Sherlock nodded curtly, resolutely squashing the pain in his heart. “Yes. I miss her company—but that doesn’t mean I should replace her with a... sex slave!”
“I don’t see any,” John commented, looking around.
His Master looked at him, surprised. “That’s the first thing you want to know? Interesting.” A brief pause, then he started talking again, so fast John had a bit of trouble following. “I didn't know, I saw. The way you held your body and tilted your head was carefully chosen to make you look taller and show your features at your best. As you’re in your early forties, it wasn’t a difficult leap to deduce you believe your short height and ordinary features are the reason you weren’t chosen as a Personal Companion previously. Your face is tanned, but no tan above the wrists. You've been abroad, but not sunbathing. As we talked you unconsciously assumed a parade at rest stance, suggesting you had to deal with someone accustomed to military discipline who wanted it from you too. I also noticed a callus on your left index finger and a slight burn, both compatible with the use of firearms. My conclusion was you just spent a period abroad, in a hot climate with a military man who taught you to use firearms. I immediately thought of Afghanistan or Iraq. Finally, there is a rolled magazine peaking for your duffel bag; it's a bulletin available only to doctors and it bears your name and address, so you’re a medical doctor too.”
Sherlock climbed up the stairs and John followed him, his mind in turmoil. His friend sounded so serious, but really vampires didn’t exist and it was impossible as a scientific mind as Sherlock’s could believe otherwise.
Before John knew it, a whole month elapsed since he had become Sherlock Holmes’ Personal Companion.
Sherlock then turned to look at John, who was still lazing on the mattress and exclaimed, “What are you doing still there?! Come on, there is a dead man in St. James Park, hanged by his feet!”
“Yes,” he answered with a small smile. “How are-” Sherlock never completed the line as John threw his arms around him and pulled him down in a strong, almost desperate embrace. Sherlock froze for an instant, taken aback by the sudden unexpected move, then gingerly tried to hug John’s back as he could given their positions.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. “Intense. Beautiful. I never thought it could be like this.” A pause, then, “When can we do it again?”
He had gone into that room only intending to do what he was required to do as quickly as possible, and return to his life as nothing had happened. But now, looking into those expressive eyes and hearing that name made him realize something he had pushed into the back of his mind since Mycroft had first proposed this solution.
Sherlock looked straight into his eyes and spoke quickly, “I know you're an Army doctor and you've been invalided home from a war zone. I know you had a previous bond which lasted about fifteen years, and that you had your O-Gland removed as a teenager. I also know you've got a brother who is an alcoholic and recently walked out on his wife.”
“I'm not implying anything. I'm sure Sally came round for a nice little chat and just happened to stay over. And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees.”
Sherlock sat on the couch and spread them on the coffee table, looking like he was trying to put some order in them.
It was while waiting for Sherlock’s return from the morgue that he had realized for the first time that his feelings for his bondmate had changed. Their friendship had evolved in something different…he had fallen in love.
“Oh, my meddlesome brother.”
“You can talk, Johnny boy.” Moriarty encouraged him.
They settled on their sides facing each other, resuming their kissing and exploring. John didn’t know what to touch and caress first, so he let his hands roam at will over Sherlock’s chest, back and buttocks.
John was used to Sherlock’s peculiar habits, to the days of silence, the lack of eating and the violin music in the middle of the night—but this was new. It was like Sherlock had fallen in hibernation.
John grinned too as he stood up. He was deeply grateful for what Sherlock had done, but understood the other man did want to downplay the magnitude of his gift. So he went along with playful tone and added, “I see, you would be lost without your trusted sidekick.”
Sherlock’s pupils dilated. “More than everything,” he replied, his voice deeper than usual. He set the cane near the bedside table and settled on the mattress, reclining on his back as his eyes never left John’s.
“No, I can't believe that,” Sherlock replied. “But I did see it, so the question is, how? How?”
He felt heat scorch his back and the cold water was a relief and not just a protection from the hell raging around them. There were flames and smoke, debris and pieces of broken glass falling and flying all around.
“Those women were idiots, both of them! They had a treasure in their hands and threw it away!” John all but snarled, eyes blazing with anger.
“Busted knee ligaments. I’ll need surgery, but not right now.” Sherlock answered and while the doctor in John wanted to know more about the injury, the man agreed it could wait.
And now here they were, under the threat of sniper rifles and with the prospect of an explosion as only possible way out.
“Piss off!”
“Oh, God, yes,” John replied, making his point by arching his hips against Sherlock’s and then raising his head to bite again his lover’s nipple.
John reached out with a hand and put it on Sherlock’s t-shirt covered chest. His fingers had barely brushed the grey fabric that a hand wrapped around his wrist, the grip vice-like. An instant later, not quite knowing how it had happened, John found himself sprawled on the floor with a heavy weight pinning him down and a forearm pressed against his windpipe, as wild, unseeing eyes stared at him.
“This means...this means...” John’s voice broke with emotion.
“Then why you didn’t tell me?” John whispered.
He had steeled himself for another round of protests and declarations, but, blessedly there had not been any.
“But?” John prodded, as he sensed there was a ‘but’ coming.
John collapsed to sit against one of the lockers, “Sherlock...are you all right?”
John didn’t hesitate. He crawled up the mattress until he was aligned with Sherlock and lowered himself between the waiting arms, shivering with pleasure as their bodies touched, bare skin pressed against bare skin.
The Omega was aroused, leaking lubrication and pre-come on the mattress and Sherlock felt his body flush with an unknown powerful feeling. He felt hot, his clothes constricting...without thinking, he got rid them, sighing in relief as his erection sprang free. He looked at the Omega again and his member throbbed, as the unknown feeling returned. But now he knew what he was. Lust. Want. He wanted the Omega. His always restrained Alpha side was now free and it wanted the smaller man. He wanted to claim. He wanted to possess. He wanted to bite the Omega and make him his. Sherlock growled and moved forward until his knees touched the mattress.
“It was rather inevitable given the circumstance, don’t you think?” John commented, sitting on the edge of the mattress.
Immediately after, Sherlock turned toward Lestrade, who had been listening with intent and said, “Actually, do you know what? Ignore me.”
“How?”
Finally – John couldn’t say how much time had passed or where they were – the car pulled up in front big, well kept white and black house. Anthea led John inside and then along a corridor, coming to a halt in front of a closed door.
For a moment Sherlock wondered what kind of Alpha John’s late bond-mate had been. Had John been emotionally tied to him? Had they been intimate on regular basis? Sherlock mentally snorted and pushed the thought away as irrelevant. That was the past, and this was the present. He was sure John would adapt to him and his new life with the same quickness he had lost his psychosomatic limp.
Once the jacket was loose, Sherlock threw it away from them and then began to pace, trying to dispel his agitation.
“Well, Sherlock needs to learn that for some people, for most people, sex isn’t everything and that he can have a lasting loving relationship even if he isn’t a good lover. You can be the one to show him this, John—but keep in mind this: make your move only if you’re certain of your feelings and your ability to commit to Sherlock in spite of everything. Because,” and Molly’s brown eyes hardened, “Hippocratic oath or not, I swear I’ll kill you if you cause Sherlock’s heart to break another time.”
He tightened his embrace around the pale skinned shoulders and posed a light kiss on Sherlock’s damp hair, waiting for his Alpha to recover.
“I’ll do my best,” Sherlock retorted, wanting to get the last word before he left the office.
He and Moriarty would meet at a pool; the same where many years before Carl Powers died...Sherlock’s first case and Moriarty first murder—or so Sherlock thought.
John knew Sherlock could have easily avoided telling him the truth. When John had walked away from the confrontation in the alley, Sherlock could have returned to his hunt as nothing had happened. Instead had run after John and told – and shown – him the truth.
Sherlock had been very clear the only time they had talked about relationships. He was married to his work and not interested. Besides, John had no idea of what his orientation was. Sherlock had said “girlfriends were not his area”, but it didn’t mean boyfriends were. It just meant he wasn’t interested in having a girlfriend, as poor Molly Hooper could attest. In the time they had known each other, John had seen several men try and engage Sherlock in flirting and they had all be sent fleeing by some biting remark.
“My deodorant?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You’re lying. You want something, but don’t want to ask for it. What is it?”
Sherlock shrugged. “You could create another category: cases solved but still open, and write what happened during Anthony Major’s case, leaving out some details…obviously.”
Sherlock wondered if John’s empathy was due to the loss of his own first bondmate, Colonel Nicholas Coleman. He had made researches, of course, but he had not been able to discover much about the bondmates’ relationship.
“In that case, would you like to come with me?” Sherlock asked, but the smug look on his face hinted he already knew the answer.
It chafed at him, of course. He was a soldier, a man of action. It didn’t sit well with him to stay idle while is bondmate was away, possibly – no, probably knowing Sherlock – in danger. He wanted to help, but the only two people who could have given him some answers, Mycroft and Molly, where not at hand. Mycroft could no longer be found at the Diogenes Club and John had no means to find him, as his attempts to contact the older man using the CCTV had failed. Molly instead had moved to Australia for two years, to teach in an important university. John had wanted to talk with Molly because she had signed Sherlock’s death certificate and performed the autopsy. She had to know Sherlock was still alive and might also know why he had faked his death and where he was.
Yet, despite all the odds stacked against him, despite the drugs he had used to dull the pain and silence the rest of world during his twenties, Sherlock had grown up to be an exceptional gifted man, and to build a good life for himself. He had graduated with laude in Chemistry at Cambridge and then used his interest in criminal investigation and his skills at deduction to became a consultant for Met police.
This time it was gentler and, with a clear mind, John noticed Sherlock’s inexperience. Too much teeth and too little tongue. It made John smile against his bondmate’s lips. Of course Sherlock was inexperienced. He had come virgin to their bonding heat and the mating frenzy didn’t really count as experience. Back then, neither of them had cared for the other, but had just wanted to satisfy an overwhelming biological need.
The End
They ate in silence, since they had already talked about Mycroft’s habit to kidnap people during the cab drive from Roland-Kerr College. So Sherlock used the time to think about the day just ended.
He had stayed at the Residence – an isolated manor house in Sussex countryside - where he had schooled and trained as Personal Companion until he reached his 18th year. Then he had been sent to the Royal Harem building and set to work.
“Sherlock!” he managed to choke out.
John was about to open the newspaper when Sherlock reappeared in the room, dressed in his coat and scarf.
*-*-*
“Sherlock,” John pressed gently. “Look at me.”
“I don’t want to hear their names ever again,” John growled, before he bent his head forward as Sherlock raised his own to meet him midway.
“Look at him, dashing about,” Mrs. Hudson commented, with a mixture of fondness and reproach. “My bond-mate was just the same.” She patted John’s shoulder, gave him the newspaper and added, “But you're more the sitting-down type, I can tell. I'll make you that cuppa, you rest your leg.”
Suddenly very awake, John raised his head to look at Sherlock’s troubled eyes.
John almost growled with frustration. Then he took Sherlock’s face between his hands and kissed him soundly. “This is no sympathy or pity. This is love. I’m trying to make you understand I love you and that sex isn’t important for me.”
“Exactly. I can provide you with the names of the other victims. Then you can write the killer disappeared before I could identify him. It is the truth, after all.”
Nightmare, Sherlock thought. He stepped closer to the bed, but then hesitated, unsure about what to do. There were two distinct schools of thought about nightmares, one saying the sleeping person had to be awoken, the other stating the opposite. Both were supported by valid arguments, so which one was the correct one?
Sherlock raised his head and looked at his brother, "Are you sure?”
When he had gone home that morning, he had been all but resigned to spend the day inside, navigating awkward moments with John. He had fully expected to discover his new bond-mate was as boring as almost everyone was—but for once he had been proved wrong...and glad to be so.
“What I said…” Sherlock frowned in confusion, then his eyes widened when he remembered. “Oh.
Molly smiled weakly. “He doesn’t want to be interested in you in a romantic way, John. He doesn’t want to allow himself to fall in love again…John, Sherlock has loved twice, and both times he ended up being hurt because, apparently, he isn’t able to physically satisfy his lovers. Given these premises and the fact he doesn’t like sex in the first place, do you think he would act on the feelings he has for you? For I know he has feelings for you. I see the way he looks at you; it’s the same mix of love, admiration and devotion he had for Irene and Janine. But he won’t act on his feelings. He probably fears that if you two have sex, he won’t be able to make you happy, thus you’ll end up losing respect for him….and betray him as those women did,” Molly explained.
“My scent. It never changed. It changed after Coleman died, but not this time. Also, your bite mark is still silvery, not dull white as it would be if you were dead. I noticed these fact about two months after your fall and thus I knew...well, hoped...one day you would come back.”
Sherlock took the memory stick from his trouser pocket and held it out to Moriarty, “Take it.”
As Sherlock moved to disentangle from their embrace, John was reminded they were lying on the floor. Grinning he stood up, then frowned with concern when he saw Sherlock limp to the couch and a grab a cane posed against it.
“He must have been overjoyed,” John commented.
Sherlock rose to his feet, painfully but without too much effort. John did the same then put an arm around Sherlock’s waist. Together they walked toward the exit, just as far away sirens heralded the police arrival.
Sherlock looked briefly away and frowned; it seemed like he was considering something. Then, his decision made, he turned to face John and replied, “You’re right, but this is the first vampire we meet and neither your gun nor your training will protect you from him.”
“In there, Doctor Watson,” she said, speaking for the first time. She gave him a small smile and walked away.
The following day it was like Sherlock had never heard of Anthony Majors’ murder. He returned to his experiments and classified two more types of tobacco ashes; then he updated his site to let the world know about this great accomplishment. He never mentioned the contents of the homeless network’s reports, which John couldn’t see anywhere. John thought it was because Sherlock’s theory had been disproved and didn’t think much of it—although, in the back of his mind, he found strange his friend would let the matter drop like that. The man was like a blood hound when he sniffed a mystery and it was so unlike of him to let it go.
“Out with it, John,” Sherlock commanded, impatient.
“Good,” Sherlock clapped his hands. “I think we can continue without a chaperone, brother dear. John, come with me, we need to go home. I forgot a mould culture on the kitchen table and I must dash to prevent Mrs. Hudson from throwing it away!”
Sherlock wrapped his hand around his erection and pumped slowly, making sure to apply pressure on the places where he liked it most. He then slid his hand lower and squeezed his balls, pulling them a little. Then he returned to concentrate on his cock again, from base to tip, sometimes pausing to rub the sweet places on the head between his fingers.
As for himself, being with Sherlock had given him everything he had dreamed and hoped for as a younger man, and he would never stop to thank his good luck for making them meet.
Poor Molly, with her long, unrequited crush and her devotion to Sherlock. John wondered if he too was destined to such a life. It wasn’t an attractive prospect. Maybe it would be best for him if he found another place to live, but his heart clenched at the idea of leaving Sherlock. He was sure his friend wouldn’t take it well, and it could ruin their friendship as much as making a pass at him.
“That's not what people normally say,” Sherlock commented, looking away.
His Master opened the door and John followed him in a narrow hall, from which departed a staircase.
And to be honest, now that he knew what a kind and generous person his Master was, John was even more convinced Sherlock Holmes was a man he could easily love—and he didn’t want to lose the greatest chance at happiness life had given him.
His fangs. Sherlock was perched over him, like a predator over its prey and John felt a thrill run along his spine. A thrill of excitement, not fear, and it made his hardness throb.
“No, you didn't.”
John ordered a tea for himself and sat down in front of Mycroft, tilting his head to read the folder title.
John sighed as he walked into the kitchen to switch off the oven. There was no reason to keep the onion soup warm, since Sherlock wouldn’t be there to eat it and John had lost all of his appetite.
“It was definitely her? She's done this before.”
John smiled broadly down at him, and Sherlock smiled back, as they stared, happy, into each other’s eyes.
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand and murmured. “Loving me…it could be dangerous. The only time I tried having a relationship it ended in a disaster.”
Sherlock watched beneath half closed eyes as John’s face contorted with pleasure. He felt a bit guilty for not doing anything to increase his partner’s enjoyment, but it felt so good to just stay there and be loved, without being pressured to transform the encounter into an erotic performance. Just enjoying the ride, watching John take pleasure in his body, stroking his own cock in time with his up and down movements, until he felt warmth spread in his belly and his balls coil in their sac…Two stroke more and Sherlock came with a load groan as John’s inner muscles contracted around him in a way that was almost painful. He barely felt John’s come splash on his stomach, so lost he was in his pleasure.
John shook his head. “It wasn’t me...it was you.”
First of all Sherlock had noticed that all of John’s Beta dates were women. Was it possible that John was a monosexual liking only females, but obliged by the system to against his nature to bond with Alpha males?
Why had John to do that? Why had he ignored his instructions? Wasn’t his Personal Companion supposed to obey him? And why had he to be so attractive?
Sherlock bristled as his hands gripped the edge of the desk so tightly his knuckles turned white. “Do you think this will make me feel better? To have someone near, not by choice but because he isn’t free to choose? To see the horror on his face every day? Or maybe his pity…’look at the poor man, unable to find someone willing to share his bed so they had to give me to him’…Yes, what a great prospect.” Sherlock’s ears were flattened against his skull and he had lowered his head, as a ram ready to charge, against his brother as he instinctively did when he was angry.
“Don't bother, I’m not interested.”
“Neither do I. But, initially, he wanted to be a pirate.”
“My brother has the brain of a scientist or a philosopher, yet he elects to be a detective. What might we deduce about his heart?” Mycroft asked him.
Sherlock was all growls and snarls during sex, a dominant, fiery predator—and John was his willing prey. They never engaged in penetrative sex as neither of them found it appealing, but they had found several ways to please each other, and their sexual life was extremely satisfying. Then, of course, there was the most intimate aspect of their life: the feeding. The moment in which Sherlock’s mask fell and he allowed himself to be what he really was; a vampire.
“And you are going after such a man alone? Without back-up?!” John was by now seeing red with anger. Of all the stupid things Sherlock had done...”Why the hell didn’t you tell me?”
“Why kill him if he was already down?” Lestrade asked aloud. “The mugger could have just knocked him out.”
“You’re Sherlock’s best friend, aren’t you?”
He had an experiment to complete and then he would take Molly out. There was a nearby cafe that served delightful pastries, and his friend deserved a treat for giving him such an interesting specimen to study.
“Not sure. My back is killing me.”
He disappeared to the bathroom as John shook his head in fond amusement. Then he stood up and joined his lover under the water for a quick shower.
“Here there is the watch too...it is gold. This most certainly wasn’t a mugging,” Sherlock commented as he gave both the phone and the watch to a sour looking Anderson.
John frowned and looked closely at Sherlock’s face and eyes, wondering if he had taken something before leaving the flat.
John retracted his hand and watched dazed as the other man stood up and walked to the kitchen, where he disappeared after he closed the glass-like sliding doors.
They walked away in an amicable silence, side by side and in sync as if they had been doing this for years.
John was already standing before Sherlock completed the line.
Sherlock opened the door and silently entered the room. When his eyes adjusted to the little light filtering inside from the stairs, he saw John was in bed, asleep but thrashing and moaning.
Sherlock began to worry because all the tell-tale signals that usually preceded his orgasm-- warmth spreading through his belly while his balls coiled up—were absent. Worse, the more he insisted with his ministrations to himself, the more he felt that, far from moving toward his goal, he was moving away from it.
Sherlock climbed the stairs to the first floor and opened the door of his and John’s room. He came to a halt as soon as he stepped inside, taking in how the moonlight filtering from the half-closed curtains bathed the twin beds and the figure sleeping on one of them. John was on his side, curled in a foetal position, looking smaller than he was.
“This is just a mugging,” Anderson said with a superior tone, as Sherlock knelt near the body and examined it. “The aggressor attacked from behind, the victim resisted and the killer cut his throat. No need to involve to our favourite psychopath—oh, pardon, sociopath.”
“Sherlock,” he said quietly. “I was in the army. I fought Taliban and terrorists; I know how to defend myself and this isn’t the first serial killer we faced.”
What if something had happened to Sherlock? What if the other vampire had attacked him? He guessed it was exactly what Sherlock had hoped when he had disguised himself as a homeless, but what if things hadn’t gone as planned?
John thought with dismay.
“Something cold will do. John, have a cup of tea, unpack your clothes, make yourself at home. Don't wait up!” He disappeared from the room as John still try to understand what had happened.
when Sherlock met her and they hit it off from the get go. It wasn’t love at first sight, Sherlock had been hardened by his previous experience, but he was fascinated by her – and she by him – from the start. She, like you, me, Mrs. Hudson and Greg was able to see the man beneath his physical looks. She saw how wonderful his skills as detective were and started a blog about his cases, giving popularity to Sherlock and helping him to build his reputation as problem-solver. In due time, their mutual attraction turned to love and they became a couple. They were together for three years before...” Molly’s voice trailed off as she closed her eyes.
“I don’t like to repeat myself. This is how the situation is—and it won’t change. And now, would you please let go of my knee? I have to check my mould culture.”
Thanks so much for all the kudos and MERRY CHRISTMAS!
They stayed like that for a few minutes, until John’s rapid heartbeat slowed down and he released Sherlock, allowing him to straighten to a sitting position. John sat up, cleared his throat and looked down at his lap, clearly embarrassed. “Uhm...Sorry I disturbed you...”
dressing gown.
“Yes...?”
Sherlock’s moans were no longer full of pleasure. They sounded pained, full of frustration as he increased the pace of his ministrations on himself, without result. A few strokes later, Sherlock had let go of his angry-red cock and slammed his fist on the mattress.
John’s eyes widened in surprise. “How do you know it’s psychosomatic? Did the House Manager tell you?”
She smiled at him and opened the car door. Blood pounding in his ears, John put his jacket on and stepped outside, pulling the door closed after him. He went inside the car without hesitation and soon they were on their way.
“That you’re finally a free man, John.”
“You could call him so, yes. When he realized Major’s wasn’t a homeless, the killer understood he had made a mistake. So it made it look as a mugging...but still it wasn’t right. A City consultant killed in Regent’s Park would cause a lot of stir. People would demand more surveillance in the park and nearby streets. There would be more patrols around and our killer doesn’t want that. So what does he do? He drops the things he took from Majors’ in a place where they will be easily found. The police will be led to think the mugging was just cover for murder and focus the investigation in another direction, leaving the killer free to hunt in his favourite area.”
He pushed the thought away. It was useless to speculate on what he couldn’t know. He had to focus on Sherlock.
John stared incredulous. The man he knew was anything but boring! Sherlock was unpredictability made human. “That was such a cruel thing to say!” he sputtered, indignant.
However, as soon as the other man left the room, the Alpha’s stance completely changed. He smiled broadly and jumped in happiness. “Brilliant! Yes!” he exclaimed as he whirled around the room to retrieve the coat and scarf he had dropped earlier. “Four serial suicides and now a note. Oh, it's Christmas. Mrs. Hudson, I'll be late. Might need some food.”
Also…also John was so very attractive, and that was quite a surprise for Sherlock. He had never been interested in sex and everything that went with Alpha/Omega biology. Body was just transport and after witnessing to all the idiocies people did in name of love and lust, he had sworn them off as dangerous for his mind’s wellbeing.
“So I guess we can keep on being sappy as much as we want,” Sherlock concluded, covering a yawn with his hand. Slumber was rapidly creeping over him and for the first time in his life he felt like going to sleep without the desire to stand up and clean himself after sex nor the urge to shake off the sweaty body of his partner and curl away on his side.
Smart, funny, caring, he treated John as an equal, never mentioning his status as a Personal Companion, both in public and in private.
And speaking of soldiers... “Afghanistan or Iraq?” he asked, point blank.
“Damn my leg!” John exclaimed irritated. He hated when people felt pity for him because of his limp. Then, upon seeing the older woman’s upset expression, he hurried to say, “Sorry, I'm so sorry. It's just sometimes this bloody thing...” he didn’t complete the line, but he didn’t need to, as Mrs. Hudson had already forgiven his outburst.
“What can you tell me, Sherlock?” Lestrade asked with a sigh.
“No. She offered to give me your file, but I didn’t even look at it. Remember, I had to ask for your name. No, I just observed you.”
Heart pounding, John opened the door and saw a sleek black sedan parked there; near the back door stood Anthea, or whatever was her name.
On his back, Sherlock was covered by a short-haired brownish fur, perfectly mimicking an Ibex coat. This fur stretched from his neck down his back, to the back of his knees; on his arms, it stretched to his elbows. He also sported a short tail, always hidden by his custom-made trousers and blazers.
“It doesn’t seem obvious to me. You told Lestrade Majors’ wasn’t killed in a mugging. So if the murder wasn’t accidental, why should the killer go after you?” John asked confused.
“What's new about this one? What made you cease with your irrational behaviour and come to me?”
“Oh.” John commented, surprised. Excluding Harry’s gender, everything was spot on. “How did you do that?”
Sherlock smiled slightly and shook his head. “Have fun, John.”
The cab ride from the Breeding House to central London was long, and after short call to his sister Harry to tell her about his changed status, John spent the time observing his new bond-mate. During the previous two days he been too preoccupied with other matters to properly think about the man he was now bound to for the rest of his life.
“Thank you,” he breathed against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“You most certainly do. You were going to take that damn pill, weren't you?”
He felt a pang of disappointment that John was not awake to meet him, for he knew his friend’s infectious smile and pleasant personality would have done wonders for his mood. John seemed to always know how to cheer Sherlock up.
The criminal took it, and exclaimed. “Boring! I could have got them anywhere.” He turned slightly to throw the memory stick in the water and John took the opportunity to wrap an arm around his neck and use Moriarty as a shield.
“A Neutered Omega. You know what they are, don’t you?”
They separated and Sherlock rolled onto his side, pulling John along, so they could rest more comfortably as they waited for the Alpha’s knot to deflate and slid out from John’s body.
The usually silent corridors and halls of the Diogenes Club resounded with the echo of Sherlock Holmes’ steps, as his leather shoes hit the marble pavement in quick succession.
“Yes,” John agreed. “It was quite sloppy of them.”
“Something cold will do. Don't wait up!”
Thanks in advance.
“Me? Yeah, fine. I'm fine. Fine,” he answered still pacing. “That, er... thing that you... that you did, that, um... you offered to do... that was, um... good.” It was far more than good, but he expressing sentiments had never been his forte. He counted on John to understand what it had meant to him that John had been ready to sacrifice himself for Sherlock. Without pressure, without second thoughts...
that somehow evolved differently from the main strain. The real vampires aren’t the creatures portrayed in books and movies. None of that idiotic stuff about garlic, cross, holy water, mirrors and sunlight is true. They are immortal and the only thing that can kill them is another vampire… More importantly,” he continued, looking straight at John, “even if vampires are born predators, we’ve evolved and have learned to control those urges along the centuries and we no longer go around killing people to drink their blood. We eat as humans do and human blood is no longer our only source of substance. We still need it in small doses for our good health, and in greater quantities to stay young, rejuvenate or to heal from serious injuries that otherwise would leave us crippled. But we don’t kill or harm our donors. In my case, I don’t even feed from people, but I drink only from blood bags. However, in some rare instance, vampires become killers, and it’s one of them that murdered Anthony Majors’ and the other four homeless people in this area.”
John felt his anger stir again as he remembered how, the first time they had met, Sally Donovan had implied Sherlock must had have raped and forced the bond over John. Or how the light had dimmed in his Alpha’s eyes when Sebastian Wilkes had said everybody hated Sherlock at university.
They surrounded the metal slab where the body was as Molly reported her findings. “Majors died from bleeding out,” she said looking at her notes. “There was only half a litre of blood left in him. The cause of the blood loss was a deep wound to the neck, but there is something puzzling in it.”
Testing the waters here: I've a complete Sherlock/Mary story in need of a betareader. I know it isn't a popular pairing, but I loved Mary and this just story wanted to be written. Besides, it is all by Sherlock's POV and he is the main character. So well, I would really appreciate if someone could help me with the betareading. I mostly need someone willing to check the story for grammar mistakes, typos and "Italianisms" (weird sentences).
Lead by his instinct, Sherlock stretched along John’s back and nuzzled his neck, until he found the place where his Omega’s scent was stronger and ripe with need and willingness. There was another scar there, one his dazzled brain recognized as a previous bond-mark and Sherlock growled with fury at the thought someone else had been there before him.
“All right,” John nodded before continuing in a concerned tone, “Sherlock…I appreciate all the freedom you’re willing to give me and all the effort you’re making to make my life good but…what about you? Is there really
John had been shocked. Why hadn’t he noticed it sooner? Was it because he had never been in love before? Was it why he hadn’t been very disappointed when Sarah had broken up with him? The reason he hadn’t looked for other women to date?
“Majors came from that way. He was drunk and probably used the park as a short cut toward home.”
John nodded, then decided to make a last attempt at being accepted as more than a person Sherlock was reluctantly going to share rooms with. He leant forward and put a hand on the other man’s knee.
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” John replied, equally softly.
as soon as he stepped in the living room.
For a few seconds Sherlock considered what a fantastic cover being a Personal Companion would have been for a criminal mastermind as no one would ever think about such a possibility. But then he looked in John’s distressed eyes and realized Moriarty had played him. This wasn’t a meeting between equals. This was an ambush; whose reach became clear when John opened his jacket to show it was strapped with sentex.
Sherlock chuckled. "Me neither; I'm a vampire, not Superman. This is to make the bleeding stop and the skin heal."
“I’m following a lead about Major’s murder.”
by other events happened during that investigation.” Sherlock’s cheeks were now flushed.
“Good,” Sherlock flashed a quick grin. “Your bedroom is up those stairs,” he gestured with a hand. “Oh, don’t look at me like that. Your limp is psychosomatic and you might be able to get rid of it soon.”
When it finally happened, a few minutes later, John could see that Sherlock’s eyelids were drooping as he struggled to stay awake. He caressed his Alpha’s cheek and whispered, “Go to sleep, Sherlock. I’ll be here when you wake up, and then we will talk again and start planning for your return among the living.”
He had instinctively trusted him from the first moment they had met.
John pushed himself up on his arms and knees, breaking the contact between them.
John watched as the two men talked for a while, then Sherlock took out his wallet and gave some money to the beggar. Then he calmly returned to the taxi and climbed on.
They stayed under water as long as possible, swimming toward the other side of the pool. When they finally resurfaced to breathe, they were out of danger. The building was half destroyed, but the water had protected them.
“But you do own me, Sherlock. You own my heart and my mind—as I dare to presume I own your heart and mind in return,” John replied.
Sherlock was on the couch, asleep. But contrary to usual, he wasn’t curled facing the back of the couch, but laying on his back. He was wearing a pair of pyjama bottoms and his blue dressing gown. His
John smiled as he thought of Sherlock.
“I’m going home now,” he said softly, not looking at Sherlock’s face. “Try not to get yourself killed.”
John carefully tore the envelope open and pulled out a folded sheet of paper. He spread it and read:
“Why?” John raised his head, surprised. “Don’t you like it?”
Emotions chocking his throat, John fell on his knees near the couch, scanning his Alpha’s beloved face. Sherlock looked paler and older than he remembered. He was gaunt, with dark circles under his eyes—he looked exhausted and it was probably the reason he had not woken up when the door had opened.
That was why he heard the noise of someone going down the stairs, followed by the front door opening and closing.
“From his footprints, obvious.”
John hesitated for a moment then asked, “May I be so bold to ask about your...condition?” he tried to be as delicate as possible.
Vampires existed for real and Sherlock was one of them. It was a mind-blowing revelation, almost impossible to believe.
Sherlock just nodded with his head, as his tongues slipped out to lick his hips.
His gaze raked the younger man’s body from his shoulders to his chest, down to his belly and his strong long legs, before trailing up again to his crotch. His Alpha cock was big and already showing the beginning of his knot.
Sherlock loved him.
“Yes...but first we’ll have more sex...”Sherlock murmured, his eyes closing.
“There won’t be any carnal relations between us. As I said, I never wanted a bond-mate, but I would be happy if in due time we could become friends.” Sherlock saw John’s face darken and he thought he knew why. He was aware most people gave an excessive importance to sex, and even if John was better than them in some regards, it was logical to presume he wouldn’t be happy without regular couplings. So he quickly added, “However my low or inexistent sex drive doesn’t mean you will have to be celibate. As I hope you have realized, I’m not a common Alpha. Certainly, I’m not as idiotically jealous as most Alphas are of their bond-mates.” Sherlock grimaced in distaste. “I won’t expect you to refrain from having sex on my account.”
“I see. Then I’ll tell you I’m not among them.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No need to apologize. I wasn’t sleeping. Too busy thinking about what happened with Moriarty.”
John had soon become Sherlock’s housekeeper, keeping the flat clean, buying food, doing the laundry, and making sure there was a tea ready when his Master woke up. He was there when Sherlock needed a sounding board and made himself scarce when he needed quiet. John never considered any of these as tasks he had to do; they were all things he wanted to do and so did.
“Yes.”
His Alpha was an untidy, lazy git who couldn’t be bothered to fetch his own computer from his bedroom, let alone to go out to buy groceries or cleaning up after his messes. John had soon ended up doing most of the chores around the flat, inwardly wondering how Sherlock had ever managed to live alone all that time without learning a thing or two about housekeeping. Maybe it was because Mrs. Hudson, despite her frequent reminders she was not their housekeeper, was often found in the flat, dusting, cleaning and tidying up.
Thus speaking, John stretched across the bed to pick the tube of muscle relaxant he had given Sherlock for his shoulders. Then he slid down Sherlock’s body, kissing the hollow of his neck, nibbling his collarbone, licking and sucking his nipples, leaving a damp path with his lips and tongue until he reached his leaking cock.
“You too, Sherlock. You too.”
The manager didn’t seem to notice his lack of reaction; if she did, she chose to ignore it. “You’ll be very pleased with your new mate: he comes from an influent and rich family, he is younger than you and quite handsome.”
way. How kind you can be when people comes here asking for your help. How dedicated you are to your job. How much you like to play violin during rainy days. How you like to sleep curled on your left side and how…irritated… you were the day the Mrs. Hudson replaced your ultra-flat pillow without telling you, even if, of course, you never raised your voice with her. How devoted you are to your friends and yes, to your brother too. How the cold, emotionless and caustic front you show to the world is just a facade to protect yourself from being hurt. Tell me, did Irene Adler and Janine Hawkings know all of this? Did they really know
So the only things John could do was wait and wait, as the world around him went on.
They there now face to face and John didn’t hesitate in hugging Sherlock, pulling him as close as possible.
For the first time since starting to live with the man, John was able to glimpse some bare skin other than Sherlock’s face, long neck, hands and feet. Sherlock was always dressed when he came out of his bedroom or the bathroom, even if sometimes “dressed” just meant wearing a bed sheet tightly wrapped around his tall frame.
It also felt too personal to write about other things concerning his bonded life, which had turned to be far better than he had dared to hope based on his previous experience. He could go out and make new friends, and get back in touch with old ones as Mike Stanford, something the possessive Coleman had never allowed him to do, not even while on leave. He could go to the pub for a drink or to watch a match, and well...he could also date.
“And be tied to for the rest of my life to a boring creature and its cursed biology? Be turned into a mindless animal once a month as the Omega goes in heat? Sire a string of children who will make my life impossible?” Sherlock stopped his pacing in front of Mycroft and, for the first time since he was a child, he looked at his older brother with pleading eyes. “I don’t want that, Mycroft. I won’t be able to bear it. My mind, my rationality, my work...they are everything for me. I don’t want to be prey of biology like the other Alphas...I’ve never been like them. Why should I be forced to become the thing I despise most? Please help me.”
“Not yet, Sherlock.” John looked down at the unbelieving eyes, “Making love is much more than just achieving release as it was during our heat. It’s losing yourself in the pleasure your body and your partner’s can give you. It’s not just a headlong rush to orgasm…do you understand it?”
The hands moved away as John took a step back.
“Hello, freak!” She said to Sherlock and John froze on his feet as he looked at her outraged. She was a police officer. She shouldn’t talk to people in that way.
The Royal Harem became such a fixture that it remained in existence even after slavery was banished in 1833, although the number of Personal Companions trained each year had considerably decreased. Nowadays Personal Companions were no longer slaves, but people under the Crown’s or their master’s tutelage, unable to make decisions on their own, perennial children in the eyes of the law.
John looked at him with a slight smile and nodded.
“Well, of course it's for men - I'm wearing it,” Anderson retorted.
Shortly after, John straddled Sherlock’s hips, took his erection in his hand and sat down onto it.
“Unfortunately. This past month has been such a relief without you around.”
John had lost almost all hope of getting a permanent master. He had been examined by potential masters several times, but no one had chosen him. He had been resigned to spend the rest of his working life being moved from a temporary master to another, until his retirement at age 65, when he would return to the Residence to spend there the rest of his life.
John had collapsed on the toilet seat, assaulted by the thought Sherlock might have orchestrated his suicide to disappear and start a new life somewhere else, away from his tarnished reputation and a bondmate he had never wanted but had been saddled with. However, he had shaken away that idea very soon.
“Tomorrow. He’ll be here at 10.00AM. Try to be on time.”
“Yes…just tell me what I must do…” Sherlock answered.
“Of course I mean it!” John exclaimed. “Do you really think that after a life of sex without a hint of love or even affection, sex would really matter so much to me?”
Speaking of which, John thought it was time to get some answers.
“John?” he said roughly, as another wave of want to invest him. He was straddling the other man on his hands and knees and the only thing he needed to do was to lower himself and push inside his more than ready companion. His arms shook with the effort to resist the pull of his instinct as he waited for a reply.
Mycroft took it, smoothed it and scanned it quickly. Then he handed it back to his brother. "I'm afraid I can do nothing about this, brother mine.”
. I believe sex is just a messy waste of time, which can be used for something more productive. I accepted you only because I know what usually happens to refused Personal Companions.”
Sherlock smiled broadly, then leant forward. John met him halfway and they kissed.
He looked speechless at Sherlock’s brother as the older man approached him with a rueful smile.
Mrs. Hudson, the landlady who believed John was an old friend of Sherlock in economic hardship, had seen him pale and had patted his back and comforted him, “You’ll get used to it, dear.”
Mycroft smirked. “They are indeed. However, there is one in this House right now, and I took the liberty to reserve him for you. The staff just needs the order to proceed.”
“I did nothing…”
“Taxi. The cabbie hesitated before allowing me in, but fifty pounds changed his mind.”
Sherlock nodded and, with the help of John’s arms around his waist, stood up and slowly climbed up the stairs.
Twenty minutes later John looked at the crime scene in Regent’s Park with disappointment. He had been expecting some weird circumstances or puzzling detail, but so far he couldn't see anything that warranted Sherlock’s involvement. The victim, a white male in his thirties, was lying on his back on the grass, arms stretched, and looked asleep but for the deep gash at his throat. From what Lestrade and his team were saying, it looked like a mugging ended badly; the victim’s wallet, phone and watch were all missing.
“You’re joking, aren’t you? I mean, you wanted to say there is a vampire wannabe killing homeless.”
“No way,” John muttered as he crumpled the letter. He wouldn’t do it even if Sherlock was really dead.
“Thanks.”
He stepped inside, feeling the comforting weight of John’s gun in his pocket. He had briefly considered taking his friend with him to watch his back, but had rejected the idea. John wouldn’t have approved of such a meeting. He would have insisted on calling the police, but Sherlock didn’t want that. He wanted a meeting between equals. Besides, he didn’t want to put John in danger. He was really fond of the man, who had proved to be a fantastic flatmate, friend, and comrade-in-arms.
“John? Are you listening to me?”
Sherlock tied the belt of his bathrobe and shook his head. “Of course you’re not repugnant, and no, they weren’t wrong, I like both males and females. You’re attractive enough and caring, but I don’t want you—or anybody else for the matter.
“Don’t say it,” John chided him. “You’re strong, Sherlock…and too stubborn to let go.”
John chuckled, “Yes, we’ll have that too. Now sleep.”
And sometimes, when John was totally honest with himself – as it was happening more frequently in the past months – he liked to imagine what would be like to have those long, nimble fingers explore his body, what it would be like to be the focus of that single-minded concentration and to feel those full lips against his own…
“You need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don't suppose you'd serve time for this, but let's avoid the court case.”
After his visitors left, John limped back to his bed and reclined with his hands behind his head. What had just happened wasn’t surprising. He had known when he had received the letter summoning him to the London Breeding House that it was just a matter of time before he was paired off again. Neutered Omegas were uncommon and highly sought after by those Alphas who were not interested in breeding.
Sherlock pale eyes locked with his and his fingers weakly squeezed John’s hand.
“Brilliant! Yes!” he exclaimed as he whirled around the room in glee. “Four serial suicides and now a note. Oh, it's Christmas. John, I'll be late. Might need some food.”
“Well, I'd better be off. So nice to have had a proper chat. Ciao, Sherlock Holmes.”
John shouted as climax crashed over him, as intense as never before.
By now John was used to Sherlock’s moods and behaviours, but he was surprised his friend had not wanted to witness the suspect’s interrogation.
Maybe, just maybe John should really tell Sherlock how he felt. Even if it most certainly wouldn’t end as he hoped, there was a good chance their friendship wouldn’t turn too awkward. Sherlock would probably dismiss the whole matter as useless “sentiment”, not mention it again, and would continue to treat John as nothing had happened.
John gave Sherlock some advantage while keeping him in sight, then crossed the street and started following him, using all the tricks Sherlock himself had taught him to avoid being spotted.
He had been wrong.
He had wanted John to know—and it was an incredible show of trust on Sherlock’s part.
Sherlock rested with his back against the door, trying to calm his thundering heart. The room was similar to his own, so there was nothing to distract him from looking at the form writhing on the bed.
Sherlock’s revenge had come years later, when he had exposed both of them for embezzlement in the bank where they worked, sending them to prison and ruining their names and reputations for good.
“Footprints? On trimmed grass?”
“John…” Sherlock, eyes closed as his hand crunched at the sheets, as if he was trying to restrain himself.
“You're a doctor.”
“They are Omegas that don’t go in heat nor can have children,” Mycroft explained all the same, “because they had they O-gland removed due to injuries or illness. Would you be agreeable to bond with one of them? You would have to go through a drugs-simulated bonding heat, but after that you wouldn’t need to...satisfy any other biological imperative.”
Sherlock released him, “It was just a bottle, and don’t worry, it wasn’t the whisky Lestrade gave you at Christmas, but the cheapest gin I could find. Now, why are you tailing me?”
On 10.00 AM, Sherlock slammed open the door of his brother’s office and exclaimed, “Where is he?”
His brother was determined, ruthless and skilled, and the capture of the Mayfair Ripper, the serial killer who had bloodied London for years at periodic intervals had just been the latest of his successes.
Warmth liquid bathed John’s belly and he watched enraptured as Sherlock threw back his head and groaned, his face contorted in an ecstasy that seemed almost painful as powerful as it was.
After sex, all traces of dominant, fiery Sherlock disappeared, leaving behind an affectionate, gentle man, starved for closeness and affection. John thought it was because Sherlock had not received them since his father’s death, and had silently sworn to do his best to provide his lover with everything he needed.
John climbed on the mattress and knelt by his side and soon Sherlock felt his hands on his back. A part of him was ecstatic to be touched by the man he longed for, but the other was just too sore to appreciate it.
After the failure of that relationship, Sherlock had been set on never falling in love again, but Molly had told him he shouldn’t make such a drastic decision based on only one bad experience. He had never revealed her the bad experiences were two, not one.
“Yeah,” John nodded. “My nightmare was about that.”
Thus Sherlock walked determined to his bedroom and started to get ready for his day, his earlier good mood completely forgotten.
Mycroft had never thought he would ever have to deal with the Royal Harem, and when Lady Smallwood and Sir Erwin had suggested a Personal Companion as reward for Sherlock he had thought it to be a barbaric idea. However, after he had time to think and a chance to examine the possible candidates, he had begun to think, why not? Perhaps a Personal Companion was exactly what his brother needed.
Sherlock had given him a chance very few Omegas trapped in arranged bonds had ever had. The chance to find a person to love of his own choice. True, John would never be able to bond or marry with them, hence the necessity of limiting himself to betas, but with a bit of luck and a lot of honesty and understanding, he might find the right person, such as a married beta who couldn’t get a divorce, maybe.
“Not in a police car, I'll be right behind,” Sherlock agreed, apparently unhappy with the idea.
“John, the truth is I’m not interested in sex. I don’t like it, I don’t understand it, I don’t care for it– never have and never will. So please, don’t berate yourself. It’s not your fault, it’s exclusively mine and I’m really sorry for the pain I’m causing you. And now, if you will excuse me, I’ve to go to Bart’s.”
John laughed. “You’ll need to wait a few hours. I’m no longer that young—nor are you.”
“No, you won't!” the criminal reached the door he had used to enter and snapped his fingers. The red dots disappeared and Sherlock felt like he could breathe again.
His epiphany had made more difficult for him to cope with what had happened next: Adler’s “resurrection” and her presence in their flat. Watching her flirt with Sherlock, seeing him respond to her, listening to her sexual innuendos was a torture. A part of John had wanted to stand up and tell her to keep her hands away from his bondmate, that Sherlock was his and only his. But he had restrained himself: Sherlock and he were bondmates in name only. His Alpha had made it clear from the start and would probably resent John if he made his jealousy known.
John blinked his eyes, trying to muster a reply. He was completely stunned by Sherlock’s speech. The mere idea he could have a romantic relationship with someone that was not his master was totally alien to him.
John had never regretted nor resented his condition as Neutered Omega. In his opinion, his inability to get in heat and bear children was a blessing, not a tragedy. He had given him the freedom to attend medical school and, later on, after he had been bonded to Army Colonel Nicholas Coleman, to join the RAMC, something forbidden to Full Omegas.
Mycroft gave him a sort of compassionate gaze that that made him grit his teeth. The older Holmes was fully aware of the nature of their bond, and now he was also fully aware of John’s feelings for his brother. John just hoped he would not comment on them.
After a stop at John’s bedsit, where he quickly packed his meagre belonging in a suitcase and a duffel bag, the taxi resumed its journey, until it finally came to a stop in Baker Street. John stepped down the car and leaning on his cane looked at the building in front of him. It was a prime spot and once again he wondered about who Sherlock Holmes was.
“I suppose you have questions too, John. Feel free to ask everything you want pertaining Sherlock’s nature and what happened this night,” he older man said with a kind smile.
“No. Not exactly. I just want you to know that I'd be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis-”
“Again…” Sherlock breathed and he was more than happy to repeat his actions, aroused by how his lover was allowing himself to be at his complete mercy. Sherlock’s lean, hot body was covered by a thin sheen of sweat, his muscles languidly flexing and relaxing in response to his touches. His head was thrown back against the pillow; his mouth was open in pleasure. He was gorgeous beyond description and John had to struggle with himself.
“A member of your homeless network?” John asked.
Sherlock had smiled as he spotted his favourite foods on the table. So John not only had gone to the Marylebone restaurant he favoured, but had also managed to discover what he usually ordered. He had been pleased for it meant the man was little bit less than an idiot, and was able to care for himself.
Mycroft’s question brought him to the present.
That last night at Bart’s they had slept on a futon Molly had spread for them beneath a work table, and Sherlock had wrapped his long limbs around, seeking for and giving both warmth and reassurance. John had then promised to himself that as soon as the situation with Moriarty would be solved, he would tell Sherlock he loved him and kiss his Alpha senseless—but he never had the chance to do so, as Sherlock jumped from Bart’s roof only a few hours later.
“Do you want to go on?” he whispered against Sherlock’s lips, as he gently ground his body against his lover.
“Molly told me.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and muttered, “Manners, Sherlock.” Then he pressed a button beneath his desk. A minute later Anthea – or whatever was her name – introduced a man inside the office.
Anderson reluctantly moved away to let him pass, but having recovered from his embarrassment he tried to get the upper hand again. “Whatever you're trying to imply...”
John suddenly wondering if he had met some of them in his life, maybe at the uni or in the army...The army where he had trusted his life in the hands of his companions, counting on them to keep him safe. Would have he trusted them had he known there might have been a vampire among them?
He was about to follow Sherlock when the woman stopped him.  “Who's this?”
Sherlock cleared his throat and began, “About what happened earlier tonight…It was something I've not experienced before.”
John mentally added a deep baritone voice to the characteristics he admired in the other man. Then he turned on the seat to face him better and asked, “How could you say those things about me if you hadn’t read my file?”
In the evening, just as John was eating dinner, the door bell rang and it was like a lighting had hit Sherlock. He jumped down the couch and ran down the stairs in a blur of blue dressing gown and bare feet.
“John…” Sherlock panted back, looking deeply into John’s eyes as he gave an almost violent push with his hips and stilled.
As the number of Omegas – both Full and Neutered – was currently inferior to the number of Alphas, the law dictated that any Omega losing their mate before reaching their fortieth birthday had to bond again. John had become a widower one month after turning thirty-eight, so the government had given him one year to find a new mate on his own. He had failed to – in truth he had not even looked to find someone, as he was too busy with trying to learn to adapt to civilian life – and thus the government had stepped in and found him a mate.
Sherlock nodded, approving the rational explanation.
Mycroft nodded solemnly, “Very.”
Sherlock’s lips curved in a lopsided grin, “It depends on what you plan to do to me…”
"No!!" John shouted, searching frantically for a pulse. It was still there but far too weak. “You can’t do this to me Sherlock,” he babbled in a broken voice as his tears started to fall. “You can’t tell me that and then die…You can’t…”
John’s eyes danced from a man to the other, curious to see what will happen next. It seemed to him that Sherlock was trying to make Inspector Lestrade pay for having banished him from crime scenes.
John remembered only fragments of his life before he had been recruited by the Royal Harem. He rationally knew he had to have a father and a mother, but he didn’t remember their faces. His first clear memory as a child was of the Residence crèche, where he had grown up playing with other children.
“What is it?” John asked bending near Sherlock.
“John,” Sherlock whispered, and his voice sounded slurred to his ears. He raised his hand to caress his lover’s cheek, the movement very slow, for he felt boneless.
*-*-*
“Uh. Yes. I’m fine John,” Sherlock answered after taking a deep breath. “But there is something you need to know about me.”
“Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said, the tension in his voice evident, “has something happened to my brother?”
“It’s very nice, very nice indeed.” John answered, still looking around.
Instead he had entered the room to find an unknown man sitting behind Ashton’s desk, while the Supervisor stood in a corner, looking pale and frightened. John had briefly wondered if Ashton was about to lose his job.
The text had been brief:
An imprecise time and three blood bags later, Mycroft’s tense expression relaxed as he pressed two fingers against his brother’s neck. "The pulse is stronger," he said.
“-that your latest temporary master was a military commander stationed in Afghanistan who demanded the same discipline from you, and what somehow you also studied medicine and are a doctor.”
“Let me show you, then. I promise you will like it.” John lowered himself again, half on the bed, half on Sherlock, as he made sure to avoid the other man’s erection.
“But you didn’t?”
First of all there had been the discovery of John’s past as army doctor; then there had been Lestrade’s visit and John’s agreement to go with him on the crime scene.
John put his own hand over Sherlock’s and said, “This morning Donovan and Anderson complained because I didn’t list Anthony Majors’ murder among your unsolved cases. I know it is unsolved for the NSY and the press, and that you couldn’t ever say the truth, but it would be unfair for you to list it among your failures.”
Sherlock turned around, slicking his wet hair back as he looked at the anxious man in front of him. Almost without volition, his eyes roamed the other’s body. He had to admit John was handsome, completely devoid of body hair and very proportioned for his height. Had their situation been different and had Sherlock been looking for a partner – which he didn’t as facts had proved sex wasn’t his area – he would just be the kind of man he would go after.
“John,” came the almost breathless answer, as the blond man writhed again, probably trying to find some relief by rubbing his erection against the bed.
“But you were ready for such a possibility...since you are still alive,” John commented
He nodded. “Yes, just worn out. I’ve…never come twice in one encounter,” he blushed deeply. “And you?”
“He’s my flatmate.”
He switched off the lamp and turned on his side, a clear signal for Sherlock to move to his own bed.
Now and then John would raise his eyes from the newspaper to throw a look at his flatmate, just to make sure he wasn’t doing something dangerous or somehow damaging for himself and the kitchen. Just the previous week some unidentified body part had been forgotten in the microwave and burnt to a crisp, filling the flat with a nauseous smell of burnt flesh that had lingered for days.
As a doctor, John felt reasonably sure to declare Sherlock was neither the psychopath Donovan and Anderson thought him to be, nor the sociopath his Alpha claimed to be. John believed Sherlock was in the autistic spectrum, probably an Asperger, possibly never treated as such. His lack of social skills, lack of friends, strange postures, eccentric and repetitive behaviours, were among that syndrome characteristics. John felt that a few people – like Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade – instinctively knew some of Sherlock’s most unpleasant behaviours weren’t done on purpose, but most people didn’t.
John looked at her with disgust as they followed her toward the entry of the building. He murmured to Sherlock, “You should have her reported. She is a disgrace to her office.”
He knelt near Sherlock in the dim light and saw how unnaturally pale his face was. Then he noticed the hand Sherlock was pressing against his neck; it was covered by a dark, thick, viscous liquid.
*-*-*
Mycroft shook his head. “No. Otherwise I would have used my blood to heal Sherlock. It would have acted faster.”
“I was on the frontlines in Afghanistan for one year. I helped in the camp hospital, so yes, I’ve seen some of them.”
John was surprised; he had never received a letter before. He looked the thick envelope with curiosity and noticed the Royal Harem emblem on it. He turned it around in his hands, wondering what it could be, until Sherlock commented, “It won’t open by itself.”
Being careful not to make any noise, John had opened the door, just that tiny bit he needed to be able to look inside.
Sherlock stopped cold when he saw John standing near his bed, which he kept almost in the middle of the room in order to have room for his horns.
had to convince Sherlock he would love him no matter his shortcomings, whatever they could be.
Problem was Sherlock didn’t want to. His bed didn’t look very inviting. He preferred to stay there, sitting near John than go to sleep. Even if he knew some rest would do good to his still muddled mind.
He turned toward John and asked, “All right? Are you all right?”
“So this was a test?” John replied with a frown.
"Undo this, Mycroft," Sherlock commanded, slamming the crumpled letter on the desk.
*-*-*
John had to bite his cheek to avoid bursting in laughter as he saw Anderson and Donovan blush and look at everywhere but each other.
Sherlock who had told him he was a predator but drank from blood bags as if it was the most natural thing in the world.
He should have least checked that in the folder the manager had offered him. He wasn’t an expert in these matters, but he was aware it was a proper thing to at least know the name of the person one was about to mate with.
There was no pressure when he was alone with himself, no need to satisfy his partner, no need to speed up things or slow them down according to someone else’s desire. It was just himself, what he was and what he liked.
When John woke up the next morning, it was already 10am, but since it was Saturday and he didn’t have to go to the clinic, oversleeping wasn’t a problem.
John struggled to put his thoughts in words. He felt that if he didn’t convince Sherlock now, he would lose his only chance. “I’ve been used for sex for my whole adult life. I’ve been put ‘in service’ since I was eighteen and I have had an almost endless list of men and women using me, using my body to get their pleasure. But none of them, not even those few who bothered to make me come as well, ever embraced me as you’re doing now. To me this embrace is more meaningful, more important than all the orgasms I had or will ever have. I feel your love in your embrace, Sherlock —as I felt it when you protected me, in that pool. To me there is nothing more precious than the memories of the evenings we spend together, watching the telly, playing Cluedo or just reading, each of us engrossed in his own book and yet so aware of the other.” John fell silent, swallowing past the lump in his throat, as he waited for Sherlock’s response.
The idea of having been gifted to the strange but unique man of the photos filled him with both concern and expectation. On one hand, there was the concern about what kind of person his master was. On the other hand, having a master would mean from now on he would have to serve and please only one person, because a Personal Companion was just what the name implied—personal. Companions were personal gifts and laws prevented the receivers from renting them out for cash or things like that.
“Where you did get the gun?”
“Yes…no…I can’t stand it…it’s too much…” Sherlock panted, hair damp with sweat.
John smiled back, then he rolled on his back and closed his eyes. He felt Sherlock sit up and pull up the blankets to cover both of them. He then reclined again, this time with his head pillowed on John’s chest and one arm around his chest. John tilted his head so he could bury his nose in Sherlock’s soft curls and fell asleep.
“Someone who ‘worries about you constantly’ gave it to me,” John said with a smile.
How had it hurt to see them laugh and to hear Victor say with disgust, “Do you really believe someone would be willing to sleep with
Sherlock was just beginning to calm down when suddenly the red dots reappeared and there were more than before.
As soon as they arrived to Lauriston Gardens, John saw the true scope of a real crime scene. Police cars, the coroner van, policemen coming and going and the perimeter surrounded by a yellow tape. Near it there was a dark skinned woman, who could have been pretty but for the sneer on her face.
That left him without something to do during the day. Maybe he’ll go to visit Molly to see if she got some nice corpse he could experiment with. Then he needed to introduce John to Mrs. Hudson and hope they wouldn’t band together against him. There was only so much fussing a man could tolerate.
“Do you know why?”
His heart had almost jumped out of chest at the sight of Sherlock on the bed completely naked, legs spread, as his strong hands moved up and down his nicely-sized cock and fondled his balls.
“Why did you do it?”
John unfolded the newspaper and his eyes widened as they fell on a picture on first page. It was a photo of the grey-haired man who had just left and the caption said he was DI Lestrade, in charge of the investigations regarding the serial suicides. He frowned. Why this man had come to ask for Sherlock’s help?
“Yes John, thank you.” Mycroft answered as he dumped Sherlock’s bloody clothes in the laundry basket by the corner.
“Of course it was,” John replied with a nod. “It was extraordinary, quite extraordinary.”
“Perhaps the killer was afraid the victim would be able to give an identikit,” John suggested. “Or maybe it was a sadist.”
No change, the long pointed canines were still there, giving Sherlock a feral, dangerous look. Without intending to do so, John took a step back and watched as some of the light died in Sherlock’s eyes. They looked at each other for a while longer, then Sherlock moved past John and walked to the door. He already had a hand on the knob when he turned around and said flatly, “This is what I am, John. I never planned to show you, but tonight’s events forced my hand. I’ll understand if it too much for you. You are free to leave, of course. Also, if you want, I can erase your memory, and make you forget everything you heard and saw tonight. I swear I’ll never approach you again as a vampire. You don’t have to fear me.”
“So you have found someone crazy enough to replace Janine? I wonder how long will he last,” the woman completed with a sneer, before letting him pass and saying in her radio “Freak's here. Bringing him in.”
He quickly dispelled his upset. It was the middle of the night and John had not known he was going to return; there was no reason the other man should have waited up for him.
Sherlock shook his head slowly. “I don’t think they really knew me…although they should have.”
“Yes. I found footprints matching the victim’s shoes in that flowerbed. The grounds had been recently watered when Majors stepped on them and residues of mud stuck to his soles. He lost the mud as he walked, and the distance between his steps and their uneven direction tell me he was stumbling. The strong smell of alcohol – Glenfiddich Whisky, I believe—on the hem of his jacket sleeve and on the bench show he was so drunk he passed out lying there and it was then he was attacked and killed.”
A strong wind had started to blow as he had been waiting and John raised the collar of his jacket to stave off the cold as he continued to tail Sherlock. A loud crash coming from his right made him turn his head and he saw the wind had just thrown down a parked scooter. When John returned to look forward he noticed Sherlock was no longer in sight.
So taken she had been by her two partners, Janine had not realized at once Sherlock was in the bedroom, and he had had to watch and listen as the two men had pulled from her lips moans and groans and other sounds he had never heard before.
For a few days after the embarrassing incident in the shower, things had been strained between them, but gradually Sherlock had relaxed and stopped fearing John would try to seduce him at every turn.
“Good...” John took a deep breath and plunged in. “Then… then maybe you know why he doesn’t like sex.”
Then, in a flash, John understood why.
...John.
His Alpha gave a last final, strong push and his knot slipped inside John, pressing hard against his sweet spot.
“Well, yes.”
“But I don’t want to make you feel obligated to go along with this, after what was done to you…”
“What do you mean with ‘wrong’?” Anderson retorted, belligerent.
The smile finally fell from the manager’s face. Sherlock had observed the woman fancied herself to be a matchmaker and not the law enforcer she really was—and she didn’t like to be reminded of that.
A door at the back of the room opened and a well dressed man appeared and it was a familiar face; Jim of IT, Molly’s boyfriend.
Silence fell over the room and then John broke it with an awed, “That... was amazing.”
380 days—that was how long it had lasted. A little more than a year without being bound to an Alpha he didn’t love and considered him just a possession. One year being able to do what he pleased every time he wanted to for the first time since he completed university—and now it was going to end.
It had always been.
“Well, you’ve been ‘resting’ a lot in these days. Are you planning to continue doing so for long?”
He shivered as his mind recalled the image of Sherlock almost bleeding to death on the carpet, so John rushed to replace that memory with another one from the same night: the first time he and Sherlock had made love.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice broke the silence. “Why don’t you go to bed?”
“I’m going to the pub,” he said to Sherlock, who was awake and eating a sandwich. “There is match on telly. I’ll probably be home late, so goodnight if you to bed before I get back.”
Sherlock paused to take a breath, but before John could comment, he resumed talking. “Then there's your brother, Harry. Your phone, the one you used to call him in the taxi. It's expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but full of scratches. Not one, many over time it's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. You wouldn't treat your one luxury item like this, so it's had a previous owner. Next bit's easy. You know it already.”
Then they separated walked hand in hand toward Sherlock’s bedroom—now their bedroom.
He flushed crimson in embarrassment as his cock poked against John’s hip. All those talks about not having to have sex and here he was…
A moment later Mycroft knelt at Sherlock’s other side with a plastic bag.
“He's not like that,” John replied, more defensive than he liked to sound, “He doesn't feel things that way, I don't think.”
When Coleman had died, John’s scent had changed to his un-bonded one within three or four weeks. But his current scent still marked him as being bonded with Sherlock—which meant Sherlock had to be still alive. Heat beating faster, and looking for a confirmation to his theory, John had used the mirror to check the back of his neck. The scar of Sherlock’s bonding bite had been still silvery, not a pale, faded white as the one left with Coleman. It had been another proof Sherlock was still alive.
“Not…think I can wait…much longer…” Sherlock whispered.
John let go of his wrist, leant forward on the table, listening intently.
“I know and I’m still not interested,” John said with sincerity and determination. “I like living with Sherlock, I think he is a wonderful human being and I’ll never betray his trust.”
The mattress was narrow, barely able to house two grown men, so they had to press close to each other. It was absolutely perfect.
Once in the living room, Sherlock closed the door and after pacing back and forth a couple of times, he stopped in front of John and said, “Vampires do exist, John—although they are far different from the creatures described by Bram Stoker and his successors.”
He was about to move when the bed dipped beneath the weight of another person and two warm hands posed on his hips, effectively stilling him.
“I've still got questions.”
“Wrong as usual,” Sherlock commented without looking up. He checked the gash at the throat then stood up and looked around, his eyes finally resting on a nearby iron bench. He walked to it and ran his latex-covered fingers along the metal, before sniffing them.
The front door slammed open and John raised his eyes, his hopes surging “Quick, Mycroft, we are losing him!” he shouted.
The night he had given Sherlock his massage, John had been seriously tempted to seduce him. He knew that there were points in the male body that if carefully stimulated would arouse the recipient of the touch.
Sherlock of course noticed and growled irritated, “I’m not high! I’m perfectly sober and telling the truth.
During cab ride toward his new home, John observed his Master, studying his features at his leisure as the other man’s long, nimble fingers danced over his mobile, sending out a string of texts.
John moaned as he felt the proof his Alpha’s desire against his thighs. The press of that hardness made him almost frantic with the need to feel Sherlock’s skin against his own and he pulled away from the kiss. “We are both overdressed…” he panted. His erection was pressing against his jeans and his tights were damp with his natural lubrication. He was very excited, since this was the first time he was going to have sex of his volition and with a partner he desired in almost twenty year. No wonder he was already so turned on!
“But it didn’t last for long. When Sherlock was 19 and home from school, he fell in love with an American girl who had come to spend the summer with some relatives in the nearby town. They were inseparable and things progressed to their natural end: they were intimate—and something went terribly wrong.” Mycroft made a hopeless gesture with his hand. “I don’t know what happened as Sherlock never told me, but my best guess is his vampire instincts surfaced during the act and he bit or tried to bite his partner. Whatever the reason, he broke up with the girl and sworn off love and closeness with other people. He returned to his rebellious ways and, in time, turned to drugs. He told me it was to combat boredom, but I believe they also dulled his instincts. He overdosed twice, which meant falling into a coma he could not be roused from until I made him drink blood—another thing he resented me for. Later on, he started helping the police, and there was some improvement. Then, of course, he met you, John.” Mycroft looked straight at him, his eyes strangely bright. “You provided my brother with the steady influence and complete acceptance I could never give him, and for that I will always be in your debt.”
“Uh.” Sherlock pushed himself to a sitting position, his back supported by headboard. “Did you talk about me?”
He had almost reached 221B door when he heard running steps behind him. A moment later a deep voice murmured, “I know what my death would do to you, John. But I also know what your death would do to me—and I find that perspective far worse.”
“When Sherlock was ten, an old vampire enemy of Father broke into our house. He had discovered Sherlock’s existence and wanted to kill him as revenge against Father. Father arrived in time to stop him, and there was a terrible fight. Father managed to kill the attacker, but was mortally wounded. Before dying, he asked me to look after Sherlock—which I’ve been trying to do since then, although not always with good results.” Mycroft smiled weakly.
Thinking it would be probably his only one occasion to grill Mycroft and well, being curious about everything regarding Sherlock, John didn’t hesitate. Although his first question was about Mycroft himself.
“Course I wasn't. Biding my time. Knew you'd turn up.”
“Both.” Sherlock replied, taking off the gun and aiming at Moriarty. He studied him, but it was clear someone else was holding the sniper rifle aimed at John, ready to make the sentex explode.
“John?” Sherlock whispered.
Finally gathering his wits, he murmured, “May I speak freely, Ma- uhm, Sherlock?”
, John thought, irritated with himself. He wasn’t gay! He wasn’t even bisexual. He spent years in the army, surrounded by men of every kind and he had never felt attraction toward any of them. Yet, he had stopped denying he felt something for Sherlock, something friends didn’t feel for their mates. He was attracted to his aloof, tall, pale, beautiful flatmate. He had accepted it. Problem was he had no idea of what to do.
So far he only knew his name was Sherlock Holmes, and that he was tall, lithe but strong, generously endowed and with pale, soft skin. He had dark, curly hair, a face that while not being classically beautiful was extremely attractive, and lovely, almond shaped, changeable eyes. He was undeniably handsome and John knew many an Omega would kill to be bonded to such an Alpha.
So John could only keep his feelings for himself and hope something would happen to put an end to his doubts, in one way or the other.
“Do you wish to continue?” Sherlock asked, his voice even deeper than usual.
Well, the starting point was his bond with Sherlock Holmes. The younger man had been a constant source of surprises since they had met. Some were nice, such as the discovery of what he did for a living, other weren’t so nice, and such as learning he had been a drug addict in the past. And then, of course, there were the various body parts stashed in the fridge or in other unlikely locations.
"But it wouldn't be his fault…" he tried to reason.
John nodded, not sure what ‘lead’ Sherlock was thinking of, but any other question he might have was silenced when his friend turned to look out the window, lost again in his thoughts.
So he bowed his head and vowed, “I’ll do that, sir. I’ll protect him with my life if necessary.”
Sherlock had always known, since that first experience with Victor Trevor that sex was not his forte. Oh, he liked to pleasure himself all right, but he seemed not to feel the same lust, passion and need to mate his age mates had.
Sherlock shifted in his sleep, turning slightly on his left side, and John retracted his hand as if he had been burnt.
John thought. He would have liked to go to the crime scene, to see if real life investigations were similar to those on TV.
No, not
The other ‘but’ concerned John’s previous bondmate, Nicholas Coleman. Discreet inquiries to John’s army friends had revealed he hadn’t been happy with Coleman, that he had resented to have relations with a man he didn’t love, but who he had the right to shag John every time he wanted.
Sherlock smiled at the thought, kissed John’s temple and then closed his eyes, drifting off to sleep.
However, John realized with surprise he was strangely reluctant to ask for it—and it wasn’t because he was afraid of what the procedure would entail. It was because he had the gut feeling he was the first person Sherlock had revealed his secret to and it had been an important move for him.
In the bright light of the day his horns looked impressive, almost majestic. They were about thirty-five  centimetres long, with a slight backward curve. They sat atop his head in such a natural way it seemed like it been created to bear them, like they weren’t an unwelcome addition, but something every human should have.
“Uh?” John arched an eyebrow in inquiry.
The officers looked at Lestrade, who nodded, and stepped back to leave room to Sherlock, who knelt and examined the body again. John walked closer, seeing he was especially interested in the back of Majors’ shirt and black jacket. Sherlock ran his fingers over the fabric and sniffed them. Then he gestured the officers to resume their task and as soon as the body was removed, he closely observed the grass Majors had been laying on.
John quickly scanned the letter and breathed in relief. The Ministry could no longer force him to bond as they had done after Coleman’s death, but they strongly encouraged him to consider the idea and let them help him in his choice of mate.
John sat up as he considered the situation. A part of him wanted to continue his exploration of his bondmate. He was not sure Sherlock would allow him so much control in the future. He was an Alpha, after all, and it would be his nature to be in charge in bed as he was in the other aspects of their life.
The Chinese restaurant was almost deserted, which was not surprising given the late hour. Sherlock and John chose a table in the corner and ordered their meals, which arrived promptly.
"I like you like this," he murmured, his gaze intent. "It's what you really are, Sherlock, and I feel privileged you allow me to see it."
He turned back to face the desk and said, “You know, you have distracted me too.” He saved the update to his blog and switched off the computer. Then faced Sherlock again and continued, “I think we should retire and distract each other senseless.”
John braced his hands on his Alpha’s chest and started moving. Up, down, grinding, rolling his hips, all the moves that made him feel good, that made Sherlock’s cock rub against his most sensitive spot.
“Not yet, not yet…” he teased and Sherlock let out a groan of playful frustration, which turned into a moan when John lowered his head and bit him in the spot where his neck joined his shoulder.
Sherlock stilled his movements, confused, his harsh breathing filling the room.
John had been awoken a few minutes before with the need to visit the loo. Still half asleep, he had tensed when he had seen the light was up in Sherlock’s room.
“As my plan to lure the killer out wasn’t working, I decided to force his hands. With my network’s help, I spread word in the homeless community to always stay in groups during the night. I told them to report me if the saw an unknown individual wander around the shelters or try to get some of them go with him with some excuse. This evening I got word such an individual had been spotted near Embankment tube station. So I went there, and stumbled drunkenly along the embankment. My mark didn’t realize I was a vampire as the alcohol I had poured on my clothes disguised my scent, and he attacked me as I had hoped he would do. We fought and I won…but it was a close call.”
It was quiet evening at Baker Street 221B. Sherlock was sitting in front of the microscope examining and cataloguing fungi spores, while John was sitting in front of his computer, staring with a frown at a page of his blog.
Sherlock was feeding from him and it felt fantastic. He buried one of his hands in Sherlock’s sweaty curls, and tilted his head on the side, giving him more room.
He had never established an emotional connection with John. With the exception of the bonding heat, their couplings had always been quick, passionless affairs. Coleman had always taken John from behind, and left the bed as soon as he was finished, not caring if his Omega had reached or not his completion. In the beginning, when John had been young and full of hormones, he had found release and even a degree of satisfaction in those cold couplings, but as the years passed, sex with his bond-mate had ceased to have any appeal and had become a dreaded task. He had just lay there, took it and prayed it would end soon.
John put down the book and threw back the covers. This time he was sure he had not imagined it, but still he wanted to check. Putting on his robe, he trotted down the stairs and entered the sitting room. Empty. He went to Sherlock’s bedroom and opened it. Empty.
“Don’t touch my experiments. Don’t throw away anything before asking to me if you can—unless of course it is your stuff, then you can do what you want with it. Don’t eat anything in the fridge that isn’t clearly labelled as edible. Don’t disturb me when I’m thinking. Don’t move the things in this room; this isn’t chaos. This is an organized order only I understand. Also, I mostly eat take-away. If you like to cook or want to eat something specific, here is one of my cards. There is a Tesco around the corner. And, for God’s sake, don’t call me master.”
“Let it go, Sherlock,” John whispered. “Do it. I’m not afraid. I trust you.” He put all of his belief in his voice and expression, hoping Sherlock would see and feel how sure he was.
“No?  But I haven't mentioned a figure.”
“They were dropped there during the night, as they are dry and not wet as they would be if they had been dropped before the evening watering of the flowerbeds.”
They looked at each other a moment longer, then Sherlock broke the spell. “Dinner?”
“Do you already have a partner?” John asked, hating how small his voice sounded.
“Especially for someone who was very cautious not to leave a single footprint on the wet flowerbed.”
“Piss off freak or
He watched as Sherlock examined the body and went to knelt near him when he was asked for a professional opinion. Unfortunately, he wasn’t able to say much about how she had died, except that it was some kind of poison—which was something the police and Sherlock already knew.
Sherlock thought after several more strokes changed nothing, and he was finally forced to admit nothing was going to happen. This was the only sexual practice he enjoyed, and now he was not even able to take it to its natural conclusion!
“No? I find it hard to believe.”
So John had kept on massaging Sherlock’s back until he had fallen asleep, and the only concession to his feelings had been a kiss to his cheek and a nuzzle against his shampoo-scented soft hair.
John nodded. “I know, Sherlock. And I trust you know how important you are for me.”
“Because Moriarty had snipers ready to kill you, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade if I didn’t jump. There was no other way to stop them from pulling the trigger.” Sherlock answered softly.
“Sherlock!” she exclaimed happily, embracing the younger man. “You’re finally back! I was so worried.”
Sometimes Sherlock wondered what it would be like to have John as lover and partner too, but thoughts never went too far. He didn’t wish to press John in any way, for he was always aware that while they behaved as equals, ultimately Sherlock had all the power in their relationship. Moreover, the scars left behind by Victor, Irene and Janine were deep and he wasn’t keen on adding more.
Sherlock stared down at his hands, as he consciously relaxed the grip of his fingers, “And you’re also sure I can’t refuse?”
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens.”
"Is he going to be all right?" John asked, still concerned.
It was already sunrise when this monumental realization stuck and John felt almost giddy with joy. He couldn’t wait for Sherlock get home, so he could tell him.
“Because I’ve an idea. It crossed my mind that drunk and slumped on a bench in a park, Majors could have been easily mistaken for a homeless passing the night there. I thought it was a possible lead, worth a check.”
“Should…have told you…” Sherlock mumbled.
“How?”
For a moment he eyed the open door, mentally calculating the odds to escape from the room and that cursed building. He had friends in his homeless network who could hide him and money stashed away under a fake identity. He could leave England and relocate in some country that didn’t enforce bonding...but he didn’t want to. As much as he considered himself above silly sentiment, Sherlock loved England. He loved London and the life he had built for himself there. And – even if he wouldn’t admit it aloud even under torture – he loved Mycroft too and would miss him if he left the country.
“Nope. I’m too happy to care about it.”
“-in exchange for what?” John interrupted him. He wasn’t interested in the money, but knowing what the voice wanted him to do would help him to assess how much of a threat this person was to Sherlock.
He felt a hand touch his wrist. “Sherlock? Are you all right?” John asked. “You are awfully pale.”
“Sherlock!” he cried out, digging his fingers in his lover’s shoulders as he came. Pleasure washed over him, leaving him dizzy with its intensity.
John poured a generous amount of liquor in two glasses, gave one to Mycroft and then moved to sit on his armchair, silently inviting the other man to use Sherlock’s.
John watched, his eyes moving from Sherlock’s still face to Mycroft worried one and back to Sherlock's, as the blood kept dripping in the slack, unresponsive mouth.
“Forgive me, John. Let’s chalk it to tonight stress and the alcohol.” Mycroft recomposed himself and continued. “Vampires aren’t made; they’re born. Our father was a vampire and Sherlock inherited his nature.”
Otherwise, why would he have accepted to go flat-looking with him after their weird first meeting? “
They walked hand in hand toward their bedroom, stealing kisses along the way. Once inside they quickly shed their clothes and moved to the bed. Sherlock reclined, taking his horns out of the way and John knelt by his side, as the other man’s hand rose slowly to caress his chest.
“Molly, may I ask you something?”
Sherlock smirked slightly, as it confirmed what he had already observed on the crime scene.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock watched as John left the room, head bowed and shoulders slumped. A part of him felt the irrational need to go after the other man and tell him everything would be fine. But his more rational self knew it would be only wasted breath or, worse, it might raise John’s hopes again, making him long for something more, something that would never happen, for Sherlock had no desire to disappoint yet another person he cared for, nor did he want to get hurt another time.
It was then, as Sherlock pulled John even closer to him, that he realized with surprise that he was hard.
Sherlock bantered with Moriarty as he searched for a solution. He had been an idiot to come here alone, now he could see it. Now the only thing he could do was to try to save John and himself...especially John, because he was an innocent victim in the game he had been playing with Moriarty.
As he soaped his front, Sherlock thought about the previous evening. After completing his experiment, Sherlock had hesitated before leaving kitchen, concerned John would try again to convince him to make use of his
Was it possible these people didn’t notice Sherlock was hurt by their words? Of course, Sherlock would adamantly deny to be touched by derogatory comments, but the happy way he reacted to John’s praises or Mrs. Hudson’s care made it clear he had not be treated gently in far too long.
John smiled at the mental image of child Sherlock with an eye patch and a wooden sword and tapped a finger on the plastic bag. “He'll be OK with this ...witness protection, never seeing her again ...he'll be fine.”
Mycroft leant back on his chair and folded his hands in his lap as he calmly stared at his enraged brother. “It was this or a Knighthood, Sherlock. But as you know, we can’t let the public know the Mayfair Ripper was a distant member of the Royal Family, nor we couldn’t let the press wonder why you were awarded with such honour. So the Crown thought this would be a more appropriate reward.”
Sherlock shrugged, “She has her usefulness. Besides, she is right; I’m a freak.”
The voice that answered him sounded very alert considering it was 2am and people were usually sleeping at that time.
The man walked leisurely along the pull edge, “Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket, or are you just pleased to see me?” he commented.
John turned his head to be able to look at him, a surprised look crossing his face. His eyes studied Sherlock and then he smiled, broadly and unrestrained. “Yes, I do,” was his firm answer.
Moriarty began to walk away and Sherlock moved to keep him under aim.
When Sherlock recovered his wits, he found John sprawled atop of him, his sweaty face hovering over his own as he looked at him anxiously.
John didn’t need to check the calendar to know what day today was. It was the second anniversary of the last time he saw Sherlock. He knew both Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade would come to visit him and would try and keep his my busy in what it was supposed to be the second anniversary of his Alpha’s suicide.
His triumphant cry was soon echoed by Sherlock’s roar, as his bondmate found his own satisfaction.
John kissed Sherlock’s forehead and settled down to sleep. He had the gut feeling he would need all his energy to keep up with Sherlock’s newfound interest for sex...and wasn’t it an exciting prospect?
Sherlock pouted in displeasure and John chuckled and gave him a quick kiss on the mouth, nibbling at the pouting lips until they bent in a smile.
Sherlock thought about the matter for a while. He found the idea of the bonding mating distasteful, but he could do it if it was the price of his freedom. As for the Omega he would be tied with...well, he had been able to endure Sebastian Wilkes and his idiotic mates at university. He would be able to endure this Omega too.
John smiled as he thought about his life in the months elapsed since that fateful night.
“Are you feeling all right?” John asked in a rare moment Sherlock was awake and, blessedly, eating something.
From the moment Sherlock had been able to understand – which meant very early in his life – he had known he was different and that people were scared or disgusted by him. He had also known what it meant to be a lab-rat, as scientists at Baskerville had probed, poked, examined, tested him as they had tried – and failed – to find a way to reverse the damage caused by Frankland’s experiments.
John smiled a little. “Yes, it’s me.”
“Of course. I don’t like formalities and tiptoeing around words. Just speak your mind.”
“Me?!  Sherlock isn’t interested in me in that way, no matter how much I wish he would…” John exclaimed.
Another head shake.
John nodded in understanding. The older Holmes’s intromissions in his brother’s life were not, as he had always thought, attempts to control Sherlock and make him behave in a way Mycroft approved of. They were a man’s desire to fulfil his dying father’s last request, coupled with a great affection for Sherlock—although Mycroft would probably downplay it.
“You don’t have to wait for my lead. The trick here is to do what feels good. I promise to tell you if you do something I don’t like—and you will do the same, all right?”
“In the same way I see you think your ordinary looks is the reason you haven’t been chosen until now, and try to compensate to your lacking as best as you can-”
“Mine," he snarled with a voice he barely recognized as his own, "You're mine!" Sherlock thrust a final time, forcing his knot inside his Omega and bit down on John’s neck, breaking the skin and holding tight with his teeth as his body convulsed and he ejaculated. He was overwhelmed by a primal, feral feeling of success, of possession and he let go of John’s skin to roar out his pleasure.
“They were all possible outcomes, especially the second one.”
John was still smiling happily when sleep overcome him, warm and safe in his Alpha’s arms.
“Calm down,” Sherlock said with a slightly slurred voice. “I’m not angry. Come here…” and speaking so he opened his arms, inviting John into his embrace.
Sherlock growled, frustrated, and ran his hands in his hair. That was exactly why he avoided feelings. They confused him, filling his mind with unnecessary questions when he needed to focus only on Moriarty and the person that, with their timely phone call, had changed the consulting criminal’s mind. Those were really important questions that needed an answer.
When it was his turn, Sherlock went to the bathroom and discarded his clothes, letting them fall on the floor. He used the mirror above the sink to take a look at his back, noticing that his fur was full of black spots. He idly wondered if that scorched hair would fall out, but it was just a passing thought. He stepped inside the shower stall, set the water to be as hot as he could stand and leant his forehead against the tiled wall.
The other one was his latest assignment, Major Sholto. Like Stanford, he had been interested in more than having John just as bed mate. They had been together for one year, until Sholto had been forced to leave the army in disgrace and John had been recalled to the Royal Harem.
“What?” John asked, his voice almost strangled.
John wasn’t overtly irritated with Sherlock’s behaviour and his habit to order him around, because he had noticed he did that with everyone, Lestrade and Molly Hooper included. He was not an Alpha waiting to be attended by his Omega, just a selfish but still likeable slob…although the people actually liking Sherlock, as far as John could see, could be counted on the fingers of one hand. That made him a bit sad, if not angry.
Once home, Sherlock asked John to shower first, for he knew he would need to spend a long time under the water spray.
“The Met inspector I usually work with. We...uhm...had a disagreement and he is punishing me by not calling me to investigate on this case.” Sherlock’s voice died as he looked out of the window. “Oh, speaking of the devil...There must have been a fourth one. Suicide, I mean. And there's something different this time.”
“Help is coming,” he said softly and Sherlock nodded slightly. His brown was covered with cold sweat and his breathing was getting more laboured by the moment as his eyes started to close.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered distractedly as his eyes danced from a piece of paper to the other.
However, all of his strength left him as soon as the stepped in the living room. His knees buckled and only John’s arms prevented him from falling face first on the floor. As it was, John lowered him gently on the carpet, made him comfortable and said softly, “Keep pressing on the wound. I’m calling an ambulance.”
Sherlock smiled, “Of course not. Sleep John, there will be plenty of time later to talk.”
“Good night, Sherlock.” John mumbled.
The experience had given Sherlock hope that he and John could live together in an amicable way. He was a reserved man and liked to be left in peace, but it seemed like John knew when to keep his mouth shut. Sherlock felt confident that he and the other man would be able not only to live together, but to also become friends. Of course it would take time, for he had no illusion he could change John’s mindset with a few well-intended words. The older man had been trained since infancy to behave in a certain way and it would take time for him to understand what freedom of choice really meant.
John didn’t hesitate. He stood up and quickly discarded his jumper and shirt. By the time he was out of his underwear, Sherlock was already naked and stretched on the bed, his head supported by his bent elbow.
The people on his way quickly moved aside to let him pass without even thinking of stopping him, even if the man’s behaviour was not appropriate for the club. They all knew how scathing his tongue could be, and nobody wanted to be at the receiving end of his deductions. Nor to be in the path of his long, pointed and dangerous looking horns.
John looked at him, puzzled, and Sherlock realized he would have to tell the entire, embarrassing truth.
When their parents had married, they were both known to be the children of two couples who had met while working at Baskerville Research Base during WWII. What they hadn’t known was that their parents had unknowingly been object of strange experiments during the years spent in the facility, experiments led by an unscrupulous doctor named Frankland, a pioneer in DNA studies and genetic manipulations. As result both Mycroft and Sherlock had got a double dose of modified genes. Mycroft had turned out perfectly normal, physically speaking, but Sherlock…Mycroft had been never able to understand what Frankland had tried to obtain when he had mixed human DNA with Alpine Ibex genes, but the results of such experiments were visible in Sherlock.
He had watched, waiting for Sherlock to explode, wanting so badly to see his face contort with pleasure, but after a while he had become aware something was wrong.
Sherlock turned his head, a look of dread on his face.
“Interested in Sherlock? Why? I'm guessing you're not friends.”
“Wake up John,” he said aloud, shaking harder when the other man didn’t wake but cried again, uttering a series of “no, no, no”. Sherlock bent over John, took hold of both his shoulders and shook him again as he ordered, “Wake up, Captain Watson!”
He reached out to the bedside lamp, but Sherlock stopped him. “Listen, what I said before, John, I meant it.” He said, looking straight at John’s eyes. “I don't have friends. I've just got one. You.”
He got his answer when Sherlock surged up, grabbed his shoulders and twisted them around.
“Besides,” John added with a smile, “it wouldn’t have been nice to lose my bond-mate before our honeymoon even started.”
“No. The union between a vampire and a human has only a 1 chance out of 50 to give birth to a vampire. Sherlock was the first vampire child Father had sired in his 300-year-long life.”
“Let me wash your back, Sherlock,” John murmured behind him.
Sherlock looked at him with as an intense gaze as John had never seen before and said, “I will always come back to you, John. You’re my bondmate and I love you.”
He straightened and reached for his phone, but Sherlock’s left hand wrapped around his ankle, stopping him.
Sherlock fell silent, as he contemplated the situation, although he knew he really had no choice. He had suffered too much in the past at the hands and tongues of heartless people to consign a poor, innocent man to a life of abuse.
“Molly?” pressed Sherlock.
“What?” Sherlock sat up straighter, eyes very bright. “But you-”
“Get me out of here, Mycroft!” he exclaimed.
“Yes, but I couldn’t forget the fact I was legally your owner. I didn’t like it,” Sherlock said seriously, before his mouth bent in another grin, “Besides, I want you to be able to come with me when I go abroad on cases.”
“Would you really care if they did?”
“You can’t?!” Sherlock almost snarled, leaning forward on the desk. “This has your fat fingerprints all over it.”
Silence fell on the room and Sherlock felt the weight of several days without rest come over him. He closed his eyes and was about to fell asleep when he felt an arm wrap around his chest. He didn’t say anything, nor he reacted in any way, but a small smile graced his lips as sleep claimed him for good.
“What were you expecting? What I would shout at you? Punch you? Faint because of the shock?”
Janine Hawkins, a journalist he had met during one of his early cases, had been able to look past Sherlock’s looks and caustic tongue to see the man he really was and they had bonded almost at once. Janine had helped Sherlock to establish himself as a consulting detective by blogging about his cases. They had been very close, being seen out together a lot, and then they had become lovers. Mycroft had never seen his brother as happy and settled...but it hadn’t lasted.
Sherlock kissed John again, then proceed to touch and caress him everywhere, his hands gentle yet possessive. He was much more confident of his skills as a lover now. He could see with his own eyes how much his touch excited John.
Not only he was almost as smart as Mycroft – and that alone would have been enough to set him apart from the rest of the population, as he knew very well – but he also had physical characteristics that made it impossible for him to blend in.
“What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
John soaped Sherlock’s back and hair, massaging his muscles and scalp, the touch efficient, professional, and quite enjoyable.
John’s eyes roved over the expanse of pale skin of Sherlock’s chest. He has some chest hair and had a surprising muscle definition, sleek and lean like a feline’s. His nipples were flat and just begging to be touched and licked. John’s hand itched with the desire to touch that skin, to feel if it was as soft as it looked. His fingers reached out almost of their volition...just a touch, he thought almost in trance...a brief one and-
As the water washed over him, Sherlock thought about his day. He doubted Lestrade had relented in his determination of not calling him to consult on some case, and all because of how he had treated a witness during a previous case. But what should had he done? Waited until that woman stopped crying before asking his questions? Lie to her and say it wasn’t her fault if his husband had taken his boss hostage, when it was her continual requests for money that had pushed the man to commit his crime? A life had been at stake and Sherlock had done what was needed. Sooner or later Lestrade would see it...or maybe it would be some puzzling mystery to make him change his mind.
Later that afternoon John, Sherlock, Lestrade and Donovan went to St. Bart’s pathology department to listen to the results of Anthony Majors’ autopsy performed by Dr. Hooper.
“Where?” Sherlock said in greeting.
“Yes?”
”...that sentence alone would have scared away more than one person. And more: why would he have refused the money a man he had believed to be a criminal – a man who had kidnapped him in an isolated power plant, for God’s sake! -- had offered him to spy on Sherlock, when he was almost broke? Why would he have ignored Sally Donovan’s – a police sergeant, mind you – warnings about Sherlock? More importantly, why he would have killed a man to save Sherlock’s life less than 36 hours after meeting him?
The very moment John Watson, former RAMC captain saw two orderlies step inside his room along with the Breeding House’s manager, he knew his freedom was about to come to an end.
Sherlock was very irritated and bored out of his mind. His precious brain would certainly rot if he didn’t get out of there quickly, as he had exhausted all the ways to keep it at work. He had read all the – boring – books in the room and deduced the lives of all the doctors, nurses and orderlies he had come in contact with. As they had taken away his phone, he couldn’t even text to Lestrade and consult from his prison.
“Janine Hawkings? The TV journalist?” John asked in surprise.
He took several deep breaths to calm his excitement, and then he resumed his activities. He slid his palms along Sherlock’s sides, following the curve of his ribs, down to his abdomen and to his lower belly, where his lover’s hair was thicker. John’s fingers combed the soft dark curls, then he tugged at them, that little bit of pain he knew Sherlock would find pleasurable. His lover’s hips arched up as his still neglected cock became even harder, a clear drop of fluid appearing on its tip, and rolling down the shaft. John caught it with his index finger and brought it between his lips, wantonly tasting it, as if he was savouring expensive champagne.
Sherlock nodded. “I guessed so. That’s why I’m going out. I’ve a killer to hunt and you need some time alone.” His fangs had retracted and he looked again as the man John had known for the past year. But he wasn’t – he was a vampire for God’s sake!--and John caught himself breathe in relief when Sherlock walked out of the room and left him alone.
John smiled at the command, all too happy to comply.
“Are you telling us he was bitten by a vampire?!” Donovan exclaimed. Sherlock scoffed and the sergeant corrected her words, “I mean, someone believing to be a vampire?”
The light suddenly came on, blinding him for a moment. When John was finally able to see again he spotted Mycroft Holmes standing in front of him, holding his umbrella.
The car was moving slowly along London congested traffic as John Watson stared unseeingly out of the window.
“There is no need to feel sorry,” Sherlock interjected, starting to climb the nearby stairs. “This is perfect. Now come, John, let’s take a look at your new home.”
Mycroft listened intently, then asked, “Did he mention if the other vampire is still alive or where he found him?”
Their lips met in a kiss that was curious and sweet and tender. A chaste first kiss that left Sherlock wishing for more—which was granted with their second kiss, when John parted his lips, inviting his questioning tongue into his mouth
John looked at the folder. They could tell the truth to Sherlock and kill any lingering hope he might have to meet Irene Adler again, or they could tell him the lie about the witness protection and leave his hopes alive. The first option appealed to John’s jealous side, the other to him more caring and concerned side.
John loved kissing with Sherlock, it always managed to touch an emotional cord inside him. Most of the times they kissed just for the pleasure of doing it, without any need for more, but today John felt Sherlock harden against his thigh and he welcomed it. He couldn’t think of a better way to celebrate his freedom than to make love as a free man.
“Any good?”
A light bite on Sherlock’s right nipple made him groan aloud, so John repeated the action. This time the resulting groan sounded more like a growl and when he tried it on the other nipple, John got a definitive, animal like growl as response.
“Oh. So your parents are like you?”
John shifted his weight, uncomfortable. As almost every bonding heat resulted into a pregnancy, the old lady had of course thought it would be so for him too—and she looked so excited at the prospect of a child he didn’t know how to tell her there wouldn’t be one.
“Indeed.”
John’s eyes widened and he remained still for a moment, before he caught up with Sherlock. “Vampire? Did you really say that?!” he exclaimed.
“He had just attended the stag night with some co-workers. They confirmed he drank a lot,” Lestrade commented. “He worked for a consulting firm in the City. We are going back to ask more questions. Sherlock, do you want to come with us?”
Mycroft sighed, “Calm down, Sherlock. Your Personal Companion knows what you look like and was given the choice to refuse the assignation. He accepted and I can assure you because I was there: there was no coercion.”
“A fourth?” Mrs. Hudson commented as John heard someone walk up the stairs. A moment later a man with iron- gray hair came into the room, his breath slight hurried.
During the first two months after that terrible day at Bart’s, John had been crushed with grief, the pain of losing the man he had come to love with all of himself almost too strong to bear. Then one morning while he was showering, the hot water making his natural scent more intense, he had realized his body fragrance had not changed.
"Oh." John was a bit disappointed he won't be able to wear the mark Sherlock had given him, the mark that symbolized their reciprocal trust, but as a doctor he understood the need to heal the wound quickly.
A final sweep of that talented tongue around the head of his cock and Sherlock could not take it anymore: he arched his back to push himself as far as he could into John’s mouth and came with a loud shout, as white-hot pleasure exploded in him.
The confrontation that had followed had been nasty and Sherlock had erased most of it, but for the crux of the matter: Janine had hired two prostitutes because she was tired of a passionless lover. She had been tired of Sherlock’s gentle and methodical loving. She had wanted to be ravished, to be conquered, to be dominated and since it was clear Sherlock was not going to do it, she had taken action to get what she wanted.
Well, at least that hadn’t changed.
As for Sherlock himself, he was completely blind to the people staring and whispering behind his back. He was too busy trying to regain control over the fury that had assaulted him the moment he had read the now crumpled letter he held in his right hand.
“Yes. Mycroft helped too. He made clear a refusal wouldn’t be appreciated,” Sherlock grinned.
It did not take long for the Alpha’s breath to become laboured, so John stopped his ministrations. He could not risk Sherlock losing control when they had barely started.
Sherlock let his eyes dance over his face and body and shook his head. “No.”
He was so stunned. So shocked by what had heard and see he could barely wrap his mind around it.
, depending if they are religious or not,” his Master’s lips bent in a grin and John found himself grinning back, even if his heart constricted upon hearing how the other man was treated.
A naked man lying on his front. Sandy blond hair, shorter than him but blockier. Quite muscled to be an Omega. Interesting.
“Yes...That’s why I wanted you free…”
“That doesn’t explain why you are going out at night.”
“Nothing you won’t like, I promise,” John teased, because they both knew he would never do anything to upset Sherlock.
It was created when one of the first UK ambassadors to Japan returned from his assignment believing his country needed an institution like the Japanese Geishas.
“I’m a consulting detective,” a deep voice said, making him jump. John realized he must had talked aloud. “Only one in the world. I invented the job.”
The room he stepped into was big, luminous and airy. It was a study-library, with floor to ceiling bookshelves, a big wooden table with chairs, two leather armchairs and a couch. It was the latter that caught John’s attention. Or better, the figure curled atop of it.
Moriarty smoothed his clothes. “Westwood. Do you know what happens if you don't leave me alone, Sherlock? Do you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are gorgeous, you know?” John said breathily, as he knelt near his bondmate’s hips. “Very sexy.”
“Forget my knee!” Sherlock growled as he plunged again inside him, his thrust long and powerful.
“I think it’s enough, Sherlock,” Mycroft ordered. “Try not to offend Mr. Watson.”
“I…love…you…” he tried to smile, but never completed the gesture as his body went completely limp and his eyes closed.
They reclined, Sherlock on his back, John on his side facing him. Sherlock switched off the lamp and murmured, “Goodnight, John”.
The temptation to see with his eyes the images his mind was conjuring had been too strong to resist.
“Who is Lestrade?” John interjected.
Sherlock nodded and John moved away, to give him room to divest himself from his t-shirt and pyjama bottoms. John got quickly rid of his own clothes and soon they were both nude.
The next instant he found himself flat on his back with Sherlock hovering over him, pupils blown black with want and his mouth open showing his fangs.
“Catch you... later,” he said, his hand never wavering.
“We must act fast,” Mycroft said, pulling out a pair of scissors and a blood bag. “Keep his mouth open as I pour this into it.”
“The killer attacked Majors because he thought he was a homeless sleeping in the park. He hunts homeless people knowing the police won’t investigate much if one of them turns up dead.”
John stared at the closed door for a couple of minutes, then walked slowly to his armchair and sat down heavily. He closed his eyes and used the breathing technique Ella had thought him to calm down and clear his thoughts after one of his nightmares. He breathed in and out at a slow rhythm, trying to put some order in his jumbled thoughts and emotions.
“I’m having a whisky,” he said, opening a cabinet. “Do you want one too?”
They remained like that for a long moment, gasping for air, covered with sweat, exhausted and exhilarated. Then, John reached out to caress Sherlock’s sweaty back and the younger man raised his head to look at him.
“What?” John asked, trying to keep Sherlock talking.
And this completes the story. I hope you enjoyed it.
“It looks like a human bite. Someone with very sharp teeth ripped this poor man’s throat apart and, apparently…drank his blood.” Molly sounded almost apologetic, as if she couldn’t quite believe what she had said and was expecting a bad reaction to her theory.
Sherlock thoroughly explored the hot cavern, memorizing the taste of his love. John responded to him with the same intensity and soon they were devouring each other mouths and moans.
The Alpha frowned. He had never cared about people’s feelings. The Work was the only thing that mattered to him, and he had no qualms with manipulating others by playing with their emotions to get what he wanted. Yet, somehow, her cared about John’s feelings. It was important for him that John was happy. But how to know? Should he ask John? What if he got a “no” as answer? What if John wanted more than he could give?
With a growl of desire, Sherlock moved down John’s body, pulled his thighs apart and plunged his aching member into the welcoming body. He groaned aloud at the incredible heat and tightness around him. He had never imagined it would feel so good. Gripping John’s hips so hard that his fingers left bruises, Sherlock let instinct guide him and started thrusting. First slowly, then faster and harder as John arched his body upwards to meet his movements. The knot at the base of Sherlock’s member, the one that had fully formed only on the day he had presented as an Alpha, inflated and the need to press it into John was overwhelming. But first...
John finally turned to met Sherlock’s face. He had felt the emotion in that usually cold voice, had felt his raw concern for his safety and his heart had rejoiced. Sherlock
Sherlock ground his teeth, wishing he could be more like Mycroft, and live following his brother’s creed; caring was not an advantage. He knew that most people thought him unfeeling and inconsiderate, but it was just a facade, a wall he had built to protect himself from insults, disgust and pity. However, it wasn’t a perfect wall, because kind words could easily crack it. Sherlock wished it wasn’t so. He had learned the hard way people lied and shouldn’t be trusted.
John closed his eyes briefly, as if he was savouring something. Then he opened them again and whispered, “I feel wonderful. Never better. Now I know what ‘making love’ means. Thank you so much for making me feel like this.”
Silence fell over them as John tried to process what he had just heard. He couldn’t make any sense of it and his logical mind rebelled to the idea vampires could exist and that Sherlock – rational, calculating, no-nonsense Sherlock – could believe he was one of them. He was about to ask again to his friend if he was sure to be all right when he noticed something odd in his mouth.
John thought that this potentially very embarrassing and humiliating situation could be a good occasion to show Sherlock he was loved—no matter what.
, Sherlock? Or just the image they had of you?”
John tugged on Sherlock’s hand and murmured. “Now lay down and let me teach you how to make love...do you want it?”
John frowned, wanting to slap his forehead. Of course this was about Sherlock, who would have interest in kidnapping him?
John’s breath caught in his throat upon hearing the three words he had so longed to hear. “I love you too,” he said back.
Damn!
It felt good, but something seemed to be amiss… it wasn’t building.
“Yes...he has been wounded to his neck. I don’t know with what, but he is losing a lot of blood and he is barely conscious. I wanted to take him to the hospital, but he said they can’t help him and to call you,” John explained running a hand in his hair as he looked at still form of his friend.
The next morning Sherlock stepped inside the shower stall and switched on the hot water, moaning in appreciation as it fell on his shoulders and neck.
Sherlock smiled, the fangs giving him a strange expression, and reached out with his hand. John took it and stood up. They kissed, Sherlock being careful not to hurt him with his fangs and John daringly running his tongue over the sharp points.
The Omega smiled at him as he spread his legs in invitation. “You’re beautiful, Sherlock,” he whispered with a slurred but still nice voice. “Such a good looking, strong Alpha...”
“What do people normally say?”
John realized with a shiver. So much blood, slipping between his friend’s fingers and dripping on the carpet.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes Sherlock, yours, always yours, forever yours…” John answered, as he caressed his lover’s furred back and tail, “You know that right?”
“That's not what people normally say,” his Master commented, looking out of the window.
“What had happened?” John asked softly.
“Of course. Yes. Enough for a lifetime, far too much,” John answered…thinking it was the truth. Wasn’t what his therapist had said? That his life as soldier was in the past and he needed to move over and start anew. But the moment his Alpha asked, “Want to see some more?” John knew there was only a possible answer and he didn’t hesitate in voicing it.
John stared at his flatmate for a while. Sherlock had sounded sincere when he claimed he had not gone out, but he wasn’t convinced. He was sure he had heard the door opening and closing and he could imagine Mrs. Hudson would go out at such hour.
And now, seven months later, the time had come.
“I can’t, as I didn’t leave the flat. You must have imagined it.” That said, Sherlock closed his eyes and went to sleep.
What Sherlock had said was so incredible—almost inconceivable. How could he ever think of putting his personal wishes before those of his master? It went against everything that he had been taught and everything he had ever lived by.
“Indeed. Anyway, Sherlock’s childhood was the same of any human child. His vampire nature wouldn’t awake till puberty and while Father told him he was different and explained to him some things, Sherlock was too young to truly understand them. Father also taught me about his kind, so I could be able to teach them to Sherlock should something happen to him—as it tragically happened.” Mycroft sighed.
John nodded, shivering as he remember Sherlock collapsing and the blood spurting for his neck. “How did you manage to come home?”
“Well, you are. Very much so.” John smiled and reached out to take Sherlock in his hand. He stroked slowly, watching avidly as Sherlock closed his eyes and rocked his hips.
“No. I left one of my experiments unattended for far too long. John, let’s go.”
Sherlock had started to wonder what it would be like to have sex with John without the frenzy of the heat. Would he like it? He had just vague memories of their bonding heat, as his mind had been completely overpowered by his instincts and body needs. He was not keen to repeat a similar experience as he didn’t like to lose control in such a way, but he would like to try again in normal circumstance, if only for experiment’s sake. To see, to know first hand what all the fuss about sex was about.
That said, Sherlock walked the final steps to the door of their home and unlocked it.
“There is nothing to say. Just stay near my brother.” Mycroft smiled and stood up. “Time for me to go home as I have an early meeting in the morning. Sherlock should wake up soon and I’m sure he would appreciate if he could talk with you in private. Don’t hesitate to call me should you need anything.”
Sherlock had trusted John—and John trusted Sherlock.
For the fourth time during the visit, John nodded. He just wanted to be left alone and be able to spend in peace the time before the start of his heat, without having to listen to the platitudes of a woman who hadn’t the slightest idea about the life most Omegas led after being bonded.
“You tell me.”
“Maybe they weren’t able…or interested…to see the real you. It doesn’t really matter now. What matters, what I’m trying to make you understand, is that I love you, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, and that all I want from you is to be allowed to take care of you, to make you happy…and I don’t care if it will mean we will live in chastity for the rest of our lives as long as you promise me we will fall asleep in each other arms every night,” John concluded, heart hammering again in his chest as he waited for Sherlock’s response to his declaration.
So he approached John and the other man and studied his friend. “Are you all right?”
Sherlock all but blanched at those words. Honeymoon? What honeymoon? Of course, he knew what it was: a period of vacation newly bonded or married couples spent alone…usually involving a lot of sex. Sherlock shivered at the mere idea. Oh no…
Sherlock’s relaxed mood had thus disappeared, and dinner had started as a rather tense affair. However, by the time they had cleared the table and throw away the boxes, his mood had improved and the rest of the evening had been spent in amicable silence. John had watched a movie while Sherlock had answered to his emails, solving four cases, deleting fan mail, and resolutely turning down a request from a Japanese doctor to examine him for the book he was writing.
He had stayed up till 4am, waiting for Sherlock to come back so he could give him a piece of his mind, but when keeping his eyes open had become a losing battle, he had decided to go to bed. Sleeping on the armchair or couch was bad for his shoulder and he didn’t want to be sore for the whole day because of Sherlock bloody Holmes.
John smiled broadly. “Then it means I will have to treasure them—but never as much as I treasure you, Master.”
Sherlock licked his lips at the sight of those too bright blue eyes locked with his own. He became suddenly aware of the massive erection he now sported. It had been years since his flesh had been aroused to such a degree and he didn’t know what to do. Or better, he knew what he had to do but...Sherlock shook his head again as he took a tentative step forward.
“John,” Sherlock repeated and then lowered his face and kissed him. There was nothing gentle in it: it was deep, rough, desperate—and John responded in kind, too dazed to realize it was the first kiss they had ever shared. He poured all his love, longing and loneliness, wanting to make his Alpha understand how much he meant to him.
“Nope, I haven’t read it. I just saw.”
“Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine,” the other man replied, but Sherlock could see he was shaking. Without wasting time, he knelt to remove the sentex-packed jacket. The position allowed him a better view of the explosive and the zip, and also reduced the risk of accidentally hurting John with his horns.
He had thus discovered Sherlock was terribly intelligent, but prone to rapid changes of mood. There had been days spent in absolute silence and others in which Sherlock had talked non-stop, telling John about the experiments he was running and how he had once identified and classified 243 different types of tobacco ashes. It had been in that occasion that John had learned what his master did for a living: he was a private detective—or better, a consulting detective.
So he had stepped inside the bedroom, shed his bathrobe, lowered onto the bed and taken Sherlock’s shaft in his mouth.
John didn’t tell him he knew about it. Instead he smiled and replied, “You know I like danger—and I trust you.” He leant forward until only a few inches separated their faces and whispered, “Please Sherlock, I want to share this with you.”
Thanks for all the kudos!
The man moaned and turned his head, his eyes fixing on Sherlock.
“Really? You know what you could use that money to buy fake documents and leave Britain to live as a free man in another country?”
However, as soon as Lestrade left the flat, his Master’s stance completely changed. He grinned broadly and jumped in happiness.
“Come with me, Mr. Holmes,” she said coldly, turning toward the door. Sherlock followed her out of the room and into the corridor, closely tailed by two burly male Beta orderlies, ready to intervene if he became violent or tried to flee.
John nodded with a confused frown. They had ascertained it long ago.
Sherlock sighed as he stepped inside the darkened living room.
If it was someone else, a man met at the pub or even someone he knew better, such as Mike, he would bit the bullet and make a pass at them, just to see what would happen next. But it was Sherlock. John’s best friend. The man who had rescued him from an empty, lonely existence and given him a new life full of excitement, intrigue and, most importantly, companionship. John didn’t want to jeopardize it because he had suddenly become bi-curious.
A wave of Omega pheromones invested him, almost paralyzing in their intensity. Sherlock shook his head, trying to clear his mind from the dizziness. Then he took a step backward, trying to get away from that disturbing, intoxicating scent, but the orderlies stepped in. He was pushed into the room and locked inside before he could even realize what was happening.
Sherlock didn’t return home the next day, but John wasn’t worried. He thought his friend was giving him time to think, so he went on with his life as usual. He slept late, dealt with his sore shoulder and went to the clinic for an afternoon shift. Later he went to the pub with Mike Stanford and another one of their course mates, who was in London for a conference. It was an enjoyable night and he fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
John sensed his orgasm approach. His toes curled, his belly muscles tensed and he cried out. “Now Sherlock!”
His ears perked up, all signs of slumber disappearing from his now taut body. He jumped up off the bed as he fired off a text.
“He was. Mummy instead wasn’t. She would have preferred another human child. I suppose she was concerned about the life Sherlock would have to face: the secrets, the loneliness and the heartbreak of surviving all his loved ones,” Mycroft replied before sipping from his glass.
She was a dream come true, his perfect match. Determined not to disappoint her between the sheets, Sherlock had done searches, watched instructional videos and even spent time with a prostitute in order to get the knowledge of to how please the woman he loved.
John had watched mesmerized with the way Sherlock’s muscles had bulged and relaxed beneath his pale skin as he worked to bring himself to climax.
“Just an observation,” Sherlock said. “If the killer wanted to mask the murder as a mugging, why did they dropped the booty in that bush where it could be easily found?”
John had carefully moved the books and papers on the table to make room for take away boxes.
Sherlock would rather be celibate for the rest of his life than oblige John to submit to something he didn’t want.
“Sorry for the clock and dagger atmosphere, John, but I needed to be sure,” he said.
The door bell rang, distracting John from his thoughts. He ran down the stairs to see who it was as Mrs. Hudson had gone to visit a friend in Wales for a week.
Sherlock chuckled and shook his head ruefully. “It’s a good thing nobody is watching us. We sound so disgustingly sappy…”
So Sherlock scratched the idea of an escape and glared at the manager, “I gather the Omega is ready. Take me to him.”
The inn was silent and dark but for a small lamp in a corner. He didn’t need to check his watch to know it was very late. It was also quite cold now that the fire had died, so he decided to go to bed. He wouldn’t probably sleep, but at least he would be warm under the covers.
“No,” Sherlock pressed, his tone urgent. “Listen to me a bit longer. It was more than fear, John. It was doubt. I felt doubt.” Sherlock paused and looked at John, trying to see if the other man understood how shocking the experience had been for him. “I've always been able to trust my senses, the evidence of my own eyes, until tonight.”
John lowered his head to kiss his Alpha’s nose, cheeks, eyelids, as under him Sherlock kept on arching and wriggling to increase the friction on his aroused sex.
Sherlock stared at the man standing in front of him with duffel bag in his hand. He was short, with sandy-blond hair, blue eyes and an ordinary look about him and his clothes. There was nothing in him that screamed ‘Personal Companion’, and he was grateful for that.
“What do you think?” Sherlock asked after a while.
He hadn’t done it. Because Sherlock had told him long ago he didn’t want sex and John’s actions would have betrayed the trust the other man had in him if he took advantage of his discomfort to seduce him.
Once there John stopped, still on his knees with a hand pressed on the mattress to hold himself steady, as the other behind his back. It took a moment for Sherlock’s dazzled brain to understand John was preparing himself.
“Because I love you too, you git.”
John was in the sitting room, staring at the open, blank page of his computer. Months before, his therapist had suggested that writing down what happened to him, would be help him to get used to civilian life. The last time they had seen each other, she had asked him if he had written something and he had replied with a “no”, because nothing happened to him.
In the end they reached their destination, which proved to be a Victorian house in Baker Street. It was a prime spot and John wondered what was his Master’s job. It had to be an important one, because Personal Companions were gifted only to people who had done something significant for Britain.
“Do you want to take over?” John whispered, his breath ragged.
“Yes, she is away. And now surprise me: how did you know?” Anderson asked, with a mixture of feigned boredom and sarcasm.
However, concern wasn’t the only reason pushing John to look at Sherlock. To put it simply, he enjoyed watching his flatmate work on his experiments. He liked to observe the precise, skilled movements of Sherlock’s hands, the fierce concentration on his face when he was trying to understand some result, and the satisfied smirk on his lips when one of his theories was proved right.
Sherlock frowned and looked puzzled. “Why should I go out at such uncivilized hour? And to do what?”
“Of course,” she smiled.
John let him go, throwing an upset glance to Sherlock.
Sherlock flashed him a broad smile and sat more relaxed. John scooted a bit closer and asked, “What happened tonight?”
Mycroft waved his thanks away with a hand and walked down the stairs. As soon as the front door closed, John went to Sherlock’s bedroom and pushed the door open, looking at his sleeping friend.
do, Sherlock, but you can move, if you want. If not, then don’t do anything. I’ll take care of both of us.”
"Good." John felt his eyelids grow heavier and more difficult to keep open. "Do you mind if I crash on you?" he murmured. "I want to talk more, but I'm too exhausted...”
Steeling his heart and regretting the hurt he was going to inflict, Sherlock walked past John and opened the shower stall. He grabbed his bathrobe and handed a large towel to John. “Cover yourself,” he commanded.
“Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said gesturing with his hand, “This is John Watson, my bond-mate.” The woman smiled as he continued the introductions. “John, this my...our landlady, Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock’s phone chirped with a text alert.
The playful tone of before had been replaced by a deadly one. Moriarty had played with them as a cat does with the mouse, but now he was going to land the killing blow.
Sherlock must had deduced Moriarty was planning something serious against him. He had become tenser, closed off, often time distant, his brilliant mind lost in thought. Then Moriarty had finally struck, and there had been no time to talk as the events rushed toward their tragic conclusion.
It had been Sherlock’s greatest international success, and he should be proud of how he had solved the case—instead his mind was once again thinking to that long past day.
He found himself thinking of how good his life had turned to be since the day he had been obliged to bond with Sherlock. True, back then he had prayed the new bond would be happier than his first one, but it had gone beyond his wildest hopes. And the best was yet to come, as their life as truly bonded mates had just began.
There was a long moment of silence, during which John thought he had dared too much, but then Molly began to talk, very quietly. “Sherlock never told me ‘why’ he doesn’t like sex. He just told me – he was twenty-two when he did – that he didn’t like it. That he found it distasteful, a chore more than a pleasure. I didn’t prod—he was already so embarrassed – and he didn’t elaborate more. I suppose there is no need for a reason to explain his distaste. I guess he just doesn’t have it in him.”
Sherlock groaned aloud but obeyed, spreading his arms wide on the mattress, his fists now clenching the sheet. John rewarded him by tracing large, lazy circles with his fingertips over the silky skin of his pectorals, which became narrower and narrower as they approached his nipples that were then lightly pinched. Sherlock moaned aloud and his back arched as he offered himself to John.
“Uh?”
“I don’t want to,” he answered and waited for John’s reaction.
John’s smile widened into a grin. As he had fantasized in the past, Sherlock had indeed proved to be as meticulous and observant in bed as he was with his experiments and investigations. He enjoyed studying John’s reactions to his touches and caresses and when he discovered something John’s especially liked, he never forgot to do it again and again.
"So," he finally said, looking down at the document still on his brother’s desk, "When I will meet this John Watson?”
He felt irritated at himself, because he had not yet been able to let go of the memories of what had happened that very day, four years ago. The image of Janine in bed with two prostitutes was still so fresh, still able to cause him pain even today, when logically he should have felt only pride in himself and his accomplishments.
John laughed aloud and then walked to one of the armchairs near the fire place and sat down. His muscles still ached because of all…the exercise… he got the previous two days. He also hoped Sherlock would take the hint and sat down too, so they could have a proper talk as bond-mates.
Molly shook her head, sadly. “No, John, he has. He had sex with someone he loved—and it made it even worse.”
John’s expression clearly showed how little he cared about finding an answer to that question. “Yes. Yeah, right, good. So you've got something to go on, then. Good luck with that. Now, let me sleep.”
“Here, let me show you.” The two men moved closer and John imitated them. Molly took a magnifier and moved it over on the victim’s throat. “Here…can you see the difference between the centre of the wound and its sides?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened in surprise. John had been so anguished to see him dead in his dream? Not knowing what to say about it, he asked, “Do you need something? Tea, maybe?”
“Oh, God, yes.”
“Because it is dangerous.”
“Sorry, Master, I don’t understand,” Watson asked.
“Not master and not sir; just Sherlock.”
His successes with NSY had attracted him more and more private clients, and nowadays Sherlock was more than able to support himself without any need to draw money from the trust fund their grandparents set up for him after his birth, when no one had even know if Sherlock possessed the brain of a human or that of an animal.
Sherlock smiled under the spray of water as he thought of John’s delighted expression at his praise, but then frowned slightly as he remembered the man’s next words.
“Hell, Sherlock. You almost gave me a heart attack!” John exclaimed in relief. Then coughed as a strong stench of alcohol enveloped him. “What the f- Did you bathe in alcohol?!”
Sherlock slammed his hands against the wall in frustration. Instead of relaxing he was getting even more tense and sore, so much he had troubles in keeping his head high.
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Sherlock growled, raising his hands and starting to pace. “I didn’t ‘attack’ that man because he was a bonded Alpha and I wanted to steal his mate.” His expression turned into a grimace of distaste. “I blocked him because I deduced he was about to rob an old lady of her purse! Obviously!”
“To spring a trap. Obvious.”
John stood up as Sherlock put away the phone. “Lestrade?” he asked.
No way.
Sherlock hadn’t even protested when John had taken Sarah to the flat after the fight in the Chinese Circus...John’s eyes widened as an idea crossed his mind. Then he smiled. He now knew what he would write on his blog: the recount of Sherlock’s cases—of their cases. He would have to delete the names to protect the innocent and avoid legal suits, but for the rest he would be able to say everything. The world deserved to know how brilliant Sherlock really was, something that couldn’t be gauged by his – frankly boring – “Science of Deduction” site.
His ears were interesting too: although partially hidden by his Master’s curly hair, they were covered in soft looking fur and rotated as they followed noises.
“The natural concerns of a mother, I guess.”
John interjected, “How can you possibly know about the drinking?”
“I don’t fear you…well, sometime I do when your do something stupid as shooting at the wall or prance around the flat with a harpoon but…” John laughed nervously, almost hysterically, but a quick glance to his left hand revealed it was steady and still. He took a deep breath and continued with a slightly uncertain voice. “This is a lot to take in, Sherlock. I need time to think about it and sort my thoughts out.”
A case was just what he needed to distract his mind from his thoughts about Sherlock, and hopefully it would a complex one too.
John walked to the bathroom, disrobed and went into the shower, turning on the cold water. The chilly jet killed his arousal and he switched to the hot water to wash himself.
John grunted and turned to face. “Fine, but be quick,” he replied with an annoyed tone.
“Uhm...what about injuries and violent deaths?”
The tips of something long and white could be seen against his full lips.
