Thank you so much for reading! Comments and kudos are always appreciated, I love to hear from you, even if it's just a simple "Hi" :)
When John opened his eyes, he realised that he had fallen asleep again. The sunlight was seeping through the curtains, and the rain had stopped. John could hear the heavy drops of water falling off the roof onto the windowsill, as he let his eyes adjust to the morning light. He could tell that he had moved in his sleep; their legs were tangled together, one of Sherlock’s knees between his, and John could feel Sherlock’s heartbeat against his arm that was resting over his chest. The cotton hospital gown felt cool and comfortable against his skin, but he craved more. More skin. More touch. More
Just as he was about to dive into his Mind Palace to submerge himself into pleasant memories—not his preferred form of escapism, but it would have to do—he felt the beginnings of a familiar headache creeping into the base of his skull. It wasn’t anything unexpected, but that didn’t make him dread it any less. Ever since the fateful morning when he awoke blind, he had been suffering from agonizing headaches, nausea, and occasional bouts of light-headedness. The migraines and nausea were usually worse in the evenings, reducing him into a state of trembling misery, curled in a foetal position on the bed or the bathroom floor, clutching himself, pressing his knuckles to his mouth not to whimper. He took great pains to conceal his symptoms from John, partly because he didn’t want him to worry any more than he already did and partly because he didn’t want to appear even weaker in front of him; he had begun locking himself in his old bedroom, turning down food under the pretext that he was busy, dodging kisses in case John would smell the vomit on his breath, fighting against the nausea until the man retired upstairs to their bedroom, and he could finally lean into the toilet bowl and retch until his shuddering heaves brought up nothing but acrid bile.
And it was meant as a harmless joke, but John couldn’t help but feel a jolt of fear racing through him. He had avoided thinking about it, but now, the joke he hadn’t thought through properly, reminded him of the possibility that Sherlock might die. He swallowed harshly against the sudden tightness in his throat, hating himself for even thinking about it.
Feeling his chest tighten, Sherlock tried to convince himself that he was being paranoid, that it was just the drugs messing with his mind. He told himself that John would turn up any minute, his face breaking into a grin, and he would take Sherlock into his arms, making everything perfect again. As the thought sent a pleasant flutter to his stomach, Sherlock took the final steps to the door and opened it just enough to slip out of the room.
He was relieved to see Sherlock lying beside him, dark unruly curls falling across his forehead, untamed, like the man himself. Watching his peaceful face, John pushed the dream away. He knew Sherlock would have told him to forget the nonsense; he would have rolled his eyes and said something like, “You can’t seriously believe in that ridiculous superstition.” Sherlock would have sighed in exasperation, being his usual cocky self, wrapped in that white sheet he liked wearing at home. Or hell, John thought, in Buckingham Palace. The memory made the corners of his lips twitch upward, and a huff of air escaped through his nose, as he bit the inside of his cheek in order not to laugh.
Squinting his eyes in the darkness, John spent a moment staring in the direction of the window, and his thoughts shifted back to the dream he had just had. He wasn’t the type to believe that future could be predicted from dreams, but all the same, the dream had made him feel unsettled, and his brain refused to forget it, refused to even
John thought of crime scenes: bending over with laughter after cracking a joke in post-case haze, Sherlock by his side, giggling like a child, a silly grin plastered on his face, his giddiness infectious; he thought of their dinner dates at Angelo’s: Sherlock sitting across him, soft candlelight flickering on his face, beautiful even in the pout caused by John forcing him to eat by shovelling a forkful of gnocchi into his mouth; their evening walks along the banks of the Thames: holding takeaway cups of coffee and each other’s hands, John subtly pointing at people and Sherlock deducing them. And he thought of the night before everything came crashing down: collapsing into bed together, the hot humidity of Sherlock’s breath against his throat, the thin fabric of John’s T-shirt growing clammy against Sherlock’s damp skin.
“John,” Sherlock began, his voice so small, so soft that John thought his heart might break. “Thank you.”
to see him. He needed to know that Sherlock was alive, breathing, blood flowing through his veins into his right atrium, through the tricuspid valve into his right ventricle and forward, his cardiac myocytes contracting in synchrony, pumping the blood into the systemic circulation to nourish every fibre of his body. John needed to feel Sherlock’s pulse pounding in his wrists, feel the soft breath from his nostrils, his lungs expanding as they filled with air. Knowing that Sherlock was alive wasn’t enough—John needed to feel his presence in every cell of his being.
He couldn’t help the moan that escaped his lips, as Sherlock’s mouth grew more demanding, more insistent, their tongues eagerly exploring each other’s mouths, tangled together, tasting, searching.
Sighing heavily in response, John replied, “I know, Sherlock, me too. But the sooner we get you dressed, the sooner they can get started. They want to examine your eyes and do some blood tests. It shouldn’t take too long. Here, let me help you.”
John scrubbed his hands over his face, feeling the short stubble that he hadn’t had time to shave that morning abrade his skin. His eyelids felt heavy. Everything about his body felt heavy as if his blood had been replaced by lead. The fear was dissipating into exhaustion. More than anything he wanted to go back home, back to yesterday when everything was still safe and normal and perfect. And he would take Sherlock in his arms and tell him how much he loved him. He would kiss each and every one of his freckles, touch every spot of his pale skin, trace his finger along the outline of each of his ribs. And in that moment John promised himself that he would do that after they got home from that bloody hospital. He promised himself that he would do everything in his power to ensure that Sherlock knew how much he loved him, wanted him, and needed him.
Mycroft lifted a brow. “I didn't come here to offend you,” he said patiently, holding John's gaze. John almost rolled his eyes, but then thought better of it when he noticed the strange expression on the man's face, as though he was holding back tears. It was so uncharacteristic of him to show such vulnerability that John couldn't help but feel as if he had just imagined the whole thing.
Sherlock felt himself lying in a bed again, a soft mattress giving way to his weight. His head felt heavy, his mind blurry. He heard the sound again, a steady beeping in the distance, but it was softer this time. He concluded that he must have fainted.
And the truth was that he wasn’t capable of it, not in the slightest. He was exhausted from trying to act unaffected by the change in Sherlock’s behaviour. He was weary of trying to maintain a hopeful outlook when he felt like screaming at the top of his lungs, screaming and screaming until he was out of breath. He had adopted a tone of voice which he hoped sounded reassuring and positive, but he knew that in reality he just sounded fake. He couldn’t sleep; his nights consisted of waking up in a sweat-soaked panic three, four, or five times a night. And every time he woke up, he was greeted by an empty bed.
The trembling of his hands told Sherlock that the adrenaline rush was waning, but the tightness in his chest remained, making it hard to breathe. He was feeling weak, both emotionally and physically; his body was trying to betray him. Sherlock swallowed hard, trying to get rid of the lump in his throat, and he bit the inside of his cheek to prevent himself from letting his emotions spill out.
However, what stung him the most was that Sherlock had shut him out completely without the slightest explanation. He had stopped coming to bed at night, as if they hadn’t been sharing it for months, as if it hadn’t become their private solace from the rest of the world, the place where they could escape the noise and the incessant hubbub of the city and lose themselves in each other—mind, body and soul. Sherlock had put up walls—walls John didn’t know how to penetrate—between them so furtively that John hadn’t even noticed until it had already happened. Suddenly, he had found himself abandoned in metaphorical darkness, impenetrable and unrelenting, and as desperately as he wanted to be the perfect boyfriend who always was endlessly understanding and compassionate and no-questions-asked supportive, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of betrayal of having been left out in the dark.
Breathing out through his nose, John rubbed his forehead tiredly. He didn’t have the energy to argue, not tonight. “Sherlock…”
“Good morning, sir,” a man wearing a white apron behind the counter greeted him with a bright smile.
, found in most parts of the world and common in urban settings, often described as tame and cheerful. The ticking had abated.
John placed the empty cup on the bedside table and returned his gaze back to Sherlock. “You need to get some sleep.” John kept his tone gentle but firm, catching Sherlock’s hand in his.
The door to the room was slightly ajar, probably left open by an absent-minded nurse, Sherlock thought, or perhaps by John.
John knew he should beg his pardon for not having listened, but the words stuck in his throat, and he could do nothing but stare dumbly, attempting to hold onto the memory of the night when he first told Sherlock that he loved him. But the memory had already slipped away, replaced by the steady beeping of Sherlock’s heart monitor echoing in his ears.
Lifting himself up on his elbows, Sherlock tried to look around the room to find the source of the voice, forcing his eyes to adjust to the darkness around him. He was alone, surrounded only by machines that were turned off. Why were they turned off?
John sat in his armchair at six in the morning with his hands hanging in his lap and his eyes, half-open and bleary, rimmed with dark circles, as if he had been punched, fixated on the cup on the coffee table on his right. The saggy leather chair opposite him loomed in his peripheral vision, somehow ominous in its emptiness. He did his best to avoid looking at it.
When John made no move to speak, Sherlock resolved to break the ice, as people said, by stating the obvious: “You came back.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and stared blankly at the ceiling. “Fine,” he said, after a moment's hesitation, sounding defeated.
He would never again enter a crime scene and take it in with a sweeping glance. Yes, he would still be able to hear if there was a river flowing nearby, or if he was close to a heavily trafficked area. He would be able to listen to witnesses, analyse tones, and distinguish between different accents. He would still be able to use his other senses: examine victims with his hands, trace his fingers along their clothes to find tears or creases that shouldn’t be there; taste if something had been poisoned, or smell how long a body had been dead, but it wouldn’t be enough. Sight was of paramount importance to him. Sherlock wanted to see, needed to see, to observe every detail of a scene before him, to deduce from what he knew to be true because he had seen it with his own eyes. To really
A calm voice of a middle-aged man—obviously the doctor—spoke to him from his left, telling him that he was going to examine his eyes with an ophthalmoscope. The doctor had a Scottish accent, his voice a low, gentle tone. He spoke slowly, dragging out his words, as if he was soothing a crying baby. But Sherlock couldn't bring himself to calm down. He didn't want to hear the doctor, he wanted him to shut up.
I'm so so so sorry that it took me this long to update, but studying got in the way. It's not always easy to be a medical student, I'm telling you haha. I hope that you are still interested in finding out how this story ends. This chapter is really short (sorry again), but I just felt like I had to publish something as soon as possible.
, John thought affectionately—his heels digging into the mattress as he straightened out his long legs, a quiver rippling its way through his body. He lay motionless for a moment, his arms lax by his sides and his face completely expressionless apart from the faint frown etched between his brows. The concave slope of his abdomen was rising and falling, his eyes flickering slightly under his closed lids. And then, slowly, he opened his eyes.
The doctor glanced at Sherlock and saw him nod in agreement. “Very well. There was nothing on the CT scan, and the blood tests came back normal. No infection, nothing. I also took a look at the MRI, and there’s nothing there. No brain injury, no tumour.”
He heard a monitor beeping in the background, the voices of three—no, four—people in the room, shoes squeaking on the linoleum floor.
He knew that he was only prolonging the inevitable, but he felt humiliated enough having lost a great deal of his autonomy and was willing to make considerable sacrifices to retain at least some semblance of dignity for as long as possible. He wanted to feel like John’s equal, like his partner, and not like one of his patients. He was aware that eventually he would be forced to swallow his pride and ask for help, but until then he would make a conscious effort to demonstrate to John that he was perfectly capable of looking after himself even without his eyesight. Independence was ingrained in him since early childhood, and he wouldn’t give it up without a fight. After all, it was his fierce self-dependence that had saved him from a lot of unnecessary affliction and allowed him to concentrate on refining his intellectual faculties during his tender adolescent years when he had been an awkward, scrawny kid with no sense of belonging among his peers.
A soft chuckle escaped his throat as he let his eyes wander around the room again, taking in every detail he could. There was a window opposite his bed, covered by a closed Venetian blind, shielding the room from curious eyes. Sherlock couldn’t resist a smile.
John stayed silent for a moment, not quite knowing what to say. He knew Sherlock wasn’t telling the truth. Sherlock wasn’t fine, John could tell by the tension in Sherlock’s body, the way his jaw was set, his eyebrows furrowed; by the flat tone of his voice, the lack of arrogance in his manner, but he didn’t know how to make him feel better, so he did what he always did whenever feelings he couldn’t handle were involved—he changed the subject.
Feeling agitated, Sherlock pressed the tips of his fingers to his temples, as if to push the distressing thoughts away. He understood with painful clarity that he wasn’t the same man whom John had fallen in love with. A twinge of anxiety went through him at the thought, and he screwed his eyes closed, the three middle fingers of each hand massaging the skin above his ears. He was a mere shadow of the enigmatic and ingenious consulting detective who had somehow managed to enamour the gallantly courageous, charming, and ever so gentle army doctor. Digging his fingers deeper into his skin, Sherlock clenched his jaw, his molars grinding together. He could hear his brother’s voice in his head, his tone thick with derision: “I told you it wouldn’t last, brother dear. People like us aren’t meant for romantic entanglements.”
When he contemplated returning back to his room, he saw it. He saw a dim light at the end of the hallway. His breathing was becoming laboured, but he ignored it and started jogging toward the light, the hospital gown sticking to his sweaty skin.
Okay so this is my first attempt at writing fan fiction ever. I'm open to constructive criticism but, please, don't be too harsh on me! I tend to be very critical of myself and my own work, so it took me quite a while before I found the courage to publish this story. And as you have most certainly noticed, English is not my native language. I'd be more than happy if you could point out any errors in my writing so I can correct them!
Wow, I don't know what to say... it has been over two YEARS since I last posted a new chapter, and I'm truly so sorry that it has taken me such an incredibly and awfully long time. Life got in the way and I wasn't in a good enough place to write, but now I'm back again and I intend to finish this story. I hope that there's still someone out there who wants to find out what's going to happen to our beloved Sherlock and John :)
Suddenly, another thought struck him, something that he had decided to ignore in his growing state of arousal that night; he remembered that something had struck him as odd: being a doctor, he couldn’t not notice Sherlock’s pulse being a bit too elevated, his heart hammering slightly irregularly beneath John’s fingers, his skin being cold and covered with perspiration despite the warmth of the room. And what had alarmed him the most had been Sherlock’s eyes: they had seemed unfocused and glassy, nothing like his usual intense laser-focused gaze. John had asked Sherlock if everything was all right, but Sherlock had just waved it aside and shut him up by attacking his mouth with feverish desperation. Other thoughts had occupied John’s mind as Sherlock had dropped his head between his thighs, but for a moment he had thought that Sherlock had seemed as if…no. No, it didn’t matter now, John told himself, and pushed the thought away.
John made him lose focus. Having him so close, just a breath apart, overwhelmed all of his senses, making his skin itch with desire, every fibre of his being craving him closer, every nerve in his body alert and ready to fire. John reduced him to a hormone-riddled teenage boy, dulling his brain, and filling it with mind-fogging want, leaving no room for anything else. He simply couldn’t think clearly when John Watson was ravishing his mouth.
Actually, I'll be very surprised if someone is still interested in finding out what's going to happen to our boys, thank you for being so patient. I really appreciate it!
Thank you, all you lovely people, for your comments, kudos, bookmarks and subscriptions! It means a lot <3
John let his eyes rest on Sherlock's face, taking in the way the light played over his features. The harsh fluorescent lighting made him look even paler than he was, emphasising his prominent cheekbones, accentuating the dark circles under his eyes. John had dragged a plastic chair beside the bed and was now perched on it, resting his hand on Sherlock's, gently caressing his palm with his thumb, drawing lazy circles against the soft flesh, soothing the man with the slow motion. Sherlock had let his eyelids fall shut, but John was familiar enough with his breathing pattern to know that he was still awake. He had spent sleepless nights listening to his every breath, watching his chest rise and fall, trying to slow down his own breathing to match his, unable to sleep because his mind refused to stop thinking about Sherlock, their relationship, dreading that Sherlock would eventually get bored and leave. The fear was always in the back of his mind, hovering at the edge of his thoughts, something he would never get rid of, the unavoidable side effect of being in love with Sherlock Holmes.
This time his attempt to sound reassuring failed miserably, the worry painfully evident in his strained voice, and Sherlock had to bite the inside of his cheek to stifle the sudden urge to scream. He couldn’t bear the thought of John being worried, let alone the thought of John being worried because of him. He needed John to stay unaffected when he himself couldn’t. Sherlock needed his reassurance and confidence. He needed the John who was calm in the face of danger, the one who was steady and fearless. The one who kept him right.
John glanced at Sherlock. He was sitting on the chair next to him, his expression schooled into a mask of indifference, but John could tell by his slightly slumped shoulders that the news had affected him. Forcing himself to ignore the heavy feeling in his chest, John carefully placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee, and returned his attention to the doctor. He saw the doctor’s lips move, but he could barely concentrate on what he was saying. He heard some of the words, but struggled to arrange them into coherent sentences, his mind not wanting to understand the meaning of them.
John sighed and drew the buzzing device from his pocket. He had never been good at saying no to Sherlock, never been able to deny him anything. All his instincts told him to obey Sherlock, obey without questioning. There were six new messages, all from Greg Lestrade.
John leaned closer and laid his lips on the crown of Sherlock's head, breathing in his scent, feeling each one of his exhalations as a warm puff of air against his throat. “I love you, and I'm so sorry. I love you. I love you. I love you,” John whispered the words, placing light kisses on his forehead, brow, nose, and chin.
“Do you seriously think that I don't hear it in your voice when you're lying? I'm blind, not deaf, John.”
Even his sense of smell had become more sensitive, at times unbearably so, his brain interpreting incoming signals from the olfactory bulb with astonishing precision. He pressed the side of his face closer against the back of the armchair, breathing in the familiar and comforting scent of John—a rich blend of sandalwood, cedar, sweet orange, and a hint of tangerine—mingled with the faint, musty smell of dusty cushions and a trace of tobacco—an undeniably amusing reminder of the time he had thoroughly enjoyed a cigarette slouched in John’s chair in a tacit, and perhaps a bit childish—though he would never admit it to John—protest after the man had gotten rid of his secret stash in his Persian slipper. The right corner of his lips curved into a half-smile at the memory, but when he caught himself, it vanished and was replaced by a pout.
For the past week, Mrs Hudson had tiptoed around the flat, trying to be subtle but failing miserably, offering her help, sweeping, mopping, wiping, dusting the tables, washing the dishes in the kitchen, beating the dust out of the pillows and mattresses in their bedroom, polishing cutlery that did not require polishing, all the while she kept stealing pitying glances in Sherlock’s direction, when she thought John wasn’t looking. She had begun to act more and more like a housekeeper than a landlady until one morning John had found her on her knees, scrubbing the bathroom floor, and decided that he had had enough. He had snapped at her and told her to take the weekend off. John had stared into her frightened eyes and raised his voice, something he rarely did in her presence. He still felt guilty for yelling at her, but her constant presence had made him feel inadequate, as if he weren’t capable of taking care of both the flat and Sherlock.
"Sleep now," John said, voice so soft it was almost inaudible, his lips moving against the top of Sherlock's head. "I love you," he added. There was no answer except for the calm, even breaths that came from the younger.
he emphasized the name of the good doctor with an air of annoyance, “is preparing to leave the country. Shall I fetch him for you?”
John inwardly rejoiced at the sounds freeing themselves, his lips wandering farther down, tongue darting out to taste the slightly salty dampness of skin. He wanted to say how much he loved Sherlock, how much he wanted him, but he settled for lightly biting his collarbone instead, eliciting yet another helpless moan and fingernails digging deeper into his skin in response.
John didn't need to be asked twice - in fact, he didn't need to be asked at all. So he took the offered hand, intertwined their fingers and knelt on the edge of the bed, crawling closer to Sherlock before straddling his hips.
Sherlock pointedly didn't look at him, focusing on fumbling fingers. "I - you - it unearthed... unpleasant memories, John. I can't stand it, it's...disturbing."
John didn’t dignify that with a response, cursing his body for being so obvious, and broke the eye contact again. He needed to lay his eyes on something less disconcerting, less disturbing -- less arousing -- and settled on the bookshelf left to Sherlock’s head.
He swallowed and let his hand drop. He rested his forehead against the thick black paint and sighed, eyes squeezed shut. His heart beat rapidly and he felt suddenly nauseated.
When Sherlock spoke again, John thought he must have misheard. Or perhaps this was another dream (and if so, he never wanted to wake up). "Go ahead, John, I'll allow it," Sherlock said, and John could do nothing but gape at him.
Anyhow, I hope you can overlook that and the fact that Sherlock just doesn't really seem like Sherlock anymore and also any typos or grammar mistakes you find (one just never finds every last mistake when self-betaing. At least, I don't.) and will still enjoy reading this.
Nope, John wouldn't block his number. But he'd certainly ignore every stupid text message he'd receive until something interesting or dangerous occurred. And even then, he wouldn't jump to be at Sherlock's side, unless he felt like it.
Sometimes, Sherlock wouldn't let John near him. He would flinch at the merest touch, squirm under his gaze, and turn his back at him.
He sighed once more. It sounded loud to his ears in the silence of the empty living room. Getting up, he padded across the room and picked up his violin, plucking the strings to check their tune and adjusting them when necessary. The calloused tips of his fingers stroked rosin along the bow, careful and lovingly. Then, sitting down in his chair and closing his eyes, resting the instrument on his shoulder and lifting the bow to meet the strings, he began to play.
John raised an eyebrow, but of course his lunatic flatmate couldn't see that. He sighed. "Okay, okay, I'll drink your coffee. Thank you." He grabbed the cup and took a sip before sitting down at the kitchen table.
"Is my birthday today?" he asked, perplexed, and turned his head over his shoulder to look at his flatmate.
to fall in love with you? And now you suddenly want to have me gone, just like that? Fine, Sherlock, what-the-sodding-hell-ever."
The detective pouted, but waited, dropping his hands to John's shoulders. "You're having second thoughts," he exclaimed evenly, certain of the correctness of his deduction.
“Moping isn’t going to solve anything, you know,” Clara continued admonishingly, “if you don’t want to go through with this you can just say so and we find a different solution.”
"Oh God, yes," he hissed softly, and imagined her thigh pressing between his legs, rubbing at his prick. Her breasts against his chest felt so good, so right. He let her catch his lips with hers, moving against them, prying them open. Her skillful mouth sucked at his tongue and he moaned.
A glow of green of those incredible colour-shifting irises fairly pinned John to the spot, forcing him to cast his own gaze down and away from their beauty again.
The taller man snorted. “It’s called affection, John,” he mimicked the statement that had started it all. This stupid, useless experiment that all but drove John away instead of pulling him in. Yep, sulking, indeed.
thanked him for it. Such was their habit. What was different now? Was it supposed to have a deeper meaning to it?
Clara raised a questioning eyebrow. “I heard he’s not the housekeeping type of person, but that’s just...he never does the shopping unless he wants to apologise? Seriously, John, they should pin a bloody
Yet, Sherlock wasn’t done analysing reactions, but for once, he took to investigate his own. He couldn’t deny he had liked touching John. It had felt warm and familiar, yet novel and agitating. John’s body was undiscovered territory, and Sherlock felt the strong need to explore it, map all of it, very thoroughly. What did that tell him about himself?
With that, she stood, grabbed the bag with John’s belongings and left the flat without so much as looking at the tall, somewhat broken man standing in his living room.
Suddenly he was cold and shivering. He shut his eyes and swallowed deliberately. The chill faded and was replaced by warmth, welcomed, treasured, beloved warmth. It felt like Mummy's embrace, like her kiss to his forehead, like her voice whispering reassurances into his ear, telling him he was her treasure, the best thing that had ever happened to her, her gorgeous, beloved little boy.
Sherlock freed his hand from his lovers to put them on John's back, touching, feeling, caressing. He followed the line of strong shoulder blades with his fingertips, a ghostly, almost not noticeably touch that resulted in goose flesh spreading across John's back. He could feel him smile against his neck.
"Yeah, no problem, mate. Take care, and I'll see you 'round." Lestrade grinned. John nodded again and turned around to run after Sherlock, hoping to catch up with him before he hailed a cab and headed off without him. Naturally he didn't manage it.
"And I have no bloody clue if you'd want it, or if you'd just let me do it because you think it would make me happy and keep me interested. I don't want to push you out of your comfort zone. Plus, this," he gestured between the two of them with an outstretched finger, "is unexplored territory for me and I-"
“John,” Sherlock said then, fixing his eyes on the other man’s, no longer staring through him, but rather, right into his soul. The blond swallowed thickly, his throat suddenly feeling tight and parched. Was he only imagining it or had Sherlock’s usually deep, clear baritone cracked?
The fingers pressed a tad more insistently into the small of John’s back, gently urging him on, and he followed Lestrade into the dark basement of the building. The touch was still there, never breaking contact, never losing impact. He felt it fairly burning itself into his skin and this sensation sent shivers down his spine.
Sherlock frowned and rolled his eyes. "That's downright extortion," he complained in mock-annoyance and raised a delicate eyebrow.
John assumed that Sherlock was sitting in the almost dark room, in his favourite chair, in his customary pose, replaying the scene, maybe wondering where he went wrong this time. Or maybe he didn’t even understand that he did something Not Good. John really didn’t want to care right now. He strained his ears, but there was only silence drifting up to him.
John looked up and into her pretty green eyes, blazing with genuine affection, and suddenly broke into a smile. “Alright, I’ll do it."
For a long moment, no reply was forthcoming, Sherlock only staring blankly at John, and the good doctor trying hard to suppress the fidgeting his fingers so desperately wanted to do. The tips of his fingers twitched and he pulled his hands off the table to grab at his knees, hard, anything to try and ground himself and, perhaps even more importantly, hide the physical display of his uneasiness from Sherlock -- give him one less thing to deduce, to draw conclusions, to… oh, who was he kidding, the genius probably had seen it already, anyway. He sighed soundlessly.
Sherlock blinked. “Is that so?” he murmured to himself, then, addressing John again, “Same with the sleep, yes? And the shooting people for me? And the yelling at -- and almost beating up, may I add -- Anderson for calling me a -- what was it again? A faggot?” A delicate eyebrow rose towards the ceiling.
With a grunt, John got up and started to undress. He let all his clothes fall in a heap on the floor, not bothering with putting them on the chair next to his bed as he would normally do. Old habits die hard and John Watson was a tidy man, years of military life had left deep traces. But today he didn’t even bother with his nightly ablutions and went to bed as he was.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and pushed the mug back into his friend's hands. "Take a day off and go back to sleep. You look awful," he advised, genuine concern in his voice.
I should apologise for the delay. Then again, between this and the previous chapter it's been about five or so years, so I doubt anyone is even going to come around and re-read this. If you do, however, I'm glad you've found your way here and I hope you will like this.
"It's okay, love, I'm here. Go back to sleep," was John's whispered answer and he reached out to put his palm on his lover's cheek, fingers combing through the hair right behind his ear.
"So beautiful," he whispered in Sherlock's ear as he leaned down. He felt his lover shiver as his breath ghosted over a delicate earlobe that promptly got sucked into John's mouth. The action elicited another dark growl from deep down Sherlock's chest, a rumbling so feral, John was sure it had to be the most wonderful sound in the world.
They both moaned when the tips of their tongues gently brushed against each other, and suddenly, Sherlock put both hands on John's neck, clawing at the skin, pulling him impossibly closer and closer still as their tongues started to dance around each other, stroking, teasing.
A slight smile hovered over Mycroft’s face before he answered. “Australia. Shall I take you to the airport?”
There was no answer, and Sherlock sighed. Of course there was no answer. John had gone up to his room, scared off by Sherlock’s -- offer? Demand?
It felt better than any hit of cocaine he'd ever had, better than any trip he'd experienced. More calming, more peaceful. He'd never felt so alive before.
“Yes, Captain,” he croaked and picked up the plate from the coffee table. He took the fork that was delivered with the food in hand and began to eat.
Slowly John moved his finger over Sherlock’s chin and trailed it along his defined jawline, causing him to slightly open his mouth and his eyes to flutter half-closed. John gulped when he saw this reaction to the merest of touches, this tiny loss of control. His finger moved on, along the long and slender neck, the calloused fingertip momentarily rejoicing in the softness of the pale and perfect skin, before his hand gently slid down Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock shivered at the contact and locked eyes with him. When their fingers touched John halted, as if asking for permission to move on. He couldn’t hold back, though. He would go on now, there was no way back,
John groaned once again and resumed staring the ceiling down in a mental battle. Not a brilliant course of action, he realised when his unconscious provided him with more unwelcome memories.
"I learned to never trust anyone," Sherlock mumbled into his knees, a part of him still talking to John, explaining everything to him, desperately hoping his words would reach him, "especially if they put on a show of affection and acceptance. I won't be used again. But I trust you, John. I know you're different. But still it... all this... scares me." He swallowed around the lump in his throat and lifted his head to gaze at John's empty armchair. It seemed to taunt him.
John swallowed thickly and took another sip, his mouth suddenly parched. He put his cup back in its saucer and cleared his throat. "I'm trying, Sherlock, but I can't do that overnight, you see. I'm not like you, able to turn my feelings on and off like a light switch. As I said, it takes time to move on from something like...
Three - thank you so much for reading. And thank you for giving this story another chance if you're a returning reader. I'm looking forward to hearing your opinions.
me to come back home and now you want to be rid of me just because you can't stand that you're a bit uneasy? Are you even listening to yourself sometimes? Or to me, for that matter? I said I was going to cope with it; why can't you?
Sherlock shot him a questioning look. “Whatever for?” he asked and John rolled his eyes with a smirk.
John stared at Sherlock over the rim of the cup he had picked up, inhaling the scent of Earl Grey, honey and milk, marvelling in it. Sherlock watched him with a raised eyebrow.
Sherlock looked up at John and blinked confusedly, wondering how the other man had managed to sneak up to him without being noticed. Then, he turned his gaze down and clenched his jaw. “It’s you,” he answered, his voice raw.
Mycroft’s phone buzzed as they were pulling up to the curb in front of the airport’s reception hall. He picked up and listened for a few seconds before he answered, “That is understood. Eagle’s Nest is a go.”
And with those softly spoken words, Sherlock nodded and resumed his task on the laptop, a blush creeping up his neck. He focused on his research in such determination, he appeared to be thoroughly consumed by it. And John realised with a loving smile that it was just for the sake of trying to chase the distracting sentiment away and out of the genius' bright mind.
he thought muzzily not long before he fell asleep halfway under, halfway on the duvet, happily pissed and oblivious to the world and, more importantly, to his confusing feelings.
"I can't," he answered evenly. "Sherlock will know at one glance. It'll be humiliating. Worse, he would be...
Somehow the first time their bodies collided and their breaths mingled had proved to have a greater impact on their lives than they'd first expected.
"But there's going to be someone eventually. Someone else to take care of him. Surely even Greg would. Mrs Hudson definitely will. He's not alone. He's not lost without me. But I
A jaguar prowling the Amazonian rainforest reminded him remarkably of Sherlock. An exhausted sigh escaped him before he could stop himself.
The silence stretched into what felt like hours and John felt his heart sink. Then, Sherlock finally opened his mouth. “You taught me something,” he whispered, staring at his fingers which were curled around the hem of his shirt.
The elder took in a calming breath. “Sherlock,” he said warningly, “you will eat this, and if I have to force-feed you, God help me, I will.”
John frowned, taken aback. "That... doesn't make sense at all. I mean, it probably does to you, but I don't get it, Sherlock." He took a deep breath and continued before Sherlock could interrupt him, "Okay, look, I'm trying to stop all this. Just... give me a bloody chance, give it time. Wounds like that don't heal overnight, you know." He felt his heart sink. He couldn't fathom where this conversation was going, but it made him uneasy.
“Bah!” she exclaimed before putting both devices back into her purse. There was no use pondering about it.
"Calm down," the dry baritone answered. "I'm just one of your body's protective mechanisms. Talking with your subconscious is supposed to be quite helpful for understanding one's motivations."
A smile spread across the good doctor's face. "But we should probably talk about this before we let it go any farther," he eventually explained and stroked the pad of his thumb along Sherlock's delicate cheekbone. "There
The tiny noises escaping the back of that lean, white throat were taunting John, baiting him. He moaned as Sherlock's lips closed around his tongue, sucking on it, teeth timidly grazing across the willing flesh.
Downstairs, he placed the ashtray on the small coffee table in front of his flatmate and held the fag out to him. "Calm your nerves before I'm forced to knock you out."
Sherlock looked at him again, his piercing grey-green eyes boring holes in his heart, and for a moment John lost track of his words. He shook himself out of his stupor and inhaled a deep, calming breath. “Look, Sherlock, I know that wasn’t... I’ve crossed a boundary, I know. And I’m sorry, okay? But that doesn’t mean it gives you the right to do the same. Especially not in front of Lestrade and his snoops, for goodness’ sake!”
A deep, dark moan echoed from the walls as Sherlock sank himself onto John's body with one fluid movement. They stilled for mere seconds, eyes locked, before starting to move against each other hungrily. John answered Sherlock's downward thrusts with bucks of his hips and oh, everything was happening so fast but it was just right.
John's breathing stopped once again and he dropped the newspaper, suddenly feeling weak. He felt his heart rate increase and a smile form on his lips. Then, "I love you, too, Sherlock."
John let himself feel at home in her arms for a moment, just a moment, before he remembered where home
John summoned all his will and let his eyes snake back to fix on Sherlock, who was gazing at him unwaveringly still. The deep furrow above his nose was an indicator that he had shifted into his deduction mode. Although this was a realisation holding the power to unsettle John even more, he felt the need to attack.
Who the hell did Mycroft think he was anyway, trying to order him around like that? John's anger was short-lived, and he swallowed hard, closed his eyes, and took a deep breath. Then he tossed the phone on his bed and shook his head. No. He couldn't. He wasn't ready.
"What, am I putting you off by staring into my coffee now?" he complained. "Fine, I'll just leave you to it, then."
“So,” John started, but trailed off. He wanted to say so many things, ask so many questions, but at the same time, didn’t really feel like talking -- not to Sherlock anyway.
“Affection,” Sherlock mumbled, rolling the word around in his mouth as if to taste it, feel its weight, measure it. “Affection,” he repeated. It rung a bell somewhere in the back of his mind.
Stroking up and down the shaft again, applying more pressure now, John again closed his lips around the tip and sucked, harder this time. His lips travelled down, taking in more of Sherlock, deeper, deeper, more, more.
“Right,” he nodded and opened the door, got out and closed it behind him. She pressed a button next to the steering wheel to open the boot. As she heard the sound of it slamming shut a few seconds later, she turned the ignition again in search for an empty parking place.
She shot him a reassuring smile and nodded. “That’s right, it’s a busy life over there, or so I heard. Harry and I will be sure to come visit once you’ve settled in.”
like a cat in so many ways," John whispered and pressed his lips to Sherlock's for another brief kiss.
Clara nodded. “As long as you’re okay with leaving the country,” she said and to John’s wide-eyed look she added, “Trust me, it’s just like England down there. Not much of a difference, really.”
Sherlock snorted. “I’d like to see you try,” he challenged and narrowed his eyes at John. Oh, he better had not. Something flickered in the good doctor’s eyes, but in the blink of an eye it was gone again, before Sherlock had a chance to deduce what it was, and -- more importantly yet -- what it
with his flatmate? Could he just go back to 221B and live with Sherlock, knowing about his feelings, knowing that Sherlock didn't - couldn't - return them? Or did - could - he? Would he even want to?
“Mornin’, hun, sleep well?” Clara chimed as she entered the living room, two pots of steaming coffee in hand.
John took a step towards Sherlock then, closing the gap, purposefully invading his personal space. He came so close that he could smell him, feel his body heat, sense his nervousness. A nervousness that emboldened John, for once giving him the feeling to be one up on Sherlock. John shook his head almost imperceptibly, he didn’t want to think along those lines, didn’t want to let competitiveness or whatever it was creep between them before other, more important things had been settled.
John groaned in annoyance. "I've moved out just three hours ago, pick up your bloody milk yourself, you insufferable git," he gritted out. For a moment, he was tempted to text back with exactly those words, but decided against it and poked the screen hard to delete the message instead.
The detective clenched his fists in defiance against the fear that was trying to well back up in him, not allowing himself to fall back into self-loathing and gloom. Biting the insides of his cheeks, he reminded himself what he was here for. He was going to find John and apologise to him. And no matter what happened next, he would make sure their relationship wouldn’t break any further. He would give them a chance to mend it. And it would be mended. Maybe not today or tomorrow. Maybe not in a week. But eventually.
John couldn't help but give a short laugh at this remark. "Well, first off, where are we going to take this? You seem pretty content snogging, but if we keep going on like that I'll have you right on this chair."
The imaginary Sherlock looked back at him with what appeared to be genuine worry. "John," he said, "John, you need to go home."
Sherlock gave him an incredulous look over the hood of the vehicle after he had climbed out of it himself. “I don’t need you for this, Mycroft. Leave.”
, John Watson, who managed to break the ice wall surrounding the heart of that glorious man and capture it.
"Fine, I won't touch you. But move over, then, I need to get into the fridge," he said, deliberately calm. With an annoyed grumble from the back of his throat, Sherlock did.
“Clara Lewis, former Watson, Harriet Watson’s ex- and soon-to-be-again wife, and Dr. John Watson’s sister-in-law. You’re here to pick up John’s belongings, I take it? Odd for him, sending someone else instead of going on his own. And then someone like you, who can’t deal with the unknown. You’re afraid of it, aren’t you? No, no, don’t answer that, I can see it in your posture, I heard it in your ragged breathing and your helpless little cry when you stepped on the fifteenth stair outside the flat. You’re feeling brave, coming here, yet you’re...disturbed. You’re not a brave person, usually, you were scared of the possibility of meeting...me. Yet, your eyes are steadily locked on mine and you don’t display any indication of fear or discomfort. You’re trying to prove me wrong with this look of yours, but you can’t. Your hands are shaking, evidence of my being right. Are you angry yet?”
Of course he loved Sherlock. Sherlock was his best friend. Sherlock had given him back his life. Sherlock had cured his limp. Sherlock - insufferable, arrogant Sherlock - was what kept him alive. Who wouldn't love a person like that, difficult and annoying or not?
“What are you doing, Sherlock? What is this about? Stop staring at me, and especially stop deducing me like that. It’s bloody annoying.” John shuffled forward in his chair, leaning towards Sherlock, “Isn’t there a case you could rather dissect? No message from Lestrade? No cold case needing to be solved? No pressing matters in dire need of your intellect?” He was waffling, he knew it, and he saw the responding snarl on Sherlock’s lips.
The tune ended, and Sherlock put the violin down and turned around, his eyes cutting through the darkness.
His eyes closed and he took a deep, steadying breath before he turned his gaze towards Clara again. “Why would you care?” he spat at her, not really angry, but trying to make the impression. He shouldn’t have invited her for tea. Of course she would want to talk it out with him.
John's gaze narrowed, brows knit together. Sherlock sighed in response, but remained silent. He dropped his gaze, apparently unable to look the doctor in the eyes.
"I love you," John panted when they parted again, eyes locked into each other. "God knows I love you, Sherlock, with everything I have, so much it hurts."
Soft blond hair, like down, covering the small of the back. A smattering of freckles on the shoulder blades, a remnant of prolonged exposure to the sun. A mole on the base of the nape, almost in the centre, maybe half an inch to the right.
Meanwhile, John's free left hand stroked up and down Sherlock's torso, fingers ghosting over hotly flushed skin, his pointer circling one of those delicate rosy buds, only to lightly pinch it and elicit the most obscene moan from Sherlock. The sound of it alone made John's member become impossibly harder.
John sighed. "All right, fine, here you go." He handed the cancer stick to his friend and sat back down in his armchair. Sherlock followed his every move and then stared at him demandingly. John blinked back at him in confusion before he realised his mistake. He sighed again and rolled his eyes. "Right, where's your lighter?"
She made her way to the door when she suddenly remembered something. “Right,” she murmured, “he’ll need his toothbrush.”
Sherlock thought, but left it unsaid. Instead, he blinked, then nodded curtly. "Fine, say what needs saying, then."
Another deep breath and Sherlock’s gaze fell to his hands which cradled the teacup. “I can’t give him what he seeks for. And if I try, I may end up hurt. I know John would never purposefully harm me, but...”
Snatching a glass from the cupboard above the fridge, he mixed himself the first drink and downed it in one long gulp.
Sherlock looked down on their hands, John’s smaller one resting on his own, and this touch was everything, was all he had kept back, was all he wanted. “John,” he whispered, his voice raw and dark, his fingers twitching against the warm ones of his friend, “John, touch me.”
So sorry for the delay, but my wonderful beta TSylvestris was super busy and I just refuse to publish anything without it being properly beta-read.
Sherlock realised he had made a mistake as soon as John left and he heard the door slam closed. But instead of running after him, apologising and maneuvering him back into their shared flat, he just sat there and stared, trying to will his heart to stop pounding relentlessly and painfully against his bones, reminding himself to breathe.
"You can't be unless you go and find out. Some things are worth the risk, John. And you like danger. Or so I hear, anyway."
Sherlock felt warmth consuming him, warmth around his throbbing penis, warmth in his chest, warmth in his cheeks and his limbs, spreading into the farthest corner of his system, prickling at the tips of his fingers, making him curl his toes. He watched through half-lidded eyes as his erection disappeared into a hot, willing mouth, the sight making him groan. He weaved his fingers into John's short, sand-coloured hair, not strong enough to push him farther down, but indication he wanted to keep him there, doing just that, possibly forever. This felt… good. And so right.
Sherlock shot him an odd look. "You're hiding something from me. Something important, too. You suspect I already know what it is, and it frightens you, yet you want to hear me spell it out for you?"
Clara quickly came back into the living room, two mugs of freshly brewed tea in hand, a generous amount of milk in both. "Do you still take yours with no sugar?" she enquired. John nodded, took the mug she was holding out for him, and cradled it in his chilly hands.
Twelve days later and Sherlock hadn’t tried to contact either her or John. She looked down at her phone, then at John’s, and sighed. No new messages, apart from the twenty-two yet unread ones Sherlock had sent John the day she went to pick up his things. Briefly she considered calling herself, but dismissed the idea. If he hadn’t called, then there was a reason for it. Maybe he didn’t want things to be fixed just yet. Maybe not at all. Or he couldn’t bring himself to make a decision, or, or, or…
"John, oh yes, oh God, yes." Sherlock's enthusiastic cries filled his ears and he came hard, shaking violently, riding out the aftershocks of his orgasm with eyes squeezed tightly shut.
John swallowed thickly, squeezing his eyes shut tightly, inhaling a deep, shuddering breath. He opened his mouth to say something,
John grinned against Sherlock's lips when he heard the purr escaping that beautiful, pale, long throat. The fingers in the back of Sherlock's neck kept drawing tingly circles, making the tiny hair there stand on end, goose flesh spreading all over Sherlock's arms and back.
John swallowed visibly, wetting his lips with the tip of his tongue. “Tell me, then,” he answered, voice still low but far from a whisper, “what does it mean?”
“No, I’ll pull this off. I’m sure once I’m there I’ll get over him in no time. I won’t have time to drown in self-pity anyway.”
John's tongue darted forward to lick at the glans experimentally. It tasted salty, but not unpleasantly so, and smelled of clean skin and sex. He enjoyed the feeling of hot, swollen skin against his tongue and fingers, and the sounds his actions forced out of Sherlock's mouth.
“I’m thinking, John,” he growled, “and therefore far from delighted about your crude interruption. I’d very much appreciate it if you
Sherlock lifted his chin and stared at the ceiling as if in deep thought. He then took up his favourite thinking pose again and didn’t say a single thing for the next fifteen minutes. John continued eating.
He sighed again and turned on his side, trying hard to fight and chase away the tears that even Sherlock's beautifully deep-dark-mysterious baritone voice in the back of his head couldn't keep at bay.
"Of what?" Sherlock's calm, even voice reached him, washing over him soothingly, cradling him like a soft blanket. John closed his eyes and took a deep breath, leaned back and relaxed.
agree you stay away from him, at least until you’re not quite so heartbroken anymore? Besides, it’s always a good idea to make yourself scarce. Make the object of your desire wait for you. Chances are they’ll miss you so much they’ll do something incredible to win you back.”
When his plate was empty and Sherlock’s food inevitably cold, he got up from the couch and made to carry the plates into the kitchen. However, Sherlock spoke when John was halfway there, and it shocked him so much that he dropped the porcelain.
John's eyes shot open and he momentarily stared at the ceiling, trying to focus, suddenly very self-conscious. His heart beat frantically, heat rose to his cheeks, and his breathing sped up. He turned his head to the left to stare into empty pitch-blackness. Where the hell did Sherlock go? Was he even really here?
He was used to tears of fondness, they'd come every now and again when he looked at Sherlock's sleeping form. It had been four months now, and he wouldn't stop being amazed by the sensation that was his flatmate-gone-lover. He'd never seen anything so pure and beautiful in his life.
John stared after her, then at his naked legs peeking out from under the blanket, then at his rapidly cooling coffee, and sighed.
"Thank you for the tea," Sherlock murmured out of the blue and took John's breath away in the process.
“Leave him alone,” he said through gritted teeth. “And while you’re at it,” he added and turned around to face the window again, “leave me alone as well.”
Sherlock exhaled harshly and turned back to his microscope. "Whatsoever you're going to do, I would greatly appreciate if you'd make an effort to contain your foul mood. I have work to do and it's putting me off."
Sherlock tore his gaze away from his (John's, actually) laptop and lifted it to meet John's piercing blue eyes. He smiled. "One would assume you did understand my words rather clearly, John, due to the fact your hearing is still perfectly intact. You know how much I detest repeating myself."
Absorbed in the situation she didn’t notice the second door to the bathroom open, and so she jumped upright and turned around with wide eyes when she heard a voice behind her.
John smacked his cup back in the saucer, the porcelain complaining with an unpleasant screech. He huffed out a breath and narrowed his eyes at the other man. "And you think I wasn't aware of that? I bloody well knew
Sherlock's eyes shot open, his long, pale fingers disappearing in his dark curls, grabbing them, pulling with all his strength. He cried out, heart stuttering to a halt for the briefest moment, only to pound against his chest with redoubled force.
He extracted himself from the duvet, hopped off the bed, and opened the mini-bar at the other end of the bedroom. For such a cheap hotel, there was quite a variety of alcohol. Whisky and cola to start, he decided, grabbed the bottles, and slammed the door shut with just a tad too much force. The bottles still inside clinked angrily.
With that, he all but bolted from the place, up into his room, and locked the door behind him. Sinking down to the floor, back pressed against the solid wood, he took his head in his hands and breathed. Just breathed,
Sherlock shivered, heart jumping in fear at the memory of being lost and in bittersweet anticipation of what had been about to happen.
He stretched again and reached for his phone to check the time. It buzzed in his hands: a text from Sherlock. John inhaled deeply, bracing for whatever lunatic idea his friend wanted to involve him in this time, and opened it.
Sherlock took a sip of his tea and closed his eyes, inhaling deeply, preparing, from the looks of it, for what he was about to say. "After I realised you probably weren't going to come back. I didn't like... what it did to me. I was hurting... somewhere inside. Therefore, I tried to delete you, to make it stop. It didn't do any good."
The imaginary Sherlock crawled over to John's side on all fours, sitting back on his knees and staring intently into his eyes. John swallowed and uncertainly returned the look.
me. And I know I’ve not always been good for you, but I want to try and be better. I need to fix this, fix us, because even when I often disregard your feelings, I still cherish you. I can’t promise I’ll ever be able to feel about you the way you want me to, if I can ever love you like that, but I want to try. I want to be good for you, there for you, the same way you have always been there for me all this time. I know I certainly do not deserve it, but please, John,
But John shook his head. "I don't, Sherlock, believe me. I've never wanted anything or anyone like I want you. I have for a long time now," he said, his voice steady, honesty dripping from every last pore, love shining in his lust-darkened eyes.
John smirked and turned to tend to his own meal. “Oh, nothing, Sherlock. Just... lately, whenever I bring you food, you... well,
“You’re insulting me for asking a serious question, John?” Sherlock enquired and crossed his arms over his chest, demanding eyes fixed on his friend. “I insist you explain your behaviour to me, because I honestly don’t understand it. There’s no reason whatsoever for you to persuade me to eat.”
He felt his nerves calm down with every moment that passed, his breathing became more stable with each breath he took. He sighed.
John stared for another long moment. Eventually, he shook himself out of his stupor and looked at Sherlock as if he had finally lost his mind - the fine line between genius and insanity and all that. "No. I'm absolutely
The pain was good, much better than the other kind. It was calming. He revelled in it, closed his eyes and
When John woke up, he took in his surroundings like any trained soldier would. It couldn't be too late after midnight. The room was dark, only the light of the street lamps outside and the moon lighting up the room; silent, except for the occasional automobile passing by down on the street and the calm, even breaths of the person next to him.
John slammed his hands flat on the table and stood up. "Okay. That's about as much as I can take. You're self-centered and insufferable, and what's worse is that you wouldn't give two shits about me. Not even me, of all people, your best friend! I've had enough. I'm going."
“You really do have amends to make, don’t you, brother dear?” Mycroft asked as he glanced around the neatly cleaned flat, brows raised.
John chuckled. “Exactly, Sherlock,” he answered, grinning. “Not to mention punching the Chief Superintendent square across the face for just so much as insulting you,” he added with a wink. He didn’t mention the fact he was constantly cancelling dates for Sherlock too, for fear the detective might decode this information all too well.
John considered her words for a moment, lowering his gaze to his cup and staring at it in deep thought. His heart still ached at the thought of Sherlock, not caring for him enough to even try and stop him, or just once asking how he was or if he would come back home. Then, he looked back up at his sister-in-law and shook his head.
A defined brow rose towards the ceiling. "And?" came the impatient reply. John chuckled again and shook his head.
Sherlock huffed out an annoyed breath and rolled his eyes. “Sentiment,” he replied shortly and shook his head in exasperation.
foul mood - which does not, I'd like to point out, take the form of playing the violin at three in the morning, insulting my flatmate's girlfriends, or
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but didn't question him. Instead, he pushed him farther into the kitchen, to the coffee pot waiting on the counter top. John made a noise of protest, but in fact he was far too tired to fight right now. He yawned again, stretching his arms to either side of his body, eyes squeezed shut.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and stared intently into John's crystal-blue eyes. "I said, go ahead and kiss me. See if it's as you thought it would be."
“Secondly, I’m not aware of ever having kissed you, which is another thing couples regularly do, and we, for a fact, do
Clara cleared her throat and pushed herself back with her chair, then slowly got up. She nodded at John and regarded Sherlock with a look the doctor couldn’t quite read before saying, “I’ll leave you to it, then.”
When Sherlock was half-way through the plate and had just swallowed the last bite of toast and beans, he held out his hand in anticipation. Sure enough, Sherlock handed the plate over and folded his hands over his middle.
"You... that's just unbelievable," John said, voice unsteady, partly out of confusion and partly out of suppressed anger. "You actually picked the lock to my door? You really have no boundaries at all, do you?"
He took in a deep, calming breath. Exhaled steadily. Took in another. "Nothing I'll have to apologise for," he muttered and went to sleep without cleaning up the mess he'd made.
Sherlock followed when John pulled back, trying to catch his mouth again, but John touched their foreheads together and closed his eyes, sighing contently. "John?" Sherlock enquired. His voice was rough and he cleared his throat.
his last girlfriend had said, and now the voice from last night's dream echoed in his head and he groaned.
Again, the older emphasized the word with what could only be described as disdain. “If you want him back, I suggest you get up and out now. Or stay here and remain unhappy and isolated for the rest of your life. It’s your choice, Sherlock, but one you have to make eventually.”
"Why would her lover-" Lestrade started but cut himself off at Sherlock's scowl. "Never mind. Then how do you know all that?" the DI demanded, and Sherlock impatiently explained.
John blinked, confused. But before he could ask what Sherlock meant, the taller man continued. “You made it very clear you want nothing to do with the idea of--“
I don't know why I could never bring myself to finishing this story before, but I'm determined to do so now, the last chapter should be posted within the month (seeing as I'm halfway through writing it).
And even though Sherlock was all bones, angles and sharp edges, he still was so soft, so vulnerable. For the first two months, John had constantly been worried he'd break the fragile figure by just so much as touching or kissing him.
“Sherlock, why are you touching me?” he asked, his voice low, not loud enough for Lestrade to overhear.
Entering the living room she looked around for John. He was standing by the front door with his bag next to his feet, waiting. “Right, then,” she sighed and nodded to him. He returned the gesture and picked up his belongings.
"It's fine, Sherlock, I'll go. But this time, no matter how often you may apologise, even if you beg me on your knees - I. Will. Not. Come. Back. Not ever, Sherlock. If I leave this flat, I'm done with you and nothing is ever going to change that."
Sherlock didn't look up from his microscope, but John could hear the eye-roll in his voice. "One would assume you would know your own date of birth. Furthermore you know that I do not particularly care for such trivia."
Here, finally, it is: chapter six. I apologise for the delay, our lives kept my beta and me both really busy. As usual, here comes my thank you for reading & I'm looking forward to hearing your opinions. Now, off you go; enjoy!
It was a simple case for Sherlock. It took barely three minutes of examining the body (a ginger woman, mid-thirties, killed when one of her own kitchen knives tore through her carotid artery - gruesome, in John's opinion) before he started rattling off his deductions.
The doctor opened his eyes in acknowledgement and couldn't help but smile at Sherlock's next words. "May I-" a sharp intake of breath from the detective, "I'd like to... keep kissing."
John clenched his hands, lips pinched to a tight white line. "Right, then," he said, and strode past Sherlock and up the stairs to his room, slamming the door loudly enough to wake Mrs. Turner's Married Ones next door.
The hand not busy with holding him up continued roaming over Sherlock's chest, deliberately avoiding his nipples, just caressing with almost no pressure applied - a ghostly touch, designed to have his lover aching for more.
Sherlock took a shuddering breath. "It's the worst possible error that could have occurred, John," he said, pointedly not looking at him.
John blinked at him in surprise. “Wh--” he started, but Sherlock interrupted with a shaking of his head.
The detective blinked once again, his gaze shifting from John’s face to the plate and the cuppa on the coffee table and back. “Not hungry,” he exclaimed and freed his wrist out of John’s grasp.
The detective exhaled audibly, but kept silent. The storm inside of him had picked up the pace once again, but this time, it wasn’t roaring with anger and self-loathing, rather, it was spreading anxiety and excitement through his nervous system. He’d win John back. He’d make him listen and he’d actually apologise this time. He’d make it right. He had to.
Sherlock nodded slightly and John smiled at the thought that his friend's intent was to make peace between them. Obviously, it had worked. John had not felt so much at ease in a long while. Briefly he considered telling Sherlock that, for once, he was not the one at fault, at least not
“But you didn’t!” Sherlock cut him off, hands balled at the sides of his body. “You didn’t,” he said again, voice wavering.
"Shift over," he commanded as he reached for the fridge handle to put away two cartons of semi-skimmed milk. Sherlock's arse, however adorable and
John just stood and stared for one long moment. His mind reeled with thoughts, memories, trying to decrypt Sherlock’s statement. He gasped as he shook himself out of his thoughts. “Not an experiment?” he dared to ask, his voice low, cautiousness embedded into it, also showing in his expression and posture.
Sherlock’s head snapped up and turned toward John again. He blinked. “Aren’t we?” he asked with a lopsided grin claiming his lips, “The evidence speaks otherwise.”
John felt like flying. Sherlock felt like being in the centre of a hurricane, with John as his anchor. They completely and utterly loved it. John especially loved the acceptance and the praises. Sherlock just loved that John was happy. (His John, he thought, for once at peace with himself and the world.
Taking a deep breath and feeling invigorated with resolve starting to surge through his veins, he put up the collar of his coat, turned around without another word and walked towards the main entrance, slipping past travelers on their way outside, all the while looking around for a familiar dark blonde head.
"John. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to wake you," he whispered, effectively lifting the black and grey cloak of silence that surrounded them.
"Thank you," he said evenly, much to John's surprise, and took it with two long, pale fingers. Their skin brushed and John shivered slightly, the motion not going unnoticed by Sherlock. "Stop it," he said irritably.
Grabbing her car and house keys from their hanger next to the door, Clara followed him outside, locking up behind her. They walked to her car in silence, John moving hesitantly. There was a lump in his throat and his heart was pumping anxiety through his veins.
eat it,” John said in his calm, concerned doctor-voice, “You haven’t eaten in three days, except for two biscuits and a piece of chocolate.”
“Don’t even think of asking me how it went,” Clara sighed as her eyes met John’s who had looked up from the book he’d been reading when she entered the study. She unceremoniously dropped the bag with his belongings next to the armchair he was perched in and threw herself on the couch in the living room next door.
John absorbed the confession and winced, wondering what sorts of bad memories he was responsible for bringing to the fore of Sherlock's bright mind and knowing Sherlock would clearly feel his privacy invaded if he asked for details. Eventually he took a deep breath, asking, "What do you want me to do about it, then?"
It didn't take more than two glances until hands reached out, tugged at coats and took them off, pulled at shirts and ripped them open, hot mouths searching, pressing against each other, devouring hungrily.
Sherlock stared out of the tinted window to his right, his left leg nervously twitching up and down. Mycroft glanced at him, from his face to his leg and back to his face again, frowning.
John stared at him, mouth agape. Hearing it hurt more than he'd thought. What if Sherlock had succeeded? He shook himself out of his stupor after a full ten seconds, when suddenly a thought struck him. With surprise evident in his voice he said, "You... actually
Taken aback, John inhaled a calming breath and blew it out again, then rolled his eyes. "Working on it," he said simply.
Clara snorted. “Shush, you. Actually, it’s your sister’s, and actually, it was a gift from me. Anyway, you’re not answering that Sherlock bloke’s texts!”
There was a force, a power, the one thing in this world that could shut down Sherlock Holmes' brilliant mind and reduce this glorious, beautiful creature to a sobbing, begging, shivering mess. And it was found
John huffed. “I’m not delusional. But I at least hoped he’d try to call me or send a text or something -- anything, really. I would have liked to know he still cares about me. Even just a little.” The heartbreak was evident in his voice as it began to tremble slightly. His fingers dug into the seat and he bit down harshly on his lower lip to keep from crying. He’d done enough of that over the past week and frankly, he was annoying himself with all the feeling sorry for himself he’d been doing.
Willing her nervous heart down her throat and back into it’s supposed place between her ribs, she took a deep breath of air before she pushed the black wood fully open and entered the small foyer.
“Well, I’m certainly glad you think so highly of me,” Sherlock spat, frowning. He didn’t need his brothers pity.
"So, are you here to collect the rest of your belongings, or are you staying?" Sherlock would not get an answer. Not just now, anyway.
Sherlock was just standing there, about five meters away, torn between fight or flight. Never in his life had he felt so small, so insecure, so lost.
Memories cut through his thoughts, memories he should have forgotten, deleted, but that he kept tucked away not only because deletion didn't apply to them, but because however painful, he treasured them, valued the pain they sent through him, relished the way they made his heart clench uncomfortably in his chest. He should have hated them and the heartbreak they brought. Instead he wanted, even
“Oh God, oh God, oh God,” she breathed, closing her eyes and trying to calm her nearly collapsing heart and her ragged, too-quick breathing. Inhaling steadily and exhaling shakily, she counted the seconds passing. It took her three minutes and twenty-two seconds to get back to her senses.
“The same way you like seeing me sleep?” Sherlock shot back, annoyed and angry by the fact John thought he had an eating-disorder. He just didn’t need food. That was all it was.
Sherlock, not fall even harder for him, and, well, Sherlock is Sherlock. For him to go and hug John like that is a huge thing in and of itself in my opinion, and it shows more about how much John actually means to Sherlock than it would seem. Maybe that's just my conception of their relationship, though. I'm open for differing opinions and criticism any time!
Anger surged through him, adrenaline pumping through his veins, giving him strength. He smashed his fist into the mirror and shattered his reflection, sending shards of glass flying through the tiled room and boring into the white skin of his hand.
Sherlock bit his swollen bottom lip, unintentionally muffling the moan that was freeing itself from his throat, and clenched his eyes shut, lifting his hips again, pressing up against John's warm hand. His whole body ached for friction, burned with desire. All his actions pleaded for more contact, more heat, more everything.
Clara shook her head by way of answering. She wasn’t going to tell him. Not yet, anyway. She was going to wait if maybe Sherlock would call her. And she would make it alright, somehow. Hopefully. She sighed again.
“You alright?” he heard himself ask, half spaced out while thinking on the journey that lay ahead of him and what it entailed. Leaving London, Sherlock, his family and friends behind, without nary a word to anyone -- he still felt cowardly for running away like this. But on the other hand, he was sure to get better sooner the farther he was away from Sherlock, right? Right?
He squirmed uncomfortably and glanced down to confirm that yes, he had a raging hard-on taunting him through the cotton of his pants.
"Was," John said evenly, successfully suppressing the need to cry on Clara's shoulder. For now, anyway.
Would he ever be ready? He sighed. Not if he didn't stop sulking, no. He'd have to try and work it out, figuring out his feelings and himself, before he could go back to talk to Sherlock.
She kept stroking his arm as he started to explain what had happened in short, choppy sentences, listening and just
Languid silence filled the flat after the last of deep, breathy moans had reverberated from the walls in the most intriguing way.
“Running away...to Australia...” he murmured, more to himself than to Clara, but she shook her head.
Sherlock was keeping himself busy. He had started learning Braille by self-study. He was spending hours walking around the flat, memorising distances in the different rooms, calculating how many steps there were from his chair to the music stand by the window, from the music stand to the sofa. He locked himself in his room for hours, examining different textures, running his fingers over hundreds of materials from his silk dressing gowns to ground oregano. And John was half-relieved that Sherlock was trying to make the best of the situation, half-worried that Sherlock wasn’t trusting him enough to ask for help. John knew that he should be glad that Sherlock didn’t let his blindness stop him, that he was trying to adjust to the situation. And he was glad, he really was. But Sherlock wasn’t talking to him, he had closed himself off completely, shut John out, and it was driving John crazy. John wanted to be there for him, but he didn't know how, and he was angry at himself for not being brave enough to talk, for not trying hard enough. Sherlock was coping, and all John could do was sit there and watch.
The smell of antiseptic hung heavy in the still air. It invaded his nostrils, burning the lining of his nose, and surrounded him like an invisible fog, and Sherlock found it harder to breathe with every step.
With a smile on his face, he finished his order, and made his way back to the hospital room balancing two cups of coffee in his right hand, and holding a stack of two sandwiches and two croissants against his chest.
To his surprise, Sherlock didn’t protest; he simply nodded again. John tried to study his face but couldn’t read his expression, his closed eyes revealing nothing.
John hated seeing that puzzled look on his face, even though he knew the doctor hadn’t done anything wrong. He was simply doing his job, providing comfort without giving false hope, and John, as a doctor, more than anyone, should know that. But he couldn’t help but feel annoyed. He wanted to take the doctor by the shoulders and shake him until he understood. He just needed someone to blame, someone to unleash his anger at. And although John knew there was no one to blame, not even himself, he needed to take his anger out on someone.
Lowering himself onto his chair beside the bed, John broke off a piece of his sandwich, but his stomach was twisting unpleasantly, and his appetite was gone.
Sherlock was lying on a stretcher, a white hospital gown covering his naked body. His eyes were bloodshot and teary, staring into emptiness. Sherlock wasn't making his usual witty remarks, not deducing the medical staff in the room. It was so unnatural to see him lying there so helpless, his beautiful, brilliant Sherlock.
John couldn't envision life without him, not anymore, because life without him would no longer be worth living. And he knew he was screwed, because the only thing that kept him alive was Sherlock. If Sherlock were to draw his last breath in that hospital, John would curse God and die too. He had grown so dependent on Sherlock, so addicted to him. He was like a drug, a dangerous drug, that made every fiber of John's being crave him, want him,
Without his sight, he would be needy and useless, worth nothing to John. How long would John stay with him?
John opened his mouth, although he didn’t really know what to say, but the doctor, having gained his attention, continued before he could speak: “The operation went well without any complications, and his intracranial pressure has returned to normal, so try not to worry too much. We have arranged a room—”
John couldn’t prevent a chuckle from escaping his lips. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, staring at the doctor, unbelieving. Sherlock had suddenly lost his eyesight and no one knew why, not even the best doctors in London, but yeah, there was absolutely no need to worry, John thought sardonically while shaking his head in disbelief.
His eyes strayed to the tranquil figure beside him. The man’s body was crouched in a foetal position on his right side, his forearms entwined, and his knees drawn up to his stomach. The disordered halo of his inky curls lay sprawled on the pillow, obscuring most of his face, the glossy strands gleaming dark golden brown as the sunlight played on them. John was seized by the temptation to rake his fingers through the softness, to twirl one of the locks around his finger and tug, ever so gently, but he suppressed the tender urge and settled for admiring his extraordinary beauty from his side of the bed, reluctant to wake him just yet.
John had once said to him that his eyes were captivating, and if he had to describe their colour in one word, that would be “magical”. He knew that it was silly and quite honestly disgustingly romantic, but the words had slipped from his lips before he had thought them through. With his cheeks aflame, he had listened as the man chided him in his taunting manner for being ridiculous and absurd, rolling his eyes as he huffed that magical was certainly not a colour, making air quotes with his fingers as he spat out the word “magical”. John had shut him up with a kiss.
Disoriented, Sherlock shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts, trying to get control of his mind and body. It felt unreal. Everything felt unreal, as if his mind was detached from his body, as if he was floating in a dream, unable to grasp what was happening.
The doctor paused for a second before continuing, “Yes. We need to drain the excess cerebrospinal fluid. We don't know yet what caused this, but we are doing our best to find out.”
Even while stuck in that hazy space between sleep and awareness, it struck him that he had been dreaming, but to his disappointment, the once so vivid images of the dream had already fled him, leaving behind only a vague feeling of peacefulness: it had been a good dream, then, he thought dimly, not that it mattered. Without really grasping why, his brain still fuzzy from sleep, he resisted the urge to surrender to his body’s desire for rest. He squeezed his eyes tighter and, with slight difficulty, opened them again, the lids crusty with sleep. As he blinked into the darkness, he could feel his eyelashes sticking together, his eyes aching and dry.
Sherlock closed his eyes briefly and swallowed, and John couldn’t help but notice the slight tremble of his lower lip. “You’re ashamed. You don’t think I can do it. You’re afraid of what the others will think of me. You’re scared they’ll hurt my
John nodded, encouraging him to continue. Sherlock frowned impatiently, and John realised that he couldn't see him, didn't see him nod. John pressed his eyes closed, fighting the emotions threatening to break through to the surface again. “Yeah?” John forced the word out of his mouth, cringing at the sound of his voice.
Sherlock didn't care about the pain in his head, he could tolerate it, he had endured much worse than it. The hammering pain wasn't pleasant—and yes, it hurt. But it didn't hurt as badly as his heart.
John had known that it was going to be bad. He had known once they had returned home from the hospital, and Sherlock had locked himself in his room, his
Falling in love with Sherlock had been inevitable, inescapable; there was no doubt, no question about it. John wasn't sure if he believed in fate, or destiny, but he liked to think that their first meeting had been just as inevitable, too. He believed, wanted to believe, that it hadn't been coincidence that had sent Mike to Russell Square Gardens on that seemingly ordinary morning. The mere thought of having never met Sherlock gave him an uneasy, unpleasant feeling he couldn't explain or put a name to. It just felt so utterly, completely wrong.
Sherlock was painfully aware that he wasn’t infallible, but still the realisation that he had made a miscalculation simultaneously astounded and annoyed him beyond all measure. He had thought that he had been thorough in gathering evidence and noting what he thought had been obvious signs of John’s boredom. He could tell by the shuffling sound of his footsteps that his limp had returned, and the sheer number of sighs he expelled in a day suggested that he was writhing with tedium, not to mention the ridiculous amount of time he spent glued to the sofa, brainlessly watching some crap on telly, that undoubtedly indicated that he was slowly succumbing to ennui. It had been his conviction that John had already begun to miss the gut-tickling frisson of excitement, the exhilarating rush of adrenaline, and the enticing thrill of danger that solving invigoratingly challenging cases and chasing gun-wielding criminals through the labyrinthine streets of London gave him. But instead of exhaling a breath of relief when Sherlock had proposed that they get back to work, John had snapped at him, his tone a mixture of anger and disappointment, and marched out of the door.
He hated the self-conscious thoughts that muscled their way into his consciousness, the obtrusive doubts that crowded his mind whenever Sherlock brushed past him with the same indifference with which he regarded obnoxious people like Philip Anderson and Sally Donovan. He hated that he couldn’t quell the nonsensical questions popping into his head that made him want to slap himself. Even though he was very much aware how thoroughly ridiculous they were, he couldn’t divest himself of them; they kept torturing him, weaving themselves even into his dreams whenever he managed to slip into much-desired unconsciousness.
John was dragged out of his reverie when the mounting strain in his forearms became too distracting. With a barely repressed groan, John pushed himself up into a sitting position, his left shoulder aching in protest, and then scooted backward until his naked back connected with the wall. The surface was pleasantly cool against his skin, which made him realise just how stuffy the air was. Beads of moisture stood out on his forehead and upper lip, and a rivulet of sweat was trickling its way down his chest toward his navel. It was August, and the upstairs bedroom always got hot in the summer, the tall windows permitting sunlight to pour in like liquid honey, painting the pale-green walls in golden hues and making one’s nude skin sticky and slick. It was considerably cooler in the downstairs bedroom, but, keeping in mind that Mrs Hudson—the landlady, who lived on the ground floor—had an excellent hearing, spending the nights in John’s—and now their—bedroom had felt like a sensible compromise when the physical part of their relationship had advanced to more than just kissing.
Sherlock imagined they were John's hands, holding him, making sure he didn't fall over. John's strong, weather-beaten hands. Hands that always caressed him so gently, hands that ran through his hair, playing with his curls. Hands that cupped his cheeks softly, tilting his face up for a kiss. His warm and loving hands.
However, all of that is irrelevant, the point being, that John was made for nature. Sherlock remembers one of the first cases he had gone on with John into the country side. It was just on the cusp of summer, the blossoms had bloomed, the new baby animals were steady on their feet, flowers were open, bees and butterflies and dragonflies soaring through the countryside air. He had been more casually dressed than Sherlock had ever seen him outside of the flat, barefoot in shorts and a vest with half his hair tied up and out of his face.
John goes back to work three weeks after the Fall as he has labelled it, but puts space between himself and everyone he knows. He breaks whatever it was he had with Sarah off, he dodges the advances of Mary when she comes around. He calls Lestrade just often enough so he doesn’t worry too much, even goes out with Lestrade for a drink every now and then. He loses contact with all the acquaintances he’s made since returning to London, the only person John regularly speaks with is Mrs. Hudson, and that really is only because, one she’s still his landlady, and two because she comes up once a day to make sure he’s still… living probably. John isn’t quite sure what she’s trying to accomplish by hovering. Sherlock would have said that it was hatefully overbearing and John almost wished he were here to say as much, he also wished he didn’t feel like his heart had been ripped out every time he thought of the man.
They arrive at the scene within thirty minutes of Sherlock receiving the text from Lestrade, the alleyway is sectioned off by the police tape which Sherlock ducks under quickly, John right on his heels. The flashing lights are irritating John’s eyes, Sherlock can see, but he doesn’t complain or say anything so Sherlock doesn’t worry and instead focuses on the scene in front of him. The NSY are watching him with varying expressions as Sherlock flits around from one place to another examining seemingly unimportant details with his magnifying glass.
He did heal more quickly than any human would have and when he could at least mostly function on his own, he was shipped back to London with his aching and broken body, where he had an empty bedsit to greet him, his useless therapist to talk with, and a loaded gun in his bedside table.
It was cold and dreary in early December as John trudged home from the surgery. It had snowed recently, and it had turned to the grey slush that currently lined the streets and sidewalks. He stopped on the way home to get some milk, he had just used the last of it this morning, but he supposes that one does drink their way through quite a bit of milk if they have two cups of tea just to be able to function after they wake up. John dismisses that thought as he unlocks the front door and trundles his way up the stairs to the flat. Mrs. Hudson will be over in about an hour, which gives him plenty of time to make himself another cup of tea, then have himself a hot shower.
“John?” there’s sadness and grief, joy and happiness, weariness and wariness, and the voice sounds so tired and raw and hoarse that it squeezes his heart painfully tight.
It wasn’t until John was twelve that he started to hate having long hair, the teasing was never ending, and the boys that
It is as John is unlocking the door to the flat that the hairs on his arms and the back of his neck stand on end, he’s suddenly quite sure that there is someone in his flat. And not Mrs. Hudson, which means that this person doesn’t belong and is about to eat one of his bullets.
What had happened to Sherlock while he was gone, while John had been mourning and crawling through his day to day life? While John wallowed, Sherlock was all around the globe dismantling Moriarty’s web of killers, working relentlessly to keep how many people safe, both those that Sherlock cared about and an infinite amount of nameless other people who probably never even knew they were in danger. John felt his knees go fuzzy with the staggering knowledge.
They had just passed back under the police tape and were making their way to the main street so they could hail a cab, or rather so Sherlock himself could hail a cab, but it was inconsequential really, when Donovan shouted after them. Sherlock really did roll his eyes this time, not at all caring for whatever petty insults Donovan was about to fling at him, so he kept walking. The lights were still messing with John’s eyes, and John was obviously getting more tired, with the way his shoulders were becoming more rigid and the lines in his face became deeper, therefore there was no point in hashing it out with Sally.
“Ah, Molly! Coffee, thank you.” He glances at her as he takes the cup, and frowns slightly. “What happened to the lipstick?”
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine.” The stranger had a deep sonorous voice, it made John think of melted chocolate honestly. John didn’t dwell on that too much though, not that he had thoughts like that a lot, comparing people’s voices to food, but Mike was speaking again.
Mike had a rather sly smile on his face as John took a moment to be stunned, he took another moment to breathe, remembered not to be so paranoid despite the fact that this man had just raised every hair on his body, as he did whatever it was he was doing on John’s phone, before asking a question of his own. “Sorry?” Not a very brilliant question but he felt it was an important one none the less.
“We can discuss the matter here, away from those whom you might not want information in the hands of.” Crane’s voice was higher in pitch and more on the androgynous side than any other male Sherlock had encountered before him, but again, spend enough time in one’s presence and you don’t even notice these things.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s neck, pulling the man to him. Sherlock buried his face to the crook of John’s neck, wrapping his arms around John’s waist and squeezing tight, it was a little awkward with the height difference but Sherlock probably wouldn’t be moved and John would let him cling as long as he liked, wanted, needed. Sherlock had never expressed such grief or sadness or anything of the sort really. He hid all of that behind a deceptive mask of indifference that he claimed was just sociopathy. John knew otherwise of course, knew just how much Sherlock was capable of caring about those he considered close to himself, but John never knew he would ever let him witness a show of such emotion, especially any emotions that could be mistaken for weakness.
Sherlock, but the stupid idiot genius didn’t even know and now he never would. John didn’t move from the bed for three days following that, and when he finally did it was to find something to eat, to shower, to attend Sherlock’s funeral in a haze, and then to go back to Sherlock’s room and wallow in his misery.
Not that it was late, but John, who was supposed to have been asleep would even have to agree that getting out of bed to come to a crime scene that was a three was a waste of time. Sherlock turned on his heel, calling out to John to follow, which he did diligently, just like always.
“Oh, you’ve no idea!” Mike proclaimed with a chuckle, but that was just Mike, if John remembered correctly, always so jolly and mild-mannered. And now that John thinks about it wasn’t that what everyone used to call him? Mild-mannered Mike? It was then that the up until that point quiet occupant looked up, revealing a pale face with surprisingly bright blue grey eyes and ridiculously high cheekbones. Elf definitely, and a dominant one to boot. Wonderful. The longer pointed ears, indicative of his dominant status, were hidden a little under the curls but he was most assuredly an elf, though they are known for their long hair, elves unlike himself were capable of cutting their hair, most just didn’t.
The breeze playing with his hair along with the tall grass, his smile as bright and dazzling at the sun, and when he had turned to Sherlock, a European adder fit snuggly around his neck, to bestow that gracious smile upon Sherlock he was very certain in that moment that gods do walk among men. Sherlock did not believe in the gods and goddesses and deities of myth and legend of humans who don’t exist even among the Fae, but this heavenly being who has deigned to chain himself to the earth must be for there was no other explanation for the sight before Sherlock. The beauty of Aphrodite, love of nature of Ngeṉ-mawida and Ngeṉ-kulliñ, the power of Jove, the loyalty of Guan Yu, the sheer brutality of Menhit, and the caring protectiveness of Hlin
“Oh, oh Sherlock, Spirits look at you. What happened?” it was whispered into the quiet of the room around them, but John didn’t get an answer, Sherlock just looked down and stared at the floor. They sat there in a heavy silence, and John was just about to give up and ask something else when Sherlock let out a sigh, his shoulders slumping and his face falling. Sherlock’s voice was so quiet John almost couldn’t hear him speaking, even with the heightened senses. “Moriarty, he was after you, you and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, and I… I couldn’t let- I couldn’t let him get to you. He would have hurt you, tortured you, killed you and I… he couldn’t, I wouldn’t let him. So, I jumped, but I was never dead, but he had to believe it and that meant you had to believe it too, or he would have had people get you. I was all across the world taking out his web, and it was so extensive and big, and it took what felt like centuries, but I hunted down every person in it and I killed them so they couldn’t kill you. And I’m sorry John, I’m so very sorry for hurting you too.” Sherlock was almost in tears and John threw everything to the wind, his anger and loss and heartbreak.
Hey guys, sorry this chapter was so late, but between my mom's birthday, Christmas and my grandmother's birthday, my other grandmother's birthday a couple of days later, my sister's birthday and New Year's Eve, New Year's day, my mom going into labor, family flying into town, my dad and sister's birthday, my brother's birthday, and my other brother's birthday, I have not had a chance to even breathe let alone write. But we are back to regular updates now.
“Is that what?” the stranger says, walking towards John. John has to remind himself not to be intimidated by the fact that this person is taller than him, most people are, but he absolutely towers over John. However, John maintains eye contact with the dominant male, and says in a steady voice, “We’ve only just met and we’re going to go look at a flat?”
Sherlock was never known for bouts of sentimentality or poeticism, but it was at that moment Sherlock decided John would be his, though this was a subconscious thought and it wouldn’t be until the Hound that Sherlock acknowledged his love for John as what it is, and it wouldn’t be until the Fall that Sherlock would prove his love for John, but he knew deep down that he couldn’t, wouldn’t let John go.
He continued on in this process for almost another week before Lestrade came by. John had spoken to the man briefly, apparently Sarah had been concerned and called the police to make sure John was okay. But he wasn’t, and he wouldn’t ever be now. Lestrade gave his very heartfelt condolences, before saying that he would talk to John later and leaving.
For the first few seconds that the hair was gone his head felt light as a feather, but then it felt like someone had tried to lift his head off his shoulder. He felt dizzy and lightheaded, and his stomach felt like it decided to take up new lodgings in his throat. He was going to pass out, he was quite sure of that very suddenly, so he did the most sensible thing and took out his phone to call his mother. He dialed her with one hand and the other, the one that had held his hair is clutching the edge of the sink so hard he feels like his hand or the sink might break. His vision darkens as she picks up and all he can do is stare at his reflection in horror as blood begins to drip from his nose, he makes a noise that was supposed to be the word help, but he doesn’t think the sound he made was an actual word; then he’s collapsing, falling into darkness and onto the cold tile of the bathroom floor. His mother calls to him, but he can’t answer her, and she’s frantic.
The first time John ever uses his Craft, he is six. He is playing at the park close by the swings with two other boys and a little girl who he remembers had very pretty hazel eyes. His parents are sitting at a wooden bench talking about whatever things parents talk about while their children are otherwise occupied. There are older boys playing around in the field and they come over, though John doesn’t remember what it is they initially wanted.
When he returns to school the next week, nobody will even look in his direction; the other students avoid him when he walks by. Some are reverent, most people have never seen a Fae in person and believe that the Fae are holy beings, gods that deign to walk amongst men. Some in fear, the Fae are powerful creatures one and all, no matter how weak to other Fae they may be even the weakest among them is capable of things most humans would consider impossible. And some in disgust, those few believe that the Fae are less human which technically is true, not that they're less then human but not human in the first place, even if some do look human, but that they were nothing more than beasts which could be said about a few Fae since they
“Yeah, I know, I got fat.” It was said jokingly, and even as John responded with a hurried, “No, no”, and a shake of his head he couldn’t help but think that yes, Mike had indeed gained a pound or fifteen.
“We don’t know a thing about each other.” John starts, voice firm. “I don’t know where we’re meeting, I don’t even know your name.” Curly stands straighter, taking a moment to do a quick once over which has John feeling exposed, and focuses a suddenly very intense gaze on John as he says in rapid succession, “I know you’re an Army doctor. And you’ve just been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him, possibly because he’s an alcoholic and more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp is psychosomatic, quite correctly, I’m afraid. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?” The nameless man turns to the door to leave and is almost gone when he looks back in and says, “The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221 B Baker Street.”
All Fae have a Craft, a gift of sorts, and no Craft is quite the same as another, not even those that have the same Craft. Most species of Fae have Crafts that are more common among that specific species. Elves are known for their healing, dwarves for craftsmanship, demons for magic, things of that nature. That doesn’t mean that demons can’t heal though, or that elves can’t craft anything since they rival dwarves in that regard. Some Fae can also have more than one, it isn’t too common, but it happens often enough that you’re not a pariah if you have two.
Sherlock reaches out for John’s arm, what he was planning on doing was beyond him, maybe to sooth, or to take John away quickly, possibly to restrain if it came to that. What happens though is that Sherlock is shocked, his already wild curls fraying around the edges, his mouth opening in a gasp of not quite pain, and then he’s frozen. Not literally, but Sherlock can do nothing more than breathe and move his eyes, which are now darting to and fro in panic.
