Toni knew that smile from anywhere: Captain America had a plan. He had a real plan. She should have figured that Steve had a plan as he always had a plan. That was why they had so many fights in the future, because her first and only plan had always been attack, which he hated. And she always hated his plans, which always seemed to take too long, but right now, she was in love with his plans.
him. The very sight of him annoyed her, but here she was, loving the feeling of being in his arm. She loved listening to his voice, his reassurances. "Are you sure you will last that long?" she asked.
The Asset snapped back to reality with a shooting headache. The pain was almost so great that it nearly sent him to his knees, and he was amazed when his knees didn't buckle underneath. Though it was irrational and impossible, he wished those words would disappear from his head and take the pain with them. They were nothing but a pain, and he didn't want them as they lowered his success rate. He couldn't function at 100% with these words in his head, and if he wasn't functioning normally, his handlers wouldn't have any need for him. They were get rid of him like the rest of the tools that they didn't need. They would kill him as what use would he be if he could not complete his task? He was supposed to kill, not think.
"I love you, Punk," he says, a bit calmer. "It's you and Steve. I need you both. You both keep me sane, and I didn't realize how much at first. When you b-broke up with us, my world, my everything came crashing down," he utters. "I lost it. Completely lost it, and I all but punched Steve when you walked out."
"No, that's why I will have nannies for," he replied, chuckled.
"Toni, easy. It's me." Toni stiffened as she looked up to Rogers, who sported a worried look in his eyes.
"Pepper," Bruce said with a deep sigh. "It isn't like that. We hadn't informed anyone of her return yet, because we're trying to give her some space. We don't all need to jump her at the same time."
When Rogers stepped on board, Toni was snapped back to reality and turned away, not wanting to look at him. She hadn't spoken to him since the night she woke up from the coma and she had no interest in talking to him. She was going to keep her distance because there was a chance that she might snap at him for being the Captain Asshole if she didn't. She still couldn't understand what he was thinking when he kissed her.
After leaving the museum, she dragged Steve to the PTSD group Sam was holding. She didn't know why she had the urge to go there. Maybe, it was Steve bringing her to the Museum, and she wanted to take that step forward, but Sam Wilson's words appeared in her head. She didn't know why, but his words hit her hard. He had a point. Maybe, that was what she needed. Besides, it didn't take much to drag Steve here, as he was willing to go.
"Caring?" she uttered back. Caring wasn't a word that she would use to describe herself. Heartless was good, because it wasn't possible for her to have a heart after what she had done.
Peggy sighed. "I don't want to know about your exports."
she told herself. "You need to do things as if I'm not here." She set the knife on the table and walked away. She shook her head as she remembered the time in the lab that she had given her father advice, which had worked. Toni had made a mistake that day, but she couldn't help it. It wasn't often that she knew something that her father didn't.
"Look who we have here."
Tony refuses to allow his emotions to get the better of him. There're innocent people who need help, and he refuses to allow another person to die on his watch. Besides, this isn't anything that he can't handle. He's fucken Tony Stark, and he doesn't cry. He doesn't sit around and do nothing. He's a fucken Genius, and he knows technology better than anyone else in the world. He's fucken brilliant, and there isn't anything he doesn't know. He knows how to look and find hidden frequencies. He knows how robots and droids work. He knows how Operating Systems work and collect data, and he can see flaws just by looking. He can see one now, a delay whenever they morph. He can see the lag in the OS, and he can see the flaws in his head. He can see it all.
She almost forgot that she was wearing the ugly nurse's outfit. "I'm being held prisoner without just cause," she stated, glancing toward the window. She wondered who was behind it, but she was sure it was her annoying father and Dr. Erskine.
Steve let out a chuckle before he gave her another kiss. "I'll be back."
your daughter." She snapped. She had no idea of what to say or how to deny it. "I think Rogers' death had shot you over the edge." Toni shoved Howard's hand off her and pushed away from him. "You're wrong. I'm not from the future," she replied harshly.
"Yes, we will." Natasha added.
There was something about the woman that Toni didn't like, but she couldn't figure it out. However, what she did know was that she didn't like be forced to do anything. "What happened?" she asked again.
Looking back at the dismembered body, the Asset knew his handlers would not be pleased at this. They would not be pleased at all. This dead body would create and draw too much attention, and his handlers would be angry. They would most likely punish him, forcing him back into the chair. They would take away all of that made him human, though he couldn't consider himself human in the first place. He was a tool for murder, which was what he had done and would do.
With that, Toni was out the door. She could hear yelling the second she reached the stairs and she was glad she wasn't there. Though she yelled and fought a lot, she hated it. Growing up that was all she heard from her parents.
"This isn't something to joke about," Peggy retorted as she grabbed Toni's uninjured hand and pulled her along toward their tent. "He could've done something to you."
*O*O*
"You don't seem like the girl to dance with random guys," he countered.
Before anyone could respond, Fury and Hill walked through the room. Their eyes went straight to Toni, and stayed on her. "I see you're in one piece, Stark."
Toni felt her heart flip as she listened to his voice. There was something in his tone that sounded like he was broken, like he was in extreme pain. She wanted to reach out and hug him, but there was something in his eyes that stopped her. "Steve," she uttered as it was all she could say. Her own voice was breaking.
Toni didn't need him to tell her this, because she knew this. She could feel the guilty in her heart, feel it overwhelming her. She knew she was going crazy, if she hadn't ready. She
Steve crossed to her and putted on a smile. "Then I will smile."
*O*O*
Steve, who looks like he has ran an hundred miles, walks the long way around the bed to take a spot next to the stilled Bucky. "What's going on in your head?" he asks, putting a hand on Tony's knee. Tony doesn't answer and stares at the ground as he crowds near the head of the bed. "What jumpo do you have going on in there, Tony?"
Trying to stop the panic building up in her, she forced herself to take a few deep breaths, as she counted backward in her head. "It's okay," she tried to tell herself. She repeated their words in her head, trying to force herself to calm down. With some deep breaths, she focused her mind on Steve. His face. His smile. Just remembering his perfect smile. His kind eyes. "You're not alone." She could say this one of the reasons why she preferred her tower. Though she could reach JARVIS from her phone or tech, she felt cut off from her AI in this apartment. She felt separated from her safety net, which just triggered her panic. There was also the fact that she couldn't run to her lab. If she was at the tower, she would be racing to it, locking herself in. Protecting herself.
Toni thought as she remembered what happened in her own lab. However, if she was able to power it, it would either kill her or send her farther back in time, and she didn't want either of those things. She needed to find a way to control the device, but first thing first, she had to find a power source.
"Your resistance is futile."
"What should I call you then?" he asked with a smile.
She brought her hand to her face in disbelieve. "I don't know. By the way you entered the room and the loud music coming from the lab? She doesn't play this shit loud unless she's upset."
Bucky and Steve get to their feet and follow Tony as he paces the labs. "I was wrong. Dead wrong," Bucky states with a weak smile. "I didn't realize why at time."
Peggy had seen the wires and heard what he had stated before but she didn't think it was that bad. "Violently?"
"We're going to woke Stark," She replied.
Shaking her head, she turned her attention back to her device, which laid open calling to her. She reached for it, and just as she was about to reconnect the wire, she heard a thump outside. At first, she didn't think much of it as there could be a million reasons for it, but with the second thump, it had to be something. "Howard?" she called out, walking toward the entrance.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve's expression softened, turning into a smile. "Oh, I know what you mean."
Peggy gave her a look. "Heck, no. I was thinking gun ranges."
"I don't need a babysitter," she protested. She was referring to both Peggy and Howard. "And don't you think that could mess up the whole timeline?" she whispered. "Is this about not trusting me?" There was also the fact that she couldn't stand to be in the same room of her father; however, she wondered if the world could take so much genius in the same room. She couldn't deny the intelligence of her father.
Rising Guilt
"Just a book, Salty," she replied, glancing at the Colonel as he took the seat next to her.
Toni gave her a look, forcing a smile to her lips. "Of what?" she replied, putting on a happy face. "I'm awesome and I get amazing sex." Her smile only grew. "So why don't you leave before Steve comes back and realizes the the nice nurse is a Shield Agent spying on him. It will do wonders for your relationship or lack thereof." There it was. Toni loved the expression that fell on the Agent's face.
Toni rushed to the freezer for some ice. "Let's put something on that," she said. To her luck, there was an old fashion ice pouch, which was probably a sign that Rogers got hurt a lot. She didn't understand why he did that. What was the point in fighting if he was going to lose? "Go sit down," she ordered, as she tried to project Pepper.
"So why did you bring your very attractive grandson then?" Toni asked. Yes, Trip was attractive; however, Toni was anything but attracted to him. She had no desire whatsoever to do anything with that Shield Agent, even if she acted like she did. This was just a game to Toni, so she could hide her feelings. It was one of the many masks that she worn to protect herself. She didn't know what she would without her masks. "Just to tease me?" She would need to make another mask to hide her guilt.
Toni chuckled. "I already think you're crazy – the curse of being an inventor and all that," she smiled, fighting her exhaustion. "So tell me your theory." She went back to resting her head on her hands, trying to keep herself awake.
"I don't have anything that you want," Toni said, pissed and annoyed.
"It's over there," he stated, pointing toward the other side of the room. "Has something changed? I thought you couldn't power it."
"Let's me get changed, and we can take a walk."
"Really? Time travel? That's your story?" He started to drag her to the door.
The masked the man reached—Toni's heart pounding loudly in her ears at this point- forward to pick her up, but before he could touch her, a certain shield flew through the air, cutting through swelling fear. There was no denying the famous shield as it spun through the air, playing a familiar song with Steve not far behind it. Toni wasn't sure where he came from, but he leaped down from the sky like an avenging angel. His expression masked, but Toni could read it: angry belong belief. Now, she wasn't sure if that was directed at her or the man, but Steve was not happy.
There's an open struggle on the Captain's face, and it's clear that there's something he wants to say but is scared to say it. "Buck's right, Tony," he burst out, quickly and suddenly. "You're riskless and careless. Doesn't listen. I…" He drifts off as he takes a deep breath and rubs his chin. His eyes are glued on Tony. "D-Do you know how it feels to see you disappear into that building, refusing to accept our requests to talk?" His voice is breaking, shaking, but there's something else in his tone. "Do…you care, Tony?"
The Genius stood like a statue, not even twitching, in the bitter, cold air. Not changing out of what Steve had put her in the night before, Toni was wearing shorts and a loose t-shirt. Frozen for a few seconds, he eyed her, studying every mark on her pale skin. Though he had noticed the marks before, the dark bruise seemed all the more noticeable. Though the welt from Natasha had long since faded, there was a new angry bruise riding up her back and onto her shoulder. He had no idea of how Toni obtained the bruise, but it angered him deeply.
"Okay." She still wanted to someone to check out his head.
"Do you care about him?"
Bruce, sitting in front of the fire place, eyed the Captain as well. "Did something happen?" he asked, seeing a change in him.
"That's the past, Rogers, and the past should stay in the past. Plus, if I remember correctly, it was Peggy that you followed like a lost puppy, so why don't you go bug her?" she asked, coldly. "…Oh, wait. Too old for you now? Is that it? I don't know, but I don't have time for this. I have shit to figure out, and you aren't one of them. So why don't we go back to the way it was before I time traveled. You were less annoying."
The Asset had no idea to who these words belonged to and who or what was a Buck. What was a Buck? The Asset wasn't sure and troubled him. It wasn't like he cared or mattered where these words came from, but it was a clear sign that he needed repairs. What good was he if he wasn't functioning at 100 percent? Why would his handler want a tool that wasn't working?
"Toni, why don't you make this easy?" she asked.
"Trust me, you aren't invite to the party with my fellas," Bucky replies, scooting closer to Tony.
After laying herself on the ground, she had been able to work her pants up as she used her legs to push herself off the ground. "Now, here comes the hard part," she told herself. After a few attempts of trying to button them, she decided it would be useless if she couldn't hold one side still. She would need both hands. After freeing her broken arm from the sling, she tried to reach it down to hold her pants still, but she couldn't hold it for long. It was painful to work her arm like that but she needed to button her pants. "Got it," she whispered after a few moments of pain.
"And you will sit in a cell until I do."
"Back to what we were talking about," the Colonel stated. "When the need calls for it, you'll have to wear the dress uniform which does have a skirt, but around the base, you can wear pants."
With an arm firmly around her, Steve held her close, ready to protect her from anything. It didn't matter what it was, as he was willing to do anything like protecting her from pillows, granted he didn't think it would be so soon. The second the movie was over, Barton picked up one of the pillows and flung it at the sleeping genius with a loud chuckle, but it never hit his target, as Steve blocked it with his another arm. "Barton," Steve sneered.
"Anyhow," he said, redirecting the conversion back to the hologram. He pinched his arm, and not even a second later, a part of the hologram lit up. "It's the primary somatosensory cortex. It's the brain's pain center. But this is what I wanted to show you," he said, trying to wave the stilled Toni over. He stared at her for a few seconds as if to control her movements with his mind. However, she didn't move, and with a sigh, he pressed the projector control and started to change and move the image with his hand.
She could do this.
"I'll be up for movie night."
Again, I do not make any money off this. Marvel is own by Disney, who own everything which may or may not include your soul.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, just think of all the fun!" he replied, a goofy smile on his face.
a point, but Toni wasn't ready to reveal what they had yet. She wasn't ready to open this up to the world. She wanted to keep it between her and Steve, but it was impossible now. Now, everyone would be waiting for her to screw up as it would be her to do so. "Sorry, Pepper. Yes, I should've told you."
She closed her eyes. "He shouldn't have grabbed me," she mumbled. "He also shouldn't have sedated me and forced me to…" She shook her head as she drifted off. She didn't want to think about her nightmares as they plagued her enough.
"What?" Toni uttered, surprised, as she slowly opened her eyes and glanced down at Sam.
Steve didn't bother to reply as he gazed down at Toni. He was unable to stop the smile on his face as he stared at her. He really did think he was luckiest person in the world.
"Are you awake?"
"Toni!" The man's voice was louder, and there was a hint of concern in his voice, though there was something else in his voice as well, and it was that that startled Toni awake.
If she could cry, Toni would be right now, and it wasn't due to the painful ache in her shoulders and arms for dragging her suit. She hated fighting with Steve, hated it. Sure, she loved to banter, and she loved to annoy him with her quips, but she hated fighting with him. She hated the disappointed look in his eyes whenever they did, as it drilled into her very soul, breaking her down. He had a point, because threating a terrorist wasn't smart, especially giving out her home address. But, that man hurt Happy, and that was unacceptable. Everyone she loved was strictly untouchable, as she refused to lose anyone in her life, which was why her fight with Steve hurt so much. She couldn't lose that man. She just couldn't, even if she wasn't good for him.
Toni's eye twitched as there were a few things that she never wanted to know or think about. Her father's sex life was at the top, followed by Fury's sex life. However, if she thought about, she wouldn't want to know about Romanoff and Clint's either…or Bruce's with anyone. "Can I go home?" she asked, rubbing her forehead. "So don't want to hear this."
Toni narrowed her eyes at him. She could have said the same thing, but she didn't. She also didn't tell him that she handed the control of the company to her secretary. "I can do this on my own."
Peggy laughed. "No, I don't think he can, but he keeps insisting with time he could be." She glanced at Toni who had picked her head back up and was glaring. It was clear she was restless and annoyed. "However, he's too busy trying to figure out the other device that was found with her."
"What does Stark want?" Clint asked, still fighting to regain control over the craft. His tone switched from Anger to annoyance. His eye was twitching as he fought the AI for control. "Tell her to give me back my bird. Like her, I don't like to share either!"
"What do you want?" She asked as she stared at him, daring him to say something. She was ready to pounce on whatever he said. "…I need to get back to the device," she replied with a sigh.
"We're pretty fun," Bruce said with a smile. "Toni just needs to sleep."
"This is true," Jones said, laughing.
"He was beating you up." She recognized the tension in his shoulders, which was the same tension she had always seen in him when he was talking to her in the future. Why was he so pissed at her? "Did you want me to let him? He could have killed you."
Toni let out a weak laugh as she adjusted herself. "Me watch myself? You don't know me every well, do you?" she asked.
Picking up speed, Toni turned on a dime, trying force the water into a high wave. Failing to do so, she turned on the suddenly again, heading east. She kept up theses turns, trying to move the water.
The Private glanced up at her with a smile. As he tried to get to his feet, he placed a hand on her knee and squeezed. "I didn't know you cared, Doll Face," he stated as he winked at her.
Toni had to admit that just being with these three took some of guilt way. They made it difficult to be depressed. They made her want to smile, which was shocking. She had never been this close to so many people before; however, she didn't know what she would've done without them. "Oh, thanks you, Salty," she replied. "I always have thought I am prettier."
, he bitterly thinks, because Tony doesn't remember the last time he has seen either Barnes or Rogers. The entire time he has been down here, neither of them has come down to see or talk to him. "Yea, just working on something," he says, trying to ignore the pain in his chest. He can take a hint. He isn't stupid.
Without looking up, Barton caught the bulb with no issue. With a smirk, Barton pushed himself up onto his feet as he played with it in his hand. "Good throw, Stark. Nat's training is helping your skinny ass."
It kind of creeped her out that he had visited her when she was sleeping. She took a deep breath to relax herself. "Where's my device?" she asked, not wanting to stretch this out. She thought she could keep her cool, but seeing his sorry smug face set her off…again.
"Toni!" the man, which she could tell now, yelled as he held her tightly. "Breath. You need to breath."
He flipped to Toni's article and read it as he had done many before. He smiled at Toni's smartass comments and thought about all of the times she had been snarky with him and how he wanted to ring her neck. Her nonstop comments were anything but funny, and they annoyed the hell out of him. He had no idea of how he fell for the spunky brunette, when all she did was insult him, but there was something wild about her, something special. He could see it the second she had decided to fly into the warm hole. It hit Steve hard that someone like Toni would sacrifice her life without hesitation. It was then that he saw her and not her snarky, smartass comments. He could see her compassion.
Wait what?
"I know," she replied, trying to keep up. Peggy was walking too fast for her, and it annoyed Toni. There was no doubt that Peggy knew she was having a hard time keeping up and was doing it on purpose. It irritated Toni and she wanted to say something, though she doubted that Peggy would slow down if asked. There had to be another way to make her stop. "So do you like Rogers?" she asked, knowing it would piss her off. It also bugged Toni that Peggy and Steve were close.
drool a lot. With her stomach growling, her neck cracked painfully as she looked up. She wasn't sure if it was the food calling her name or the 'bed' she found herself on after a long night of Star Trek that made a her grumpy. Though, calling it a bed was generous. In reality, it was nothing more than a fold out chair with a lumpy mattress, which was hard as a rock. She supposed it was better than the floor or the sofa-not by much. "Better not be burning the bacon." she mutters with a long moan.
Steve turned to her, completely shocked. "What?"
After running into a few setbacks, she had to give it to her father, but she didn't give up. She was going to best him, because she refused to be second to her father. She shifted through some more codes before finding the code that she wanted. Toni smiled evilly when she broke through the security wall and gained full access; however, the smile on her face did not last long. "Is that footsteps?" she asked herself, glancing back at the door. She could tell by the sound of the steps that they were getting closer. She needed to get this done now.
"You underestimate her; there's no way that you could've shoot her. She isn't one of our top agents for nothing. The cadets learned that the hard way during boot camp."
"To see how you're doing," he replied as he stepped to the table.
Steve was going crazy in this tower, while everyone else was doing something to save Toni. It made the whole situation worse as he could do nothing. How could he say he loved her, while he was doing nothing? It made his whole body ache, thinking about how much he failed her, and it only made him angrier.
Why did she have to say it like that? It was true that he wasn't as hip as everyone else, but was that a bad thing? He liked the way he was, though he wished he understand the present a bit more. He was still stuck in the 1940s in some ways. But he was a one-woman kind of Man, and there was nothing he would do to ruin that, which included the kind of mission that Natasha had in mind. "I still think you should've let me after Rumlow. I could've gotten Toni's location out of him," he said, changing the subject.
Toni smiled, nervously, as she scratched the side of her forehead. "Well," she said slowly. "I…may or may not have inferred… that you… knocked me up." She really didn't mean to…She was just making a statement that if she wanted to create more Super Soldiers that there were more enjoyable ways of doing it.
She thought, bitterly. Seriously, how much did he just cost the city by jumping through buildings? No, now was not the time. Granted, she would probably have to pay for all that. "Agreed," she replied, narrowing her eyes. "Hurt me? You don't know who you're dealing with," she threatened as she charged him. Any other attack could risk the public's safety, and she refused to let someone get hurt on her watch.
Toni gave him a 'oh, you didn't say that' look. "That sounds like a challenge. Game on, Rogers." This didn't end well for the genius, who ended up in Steve's bed with a stomach ache, but it sure did gave the waitress something to chuckle about as Toni tried to eat all the food. With her groaning, some may have said Steve lost as well, having to take care of the brunette, but he was able to cuddle with the genius for a good few hours. For the Captain, he loved every minute of her in his arms. Even with her grumbles, he would not change anything in the world.
She pushed herself onto her elbow as she glanced at the window. The night sky was clear unlike the day before, and she could see the stars. She used to dream of traveling into space when she was a child, but now, the thought was a nightmare. A death sentence. She could feel her panic start to grow as she thought about it, and she hated herself for it. Why was she so weak? She felt like she-
"If I knew what happened, I would let you know, but I don't," she said, coldly. It was
*O*O*
Toni found another grown and put it on backward to cover her butt. She inched to the door, trying to hear if someone was outside the door. She couldn't hear anything from the other side, but she wasn't sure. The silence could be because there was no one there or she just couldn't hear through the wall.
"It's a party in here," a voice calls from the doorway.
"Let's talk about something cheery now," Barnes said as he offered his arm to Toni, who just stared at it. She wasn't one to take an offered arm, no matter how hot the guy was. "I was thinking we could go to the Stark Expo. I hear Howard Stark is unveiling something." He smiled and lowered his arm when Toni didn't take it.
Rhodes gave him a weird look. "What for?"
"You did attack a nurse and stole her clothes," he responded, eyeing her clothes.
"For taking care of her," he replied.
"You were dead for a few seconds before the doctor brought you back. You need to rest," the nurse said, her tone cold. She held Toni's shoulder to keep her down, and Toni was too tired to fight.
"Okay, we can stop that," she stated. "I may be a woman, but I'm not going break." She narrowed her eyes. "I will pound you if you don't stop." She waved her fist at him. "Trust me. I will!"
"You aren't the only one to tell me that," she stated, with a smile.
An expected anger flew through her, and she wanted nothing more than to punch someone. "Remember when I said to stop doing that?" She snapped, as she pushed against the brick wall. The crater and shadows became a distant memory as she struggled to breathe. "I swear to God, you're going to freak me out!" Her heartbeat was racing, and nothing that she did slowed it. To make it worse, it felt like someone was pulling at her as the darkness started to form in vision.
that they were dead. He took a deep breath as he opened the first folder and gazed. It was of Howard Stark- deceased, and that completely shocked him. How did the genius die? How was that possible? Steve though he out live them all. The folder shook in his hands as he tried to force himself to read it, but he couldn't. He just couldn't. It would be too much.
"How so?" He asked as he got to his feet. He offered a hand to Toni, but she didn't take it.
Hello, I am sorry that this took so long for me to post this. I was waiting for my Beta, but she has a life...well more importantly she has finals, which are more important this. So this is unbeta. Be warned. My grammar is not the best; however, I want to get this out since it took me so long to update.
This man and the mad, insane woman had surprised Toni with their abilities, though nothing these days should. She was dating a super soldier and was best friends with a man with horrible anger management skills.
"You didn't even like me at first, so why are you Mr. Protector now?" she asked. "What changed?" She didn't understand what was going on, and that annoyed her.
Bruce gave her a look. "Steve will and he'll freak."
Toni looked down and stared at her hands. "This isn't something I can just test and see if it works. I have to turn it on and see where it takes me." It was a big risk and it could kill her if it was anything like the last time, but she couldn't stay any longer.
Barnes crossed to her, stepping into her personal space. He seemed to like doing that. "Tell me what's going on," he stated. "Why are you jumpy?"
"I am not," she said, softly.
Tony's heart does a little flip, but he doesn't say anything. He can't help but feel like someone has slapped him across the face
Toni could do nothing but stand there as Peggy put the handcuff on her tightly and harshly pushed her forward.
"Stevie should take his shield to your chest. It would make this easier. Make it safer for the world."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes, Boss," the AI replies. "They have caused my creator distress, so it is only logical to protect for you."
If one more man slapped her ass, Toni was going to rip off his arm, slap him with it, and then shove it up his ass. She didn't care that she had a broken arm, which was feeling better with each passing day, or that she only weighed 100 pounds, she was going to beat each one of those assholes, who touched her ass. She didn't care that she was sex on legs as they had no right to touch her without her permission, and believe her, none of them had her permission.
Toni chuckled lightly as she leaned heavily against Steve. "Hey, now," she said, quietly. "I can cook."
Toni let out a sigh as she face-palmed. "Romanoff, let him go. The legal hassle isn't worth it," she said. "I so don't want to deal with an angry Pepper. She'll pitch a fit if she heard we manhandled a reporter." Romanoff turned and gave her a look, but she didn't say anything. "Besides, this isn't as bad as the naked pictures of me that the media got once."
I hoped you like this.
"But I have conditions. I'm going to need you to tell me how awesome I'm on a daily bases and that I'm right all of the time," she replied with a smile.
"And when he isn't with you, how do you feel?"
"Don't let it get to you head," he said as he moved the tray closer to her. "It won't happen again."
Rogers struggled harder. "Fight me and I can show you," he said through his teeth.
*O*O*
Toni turned, giving Steve a look, before she glanced back toward the box. The evil box was an advantage size, and it was filled to the top. There were different shades of green and red popping out. "With that junk?"
"Things aren't so bad. Food's a lot better, we used to boil everything. No polio is good. Internet, so helpful. I've been reading that a lot trying to catch up." Steve answered.
Toni had to admit, though not out loud or to him, that he had a nice smile. "I don't like to rely on people. And I do remember some things, just not a whole lot." She decided it would be foolish to have total memory lost.
She stared at him. Sure, she needed to get her phone back as it obtained information from the future, but she was more concern about her unnamed device. "Where's my other device?" she asked. She needed that device in order to get home. She didn't know how she was going to do it, but she knew that the device was the key… When did she start believing that she was in the past?
Her eye twitched. "I don't make weapons." She never really got along with any of the soldiers she worked alongside with as she couldn't keep her mouth shut, but it was difficult with these idiots. Future Rogers and even past Barnes had told her that her I-don't-care-about-others personality would make people dislike her, but she couldn't bring herself to stop.
To him, anyone who made weapons from the Tesseract was not a friendly in his book. How could Fury even begin to think that was wise? There was no way explanation in Steve's mind that could justify what Fury was doing. To make things worse, he had lied to them. He had brought them in to fix his mistakes. He had put the world, including Toni's life, in jeopardy, and he couldn't forget that.
Breathing heavily and feeling her muscles twitch, Toni slowed down to a crawl as she moved over to the side of the path. Not a second later, she was bent over, panting heavily with sweat pouring down her face and body. Everything was spinning as she tried to catch her breath. Even with a few deep breaths, she was still panting, struggling to catch her breath. She had no idea why she was having a difficult time, when she wasn't out of shape in way…Though, did not sleep count for being out of shape? If so, then Toni was so out of shape that it was amazing that she was live.
Toni felt her heart skip a beat, as her whole world fell on her. Sure, she knew she shouldn't have expected things to be different, but she couldn't help it. She expected her father to have listened, she expected him to be alive, but she knew she was stupid for thinking he could be alive. She was stupid for getting her hopes up, especially when she let him die. She could have warned sooner, but she didn't. "It's fine," she replied. "Just need to get back to my tower."
Toni glanced over to her. "Yea, we did." It was weird to hear her laugh.
In her struggling, the water rushed into her nose, taking the breath that she was holding. Scared, she tried to take a breath, but the water rushed into her lungs. Panic flew through her because she had no idea if they were going to pull her out of the water that seared her throat. If they were, wouldn't they have done so already? Didn't they know that she couldn't breathe? Did they know that everything was fading? She was starting to lose the feeling of her body.
Was Toni supposed to be impressed? If so, she wasn't. Not at all. Granted that could be because Killian rubbed her the wrong way, though she could do it better herself. No, that wasn't her ego… or maybe it was. "So?" she asked.
However, logical doesn't help. The space makes it worse, and Tony loses himself more. He thought distracting himself would help, but neither the woman nor the man that he brought to his bed helped. They made it worst, and he feels less like himself. He doesn't know who he is anymore, but he knows this hiding isn't helping. Maybe, he should tell the Soldiers and see how they react. Once he gets the rejection, he might be able to finally move on, but he's scared. Scared of what would happen after they reject him. Rogers had already rejected him once, and they almost killed each other. Maybe, a second reject will end him.
When his dreams came back to him, his desires came to life and all he thought about was her. All he thought about was righting that wrong; sure, Phillips was right then, but now, he was wrong. When he awoke and he would wake up, he would find Toni and he would kiss her like she had never been kissed before. She needed to know how he felt.
Having no expense spared, two large, round top slate slabs with a slight yellowing to them stuck up from the grassy field, and each had a delicate design carved into them, which looked like it had taken years to write. In a different size, dates and names were inscribed in them with a fancy scripted, and perfectly groomed assortments of brightly colored flowers were planted around the slabs.
With a deep sigh, Toni shook her head and turned from the window quickly. Ignoring the shattered glass on the floor, she stepped toward the bar on the other side of the room with one thing on her mind. Her hand was trembling at her side, but she did he best to ignore the shaking. She also did her best to ignore her rapidly beating heart as it threatened to pop out of her chest. Even with sweat running down her face, she ignored it all as she poured herself a tall glass of whiskey, which only lasted a few seconds.
"Oh, you pain me," Toni replied as the lights dimmed down.
"I tell you, Steve. This one's a genius," Barnes said.
He closed his eyes and held her even tighter, and he didn't move for quite some time. "Toni," he called, after a few minutes. "It's okay…" He paused. "Just don't leave."
Steve was smiling, as he pocked the keys and got out of the white Audi to follow after them. His eyes were on Toni, watching the Genius' every step as if she was the most important thing in the world to him. "Easy, Toni," he replied, stepping on to the elevator. He was truly smiling.
Toni thought. She got the last name. "I find a lot of things funny," she stated as she pushed her device away and stood up.
Toni might have been able to take a day off and play hooky with Steve, but unfortunately, she couldn't do that every day like she wanted to. Stark Industries did not run itself, even though JARVIS ran a lot of the day to day operations, and she couldn't take more than a day off, even if it was her own damn name on the walls. God, she missed Pepper. Why did she let her leave again? Oh, wait, she knew why. It was for their friendship or –what was left of their relationship. It was an olive branch in a sense, trying to repair what was broken between them.
"Yeah, we compromised. Sometimes in ways that made us not sleep so well. But we did it, so the people could be free. This isn't freedom, this is fear," Steve said, giving Fury a side glare, as he tried to pretend he hasn't seen
"What do you think?" Jim snapped back. "She's smells of whiskey and covered in bruises. She isn't sleeping, Rogers!" He sneered. "To make things worse, she's seeing things according to JARVIS. So how do you think she is? Think she's coping? No!" Rhodes paused for a second, taking a few deep breaths. "And where the hell are you during this? Gone. Abandoned her. Which works out for you, as I don't care that you're an American Icon. I'll beat your ass regardless."
Rogers' eyes falls and he's looking down at Tony's lap. "I shouldn't have let it get that far.
"Don't make me kick your ass," she said, stomping back to him. "You know I can!" She may have glaring at him, but it was fading, as she stared down Steve's smile. Her left eye was twitching as she ogled his prefect smile with his prefect teeth. "Goddamn it," she cursed. "That smile should be illegal!"
She loved that song and she would sing along to it all day. "Living easy, living free… Season ticket on a one-way ride," she sung loudly. She didn't have a singing voice and she knew this, but she didn't care. She just enjoyed singing, even if her voice sounded like nails on a chalkboard. "Asking nothing, leave me be…Taking everything in my stride."
Howard seemed almost shocked that she agreed to go with him. "Good," he said, picking up a coat from the table and crossing to her. "Put this on." He held it out to her.
way in the hopes of saving him.
"Are you sure, J?" she asked, her hand still quivering. The coffee cup had fallen from her hand and shattered against the cold hard wood floor when it hit the ground. She made no move to clean it up, not that she even knowledge that it fell.
"When was this?" Barnes asked. His hand was tightly on her knee again. "Toni."
"Tones," Jim uttered. "Does Steve know how bad-"
"Get away from her!" A voice growled, startling Toni, who knew the voice from anywhere. She could hear him struggle as he tried to fight his way toward her.
"You know you can't do this to yourself, right? You need to sleep," Howard said.
"Excuse me?" She was
Steve glanced at her before stopping at the door; Natasha was right. He should let Toni in and give her time before he 'jumped' her, but he was too impatient. Usually, he could wait, but it had been too long since he held her. He just-
Something in her mind snapped and she slapped him. "If I need a friend, you will not be it." Why in the hell did he think she would want to be friends with him?
Toni had to keep telling herself that everything was okay, because she was under the belief that if you said it enough, it was true. It became true, and she needed that to be true, though she wasn't sure why she was feeling like this. Feeling like something was going to happen. Happy was going to be fine. The President was going to be fine. Rhodey was safe. Steve was by her side; she should be on cloud nine, but something was off. She was feeling odd, feeling like a stranger. No, she wasn't feeling like a victim, not saying she didn't still feel Aldrich Killian's disgusting hands. No, it just that she felt like she was in auto pilot mood, like someone else was driving.
Barton laughs. "I don't think anyone has ever said that about you."
"Shut up," She hissed, as she finally kicked herself free of the vines.
"A mistake? Really?" she asked, trying to force that image out of her head. She hated how it felt to see them kissing, and she hated Steve for making her feel like that.
interest in talking to Clint about his personal life, not when he didn't know what to think. However, that could be said with anyone in Shield if he thought about it. Yes, Clint and Natasha were his comrades- Avengers, but he wasn't too sure if they were more than, even after the movie nights.
"So that's what this is about," she muttered. "I won't tell you anything." She shook her head and stepped away from the table. She eyed a knife sitting on a table a foot from a shotgun.
If she wasn't frightened before, she was now; Pepper's expression was pure fear. "Let us in! I need to see Toni."
Toni glanced at him from the corner of her eyes before she looked down at the device. For a few seconds, she found herself staring at the device.
Howard simply glared.
"It was not in a fit of jealousy," she argued. She would not let him believe that.
"Well, you worked hard on the device. It would be a waste for you not to help," she replied. "Plus, I doubt you would give it to me if I don't accept your help."
Toni closed the file harshly as her hands shook. Perhaps her father had been correct about not knowing, because knowing was horrible. Barnes' fall kept repeating in her head as she thought about what he might have had been feeling when he knew he was falling to his inevitable death. What had went through his mind?
"Tony," Rogers utters again, his voice shaky. "No!" he says strongly. "Stop. Come on, Tony. Let's talk about this." His voice is breaking with every word. "Please. Tell us what's wrong. We can fix it," he begs as he talks a step forward.
"And how did you know my name?" he asked, remembering her calling out to him. Taking a deep breath, he shook the memory as it was pointless. He would probably never see her again.
"Last name me?" he asked chucking.
"That man is playing gallaga!" Toni yelled, snapping Steve back to reality. "Thought we wouldn't notice, but we did."
Where the hell was JARVIS when she needed him?
. The battle of New York affected her more than she let on. She took a deep breath as she hated to hear that lecture if the gang ever found out.
Steve didn't need or want to hear that, even if he knew it was true. He knew everyone was struggling with the idea of Toni's being dead, but man, they had no idea of what he was going through. They had no idea of how he was dying inside. They had no idea that he was hoping against hope that Toni was alive, as he didn't know what he would do without her. "Barton," he said, slowly. There was a clear warning in his voice.
"That's good at least," he replied.
Like he had done before, he undressed Toni and put her into something comfortable, which left him slightly red in the face. Though he had seen her naked before, he couldn't get over how beautiful she was even with the scars, and he wanted nothing more than to touch her, kiss her. Making
Bucky glanced behind him at Steve, who was staring hard in front of him. "Then believe it."
She shook her head as she expected him to be mad. "Not in my family," she muttered as she picked up her speed to get away from him. She needed to figure out what she was going to do.
"Tony," he utters, putting his hand on his knee. It sounds like there's something else that he wants to say but he doesn't.
There is only one answer to that question, and there will always be one answer to that question, even if he isn't okay. "Yes, Mom," he says.
"Well, it's the best explanation we can come up with for that thing being in your chest," he said with a smile. "I would love to be a robot myself."
Once second, he had her hot and bothered, and the next, he had her pissed.
His eyes were drilling into her, and it send chills down her spine. His eyes were anything but friendly, and they drained her of any faith that she had done the right thing. With a single look, he made her doubt everything that she knew and did, but she still struggled with admitting that she was wrong. Maybe what she did would save him. This pain he was feeling now wouldn't be as great as the pain he would be feeling down the run if she let this relationship happen. But what did she do with her pain?
"Yup," she smiled at him.
"We needed you to rest as you were-are running yourself into the ground, and I knew it was the only way to get you to rest," he replied.
Before Steve could react, Toni stole the bowl back from Steve, causing the popcorn to fly. "Mine," she claimed, as she stuffed her mouth.
Tony smiles, putting on a mask. He knows his best friend knows all of his masks, but he hopes Jim doesn't call him on it. "I am the best cuddlier."
She let out a loud groan. "You're worse than Rogers," Toni stated as she leaned back from the engine block.
There's no doubt about that. No doubt at all.
He said something back to her but they were just words, as she faded back into darkness. However, she could rest in peace as she was safe and Barnes was alive, though she would give him hell the second she came to.
She grimaced as she pushed herself up into a sitting position with her good arm. It was difficult because she was in some extreme pain. "I need meds," she told to herself. She didn't like that because she didn't want to get addicted to that stuff, which could happen if she took too much. "Stupid arm," she muttered. "Can I just crop it off? Who needs an arm?"
The strange man turned and started to walk away.
"Toni Stark is in my van!"
She studied the bed, which didn't have wheels. She would either need to detach the railing of bed or drag the bed, but the latter would be noisy. Someone would hear and stop her, which she could not have. Laying down on her back on the floor, she fought her reflex to jump up. Though her gown was covered more than it did in the future, the back of the gown was still open. Stupid gowns, she thought.
Steve glanced at Bruce, who was staring intensely at the ceiling. "How aren't you a mess?"
Toni let out a groan as the few raindrops became a downpour, and she was soaked within seconds. Her hair gained ten pounds as it was suddenly glued to her. Her clothes also gained a few pounds as they stuck to her body. Within mere seconds, she was shaking, and she knew she would be sick the next day. She would be a beast in a few hours, and it was at this moment that she wondered why she decided a run was a good idea. Toni was sore, soak, and cold, and she was feeling worst with each passing second.
Phillips took a deep breath. "I didn't want to send you out."
"Toni."
Once more, she counted backward, as she tried to think of
Toni opened her eyes, letting out an exhausted sigh, as she glimpsed out the diner window. "Besides, fans are nuts." She uttered, spotting a few people eyeing them. It wouldn't be long before there was a group of people looking at them like they were at the Zoo. "Just look at them. JARVIS would totally go all smart house on their asses if he found them my bed. I would probably take a phaser to them myself."
"Ready, Toni?" Howard called out.
I'm starting to believe you," he stated, interrupting her. "I want to keep an eye on you." He opened up the file in front of him and skimmed it over before sliding it toward Toni. "You rotting in a cell won't help anyone."
The Doctor gives him a look. "S-Tony," she say, slowly, as she waves the nurse out of the room. Her eyes travel down his form, surveying all of the cuts and bruises along his skin. "Your right leg has been crashed and you have several broken bones in your left arm. The dam-"
"You want out?"
Steve gave her a look, not understanding what she was referring to. What did she mean by good answer? Did they think he just gave them the answer they wanted? Or was there a bad answer? He was confused. "What?"
"I need the casualty list for Rosano," Rogers stated, firmly.
After the read in of their mission, Steve found himself on a jet 500 so feet in the air, getting ready to jump onto a lone boat in the middle of the ocean. He was at the back, staring out at the ocean, as the STRIKE team were in the front, loading up. Romanoff was a few feet from him, adjusting her Black Widow's Bite. She had a few other weapons on her, though she was focused on her bits. Even with her back to him, he could see the tension in her shoulder as she worked. He wished Barton was here only for the sheer fact that he could calm the woman from anything, but he was off doing something. Something that no one would tell him about.
Oh, how he enjoys the Nanos. "I can rest in my room," he says, strongly. "You know I won't rest here as I'll be planning a breakout, and I will escape at some point. There's no stopping that."
Before anyone could respond, someone answered from the doorway. "He could be, but what would be his reasoning for that?"
Toni glared at the window as if she could burn a hole into it. "Asshats!" she muttered. There was still no movement for a few more additional hours, and it started to get to her, which annoyed her. They would not take her at her best, and they had to weaken her before they went at her. How manly was that?
Toni took a deep breath, fighting back the tears, before she turned away. It was oddly quiet as it seemed like she was the only one visiting this section of the cemetery. It was strangely cold, though Toni had no idea of what the exact date it was as she hadn't bothered to look before she left. She just needed to get out, and this was the only place she could think of going. However, the silence wasn't her friend, as it was when her nastiest thoughts came out, and with everything that happened, it was so much worse. Her guilt was eating her alive.
"Bear with me. How do you feel when he is hurt?"
"You scared, Tasha?" he says, shocked. "I need to mark this down."
Toni didn't know what it was, but she wanted to beat him, and it wasn't because she was jealous. Toni refused to be jealous because there was no reason for her to be. Who would want Rogers anyways? He was an asshole with who didn't know what he wanted.
want to sleep. She didn't want to go back to that dark place. She didn't want to be alone with her guilt. Being alone was too much.
"Heard what?" he asks, pushing himself up using his right elbow. His eye twitches as pain shoots through his back.
"No wonder Madame Hydra does not care for you," Schmidt said, as he crossed to the window.
There was no denying how important Bruce was to Toni, becoming one of her closest friends. "See, they would never notice I'm gone!" Toni said, stepping to her armor. Scratches still lined the suit, but other than that, the suit was in good shape; however, she still was going to tease Rhodey to no end, even if she regretted kicking him out of the suit.
"Work am I?" he said as his hands loosened around her waist.
"I didn't ask if you can fly it. I asked if you intend to go out," Steve restated, annoyed. His lack of sleep was getting to him and he was allowing his anger to grow.
To her luck, she just had to deal with the few guards stationed by the door, who only nodded to her as she passed. They were used to her late nights in the lab, and they paid no attention to her. Once inside, she looked around to make sure she was alone. Sure, it was late and there was a small chance that anyone would be, but she just had to make sure.
Rollins stood behind Rumlow, eyeing the scene. With an intense and blank look, his eyes went to Rogers. "Maybe, she just wants to say no, but doesn't know how to. Saying no to Captain American can't be easy." He said, plainly.
"Initial signature is unusual. Alpha beta remain neutral," Howard stated, talking to no one in general. There, however, were a few techs next to her father, taking notes and watching. He stood in front of a glass window, experimenting with one of the cores. "I doubt Rogers picked up on that. He-"
Phillips nodded and said, "Agent Carter is correct. Say your goodbyes." He gave Toni a look, which she knew would be the only real good bye she would get from him. He may not have liked or trust her to begin with, but she knew she had grown on him. Even after that blunder of sedating her, he had grown on her. "I'll say one thing, Stark," Phillips started, "I prefer you over your father, but it will be peaceful without you."
Toni looked up. "I ate breakfast," she said, lying. Toni couldn't recall the last time she ate; heck, she was lucky that she could remember the last time she left her lab. Pepper didn't need to know that. She didn't need that lecture.
"What do you suggest?" she asked.
Toni knew Rhodey wanted to talk since she first made contact him after her supposed death, but they hadn't had the time. How could there be? Thad been under attack, having to play defense, and now, they had to save the President. With the threat level in the red, it was a horrible time to have a talk, nor was it a good time to have a freak out, though that didn't stop Toni. Here she was on the edge, falling apart. How could she fight in this state? How could anyone keep their head on their shoulders if they were feeling like she was? "No," she replied, fighting back the oncoming headache—not that she could remember a time without one.
She glared at him. "I thought we were talking about you and the loss of your best friend. Not me." She closed her eyes as she hid her face in his chest. She didn't want to talk about herself, or how deeply she cared for Barnes. She didn't want to admit that she cared that much for him, when she had no idea of how he had gotten that close to her. "I'm sorry, Steve. I'm so sorry." Tears ran down her face.
Phillips took a deep breath and crossed to the corner table. He wouldn't admit it, but Toni's pain was getting to him. He disliked seeing anyone in pain, but there wasn't anything he could do for her. She was the reason why she was in pain, and he couldn't do anything for her until she admitted the truth. "Just tell us everything and this all can be over," he stated, knowing no one could hear it.
"I believe Toni's in the past and Thor has some sort of idea of portals," Bruce answered, as he walked back to the workbench. Running his hand through his hair, he took a deep breath. "That's how he travels home, and I believe time travel works in the same."
Rogers turned to her and he could see the worry in her eyes. "I'm fine," he replied. "My eye will heal on its own." He eyed her as she walked toward him. "This isn't the first time I got a black eye."
Toni didn't look away from the Captain, who was a few feet from her.
"And you let them go outside?" She asked, annoyed. Not a second later, she bolted out of the room with no care if the usher said anything else. There wasn't anything that he could say that would interest her. Her mind was on Steve, who was really testing her willpower. He told her countless times that he didn't like her defending him as he wanted to defend himself. He didn't want her help, but right now, Toni didn't know if she could do that.
The flames and smoke forced them to the rafters as the entire building was being eaten by the flames. Barnes had wondered if they would ever be able to find Toni and get the hell out of this place. With each passing second, the flames had gotten worse, and the building started to shake and fall apart around them. As they stepped onto a higher level, another rumble echoed throughout the base, sending Barnes to the knees. Steve was able to stay on his feet. "Are you okay?" he asked.
Toni turned to leave, but she didn't make it one foot as she was slammed against the brick wall. The Stalker (she doubted it was anyone else) hadn't been gentle when he pinned her to the wall. Her head hit the wall hard, and it left her dazed for a seconds. She knew it would leave a mark, but that wasn't the only mark she would have. Her good arm was smashed into dumpster, while Rogers' jacket ripped catching on some metal piece sticking out. It wasn't long enough to cut her, but she felt it drag against her skin, scratching her. Her broken arm was pinned against her body in an uncomfortable position.
"Shut it," Toni snapped, knowing that he was right. She may have gotten her sexy body back, but she needed to work on defending herself. She couldn't rely on her technology like she did in the future. "Fine, I accept your help, but I want this back." She crossed to him and snatched the gun from his hand.
"What happened to you?" Toni asked worried. She was ready to beat the asshole that attacked Rogers. No one was allowed to mess with him but her.
"Steve thought you would need some clothes to change into."
She had to give it to Skully on the view alone, because it was a truly breathtaking sight. With the snow covered mountains, it looked like a winter wonderland that Toni would love to explore in her Iron Man Suit and a snowboard.
He looked back at her as he wiped the bloody knife on the dead hydra soldier's clothing. Blood soaked the ground and he was careful not to step in it. "I thought I told you to stay," he said, putting the knife away.
It also brought out the reader's tears, though it was more than the words. There was another stain that caught the reader's attention. It was decade old blood that was speckled up the left side of the letter and photo. There wasn't enough to make the letter unreadable, but it made it harder to stomach. It was clear that this letter and photo was on the author as he died. Though the situation of his death was unable determinable from the items, it was heartbreaking to read the last thing the author wrote.
Okay, he isn't alone…Once his vision clears, his hazy brain can make out that he isn't alone, though none of the avengers are present. Instead, there're two hospital employees—but do they count as people? Well, not people Tony wants to see, but it takes a few seconds for his mind to work who they are. They're both women: a doctor and a nurse, and the good doctor is shining a bright light in his eyes, which annoys the genius to no end. Is this woman trying to blind him? What's the purpose of shining it in his eyes? Does she not care how bright the cursed light is? Is this some kind of torture? Is she getting some kind of sick joy out of this? Is she an old lover or something? Does-
to. He probably knew first-hand what she was going through. He probably spent many nights unable to sleep…like she did. If he was, he was doing a better job of hiding it.
Barton chuckled. "Yea. I so don't want to be here when she finds that out. I foresee explosions," he said. "Lots of explosion and her chasing you down."
Oh, look, there are the questions that he doesn't want. "Too much chatter. Let's shut up and get to work. We don't have time for this," he says as neutral as he can. However, his bitterness is clear in his voice, and it shuts the team up almost immediately. He knows they're completely blindsided by his tones, but he cannot allow himself to care. He's on a mission. "I'll clear the building. You stop those droids."
"What did you say to make him hit you like that?" he asked.
Even in her exhaustion and grief, Toni let out a sigh of relief as she spotted a petrol station. However, thanks to her bad luck, there was no one there. It was a complete blank and empty, and she had no way to warm herself up. There was also nothing she could do to sustain her energy, which was something she needed if her growling stomach was to judge. On the plus side, there was a wooden Indian with a fugly but warm poncho. Though she wouldn't normally even look at a poncho, she grabbed it like it was a gift from a god, and she pulled it over her without wasting a second. Her hands were shaking heavily as she pulled the heavy, itchy fabric over her head. After she pulled it down, she wrapped her arms around herself for a long second, as her shivers over took her.
"…I didn't want to do this in front of them," he said, with a large smile. "I wanted this to be just for us."
Toni froze, noticing a silhouette at the window; however, this dark spot wasn't a shadow. Besides the human shape, it was fucken moving, and if someone—namely JARVIS—tried to tell her differently, she was going to blast them to high heavens, as there was
Fury stopped and moved aside as not to disrupt the flow of traffic in SHIELD headquarters, an impressive building if it could be considered as just a building. It was much more than a building. It was far more advanced than anything else on the planet. "I'm not sure what you're implying but I feel insulted, Captain Rogers," he said.
For a few seconds, she thought about jamming the blade into Rollins' throat, but the thought felt like acid in her throat. It wasn't like she hadn't killed a man before—her hands were bloody-, but she had never killed a defenseless person, and at this moment, that was Rollins. It would be murder. It would be something she could never look pass, even though he would probably enjoy killing her. "You're lucky I'm not you!" she sneered, cutting seatbelt. "If I were you, you'll be dead."
"Hey!" Toni yelled, playing hurt as she punched him in the shoulder. "Take that back. That's not true, but you never know when I'll blow up the
Steve closed the distance between them. Paying no attention to her question, he stated, "Not changing my mind, Stark. I'm not going anywhere, and there's nothing you can say that will change my mind."
"Well, I'll show you," Fury said, taking control of the massive television wirelessly with a device in his pocket.
"I'm curious," Rumlow said with a shrug. "I can't blame him. Even if Stark is a threat to Hydra, there's no denying she's hot." There was stupid grin on his face.
Steve gently set Toni on her bed before he closed the door to the room. One of the towels had fallen to the ground as he had carried her, but no one made a move to retrieve it. He kept an eye on Toni while he removed his shield, setting it against the wall. His eyes didn't leave her as he pulled off his combat gloves. Toni was curled up on the bed, holding the towel on her back closed, and she looked so small. So weak in her wet clothes, and it took everything in Steve's power to step away from her. He hated seeing her like this, and he hated it was a restless night that brought her to this state. A restless night that he wasn't here for.
"Don't Toni me," she demanded. "Why are you here?" She didn't want to talk to him. She had other things that she could be doing instead of wasting her time talking to him, especially when he betrayed her to Colonel Salty. Yes, she knew everything turned out well as she was closer in fix that damn device, but he was the reason why she was in a damn cell for a month. For the longest time, her voice was the only voice she heard, and it was annoying.
Toni had no idea where Howard was with her device, as she hadn't seen him since that night she hurt her arm. It annoyed the hell out of her that he had taken her device with him, but she didn't say anything as she realized that she needed a break. She had been working on it for days without end. Maybe, it would give her fresh eyes, because right now, she couldn't think of anything and it was frustrating her.
," she stated. "What makes you think I will? Me and authority don't get along." She let out a chuckle as she thought about all of the times Rogers tried to tell her what to do.
." She had no idea of where this woman's strength came from as no one was this strong normally. It was
He turned to her. "Okay. So what?"
Toni's head was spinning and she had no idea of where she was or what was going on. All she knew was that she was tied to a chair, unable to move, and the ropes and handcuffs were digging into her. It was hard to breath, but that wasn't what worried her. What worried her was the last thing she could recall, which was Barnes being ambushed by hydra Soldiers. She had tried to help him, but she was grabbed from behind, and no matter what she did, she couldn't break free. Before the man had knocked her out, she watched as Barnes was taken to the ground unable to fight the men off. She had no idea what happened after that. He could be seriously hurt or worse dead, but she did know that if one of those asshole hydra soldier hurt him, she was going to beat their asses.
Romanoff's expression changed as if same thing had just occurred to her. "I know who killed Fury." She left out a heavy sigh, as she turned from Steve. Her shoulders were heavy. "Most of the intelligence community doesn't believe he exists, the ones who do call him the Winter Soldier. He's credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last fifty years."
Toni closed her eyes as she took a deep breath. "I want to marry you."
in the middle of the crowded office, front and central for everyone to see. She didn't need that in the media, as the media would have a field day with it. Sure, she didn't expect her employees to sell her out, but having one of
The room was already dark and the film had already started, which made it hard to spot anyone in the crowd; however, she was able to make out faces in the dark. Toni scanned the crowd looking for Steve, but she couldn't spot him. To get a better view of the crowd, Toni moved down the aisle, but she still wasn't able to spot him. Ignoring all the looks that she was getting, she crossed down to the corner of the auditorium by the screen and scanned the whole crowd. She still could not locate Steve.
Dr. Erskine sat the clip board down on the table and shifted through the papers. "How are you feeling? Any pain?" he asked as he reached in his pocket. "Should be time for another dose."
Peggy let out a sigh, letting the brunette slip out of her grip. "You should be resting. You need to. Neither Barnes or Steve would want you to go on like this."
Jacques Dernier glanced at her before putting down his own cards. "Bien plus qu'un joli visage."
That was a loaded question if Toni had ever heard one. She trusted this man in a lot of different ways; she trusted him to be honest with her. She trusted him to be there for her, having her back as she would his, but she also trusted him to break her heart when the time came. "Yes, I do," she replied.
"You were-" Clint started to say.
"Just-"
At the moment, she was sitting in a beach chair at her Malibu mansion reading an interesting article about herself. When she saw it on the racks at the store, she plucked it right up as she wondered what they were gossiping about her now. Some of the stories were quite funny and they could always lift her spirts if ever needed; however, even if she didn't, it was always a good laugh. Right now for example, she was very chirper and was reading it as she spotted a fascinating article in it. It was one of those 'how did they know that.'
"And I know she'll go for it. I can see it in her eyes," Phillips started. "Once she's caught, she won't be able to talk her way out of it."
Scott askes, surprised.
Steve felt his eye twitch, but he didn't get a chance to retort before Natasha did. "Clint," Natasha scorned, softly. She was giving him a look that said it all, and it was scary.
Not knowing how he knew she was thinking that, Pepper gave him a look, but she didn't respond. She didn't have time for this argument, nor did she want to have this argument, because nothing they said would change her mind. It was for the best to get Toni out of this Tower and back home, where she would be able to breathe. She wouldn't have so many things weighting her down. She wouldn't have to worry about dying all the time.
"Oh, she awakes," Sharon replies with a smile in her voice.
"Wanna bet how long it takes for him to tell all his friends?" Toni said, waving at the boy with a smile. The boy's face was lit up like a Christmas tree. "Guess who I saw!" She teased.
So even if Toni wanted to slap him silly, it was probably a good thing that Fury was in charge of SHIELD. He was the organization, shielding the world, but this wasn't his SHIELD anymore. That created a whole new question: who SHIELD was it now? And what did it have to do with her? Were they going to kill her? Use her? Was she being kidnapped? Oh, Hells no. She was
Just like that, it felt like someone had punched Toni in the gut and stolen her breath. It was almost impossible to breathe. Even in the suit, she found herself shaking, trying to remain upright on her feet. "W-What?" she shuttered, as her hand went to her heart, hovering over the spot that the dog tags hidden beneath the suit.
He looked around to see if anyone was in earshot. "Your father has it."
"You are crazy," Howard countered as he turned to Rogers who stood there in shook.
"Yea, you shouldn't have," Toni responded as she narrowed her eyes.
She glanced back at her device for a second before she continued to the entrance. "Don't make me kill you and steal your company," she hissed as she pushed open the flap. She took a step out and looked around the darkened camp for any sign of movement. She didn't see anything, but even in the dark, she could make something out on the ground and as she stepped closer to see what it was, her breath was stolen from her.
"You're a monster! Why can't you see it?"
She knows. She knows it all. Damn it all to hell, and Tony's cursing in his head. Is there anything that that woman doesn't know? Sure, she's a spy, but it seems like she's reading his mind! Why in the hell does he let Barnes in his lab? He should've kicked him out. "What?"
"I'm good," she grumbled.
"No, I was told that that was one of the worse things you can do," Barnes stated. "We have just to comfort her through it."
"I don't remember much," she lied. She knew it would be the best answer, because he wouldn't be able to question her. "I woke up in a hospital a few days ago with no memory of who I was or where I was," she stated slowly.
*O*O*
"Some stuff you leave there, other stuff you bring back. It's our job to figure out how to carry it. Is it gonna be in a big suitcase or in a little man-purse? It's up to you."
Madame Hydra stepped toward Steve and said, "She knew they would pick you for the Super Soldier Project before you were picked."
"Me married to him?" she pointed toward the door with her left hand. "I would shot myself."
Steve is smiling as he looks upon his fellas. "Me too," he adds, putting his arms around them and holding tightly. "You both do. I don't want to know what I'd do without the two of you."
Natasha narrowed her eyes at him, studying every inch of the super soldier. She didn't speak right way, as her eyes drilled into Rogers, looking for any kind of lies. If found, she would skin him on the spot. "I don't need your permission, Rogers, but I'll hold you to it. If I see another-"
"No, I'll surprise him," she said with a smile. She wanted to see his face when she stepped into the lab. "And get the Mark 7 prepared. After I see Bruce, there's somewhere that I need to be."
"You want to bet?" Howard asked, teasing her back.
Never let anyone tell you that a Super Soldier didn't feel pain, because right now, he felt like he had been hit by a bus, a double decker. Considering he jumped from—he didn't recall how many floors—the elevator and plummeted to the ground floor below, he was doing quite well. He would have several nasty bruises in the morning, but he would live to tell the tale. Just being hurting.
Toni gave him a questioning look, but she didn't say anything. She wanted to bring up the fact that he would be leaving in two weeks and he wouldn't be here to see her get back on her feet, but she thought that was a bad idea.
*O*O*
Steve forced himself to stare down at Toni, because if he looked at Natasha, he would be shooting draggers.
"Like what?" he asked.
"Come with me and maybe, he'll be able to help."
"And Stark?" Rumlow asked. "She has seen the Asset. She even called him Barnes."
(See the end of the chapter for
Toni groans, because she didn't need her AI to tell her that, even if she didn't want to admit it. "JARVIS," she uttered softly, feeling her knees buckle. If it wasn't for the suit, she would be face down on the ground, but her protective AI wouldn't allow that. He was always there for her, even when she didn't know it.
Stepping into the room, Pepper studied him for a second before scanning the room for any more surprises. Staring out the window at the city's skyline, a man stood at the window wall. Though the CEO couldn't make out the man's face from her angle, she could tell from his body that he was a fit man in his late twenties, early thirties; there was no doubt that he could handle himself in a fight.
He glanced back to Toni, eyeing the expression on her face. "Now, Extremis harnesses our bioelectrical potential and it goes…here." He turned back the hologram and pointed to a spot. "This is essentially an empty slot, and what this tells us is that our mind, our entire DNA in fact, is destined to be upgraded."
Natasha's elevated voice cut through Steve's thoughts and the jet as her voice risen two folds. "How did you get this frequency?" she asked, clearly annoyed. "This is a secured SHIELD channel. How did you get the authorization?" The assassin's voice was firm and smooth, refusing let her annoyance show.
Natasha gave him a look, as if that was an answer to his statement, and took a step toward Toni. "I have seen those shoulders before," she said, eyeing Toni, who hadn't moved.
"You're hurting me," she said, hoping that it would get him to put her down. "Don't make me beat you."
"But this feels wrong," Pepper replied. Her voice gave it all way. On top of being tired, she was worried. Deeply worried about something.
Rogers answered, "She had nowhere else to go."
Toni closed her eyes for a second. "Are you here just to be creepy?" she asked. "Or do you want something else?"
"I have a world to help take over," the soldier said.
The Colonel glanced at him and decided to let it go. "Well then think it somewhere else. If I read the posters correctly you got some place to be in thirty minutes." He turned his back as to escape the look that Carter was giving him.
She landed next to him and he felt his heart skip a beat. He didn't know what to say or how to say it without sounding like a love sick puppy. Why did the sound of her voice do that to him? "Toni," he greeted, happiness dripped off his voice.
Steve glanced toward Barnes, who had stopped at the end of the alley. He eyed them but he didn't walk back to them. "Toni? Is this about me fighting again?" She had made it clear that she didn't like him fighting bigger, stronger man, who could easy kill him. "I can't just sit on the sidelines. You know this."
Howard exhaled slowly. "That ten foot range of the device is very stable, so we just need to find a place away from the prying eyes."
"And how's the device in your chest?" He asked as he forced his eyes to anywhere that wasn't Toni's chest.
It didn't need to be said twice as Toni literally jumped Steve a second later and wrapped her legs around his waist. She could feel his large hands on her lower back, pressing her flat against him. Feeling his firm body against hers went right to her groin, and it took all of her effort not to moan. No, it wasn't because she was embarrassed, but damn it, she wasn't some virgin, who lost it by a kiss alone. That was almost as bad as a man lasting two minutes, and God Damnit, she refused to be one of those.
"Toni."
Clint laughed. "I would love to give Rogers the shovel talk," he said with an evil laugh. "However, you'll have to worry about Nat giving you the shovel talk, and for some reason, I think her talk will be scarier than the Hulk's."
"Is that a challenge? I live off challenges, Stark," she said, eyeing Phillips. She could barely see Peggy's form over Salty, but she could tell the Agent was listening. Why would Peggy care about her conversion with Howard? Was she shocked by Toni's playful tone like she was herself?
, he thought, turning back to her. She had yet to move from her spot or spotted them. She was curled up, trying to hide.
Steve ran his hand through his hair. "Let's get to work, and worry about SHIELD later. We need to find Toni." He crossed to the case and opened one of the case. He stared at the equipment, unsure of what any of the items were or how they worked.
"Are you okay?"
"I don't know if I would consider you a god," she replied, bitterly. She remembered her stalker saying Loki's name before she passed out, but she had no idea why or how he was involved. What was his end game? Did this have to do with the promise he wanted her to make? Why did he want her to make a mystery promise? What could she possible give him that he wanted? The only thing she could think of was Odin's throne, but there was no way for her to give him that, even if she wanted to. What else could he want? What did he want besides ruling the world? Plus, he told her what he wanted wasn't a crime, so how could she help him? Toni had no idea.
There it was again; her eye was twitching. Why did everyone think there was something between her and Barnes? There was nothing and there would be nothing between them. "O', Salty. You just like to mess with me."
They glared at each for a few seconds before Toni struggled in Rhodes' arms, sensing the rising tempers. "Still need to breathe, guys!"
For a few long seconds, she just stared at the super soldier, recalling a few choice looks that Phillips and Rogers were giving each other while Howard held her. "What? You backed off because of Phillips?" she asked, and for a second, Toni didn't hate anyone more than him.
"Then who will locks all of the doors on Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes when they try to enter?" FRIDAY asks.
"No, you aren't," he said firmly as he lifted his head to look at her, but she didn't meet his glance. "Look at me."
"Yea, Steve Rogers."
"But why his?"
"You're impossible," he replied.
Sure, he would be laughing; she bet everyone was laughing at her. Was this some kind of joke from God? "You have taken my private property. I demand it back."
"You need to rest. You're killing yourself," Howard said.
Listening to Peggy as she spoke to Steve was heartbreaking, and Toni didn't know how she held back the tears. To hear Steve sound so broken was almost too much for Toni, who didn't understand why this was so hard. Her heart felt like it was about to break and shatter. She knew that Steve wasn't going to die, and he would be back, but it felt like he was dying. It felt like the end.
*O*O*
"I love you, Toni."
Natasha made a face. "I don't know about that. The truth is a matter of circumstances. It's not all things to all people all the time." She glanced forward, watching the road for a few seconds. "Besides, I have done much more on an assignment before." She turned to him, giving him a light wink. "That kiss was nothing."
hide. He's a Stark. They don't hide. This is why he stays in his lab for much of the day. He can't deal with their lovey dovelyness. He can't deal with their affectionate touches, and he definitely can't deal with their loving words to each other. Even with the playful insults, it's clear that they love each other more than anyone else in the world, and Tony can't deal with it. So instead of looking like an idiot, he stays in his lab, and it was working for a while.
I just wanted to let you know that I have posted the Sequel to this story. If you want to read it, please go to my profile. You will find the link there. I would be honored if you all decide to keep reading. :)
"How do you feel?" she asks, not paying attention to any of his questions.
Peggy's face was priceless at those words. "I don't need you to play cupid."
Seconds after wrapping himself in a blanket that he has pulled off the back of the couch, the famous Brooklyn Boys enter, and he can feel the temperature rise in the room. Tony can hear the squealing of shoes as the owners force them to a complete stop. There're probably marks on the floor from their shoes, which will probably take hours to clean. Tony's perfectly still as his eyes shift to the right to get a glimpse of the two soldiers. Even if he can barely make out their forms from his angle, he knows their attentions are zeroed in on him.
"I didn't-"
"I had to remind my men that I do not want you dead," he spoke as he walked to her.
Once he was gone, Toni pushed off the tree and stepped to Peggy, who was dressed in her formal uniform. "Heels, Agent?" she asked. "Is that a good idea for this terrain? I tripped and I was wearing boots." She picked up her foot and waved it at Peggy.
. At first, Toni had gone down to her lab to work on one of the many suits that she was been creating, but she couldn't focus. Not Tonight. Their last fight had replayed in her head, and she was too guilty to design. Too guilty to lie which number she was currently, so she left a few seconds later.
"You love it!" Clint said, turning to the television. There was some news program on in the background, playing softly.
For example, the brunet man outside the window wasn't James "Bucky" Barnes, but rather, a look alike. Even if he was a few yards away and a standing at an angle, the man looked remarkably like the soldier, but it wasn't him. It just wasn't, even if he stood or looked just like him. Unable to clear her mind, Toni forgot the chair on her legs as she stared at the man. Though his shoulder length hair blocked most of his face, he had firm jaw lines much like a certain dead soldier, and though his body was hidden in a large hoodie, it was clear that there were body doubles of each other. In fact, if it wasn't for the fact that she
"Captain Rogers, the likelihood that you would guess the code is 1.2342%," JARVIS stated. "It is futile."
"I agree with you."
Steve exhaled slowly as he entered the Stark Tower, where he had been staying. He had his own place, but he couldn't bring himself to go there in the off chance that he could help here or if by some chance that Toni came back. If she did come back, he wanted to see her as soon as possible; he didn't want to waste any more time. He was going to tell her the truth that he loved her, and then he was never going to let her out of his sight again. He didn't care if she returned his feelings (ok, he did), but if she did, he would be the happiest person on the planet. Regardless of if she returned his feelings, he would never leave her side, even if she threatened him which she would do.
"Trying to get me back in the world?" Steve asked, sending another punch to the worn out punching bag. He kept having flashbacks of the war, of his commandos, of Toni's face when she watched him run off. He hadn't realized at the time that she had been scared, that she didn't want him to go, but he could see it in her eyes as he looked back at his memories. Her eyes ate at him as he thought of her.
The room was rather large with computer towers lining the two side walls, while several monitors lined a third wall. Halfway down the third wall was the control board for the huge computer, which all of the main controls were located. Besides a few filling cabinets on the fourth back wall and a metal table, there was no chairs or other furniture in the room.
"I tried, but he won't leave." He sounded exasperated. "He almost attacked me."
Trip took a step forward with hand out. "Nice to meet you," he said with smile.
"Good," Phillips replied, still looking over the report from Peggy.
He was their best weapon, and a part of what made him the best was his ability to remind hidden. The reason why he could do his job so well was because he could do it in the shadows without anyone realizing. He could kill his target and be gone before anyone knew the target was dead. He could hide in plain sight in a room with highly trained agents and no one would be any the wiser, which was what made him the best. It also made him feel whole as the Asset only had one task in his life and that was to kill whoever his handers asked of him. But yet, here he was, watching. Watching a woman, who he wasn't allowed to approach. Just letting her see him at times.
If it was possible for JARVIS to laugh, Toni had no doubt that the AI would be laughing. "If seems like I am, Miss. A tune up might be needed."
Steve loosened his grip on the genius, ignoring the comment. "If you all don't mind, Toni and I are going to get something to eat."
"How many times do you have to tell I don't need your apology?" she asked. Her hand was holding the handle of the wrench tightly.
The group let out a collective fuck as JARVIS spoke. Each knew there was no way to make JARVIS tell them as it went against his programming. For a few long seconds, the room fall silent with Natasha being the first one to move. She went to the closest control panel, and before anyone could react, she pulled out a device from her pocket.
(See the end of the chapter for
Toni. He still didn't know where these feelings were coming from, but they were there building with each passing second, and they weren't going away. It was a weakness that neither his handers nor himself could get rid himself of, even with the chair and treatments. It was odd, but here he was, watching her sleep. Any attempt to move him was met with a hard shove and a deadly glare. He was expecting push back but nothing. They let him be.
"No." she yelled, unable to take this anymore. Steve would never do
If she was stuck in this time, then she didn't know what she would do. What
Taking a few deep breaths, Tony tries to force
"How so?" Rumlow asked with a raised eyebrow. "Going to have her kill herself with exhaustion?"
Barnes let her go and gave her smile. "I will hold you to that." He stood up and walked to the door for his bags. "And I expect my bed to be nice and warm when I get back." He gave her a wink that could get any girl hot at the knees, including her. "I hate a cold bed."
Bruce turned back to the device, which hated him. He didn't usually projected emotions on objects like Toni did, but he was willing to make an exception for this. This device hated him. He didn't know how Toni was even able to get it to hold power for a second. Jarvis had showed him a few clips of Toni working on it, but it could only help so much. The two devices may look the same but he couldn't get his to work. He looked at the picture. "Even if we could get it working, we would need a lot of power." He looked at the blue prints, trying to look for any clue how she did it. "How did she power this?" he asked.
She looked up just before losing consciousness to see Howard step to the Colonel. Toni wasn't sure what they were speaking about, but she hoped it wasn't about her being from the future. He couldn't know that she was his daughter as that would change everything. However, she wasn't able to do anything besides drifting into a nightmare as the drugs had taken over and fear filled her heart.
Even with a sore throat, Toni laughed. Why couldn't everyone joke around with her like this? Jokes were nice, a good distraction. "I'm never that
The world would be a hot messes, too focus on these men's hotness. Though, Tony thinks they can bring about World Peace just by them smiling… Or cause the world to stop and create global destruction as everyone just stares at them, which is more likely the case. Seriously, their smiles should be illegal, because there's no doubt that women will get pregnant just by Steve and Bucky smiling. They can just take a walk through Central Park and boom! Every women—and men if it's possible which Tony is all too happy that they can't as he would probably be knocked up already— no matter the age get pregnant instantly.
"You can't have Nancy. Nancy is mine, Rogers," Dugan stated, watching him.
*O*O*
Howard reached for her left arm and hovered it there for a few seconds before he clasped her arm in a sign of support. "Your guilt. It's eating you alive."
"Not for me?" he asked with a smile. His teeth were showing this time. "I'm not like Phillips… or Steve. I would like to think I'm different."
Natasha's eyes narrowed at the genius before she turned toward Steve, who hadn't move from Toni. Clint and Bruce followed in step behind Natasha, who was dressed in her SHIELD uniform as was Clint, a clear sign that something was up. "A SHIELD quintet is on their way. We have a mission," she said, calmly.
to see anyone else," he said, reaching for the med kit on the bed. "I just want you. You do things to me that I didn't think was possible."
It made Toni feel somewhat salty, but she didn't say sorry, like she never did. She wasn't really sorry for anything, well besides leaving the shrimp Rogers without a good bye. She glanced up at Phillip saying something to Peggy, who nodded and stepped away. Toni knew what this meant. He wanted to talk. "What, Salty?" she asked softly, as he wouldn't want to hear them.
Unable to take it anymore, Toni shot up into a sitting position with tears rolling down her cheek, staining her pale face. Not remembering the last time she slept, she blamed her exhaustion for this, causing her to hear things in her fatigue. Though knowing that this was all in her head, she still couldn't take
*O*O*
The genius groans. "Are my babies worried about their papa?" he asks, knowing Vision isn't exactly one of his creations, but he's close enough. "I'm fine."
The soggy Steve, after what seemed like forever in the shower, turned off the water and just stood there as the water droplets dripped down his body. It wasn't long before the fog from the hot water dissipated, leaving him with a cold chill in the room. Still being wet, he started to freeze, but he didn't move. His mind was too focus on his memories to dry off or to even move. Ever since he 'woke' up, he was haunted by his memories of the past, and knowing that they were all gone hit him harder than anything else. And now, there were flashbacks of Toni and her in danger. He was struggling.
"Arrogance may not be a uniquely American trait, but I must say you do it better than anyone," Schmidt said, drawing Rogers' glance. "Did you think you can save her on your own?"
*O*O*
"M-make it stop," she cried, unable to take it. "It h-hurts." Her ears felt like they were on fire, and if she could feel her body, she would've sworn that her ears were bleeding. It was so intense that she couldn't feel anything besides pain. If she could speak or if someone could hear her, she would plead for her death. The sound was so deafening that she could no longer hear what the echoing words were.
Toni could tell the first man was furious at the second, and it worried her, but she wasn't sure why. There was no reason why she shouldn't trust the man, who was holding her. He only seemed to want her to move, which was what she wanted.
Rhodes let out a small chuckle. "Seen far too many things." He replied, not explaining. He turned back Steve, giving him a look. Being a trained soldier, there wasn't a readable expression on his face, and that was scary- a nightmare really. "So you're together, now?" he asked, nodding to them.
Steve grabbed the box from Natasha, who didn't put up much of a fight to keep it. "We didn't have electric lights growing up. Too expensive," he said with a smile as he crossed to the tree. "Granted, we didn't have a tree like this. We usually went hunting for a tree in the trash, but they were never this nice." There was a smile on his face as he set the box down. "Well…. I hated looking for a tree in the trash like we were…" He drifted off, unable to finish that.
The CEO gave her a look before she made her way to the door. "If you excuse me, I have a company to run," she said.
Trip laughed. "I don't know about that, but I'm a Shield Agent. Agent Antoine Triplett at your service."
"Well, then don't look at it, and good." She stated at him for a few seconds before she turned to the door. "Now, let's go. I don't want anyone to think we're fonduing," she joked.
"I know," he replied. He wanted to get her back into bed, but hearing her, it might not be the best idea. "Why don't you call off today and we do something. Just the two of us. Get a Christmas Tree or something."
"There is nothing to see," JARVIS stated. "I have already studied the footage. There is no record of Miss Stark leaving."
"I agree with the Colonel," FRIDAY states, cutting through the tension. If Tony doesn't know any better, there's a tone in her normally monotone voice. "Cease your actions and step-"
"I stink," Tony says, sadly. "Who wants to smell grease and oil?"
Steve glanced back her, shocked. Did she really find Thor that attractive? What did that being (Steve would not call him a god) have that he did not? Was it the hair? The muscles? Steve didn't have time to ponder that, as Toni put her helmet on and proceeded to jump out of the craft without any thought. She didn't stop to come up with a plan, stating she didn't need one. She frustrated him to no end, but this was the woman that he fell for, and he didn't regret it. However, he just wished she listened to him at times, but something told him that that would never happen.
Pierce did not looked worried; in fact, he looked glee at hearing it. "I don't see the issue."
It was coming to an end for the Asset, who was finally captured just mere feet from Toni. Mere seconds from grabbing the woman and disappearing—somewhere no one would find them. He was mere seconds from happiness…well what he thought was happiness. Having not experiencing it before, he had no idea if this warmth in his chest was happiness, but he knew he wanted to experience it over and over again. He wanted to bury himself in this warmness, as they disappear from the history books.
"Your guy attacked me in an alley. He slammed me against a wall," Toni yelled. She tried to stand but both of her arms were handcuffed to the table and she fall straight back. "I thought he was going to kill me."
She yelled at herself. She was Toni Stark for crying out loud, and she would be damned if she was inferior in anyway. She was awesome, and she refused to be anything less.
She knew Pepper was going to do this, but she didn't expect it out of Rogers… Okay, she did expect it from him, as he thought he would fix everything, which included her. Even with all of their fights, he thought she was something he needed to fix. "What do they want?"
Peggy glanced at her. "Yes. I think it works," was her only response as she walked away.
in the basement of his mother's house while thinking of her. He also seemed to be like the type to have a shrine too… maybe, two shrines. Seriously, look at him! Who was this creepy man and how had no one murdered him yet? How had he not murdered anyone yet? He totally seemed like the type to have people laced up in his basement naked and bleeding…Maybe, his mother protected him or she was helping him; he did seem like the momma boy type. Maybe, she probably protected the world from this crazy man.
Toni's eye twitched. Why did the universe hate her? "Why are you here?" she asked.
"Were too, Punk," Barnes replies as he leans toward Rogers and pulls him in for a kiss. It's a wet kiss that has both men panting for air when they're finished. Their lips are red and wet, and their faces are hot and rosy. Tony doesn't feel left out as he watches them. He enjoys watching them, even if he say he doesn't—not that he can. Watching these two turns him on, and he wants nothing more than to rip off their clothes.
She stared at him from the corner of her eyes. "Not to questions I don't like," she admitted. She hated talking about her health and her weaknesses.
Though Steve understood why they wanted it quiet, he couldn't understand why that was startling or what that would have to do with the suit. People were going to notice as Toni was hard not to miss, but why did it matter? It wouldn't change anything. It wasn't like there was a ransom or anything for her. She was in the past, though they wouldn't want that out. "Why the suit?"
Toni's legs felt like jello beneath her, and she couldn't stay on her feet, even with the man behind her holding her up. She closed her eyes again, trying to catch her breath. She just needed rest, but she couldn't. Not here. She needed to get back to her tower. Back to her suit. "k-k," she muttered, forcing her eyes open.
